No-one really liked Emma. She just seemed to have drifted into the group by accident. They had met, originally, when expecting babies at an ante-natal class, had bonded, and now, almost ten years later, were a firm social group, often involving their partners and children. Emma had split with her partner, and her son now lived with him, because, she said, she was 'focused on her career'. Her career as an administrator in a local factory.
Maybe it was because Emma was on her own that she clung to the group. Somehow, she always found out where and when they were meeting, and would wander in 'fashionably late', as if making a special guest appearance, awaiting adulation from the group. They were polite, which must have massaged her fragile ego.
That was why the small group was set up on a messaging app. Finally, somewhere to chat, away from Emma. Sadly, it still did not stop her appearing whenever they met. Someone MUST have been telling her.
The biggest problem was that she seemed to be very financially well off. She had a large house, designer clothes, an annoying small dog, a fancy car and some new body modification every time they saw her. She had magnificent hairstyles, pouting lips, fake tan (as orange as some politicians - and equally fake), tattoos, a tummy tuck, buttock lifts and breast implants - and all despite the personal trainer who visited her once a week to ensure she kept in shape.
When she walked into a room, every head turned, the men took in her stunning figure, looked at her sculpted face and coiffed hair, along with the layers of make-up, and after brief admiration, turned away. She looked high maintenance and artificial. As one husband in the group said: "If she was as hot as she thinks, the plastic'd melt."
Her values might have been fine with other superficial groups, but not the ante-natal group. Most were full-time mums or had part-time jobs to allow time for family. Their husbands had a range of jobs, from University lecturers on adequate salaries to factory workers, barely making ends meet. In the current financial crisis, all were struggling, but smiling, getting by as best they could, without excess spending and putting the needs of their families first.
The final straw was when she seduced one of their husbands. The marriage had not survived. The group learned later that, in all honesty, the marriage had been hanging by a thread anyway. He had shown little interest in his wife since their child was born, and had barely been there as a parent - he was either 'working late' or in the pub.
Emma had appeared in the pub one evening, and, according to witnesses (as both husband and wife were regulars), made a beeline for him. She was very 'touchy-feely', showed him her tattoos and, when he had imbibed several pints, began running her hand up and down his thigh, so close to the top that she must have touched his genitals. She had taken him outside, stating loudly that they were going to her house for a while.
Mary, his wife, had not been too bothered. She said that it was nice not to have two children to sort out every day, although she was livid with Emma for the ostentatious way she had handled the seduction. Both she and her husband had looked like fools, and she felt very uncomfortable about going to the pub again - a pub which she had visited a couple of times a week before that.
They met every month, wearing their outfits bought from supermarkets or charity shops, either for a walk or a coffee or - very occasionally - at the pub. Often partners would stay at home, but, just occasionally, they too would join in, especially if the meeting was in the daytime.
When the group met, things would begin with everyone chatting, then split off into male and female groups - the men discussing sport, work and bad jokes, while the women began talking about their children, before moving on to the inadequacies of their partners and their declining sex lives.
Then Emma would arrive. She would flit between the groups, seeking approval from the men while telling them about her latest body modification or showing them her tattoos (some were low on her breasts, others on her buttocks, one close to her groin) and regaling the women with tales of her lurid sex life, carried out via a swinging website, and her latest clothing/jewellery/holiday extravagance.
So the messaging group was established. Emma regularly featured in the conversations, with casual suggestions as to how to deflate her artificially inflated self-esteem. Gradually, however, these stopped being jokes, and became more forceful, and more real. It was Judy who eventually came up with an idea which met with approval, and steadily, the trap was set.
The get-together was going well. It was lovely weather in early Summer, and they had decided to go for a walk. Emma had appeared at the last minute in her usual designer outfit. She spent fifteen minutes telling Helen, Kathy and Karen how her clothing was made of recycled goods by a marvellous company and only cost a hundred and fifty pounds. For shorts, a t-shirt and gilet, that seemed absurd - until she added, in a stage whisper, when a couple of the men were close, that her underwear was far more expensive.
She then dropped back to talk to one of the men.
"So how much did your underwear cost?" He asked.
"Well," Emma smirked, "my bra was almost two hundred pounds, and my knickers were a hundred and twenty. Mind you, I'm happier with them off, to be honest."
Steve decided to ignore the hint and looked miserable. "I wish Judy'd wear something like that. Her bras are like scaffolding and her knickers are faded cotton with holes in the gusset and knackered elastic."
Emma laughed.
"No, really," said Steve, she doesn't make any effort. I've given up on any..." He stopped, aware that he might be giving too much information.
"Don't worry," encouraged Emma, "you can tell me. I'm very open-minded." She giggled. "I met a couple last week who were into all sorts. We did some bondage, anal, me and the wife had some fun. I'm bisexual, you know. Then we were both spanked. After that, we played some more and he had sex with both of us. I love being tied up, y'know - and spanked. It's a lot of fun. Have you tried it?"
Steve admitted he hadn't, but wished he could. "Judy's just not interested. Even if she were, we'd never do anything like that. With her, it's always been just a quickie, turn over, go to sleep. Half the time, we didn't take out pyjamas off."
"Oh dear," Emma tittered. "I would've offered to join you and give you a few tips, but sounds like she wouldn't be interested. Shame. You're a good-looking man, and she's OK. A bit flabby since the kids, and could've done a bit more to keep in shape, but OK. I'd have been happy to play with you. You should look up my profile."
She mentioned both the website and her user name - 'starlet 97' - and smiled, seductively. Well - Steve thought it was a smile - with all her botox, it was hard to be sure.
"Thanks," he smiled, wanly, "frankly, I have considered looking elsewhere, but I couldn't do it to the kids."
"There's plenty of married blokes on the site," Emma continued, "just a matter of being careful, really." She winked and strolled off to share her wisdom with Jane.
A few days later, Steve smiled. He had thought Emma was just teasing, but his message had received a reply.
"Hey. Glad you made it. If you decided to meet, let me know. We can be very discreet x"
Steve smiled to himself. He had registered on the site the day after his conversation with Emma, and immediately gone to her profile. She was offering herself as a twenty-six year old (seriously? Her son was ten), natural blonde (really?), with perfect curves (created in an operating theatre), up for anything 'with the right man, woman or couple'. Apparently, she liked bondage, anal, bdsm, adult parties, sex clubs, photos, videos, dressing up, exhibitionism and a few other choice activities.
Steve noted that she was 'open to persuasion' (presumably a euphemism for payment) and 420 friendly. He looked it up - it meant using drugs. The main emphasis was that everything was a one-time deal. She was determined to experience 'as much as possible and as many as many as possible'.
Steve had decided to send her a message - just to let her know he had followed his suggestion - saying:
"Hi. Thought I'd have a look here. It's amazing. Seem to be a lot of single men here, but I might get lucky. I've put up some pics, but think they might be a little tame, having looked at the others. Might do some naughtier ones - not good with selfies though. Just going to be careful, chat and maybe meet someone eventually. Not just yet though. Take care. Steve"
His profile had been quite vague - 'Just trying this out, but would love to meet easy-going lady for NSA fun. Might need to chat a bit as I'm quite nervous, but genuinely want this. I'm polite and respectful and very discreet. Never had complaints about my sexual performance. I play sports and am quite fit with an athletic body.'
He could sort it out later as he went along.
He took some photographs of his torso, and found some of himself on the beach. He also added a couple that Judy had taken of him in boxer shorts one night when they had been drunk and taken sexy photos of each other (they had ended up with sets of full naked photos, performing sexual acts, which had been a lot of fun). These clearly showed the outline of his semi-erect penis, and made it look quite impressive.
Emma's photos put his to shame. They looked professional. She wore a bikini, lingerie, all manner of sexy clothing, yet, surprisingly, none were too revealing, unlike many on the site, and there were none of her face. Some might have wondered if the photos had simply been downloaded from elsewhere, but Steve recognised the tattoos. They were definitely Emma, and he felt embarrassed looking at them.
Over the next few weeks, the messages flowed between them. Emma wanted Steve to upload more intimate photographs, but he said he was not ready. She offered to take the photos, saying he could take some of her, offering to pose naked. She said it could just be a photoshoot, nothing more if he preferred. He liked the idea, as photography was one of his hobbies, and said he would think about it. He had plenty of photos of himself naked - but...
Steve dug out his camera. He hadn't used it in a while. His chats with Emma had sparked his interest again, and he cleaned his lenses and camera body, recharged the batteries and started rediscovering his passion. He took photos around the house, went into the local countryside and even took a few in more populous settings in town and even the local supermarket. As he looked at the results, he decided he was actually quite good.
Still the messages flowed, Steve's agonising did not seem to frustrate Emma, and when the group met up on one occasion, she made a point of taking him aside and flirting, showing him a tattoo on her buttock, and another on her breast, which was so close to her nipple, he could actually see her areola. Only when Judy called him did he move away from her.
Finally, after almost two months, he sent a message.
"OK. Let's do it. Just the photos. Can we do it outdoors somewhere? You can't come here, and if anyone sees my car at yours, I'm fucked - and not in a good way. How about the nature reserve? Lots of private places there."
She replied almost immediately.
Starlet 97: "Sure. I'll wear sexy lingerie, a couple of nice outfits. Shall I bring some toys?"
Genguy86: "Can we do something a bit naughty? You get there on your own. I'm a photographer hiding in the bushes and see you. You decide to strip off and sunbathe. You start feeling sexy and use one of your toys. Then you spot me and make me come out and force me to pose for you. It's a sort of fantasy of mine. Is it kinky?"
Starlet 97: "Mmm... I like role play. You could wait till I'm there and I'll let you know where I am. Once you're in position, let me know and we can start. What if I tell you I want to do some photos with both of us? If it's proper role play we can follow it through to the end."
Genguy86: "I suppose so. Perhaps see how it goes. Are you talking about sex?"
Starlet 97: "Well. If I'm in charge, could be anything. Does your camera have an automatic setting?"
Genguy86: "I think so. Just checking. Yes. Can take photos every 10 secs or 30 secs. Is that what you meant?"
Starlet 97: "Perfect. So we can both be in the pictures. Mmm... all sorts of possibilities. I love role play, but only if it's followed through properly."
Genguy86: "I suppose so. I'll try, but if it's too much for me, I might run."
Starlet 97: "Lol. I'll take it slow and gentle. Don't worry. I'll be very discreet. Shall we say next Thursday? 2:00?"
Genguy86: "I'll book an afternoon off work. Gotta go. Kids around. Probably chat before Thurs."
Starlet 97: "If we don't chat, I'll leave my number here for you on Weds."
Genguy86: "OK. Bye x"
Starlet 97: "Bye x"
He logged off and sat back. It sounded fun. Plenty of sexy photos, and he wouldn't have to do a thing. No way could she make him.
The days passed until Thursday, and Steve avoided going on line until Wednesday night. After Judy had gone to bed, however, he checked in and found that she had, as promised, left her phone number. He had half hoped that she would not get in touch - after all, without the number, the role play would not happen, and he could avoid turning up. Now, there was no way out without losing face.
The following day, he got up early and placed his camera in the boot of his car before Judy was up, and when she appeared, was making coffee. He then popped upstairs to wake their son for school, while Judy sorted out breakfast.
His morning dragged, and by the time he had his usual sandwich for lunch, he was feeling very turned on. When he arrived at the nature reserve car park, fifteen minutes before the agreed time, he was pleased to see just one car - Emma's BMW i8 Roadster - parked up. He pulled in at the opposite end of the carpark, retrieved his camera case from the boot and took out his phone and began to text.
Steve: I'm in the car park. Where are you?
Emma: By the lake. Go down the path till you get to the woods. Keep going till you see a little path between two white trees. On your right. Follow the path and it gets to a little clear bit by the lake. I'm there. Tell me when you're ready xx
He fired off another quick text and set off, striding confidently.
He reached the birch trees (which he assumed was what Emma meant by 'white trees' and left the path. He followed a narrow but clear trail, and finally spotted a clear space on the bank of the lake. In the middle, Emma was sitting on a picnic rug. She looked amazing, in a stylish skirt and top, her hair styled beautifully for the occasion, and wearing high heels, which she must have put on after she arrived.
Beside her, instead of her usual designer handbag was a much larger canvas bag, with 'Christian Dior' written on the side. Steve was inquisitive, and opened his phone to see if this apparently normal bag was as expensive as her usual accessories. His eyes popped at a price tag of over two thousand pounds. He set up his camera, fixed the lens and took a couple of test shots, just to ensure that he would get the photos he wanted.
He looked around the clearing, just to make certain that no-one else was in sight, and sent Emma a text.
Steve: Ready when you are.
Emma looked around, smiled and stretched. Her breasts pushed against the fabric of her top, nipples very evident. She stood and scratched her leg, raising her skirt to show that she wore stockings, rather than tights. Then she made a show of looking around.
She bent down, presenting her artificially bubbly buttocks perfectly. She reached into her bag and took something out. At first Steve was unsure what it was. He zoomed in on it, and his stomach flipped as he saw a large, rabbit vibrator. This was perfect. Was she really planning to masturbate for him? It seemed that she was.
His phone vibrated in his pocket. He took it out to see if it needed a reply. It was just Judy. He read it quickly and returned the phone to his pocket.
Emma placed the vibrator beside her and began to unbutton her top, slowly. As it fell open, her hands reached inside, rubbing over her breasts, head back, pinching her rigid nipples through the fabric - either Agent Provocateur, or Fleur of England, and those tended to be her preferred lingerie brands. It made Judy's 'George at Asda' underwear look very bland.
As Steve took photos, she slipped the top off, folded it and looked around again. She did not look towards Steve, so he was confident that he was still hidden.
She reached behind her and unzipped her skirt. She slid it down her legs, bending forwards to offer a tempting view of her arse, covered by delicate lace, high legged, framing each buttock and sliding between her cheeks a little. He could see the tattoos - designs based on eastern mythologies and texts, which his wife joked were probably expletives.
Emma lay back on her rug, stretching like a cat in the sun. She returned to fingering her nipples with one hand, first stroking, then pinching each one, bringing them erect beneath their thin covering. Her other hand slipped down the front of her knickers, and although hidden, the rise and fall of the delicate lace made it clear that she was stroking her pussy.
After a few minutes of rolling into various poses, she withdrew her hands from her underwear, placing the one that had been stroking beneath her panties in her mouth, licking off whatever sweet tasting juices she had produced.
Having cleaned her hand, she reached behind her and unhooked her bra. Once again, she made a show of looking around before slipping the straps off her shoulders to reveal her outsized breasts. Steve zoomed in, and found that they were really not to his taste. Certainly, they were large. He liked large breasts. But the texture was wrong. He liked Judy's soft, pliant boobs, which dropped when she took her bra off.
He continued taking photographs, reflecting on these artificial breasts. To his eye, they looked 'wrong', as if someone had taken two over-inflated balloons and moulded them to a flat surface, using papier-mâché. If he focused quite closely, there were also very clear scars. He wondered if these were 'top of the range' implants, as Emma claimed, or a rather cheaper job. He suspected the latter.
She began massaging the immobile orbs, pulling her nipples, drawing them up into sharp points, before lowering her hands to her remaining item of clothing. Once again, she looked around. Steve had concluded that she was not actually looking for him, but that the looks were for the camera, simply part of her role as a woman stripping in a public place, feeling sexy and checking she was not being observed.
She stripped off her panties, revealing an entirely smooth pubis - waxed hairless on a regular basis, Steve guessed. She spread her legs wide, dropped her hand to touch herself.
With the fingers of one hand, she opened her labia - thankfully facing the camera, giving Steve perfect shots of her open pussy. He wondered if she had had some remodelling done down there, because it looked perfect. Her lips were puffy, but not excessively so, neat and tidy, more like a biology text book than most of the women he had 'inspected'.
Using a zoom lens, he was able to pick out her clitoris, peeking through the inner folds, but this was quickly obscured by a finger, touching the sensitive spot, making her draw her knees up and arch her back.
As Steve watched, Emma writhed, tensed and relaxed with pleasure. He wondered, again, if this was more performance than genuine. Certainly, any lover would be unsure whether or not he was driving her towards orgasm or an Oscar.
Then she stopped, rolled over, and stuck her bum in the air. This time, she masturbated 'doggy-style', fingers running up and down her slit, slipping into her vagina, while the inflated cheeks of her arse spread open. Once again, Steve compared to Judy. Her bum was not as tight, or firm, or inflated, but nor did it give the impression that one flex could snap a cock off.
One fact he liked, as he zoomed in close on Emma's anus, was that the skin leading to the hole was not brown, but matched her fake tan. He guessed she was bleached, and someone ensured that the tan was applied to an exceptional level of intimacy. Maybe he should suggest it to Judy. Certainly, it would make their 'anal' moments more aesthetically pleasing for him.
Because there was a fact about which Steve had lied. He and Judy had a very active sex life. They fucked several times a week, and were well beyond the 'vanilla' activities which most would assume. They enjoyed anal sex, Judy loved being spanked, tied up, having her hair pulled. She was quite an exhibitionist as well, and would happily have posed for a photoshoot like this one, probably hoping that someone else would catch her.
Steve and Judy had, over the years, experimented with swinging, and had a group of friends with whom they played regularly - every couple of months or so. They liked threesomes with other women, playing with couples and the occasional larger party.
Steve had his own little 'kink', of which Judy was very aware. He had indulged it a couple of times, but when they lay in bed, minds open in post-coital bliss, discussing their fantasies, he had told her how he wanted to take it further. Sadly, what he wanted was rather unlikely to happen.
In fact, Steve and Judy had a very 'creative' sex life, and just one rule - whatever they did, they did it together. No secrets. Which was why he felt a bit guilty about this.
Steve felt himself getting hard as he thought, and refocused on Emma and his job as photographer.
She had reached into her large, designer bag and pulled out several sex toys. There was a large dildo - a realistic one, which looked about ten inches long; a wand - a shiny red one, with black latex head; a butt plug - a plastic jewel on the top, designed for pleasure and to make her bum look pretty.
She resumed her 'doggy' position and slipped in the butt plug, which caught the sunlight. Steve wondered if it was at risk of being broken.
She slipped the wand into her clitoris and pushed her backside even higher into the air. Steve could hear her now, gasping and moaning theatrically as the wand slipped over the well-lubricated flesh, her labia pouting prettily on either side.
He thought she was going to orgasm, but instead, she rolled on to her back, spreading her legs wide, and pressed the dildo to her open vagina. It slipped in smoothly and easily, and Steve wondered if her cunt was looser, like Judy's, after having children, or if it had been returned to its pre-childbirth tightness either through regular workouts to strengthen her pelvic floor, or (more likely) some other surgery.
With one hand, she drew the dildo in and out in long, steady movements. With the other, she applied the wand to her clitoris. Her sighs mounted, becoming cries of apparent ecstasy. Suddenly, with an almighty scream, she came. Her orgasm (largely for effect, Steve suspected) was impressive - screams, moans, bucks and writhes combining - as liquid flowed over her thighs.
She stopped quite suddenly, removed the dildo and began licking along its length. Steve was unconvinced. In his experience, women didn't just 'stop' having orgasms, they liked to relax, enjoy 'aftershocks', as Judy called them, and come down slowly. Still. Even if it was all an act, the photographs would be good enough. Perhaps it wasn't an act. Maybe all her body modifications had affected the way she experienced orgasms - or maybe she was just different.
His phone buzzed. Judy again. He shot back a quick text message and drew a deep breath.
He stood, still with his camera in front of his face and approached as Emma pretended to cover herself, feigned embarrassment, then anger for his benefit. Finally, she relaxed.
"Your turn, mister photographer."
He felt his stomach churn. His uncertainty must have shown, as Emma went on: "You'd better keep to our agreement. If you don't, I'll tell people you're a peeping tom. I'll say you crept up on me with your camera, after following me from the car park. Even if you delete the photos, the CCTV in the car park will show you following with your camera. Even if people don't believe me, mud sticks and you'll be covered in it."
He had no idea if her threat was idle or real, but either way, it was a risk he could not take. He had to go along with it. At least it was his camera, so she could never share the photos. He resigned himself to his fate. He just hoped he would be able to get hard - he really did not find Emma attractive, and nerves could play havoc with blood flow.
He handed her the camera. She inspected it briefly, and snapped off a couple of shots of him, fully-clothed. She then took her phone and moved next to him, taking a selfie of the two of them - him fully clothed, her naked. He cringed. He wasn't naked, but that photo alone would be sufficient to send Judy into a massive rage.
He thought of his wife again, desperately wishing she would suddenly appear and rescue him.
"Hmm..." began Emma, "let's start with you naked. Men don't strip well, and you're probably wearing cheap underwear with nasty stains, so we can skip the stripping bit. Just take your clothes off and I'll take some photos as you do."
Steve gulped. He knew she was right. He had no interest in fashion, and his t-shirt and shorts were from the supermarket, as were his boxers. The boxers must have been about a year old, and were baggy and ill-fitting. He didn't think there were any stains, though he had been for a pee earlier, and might not have shaken off properly.
He pulled off his t-shirt, still desperately hoping Judy would appear. It seemed not just unlikely, but impossible. Still. He could hope.
He removed his trainers and socks, then prepared to slip off his shorts. To this point, although he had been nervous and hated doing this, he had not felt especially embarrassed. He knew his body was quite good. He worked out at the gym each day and played sport, so he was muscular and toned. He had, in fact, been told on several occasions that he was good-looking. He rather hoped that Emma would be impressed by his body.
She looked him over, critically. "Not bad. A bit pale. You could do with a tan, but not bad. I usually prefer my men hairless, but you'll do. It's the next bit that's the big test. I don't put it on that site, where you find me, but I like my men well-endowed. Very well-endowed. I won't get into bed for less than nine inches."
Steve knew he could not compete in that department. His penis was larger than average, and there had never been complaints, but he could never stretch his eight inches. Maybe his more than adequate girth would impress her, but he doubted it.
"Come on then. Let's see what you've got."
Steve swallowed and felt his face heat up as he blushed. His hands went to his waistband, and he was about to reveal all, when he decided on one last appeal.
"Look, Emma, I really don't want to do this. I haven't got nine inches, so you won't be impressed. Why don't we just call this off now. I won't tell anyone, won't show the photos. Can we just stop?"
She laughed. "Fuck off. I did my bit, now it's your turn. I might fuck you anyway, never know your luck."
"But I don't want to fuck you. Sorry, but you're really not my type. I mean... yes, you might look great, but I prefer Judy, and a more... natural look."
She flushed an unpleasant puce, clearly annoyed. "You mean, because I try to improve myself, try to make myself look good, you think you can judge me. I've enhanced my body. Made it better to change all the flaws I had before. I know it needs more, but it's getting there. All those other women would do it like a shot if they had the chance."
One last hope for Steve. "I'm sorry, Emma, they wouldn't. They're content being themselves. They accept imperfections - and so do I. As a man, I prefer imperfection. I think you have body dysmorphia, and you've become obsessed with changing every little thing about yourself."
She glowered. "Like I haven't heard that before. And like I haven't heard men admiring big boobs, firm arses, flat stomachs. I know what people want to see and I'm getting there. When I'm ready, I'll share with everyone. Till then I'm keeping it to a select few."
Steve resisted the temptation to point out that her behaviour suggested that she was hardly keeping to a 'select few', but also felt a real sympathy for the first time. He knew she would never feel 'perfect', regardless of how much she changed herself. He was reminded of a former model who had had so much body modification that she became a joke to many. Emma, he decided, was obsessed with being 'media perfect', if not addicted.
Then she looked at him. "You know," she said, "you could do with some work. Maybe on your abs and pecs. I'll let you know about glutes - and your face could be tightened up a bit. You look pretty OK now, but you could look amazing - move on from Judy - find someone like me."
She didn't get it, Steve realised. Her suggestion appalled him, but he felt it best to say nothing - although if she wanted him to get an erection, it was becoming harder (no - more difficult) all the time.
He smiled, defusing the tension. "OK, Emma. We have to agree to differ. I hope you find what you're looking for, but I don't think those things are for me. Besides, I haven't got the money."
She calmed, visibly. "Shame. You could get a loan. You'd earn the money back in no time - amazing what a confidence boost can do for your career. My surgeon said he was trudging along on hospital pay before he had work done..."
Steve smiled again. "Thanks for the advice, I'll think about it. I've no intention of moving on from Judy and the kids though. I'm happy."
Now Emma smiled. "If you're so happy, why are you on that website looking for women to fuck?"
He could have answered, but despite what was happening, still held his counsel. "Touche. But sex isn't everything. I love Judy, and really don't want to hurt her in any way."
"Well," vamped Emma, "in that case you'd better strip off those shorts and start doing as you're told - otherwise, she might just get to see that photo of us together."
Reluctantly, he slipped his shorts off, allowing his flaccid penis to flop out. Instinctively, he covered it with his hands, causing Emma to laugh.
"Hands by your sides. Let's have a look."
He dropped his hands, gazing into the surrounding bushes. He hoped someone would appear - anyone - just to stop this, but it was an isolated spot, and they were unlikely to be found.
Emma gazed at his cock and frowned. Then she took several photographs, close-ups and full body, and pouted.
"Does it work? You do actually get hard, don't you? How can you not be hard after watching me cum?"
He was tempted to tell her the real reason, but decided to equivocate.
"Sorry. Yes, it does get hard - just needs a bit more physical stimulation rather than just visual." It was a lie - when Judy posed for his camera in lingerie, stripped seductively and used toys on herself, he would get rock hard very quickly - then move on to physical stuff.
Emma seemed dubious, but accepted his comment. "OK. Let's get a few pics of Mr Floppy - and your ass - then we can make him hard."
She directed him into a series of poses, standing, sitting, lying, then told him to turn round. She reaffirmed her view that his glutes 'could be improved', but snapped several photos. Then she told him to bend over and spread his cheeks. He did as she said. He quivered with embarrassment. With Judy, he would have had no problem - anal worked both ways, but alone, with this woman who had subjugated him, he hated it.
He did as she ordered, then was directed to drop to his knees, put his head on the ground and 'open wide'. He wondered if this was real pleasure for her, or if it was just to prove her dominance. Still, He had no choice - and, after all, he had similar photos of her.
Then she moved in front of him. "Right. Time to get you hard. Hope he gets bigger than that." Hardly helping. "Lie down and play with yourself - like you would normally to get hard."
Steve reached down and began to manipulate himself. He thought of Judy. He remembered the times he had seen her naked - her perfect breasts, puffy pussy lips, her clit peeking out - and steadily, he began to get hard. He needed more.
He was semi-hard and focused on more sexual images of his wife. He pictured her with one of their female friends, lying back as she had her pussy worked by a vibrator. The other woman was sucking on an erect nipple. Then he remembered a foursome - Judy bent over on her knees, sucking the cock of another man, while he moved behind her, fucking her pussy first, then withdrawing and sliding into her anus.
He was rock hard. Emma looked at his member, critically.
"It's not bad. Given the choice, I prefer a bit larger - but I don't have a choice today."
She directed him through a series of poses, some holding his erection, others where it was in full view.
"Suck it." Emma demanded. "You know, put your legs over your head and see if you can get the head in your mouth."
"That's impossible," Steve stated, "I'd never manage that."
"Go on. Do it."
He closed his eyes and braced himself. It was not just the act of doing it that bothered him - he had actually sucked another man's cock when it turned out one couple they met were both bisexual, so sucking his own was no issue. What bothered him was the view she would get. However, he had no real choice.
He put his shoulders on the ground, lifted his legs in the air and brought them over his head, as if mid way through a backward roll. His cock loomed in front of his face. He did not think he had ever seen himself so close.
"Push down," said Emma, "you're very close. And I can see right up your asshole. Maybe I'll put something in it. What d'you think?"
He was incapable of speech, but tried to grunt his dissent at her suggestion. He did not mind anal penetration - in fact, he and Judy had experimented many times, and he rather enjoyed it - but with Emma, it would be wrong.
"Ooh! Stick out your tongue. You can lick it."
He did as she told him, and, indeed, he managed to lick his glans, touching the small hole and finding a slightly salty taste. Pre-cum, he assumed.
Emma pointed the camera at his face, capturing him licking his own cock, then stood and continued to photograph his arse. Suddenly the camera noise stopped.
"Stay there," she said, "Shan't be a second."
She dashed off and reappeared a minute later. She showed him what she holding - the dildo she had used on herself earlier and a tube of lubricant. Carefully, as he watched, she coated the dildo with a layer of oily lube. Then she stood.
At first, he felt some pressure, then a sliding sensation, and the dildo was inside him, brushing his prostate, sending sparks through his mind. She began sliding it in and out. He couldn't help himself. It felt incredible.
She laughed. "That's fun. Get on your hands and knees. It'll be easier that way."
He did as she said. She continued sliding the latex tube in and out, brushing his P-spot, making him moan and put his head back in pleasure.
"Oh, god," he cried - then suddenly stopped. There was a crashing through the undergrowth, and suddenly, there stood Judy, along with three of her friends. He was speechless. He just stared at them.
"What the fuck is going on?" Judy yelled.
Emma leapt back, covering her breasts and pussy with her arms. She dropped to the floor, hiding herself with her knees and one hand, grabbing her clothes.
"You fuck off, you little slut. If I ever see you again, I'll fucking kill you."
Emma ran, whimpering. Her solid, enhanced buttocks barely wobbling as she disappeared, shame-faced utterly mortified.
Steve couldn't move. He just stayed where he was, on hands and knees with a dildo stuck up his arse.
Judy collapsed, laughing hysterically.
"I'm so sorry," she giggled, "couldn't resist it."
"Thanks a fucking lot," Steve grumbled, "you were supposed to be her while she was naked. Where've you been?"
"We've been watching." she tittered. "Ever since you told me your fantasy of being naked in front of my friends, I've wanted to make it come true. Now I have. The others didn't want to come - a bit much for them - so it's just these three. Come on, stand up. Oh - hang on."
She reached down and slid the dildo out.
Slowly, he stood. This had, indeed, been one of his fantasies, but he wanted it to remain like that. Still - one more off the bucket list. He felt his face glow red as his wife and her friends gazed at his erection, swinging gently from side to side as he waited to see what would happen next.
"Anyone want to touch it?" Judy asked. "Feel free - have a stroke, a little suck maybe."
Janice stepped forward. She was a pretty little redhead with large, green eyes which were almost hypnotic.
As she circled his shaft with her fingers, she looked up at him, and began stroking. Her other hand cupped his balls. She looked down, admiring him, then dropped to her knees, taking him in her mouth, bobbing her head back and forth, demonstrating skill which her innocent disposition had made seem unlikely.
Beth and Maggie followed. Beth was a plump, smiley woman with huge boobs and a penchant for low cut tops. She stroked him, then lifted her top and placed his rigid manhood under the middle of her bra, trapping it between the soft flesh of her breasts. She moved up and down, then reached behind her, unclipped her bra and pressed her tits around his rock-hard cock. He began to thrust between them and she looked up at him, giggling, before pulling back, lowering her top and taking him in her mouth.
Her blow job was not great - he had to move his hips back and forth, as she seemed not to want to move. Still, just being in her mouth was quite a turn on.
Maggie was very slim and petite - another brunette - her tits were tiny, and she rarely wore a bra, and today was no exception. Her erect nipples were blatantly obvious, and as she approached him, she stripped off her t-shirt, showing small swellings, with long, dark nipples protruding almost as far as the breasts themselves.
"That's better," she stated, bloody material was starting to chafe."
She, too, stroked and sucked Steve, while his wife stood to one side, grinning. Judy had set up her phone on a small tripod so she could video the event, and was using the camera to take plenty of photographs, so she and Steve could relive his fantasy whenever they chose.
"Why don't you lie down, Steve, and let them finish you off."
He lay back on the floor, and watched as the two women who were not already topless stripped off t-shirts and bras - less for sexual reasons, but because they really did not want cum on their tops. It might be hard to explain at home.
He stared at Beth's oversized, jiggling orbs, above her soft, rounded stomach. Her nipples were small, solid mounds, set on large, pale areolae. Her stomach was spilling over the top of her shorts, roll of excess fat pushing up against her boobs, which spread wide as they hung. Steve liked curvy women (he liked all shapes, provided they weren't extreme), and he found her jelly-like tits fascinating.
Janice looked amazing. Like most redheads, her skin was pale. Her nipples were a well defined deep pink, and her areolae, which would have been pale on most women, were beautifully evident against her alabaster skin. He guessed she wore a B cup, and she had a gorgeous body. She also had stretch marks, following the birth of her children, and Steve reflected that these 'tiger stripes' marked her as a woman, rather than the naïve youngster she seemed to be on first sight.
Of the three of them, he found Janice the most attractive. She was the youngest, still in her late twenties, having had her first child at nineteen and now with a family of three kids. Until one saw the stretch marks, she could easily be mistaken for a first year University student.
Beth Knelt by his head, feeding a nipple into his mouth, while stroking his stomach and chest, while Maggie knelt on the other side, copying Beth's hand movements and placing her tit against Beth's, so Steve could alternate from one to the other.
He was delighted that Janice had chosen to finish him off - partly because he found her the most attractive, but also because she did the best the blowjob.
She began stroking his cock vigorously, and Steve looked down, through the sea of breasts in his face, and watched Janice work towards his orgasm, her hand almost a blur and her boobs wobbling frantically. She looked up at him, her emerald eyes staring into his, and he wondered if she would be up for a threesome with him and Judy some time. From the look on her face, the answer was definitely affirmative.
She dipped her head and began to suck him. She was so good. Her head bobbed up and down and he felt her tongue swirling around his glans. He knew he could not last much longer.
As Janice worked, the other women watched her, while he attended to their rock-hard nipples, head raised to watch the wavy red hair rippling as it tickled his crotch.
His breathing changed, and he emitted a groan. The two women kneeling alongside his head uttered words of encouragement, now desperate to see his semen explode into the air in a creamy fountain of cum.
"Oh, yes," moaned Steve, "god, yes."
Janice withdrew her head and used her hand, rubbing vigorously, forcing him to shoot his load. And he did. He ejaculated high into the air, causing the women to gasp, Beth and Maggie clapping their hands as his orgasm, enhanced by the stimulation of his prostate before, erupted.
The three women watched in awe, as first one spurt, then another and another shot into the air, landing on his stomach. Each ejaculation was smaller than the last, and as the fourth reached barely an inch above his glans, Janice dipped her head again, sucking out cum and swallowing.
Janice withdrew quickly, allowing first Maggie, then Beth to suck from his dribbling cock. All three then lowered their heads, licking his stomach, cleaning up the off-white gel from his muscular abs, and revisiting his shaft, glans and balls to ensure no drop was wasted.
The women knelt up to admire their work, staring at Steve's twitching member as it gradually receded.
"Thanks, ladies," announced Judy, "that's a wrap."
They retrieved their bras and tops and dressed, taking last looks at Steve. Maggie and Beth focused on his penis, while Janice, after a quick glance at his cock and balls, looked directly into his eyes.
After a few seconds, which seemed like hours to Steve, they stood, turned and walked off together, chatting as if they had just been on a standard walk in the country.
"You can get dressed now," announced Judy, "then let's go home. I need fucking, and you'd better be up for it, or I'll be phoning round the guys we know."
Steve dressed meekly.
On the way home, Judy explained how she had decided to combine two plans - the one to get rid of Emma from their group permanently, and the one to make Steve's fantasy come true.
They had been playing a game, and when he lost, she had told him to tell her his greatest sexual fantasy. When one of the group suggested using him as 'bait' in their plan to get rid of Emma, Judy had confided his fantasy. The three who turned up had responded enthusiastically to the idea, and when Judy suggested making his fantasy come true, had been up for it immediately. The others had either said there was no way the would be involved, or been unsure and turned down the chance once they had thought about it.
Steve stayed silent as she spoke, considering whether to be angry or delighted. The truth was, he had loved it, and would happily do it again if asked - but still, he was a little put out at being deceived.
His anger soon dissipated, however, once they got home. Judy made up for any lingering annoyance, and he could hardly be annoyed and fuck her vigorously.
Afterwards, they lay in bed together, her head on his chest as her hand stroked his spent cock.
"Mmm... that was nice," she breathed, "maybe we should invite Janice to join us some time. I saw how you looked at her - and, well, I've always wanted to try her myself."
Steve nodded. It was worth a try. He pictured his wife and Janice together, playing with each other's tits, licking one another's cunt, then turning to him. Two mouths round his cock, two pussies wanting fucking. He began to stiffen again.
"I'll call her tomorrow," Judy mumbled, licking his shaft, "but for now, let's be happy with one another." She took his head in her mouth, as he lay back, relaxing, letting her do the work. Yes. For now, the two of them would be just fine - but soon...