This is the latest in a series of stories about Hank and his wife's sister Heather. Check out my profile for others.
* * *
Hank was really looking forward to the trip down south with his wife to visit her sister. It would be the first time he had see Heather since their encounter at his house three months before.
They hadn't talked since then, or exchanged any emails, so Hank wasn't sure what kind of reception to expect. Maybe she regretted her actions at his house last time. But if she was upset, she probably would have said something to Hank's wife, her sister. But Hank knew she hadn't.
Hank couldn't stop thinking about all they did that last trip. He masturbated to the memory of their first fuck just about every night. He could replay every move, smell every scent, and remember the feeling of his cock filling up her tight cunt as if it were just yesterday.
As soon as Heather and her husband bought their new boat they immediately invited Hank and his wife out to see it. So, if there was any regret about their behavior last time, Heather surely wouldn't have invited him so soon, would she?
Ultimately, it didn't matter. Hank and his wife Amy showed up at Heather's lakeside house on a hot 85-degree day, abnormally warm for early April.
"Hey sister!" Heather said as she greeted Amy at the door. She hugged her sister as Hank stood behind her with their bags. "And there's Hank," Heather said turning to him. "So nice to see you again."
Heather stepped up and embraced Hank. As her sister walked in the house, Heather didn't say anything but instead licked the inside of Hank's ear. The feel of her tongue, and her hot breathe in his ear, caused Hank to get hard instantly. Obviously, he had his answer.
"Hey you guys, Mike is already down at the boat waiting for us. Change into your bathing suits right away and we can head down there," Heather said as she let go of Hank and followed her sister into the house. She was wearing shorts and a T-shirt but Hank could see straps of her bikini underneath it, so she was ready to go.
Hank and Amy headed to the guest bedroom and quickly changed. Hank had to turn his back to Amy so she couldn't see his still-present erection caused by Heather's surprise ear probe.
Hank and Amy met Heather outside and they began the short walk to the lake where the boat was docked. Heather's husband Mike was there waiting.
"Hey guys!" he called out. "Who's ready to go swimming?"
Hank's wife Amy loved to swim. Him, not so much. Hank brought a book to read.
"Wow, what a great boat!" Amy said. "Is the water warm? I would love to go for a swim."
"Yes, it's great," Mike said. "I'm definitely getting in. What about you Hank?"
"Nah, I think I'll just read my book. Are you getting in, Heather?"
"I think I'll work on my tan," Heather said as they climbed onto the boat. It was a 30-foot Sunray, with a cabin below deck and a large bow perfect to lay out and get some sun.
Mike piloted the boat way out into the middle of the lake, far from anyone else. The sun shined down brightly, making everyone comfortable in their swimming gear. Hank, of course, was most interested in what Heather chose to wear and he was not disappointed. She had on a barely there string bikini, which seemed painted onto her tight ass and 34B breasts.
As for Hank, he didn't have on anything special, just your normal old swimming trunks and no shirt.
Once the boat was anchored, Heather lay a towel down on the deck of the boat. Mike and Amy eagerly jumped into the water, swimming at the front of the boat. Hank and Heather couldn't see them because the bow of the boat stuck out too far.
Heather lay down on her stomach and Hank stood right behind her enjoying the view. Her bikini bottom perfectly framed her tight ass. It rode high on her butt, revealing the bottom edges of her ass. He was so close, her could see goose pimples on her ass when a cloud briefly covered up the sun. She lay with her legs together and her arms in front of her cradling a book.
"You like our boat?" Heather asked without turning around or moving her head from her book.
"Yeah, it's great," Hank said, continuing to stare at her ass.
"You like the view?" Heather asked, slowly spreading her legs apart.
"I am enjoying the view," Hank said, staring between Heather's legs as she slowly moved them apart. "I just wish I could see more."
"You know, it's funny," Heather said, still looking at her book as her legs were now wide apart on her beach towel. "I just bought this swimsuit and it just doesn't seem to fit me right."
"Oh yeah," Hank said, moving even closer. "What's wrong with it?"
"Well," Heather said. "The bottoms just seem to ride up on me and I constantly have to readjust them."
As she was talking, she reached back with her right hand and slid her index finger underneath the edge of her bikini, lifting it up from her skin. Hank had a perfect view of her ass as she pulled the bikini down a couple inches to cover more of her skin.
"Yeah, that must be a pain," Hank said. He could hear his wife and Heather's husband laughing and talking in the water below them as they swam.
"It's not so bad," Heather said. "But this fabric is also a little itchy."
And with that, she reached back with her left hand and pulled the bikini to one side, revealing her twat to Hank. The view was his favorite to see, from behind, with her cunt pressing down against the towel, her ass in the air. Her pubic hair was trimmed, nearly shaved, he could see, and the sight of her pussy lips in the open air just a couple feet away from him made his cock spring to attention.
"How do you like the view now?" Heather asked, still not turning around.
"Mmm. Much better," Hank said. "I need to take some pictures for my scrapbook."
"Go for it," Heather said.
Hank got out his phone and began snapping away, zomming in on her exposed cunt. He was cock throbbed.
Heather rocked her body back and forth and spread her legs even more. That caused her pussy lips to open ever so slightly. Hank could see the bright pink inside of her vagina. His cock was fully erect and tough to hide inside the unforgiving swimming trunks.
"How about now?" Heather asked.
"The best yet," Hank said. "I see this boat has a cabin. What's it like down there?"
"Are you trying to get me to go down there with you while my sister and my husband are distracted?" Heather asked with a smile.
"Yup," Hank said.
Heather rolled over quickly onto her stomach and then sprang up on her feet.
"Let me show you," she said. Heather's gaze was instantly drawn to Hank's obvious boner. She kept her eyes on it as she walked past him, allowing her arm to briefly graze his throbbing cock. Just the slight touch of her skin against him, even though the fabric of his trunks was a buffer, almost led Hank to cum on the spot. He was extremely turned on.
He followed Heather through the sliding glass door to the boat's cabin. The door had the type of glass that allowed those inside to see out, but no one outside could see in. Hank closed the door behind him and descended the three stairs where Heather stood waiting for him.
"You seem a little excited," Heather said, looking down at Hank's erect cock and then back up at his face.
"I am," Hank said. "What are you going to do about it?"
Heather didn't say anything but instead got down on her knees with her face directly in front of his bulge, which seemed to be struggling to burst out of his trunks. Heather reached up and grabbed the laces of his trunks, slowly untying the loose knot. She reached inside the waistband of his trunks, which were easily loosened, and pulled them down.
Hank's 7-inch cock popped to attention. It was fully erect and throbbing just inches from Heather's face, almost begging her to provide some relief.
"Hurry up," Hank said. "We don't have much time."
Before he could finish his last sentence, Heather swallowed his massive dick, getting the whole shaft into her mouth. She played with his balls with her right hand as she masterfully sucked his manhood. She worked her head up and down on his shaft, sucking it with such force that Hank could not hold out for long. It only took seconds before he exploded in her mouth.
"Jesus, Heather," he said as he came. "Oh my god."
Three, four then five massive ejaculations shot out of his dick and into Heather's warm mouth. She easily gulped them all down, like someone lost in the dessert dying for hydration. After the last burst of hot cum from Hank's dick, Heather came up for a breathe, then licked the tip of his cock to get the remaining cum that was dripping off the end.
"I think I hear them," Hank said. He looked up at the door and saw his wife toweling herself off. Heather jumped up quickly and moved toward the stairs. "Stay here," she said.
Heather opened the door and came out on the deck of the boat. Her husband came over.
"Hey babe, great day for a swim." He grabbed Heather around the waist and gave her a long kiss on the lips, her mouth still full of the taste and smell of Hank's cum. She opened her mouth and let Mike's tongue slide in. It made her wet as he kissed her, not knowing that she had just given her sister's husband a blow job and his cum was still coating her teeth.
It made her so wet, in fact, a spot came through her bikini. Amy saw it and smiled at Heather.
"Enjoy that kiss?" she asked.
"Oh yeah," Heather said. "I'm having a great day."