Making Friends
Walking briskly through her house toward the front door, Andrea paused in the hallway to look at her reflection in the mirrored closet door. She brushed her hair over her shoulder and smoothed her short, pleated summer skirt. Her white tank top was tight on her thin torso, and she had decided to forgo a bra. She turned sideways to admire the way her breasts sat high and perky on her chest, the thin cotton of the tank top clinging to her soft curves. Although the day was hot, her house was cool thanks to the air conditioning, and she smiled naughtily as she pinched her nipples through her top, causing them to poke out obviously.
She heard her doorbell ring a second time. She was excited about seeing her guest, and reached for the door to open it for them.
It had been a few weeks since Andrea had visited Dean at his office. She had initially gone there just to tease him, dressing in sexy office attire, but things had escalated and she wound up taking most of her clothes off and giving him a blowjob. It had been a shock when his secretary Natalie had barged in just when Dean was ejaculating into Andrea's mouth and across her breasts. She had been lying on his desk, blouse open, bra pulled down, skirt hiked up, sucking Dean's big cock as he fingered her pussy. She was so exposed, and there was no hiding what was going on.
The whole experience had thrilled her, and even emboldened her. She had calmly cleaned Dean's cock with her mouth, got dressed, and walked out past Natalie as they both watched, stunned. She had actually been glad that Natalie came in and got to see them in such a compromising position. Even now, as she opened the door, she got goosebumps and felt a tingle in her groin at the memory.
"Hi sweetie! You found the place ok?" she said cheerfully, greeting her guest.
"Hey! Yeah, it was no problem," replied Natalie.
After the whole office blowjob incident, Andrea had visited Dean almost regularly, meeting him for lunch, or an after work drink. She had teased him with her outfits, and flirted shamelessly with him, but nothing sexual had happened since that day. She knew he wanted her, and she wanted him, but it was a game to them, and they would both have to wait until one or the other made the next move.
As a result of visiting Dean's office, she had seen quite a lot of Natalie, and despite the initial embarrassment and awkwardness, they had become fast friends. The three of them had had many after work drinks and lunches together, and Andrea had even had several coffee and shopping outings with just Natalie. No one had yet raised the subject of the blowjob, but it seemed to have caused them to form an unspoken bond, like friends sharing a naughty secret.
It being a weekend, Andrea had invited Natalie to her house for the afternoon. She extended her arms to Natalie who leaned in for a hug and kiss on the cheek. She felt Natalie's large breasts press against hers as they embraced. Her groin tingled again.
"I'm so glad you could come over. I was so bored today and wanted someone to hang out with for the afternoon," she said to Natalie.
"Thanks for having me, hun," Natalie replied, stepping into Andrea's house. "I brought some sparkling wine."
"Oooh, wonderful!" Andrea took the bottle and walked toward the kitchen, with Natalie following.
She got two glasses from the cupboard and opened the bottle.
"Nice day for a cool glass of bubbly," she noted, filling their glasses.
The glasses were raised and clinked. "Cheers to new friends," said Natalie, smiling.
Andrea sipped her champagne and beamed at her visitor. Nat was wearing a snug-fitting red tee with a low scoop neck--a style she was apparently fond of, as it showed off her beautiful assets. Everywhere Andrea had been with her they had been stared at by men: Natalie for her enormous breasts, and Andrea for her perfectly toned ass and legs. Nat wore short navy shorts which sat low on her hips, accentuating her curvy waist. Andrea looked her up and down, her eyes wandering over her curves like a curious insect.
Over the past few weeks, Andrea would often tease Dean about the time she had spent with Natalie, telling him about how sexy Nat looked in this or that outfit, about trading sex stories, and mentioning that his name came up often in conversation.
"What? You guys talk about me?" he had asked.
"Sometimes. I think Nat might have a bit of a thing for you."
"But she's married! Did she say something? What did she tell you?" he had pleaded.
But Andrea would always change the subject, leaving him frustrated. She knew he was attracted to her, and it came as no surprise. Natalie was young (a couple years younger than Andrea), pretty, intelligent, friendly, and sociable. And while it was true that she and Andrea had conversed about Dean, it never got too personal. Natalie seemed to love her husband, and if she had anything more than a passing attraction to Dean, then Andrea was unaware of it. Still, it was fun to torture him by dropping hints, and he was sure that it must have made things interesting at their work.
"So, this being your first time at my house, can I give you a tour?" Andrea suggested to Natalie.
"Yeah, of course," she said, placing her handbag on the kitchen counter and following Andrea down the hallway.
She showed Natalie her small art studio, the lounge room, the upstairs bedrooms, and the back yard. The girls sat together in the lounge room eating cheese and crackers and drinking champagne. Their conversation meandered from work, to music, to leisure activities. They chatted and giggled as they enjoyed each others' company. On a few occasions, Andrea saw Natalie's eyes flit over Andrea's chest, perhaps noticing the way her nipples poked out, or the way her firm breasts jiggled subtly when she laughed. In her turn, Andrea also found herself stealing glances at Natalie's impressive bust, feeling a faint pang of envy at the soft, bulging breasts before her. Before long the bottle of champagne was nearly empty.
The women returned to the kitchen to open another bottle. Natalie opened the patio door and stepped out on the deck to gaze at the lawn and small garden.
"You've got such a lovely place, Andrea. I love this little back yard."
Andrea looked through the window across her yard at Dean's house, and a naughty smile touched her lips. It was time.
"It's such a nice day... how do you feel about getting some sun?" she suggested, looking at Natalie.
"Sure! Champagne in the sun sounds like the perfect afternoon. I kinda wish I'd brought something better to wear though," replied Natalie, looking down at her top.
"Come on," said Andrea, taking Natalie's hand, "I've got just the thing."
Andrea led Natalie up the stairs to her room and began rummaging in her dresser drawer. She picked out two pairs of string bikinis and tossed them on the bed. One was white and the other was green. Andrea closed the drawer and pulled her tank top quickly over her head, her small breasts bouncing into view as she tossed it aside. Andrea stared at her, looking slightly shocked at her sudden toplessness.
"Oh, sorry hun," Andrea apologised, "I'm just so comfortable around you."
Natalie continued to stare at her body for a moment, blushing, before finally looking up at her face and smiling nervously.
"No, that's totally fine," she said, looking down quickly at the bikinis on the bed. "Um, which one's mine?" she asked without looking up.
Andrea secretly enjoyed Natalie's discomfort. Perhaps it reminded Natalie of the last time she saw Andrea naked, which was in Dean's office with his cum dripping from her chin. Andrea felt her skin break out in goosebumps and her nipples hardened. She blushed as she unfastened her skirt and let it fall to the floor. She wore lacy blue boyleg panties, which hugged her toned ass cheeks alluringly.
"You can wear the green one. Sorry, it's the biggest I have. I'm not quite as well-endowed as you," she giggled.
Picking up the strings of the green bikini gingerly, Natalie held it up to her breasts. It was indeed very small, the triangles of the top covering a very small portion of her large bust. She looked down at it, then at Andrea.
The girls paused for a moment, then broke out into giggles.
"It may be a tad small," laughed Natalie.
Andrea covered her breasts in mock self-consciousness. "Hey, don't be mean," she said jokingly.
"Only teasing, hun. I'll give it a try."
Nat looked at Andrea again, then turned to face away from her to protect her modesty. Andrea could not suppress a feeling of disappointment. She watched as Natalie's fingers found the hem of her top, pulling it up over hear head. Her dirty blonde hair tumbled free of the top as she turned to place it on the edge of the bed. She wore a white bra, the straps pushing into her shoulders and back from the weight of her breasts. She peeked over her shoulder at Andrea, then unbuttoned her shorts, peeling them down over her full ass. Underneath she wore a white thong, the fabric vanishing between her round buttocks.
Andrea subconsciously caressed her breasts as her eyes roamed over the soft curves of Nat's hips and waist. She felt a rush of blood in her cheeks as Nat reached back to unfasten her bra. She found herself becoming aroused watching Natalie get undressed. Andrea had never properly been with a woman before, but she had always had a vague attraction to females. Sure, she had drunkenly made out with a few girls in her teenage years and college, but nothing further than kissing and some fondling. She remained curious, but had never felt the urge to pursue a relationship with another woman--sexual or otherwise. Nevertheless, as she watched Nat peel her panties from between her ass cheeks and down her thighs, there was no denying the tingling warmth between her legs.
She began to take her panties off as Nat turned--her arm across her breasts--to pick up the bikini. She turned back around and put the bottoms on first, tying the strings at her hips. Natalie's ass was fuller than Andrea's, and the material bunched sexily in her crack, unable to cover her luscious buttocks. Andrea quickly put her bikini on, adjusting the cups over her breasts and tying it at the back. Nat struggled a bit with her top. She was pulling and tugging at the front.
"Need some help?" asked Andrea.
"Um... yeah, kind of. It's really small," Nat said nervously.
Andrea approached her and took the strings, tying them firmly in a bow across Nat's back. "Turn around, hun, let me see you."
Natalie tugged at the cups again, then turned slowly to face Andrea, her face red with embarrassment. Andrea put her fingers to her mouth and tried to stifle her giggles. Natalie's enormous breasts dwarfed the tiny green triangles of Andrea's bikini cups. Her tits bulged out on all sides and created the most succulent cleavage Andrea had ever seen. She could even see the edge of Nat's pale areola peeking out from behind the left cup. It was almost comical how ill-fitting the top was: like trying to wear a child's clothing.
"Oh my god... wow," she said, giggling a bit to ease the tension.
"See? I told you it was too small!" said Nat, making to turn away.
"No, no, honey, you look really sexy in it," Andrea said, touching her arm, then reaching out to adjust the cup so it completely covered Nat's nipple.
She stared shamelessly at Nat's beautiful tits as her fingers brushed the bulging cleavage. She saw Nat's nipples harden through the material in response to her touch.
"Seriously, you look really hot. And besides, you'll get more sun this way," Andrea said cheerily.
"Well that's certainly true," said Nat, looking down at her big tits, seeming a little more relaxed.
Picking up her phone from her dresser, Andrea approached Natalie and stood next to her. She held the phone aloft and pointed it at them.
"Smile!" she said, and took a quick picture before Natalie could object.
"Oh my god, you can't show that to anyone!" exclaimed Nat as they looked at the picture on the screen.
The women looked gorgeous, smiling up at the camera. Natalie's breasts looked phenomenal, almost fully exposed, and contrasted nicely with the sexy subtle curves of Andrea's bust.
"Don't worry Nat, it's just for my viewing pleasure. Now why don't you go downstairs and pour us some more champagne. I'll get us some towels and meet you on the back patio."
"Sure hun."
Andrea watched Natalie leave the room, her ass swaying and her tits bouncing and jiggling erotically with every step she took, barely contained in her tiny bikini top. Andrea quickly composed a text message, reading ' Bikini babes going to get some sun in the back yard. Voyeurs welcome ;) '. She attached the photo of her and Nat and sent it to Dean. Her heart sped up and her nipples hardened as she became excited by the idea of her neighbour watching them from his house across the yard. She pulled two towels from her closet and skipped down the stairs to join Natalie on the back patio, grabbing the bottle of champagne from the fridge on the way.
Natalie was standing next to the patio table, shielding her eyes from the sun as she scanned the houses around her. The sound of a lawnmower could be heard in the distance, but no one seemed to be within eyesight of Andrea's back yard. Andrea put the towels on the loungers and the girls settled down, putting their sunglasses on and enjoying the warmth of the sun on their skin. The glare of the sun off the windows made it difficult to tell, but Andrea thought she saw some movement in Dean's bedroom. A moment later she received a text. "Looking good so far" it said, and had a photo of them taken from his bedroom.
"Who's that?" asked Nat.
"Oh, it's just Dean. Wants to know what I'm up to today. I'll tell him I'm hanging out with you. It will make him jealous," replied Andrea.
"Haha, yeah sure."
"No, seriously, he would kill to see you in that sexy bikini."
"Oh stop it."
"Come on, Nat, don't tell me you don't notice guys checking you out. I bet all the guys in the office love you."
"Well, lots of guys stare at my tits, I guess," Nat shrugged.
"I think that's kinda hot. I like when guys check me out, and stare at my ass. Makes me feel sexy," responded Andrea, stroking her thighs.
"Yeah. I mean, there are some pretty hot guys at our office, and it's kind of exciting when I catch them staring at me. I'd be lying if I said I didn't dress to show off a little. Married life can be a bit boring, so it's nice to know other men still find me attractive. There are the old men and creeps, of course, but I tolerate it."
"What about Dean? Have you ever caught him checking you out?" asked Andrea, sipping her drink.
"Oh my god, Andrea... he's pretty much my boss. That's not really appropriate," Nat said, but couldn't suppress a coy smile.
"I know he has, hun, don't try to deny it."
"He's always been respectful to me as a professional and a married woman. He's never made a move or anything... Did he say something to you?" Nat said inquisitively.
"Maaaaybe," teased Andrea.
"Really? What did he say?" asked Natalie excitedly.
"Now you're interested? I thought you said it wasn't appropriate," said Andrea grinning.
"Oh, stop being a tease and tell me!"
"Obviously he likes you, Nat. He's told me as much. He thinks you're very pretty, and sweet, and smart."
Natalie blushed, a large self-satisfied smile on her lips.
"But he would never try anything unless you showed him that you wanted to. So I guess the question is: would you?"
"Oh god... I couldn't. I mean, I'm married..." Nat replied unconvincingly.
"I know, hun. But just imagine. He's hot. It wouldn't have to be anything more than physical. And you've already seen his--"
"--Oh my god, Andrea!" squealed Nat.
"Let's not pretend you didn't see what happened that day in the office," said Andrea, sitting up in her chair and facing Nat.
"Um... what... I mean, I know, but..." stammered Nat.
"You saw his huge cock. It's amazing, isn't it?"
Natalie blushed again and laughed uneasily, looking up into the sky. She paused, then looked back at Andrea.
"It's fucking massive!" she blurted, then giggled, and took another sip of her champagne.
Andrea laughed, "I know, right?"
Nat refilled her glass, her large breasts rolling on her chest as she replaced the bottle back into the ice bucket on the table. She looked at Andrea for a moment, furrowing her brow.
"So, are you guys, like, dating?" she asked.
"No, nothing like that. What you saw--when I sucked his cock in his office--that was the first time we've really been sexual, although we've been teasing each other a bit."
"How so?" Natalie was riveted.
"Just sending naughty texts and stuff. And nothing's happened since that day. Maybe I scared him off."
"Not a chance. I see the way he looks at you. And judging from his expression, it looked like you gave him the best head he's ever had," Natalie giggled.
"Mmmm. He came so much. I'd already swallowed several mouthfuls before you walked in and saw him cum on my face."
The girls' conversation was becoming more open the more they drank. They both talked animatedly about Dean, and the details of that day. After finishing the bottle, Andrea went inside to get another. She filled Nat's glass and set it in the bucket, then sat on her lounger and reached behind her, untying her bikini strings. She casually pulled the bikini top off and put it on the table, then picked up the sunscreen.
"Oh my god," gasped Nat, looking around them. "Aren't you afraid of the neighbours seeing you?"
She was sitting up on her elbows looking over at Andrea. Andrea couldn't tell easily, but she sensed Nat was staring at her perky breasts. She began to rub sunscreen on her arms and shoulders, then over her stomach and chest, caressing her tits sensually. Her pussy tingled and throbbed. She looked up to Dean's window again, knowing he was watching.
"I'm not too fussed. I've done it plenty of times and never had any complaints."
"I can imagine! That's not really what I meant, though. What about the pervs?" asked Natalie.
"That's what makes it exciting, doesn't it?" replied Andrea, grinning at Nat as she gently pulled her nipples.
Natalie laughed. "Honey, you are crazy."
"Can you give me a hand with my back?" said Andrea, holding the bottle of sunscreen out to Natalie.
"Yeah, of course," she responded, standing up and taking the bottle.
She sat behind her on the lounger and squirted some sunscreen onto her palm. She began rubbing it into Andrea's back slowly, spreading the white cream evenly over her lightly browned skin. Andrea loved the feeling of Nat's hands on her skin, and her nipples became hard as Natalie's fingertips brushed the sides of her breasts. She took her time, and Andrea was sure the sunscreen had been applied adequately, but still she continued to rub and stroke Andrea's back, sides, and shoulders.
Suddenly, she saw motion over her fence. She tensed slightly and scanned the area, finally noticing a vague shape near the hedge at the corner of her yard and Dean's. It was him. he had sneaked into his back yard and was using the hedge as cover so he could spy on the girls from a closer vantage point. She smiled at the thought of him watching them, and she could feel moistness at her groin. She found herself wanting--needing--to touch Natalie.
"Ok hun, now your turn," she said quickly, turning to pick the bottle up from the side of the table.
The girls switched spots, and Andrea began rubbing the sunscreen on Natalie's back. She applied it almost as if she was giving a massage, and heard the occasional faint sigh from Nat. Natalie drained another glass of champagne as Andrea rubbed her back, neck, and shoulders.
"Mmmm, that feels really nice," murmured Nat, rolling her head from side to side.
Carefully, gingerly, Andrea began to tug at the string of Natalie's bikini top. She watched the bow slowly slip, the ends coming loose.
"Oh... Andrea..." breathed Nat, covering her breasts with her hands and turning her head to the side.
"It's ok, sweetie. Let me take it off. Let's both be naughty and go topless," she whispered near Nat's ear.
She clearly saw the skin on Natalie's shoulders and neck break out in goosebumps, and Nat shuddered subtly, but her hands slowly fell away from her bosom, and she nodded. Andrea untied the string around Nat's neck and lifted the fabric away. She leaned close and peered over Nat's shoulder down at her enormous bust. It was truly magnificent. Full, round, but firm, with medium-sized light pink-capped areolas. Her nipples were as hard as pebbles, and jutted out obviously.
Andrea's hands shook as she squeezed more sunscreen from the bottle. She rubbed it between her hands and reached around Nat's body. She rested them against Natalie's chest and began spreading the cream, moving down over the soft, globular flesh, feeling the hard nipples against her palms, squeezing and caressing the supple, yet firm breasts. Nat was looking down at her tits as if they belonged to someone else. She watched Andrea massage them, then tilted her head back and emitted a low moan.
"You like it, Nat?"
"Yeah... that's... really good," Nat sighed, then added, "Wow, this is so naughty!"
"Oh my god, can I tell you something?" said Andrea, then continued without waiting for a response, "I've wanted to touch your breasts so badly!" she giggled.
Nat laughed, and Andrea felt her tits bounce heavily in her hands. "I hope it was worth the wait."
"Definitely," Andrea said lasciviously.
She continued to rub the sunscreen over Nat's bust and stomach as Nat moaned softly. She leaned closer, and felt her nipples graze Nat's back. It sent shocks of pleasure through her chest and down her spine. Her pussy felt hot, and she was breathing hard on Nat's neck.
Natalie was also breathing hard, and Andrea noticed that she had spread her legs slightly. Andrea's fingers brushed the top of Natalie's bikini bottoms, and as she was going to move them up again, she felt Nat's hand on hers.
"Keep going," Nat whispered, guiding Andrea's hand toward her mound.
Andrea obliged, moving her fingers slowly over the material of Nat's bikini, feeling the plump swells of her labia, and the slit between them. She pushed her fingers against the slit and felt Natalie tense against her as she moaned. Her head rolled to the side and Andrea pressed her body up against Nat's. Their lips were nearly touching as they breathed heavily. Andrea's other hand kneaded Nat's tits as Natalie stroked her inner thigh with her nails.
"Do you... do you think anyone's watching?" asked Nat quietly, still keeping her mouth next to Andrea's.
"Maybe. But it turns me on. The thought of them staring at your big, beautiful tits out in the open, while I play with them."
"Yeah... oooooh yeah," moaned Nat.
"Kiss me, Natalie," whispered Andrea, overcome with lust.
The girls' lips met, softly at first, tentatively, then pressing harder together. Finally their lips parted and their tongues touched, exploring each other, their heads moving, sharing each others' saliva. They both moaned into each others' mouths and their bodies moved and tensed, writhing together.
Before Andrea realised what was happening, her fingers had slid underneath the top of Natalie's bikini bottoms, delving down over her soft, smooth, hairless abdomen, finding her puffy cunt lips, and pushing her middle finger between them, rubbing her clit. Nat was soaking wet, and her legs parted further as Andrea stroked her slit.
Natalie reached back with one hand and gripped Andrea's hair, pulling her mouth to her neck. Her other hand pinched the nipple of the breast that Andrea was not currently fondling.
"Oooooh fuck yeah! Put your fingers inside me," groaned Natalie, losing herself in the moment.
Andrea looked across the yard and saw the shape of Dean again. She swore she could see him moving... was he stroking himself as he watched? Was he taking pictures of them? Filming them? She felt a thrill, and hastily moved her hands to Nat's hips where her bikini bottoms were tied, pulling the strings.
Natalie gasped, and put her hands over her breasts, but did not move away from Andrea or close her legs. She let Andrea untie her bikini and even leaned back, lifting her ass up so Andrea could pull the green fabric free of her body. She tossed it to the side and moved back so that Nat's head rested between her breasts. Natalie was now completely naked, her body exposed to the open air and any prying eyes that may have been watching from the upper floors of neighbouring houses... not to mention her voyeur friend hiding by the hedge.
Nat rand her hands over her own body and parted her legs further, her hands splayed on her inner thighs. She turned her head to look up at Andrea. Andrea removed her own and Nat's glasses so they could look each other in the eye. Nat's expression was a mixture of lust, nervousness, and giddiness.
"Finger my pussy, Andrea. I don't care who's watching. I want you to make me cum," she begged.
Looking down Natalie's beautiful body, Andrea felt a pang of envy. Nat's breasts were so perfect as they rose and fell rapidly, her stomach was not as toned as Andrea's but was flat, and her pussy was clean shaven, her labia plump, puffy and pink. She could see Natalie's wetness glisten in the afternoon sun.
She ran her hands down Natalie's reclined body, caressing her breasts, rolling her hard nipples in her fingertips, feeling her hips and thighs. Finally, she rubbed Nat's clit in circular motions, watching Nat lift her hips, eager for Andrea to penetrate her. Andrea slowly dipped her middle finger inside Nat's hot cunt and watched her stomach suck in as she gasped.
"Aaaahhn!" she moaned.
Her finger slid in deep, and Andrea loved the hot, moist feeling. She stroked it in and out several times, then withdrew it, soaked in Nat's juices. She could smell Nat's musky scent, and her mouth watered. She brought her finger to her lips and sucked it as Natalie watched. She looked across the yard and saw the top of Dean's head peering over the fence. She saw movement between the slats in the boards near his groin.
"Mmmmm... you taste so good, honey," cooed Andrea as Nat smiled up at her.
She reached back down and pushed two fingers into Nat's pussy, her other hand kneading Nat's breast. She began a steady rhythm, stroking her fingers inside Natalie, feeling her vaginal walls clench and her body writhe, listening to her ragged breath, her throaty moans.
"You like that, baby? You like being finger fucked by another girl while the neighbours watch?" said Andrea, getting caught up in the moment.
"Fuck yes... it's so naughty... ooouuu yeah, do it harder, Andrea. It feels so fucking good... aaaah!" Nat continued to groan, louder now, losing all inhibition.
It was obvious to Andrea that Natalie, like her, enjoyed being an exhibitionist. She was getting off on exposing herself, on acting like a dirty slut for all to see. Andrea felt equally excited, and was surprised at how erotic it felt to be intimate with her female friend. She stroked her fingers into Natalie faster, her palm slapping against Nat's clit, listening to the wet sounds of her juices, twisting her body so she could get her fingers deeper, all while squeezing Nat's large tits.
"Aaaahhh... yes baby... yeah yeah yeah...oooouuuu, fuck it just like that..." squealed Natalie, lifting her knees up and out, and pushing her tits together from the sides with her arms as her nails gripped her inner thighs.
"You're such an exhibitionist slut, Nat, showing off your sexy body and big tits to my whole neighbourhood. I'm going to make you cum for them," growled Andrea, pounding Nat's pussy with her hand.
"Do it, honey, make me cum! Oh fuck, I'm so close! Make me cum for your neighbours!" Natalie cried, her body beginning to tremble.
Her moan was high and loud, building in volume and intensity as Andrea plunged her fingers in and out of Nat's wet fuck hole. Natalie's legs shook and Andrea felt her pussy clench powerfully.
"Aaaaahhhh yeeeeaahhh!" screamed Nat, as Andrea felt a gush of warm fluid on her palm.
She cried out and felt her fingers forced out of Nat's cunt with the force of her contraction. Nat's hips tipped up as her pussy squirted a jet of pussy juice straight up like a fountain. It splashed down on Nat's thighs, stomach, and breasts, sparkling in the sunlight as her body was wracked with orgasmic spasms.
She squirted again, the stream spraying out and away from them this time, screaming in ecstasy, not caring who heard. Andrea put her fingers in the streams of cum, and rubbed the liquid into Nat's breasts and stomach. Nat trembled as her orgasm abated, emitting short moans and sighs, shaking and twitching each time Andrea touched her clit or her pussy lips.
"Oh my god... oh my god..." she kept repeating softly, squeezing her thighs as her body finally relaxed.
Her hands released her thighs and joined Andrea's in rubbing the pussy juice into her skin, slowly and sensuously.
"Wow... I can't believe you made me squirt," she said quietly, looking up at Andrea.
Andrea was lost in wonder and desire. Nat's explosion had surprised her (she herself had never squirted before), and she felt overwhelmed with lust. She was afraid Nat would not return the favour, and her expression must have shown this, for Natalie smiled widely and giggled.
"Oh sweetie, don't worry... now it's your turn," she assured her, sitting up and turning around to face Andrea.
The crotch of Andrea's bikini bottoms was soaked, the white material a slightly different colour over her slit. She was practically panting, and upon seeing Natalie's glorious, cum-soaked breasts, she darted forward, pushing her face between the slippery globes. She sucked and lapped at Nat's tits hungrily, tasting her squirt juice, nibbling her nipples, pushing her face against Nat's soft bosom. Natalie stroked her hair encouragingly, and even began to moan again.
"Be careful or I'll make you do me again," she giggled.
Andrea looked up, and began kissing Nat passionately, their tongues dancing against one another like writing snakes. Natalie began kissing her way down Andrea's neck, then to her chest. She lingered at her breasts, caressing them and putting her lips on every inch of her skin, sucking her nipples and pulling them with her lips and teeth.
Andrea became self-conscious. "I know they're not as nice as yours--" she began.
"--stop it," Nat interrupted. "They're beautiful."
She sucked Andrea's tits both with tenderness, and eagerness, and Andrea loved her for it. But she soon became impatient, as the itch and tingle in her pussy was becoming unbearable. She put her hands on Natalie's hair and pushed gently down.
"Please... I need you to lick my pussy," she said in a breathy voice.
Nat smiled and kissed down her stomach as Andrea reclined, watching Nat as Nat watched her, kissing her tummy, her navel, lower, to her abdomen, lower again... down. Natalie carefully untied Andrea's bikini and pulled it away. She sighed as she looked at Andrea's wet pussy, licking her lips and lowering her head.
Andrea jumped as Nat's lips made contact with her labia. She was so horny she could barely see straight. She felt Natalie's soft, hot tongue tracing patterns on her inner thighs and pussy lips. Then, across her yard, she saw Dean's head peering over the fence, fully visible now. She ran her hands through Nat's hair and carefully motioned to Dean with her finger, beckoning him. He looked surprised, but moved to the gate, and opened it slightly.
She could see that he was shirtless, and had pulled his shorts down to his knees. His cock was rock hard and standing at attention. His hand wrapped around his shaft and he pumped it as he watched Natalie lick Andrea's cunt. Andrea got an idea.
"Oh my god," she said, quietly but with alarm.
"What?" Nat responded, looking up at her face. She began to turn her head in the direction Andrea was looking.
"No, don't look. I think I can see my neighbour through his window."
"Oh shit!" cried Nat, and began to move, but Andrea held her by the hair.
"No... no don't move. I don't want him to know I can see him. He's... he's definitely watching us. He's naked, I think. Oh my god, Nat, I think he stroking his cock watching us!" she hissed excitedly.
"What? Oh my god... what should we do?"
"Keep going, hun. It's really turning me on. I've seen him before. He's just a little older than me, I think. Really hot. I... I want him to keep watching us. Oh fuck... it's so sexy," she said, moaning now.
Natalie paused for a moment, seemingly resisting the urge to turn around and look. Instead, she smiled and moved her knees back, tilting her full ass in the air in Dean's direction. Andrea saw Dean open the gate further and take a step into her yard to get a better look. In his other hand Andrea saw his phone. He was recording them.
"Then let's give him a good show," said Natalie, and dipped her tongue between Andrea's pussy lips.
Andrea moaned loudly as Nat went to work, licking her slit, sucking her labia, tonguing her clit rapidly, slurping at her juices as her hands roamed over Andrea's body. Andrea's hips moved rhythmically as Nat pleasured her, and her hands stroked Nat's hair, sometimes gripping it and forcing Natalie's face against her wet mound.
She watched Dean as he stepped further into her yard, seemingly having difficulty concentrating on approaching silently, watching the girls, filming them, stroking his cock, and making sure his shorts didn't trip him. He stopped only a couple meters from Natalie's ass. Andrea could just imagine what he saw: Natalie's round ass cheeks and thighs, still glistening with her pussy cum, her tight, puckered asshole, her bare, plump cunt lips. He could probably see the sides of her hanging breasts too. He smiled at Andrea as he jerked his cock excitedly, and she moaned louder to try to cover any sounds he might have made.
"Oh fuck, Nat, you're so good with your mouth... oooooohh, I love it. Put your fingers inside me," moaned Andrea.
Nat looked up at her, her lips wet with Andrea's lubrication. "Is he still watching?"
"Yeah... he's stroking his cock so fast now," she said, looking at Dean. "I bet he'll cum soon."
"Mmmmm, then let him watch this," replied Nat, and Andrea saw her arm disappear beneath her. "I'm spreading my pussy open for him. God... if only he were here to fuck it," she mused, then lowered her head to Andrea's cunt again.
Dean bit his lip as Natalie said this, and his fist stroked his big cock faster. Andrea felt Natalie push two fingers into her pussy and she cried out in pleasure. It was all so stimulating: getting her pussy licked and fingered by a sexy woman outside in her backyard in the middle of the day while her neighbour secretly watched and filmed them as he stood only meters away, stroking his thick manhood. She could see that Dean wanted nothing more than to stuff his manhood deep into Natalie's hot cunt until he emptied himself completely inside her, gripping her ass and pounding his hips against them. She wished that he could do it, that he would fuck her hard while she ate her pussy so that the three of them would cum together. She felt her head buzz and her pussy tighten. Although Dean didn't step forward to penetrate Natalie's wet, open pussy, it seemed the fantasy was enough.
"Aaaahhhh... ooooooh baby... c-cum!" she cried out as her orgasm approached.
She was saying it to Dean, but of course Natalie thought she was talking about herself. Incidentally, it referred to both Andrea and Dean.
She saw Dean's mouth open and his face contort as he pumped his column firmly, a thick rope of cum ejaculating from his tip and flying through the air. At the same time, her body jerked and she screamed as she came, Nat's fingers buried deep inside her, her mouth sucking hard on her clit. She gripped Natalie's hair firmly and ground her cunt into Nat's mouth as wave after wave of orgasmic bliss washed over her. Natalie was moaning too, probably fingering her own pussy as Andrea came in her mouth. Dean spurted again and again, his pearly white cum dropping into the grass and dripping over his clenched fingers. His stomach and legs tightened and flexed as he milked the last of his load from his cock. He breathed heavily, his chest and brow sweaty with his efforts.
Andrea began to relax, her eyes half-closing, her hand loosening on Nat's hair. Dean took the opportunity to sneak back into his hard, and hid again next to the hedge, still watching the girls.
"Oh my god, Natalie, that was incredible," panted Andrea.
Nat giggled and sucked her fingers clean of Andrea's cum. "I'm glad you liked it. Oh my god, did he cum?" she said quickly, turning her head to see if she could catch a glimpse of the spying neighbour.
"Yeah... I saw him spurt. That's what made me cum. But I think he noticed that I saw him and he left quickly."
Nat looked disappointed, but smiled again after a moment.
"Oh my god... we are such sluts!" she giggled again and kissed Andrea's pussy lips, tasting her again.
"That was really hot, Nat. I'm so glad you came over," replied Andrea, touching Nat's cheek affectionately.
Natalie crawled up Andrea's body, kissing her and stroking her sweaty skin.
"Please don't tell anyone about this, ok hun? I mean... I'm a married woman," said Nat with a naughty grin on her lips.
"Of course, sweetie. It's our secret... any my neighbours'" Andrea giggled.
Natalie blushed as she rubbed her big tits against Andrea's modest ones, then sighed.
"Whew... it's hot out today. I wouldn't mind a quick shower, if that's ok. I'd love you to join me, too," suggested Natalie.
Andrea sat up and kissed her on the mouth--a long, passionate kiss. She could taste her pussy on Nat's lips.
"Lead the way," said Andrea, smiling and cupping Nat's breasts.
Natalie grinned and hopped up, her tits bouncing, and, grabbing her towel from her lounger, strolled casually inside. Andrea got up to follow her, collecting their bikinis and the champagne bottle. Before going inside her house, she turned and caught Dean's eye over the fence.
She blew him a kiss, giggled, then closed the sliding door behind her.