This is the second time I have collaborated on an erotic story. It was given to me in draft form byCFNMhubbywho developed it originally withkinkycanucks. I have perhaps taken it in directions they never intended, but I have tried to keep or rework as many elements of the draft as I could, while staying true to my own desires for the characters.
Given the length of this tale (approximately 35k), and its cross-category blend of Fetish (cuckoldry, chastity & more), Anal, Exhibitionist & Voyeur, Toys & Masturbation, Lesbian, Group Sex, BDSM, Loving Wives and Interracial, the only sensible category for it is Novels and Novellas.
Conspiracies
Bethany excused herself and stepped into the foyer to check the message on her phone. It was from her husband: "All good. I can see and hear everything. The cameras in the kitchen, dining room and master bedroom are all working. Now do whatever it takes, babe. We have to sell this house."
She quickly checked around the corner. Cole Daniels was still inspecting the cabinets in the kitchen. The man projected an air of extreme confidence, and everything about him just screamed power and wealth. He was handsome too, mid-forties with jet black hair and piercing blue eyes.
Still, it was her husband, Scott, who was the realtor and this was a million dollar home. "I'll do my best," Bethany replied. She eyed the door in front of her, tempted for a moment, despite everything, to make a run for it. She could almost hear Scott's salesman voice, reassuring, persuasive:He's already made up his mind. He just wants to know how far we are willing to go.
How far... Bethany cursed under her breath. "I know what you really mean," she'd snarled the night before. Challenging him to tell her the truth. "Just say you want me to fuck him."
"Seduce him," he'd said, unabashed. Unashamed. "Use your feminine wiles. Persuade him to buy. And, yes." He'd grinned. The bastard had actually dared to grin. "I want you to fuck him. You know that's always been my fantasy."
Her phone vibrated. Another message. "He's looking bored."
Bethany gave the phone a dirty look and adjusted her stylish new glasses. She felt torn. Fantasy was one thing, but still she'd been shocked to hear it. This wasn't who she was. She was a mother, loyal and devoted to her husband, whom she loved. Did he not love her? Why would he ask her to be unfaithful?
"Bethany?" It was Cole, calling her from the kitchen. "Everything okay out there?"
"Sorry, Mr. Daniels," she said. "Had to take a call from the sitter." He really was very handsome. A slight Scottish accent too, which she liked. If she had to be unfaithful... was it still cheating if it was her own husband's idea? If Scott was actively encouraging it?
Bethany checked herself in the mirror. Her light brown hair was freshly cut and styled, with blonde highlights, the soft curls hanging down just over her shoulders. She'd gone easy on the makeup, light pink lipstick with a touch of mascara. The pretty, white-flowered sundress was tasteful with a hint of sexiness, the neckline plunging generously to show off her breasts. One benefit of motherhood was that her breasts were larger and fuller (she'd gone from a B to a C).
She took a breath, and decided. She would give her husband what he wanted. And maybe seeing her with this handsome stranger would make him realise that what he really wanted was her, for himself, and only for himself.
"I'm coming!" she called, fascinated in the moment by the traitorous pink lips in the reflection, and made her way back through to the kitchen.
Bethany paused uncertainly as her four-inch, bright red heels clicked loudly on the tiles. She rarely wore them outside the bedroom, though they were gorgeous and made her feel very sexy. She liked the way they made her legs seem longer, and could feel the change in her posture.
"Everything okay?" Cole asked with an expression of concern. He was standing between the sink and the central island. "Do you need to go?"
"All good," she said airily, hoping to change the subject. "She just had a question."
Moving to stand opposite him across the island, Bethany rested her elbows on the marble countertop and leaned over slightly, giving Cole a view down the top of her dress without seeming too obvious about it. "So, what do you think?" she asked. "The kitchen is perfect, isn't it?"
"I definitely like what I am seeing," he said, his gaze resting deliberately on her breasts. There was nothing shy about his desire for her, and she could feel herself blushing in response. "I think the rack is a great touch," he added, a playful smile curling his lips as he reached up to caress the pots and pans hanging from the rack above the island.
It was such a cliche, but it provoked a laugh from her, which in turn made Cole laugh too. She sensed a connection building between them that, she dared to hope, meant she would be successful in selling the place. "Shall we move on to the next room?" she asked cheerfully.
Cole circled the island until he stood close enough to touch her. Bethany's pulse quickened as he folded his arms across his chest and openly looked her up and down. She cleared her throat, wanting to break the silence but unable to find words, and glanced briefly at the hidden camera. It looked like a typical charger plugged into the outlet beside the sink, but she knew it gave a clear view of the entire room. She knew her husband was watching. And still her phone was silent.
*
Cole knew full well that Bethany hadn't been talking to the sitter. He was an old friend of Scott's from college and they had planned this scenario out together. Indeed, the house had already been sold so there was no risk at all, but he didn't tell Bethany. This was an opportunity to live out his wildest dream and he was taking it.
She was not his usual type, being married, but that only made her more appealing to him - the taste of forbidden fruit. Cole considered himself a true womanizer. Usually he had no lingering feelings for the women he slept with, and Bethany, no doubt, would be just another notch for him. He'd quickly jumped at the chance to play the part of a rich home buyer.
"How about we cut to the chase," he said with a wicked grin, "and I tell you what it's going to take for me to buy this house?"
Bethany shivered involuntarily and took a half-step backwards before steeling herself and copying his posture, folding her arms over her chest protectively.
"Okay," she said. "Tell me."
With a reassuring smile, he took her arms and gently but firmly pushed them down to her sides. He wanted to ease the defiance from her. Slipping his hands down onto her hips, he pulled her towards him, and looked down into her eyes as she tilted her head up. Despite her determined expression, she trembled within his predatory grasp.
More than ever, it baffled him that Scott was so willing to give her to another man. He was watching them right now, probably urging him to make his move. Can of beer in one hand, dick in the other...
"You are a sexy woman, Bethany," he murmured. "The fact your husband sent you to me to finalize this deal tells me how serious he is. Now, I know this isn't your normal job, but..." He sighed. After a dramatic pause, he shrugged. "But I don't care about that."
Bethany frowned anxiously. "What are you saying?" she asked, her voice breaking.
He looked deep into her eyes, and growled. "I am going to fuck you all over this house. If you can satisfy me - really satisfy me - then we've got a deal. This place is sold. Understand?"
*
Her heart was pounding. She couldn't speak. She could barely stand. He was so bold!
Bethany stood frozen in place as his hands slid around from her hips to her ass and squeezed. Her eyes darted to the camera and she clutched her phone tightly, praying her husband would call and rescue her from this absurdity. Panic set in as Cole pried her phone away and set it on the island out of her reach.
"No distractions," he said, and kissed her.
Bethany had only kissed a couple of men in her life, and nobody else since meeting her husband. Cole was very different. Intense. His tongue pushed into her mouth as his hands squeezed her ass. For a long moment she was too startled to react at all, unable to process what was happening beyond that this stranger was kissing her while her husband watched - and then she surrendered to the moment.
Closing her eyes, she permitted herself to enjoy the experience of making out with a new man. As the moment's panic passed, she stopped questioning what she was supposed to do, and instead wrapped her arms around Cole's neck as she kissed him back passionately. It was as if he had sparked something within her, some long dormant hunger, a thirst to be touched that she had not felt in years. He wasn't her husband. He wasn't slow or tender like her husband. He was wrong. This was wrong - but it was also right, and she wanted him.
*
Cole breathed a quiet sigh of satisfaction as he broke the kiss and she opened her eyes. He could sense the conflict in her still, though much diminished, but undeniably there was lust for him too. This was his victory. This was what he lived for. That moment of fresh, unfiltered desire.
But Bethany was no innocent young girl. There was nothing innocent about any of this. She was a married woman, with a child at home, and a husband who claimed to love her even as he manipulated her into this cruel but so delightful seduction. A husband who had watched as Cole kissed her, and who now watched as Cole slowly, deliberately, tugged open his belt with unmistakable intent.
Bethany glanced anxiously at her phone, but it stayed resolutely silent. "I'm not sure if my husband would want me to go this far," she said quietly, but Cole could see she believed it no more than he himself did.
His zip undone, he extracted his semi-swollen cock from the confines of his briefs. This setup and seduction had been a long, delicious tease, and now she was at the point of no return. "I think he wants you to do whatever is necessary," he said with perfect confidence, stroking his hardening length provocatively.
*
Bethany could not stop staring at it. It was one thing to talk about being with a man other than her husband. Or indeed toimaginebeing with a man who was not her husband. Or even to kiss a man who was not her husband - even that was enough to set guilty butterflies whirling in her chest. Even if this was somehow all with her husband's permission. It was quite another to be confronted - in the flesh - with a hard and very eager cock that was not her husband's.
She felt overwhelmed by the situation. Part of her wanted again to make a run for it. Part of her pleaded silently for the phone to ring - for Scott to tell her that it was all a mistake and that he loved her and didn't need her to do any of this for him after all. Part of her - an angry part of her - wanted to let it happen just to punish him for putting her in this position. She imagined him consumed with jealousy for hours, helpless as this stranger ravished her and made her scream with pleasure. Part of her wanted to surrender to this powerful and handsome stranger whose eyes burned with lust for her.
Part of her was just very curious about that unfamiliar cock, so much longer and thicker than her husband's.
Taking a deep breath to steady herself, Bethany knelt down on the cool surface of the floor, bringing her face level with Cole's impressive length. Longer and thicker, but also completely smooth and hairless; the tip glistening with precum. And that raw, heady smell of a man's arousal... She wrapped a hand about the shaft, its girth too great for her to encompass, and moved her hand slowly along the smooth skin. Just the weight of it in her hand was a thrill - and he was so hard!
She wondered if he would taste different from her husband.
Bethany adjusted her glasses, and glanced up guiltily at this man who wasn't her husband - not out of hesitation, or out of any need for permission to continue, but in recognition that this next act changed everything. The nature of her marriage. The nature of herself.
She wrapped her lips tentatively about the soft head of his cock, the salty taste of his precum flooding her mouth, and sucked gently. The shock of it was almost electric. The size of him too, so hard, so powerful, so much bigger than than the cock she was accustomed to.
A soft, appreciative moan escaped his lips. "Good girl," he murmured, running his fingers through her curls. "You're going to really earn this sale."
*
For a while, Bethany concentrated on kissing his shaft and licking along its length. Cole sensed no hesitation in her, and she seemed to be genuinely enjoying herself. Perhaps the idea of being a whore for her husband excited her - certainly it excited him. There was something thrilling in the idea of taking this sweet suburban mom and treating her like a whore.
She opened her mouth wide, taking him inside. He loved seeing a woman's lips stretched wide by his hard cock. He loved seeing a woman as hungry for his cock as Bethany seemed to be. Cole glanced over at the hidden camera, wondering what Scott was thinking as he watched his wife suck fervently on another man's cock.
He moaned appreciatively. Bethany was skilled at giving a blowjob - but Cole wanted her to understand that he was the one in control. He pulled his cock from her mouth and rubbed it all over her face. The stunned, almost horrified look on her face was everything he could wish for.
"Stand up," he ordered.
Bethany glowered at him, but got up as directed. He spun her around and pushed her against the island, facing the sink and the hidden camera. Cole wanted Scott to see his wife's face, her cheeks smeared with her saliva and his precum. He wanted Bethany to know her husband could see her face. She whimpered as he reached around and grabbed her breasts.
*
Bethany hoped her husband was enjoying his fantasy-come-true, because he was going to pay for it later. She glared straight at the camera as the thin straps were pulled away from her shoulders and the flowery summer dress fell to the floor around her feet. Cole was very smooth. Her bra was unclasped and removed easily, then tossed across the room, so that her breasts were now fully exposed and in direct view of the camera. She gasped as his hands found her breasts again, playing with them, his fingers pinching her hard nipples. There was no subtlety in it. Not even a pretence of seduction. He was treating her like a common whore, and she was startled by how much it excited her. With one hand he thrust her panties down past the curve of her rear, and she shuffled her legs to allow gravity to do its work.
Her red stilettos were all the clothing she wore. "Is this what you want?" Bethany asked, bending over the island and pushing her bum back against Cole. She loved the feel of his trousers brushing her bare cheeks, and the illicit thrill of his hard, unclothed cock pressing against her. "Is this what you want?" she asked again, this time looking straight at the camera. Is this what you want? To see your normally so demure wife act like a slut?
"You have a fantastic body Bethany," Cole said, caressing her ass. "Everything looks perfect." His hands glided possessively over her skin, studying her curves and her toned legs.
Bethany moaned softly as every touch reminded her that this man was not her husband. She jumped when she felt his cock between her thighs, nudging at the soft folds of her entrance. The size of him frightened her a little. She knew it would be inside her soon - what if it hurt? She wanted to ask him to be gentle, but that wasn't what she really wanted. It certainly wasn't what she needed.
*
Her excitement was growing, her breaths shallow and rapid. The anticipation of feeling his big cock enter her pussy was getting to her, and Cole was ready to make it happen.
He guided his cock into her opening, and, once he was sure he was in, he thrust hard, burying half his prodigious length in her tight cunt that had never known a real man. Women loved his cock. By her sudden, deep moan, he knew Bethany loved it too. He pulled back, and drove in deeper, lifting her up off her heels as her body lunged forward. He repeated this, each time penetrating deeper, each time forcing a loud moan from her, until at last he was fully inside her.
"How many times have you done this, slut? How many houses has this sweet, tight pussy sold for your husband?"
"You're the first," she said, panting heavily.
Cole snorted his disbelief, and withdrew until only the head of his cock was still within. Bethany cried out as he drove in again, all the way, harder than before. He grinned as she pushed back against him. Once again he was reminded that Bethany was no sweet, innocent girl. She was a woman who liked to fuck, and he suspected she would climax in short order. He tightened his grip on her waist, and was soon fucking her harder, he was sure, than she had ever been fucked before.
She was close. Cole could feel it. He smacked her ass, making her squeal loudly, and it pushed her to the edge. Her body tightened exquisitely as she reached her apex, she gasped and Cole groaned deeply as he felt her body squeeze him. He didn't let up, though, and continued to thrust into her hard. He smacked her again, and tugged on her hair like the reins of a horse, and he grinned fiercely at the camera as he rode her through her lengthy orgasm.
*
Scott watched in awe. Bethany was amazing. By her changing expressions he could see that she was no longer thinking of him. She was lost in the moment, in an experience more raw and intense than anything he could ever give her. She was his beautiful, loving, loyal wife, and the mother of his only child. He would never be able to smack her ass and pull on her hair and treat her like a piece of meat and reduce her to this animalistic state of lust.
But Cole could.
On the screen, Cole's vigorous assault had slowed to a gentle thrusting as Bethany recovered from her ecstatic high. Grinning like a real bastard at the camera, he slid Bethany's phone over to her. "Send your husband a message," he instructed. "Tell him you're going to be late tonight." Chuckling, he added, "Tell him I'm going to enjoy every inch of you."
Bethany dutifully sent the text. Scott smiled as he read it. "We need the sale," he replied back.
Role Play
"What are you doing up?" Melissa called from the kitchen, startling Jack. "It's so late."
"Just checking Facebook," he answered quickly, closing the browser. "I couldn't sleep."
He waited for his wife to go back to bed before finding again the erotic story he had just been reading. Something about it really excited his imagination. He looked up the author's name - Clint - and read his bio, before checking out his library of stories. Jack was surprised to learn that the man was happily married - indeed, had been for a number of years - and that his wife also helped contribute to his works. That unlikely dynamic only increased the allure of the story he had just read, and he selected a few more to read that looked in a similar vein.
With each one, his own fantasy of Melissa being with another man intensified. The writing was vivid and Jack was easily immersed in them. He was glad there were many more stories to enjoy. It would take a while to get through them all.
He found them addictive. Night after night, he left the bedroom while Melissa slept and returned to the erotic stories he had become infatuated with. The constant was the theme: the wife (or girlfriend) stepping outside of their relationships, and the husband (or boyfriend) seeing it happen and even giving permission for it to happen. They made him wish Melissa was one of these women in the stories.
One night he saw a post from the author:I get a lot of inspiration from real life, Clint wrote,although not always my life. I love talking with readers, and many of my stories are based on their experiences.
His excitement off the charts, Jack dashed off a private message:Dear Clint, I have been absorbed in your stories lately, after discovering the wonderful tale of Bethany. I could just imagine myself in Scott's chair, watching on the screen as Cole ravished my beautiful wife, Melissa, for hours, in every room of the house. I would love for her to come home afterwards, her skin tasting of him, her kisses tasting of him, his cum leaking from her pussy after it was stretched and filled repeatedly by Cole's huge cock. I would never dare tell her this fantasy of mine, but reading your stories makes me wish I could. Thank you for your stories, and I hope there will be many more to come. Who knows, maybe one day you'll tell our story! Warmest regards, Jack
Before hitting send, he attached a picture of himself and Melissa on vacation, smiling for the camera. It was a nice, innocent picture, and he hoped it would catch Clint's eye. After years of marriage, she was still beautiful and sexy, a tall, blonde, blue-eyed woman with firm breasts, long toned legs and an ass to die for.
Melissa was sleeping soundly as he crept into bed. Perhaps it was all the erotic stories he'd been reading lately, or maybe it was the guilty thrill of communicating with their author, but she looked even sexier to him than usual. It was a warm night. The curtains were only half closed, and she was only half covered by the sheets, and there was enough light from the moon for him to see her back and the curve of her perfect ass.
As often, she was sleeping in his old Pittsburgh Steelers T-shirt - and nothing else. Taking great care not to disturb her rest, he lifted the back of the shirt, revealing her bare beauty. He was hard as a rock and he knew there was no hope of going to sleep. Extracting the offending member from his underwear, Jack stroked it gently while fantasizing about Melissa naked apart from red stiletto heels, bent over the kitchen island with suave, suited Cole behind her. He pictured her expression of lust and amazement as Cole's monstrously huge cock powered into her gorgeous rear. He pictured himself on his knees afterwards, his -
Jack froze as Melissa sighed and rolled over onto her back. Luckily for him - he really didn't want to explain why he was masturbating in bed next to her - she remained asleep. Even lucker, the shirt had risen at the front too, and now her long legs and her sweet pussy were on full display. He wished that Clint were there to write her beauty into words.
Jack could resist touching her no longer, and Melissa was positioned so perfectly. Carefully he maneuvered down the bed and gently spread her legs, just enough that he could get between them. He kissed her pussy lovingly and slowly licked between those delicate lips. Her body reacted instinctively, her legs opening wider and she sighed as she adjusted position. Guessing that she was awake, or at least aware of what he was doing, Jack worked his tongue deeper and swirled it around hungrily while slipping his hands under her thighs. He held her firmly as he devoured her, and wondered if one day he'd get to taste another man's cum blended with her own.
Melissa moaned gently as she ran her fingers through Jack's hair. "This is a nice surprise," she murmured.
It wasn't long before she was writhing on the bed, her hand holding Jack's mouth tightly against her pussy. Trying to imagine what Cole would do if he had Melissa in this position, Jack slipped one of his fingers between her cheeks. Melissa gave a loud gasp of surprise as the finger pushed into her ass, and she climaxed seconds later, the tight ring of her rear entrance contracting fiercely about his invading finger. Jack drank up her juices as she trembled in his arms.
Feeling her shake with pleasure, hearing her ragged breathing, had only made him hornier. As the shaking eased and she relaxed at last, Jack moved up her body and kissed her on the mouth. "Can we try something different?" he asked, looking into her eyes but seeing only shadow. "You know what I mean?"
Of course she knew what he meant. He had asked many times before to let him try anal sex with her. As always, Melissa scrunched up her nose and shook her head. She never let Jack go there. As always, he tried not to show it, but it frustrated him.
"Remember that night," she whispered, "at that sketchy motel? How about you do that again?" He sensed rather than saw her wicked grin as she wrapped her hands around the back of his head, pulling him in close for some passionate kissing.
Jack's disappointment faded quickly. That night, inspired by the seediness of their surroundings, they had tried a role play that was permanently etched in his mind. Melissa had dressed up very sexy, and had waited for Jack in the small bar. The plan was for him to proposition her like she was a prostitute. He'd taken his time getting ready, though, and when he entered the bar some other guy had approached Melissa and was chatting away to her. She was being flirty back, and once she knew Jack was there, she played it up a little. It went as far as the man putting a hand on her leg before Jack interrupted.
When Jack and Melissa got back to their room, she pretended to be a working girl and demanded payment up front. So he'd paid her, and had proceeded to fuck her like she was a hooker. For the first time in his life, he'd felt safe to indulge some of his dirtier fantasies and treat his loving wife as a hot piece of ass.
"You want to be fucked like a common whore?" he growled, getting into character. "I'll show you how a slut gets fucked."
"It's your money," she said with an indifferent shrug.
Damn, she could make him hard. He flipped her over, positioning her on all fours. Her ass made a tempting target and he badly wanted to fuck her there, but he knew the answer. Lining up below, he thrust into her pussy hard, forcing a cry from her lips. There was no slow build. He held her hips and slammed into her repeatedly. A brutal, rhythmic fuck. Gradually he leaned forward too, pressing his weight onto her until Melissa's chest and face were pinned to the bed. He grunted loudly with savage delight as he drove in hard and deep, and loved the way she groaned into the pillow.
Abruptly he pulled out, and flipped Melissa over onto her back. She gazed up at him as he positioned her legs over his shoulders. Again he thrust into her wet pussy, eliciting another groan from her. Wrapping his arms tightly around her thighs he started pounding into her hard. Her whole body shifted from the force, and her head actually banged off of their headboard.
"Ouch!" she cried, sounding more startled than hurt. "Oh my god, Jack!" He ignored her though, and she panted heavily as he fucked her wildly.
Jack was lost in the fantasy, imagining his wife a whore. He imagined himself as Cole, and Melissa a prostitute picked up at some street corner. She cried out as he punished her pussy with his huge, thick cock, until she lost all control and screamed with pleasure, her well used cunt squeezing his powerful shaft.
And then he too was losing control, his whole body stiffening in the agony of climax. He erupted inside her, pulsing in a glorious, much-needed release, and she gasped as he filled her up with what felt like gallons of his thick, fertile, creamy cum.
Until, done at last, he let her legs fall from his shoulders and back to the bed.
There was a moment of awkward silence as Jack thought about what they had just done. What he had just done. He waited for the questions that must surely come, but she merely pulled him down beside her, held him wrapped protectively around her, and before long seemed fast asleep.
Sleep followed swiftly for Jack too, though as he breathed in his wife's scent, and as his cock pressed longingly once more against his wife's perfect ass, he was imagining the story that one day Clint would write about his beautiful whore of a wife.
Seduction
The next night Jack was back on his laptop after Melissa had gone to sleep. He couldn't get his mind off the stories and fantasies he'd been reading. The way the author, Clint, was able to describe women and these erotic scenarios was just so captivating and exciting, and the hope that maybe, just maybe, he had responded to Jack's message...
And he had! There was a response from Clint waiting for him and he couldn't open it fast enough.Dear Jack, Thank you for your effusive praise and for sharing your erotic imaginings. Your wife, Melissa, is beautiful indeed, and I would love to learn more about the two of you. As you say, maybe one day you will inspire another story for me to write and share with the world. I look forward to hearing from you. Clint
Jack was thrilled. He had hoped for - but not expected - a response, and the nature of the response was everything he'd wished for. Clint had even provided his private Twitter handle to make it easier to chat live, and Jack didn't hesitate, immediately trying to connect. It was funny. He had butterflies in his stomach as he waited for a response. It felt like he was reaching out to a celebrity instead of a guy who just wrote erotic stories.
"Hi Jack!" Clint said in warm greeting. "Glad you reached out to me. I'd love to hear more about how you imagine Melissa fitting into my stories."
Jack grinned happily, excited to have someone at last he could share all his depraved fantasies with. They talked for hours into the night. Some small talk, but mostly erotic fantasies, both Jack's and Melissa's. Clint interrupted frequently to ask questions and seek details, and as Jack relaxed his answers became increasingly explicit.
"We role-play from time to time," he said. "In fact... One time we even did it in public. We were at this motel, and Melissa sat at the bar all dressed up sexy, and I was supposed to hire her as a prostitute. This other guy started chatting her up and she flirted with him knowing that I was watching. Part of me still wishes she'd gone with him. I took her back to our room, paid her twenty dollars and we fucked for hours."
"Interesting..." Clint said. "Perhaps she's a bit of an exhibitionist at heart. Just hasn't embraced it yet."
Jack thought about it for a minute. "Makes sense, I guess."
"Does she have any hang ups?"
"Just anal." Jack sighed unhappily. "She has a perfect ass, but refuses absolutely to try anal. She says she tried it once and hated it."
"That is a shame... From my experience, those who have had a bad experience had it with someone who didn't know what they were doing. Well, I hope that changes. I'm lucky, I guess. Evelyn is always open to it."
Evelyn was Clint's wife. Jack's feelings were mixed. It stung a little to hear how the other man's wife was happy to give it up, but there was reassurance in it also, that women could enjoy anal sex - if it was done right.
It wasn't long before Clint was talking about a possible storyline. "I'd love to know more about Melissa - her drives, her emotions, the things she likes to do. I want it to be as real as possible. And I'd love to see more pictures of Melissa, if you wouldn't mind sharing?"
The thought about readers picturing his wife, and probably pleasuring themselves as they read about her sleeping with strangers, gave Jack a bit of an adrenaline rush. There were so many things about her that he would love to share with other readers like himself: the way she laughed; her little dimples when she smiled; the way she looked during sex... He spent a while searching through the pictures on his phone, and found a handful that were very nice - including a couple from their last vacation with Melissa in a bikini, though sadly none from behind. He sent them to Clint.
"You're a lucky man, Jack," Clint said. "I especially love the beach picture. I'm definitely going to use her in my next story. The more you can show me and tell me, the better it will be."
For the next couple of weeks, Jack was feverish with anticipation as his imagination ran riot with possible scenarios that Clint might create with Melissa. Every question that Clint had he answered in as much detail as possible. He hunted through their Facebook pages for more pictures to share with Clint, who kept pressuring Jack for pictures of her ass that Jack had praised so often. "Inspiration, Jack," he would say. "We'll have Melissa loving anal yet, just wait and see."
Fragments of Clint's story only served to excite him further:For years Melissa had avoided anal, despite her husband's entreaties. As a naive young girl, a college student away from home experiencing adult pleasures for the first time, she had allowed her then boyfriend to persuade her into trying it. His overeagerness and her fearful reluctance had made it not only a painful experience but also a humiliating and shameful one. But now, so many years later, she was ready to try again. The one thing that still held her back, that made her hesitate at the very point of surrender, was guilt. How could she allow this man, this comparative stranger, to have what she had always denied her adoring husband?
Jack was completely hooked. Clint knew exactly how to describe these fantasies and had an astonishing talent for expressing what Melissa would feel. And not just Melissa, but also the men who used her, who controlled her and conquered her sexually in ways Jack had only ever dreamed of. The whole experience developed into a full blown obsession...
Caught
... until he got caught.
"What are you doing?" Melissa asked. She would have laughed at his startled, guilty expression, except that it seemed to confirm her growing suspicion that Jack was cheating on her. The recent change in his behaviour had not gone unnoticed by her. Too often she had awoken to find herself alone in bed, and always his thoughts seemed to be elsewhere. Even the unusual intensity of his lovemaking, much as she had enjoyed it, had troubled her.
She hadn't meant to sneak up on him, but she hadn't made a point of being heard either - and she had been curious to see what was absorbing his attention in the middle of the night.
He fumbled an explanation, something about reading erotica (which, to be fair, she'd done herself often enough, and wasn't really anything to look so frightened about), but to his credit he didn't try to hide the screen - and it didn't seem to involve some other woman.
"So, what's this story about?" she asked, taking the tablet from him and curling up beside him.
Scott changed to the camera in the dining room as his wife led Cole through from the kitchen. The table was arranged for dinner, ten place settings around a long oak table. No food, of course, it was just for show. "Plenty of space," Bethany was saying, "for all the family." Scott chuckled. Was she really doing the sales pitch? Standing there naked apart from those fuck-me heels - or should that be fuck-me-again heels? - was all the sales pitch she needed.
And Cole, that magnificent bastard, was still hard, his porn-star-sized cock projecting from the zip of his dark suit trousers. Scott was a little surprised his wife could still walk after the treatment she had received in the kitchen. Her face had been the picture of ecstasy as Cole had railed her from behind - but Cole himself had not yet come. The man's stamina was as impressive as everything about him. He had promised to fuck Bethany in every room of the house, and was clearly able to pace himself.
Which was great, but Scott was still impatient for the moment his co-conspirator's cum filled his wife's cunt - the climax of the evening for him would be when she came home at last, and Scott would finally get to taste another man's cum in his wife's well fucked pussy.
That was really not what Melissa had expected. She wasn't entirely sure what to make of it. But she could feel Jack relaxing as she had read, except for that one body part that had stiffened suggestively. She curled her fingers about the warm shaft. "You like this story, then?" she asked curiously. "Do you like to imagine me with another man when you fuck me?"
Before he could answer, a notification appeared at the top of the screen. Melissa tensed. Hewaschatting with someone. "Who's Clint?" she asked anxiously. It had never occurred to her that Jack might be seeing a man.
"The author," Jack said, clearly flustered.
"The guy that wrote this story?" Scrolling up, saw that the author's name was indeed Clint.
"Yes," Jack said. "I've been chatting with him."
"Why?" It was obvious to her that he was holding something back.
"I can't explain it," Jack said, and then proceeded to do so. "His stories - I love them all. I messaged him to tell him I was a huge fan, and we just got talking. I even" - he took a deep breath - "asked him to write a story about you."
"You what!"
"It's really good. Here, I'll show you." Jack took the tablet from her and quickly found a message with a short passage of text.
They returned again to the motel where it had all started, Melissa dressed in that same sexy red dress as before, the same black, patent leather boots. This time, though, they arrived together, and as they entered the bar, Jack whispered in her ear, "Go to the restroom, take off your underwear, and bring them to me."
Melissa halted and turned half towards her husband. "Are you sure about this?" She herself could think of a hundred reasons why what they were doing was utterly foolish, but that only excited her further. Strange men would sneak peeks at her swollen nipples, catch glimpses of her wet, freshly shaved pussy, perhaps even grab her ass with overfamiliar hands.
And if her husband was very lucky, one or two of them might even pay for her services. Just how far she was willing to go, she did not yet know. "Yes," he said, nudging her forwards. For a brief moment her fingertips traced the outline of his bulging cock, and then she was off, striding towards her destiny.
It was a shock to see herself as a character in someone else's fantasy. It was a shock, too, that her husband had shared details of such a private experience with an absolute stranger. It was a shock - and yet, the scenario was profoundly erotic.
"I want to talk to him," she said.
*
Jack watched, bemused by how eagerly Melissa introduced herself to Clint, and how quickly they seemed to connect. It wasn't long before Clint was going through the same questions he'd asked Jack. Melissa blushed at some and giggled at others, but she seemed to be answering him honestly. "Do I enjoy giving blowjobs?" she asked Jack, her eyes glinting with amusement. "I love giving blowjobs," she replied to Clint. "And before you ask, yes I do swallow." Laughing, she added, "It's a lot less messier that way."
As they chatted about what positions she had tried, and what she liked, Jack teased her nipples through her T-shirt. There was no mistaking how aroused she was by all this dirty talk. "What about anal?" Clint asked eventually, and Jack held his breath. "Jack's been raving about what a gorgeous ass you have, and how men love to stare at it."
Melissa gave Jack a mock-sincere glare, and laughed. "Yes, my ass is perfect, but why are men so obsessed with anal?"
"If done right, it can be amazing - but you don't have to take my word for it. When you speak to my wife, Evelyn, you can ask her why she adores it."
It was all too much for Jack. With his hands, he encouraged Melissa to change position, until she straddled him where he sat. She lowered herself onto him without once looking away from the screen. Her pussy was so wet. Melissa moaned as she slid down his shaft, slowly, until he was completely inside her, and as she chatted - and no doubt flirted - with Clint, she rode Jack at her own gentle pace.
Jack wished Clint were able to see and hear as she bounced in his lap. "Have I ever done it with multiple partners?" she mused aloud. "Would I like to?" She didn't answer for a long time, and seemed more interested for a while in the single partner she had. Until she paused and started typing again. "I haven't, but I've often thought about it. What it would be like to have a cock in my mouth and another taking me from behind. When I sixty-nine my husband, and he's licking my clit and fingering me, I always wish there were someone else there to fuck me properly."
It was the first time Jack had heard her fantasy of multiple men. This was the first time Clint had chatted with Melissa, and he had already got her to share this secret fantasy with him. There was just something about him, an easy confidence, that got people to let their guard down. As Clint and Melissa arranged to talk again in the future, Jack increased the effort of his thrusting, loving the way Melissa's breasts bounced in time, until at last she gave in to her orgasm, her cries of pleasure loud in his ear. Moments later it was his turn, and he held her tightly as he came inside her.
It was such a relief to be able to share his obsession with her, and such a relief too that she had taken it so well. Maybe, indeed, it was even possible that some of these erotic wishes could yet come true.
*
Melissa left Jack to sleep - he'd been up all night, and in more ways than one - and found her way back to the erotic story she'd caught him reading.
Bethany ran her hand along the wall for balance as she climbed, wary about her too high, too sharp heels on the marble stairs, made more precarious by the way her legs shivered with fatigue. She had never understood before what it meant to have too much sex. She hadn't expected Cole to be quite so literal about having sex in every room of the house. She certainly hadn't expected that he would be so determined to make her come in every room in the house.
Was this really what Scott had wanted? Not merely to see her have sex with a stranger, but to be treated almost like a sex doll. It certainly wasn't 'making love'. There was no finesse, no seduction, no romance. Cole had basically called her a whore and seemed determined to treat her like one.
The horrible thing was, she found herself enjoying it too, once she was over the shock of it. In the downstairs bathroom, she'd been surprised to see a tube of lube by the sink. Cole had bent her rather obscenely over the toilet, and as his huge, thick cock, still as beautifully hard as ever, pulsing erotically with desire for her, hammered into her once again, she was alarmed to feel his finger, coated with cold gel, piercing her virgin ass.
"Please no," she whimpered, though she lacked the will to resist. Already his rhythmic thrusting into her soft, surely bruised centre, so thoroughly stretched along its full length by Cole's magnificent length, the friction exciting her clit wonderfully, was driving her towards her third orgasm of the past hour. The finger penetrating her ass - a forbidden and unwanted pleasure - just added to the sense that she was a whore for Cole to use.
And then, even as she climbed towards that precipice once again, she felt Cole stiffen within her, his already too big cock seeming to expand until she wanted to scream - in pain, in pleasure. They climaxed together, and she was almost too distracted by the way her ass clenched about the invading finger to fully enjoy the sensation of his cum bursting out against the entrance of her womb.
What if she got pregnant by him? She shouldn't, but no birth control was wholly effective...
Climbing the stairs, she could still feel the echo of that finger in her ass. She knew what it meant. She knew that sooner or later, it would be Cole's cock thrusting into her rear - unless, of course, her husband phoned to tell them to stop.
But it was too late for that. She wouldn't stop now even if he did. There was a stranger's cum leaking from her pussy, and Bethany wanted more. (Although she wouldn't mind getting a few hours' rest first.)
"Poor Bethany," Melissa murmured with a smile, and read on.
Face Time
Late one evening, a few days later, Melissa received a message from Clint: "Hi Melissa, are you free to chat about the story I'm writing for you and Jack? Also, Evelyn would love to say hi."
It was the first she'd heard from him since that night. She'd avoided talking with Jack about what had happened, beyond saying it had been fun. On the one hand, she was relieved that her husband wasn't having an affair with another woman - or a man, for that matter - but on the other... Opening up to a stranger about fantasies of infidelity was not a clever thing to do. Fantasies were one thing, but talking about them like this made them dangerously close to real.
"Does this mean you want to have sex with other women?" she'd asked Jack nervously, and hadn't quite believed his denial. He'd insisted that he just wanted to watch her with another man, and not even necessarily be involved. She'd always known he had a voyeuristic streak, but this seemed unlikely.
She stared at Clint's message. It felt wrong to reply while Jack was away - away overnight on business - but then again, Jack had started it without her, and she had a feeling he had shared an awful lot of personal information with Clint. So why shouldn't she?
Feeling more than a little naughty, she answered, "Hi, Clint! I'd love to." Already she could feel a thrill of excitement at the thought of more dirty talk and erotic fantasies.
"Do you have a camera? Evelyn wants to see the woman behind our new story."
That was a bit of a shock. She hadn't expected they'd be video chatting. "Hold on a few minutes," she wrote back, and hurriedly made herself presentable. She opted for red lace lingerie that only her husband had ever seen, and otherwise only a black silk nightgown. She touched up her makeup quickly, and brushed her hair. It felt almost as if she was readying herself for a date.
Finally, sitting cross-legged on her bed with the laptop in front of her, she took a deep breath and switched the camera on. "Hi," she said.
To her relief, Clint and Evelyn looked perfectly normal, not weird at all. Clint, even, was ruggedly handsome, with steely grey eyes that caught her attention. His short, blond hair had a touch of grey, but he was very fit. His arms looked well defined and muscular, and his T-shirt served to emphasize his strong shoulders and chest.
They smiled back at her and waved as they chorused, "Hi, Melissa!"
She grinned back at them. The couple were sitting on a love seat together, and she wished Jack were there so they could do this together. Or maybe not, because Evelyn was gorgeous. Tall and full-figured, what Jack would no doubt describe as a voluptuous beauty - her pink silk pyjamas seemed hardly able to contain her. Her dark hair was tied back in a ponytail, and her green eyes, intense and arresting, were half-hidden behind old-fashioned librarian glasses.
"We're drinking wine," Clint said as he poured glasses for himself and his wife. "Why don't you have some too." He smiled warmly at her, and there was a genuine happiness about him when he smiled, which made him even more appealing to her.
"Okay." Melissa dashed downstairs and returned not just with a glass but also the bottle. It was, she decided, much more fun to have company like this than being stuck watching the television alone. Clint and Evelyn seemed more like old friends than distant strangers.
"Cheers to new friends," Evelyn said, and Melissa was surprised by the accent.
"I'll drink to that," Melissa replied, and took a sip. "Are you British?"
"I'm a Manchester lass."
"Like the soccer team?"
Evelyn laughed. "Thefootballteam, yes. Though it's ten years since I was back." She leaned forward, closer to the screen, and Melissa knew she was being examined. Nervously, she took another sip of wine and tried to appear nonchalant. "You're so pretty!" Evelyn enthused, leaning back again. "No wonder my husband can't stop thinking of you."
Melissa felt the heat rise in her cheeks. More than ever, she felt like she was cheating on her husband just talking with Clint and Evelyn. "Don't embarrass the poor girl, Evelyn," Clint said. "It's just a story."
Evelyn snorted with amusement. "Melissa knelt before Clint," she said theatrically, "admiring the proud shaft that dwarfed her husband's lesser tool. At last she had found a challenge worthy of her oral skills. Ow!" She glowered sulkily at her husband as she massaged the nipple he had just pinched.
"Shush," he said sternly.
Melissa laughed at their antics, but could still feel herself blushing brightly. Had Clint really written that? Not only writing about her, but putting himself in the story with her?
She decided she liked Evelyn. There was an open playfulness about her that she felt she could relate to. "So tell me, Melissa," the playful sex bomb said, "have you read any of my husband's stories?"
"A few," she admitted.
"Yes? Which is your favourite?"
"The one with Bethany."
"Ahh... Bethany and Cole. What did you think of Cole?"
Honestly? That she wouldn't mind being in Bethany's position for a day, brutally fucked for hours... or maybe not. She shrugged. "He's a bit of a bastard."
"Aye, that he is," Evelyn said, chuckling. "Aren't you, dear?" She kissed her husband's cheek. "Would you like to see Cole's cock, Melissa?"
Stunned, Melissa could only nod. Clint sighed as if irritated by this turn of events, but adjusted position to allow his wife to remove his pyjama bottoms and boxers, and so reveal a cock that was, in truth, significantly larger than any Melissa had ever seen outside porn. "Wow," she said.
"Wow indeed," Evelyn echoed, stroking her husband's cock as it hardened. "They say you should write what you know."
Melissa could hardly believe what she was seeing. "Wait," she said. "Was that a true story? Bethany's a real person?"
"Yes and no," Clint said. "There's a man called Scott who persuaded his wife - Bethany - to have sex with me, and afterwards I wrote that story based on their experience, but the story itself is fiction. There was no coercion, and sadly no million dollar mansion."
"You remind me of Bethany," Evelyn said. "I can just imagine you dressed like her." She laughed. "Or not dressed, like her. Naked in the kitchen wearing nothing but red stilettos."
"Or perhaps black, patent leather boots," Clint mused, looking knowingly at the camera, straight at Melissa.
The heat was back in her cheeks. Melissa examined her bare feet, wondering if she dared. When she looked up at the screen again, Evelyn had bent down to suck on her husband's erect cock, and Clint was still gazing into the camera with those steely-grey eyes.
"Back in a minute," Melissa said. Jumping up off the bed, she discarded her nightgown and extracted the glossy leather boots she only ever wore in the bedroom - except for that one time at the motel bar. Again she felt that sense that she was being unfaithful to her husband, but was too excited to care. She was amused to feel how wet her red lace thong was, and wondered whether the wetness would be obvious to the others.
Excited, nervous, more than a little guilty, she slid back onto the bed in front of the camera.
Clint's smile blazed with warmth. "See, I told you she's an exhibitionist at heart."
Evelyn sat up, abandoning her husband's swollen cock to examine Melissa once again. "Tasty," she said. "And now I feel overdressed..." She unbuttoned her pyjama top, baring her huge, beautiful breasts.
Melissa cleared her throat, trying to maintain her composure. She poured a fresh glass of wine and took a big gulp. "You two are both so hot," she said. "I mean, your breasts are beautiful, Evelyn, and Clint..." She laughed at how ridiculous she probably seemed. "Your penis is... wow."
"I agree," Evelyn said, nodding. "And judging by just how hard he is, Clint thinks you're wow too."
On impulse, Melissa spread her legs and angled the camera towards the soaked crotch of her lace thong. "I'm so wet," she said. "Can you see how wet I am?"
"What do you think of that, Clint?" Evelyn asked her husband.
"I think I am in love," he murmured. "I wish I could reach through the screen and touch it."
Evelyn laughed. "Melissa," she said, "I need my husband to fuck me right now, but we'd both love to watch you finger that sweet pussy while we do. Maybe we can all come at the same time."
The tiny voice at the back of her head that was still telling her to be sensible urged her to exit now and leave the erotic author and his even more erotic wife to their private erotic pleasure. It pointed out quite reasonably that she wasn't a cam girl and didn't need to share a close-up of her intimate parts with horny strangers over the internet, and even sternly reminded her that there was no guarantee a recording of this wouldn't end up on a porn site somewhere. After all, both Clint and Evelyn would pass as actual porn stars, so who knew?
She couldn't resist any longer. With a whimper of need, she rubbed her clit through the lacy material. Even if she did end up on some internet porn site, she suspected her husband would be wanking off to it every chance he could get.
Evelyn was on all fours, side-on to the camera, Clint behind her, both of them keeping half an eye on the screen and Melissa's stroking fingers. Melissa had a perfect view in profile of Clint's cock easing into Evelyn's pussy, and Evelyn's breasts looked even more tantalizingly perfect as they bounced gently in time with Clint's lazy thrusting.
It was like having her own private porn show. It was even more like being part of her own private porn show. She might not be there in person, but in every other way that mattered she was there with them, fucking with them, indulging in a virtual threesome without her husband's knowledge or permission.
There was something almost hypnotically beautiful about the regular pounding of Clint's cock into his wife's pussy. Her expression of blissful happiness told Melissa everything she needed to know about how it felt. She imagined herself in Evelyn's position. She imagined herself on all fours while Clint's huge cock drove deep into her, as powerful and perfect as the piston of a steam engine.
She tugged her thong to the side so that she could touch herself directly. "Oh, lovely," Clint said, seeing her exposed pussy.
"Do my ass, honey," Evelyn said, looking straight at Melissa. "I want to feel your thick cock in my tight ass."
Clint eased out of his wife's pussy, and lined up instead at that other entrance. Melissa paused her self-pleasure, both disturbed and intrigued by what she was watching. In her experience - admittedly limited - anal sex was painful in every way, and she was convinced that the idea women could enjoy it was something of an urban legend, a fiction promoted by the adult entertainment industry. That it was something some women tolerated just to please their men.
But if it was a fiction, then Evelyn's acting was superb. She seemed genuinely to want it, and even to welcome that huge cock as it nudged its way, inch by inch, within. "Fuck," Evelyn whispered, her eyes momentarily closed. "Oh my fucking fuck fuck." Opening her eyes again, she looked into the camera. "You have to try this, Melissa. Seriously. It's fucking awesome."
As Clint gradually picked up the pace, Melissa returned her attention to her clit, working it with a feverish need. She imagined herself in Evelyn's place again, this time wondering what it would feel like to have Clint driving that monster into her ass. Evelyn's loud cries of pleasure crossed hundreds of miles to echo in her bedroom to blend with her own moans of aching need as she neared her climax. "I'm close," she called out to them. "I'm close!"
Clint's untiring cock continued pistoning into Evelyn's rear. "Yes! Fuck, yes!" Evelyn called out. "Come in my ass, Clint." Balancing awkwardly on one hand, she reached for her clit with the other. "Come in my ass," she repeated.
Melissa climaxed with a cry of relief, and made an effort to keep her pussy displayed to the camera as her body convulsed in helpless pleasure. On the screen in front of her, Clint grunted with sudden strained effort, and Evelyn cried out in ecstasy. "Yes! Fucking yes! Fill my ass with your cum!"
Still riding out the tail end of her orgasm, Melissa burst out laughing. It was funny hearing all that profanity in a British accent.
The Talk
"We met in Edinburgh."
"Edinburgh, Scotland, not Indiana."
Evelyn rolled her eyes. "Scotland, yes. We were both studying engineering, both of us foreigners - to be English in Scotland is to be a foreigner - and we got to be friends." She smiled fondly at Clint over a glass of wine, some Italian white with a touch of sparkle. Jack wasn't a big wine drinker, but it went well with the pasta carbonara.
He found Evelyn fascinating, and not least because of her voluptuous figure, like a character straight out of Clint's stories. She had a playful, earthy sexuality along with a British accent that he found endearing. Maybe, he hoped, there was a bit of wife-swapping on the cards, and he would get to know her better. Clint had said she loved anal, and Jack's thoughts kept drifting into Evelyn growling like a dirty slut as he held her long, dark hair like a rein and hammered away at her tight, beautiful ass.
"We even shared a flat in the final year, which was interesting," she was saying. "Clint was always bringing different girls home, and so was I. Sometimes it was even the same girls."
Seeing Jack's perplexed expression, she laughed. "Oh, I like men too. Nothing quite beats a hard cock, right, Melissa?"
"No," Melissa agreed, smiling.
"No, and Clint's always given me what I need in that regard, but we would never deny each other the opportunity to pursue new relationships - and it's no secret that Clint has his eye on your Melissa, Jack."
Melissa blushed, but didn't seem particularly alarmed, or even surprised. Jack wasn't surprised either. Indeed, he was hoping something would come of it. Ever since he had written that first message to Clint, he'd been hoping against hope that somehow his wife could be persuaded to fuck another man. Just the thought of it had his cock surging to life within his confining underwear. He tried to adjust position subtly.
"Indeed," Clint said. "Let us be honest, here. Lay our cards on the table, so to speak. The reason we invited you to stay the night here was to have this very discussion. What we have here, between us, is a confluence of interests. Jack - and correct me if I'm wrong - has a burning desire to watch his wife with another man. I would dearly love to be that other man. And Melissa..."
Melissa was staring down at the table, her cheeks aflame. Clint smiled as he regarded her. "Melissa, I do suspect, would take great pleasure in being watched. But - and this is dreadfully important - neither Evelyn nor I wish to be responsible for breaking up a relationship, and you, Jack and Melissa, have a wonderful and loving relationship. Unless you are absolutely honest with each other about what you want - and, more importantly, what you need - then we cannot help. The step from fantasy to reality is one that changes everything."
As speeches go, Jack thought morosely, that was certainly one to kill the mood, though he thought he understood the point being made. Melissa had lifted her head and was staring at Clint with a surprised expression.
"What my dear husband is trying to say," Evelyn said, "is that the two of you should have a nice long talk, and if you decide your relationship is fine the way it is, then we'll spend the night drinking wine and talking about sex, and in the morning you'll go home, live happily ever after, and always remember tonight as the night you almost threw it all away."
Laughing, she added, "Or maybe you're ready to expand your horizons. Try something new. Now, who wants ice cream?"
*
It was no million-dollar mansion, but it was cleverly designed to give a sense of freedom and space. Out front there was a driveway with plenty of parking, while the house itself, from the street, seemed unremarkable. Inside, upstairs, were two spacious and luxurious ensuite bedrooms. The downstairs had a small bathroom beneath the stairs but was otherwise a wide open-plan kitchen slash dining room slash lounge, simply and elegantly furnished. "I love it," Melissa had said during their tour on arrival. Her enthusiasm for interior decoration had always been lost on him.
Jack had nodded, a little disappointed not to see the more erotic character of their hosts on display. He had half expected there to be a dungeon in the basement and dildos on display in the bedrooms, and maybe a sex swing or two. On the other hand, the downstairs layout was perfect for large gatherings that could spill out through the double doors at the back, into a garden with high walls all around, ideal for pool parties, nude sunbathing and even hot tub orgies. He could think of at least a dozen scenes from Clint's erotic stories that could have been researched there.
After dinner, in the relative privacy of the guest bedroom, they had The Talk. Melissa was agitated, pacing the room the way she did when especially troubled by something. She'd been quiet all day, really, barely talking during the five hour journey in the car. Which confused Jack, because she'd got on so well with Clint and Evelyn over the internet. "I thought you liked them."
"I do," she protested. "More and more."
"Then what's the problem?"
"Because this is a fantasy, Jack. It's fun to imagine being this person you all want me to be. It's exciting to talk about it - when I know it isn't real. It's like at that motel bar. It was fun to flirt with that guy, but I knew you were there to stop anything happening. Otherwise I'd have been terrified. Same with Clint and Evelyn. It's fun to flirt with them, but what you're asking is a whole other level of fucked up."
Jack slumped onto the bed, feeling strangely hurt by her sudden anger, and distressed too that just at the point when he had finally allowed himself to believe that his dream could come true, she had snatched that hope away from him.
"I liked the way we were, Jack. We were happy. Before you got hooked on all those stories. We have a home, good jobs, great sex. Really, no complaints. You want to pretend you're a stranger and treat me like a whore, that's fine by me, but... you and me, Jack. That's all I really want."
Jack said nothing. He knew she was right, and yet the idea of giving up his dream was acutely painful. "I don't know," he said unhappily. "I don't know if I can settle for that any more."
Melissa sighed. "I was open to trying it," she said. "Until we got here, and then I saw you ogling Evelyn's breasts and eyeing up her ass, and all I could think of was you chasing other women, because they've got bigger tits than me or because they think anal is awesome, and why the fuck do I feel like I'm being pressured into having anal sex, Jack? Is that what this is all really about? You endlessly wanting to fuck my ass when you know I don't want to."
The pain of all her accusation was too much to bear. "No," he said, "it has nothing to do with me being with other women. I mean, of course I'm attracted to her, I'm a guy, but... Melissa, I love you. You're the only woman I want. It's just..."
"It's just you want to watch me fuck other men."
He nodded.
For a long time they were both silent. Jack thought about their life, and how good it was, and how much he wished he could let go of this obsession of his. Maybe he just needed to see a therapist, find some way of overcoming this perverse need. Maybe -
"Maybe," Melissa said, and he looked up in desperate hope. She no longer seemed angry, merely thoughtful. "Maybe I can." Her voice was soft. Her expression serious. "But only me. And only because it's what you want." She gave an exasperated sigh.
"It's what I need," Jack whispered.
"If I do this," she continued, "then who I fuck, and how - and when - I fuck them, is my business alone. You may - or may not - get to watch, but you don't get any say."
"Agreed," Jack said quickly, his spirits soaring.
Melissa held up her hand for patience. "If it doesn't work out for either of us, we will seek an amicable divorce and go our separate ways."
That was harder to answer. "Agreed," he said eventually.
She ran her fingers nervously through her hair, her whole body radiating tension. "And now I need you to fuck me, Jack, and hard, because it might be for the last time."
*
Jack stared back at Melissa, equally nervous. Something important had changed between them, and he could sense it in the way she held herself. A sadness, but also a new strength. She was still the same beautiful woman he had loved for years, who had been his and only his for years, but she was now also the woman who would be giving herself to other lovers because he needed her to. Perhaps she would spread her legs for Clint as soon as they went downstairs. Perhaps she would play the whore for Clint the way she sometimes did for Jack. He squirmed in discomfort as his swelling cock strained against his trousers.
"Strip," he said. "Take everything off. Wear the boots."
She snorted with gentle amusement, but quickly did as asked. Jack readied himself too, pulling off his trousers and boxers and revealing his eager erection. Melissa, who was bent over zipping up her boots, the high heels and black leather giving her a gorgeously slutty appearance, glanced across at him. "You do know I'm going to be fucking much bigger cocks than yours, sweetheart," she said, in a very matter-of-fact way.
Far from upsetting him, her words only spurred him on. As soon as she was standing again, he pushed her onto the bed. He straddled her there as she tried to wriggle away, and pinned her wrists to the bed with one hand. With the other, he grabbed at her breasts, squeezing them and pinching her nipples until she gasped with pain. Pressing his rigid cock against her soft belly, he growled, "A cock-hungry whore like you probably won't even charge them. You'd suck their cocks and swallow their cum for free."
"Oh no, honey," she replied, still trying to wriggle free of his grasp. "No freebies. It's always money up front."
Jack bent to suck on her nipples, biting and licking them gently, and used his knees to force her legs apart. They'd played this game before, of course, but her teasing about the size of his cock was a new and humiliating addition. It didn't dampen his arousal at all, though. The bigger her future lovers were, the more it excited him. He guided his lesser member to her pussy, and was delighted by how aroused she was. "You slut," he growled, "you've never been this wet before." With one determined thrust, he buried himself in her.
"Are you in yet, honey?" she asked, sounding bored. "Cos I've got other clients waiting."
She'd wanted it hard, so he gave it to her hard, and very quickly she gave up her pretence of indifference. She thrust up her hips in time to meet his, and when one of her wrists escaped his grip, she was able to pinch his nipples in a painful but welcome way. "If you come in me," she warned, "I'm charging double."
She was too much for him, or he was too excited by what was to come. Jack moaned as he climaxed, and held himself still and buried as deep inside his wife as he could get as he convulsed in pleasure. "Sorry," he said after, knowing she was far from finished. "Do you want -"
"No." She pulled his head down so she could kiss him. "I love you, Jack, but I will never be entirely yours again. Are you sure that's what you want?"
Jack sighed. "Is there any way I could convince you? Without letting it happen?"
"No," she admitted.
"Then do it, and I will convince you after."
*
It made no sense to her. None of it. But she understood that by a bizarre twist of fate her marriage hinged on her future infidelity. It frustrated her, because surely the whole point of marriage was you didn't need to pick up strangers in bars and bring them home.
Not that Melissa had ever done that exactly, but she felt unexpectedly under a pressure to do so. It was all an unnecessary complication when she would have been perfectly happy to spend her Saturday evenings warm and safe and clean, and curled up in front of the TV.
On the other hand...
After showering, she dressed, conscious that she about to go downstairs and announce to Clint and Evelyn that she was now available to fuck. It was a confusing and unnatural thought, but one that stirred a certain anticipation.
Clint was an attractive man. A very attractive man. Very well endowed too and confident in his sexual prowess. Ever since watching him with Evelyn, she'd been weaving him into her fantasies. The only difference now was those fantasies could become real. Very likely would become real.
He'd understood her well too. "Melissa," he'd said, "would take great pleasure in being watched." She'd seldom in the past had the courage to explore her exhibitionist side, apart from those times Jack had taken her to a restaurant and had persuaded her to go without underwear.
And then, horny and alone in her bedroom, she'd gone all the way, giving Clint and Evelyn a close-up of her pussy over the internet as she drove herself to an intense orgasm. The memory was as embarrassing now as it was exciting.
On a wicked impulse, she removed the lace knickers she'd just put on. Her dark green dress was short too. She'd never dare this normally, but the company was good. She decided on the leather boots too, the same ones she'd just worn while letting Jack fuck her like a whore - he'd been so hard! So excited! Even after she'd teased him about the size of his cock, which really wasn't all that small. It had always satisfied her, anyway. But it was nothing like Clint's.
Melissa hadn't had sex with anyone apart from Jack in years, and she'd only had a couple of boyfriends before him. What if she was too tense? What if it hurt? What if she hated the experience and refused to do it ever again? Would that mean the marriage was over?
Jack emerged from the bathroom, dressed up smart. "Ready?" he asked, his eyes glittering with excitement as he studied her.
"No," she replied honestly, but took his hand for courage and allowed him to lead her down the stairs.
It was pitch black outside but warm with firelight inside. Clint and Evelyn were in their pyjamas and nestled together on one cream leather sofa, a matching second sofa arranged conveniently opposite with a faux sheepskin rug between. Clint had a tablet and looked like he was writing, possibly even another of his erotic stories. Evelyn was leafing through a magazine. Both looked up at Melissa and Jack and she wondered how much they could see of her.
She wondered it again as she and Jack took their places opposite their hosts. She kept her knees together, but was aware of how their gazes lingered on her barely concealed crotch. Her own gaze lingered a little too long on Clint's as she tried to see the outline of the splendid cock that might very soon be thrusting into her.
"Patience, dear," Evelyn said with a smirk, and Melissa felt herself blushing. "I think we can guess, but why don't you tell us what you have decided."
Evelyn's intense green eyes, framed by those serious spectacles once more, seemed to demand the answer from Melissa, who found herself explaining shyly, "We have agreed that I will sleep with other partners, and sometimes Jack can watch." To her own ears it sounded ridiculous, but Evelyn's reaction was a nod of approval with only the faintest glimmer of amusement.
"Well," said Clint, whose grey eyes focussed on Melissa with undisguised desire. "I think that calls for a celebration. Who's for champagne?"
Not waiting for an answer, he crossed to the kitchen and took four champagne flutes from a cupboard. Melissa watched as he cracked open a bottle and poured the sparkling wine with a practiced hand. As he strolled back over to the sofas, there was no mistaking the bulge in his dark silk pyjama bottoms. Indeed, it was close enough at one point for her to reach out and touch, though she resisted.
"Let's toast," Evelyn said.
"Yes," agreed Clint, and lifted his glass. "To the infinite beauty of women."
The chilled wine was a delight. "I don't think I've ever had real champagne before," Melissa said.
"I adore it," Evelyn said. "So, Jack. Are you content with this new arrangement?"
He laughed nervously. "Well, obviously I'd like more, but yes. I'm content."
"Well, of course we all want more," she said. "Me, personally, I want your lovely wife to lie on this rug here and spread her legs for us."
Melissa felt herself blushing again. Somehow Evelyn always knew how to trigger her blushes.
"I also would love to see that," Clint said.
"Me too," Jack said quietly.
They were all looking at her, waiting expectantly. "Oh, okay," she said, acting irritated but secretly delighted. Taking a quick sip of champagne first - it was disappearing quickly - Melissa slipped off the sofa and onto her back on the soft sheepskin rug. There was something so decadent about it. Finally, she parted her legs, knowing they would have an unimpeded view of her pussy. She didn't need to touch herself to know she was wet, and probably visibly so. She did wonder, though, if there was visible evidence of their recent love-making - if you could call it that.
"Exquisite," Clint said.
"Good enough to eat," Evelyn murmured.
"Don't let me stop you."
"Don't tease the poor girl, dear. You can see she's desperate for your cock."
Melissa snorted with laughter, but chose not to deny it. She was rewarded with the sight of Clint undressing himself slowly, baring his chest first, then removing his pyjama bottoms to reveal his hardening cock in all its glory.
"Come here, honey," Evelyn said, kneeling down by Melissa's head. He stood the other side of her, so that Melissa was looking straight up at his erect length as Evelyn's lips engulfed it. She had never seen a blowjob from this angle before. Her fingers drifted down to her exposed pussy, teasing her clit as she watched the show, and found herself admiring the pink-silk-clad curves of Evelyn's chest.
The couple parted, and Evelyn grinned down at Melissa as Clint circled round and knelt between her parted thighs. She looked down nervously at the huge weapon that was lining up for entry. She glanced across at Jack who seemed hypnotised by the same sight. Nothing in his posture or expression suggested he wanted any of this to stop.
And then the soft head of that huge weapon nudged against the soft folds of her entrance, and she let out a startled sigh. She flinched, a last moment of rebellion against this new reality, and still Jack was silent, and then Clint was pressing into her, and she surrendered.
She gasped at how thick he was, his girth opening her like never before. His cold grey eyes devoured her as his powerful shaft pushed ever deeper, stretching her wider than she had ever experienced, reaching depths never before plundered. "Oh, wow," she kept saying, and he still wasn't fully inside.
His firm nudging became a determined thrusting. As strange as it was to have this unfamiliar cock within her, this man who was not her husband, it was strange and wonderful too, lying clothed on the sheepskin rug with its soft hair tickling her neck and thighs, her husband watching avidly from one side, her lover's wife watching from the other. All eyes were on her in this doubly adulterous act.
Melissa cried out in surprise and discomfort as he bumped against her cervix, and for a while it seemed he was trying to penetrate her womb, which was surely impossible - and yet, suddenly he was deeper still. She'd never suspected there could be such pleasure from such deep penetration. He was brushing against parts of her that she had never even felt before. She wished she had taken her bra off earlier too, but elected to suffer its discomfort.
Clint paused and lifted her boots over his shoulders. "Ready?" he asked.
She nodded. "Yes."
This time he thrust in hard and she felt the impact as much against her back and shoulders, but the friction exciting her clit distracted her completely. It was a rush of pure sensation that coupled with an incredible, momentary feeling of complete fullness, and even as she caught her breath he was driving in again. He was fast and hard and regular and tireless, each movement astonishing her, building that familiar and welcome tension.
She'd worried before that she would be too tense to enjoy this experience, but now she wondered if ordinary sex with her husband could ever satisfy her again. "I'm close," she warned as she teetered on the precipice, a moment of ecstatic need that she wished would last forever. Waves of pleasure radiated from her core as she climaxed, convulsing endlessly as Clint continued pounding his thick cock deep and hard into her. "Yes," she cried, "yes," repeatedly, as her orgasm seemed to continue forever. Her eyes met Jack's, whose expression was one of fierce excitement.
"I'm done," she said at last, and sighed with relief as Clint lowered her feet to the ground.
"Not yet," he said, and she gave a whine of complaint as he rolled her over onto her front. She felt the hair of the rug tickle her face and her over-sensitive clit, and then Clint guided that amazing cock into her once more. There was nothing she could do but lie there and accept it, but it was undeniably good and soon the tension was building again.
She climaxed a second time, and a third, and still he wasn't done. Standing, he pulled her up onto her knees, and pressed his cock against her lips, demanding entry into her mouth. Melissa tasted herself on him as she licked his shaft and sucked on the weeping head. She wondered if this was how he wanted to finish, by filling her mouth with his cum, but then he moved to the sofa, pulling her with him until she sat astride him, her back to him, facing Jack.
Melissa studied her husband as she rode Clint's cock. She was close to exhaustion, but so far Clint was the one who had done all the hard work. She wasn't sure she could manage to come again, but as she felt him stiffening within her, seeming to stretch her more than ever, it pushed her over the edge once again. She looked into Jack's eyes and cried out in ecstasy as cum burst into her depths.
"Bravo!" Evelyn cried, clapping enthusiastically. "Encore!"
*
"Let's get you to bed," Jack said, which made her giggle as he helped her to her feet. Between her fatigue and her high heels, he had to hold her tightly to keep her stable as they climbed the stairs.
Once they were in their room, the door closed, she stopped for a minute. "I think," she said slowly, "I'm going to enjoy this new arrangement of ours." She sighed with sudden annoyance. "I need a shower, but I just want to sleep."
"Shower in the morning," Jack said firmly, and guided her, still fully dressed, to the bed.
"Wait," she said, and managed to unclasp and remove her bra. "Better." She lay on the bed and allowed him to spread her legs wide.
The picture she made was both obscene and beautiful. In bed, still in her green dress and black, patent leather boots, only semi-conscious, her pussy once again on open display. Freshly and very well fucked. Her thighs and pussy wet with another man's cum. It was his dream come true. "I need to have you right now."
"Fine," she murmured. "Try not to wake me."
And, indeed, she drifted off to sleep even as he thrust his achingly hard cock into her soft, warm pussy, made slippery by Clint's cum. He thrust into her as gently as he could bear, happy to make the experience last as long as it could. She shifted uncomfortably under him from time to time, but only woke up once. "If you come in me," she mumbled, "I'll have to charge you double." And then she was asleep again.
She really was the perfect whore. Moments later he shuddered to a finish, adding a third helping of cum to her well used cunt - and, afterwards, kissed her tenderly on her sleeping lips. "Thank you, Melissa," he whispered. "I love you."
Cinderella
Evelyn phoned her early the following Friday morning. "I need a favour, and I promise it's one you'll enjoy. Old friends of ours are coming to dinner tonight, and we usually do a wife swap - but this time Clint and I are thinking to do it a bit differently."
Melissa could kind of guess where this was going. "Okay..." she prompted.
"Yeah, so basically we're looking for a couple of our gorgeous married girl-friends to be sex kittens tonight. You won't need to do anything you're uncomfortable with, but I know you love to suck and fuck with an audience."
"Hmm."
"And, of course, we'd love for you to stay over till Sunday. Just you, though, this time. We'll set up a camera for Jack to watch."
Melissa checked her calendar, but there was nothing major, and it sounded like an adventurous way to progress her new arrangement with Jack. "I can probably be there midafternoon."
"Awesome! But can you do a slight detour and pick up Cinderella on the way? I'll text you the address."
"I guess... Who's Cinderella?"
Evelyn laughed. "You'll see. Thanks, dear. Tonight will be great!"
Afterwards, Melissa stared at her phone. She'd just agreed to spend the whole weekend away from her husband, having sex with people who were not her husband, without even consulting her husband. She wondered whether to phone him and consult him now - but why disrupt his whole day. She'd leave him a note instead.
The phone chirped as the address came through.
It was early afternoon when she pulled up outside a large suburban home, the kind she could only dream of owning. It would be too big for her needs anyway. The man who opened the door was a few years older than her, not unattractive, and in good physical condition. He was dressed in a smart but casual fashion that somehow suited the house, as did the five-year-old girl clinging to his trouser leg.
"Um, hi," Melissa said, wondering if this was some practical joke of Evelyn's. "Is Cinderella here?"
The girl ran inside shouting, "Mommy!"
The father examined Melissa with fresh curiosity, quite openly undressing her with his eyes. It shocked her for a moment, until it occurred to her that he might have a very good idea what her weekend would be like. That he might be imagining her as the centerpiece of an orgy - and Melissa's inner exhibitionist was secretly thrilled.
Cinderella looked like a respectable suburban wife in office clothes. She was a little shorter than Melissa, her curly blonde hair was a few shades darker, and she had a pretty face with subtle make-up, designer specs and a no-nonsense expression. "I'll be out in a minute," she said, and disappeared inside again.
Five minutes later she climbed into the passenger seat, and gave a last wave to her husband and daughter. Melissa put the car in gear and pulled away. "Hi," she said, "I'm Melissa."
"Just a minute," Cinderella said, unlocking her phone and tapping quickly. She was calling someone. "Phil. Hi. Something's come up and I can't make the meeting this afternoon. Can you cover? ... Cool. Also, sorry sweetheart, but I'm going to have to cancel tonight. I promise I'll make it up to you next week. ... No, I'll be out of town all weekend. ... No, he has to stay at home and look after Sarah. ... If you must know, I just met a hot new girl. I promise I'll tell you all about it on Monday."
She sighed and turned to Melissa, holding up her phone. "Say hi to Phil."
"Hi, Phil," Melissa said in her sexiest voice.
"Happy?" Cinderella said, sitting back again. "Uh huh. Love you too. Bye..." She ended the call and snorted gently. "Men."
Melissa smiled. "So, I'm guessing your name's not really Cinderella."
Cinderella laughed. "Evelyn likes to think of herself as my fairy godmother, granting wishes of clothing and erotic adventure, while making sure I'm home by midnight. Although not this time, obviously. The name's Bethany."
Melissa twisted round to look at her so abruptly that she nearly steered the car off the road. "Fuck!" she hissed as she corrected the steering. "Fuck. Sorry." She glanced over at her passenger again, more carefully this time.
Bethany looked amused. "I guess you read the story, then."
"Uh, huh."
"What did you think of it?"
"It was hot. I wanted to be you."
Bethany laughed. "I'm sure it could be, if you wanted. Just tell Clint you want to be treated like a whore for a day."
Melissa, thinking back to the previous Saturday and her first ever extramarital fuck, considered she'd probably got off lightly. In Bethany's story, Cole-a.k.a.-Clint had been a pitiless bastard, determined not only to have his way with her but also to ensure she was left feeling cheap and degraded - which would have been horrifying if Bethany hadn't ended up loving it.
"So," she said, as they pulled onto the highway a few minutes later, "that was Scott?"
"That," Bethany concurred, "was Scott, my husband whose idea of marital bliss is staying home while I go out."
"Does it bother you?"
She shrugged. "Sometimes. It bothers me that one day Sarah will figure out that Cinderella has been doing a lot more than dancing with princes." She turned in her seat to get a better look at Melissa. "So, what's your story? Your husband like to watch?"
It was a strange thing to have to admit to anyone. "Yes."
"How long you been doing it?"
"Since last weekend."
Bethany whistled. "Practically a virgin. What's his name? Got any kids?"
"Jack, and no."
"Are you trying?" She laughed. "I guess not."
"No."
The traffic on the highway gradually eased. Bethany glanced round, unclipped her seat belt, and proceeded to strip out of her dress shirt. Her vest and bra followed suit, treating both Melissa and any sharp-eyed occupants passing in the other direction to an eyeful of her bared breasts. Unhurriedly, she took a pink T-shirt from her backpack and squeezed into it. The fit was tight and the thin material made the absence of a bra obvious.
Kicking off her sensible office shoes, Bethany wiggled out of her trousers and replaced them with a short, tartan skirt. Her knickers came off next, and with her legs spread wide to reveal her entirely hairless pussy, she snapped an intimate selfie.
"Who's that for?"
"My Instagram."
From her bag she extracted a pair of see-through stripper heels with high platforms, and a makeup kit. By the time she was done, Melissa's passenger had transformed from Bethany the serious suburban mom into Bethany the exotic dancer. "You really are Cinderella," she commented. "I love the lipstick."
Bethany's lips were now an intense fuchsia that made them look utterly kissable. Melissa hadn't kissed a girl since her wild college days - relatively wild, that is. Tame compared to recent events. "I can't tell you what a relief it is to meet someone who's already been through what I'm going through," she said. "For the past week or two I've been feeling like a pervert in a dysfunctional marriage."
Bethany raised an eyebrow and smiled slyly. "Well, technically you are."
Melissa laughed. "Yes, but now I know I'm not the only one."
"No." Bethany stared out of the window for a while, then turned suddenly and asked, "Ever done it with a girl?"
"No." Melissa could feel herself blushing. She had in fact just been thinking of kissing Bethany, and maybe going further. "You?"
"A few times. It can be fun, but it's not really my thing. Scott loves it, though."
On the few occasions Jack had raised the possibility of a threesome with a woman, Melissa had flatly refused. Not because she herself disliked the idea of being with another woman, but because she hated the idea of Jack being with another woman. But things were different now. "Evelyn did say there would be a camera," she mused aloud.
"Mmm, yes," Bethany said, darting a look of amusement towards Melissa, "and our poor husbands are without us all weekend long."
*
No one was home at Clint and Evelyn's, but Bethany plucked the spare key from a nearby plant pot and they let themselves in. Melissa noticed the camera immediately - on a tripod and aimed at the sofas and the sheepskin rug between - but it wasn't connected to anything. "Later, then," Bethany said.
"I need a shower first anyway," Melissa said and led the way upstairs to the guest bedroom. On the bed were two small piles of dark clothing, each topped with a pair of ankle boots, black with red laces and two-inch platforms. The piles were labelled, one 'Cinderella' and the other 'Melissa'. Between them was a makeup kit. "Well, at least I don't need to think what to wear."
"Or what not to wear," Bethany said, examining the garments. She studied what looked a bit like a black garter belt for a few seconds, and then her perplexed expression cleared and she wound it round her chest. It was an open cup bra, designed to accentuate the breasts without even attempting to cover them. "I may have to keep this."
Apart from the boots and the bra that wasn't a bra, there were only black stockings with a cuban heel and red seam, and an actual garter belt. Melissa showered first, but was still fighting to clip the stockings to the garter belt when Bethany emerged. "I can't get the seam straight," Melissa whined.
"It gets easier with practice." Bethany knelt down behind her and helped to adjust the stockings and fasten the garters. Melissa was acutely aware of the soft hands caressing her thighs, and the warm breath against her cheeks. Afterwards she returned the favour, kneeling behind Bethany. She smelled incredible, and it was a struggle to resist a more intimate exploration.
They helped with each other's ankle boots and bras, and must have looked like a pair of lesbian lovers getting ready for a night of passion, every glance and touch erotic - for Melissa, at least. She suspected Bethany wasn't even half as aroused as she was by it.
The lipstick was red -Dancerby Maybelline - applied in liquid form and supposedly long-lasting. Bethany chuckled. "This is about the only stuff that will survive a blowjob. Wait for it to dry, though."
Finally ready, visions in red and black, tottering on seven inch heels, they made their way downstairs again.
*
Clint was connecting up the camera to a laptop, and Evelyn was in the kitchen preparing food, but they were not alone. Standing beside Clint, sipping on a bottled beer, was a tall, athletic man with dark, penetrating eyes and jet black hair. His brown skin and facial features suggested to Melissa a blend of African and Arabic, but his accent was pure New York. "Jamal," he said, holding out his hand for Bethany and Melissa to shake.
There was no need for him to undress them with his eyes, for what little they wore concealed nothing. "Two beautiful young ladies," he said approvingly, and inserted himself between them as he guided them to the kitchen. As his muscular hand caressed her ass, Melissa had to remind herself that this was why she was there - to be a sex kitten, and to be treated like a possession. If he chose then and there to bend her over and fuck her in front of all the others, then that was perfectly fine.
"And this is my wife, Saranya."
Saranya was a drop dead gorgeous woman of Indian origin. Her brown skin was flawless, and her long black hair was braided into a ponytail. She smiled delightedly at Melissa and Bethany. "I love the uniform. Where's mine?"
"Upstairs," Evelyn said. "On the bed."
"I'll be right back." Saranya dashed off excitedly.
"Let's see you," Evelyn instructed, indicating that Bethany and Melissa should spin round slowly. "Acceptable," she concluded. To Bethany she gave a sheet of paper with a long list of instructions and said, "You are in charge of the kitchen." To Melissa she said, "No anal, I know, but any other reservations? You'll be serving me as well tonight, not just the men."
Melissa shook her head. "I don't think so."
"You are to address us as 'sir'. Understood?"
Melissa nodded her head. "Yes, sir." Master-slave role play was something she'd often enjoyed with Jack. She was curious to see how it would work with Evelyn.
"Good. Now, help Bethany. Set the table for three. And you're probably both hungry, so eat something now. You'll be working hard later."
"Yes, sir," they chorused together, and Evelyn left to get ready for the evening.
Home Alone
Jack came home to a dark and empty house, more than a little concerned. He had texted Melissa earlier suggesting a possible night out somewhere, maybe even a certain motel bar. All week they'd been having amazing sex, but watching her with Clint the previous weekend had only fed his desire to see her with other men.
There was a note in the kitchen: "Back Sunday. Spending the weekend with Clint and Evelyn."
Jack stared at it with a sense of conflict. He was upset she hadn't agreed it with him first, and upset that he wouldn't be there to watch, but also aroused by the thought of her on her knees sucking on Clint's cock. And he understood that she was making a point: "You don't get a say," she was saying to him. That was their agreement.
Ultimately, though he was frustrated not to be there to watch, she was keeping her end of the agreement. Sighing, he put a frozen pizza into the oven, popped the top off a bottle of cool beer, and changed out of his suit. Twenty minutes later, he was relaxing on the sofa, munching away with the TV on in the background and his tablet in his lap.
He found his way inevitably to Clint's story page, and clicked on a familiar favourite.
Cole threw Bethany onto the bed, onto her hands and knees, the latter parted wide so that he could admire her cum-filled pussy. He scooped up some of that slimy mixture with two fingers and pushed them into her mouth, and when she whined with complaint, he spanked her hard. "Don't pretend you're anything but a dirty cumslut," he growled, and spanked her again, this time across a thigh. "A slut like you deserves to be punished. Three..." The other thigh. "Four..." One cheek. "Five..." The other.
By the time he reached twenty, his hand was smarting and her thighs and cheeks had a rosy flush. Though she whimpered and panted as if this weren't far gentler than was good for her, her pussy betrayed her helpless arousal. Kneeling behind her, he penetrated that sweetness once again, thrusting with savage delight. "Tell me what a cum-hungry bitch you are," he demanded, and when she hesitated he smacked her hard.
"I'm a cum-hungry bitch," she cried.
Cole held himself still suddenly, and smiled as the cum-hungry bitch took over, thrusting herself back against him to swallow his length whole. He grinned over at the hidden camera, and hoped Scott was enjoying his wife's wanton abandonment.
A message notification interrupted his reading. It was from Clint. No text, just a Zoom link and passcode. Jack followed the instruction - and suddenly he was looking at the sheepskin rug in Clint and Evelyn's house. He could hear voices and noises in the background too, so it wasn't just a photo. It was live streaming.
Nothing was happening, but he guessed something would. It thrilled him that he would get to see after all, although it was a dreadful tease when there was nothing yet to see.
A pair of shapely legs walked past - dark skin and stockings, red-laced ankle boots with the highest stiletto heels he had ever seen. And then nothing again for a long time except indistinct voices and laughter. Nothing to see, and yet he hardly dared look away. Keeping the tablet in his line of sight and plugged into the charging cable, he tried to relax and watch TV, but his imagination was in overdrive.
Then suddenly Evelyn was there, in front of the camera, dressed only in a black leather underbust corset, a heavy zip up the front. Her huge breasts seemed to fill his screen. "Hi, Jack," she said. "Hi, Scott. Hope you guys enjoy the show." She sat in the middle of one of the two cream leather sofas, resting her arms along the back, spreading her legs wide. "Come here, girls," she called, and Jack heard a chorus of "Yes, sir."
And as fast as that, Jack's cock surged to life, erecting swiftly. The dark-skinned girl arrived first and he finally got a proper look at her. She looked like a Bollywood actress who had stumbled onto the set of a porn movie. Following instructions, she sat on Evelyn's left and bent to suck hungrily on a nipple. A second girl appeared, similar in appearance to Melissa but shorter, her blonde hair darker than Melissa's and curly where Melissa's was straight. Also, this one wore specs, and looked maybe a few years older. And, like the first girl, she was sexy as hell, dressed in the same erotic black-and-red lingerie and high stilettos. She sat on Evelyn's right, and likewise bent to suck on a nipple.
Evelyn sighed happily, clearly enjoying this double attention from two gorgeous and seriously hot women. A third girl - Melissa - arrived on the scene, dressed similarly. She had dressed sexy for him on many occasions, but never once had she looked so ravishingly beautiful. Perhaps it was the way those elegant stripper heels stretched her stocking-clad legs, or perhaps it was the way the open-cup bra emphasized her breasts, or perhaps it was just the perfection of her red-painted lips that seemed to mourn the absence of a cock.
Jack stroked his hard, throbbing cock as he watched his wife kneel between Evelyn's legs. For someone who had always been so against the idea of a threesome with a girl, she was certainly quick to embrace this quartet of lesbian lust.
He wondered who else was watching. Scott, Evelyn had said. He'd read that name earlier, in Clint's story. The one with Bethany and Cole. Was it possible? That Scott was a real person? Another husband delighting in another man's use of his wife? And did that mean the second girl was his wife, Bethany?
And what of the first girl, the Indian one... One of Clint's stories was an exotic fantasy, a Hindu goddess given by her husband to a mortal man for a night of divine pleasure. She'd had a nice name, what was it?
Saranyu. That was it. Was this Saranyu in the flesh? Was her husband watching too?
There was no one to answer his questions, though. He could only watch and wonder. He watched, fascinated, as his wife devoured Evelyn's pussy. He wished he could be there, not merely watching but driving his hard cock into her pussy from behind.
Two men, both entirely naked, arrived and sat on the opposite sofa, also watching. One was Clint himself, author of the stories that had so seduced him, and so far the only man he had seen Melissa with. The other was an athletic brown man who didn't look Indian to Jack. African, possibly. He possessed a cock of extraordinary length, longer ever than Clint's impressive member, though perhaps not as thick. It was difficult to tell since neither man was fully erect.
Evelyn, clearly, was loving it. With her hands she held the two women either side of her, held their mouths pressed against her breasts, and her hips twitched restlessly in response to Melissa's loving. Jack wished he could see in greater detail what his wife was doing, but it was enough to see even this much. Excited though he was, he didn't want to come too soon.
Clint stood and walked behind Saranyu, stroking his huge, thick member to get it hard, and gently eased into the brown woman's pussy. At least, Jack assumed it was her pussy. Her angle to the camera made it difficult to see. The other man pulled Bethany away from Evelyn's breast and had her suck his long, brown cock until its full rigid length could be truly appreciated. "Get under," he said.
"Yes, sir," Bethany said, and wriggled on her back until she was under Melissa, her head between Melissa's thighs, her tongue presumably licking Melissa's clit. Evelyn's spare hand now held Melissa's head tight against her pussy, and Saranyu was clearly increasingly distracted by the thick cock pounding into her.
The brown man knelt behind Melissa, guiding his cock into her above Bethany's head, and Jack nearly lost control. He teetered on the edge of orgasm for a few long anxious seconds, cum oozing down his shaft and making a mess that he wiped clean with tissues, but afterwards he was still hard, and still aroused, and soon stroking himself gently as he watched the brown cock attempt to bury its full length in his beautiful whore-of-a-wife's cunt.
Evelyn cried out as she climaxed, her hips convulsing against Melissa's face. When she calmed down, she pushed Melissa's head away, and stood up shakily. The brown man stood too, and took Evelyn's place on the sofa. Jack could see that Melissa's cheek was gleaming wet from Evelyn's pussy, and the cock being fed to her now was gleaming wet from her own pussy. Jack loved the idea that she was tasting herself on this dark stranger's cock.
Clint pulled out of Saranyu and knelt behind Melissa's, filling her hungry cunt with what it needed. For Jack it was a dream come true, watching his wife take two cocks at once. He knew it was one of her fantasies too, doing it with multiple men at once - and all of this had to be thrilling her exhibitionist side too. But damn that was a long cock. She was filling her mouth with it, bobbing up and down on it with real enthusiasm, but there was so much more of it to take.
And then she was taking more, taking the brown cock into her throat, and the realisation pushed Jack over the edge. Cum spurted from his cock as he watched his wife deep-throat with increasing confidence. Behind her, Clint hammered his cock deep and fast into her, making her whole body shake, making her breasts bounce delightfully.
Jack sighed, disappointed to have finished before her, but deeply satisfied by the scene he was watching. Clint roared as he too finished, his cock buried deep in Melissa, but he quickly withdrew until Jack could see the cum bursting out against Melissa's pussy and Bethany's face. Saranyu bent down and took his cock into her mouth, sucking it clean of the last few spurts of cum.
The brown man sat up straight and pushed Melissa's head away, and suddenly he too finished, great ropes of thick, creamy cum splashing against her face. She held her mouth open to receive it, but he seemed more interested in making a mess of her cheeks and breasts.
Afterwards, Melissa lifted herself off Bethany and collapsed, panting heavily, onto her back on the sheepskin rug. Clint peered into the camera and grinned. "That's all, folks," he said.
The stream ended.
Expedition
Jamal and Saranya left at midnight, by which time Melissa was more than ready for bed. She was pleasantly sore all over, inside and out, and had long ago lost track of how many orgasms she had had. It was the most fun she'd ever had in one night.
Saranya kissed her goodbye, and kissed Bethany too. "I had a great time tonight," she said. "We must do this again - soon!" Then, on the way out the door, she stopped and returned. "I meant to give you these earlier but completely forgot." She handed each of them a neatly wrapped box, blew a kiss to Clint and Evelyn, and hurried out to the waiting taxi.
"Come on, lover," Bethany said to Melissa. "Let's get to bed. I adore these shoes, but they are killing me."
"Me, too," Melissa said.
"You did well tonight, girls," Evelyn said, smiling.
"Thank you, sir," they chorused, and nearly collapsed in a fit of giggles.
As they sauntered off, still laughing, and supporting each other for balance, Melissa was astonished to see that Clint was hard again. The man was tireless. Fortunately he only had eyes for his wife, and their services were not called on one last time.
They showered together quickly, then climbed into bed. It was more than big enough for both of them, but Melissa curled herself around Bethany, who didn't seem to mind in the least, and within seconds she was fast asleep.
*
It was late morning when they roused. Melissa sat up and reached for Saranya's gift. Something inside it moved. She unwrapped it and opened the box within, and found herself holding what was very obviously a buttplug. It was black silicone, with a large spherical bulb, with something heavy rolling around inside. She sighed irritably. "Why is everyone obsessed with anal?"
"Because it's forbidden," Bethany said, snatching the toy from Melissa's fingers. "Or because it's dirty. Or because it feels amazing - if done right." Shaking it, she added, "Can't wait to try it."
"You can have it if you want."
"I got my own." She tossed it back and tore open her own gift, which indeed was the same. "But first I need another shower."
"I'll join you."
Afterwards, they dressed, Bethany in her Cinderella slut-wear again, Melissa in a dress she had brought. She watched bemused as Bethany first lubricated her ass and then succeeded, effectively, in pushing a camel through the eye of a needle. Standing, Bethany shook her ass, and sighed happily. "You need to try this."
"No, thank you."
Bethany shrugged. "Suit yourself. Come on - I'm hungry."
Clint was in the kitchen, frying eggs. There was no sign of Evelyn. "She's meeting a friend for lunch," he explained. "I can't help noticing that only one of you is bouncing with joy."
"Melissa didn't like the present Santa brought her."
"Ah." He passed them each a plate with toast and eggs, and they took them over to the table. Clint joined them a few minutes later. "I'd like to propose something - and hear me out properly. A deal. Try anal with me, once, tomorrow. If it hurts, or if you hate it, then we'll accept you're just one of those poor unfortunates who don't enjoy it." Melissa scowled at him, and started to argue, but Clint held up his hand. "I'm not finished.IfI make you come -purelyfrom anal - then your ass is mine. I - andonlyI - get to say who can use it, and when."
"Ooh," Bethany said. "That would be interesting."
Melissa, who had been on the point of refusing the deal, which had been exactly the sort of argument her husband often made, found herself curiously excited by the idea of Clint owning a part of her. What would Jack say if Clint not only fucked her ass but also controlled who else could? Not that there was even the slightest chance he could make her come. His cock was so big she'd be screaming in pain, not pleasure.
"But," he continued, "you'd have to do it honestly. Prepare yourself. Be open to the idea that you might just like it."
"Can I think about it?"
"Come to my room at ten tomorrow morning. Your choice. Entirely free. But if you don't, we'll just keep nagging you to try." He grinned mischievously.
Melissa sighed, and wondered what it would be like to surrender such an intimate part of herself. It wouldn't be legally binding, of course...
"We need to go shopping," Bethany said. "Get you something better to wear, if nothing else."
Melissa frowned at her. "What's wrong with this?"
"Nothing, if you're the sort of woman who would never cheat on her husband."
*
Bethany had a point. As they wandered through the mall, Melissa was acutely aware that beneath Bethany's short skirt was not only a lack of underwear but also a buttplug. While those may have escaped the notice of the other shoppers, the sharp points her nipples made in her T-shirt certainly attracted attention, both approval and disapproval. People looked at Bethany as if she were a slut. They didn't look at Melissa at all.
So they browsed, shop by shop, and Melissa found a chequered shirt she liked, and a short black skirt that was more thanrisqu, and some yellow, rhinestone-studded platform stilettos, and as she changed in the restroom, discarding the loyal-wife costume for her new slut outfit, she took a breath and discarded her underwear too. She'd done it before, but never in broad daylight. Never in a busy shopping mall.
Suddenly everyone seemed to be staring at her, judging her, as if they knew she could feel the cool, conditioned air brushing her pubes. She could feel herself getting wet in response, and half-expected to hear a gasp of horror whenever they rode the escalator.
"Last but not least," Bethany said, guiding her into a sex shop. Beyond the rows of underwear and lingerie, there was a huge array of toys and sexy stuff. Bethany casually selected a strap-on harness and a smooth, red dildo, and a jewelled buttplug that looked far less threatening than Saranya's gift. And a sort-of-conical dildo with prominent bulges. "Buymesomething," she said, and went to pay.
Melissa looked at the dildos and vibrators for a few minutes, but then decided on a set of nipple clamps chained together with a weight attached. "Ouch," Bethany said on seeing it, and grinned.
*
Back at the house, there was no sign of Clint, but Evelyn was making a salad. "Oh, no!" she cried in mock horror. "Where's the real Melissa?"
Safely indoors, Bethany stripped off her T-shirt and immediately attached the clamps, gasping at the sudden pain but her eyes were bright with arousal. "Bend over," she said, pushing Melissa onto the dining table and pulling up a seat. Melissa sighed as a tongue swept between her labia, seeking her clit and circling. "Oh, that's so good," she murmured.
As Evelyn sat at the table next to them, munching noisily on her salad as she watched, Bethany abandoned Melissa's pussy and made a trail of kisses that circled all about that forbidden entrance, and although Melissa kept telling herself that she didn't want Bethany touching her there, she found herself quite enjoying the intimate attention.
That Bethany was in no obvious hurry to penetrate her there allowed Melissa to gradually relax and enjoy the seduction. For that's what it was. As the tip of Bethany's tongue teased that sensitive ring of muscle, it would react involuntarily, puckering up as if in invitation for more than kisses and soft desire. "Do you want me to stop?" Bethany asked.
"No."
Once, then again, and then with increasing frequency, Bethany's tongue dipped within, each incursion sending a jolt of pleasure through her. Melissa wasn't an anal virgin. She'd had Jack's finger in there a few times, and she'd gone the whole way that one time, but this was different. Bethany was making love to her ass. It was forbidden, it was dirty, and it felt amazing.
Especially as Bethany's finger gave her clit the attention it sorely needed. She melted under the combined assault, and soon felt the tension of an impending climax. Evelyn, almost like she was at the cinema with a box of popcorn, watched her as she moaned with increasing - if still slightly reluctant - pleasure.
"Keep her warm for me, will you?" Bethany said, standing up abruptly and leaving Melissa cruelly devoid of stimulation.
"My pleasure," Evelyn said, taking Bethany's seat and taking over expertly where Bethany had left off. Her fingers were gentler as they brushed and circled her clit, but Evelyn's tongue dived into Melissa's ass as if she delighted in fucking it. If it was strange to Melissa to have two women so determined to tongue her ass, there was no denying the tension rising swiftly. She gripped the table in anticipation.
"Okay," Bethany said, returning from the kitchen. "My turn."
Melissa whined with frustration. She'd been almost there. Bethany's fingers returned to her clit, and two more fingers - Evelyn's, she guessed - pushed into her, fucking her gently. And then a finger slick with cold gel eased into the other. As perversely good as it all felt, it was too much of a distraction, and the building tension dissipated quickly.
And then the fingers all departed, to be replaced after a moment by the smooth head of a silicone shaft. Melissa peered behind her to see Bethany in her new harness with its red dildo that now thrust into her. Melissa would have preferred a real cock, but it was sufficient for her immediate need. She closed her eyes and tried to find again that exquisite tension.
Something hard and smooth nudged at her ass. The metal buttplug, no doubt. Melissa whimpered with frustration. She just wanted to come, not to have her ass played with for hours and penetrated by foreign objects. But again Bethany seemed in no hurry to penetrate her there, merely pressing the steel tip gently at that rear entrance as she thrust with real enthusiasm at the other.
As Evelyn's fingers joined in again, massaging her clit with expertise, Melissa surrendered once again, the tension building swiftly. She could feel the pressure building against her ass as Bethany pushed harder against the plug, but she was past caring. If anything, that unfamiliar stretching only excited her more. She could feel it was too big for her, that it would never -
The buttplug slid into place, and that little ring of muscle clamped about the metal shaft. The surprise of it as much as the sensation of it, combined with the excitation of her clit and the thrusting dildo, and after hours of arousal and denial, sent her over the edge. She cried out in astonished ecstasy as she climaxed, the presence of the heavy object in her ass intensifying the experience as she contracted about the rigid stem.
*
Two hundred miles away, Jack watched as his wife swallowed Jamal's brown cock, tasting the juice of her own wet cunt blended with the saltiness of the Somali's precum. He watched too as Cole's thick cock thrust in masterfully from behind, stretching his wife's vacant cunt.
She was everything he'd wished she were, a horny cumslut, a beautiful whore, and he wished he could be there to lick her holes clean of the cum that would soon be filling them. He wished he could be there to add his paltry measure to the glorious mess they would make of her. He wished he were there to experience the full humiliation of being a cuckold as his wife was ravished by superior men.
He wished she had not locked him in chastity before departing for the weekend. He ached to make himself come as he watched her lustful expression and as he listened to her cries of ecstasy, but the cage denied him. Even if he could have removed it, she would have known.
He watched his wife be the whore he'd asked her to be, and his imprisoned cock strained mournfully against the bars. She was cruel to him, and he loved her all the more.
Jack read the passage again, sent to him by Clint. He was aroused by the picture it painted. It was fiction, of course, and he wasn't sure he'd ever let Melissa lock up his cock - that was way too scary - but the idea of being unable to come while he watched her fuck... There was something in that. The night before he had come too soon, and a chastity cage would prevent that in the future.
An hour later, he was browsing the shelves of a local sex shop, returning often to the small selection of cock cages. He didn't want anything extreme, but it had to be lockable. Even if he was the only one who had the key. Several of Clint's stories featured husbands locked in chastity, and he was curious. If nothing else, it would stop him from pleasuring himself several times a day, which was seriously wearing out his cock.
He opted for a steel cage with a padlock, and on impulse grabbed a slender, beaded, anal vibrator, hoping to persuade Melissa to try it out. Jack was sure that one day she would be open to the joys of anal. It frustrated him that he was yet to experience it himself. Neither Melissa nor any of his previous girlfriends had been willing to do it.
Back at home, there was another message from Clint.
Jack watched as Melissa knelt on the bed, Evelyn and Bethany settling into position either side and spreading her cheeks wide to give Cole - and Jack - an unobscured view of her pussy and, more importantly, the jewelled plug in her ass. Jack gaped in astonishment. His wife hated the idea of anal, and had refused his suggestion many times to even try it. Even anal toys and vibrators were out of the question.
But there she was, showing off her anal bling like a common whore to her cuckold of a husband. Burning with lust, Jack grabbed his aching cock, but the cage defied him, prevented his need for self-pleasure. He had no choice but to suffer as he watched his wife offer her forbidden ass to Cole.
He hated to watch it, but he needed to. This, after all, was the core of his need. Ever since Jack had read the story of Cole's conquest of Bethany, he had longed to see his wife meet the same well deserved fate. To hear her cry out in ecstasy as Cole's huge cock pumped her sweet, tight ass full of thick, creamy cum. To know it would be leaking from her all during the long, weary drive home to him.
Where he would be on his knees, a supplicant, waiting to clean the whore's divine and ravished ass with his adoring tongue.
At the bottom, after the intriguing erotic passage, there was the passcode, link, and time: Sunday, 10 a.m.
Jack could hardly wait.
*
Once she got used to the unfamiliar presence of the buttplug, Melissa found she didn't mind it at all. It wasn't painful or even particularly uncomfortable, and in fact the purple jewel on the base appealed to her exhibitionist side. Bethany snapped a picture of it on her phone and showed her, the plug like a gemstone nestled between two aesthetically perfect cheeks, above her blonde, trimmed pubes and the still wet lips of her pussy. "Mind if I upload it to my Insta?" Bethany asked. "Completely anonymous, of course."
Melissa nodded, and a few seconds later it was there for all the world to see. Her most intimate parts on full public display. Was this what it was like to be a porn star, she wondered.
After the orgy of the night before, they had all happily settled for a relaxed evening of wine and television, but once in bed, Bethany insisted on trying the weird dildo. It looked almost like a cone made by gluing silicone rings together. "Let's see how much of this you can take," she said.
Melissa looked at it doubtfully. Despite her growing acceptance of the jewelled buttplug, she still had little enthusiasm for anal sex, but the devilish voice at the back of her head, the one that was learning to take pride in being a wanton slut, wondered what it would be like to take it all. Obediently, she brought her knees up to her chest and hooked her arms around them, presenting her rear for Bethany to play with.
After working plenty of gel into Melissa's ass - which had received more attention in one day than in all her life previously - and smearing the dildo liberally with yet more, Bethany pressed the silicone tip against the entrance until the first ring eased within. Already it felt big to Melissa, and she peered down nervously at the thickening invader.
Rather than push it in further, Bethany twisted it one way, then the other, and the gentle friction was surprisingly pleasant. She allowed it to slip out, and Melissa was surprised to feel loss rather than relief. Again Bethany pushed it in, twisting back and forth. "Shall I try the next one?"
Melissa nodded. "Okay." Bethany increased the pressure until the next ring pushed in, increasing the pleasantly intense sensation of being stretched and filled in this unnatural way, and the friction from Bethany's twisting of the dildo made her push back restlessly, wanting more, wanting the next, bigger ring.
Bethany obliged, feeding the third, the fourth, the fifth, to Melissa's squirming ass, though at this point Melissa shied away from taking more. It amazed Melissa that she had taken so much without feeling the pain and discomfort she remembered and feared. No question the sensations were unfamiliar and quite extreme, and the way her sphincter expanded and contracted about the rings as Bethany moved the dildo in and out was as obscene as it was delightful, but Melissa was beginning to understand how people could enjoy anal sex.
Of course, the dildo was not yet as thick as Cole's cock, and certainly nowhere as near as long. Not quite believing her own ears, she said, "Try the strap-on."
Bethany raised an eyebrow, but said only, "You take over. See if you take another ring or two." She waited until Melissa had adjusted position to be able to control the anal dildo, then departed to get the harness and its long, smooth dildo.
Melissa teased herself for a minute, going no further than Bethany had, before with a determined thrust she pushed in a sixth, a seventh, an eighth. "Fuck!" she cried out, overwhelmed by just how stretched she was. She rolled over in the bed, panting, as the dildo slipped out by itself, and she held herself still, just recovering.
"On your knees, slut," Bethany said cheerfully, and Melissa wondered if she still dared, but with a sigh of resignation she did as instructed. This new dildo, which was slightly longer than her husband's cock but similar in girth, felt huge to her as Bethany eased it slowly into her resistant ass. It felt huge, it felt wonderful, and it seemed to go impossibly deep as Bethany's thrust developed into a firm but gentle fucking.
The dildo was smooth and well lubricated, but the friction as it passed through that tight ring of muscle was exquisite. "See, you're enjoying this," Bethany said. "Aren't you?"
"Maybe." It was all she would admit to. The dildo was one thing, but Cole's huge cock would be something else entirely. And there was no way he would make her come from anal alone. She needed a different kind of stimulation for that. Reaching beneath with one hand, she slipped a finger through the wet folds of her pussy, and rubbed her clit the way she liked best.
She was so aroused already that it wasn't long at all before she climaxed, her ass clenching about the silicone shaft as Bethany thrust in harder than ever.
*
It was strange, waking in the morning, to think that after years of denying her own beloved husband the one thing he had seemed to desire above all else, she had now given it up to Bethany, a fantasy girl made real. And that soon she would be giving it up to a man who was not her husband. And, indeed, there was a chance - a profoundly unlikely chance - that the man would end up literally owning her ass. As conflicted as she still felt about the whole anal thing, there was something inexplicably erotic about the idea of Clint owning an intimate, sexual part of her body.
Melissa picked up the spherical buttplug that Saranya had given her. It no longer troubled her, and indeed her reaction to it the day before seemed almost comical. After a quick shower, and getting dressed in her new slut-wear, she applied lubricant to herself and the mischievous toy, and eventually succeeded in persuading it into her. It was so much bigger than the other plug, and it felt huge inside her, but the way the heavy ball bearing rolled around inside it with every slightest movement of her ass was an entertaining distraction.
There was something else she wanted to try. Bethany had cleaned the harness and dildos the night before, and now Melissa tightened the harness into place about her own hips and waist, and lubed up the dildo. Bethany was sleeping on her front and without underwear, and awoke with a cry of surprise as Melissa penetrated her ass - but didn't complain at all, merely adjusted position slightly and mumbled something about Melissa being a horny bitch.
Which was true enough.
*
The scene was almost exactly as predicted, except the plug in Melissa's ass had no jewel at its base. That hardly mattered though. Jack stared in astonished excitement at his wife's spread cheeks, held apart by gorgeous, naked Bethany on one side and equally gorgeous, naked Evelyn on the other. Clint was offscreen for the moment, moving the camera round to the side and adjusting the focus. This time Jack would have a close-up view of his wife being penetrated.
Jack was naked too, save for the steel cage that gripped his penis. It had been a largely sleepless night for him, torn between anticipation of this event and the decision not to indulge in further self-pleasure until afterwards.
It had taken him a while the evening before to figure out how to get himself into the cage. Taking advice from the web, he had used plenty of lubricant and had even trimmed his pubes. There was some discomfort in being confined and unable to fully achieve erection, but it was nowhere near as bad as expected, and it certainly kept him aroused.
Having the keys close-by was initially a comfort, but increasingly a distraction. He wanted to be genuinely unable to escape during the event. He didn't want to be distracted by the temptation to free himself. In the morning, therefore, after locking himself once more into the cage, he had driven to a parking lot across town, left the keys to the cage inside the car, and taken the bus home.
Wearing the cage in public was itself deeply erotic. He felt like a pervert, wondering if people could see that he was not only aroused but confined by steel. At home, with an hour still to wait, he had paced about restlessly. The vibrator he'd bought to use on his wife he used on himself instead, working the beaded shaft in and out of his tight, virgin ass. It was a much-needed distraction as he waited.
At ten he was ready, watching, absorbed in this realisation of his fantasy, fascinated by how wide her forbidden entrance opened as the spherical buttplug was pulled free.
*
He was big, too big, impossibly big, but there was no savage thrust, no brutal ramming of the gate. Clint seemed to possess infinite patience as he waited for her to relax and accept him. Gradually she allowed herself to. Her ass had been well prepared over the past day, with tongues and plugs and dildos. Melissa had accepted already that there could be pleasure in anal, and it was now a matter of pride more than anything to do what Evelyn and Bethany and no doubt countless other women had done, and take Clint's cock.
She felt herself stretching ever wider as he pressed into her. It wasn't painful exactly, but the sensation was extraordinary, and the friction was like electricity, exciting her beyond measure. She knelt there panting as, inch by inch, the huge shaft penetrated deeper. And then for a while he rested, and after a while she was able to relax. "Are you ready?" he asked.
Melissa nodded. "Yes."
Slowly he withdrew, until he was almost out of her, and slowly he thrust in again, every movement an additional frisson of excitement. He settled into a rhythm of slow, increasingly deep thrusts, amazing her with how much of him she could take.
"Slut," whispered Bethany in one ear as she teased one of Melissa's nipples.
"Whore," whispered Evelyn affectionately, pinching the other.
Melissa had had no idea that anal could feel this good. Silently she cursed the idiot boy who had made her swear it off for life, thereby depriving her and Jack of an experience they could have enjoyed together. For the first time she began to believe that Clint might even be able to make her come this way.
Alarming as that thought was, her need to take that cock deeper and harder and faster had her thrusting her hips back to meet him. When he picked up the pace, she matched it, craving the impact of flesh against flesh as he buried his entire length in her again and again.
It was a brutal, savage pounding - one, no doubt, that she would be feeling for days. It was forbidden. It was dirty. She loved every moment of it. If indeed he could deliver the climax her ass deserved after all of this, she would gladly let him claim ownership.
"Tell your husband what a dirty whore you are," Clint said. "Tell him how much you love my cock in your ass."
She would have laughed if she could. Evelyn had moved the camera round so that it was aimed at her face. Melissa stared into it. "I'm a dirty whore," she managed to say. The effort of fucking Clint made her breathing ragged. "I love Clint's cock in my ass."
"Tell him he can lick the cum from your ass when you get home tonight."
She really hadn't thought that far ahead. "You can lick the cum from my ass when I get home tonight," Melissa said, thinking she might let him look but no way was he actually doing that.
Clint's cock was getting harder suddenly, swelling with impending climax. It felt utterly amazing. "Fuck," she gasped, realising suddenly how close she was to climaxing herself. "Fuck," she said again, determined not to let it happen. She had already crossed too many lines between fantasy and reality. This would be one too far.
But as Clint grabbed her hips and buried himself impossibly deep inside her, holding her fiercely in position, the powerful pulsing of his cock, combined with the tickling sensation of his cum bursting into her depths, robbed her of all control. She screamed as her whole body seemed to contract about that victorious invader. "Fuck!" she cried as they convulsed together, his cum erupting endlessly within her. "Fuck!" she cried again, thinking of how he would now lay claim to her ass as agreed, and how she just might let him do so. "Fuck..."
She was still convulsing with aftershocks of that orgasmic ecstasy when he eased out at last, and she whined in half-hearted complaint as the plug was pushed easily back into place.
Good Doggy
For a motel bar on a Monday evening, it was surprisingly busy, attracting a mix of locals and passing truckers. Country music blared from speakers in the corners, though the small dance floor was unused and likely never saw use. It was mostly men, so a hot, single woman by herself, in stiletto-heeled black leather boots and a short red dress, did not go unnoticed.
Jack watched from the bar as Melissa bent over the pool table. When the angle was right, it was obvious she was without any underwear. Sometimes the glint of her jewelled buttplug caught his eye. A couple of young truckers, clearly friends, had joined her and were taking turns playing her. They were taking turns playingwithher too, and weren't very subtle about it either. She kept having to tug her dress down again.
Eventually, nodding to Jack, she excused herself to go to the restroom, but instead let herself out the fire escape at the back. Jack met her there and kissed her hungrily, his hands hitching up her dress as hers unzipped his trousers and tugged them down. "God I love you," he said, turning her around to face the wall.
"Hurry," she said, bending over and pushing her bum against his eager cock.
She was so wet he thrust in easily, and was soon pounding into her hard. It was unwise to fuck in such public place, but nothing was wise about their sex lives any more. Jack loved to treat her like a whore, and she loved exposing her inner slut. "Come in me, Jack," she said. "Come in me."
And he did, driving his cock into her deep and filling her whorish cunt with his cream. They adjusted their clothing quickly, and by the time they reached the car, a short walk later, her thighs were visibly gleaming.
Back at home, there was a message from Clint waiting for them both, as often with an extract of erotic prose:
They positioned her stage center, her legs spread wide, her pussy the first thing guests would see on arrival. The second thing they'd see, their eyes drifting up from divinity, would be her breasts. The third, her mouth. Naked, and bound. Aroused, and welcoming. There for the taking.
Or perhaps they'd see none of that. Perhaps all they'd see was the man standing between her legs, thrusting his cock with abandonment into her receptive cunt. Perhaps they'd see the men either side, bending to suck on her nipples as if hungry for milk to flow. Perhaps they'd see the man filling her mouth and throat with urgent flesh.
Perhaps all they'd see was the queue of men waiting to take their turn. Men with swelling cocks and balls full of cum. Cum saved for days for this very purpose. To be spilled in the woman's cunt. The drippings collected below in a silver bowl.
Otherwise, there was only a one-word question: "Interested?"
Interested? In being one of those men? Perhaps. But in Melissa being the woman? An arranged gangbang, a whole queue of men lining up to fuck her and fill her? Now that he would love to see.
"My idea of a night out," Melissa said with a playful smile. Once upon a time, he would have been sure it was an idle jest. Now it might very well not be.
"Yes," Jack replied to Clint.
Melissa rubbed his cock, now suddenly hard again, through his trousers. "Lick me clean, Jack. Think of all those men lining up to fuck me and how much you would enjoy licking their cum from my dripping pussy."
Moaning with pure lust, he pushed her onto the sofa and dived down between her wide-spread legs, his imagination full of men lining up to fuck her insatiable cunt as he kissed her thighs and licked the cum from his wife's gorgeously wet pussy.
*
Clint's next email was for Jack alone.
A figure kneels by the woman, close enough to smell the blend of her arousal and the distinctive aroma of cum, close enough to hear every slap of flesh and every squelch of fluid as cock after cock hammers into her, close enough to see every drop of cum leaking from her ravished cunt.
At first glance, the figure appears to be a woman, an illusion created by a blonde wig and bright red lips, and a scarlet satin chemise. A closer glance reveals the absence of any notable breasts, and wrists and ankles that are bound together in leather. An even closer glance reveals a small cock caged in steel, and the tip of a furry white tail that twitches from time to time.
Male, female, it matters not. What matters is the mouth with its dual purpose in service of the woman: to harden male members in preparation for her, and to clean those same members after. As the woman cries in need and ecstasy, the mouth sucks cocks that will answer the need, and the mouth sucks cocks that have delivered the ecstasy.
If sometimes those cocks slap against the figure's cheeks or drip their last traitorous measures of cum onto the red satin, not once does the figure complain. The mouth only serves.
This time, only a two-word question: "Still interested?"
*
Melissa had found going back to work after the first weekend rather surreal. She had, with her husband's consent and urging, given herself to another man, and had agreed to make such infidelity a significant part of the marriage. But that had been hundreds of miles away and felt almost like another world. Being back at work was like the cold shock of reality.
Simple questions from colleagues, such as, "Do anything nice at the weekend?" She could hardly answer with an enthusiastic and detailed account of her sexual abandonment, and her arrangement with her husband seemed absurd in the cold light of day. She had chosen, instead, to not think about it, even as it weighed heavily on her.
When the invitation had come to escape again from the real world into far away fantasy, she had leapt at it - and would be forever grateful for the chance to meet Bethany, whose calm and rational approach to being utterly outrageous was both reassuring and inspirational. "How do you do it?" she asked. "How do you balance your work and your family life with this Cinderella existence?"
Bethany had thought for a minute. "You can't separate them completely. If you try too hard to hide who you are, the lies and secrecy will hurt you. My advice, for what it's worth: Don't hide, but be subtle. Allow people to glimpse the real you, and be prepared to face the consequences. In other words, if you must wear a business suit, be dressed for sex beneath it. Add an inch to your normal heel height, and make them sharp. Be more daring with your makeup. Wear stockings instead of tights. Shave your pubes off - or dye them pink..." She laughed at that. "Think about it."
Pink pubes, no, but there was something in the idea of shortening her skirt a fraction and raising her heels, of wearing hold-ups and lace underwear usually reserved for the bedroom and special occasions. Sacrificing, in other words, comfort and conformity for subtle eroticism. And though it made her anxious for a day or two, wondering constantly whether the change in her was observed by colleagues and clients, ultimately its effect was to provoke a certain curiosity.
"There's something different about you." It was Andrew-from-Accounts, behind her in the lunch queue. Tall, handsome Andrew whose wife worked for the mayor yet somehow found time to look after three kids. He liked to flirt a little, which Melissa had always enjoyed without taking seriously. Being happily married, she hadn't needed the complication of an affair. Now she found herself wondering if he was exactly the sort of complication she did need: a friendly fuck, without strings.
"I bet you can't guess what," she said, inviting him to sit with her.
"Oh? And what do I get if I guess correctly?"
"What did you have in mind?" she said, trying to be seductive, or at least suggestive. She wondered what it would be like to kiss him. His dark hair and blue eyes worked for her. She tried to imagine Andrew taking her from behind out the back of a motel bar - but couldn't quite picture it.
He blinked, surprised. "How about a drink after work?"
"I can do that."
"Great!"
"You haven't guessed yet."
"Oh. Right. New shoes, yes?"
Melissa nodded, impressed. "And?"
He frowned in thought. "New skirt?" he suggested, his cheeks reddening a little.
"Specifically?" Was it bad, she wondered, to be flirting with a married man? Technically,shewouldn't be cheating, buthewould. On his wife, with three children.
"It's shorter?" He was definitely blushing now.
"Okay, and?"
"There's more?" His exasperation was a pretence. By his cheeky smile, he was enjoying this. "Your hair?"
"Do you like it?"
"It's..."
"It's the same as last week."
"Oh."
"I tell you what. Here's my number." She jotted it down on a napkin. "You've got until five to guess."
By the time she stood up to leave, he still hadn't guessed; but after she stood, and bent to pick up the fork she'd accidentally-on-purpose knocked off the table, she thought maybe he had an idea.
*
Jack stared at the message again. He still still didn't know how to react to it, let alone how to respond to it. He'd read stories where the cuckold husband would be forced to suck the bull's cock before and after the act, but sucking cocks was not one of his fantasies. The mere idea left him feeling dirty and awkward.
He wasn't gay!
Then again, neither was Melissa - at least, he didn't think she was - but she had been munching away on Evelyn's pussy for ages and hadn't seemed to mind it.
Clint's words haunted him:Male, female, it matters not. What matters is the mouth.Was Clint trying to tell him it wasn't gay for him to suck a cock? Maybe it would only be gay if he enjoyed it, which he certainly wouldn't.
What he certainly would enjoy was watching cock after cock fucking his wife's sweet pussy, filling her cunt with so much cum it poured from her like water from a spring. He would enjoy hearing her cry out in ecstasy for hours as climax after climax tore her apart. Yes, that would be sweet perfection.
"Yes," he finally replied to Clint. "But what if I can't do it?"
It was Evelyn who replied eventually: "I have invited Melissa to stay with us again this weekend. You are welcome to come too, but you must serve me as my slave on Saturday from dawn till dusk, and I will train you to suck cocks like a pro."
Undeniably, the idea of being her sex slave excited him. He had lusted after Evelyn's voluptuous body from the start - but also he had promised to remain faithful to Melissa. He texted his wife: "Evelyn wants me to be her slave for the day."
Melissa replied quickly. "Yes. I told her, as long as you keep your cock caged, I'm happy."
That was almost cruel. Of course, there was plenty he could do with Evelyn without actual intercourse, but...
A few seconds later she texted again, and his uncaged cock surged to an aching hardness as he read: "Meeting Andrew for a drink after work. May be home late."
*
"We are part," Clint said, "of a large and exclusive network of what you might call swingers." The couple had ordered in a wide array of fruits and salads and cakes, and Jack was wolfing down as much as he could. It was all delicious. "We get together to organise special events and unique entertainments, and it's only natural to share each other too."
"As I dare say you can imagine," Evelyn said, "Clint is in great demand."
"They enjoy my words."
"That's not all they enjoy..."
Clint rolled his eyes and they shared a fond smile. "We are planning a very special charity auction," he said, "to which you are both, of course, invited, but we are looking for a happy couple to be our centerpiece, and hope you will accept the honour."
"The gangbang?" Melissa asked.
"Yes, for the wife, and much enthusiastic cock-sucking from the husband."
"Oh!"
Jack felt himself blushing as Melissa stared at him in surprise. He still wasn't sure he could do it at all, certainly didn't think he could do it with any enthusiasm, and hadn't been able to bring himself to mention it to his own wife.
Evelyn laughed. "He didn't tell you?"
"Tomorrow evening," Clint continued patiently, "we will be holding an audition. Myself, and several other gentlemen from our network, will give you a taste of what it will be like. We will then judge whether you have performed well enough to be our centerpiece. Is that agreeable with you?"
"Well, I'm looking forward to it," Melissa said. "I think. And I'm suddenly very curious to see my husband wrap his soft, warm lips about a hot, throbbing shaft..."
Jack scowled at her. She was having entirely too much fun at his expense.
"Maybe," she said, "you could suck Andrew's cock when I bring him home next week. I had a taste of it last night, and it was delicious. Positively yummy."
It was humiliating to hear her talk to him like that in front of other people, even if it was Clint and Evelyn who already knew, but it was also making him hard and he didn't want to embarrass himself further by adjusting his tangled cock while they were all watching him.
Then she took pity on him. "Do you guys mind if my husband fucks me here at the dinner table?"
"Be our guest," Clint said.
"But no coming," Evelyn said quickly. "I don't want my slave to have empty balls tomorrow."
Melissa shrugged, and made a space between the mostly empty dishes for her to lie there naked on her back, while Jack hurriedly discarded his trousers and boxers and freed his urgent cock. He didn't care - yet - about not being allowed to finish. He was just desperate to bury his needful cock in her whorish cunt.
It felt so good too, to be ramming into her hard while Clint and Evelyn sat watching and sipping wine. Melissa's eyes were closed and she pinched her nipples gently while her breasts bounced in reaction to Jack's vigorous thrusting. It felt so good...
"Don't come, Jack," Evelyn warned, and he forced himself to slow down, because he was already getting close - and after a further few strokes he pulled out reluctantly, his cock achingly hard and on the edge of a glorious eruption.
With a whine of frustration, he sat again, and watched as Melissa worked her clit with her fingers, bringing herself at last to a finish, convulsing blissfully amidst the cakes and fruits.
*
"If you're a good slave," Evelyn said, "if you behave yourself and do all you're told to do, there will be a reward."
Jack looked up at her doubtfully, glad that the gag made it impossible to say anything. "I know you've been dying to fuck my ass, Jack, and I'm going to let you - and with your wife's permission. Okay?"
He nodded eagerly, his cock straining abruptly against its cage. His day was finally looking up.
Jack had awoken well before dawn, wanting to have a shower and prepare himself for the day to come. As agreed in advance, he locked himself in chastity, giving the key to Melissa; there was a second key too, but that was all the way back home.
Melissa had gone back to sleep, but Evelyn emerged from her room at sunrise and curled up sleepily on the sofa downstairs to watch television. "Make me coffee," she said, and once he had, she instructed him to kneel down on the sheepskin rug on his elbows and knees, and for a long time his sole purpose was as a back for her to rest her feet on. He was soon as bored as he was uncomfortable, and very far from aroused.
Eventually, though, Evelyn stirred and sat cross-legged, studying him with her bright, emerald eyes. She was dressed in silk pyjamas with a flowery design. Jack was in a T-shirt and boxers, and thick socks because the tiles in the kitchen area were cold in the morning. "I suppose you can keep the socks on," she said, "and the shirt, but the boxers must come off. Go fetch that box." She pointed towards a box on the bookshelf.
He pulled off his boxers as ordered, letting her see his cock in its chastity cage, and retrieved the box. It wasn't a big box, and wasn't heavy. Inside was a gag shaped like a pink dog bone, and a white tail attached to a buttplug. Evelyn fixed the gag in place, and ordered him to lube his ass and insert the buttplug.
This he did, reluctantly, awkwardly, feeling both absurd and humiliated, and also bizarrely aroused - and even more so when he felt the plug vibrating suddenly. Evelyn grinned at him as she played with the settings and the buttplug cycled through different strengths and frequencies of vibration. It was slightly horrifying that it felt so good, and he could feel the tail magnifying his own restless twitching. "Go make me breakfast," she said. "Egg and cheese, with watercress."
With that done, she ordered him back into place at her feet, again bored and uncomfortable, but also distracted by intermittent vibrations and conscious of the precum making his thighs wet.
Not until Melissa descended, laughing at his predicament, did his duties get more interesting. "Go make breakfast for your wife," Evelyn said, kicking him away. "And bring me that other box." She pointed to a larger box on a lower bookshelf, and Jack brought it over before heading for the kitchen. The vibrations in his ass kept changing as his wife played with the remote control. He glowered across at her, but in truth he enjoyed it - unlike the gag, which was making his jaw ache more and more.
When Jack returned with a sandwich for Melissa, both women were sporting erections. Melissa's was smooth, slender and purple. Evelyn's was longer, thicker and shaped like a real cock with veins and a bulbous head - and black. "Let's get that gag off," she said, and he bent to allow her to remove it. Inching her hips forward, Evelyn spread her legs wide and ordered, "Get on your knees and suck."
It wasn't a real cock. Indeed, Jack was quite happy to suck on the cock-shaped silicone toy since it meant breathing in the raw aroma of Evelyn's aroused pussy. He licked and kissed the veiny shaft and sucked seductively on the head, having fun acting like a porn star sucking a real cock. Melissa watched him while she ate her sandwich, while Evelyn seemed more interested in the television. "I want to hear you, Jack," she said. "I want to hear you moaning like a horny slut who can't get enough cock. Convince me you love it."
So he did. Jack moaned like a horny slut as he licked and sucked, and was startled to discover that the more he thought of the dildo as a real cock, and the more he got into the whole performance, the more it excited him. "That's so hot," Melissa said. "Do me now."
Melissa spread her legs and Jack shuffled into place, bending to take her smaller member into her mouth. This time he was able to enjoy his wife's familiar fragrance as he sucked her smooth, silicone cock and moaned with simulated pleasure.
"What do you think?" Evelyn asked Melissa.
"That he has the potential to be quite a talented little cock-sucker," she replied, brushing her fingers through his hair affectionately. "But all this is just a tease. Come on, Jack. Be a real man. Take it all. Use your throat, like a real slut."
He tried. He really tried, but ended up gagging on it and felt sick.
Melissa sighed with disappointment. "Now, now," Evelyn said to her. "Be nice. He's here to learn, after all." To Jack she said, "Breathe out first, and don't try to breathe in. Then slowly let it ease into your throat."
Jack nodded, waited until his breathing and nerves were calm, then emptied his lungs and wrapped his lips about Melissa's purple shaft. Gradually he allowed it to penetrate the back of his mouth, and then, amazingly, into his throat. He could feel the silicone cock blocking his airway and expanding it unnaturally. He took in as much as he dared - perhaps even as much as an inch - and then made the fatal mistake of trying to breathe.
He recoiled, choking and coughing, but feeling in fact quite proud of his achievement. Evelyn grinned. "I think that deserves a reward. Come here, Jack. Eat me out." She removed the strap-on harness to give him full access to her gorgeously wet pussy, and Jack dived in happily, his tongue sweeping through her sweet, delicate folds and lapping up the juices. "That's good, Jack. Like that. I'm going to come all over your face."
He was hardly aware of Melissa circling around him, until he felt her tugging on his tail, pulling firmly so that the buttplug stretched him deliciously wide - and then she released it to pop back into place within him. She repeated this several times, distracting him very pleasurably from his duty to Evelyn's prominent clit. Between the beaded anal vibrator he had been playing with at home and now this vibrating plug-and-tail, Jack was learning to love having his ass played with.
Melissa tugged again, and Jack gave a startled whine as the plug popped entirely free, leaving him feeling almost uncomfortably empty back there. Evelyn grabbed his head and squashed his face against her pussy, even as he felt a fresh pressure against his ass as the plug -
Not the plug. As Melissa's purple cock pushed through his tight entrance. He whined with complaint, but neither woman relented. "Make me come," Evelyn growled as Melissa thrust deeper into him. It was a strange but not unwelcome sensation. He remembered suddenly watching Melissa with her face in Evelyn's pussy, Jamal fucking her from behind. Now it was his turn.
Accepting his fate, he concentrated on Evelyn's pussy, on licking her clit as well as he could. It was difficult with Melissa driving her synthetic cock into him. He found himself wishing the shaft weren't quite so smooth, and wondered what Evelyn's thicker, veinier cock would feel like - but he didn't dare ask.
How long they continued he could not have said. "This is hard work," Melissa said eventually.
"Don't stop now," Evelyn panted, her sharp nails digging into Jack's scalp. "Make me come, Jack. Make me -"
And then she did, crying loud as fluid gushed out around his cheeks. "Yes," she cried. "Yes!"
Melissa eased out of Jack, and went to crash on the sofa beside Evelyn, who finally released Jack's head from between her thighs. "Good slave," she said. "Go fetch towels and wipes."
*
"Come and see," Melissa called out excitedly. Clint had just walked in the front door carrying a large box. "Jack, show him what you can do."
Jack, embarrassed to be doing this in front of a man, nevertheless did as asked, wrapping his lips about Melissa's purple dildo and descending until his nose was pressed to her belly, the synthetic cock stuffing his throat. He held still for about a minute, then pulled away until he could breathe again. He glanced up at Clint, feeling both proud of his new skill and shame at being seen as a cock-sucker.
Clint merely shrugged, and set the box down. "Lunch, ladies, as ordered."
Evelyn peeked in the box and gave a squeal of excitement. "I think we can give your mouth a rest for a few minutes, Jack. If you need the loo, or if you want to grab a snack and a drink, now's your chance."
Indeed, he wanted all three, and dragged his heels a little as he worried about what Evelyn had planned next. In the bathroom, he held his poor, caged penis and wondered if there was any hope that he would after all get to fuck Evelyn's ass. He still couldn't quite believe that Melissa had pegged him, when she had never allowed him to do likewise. He had enjoyed it too, in a way. He was enjoying sucking the girls' cocks too.
It confused him. Jack kept having to remind himself why he was letting them do this to him. This was all so he could watch Melissa be the perfect whore and welcome a string of virile men in her cum-drenched cunt. Just thinking about it had his cock swelling once more within its cage.
"Hurry up!" Evelyn called, and with a sigh he finished his business and returned to kneel in front of the girls.
"This is going to be fun," Evelyn said, tightening a strap about his chest. "Down on hands and knees, slave."
He did as told, and Melissa worked lube into his ass while Evelyn fiddled with something on his back. "Now for the tray," she said, and indeed there was a metal tray that fixed to his back and the strap.
There was also an ominous hook that ended in a buttplug. He groaned quietly as Melissa pressed the plug against his rear entrance. It was wider than the tail plug had been, and indeed it stretched him wider than he had ever been. For a minute he had been sure it wouldn't go in, but Melissa applied lots of lubricant and firmly pushed it in.
Humiliating though it was to be played with like he was a sex toy, and to have his ass stuffed like this in front of Clint, part of him was loving it. His cock was swollen within its cage, and the stretched fullness of his ass just felt good. And then the tray clicked in place against his back.
"Keep still, slave, or you will be punished severely."
"Yes, Mistress," he said.
"And now for lunch," she said, taking plates of cakes and savouries and laying them on the tray. Jack sighed, knowing he had no choice but endure this strange torment while the others dined off his back.
*
Lunch was good, and Melissa was fascinated by the way Jack's cock often strained against the cage, precum dripping onto the rug beneath him. He'd barely complained as she'd shoved the thick plug in his ass, and indeed he'd barely complained when she'd fucked him there. She hoped he'd let her do it again.
"It's your turn now, Melissa," Evelyn said as she strapped her harness on with its thick, black cock. It wasn't as long or as thick as Clint's cock, but the blackness of it made it look scary. She watched as Evelyn slid her legs beneath Jack's face, her cock almost close enough for him to suck - but that wasn't what she wanted. "Ride me, Melissa. Fuck yourself on my cock until you come."
Understanding, Melissa walked round and straddled Evelyn, lowering herself gradually onto the black cock. It felt as huge going into her as it looked, but she took her time, allowing it to stretch her deliciously. She could feel Jack's warm breath against her cheeks, and loved that he was watching the thick shaft slowly skewer her. "Oh god, that feels amazing," she said.
She lowered herself until she was face to face with Evelyn, and they made a show of kissing passionately as Melissa fucked herself on the cock with slow, shallow thrusts. She knew the position she was in gave Jack the perfect view of her stretched pussy as the black shaft pushed in and pulled out.
Clint knelt down beside them, and she could feel his hands on her ass, squeezing her cheeks. She ignored him until suddenly a finger slick with cool gel pushed through her tight, rear entrance. Melissa worried briefly that he would want to fuck her there, but instead she felt him pushing something into her. Something round and smooth. A bead, on a string.
Another followed, and another. Ten in all, filling her, shifting within her as she rode the black cock faster. It made her hyperaware of that thin wall separating the two passages. Evelyn's hands were crushing her breasts, fingers pinching her nipples, and suddenly Clint's cock was demanding entry into her mouth.
There were too many sensations. They distracted her as much as they aroused, and her climax remained elusive. She rode Evelyn's cock with increasing desperation, even as Clint forced her to suck his, his hands holding her head in place.
Until suddenly he left her mouth alone and walked round behind her, and she was startled to see him feed his cock to an equally startled Jack - who recovered surprisingly quickly. The sight of him sucking hungrily on Clint's huge cock was almost enough to make Melissa come. She picked up the pace, fucking herself hard on Evelyn's cock, able at last to concentrate on the building tension. Evelyn's hands helped her along, as did the shifting beads in her ass.
She screamed as she climaxed, still riding hard as she convulsed. Clint tugged at the string, pulling the beads out one by one, and the forced stretching and relaxation of her ass made her come even harder.
Until, exhausted, she rolled off Evelyn onto the rug - and watched with amusement as Evelyn knelt and began fucking Jack's mouth, while Clint stood next to her, and guided his cock between her eager lips.
*
The sun was already setting when Evelyn finally made good on her promise. "You've been a very good puppy, Jack," she said, "and I did say you would be allowed to fuck my ass while Melissa watched."
Melissa, keeper of the key, merely raised an eyebrow and said nothing as he looked at her pleadingly. Evelyn laughed and pulled a third strap-on harness from the second box. "Use this," she said, adding, "and lube me first." She knelt on the sheepskin rug and rested her head on her arms on the sofa.
Grinning wickedly, Melissa helped him into the harness. It was designed so that the long, brown dildo sat above his caged cock. It was a realistic design with veins and all, and significantly bigger than his own actually real cock, but of course he wouldn't be able to feel her sweet tightness against his shaft as he fucked her. It was a cruel trick to play, but he determined to take as much pleasure in it as he could.
With one finger, then two, then three, he loosened up her tight entrance with plenty of gel. She murmured happily while he did so, wiggling her ass provocatively whenever he withdrew. The dildo slipped into her prepared passage with ease. Jack enjoyed the sight of his sizable synthetic cock burrowing into her. He might not be able to feel it, but he knew Evelyn was certainly feeling every inch of it.
He eased out, and drove in harder, and Evelyn moaned quietly in response. "Harder, Jack," Melissa said. "Fuck her the way you fuck me."
Not that she could have stopped him. Curling his fist through Evelyn's hair, he pulled her head up and back as his tentative thrusts with dildo settled into a deep, fast pounding of her ass. "Is this what you want, Mistress?" he growled.
Her only answer was a moan that echoed pain as much as pleasure. With his free hand he spanked her hard, forcing a cry of surprise from her. He spanked her again, because she was clearly a slut who loved to be punished, and though he was still her slave she didn't complain once.
Evelyn was a gorgeous and erotic woman, and he loved to be able to fuck her like this. He only wished he were able to come inside her.
The last embers of sunlight died away, so that even the high branches of the trees were cast into shadow. "Time's up," Evelyn said, and pushed him away as she sat on the floor panting, one hand teasing her clit. "You're a free man, Jack."
Melissa handed him the key, and he quickly removed the harness and dildo, and carefully extracted himself from the chastity cage. "Give her a facial, Jack," his wife said, pulling Evelyn's head back by her hair. "I want to see your cum all over her pretty face."
Jack was quickly fully erect and stroking himself urgently. His cock felt bruised from its long confinement. After being aroused and denied for the whole day and more, he knew he wouldn't last long.
And he didn't. Aiming his cock at her face, he moaned with relief and frustration as his orgasm overtook him, thick, creamy cum bursting out from his convulsing member to splash against Evelyn's lips and cheeks, some hitting her specs as she looked up at him with her beautiful green eyes.
And then he was done, staggering backwards, watching as Melissa bent to kiss Evelyn's cum-wet lips.
Glory Be
Instructed to stay in their room, Jack and Melissa showered together, then climbed into bed together, kissing for a while then dozing off in each other's arms. The day had been long and intense, but there was more to come. "Any regrets?" she asked him at some point, wondering how he felt after sucking unexpectedly on Clint's cock and after she had taken him anally.
But if there were regrets, he didn't voice them, saying merely, "No."
"I thought it was hot," she murmured. "Seeing you suck cock like a real slut."
Clint and Evelyn woke them at nine. "Use the bathroom if you need," Evelyn said. "No need to dress."
They readied themselves quickly. "You'll need to wear these," Clint said, handing them blindfolds. Being naked and blindfolded, knowing there were strangers downstairs who were about to see her like this, was a new thrill for Melissa. She allowed Evelyn to guide her down the stairs, and through the unseen stares. She could feel them watching her, whoever they were.
Evelyn had her lie with her back on a padded bench. It was too short to rest her legs on, however. Something large was being moved around, something rubbery pinched around her waist, and the murmurs and whispers of the watchers became muffled. And the blindfold came off.
They were in a box, of sorts. Or at least, half of Melissa was in the box along with Jack and Evelyn, both of whom had to kneel because of the low top. Evelyn was behind Jack, fastening a collar about his neck, and in the wall in front of him, level with his mouth was the outline of a hole. Leather cuffs fastened his wrists and his ankles together.
Beyond the wall, someone lifted her legs high, spreading them and pushing up against the wall on the other side, taking the weight of her lower half entirely. Straps were fastened about her legs, exposing her helplessly to the view of the watchers - and not, she guessed, just their view. Unseen fingers worked lubricant into her ass for a minute, and she wondered how many strangers would be taking advantage of her there. Only two men had ever fucked her ass before - and only one of them had made her enjoy it.
But it wasn't for cocks that her ass was being prepared. The hard surface of a buttplug pressed into her slowly, slotting firmly into place.
And not justherass, Melissa noticed suddenly. Jack made a noise of complaint as Evelyn pushed a plug into his ass - a plug that had a cable trailing from it.
In fact, there were several lights and cameras and other electronic things dotted about the box, no doubt allowing the watchers to watch, and perhaps even to control. "Don't move," Evelyn said to Jack and flicked a switch under the bench. Jack murmured in surprise and shuffled awkwardly.
"Your turn now, my dear," she said, picking up strange-looking clamps with wires attached. These she brought to Melissa's nipples, but didn't tighten them. "You need to apply the pressure yourself," she said. "Do it."
Melissa did so. She liked pinching her nipples when aroused, the pain exciting her as much as the pleasure. "Keep the pressure on," Evelyn told her, and flicked another switch. A sudden, startling, pulsing stimulation in Melissa's ass had her contracting and relaxing about the stem of the plug in an involuntary and uncontrollable rhythmic fashion. It wasn't unpleasant at all, and in fact the thought of the watchers seeing her bum squirming helplessly was deeply erotic.
"If you increase the pressure on your nipples, it will reduce the stimulation," Evelyn explained. Melissa experimented, and found by squeezing the clamps tight against her nipples, the stimulation to her ass reduced until it was barely noticeable. But the opposite was true also. Easing the pressure gradually sharpened the stimulation until the pain had her gasping.
"Jack's is controlled by a sensor in his collar. The further his mouth is from the gloryhole, the more intense the stimulation."
Melissa threw Jack a look of sympathy, but Evelyn wasn't finished yet. "And now I'm going to switch them around." She flicked a couple of switches. "Now you're responsible for each other's pleasure." Melissa carefully eased the pressure on her nipples, and heard Jack whine with complaint as he squirmed - quickly she applied the pressure again. "You can stop any time you like. If either of you says 'Stop', I'll switch the electricity off immediately, and Clint and I will escort you upstairs again. Understood?"
"Yes," Melissa said, echoed a few seconds later by Jack.
"Good. Then let's begin." Evelyn knocked on the wall.
The gloryhole opened in front of Jack's mouth, though no cock rushed through. Melissa waited a little anxiously, half expecting a hard, urgent cock to thrust inelegantly into her exposed pussy without any warning at all. It was surreal not being able to see who was there, or indeed if there was anyone there at all. She could no longer hear them.
She felt warm breath against her, the only warning before a soft tongue glided slowly between her labia. In that moment of surprise, she forgot to keep the pressure on her nipples, and Jack yelped - and as he flinched, she felt an answering jolt of painful stimulation in her own ass. "Sorry!" she cried, hastily pinching her nipples. "There's a tongue in my pussy."
*
One of the many areas of online porn that Jack had been drawn to over the years was housewives doing gloryholes. Very often he would be imagining Melissa on her knees in a cubicle sucking an endless string of anonymous cocks. Indeed, there had been times where he had very nearly suggested a trip to a local gloryhole - for her to do him, if nothing else. He had never imagined, though, that he might be the one on his knees sucking cocks.
Very occasionally, he had stumbled across a different kind of gloryhole porn: one where it was women's pussies on offer to men. And now he had no need to imagine Melissa in such a scenario. She was living it for real, her exposed pussy on offer to all beyond the wall. She looked so beautiful writhing restlessly on the bench as some unknown, unseen mouth ate her out. The strength of the stimulation in his ass varied as she played with her nipples.
A cock thrust through the hole and Jack retreated without thought. Melissa cried out, "Jack!" He recovered quickly, wrapping his lips about the shaft. It had shocked him earlier when Clint had pushed his cock into Jack's mouth, but at the time he'd been absorbed in the sight of Melissa riding Evelyn's black cock right in front of his face. He'd also spent half the morning learning to suck synthetic cocks, so it had been easy to just do it and not think about it.
There wasn't really time to think about it now. Pulling away would just hurt Melissa, and while he could stop at any time, it would bring an end not only to seeing Melissa in this fantastic gloryhole setup, but also to the gangbang he wanted her to do. If that meant sucking a few cocks...
It helped that he couldn't see who was attached to it. It was just a cock to suck, not a man to give pleasure to. Not so different from a dildo. Softer, a little; and warmer, sure; and, okay, yes, they smelled very different, although not unpleasantly so; and there was the occasional, distinctively salty taste of precum, that he didn't mind, except that it reminded him of what might follow - and he really hoped nothing would follow. It was one thing to lick another man's cum from his wife's ravished pussy, quite something else for a man to unload in his mouth.
Fortunately, they weren't interested in that. He counted six in all. Clint's, of course, unmistakable. One black cock that was impressively thick, though unremarkable in length. One was long and bent downwards, and it certainly went down his throat when given the chance. One produced so much precum it splashed all over his chin and dripped onto his chest.
To his growing surprise and discomfort, he found he was enjoying himself, and actually taking pride in his newly developed skill. Did enjoying it mean he was gay - or bi, maybe?
Next to him, Melissa panted and shook as someone pounded into her hard beyond the wall. "Fuck," she said. "Fuck." It was the only word she was able to form. "Fuck." Until suddenly she was still, except for her breathing.
Another cock. Clint's again. This time gleaming wet and smeared with cum, fresh from Melissa's pussy. Jack could feel his own cock - uncaged - throbbing with need as he licked and sucked the huge cock that had just fucked his wife. If his wrists hadn't been bound behind him, he would have stroked himself as he practically worshipped this gloryhole cock.
*
Melissa could feel something pressing against her, something cool, hard and thin - the rim of a glass, maybe. Collecting cum, maybe. Scooping it up. She had recognised Clint's cock as it stretched her magnificently, and wished she could do more than just accept it passively. She almost felt used by him, a cunt to be fucked - but wasn't that the whole point? For man after man to fill her cunt with cum and go?
So much cum in one go from Clint. Although he had joined in the fun at lunchtime, he hadn't actually finished, and she hadn't seen him finish the evening before either. Perhaps he had been saving it up for this moment. And now it was being saved again as it escaped from her.
A new cock, slender in comparison to Clint's, thrust easily into her. There was nothing for Melissa to do except watch her husband licking the length of Clint's cock. The pulsing stimulation of her ass matched her husband's movements - she had to keep reminding herself to squeeze her nipples, which she was starting to weary of doing. Her nipples felt increasingly tender.
The cock fucking her seemed in no hurry to finish. Melissa wondered who it belonged to, whether they were young and handsome or old and withered. She tried to relax and just enjoy it, but her pulsing, contracting ass kept her too impatient for more.
It finished at last, spurting its seed into her, and an impressive quantity, as far as she could tell. As it withdrew, the glass was there again, collecting a fresh outpouring of cum blended with her own sweet juices. "They're going to make me drink it, aren't they?"
Evelyn chuckled. "If you're lucky."
Melissa gasped as the thickest cock she had ever felt pushed firmly into her. "Oh, fuck," she said. She felt like she was being split open. Thankfully he was gentle, but... "Fuck!"
*
Given how much it had felt like going into her, Melissa was a little disappointed that all the cum they'd collected barely filled a wine glass - and not a big one at that. The cum of six men (all had used her more than once) made for a very unattractive drink, though the smell of it was familiar and intense.
Having endured the gloryhole box and, it seemed, having performed acceptably, Jack and Melissa had been introduced to their judges, who were all fully clothed now. Six men, including Clint. Three women, including Evelyn. Melissa, standing naked amongst them, her cunt aching pleasantly from their long use of it, trembled with fatigue.
"One final test," Evelyn had said, handing her the glass.
How to drink it, she mused. Probably best just to get it down. Tilting her head up, Melissa let the viscous contents slide into her mouth, swallowing it down with determination. The taste and smell of it, the slimy texture of it, filled her senses. Unmistakably cum. "Lovely," she said.
Time for a Quick Pee
"What would your wife say if she saw you here with me?" Melissa had said with a smile, sipping her white wine and wondering how far she could push her luck.
Andrew was sipping from a bottle of some imported beer. This was the Thursday before the weekend with the gloryhole box. They'd found a table near the window of the bar downstairs, far too visible to the rest of the world for what Melissa had in mind. "She wouldn't be pleased," he'd said.
"I guess we ought to find somewhere more secluded," Melissa said suggestively. "Unless you'd rather not see me again?"
"Where did you have in mind?" he asked with a playful smile, and she wondered if he had cheated on his wife before.
"How about my place?"
"What about your husband?"
"Leave him to me." Melissa considered explaining about the agreement, but wasn't sure if Andrew would be comfortable with it. She still wasn't entirely sure about it herself. She wasn't sure even about the idea of seducing a married man away from his loving wife and mother of his three children. What if she was the reason their marriage failed? She would feel terrible. (She rolled her eyes at her own absurdity. Why was it always the woman's fault - even when it was the man who was being unfaithful? Why shouldshefeel guilty if he strayed and got caught?)
"Why?" she asked. "Why risk it?" She shook her head suddenly. "Let me ask a different question. How could I make it worth the risk? What can I do for you that your wife will not?"
"I, ah," he said, and fell awkwardly silent.
"I promise not to laugh," she said. "Tell me your kinks. Do you want to spank me? Tie me up? Suck my toes? Just please," - she lowered her voice - "don't ask to fuck my ass."
Andrew stared at her a little wide-eyed. "I had no idea you were like this."
Melissa shrugged negligently. "Two weeks ago - probably even one week ago - I wouldn't have dreamed of talking to you this way, but..." She sighed. "Go home, Andrew. Go back to your adoring wife."
He ignored her, and studied his drink for a minute. "I love my wife," he said. "I've never been unfaithful to her before. Even the sex is okay."
"But?"
"She's very traditional. She likes sex, but only if it's romantic and tender, and only if the sheets are clean, and shehatesbody fluids. She refuses to do oral - either way. She has these gorgeous breasts and I'd love to thrust my cock between them and -" He looked round nervously, but no one was listening. The music was loud enough to cover their lewd conversation. "I have this one fantasy where she's wearing a latex catsuit, and when she comes she pees all over me, and then I pull out and come all over her, and she just lies there smearing it all over her latex-covered breasts and licking her fingers."
Which really was quite a fantasy. "Sorry," Melissa said. "I don't have a latex catsuit."
He stared at her for a minute, then laughed. "Can I give you a lift home?"
"That would be lovely - but I can't invite you in tonight."
Andrew shrugged. "I never put out on a first date anyway..."
*
That first Thursday, he hadn't come in, but he had come - in her mouth. Parked outside the entrance, just below her second-storey apartment, in view of her husband, had he known to look. It was dark out, and quiet, but not so quiet that there were no passers-by to notice her blonde-hair bobbing up and down in the shadows.
Andrew, of course, had not resisted this display of gratitude. The stiffness of his cock had proved his eagerness. He was not so different in size from her husband - a good enough length, in other words - and had finished quickly, but not too quickly. She'd moaned with exaggerated pleasure as she swallowed his cum, and continued sucking gently on his softening cock to extract every last trace of it.
Afterwards he had regarded her with astonished wonder, much as Prince Charming must have regarded Cinderella on discovering a foot that fit. "Go home to your wife and children," she'd said. "All this is just a very sexy fairytale. Go home."
He'd nodded, understanding, and Melissa had waved goodbye as he drove off - and then went upstairs to start shopping.
The following Thursday he gave her a lift again, but this time she invited him up. The apartment was dark, seemingly empty, but it filled with warm light and colour as she showed him in. The heart of her home was the large open-plan lounge, dining room and kitchen. "Have a seat," she said, cracking open a beer for him. "I'm going to change into something a little less comfortable."
In truth, Melissa was already uncomfortable. She had been drinking water all afternoon and now the ache in her bladder was insistent. On any normal day, she'd have rushed to take care of it. Instead she endured it and swapped her office clothes for her newly purchased latex catsuit. Its constriction only worsened the pressure within.
She completed her erotic new look with the red-laced ankle boots that Evelyn had given her for the evening with Jamal and Saranya. "What do you think?" she asked as she sashayed back into the lounge.
As Andrew's eyes drank in her new glossy black curves, there was no disguising his excitement. Speechless, he could only nod. "Take your clothes off," Melissa said, "and follow."
Melissa waited in the spare bedroom for him, towels laid on the double bed ready for the event, a waterproof mattress protector beneath - another new purchase. She had never done anything like this before. She'd heard of golden showers, of course, but after Andrew's revelation the week before she'd learned that there were people who liked to pee in public places - something that appealed to the exhibitionist in her - and also that peeing during orgasm was supposed to be amazing.
Messy too, thus the towels and mattress protector.
Andrew, quickly naked, joined her on the bed, his hands caressing her smooth, rubber skin. His impatient hands unzipped her crotch to expose her pussy, and he bent to bury his nose in those soft, intimate folds, his tongue darting briefly inside her before sweeping up in search of her clit. "Unless you want to drink my pee," she said, "do you mind if we skip the foreplay? I'm close to bursting."
His eyes blazed with fresh hunger and he nodded. Crawling up over her, pausing only to suck on her latex-covered nipples, his hard cock was soon at her unzipped entrance, and she reached down to guide it into her.
*
Jack had prepared well. Bethany's husband Scott had talked him through how to set up hidden cameras, and on his computer in the study he now had four different views of the guest bedroom. "This is the only room you're allowed to watch me in," Melissa had insisted, and so he had made sure he could watch her - and even record her - in detail. Hidden microphones picked up every sigh of desire and moan of pleasure, and with his headphones on he heard them loud and clear.
Locked in the secrecy of the study, and locked in chastity too, Jack watched as Andrew's cock penetrated his wife. He had not seen Melissa in the catsuit before. He'd known she was planning something, but he was still stunned by how hot she looked in rubber. It was almost cruel that she had dressed this way for Andrew and not him.
Except thiswasfor him. She knew - or at least guessed - that Jack was watching. He was the one who had insisted she sleep with other men. That she fuck them. And now she was, and she was letting him watch. One camera had a perfect view from behind of Andrew's cock pounding into her. Another pointed at Melissa's face, and her eyes often stayed from Andrew to look directly into Jack's eyes.
"I hope you've been saving yourself," she said to her lover. "I want lots of creamy cum all over me."
"You are such a gorgeous, kinky slut," Andrew growled. "Come for me. I want to watch you come."
Melissa reached down to help herself along with her fingers, brushing her clit as Andrew's cock continued hammering into her.
*
Melissa was increasingly conscious of the strain on her bladder as her body shook beneath the impacts of Andrew's excited thrusting, and as her own building excitement fought against her control of it. She had never let a man see her pee before, even her husband. She had certainly never peed on a man before.
Despite the kinky thrill of the idea, every instinct was against it. The sex itself was surprisingly good, as if her fullness was intensifying the sensation somehow, but her anxiety also distracted her, making her climax elusive. And she could feel her body rebelling. She moaned, as much in horror as simple relief, as some leaked out. Even if he didn't feel it, Andrew had to hear how wet she was suddenly. "Oh god," she said, feeling herself flush with the shame of it.
"Yes!" Andrew said. "Come for me, slut. Let go." He shifted his balance to free a hand, and rubbed her nipples through the latex.
"Harder," she demanded. "Pinch them harder! Hurt me a little."
He was more than happy to. He grabbed at her breasts, squeezing them roughly, and pinched and tugged at her nipples until she whimpered with complaint. "Like this, slut?"
"Yes!" It was exactly what she needed, pushing her at last towards a much needed climax as Andrew fucked her fast and deep. "Oh fuck yes."
As she tumbled over the precipice, her cunt contracting about Andrew's beautiful hard cock, he pressed a hand against her belly. Melissa cried out as she lost all control, pee bursting from her even as her body rocked through a prolonged and intense orgasm. "Fuck!" she hissed, holding him tight to her. "Fuck!"
*
Jack watched in utter fascination as fluid gushed out of his wife's pussy past the cock still embedded in it. His first thought was that Melissa was squirting, something Jack had never seen her do before, but there was so much of it flooding out to soak the towels, and it dawned on him finally that she was peeing in the middle of her orgasm.
As she relaxed at last, releasing him from her embrace, Andrew pulled out and stroked his cock, swiftly bringing himself to a climax. His cum jetted out, making pale lines across the glossy, black, latex skin of her belly, and splashing against her latex-covered breasts.
Melissa murmured happily as she swirled her fingertips through the creamy mess. "I want more," she said, laughing. "Lie down," she ordered, sitting up and patting the bed next to her. As he did, she swivelled around and straddled him sixty-nine style, pushing her pee-flavoured pussy onto his mouth and bending to suck on his wilting cock.
Predictably, Andrew's cock hardened again under this double assault on his senses. Melissa moaned hungrily as she devoured him, fucking his cock with her mouth and throat, being every inch the whore Jack loved her to be. She had never looked so beautiful to him, and he captured her wild beauty from four different angles.
Despite having come already, Andrew did not last very long. He cried out suddenly from between the prison of her black-clad thighs, and Melissa worked his erupting cock with her hand, pressing the tip against one cheek then the other, until they gleamed wetly with cum - before sucking tenderly on the diminishing cock to capture the last few spurts of its creamy essence.
Laughing, she swivelled off Andrew so that he could see her cum-splashed face. "Am I worth it?" she asked.
Andrew could only nod - and Jack nodded with him.
Auction
"Are you happy?"
Jack hesitated before answering. The question had been asked with a studied neutrality. Melissa's eyes were on herself as she applied mascara in front of the mirror.
"Yes," he said carefully. "Are you?"
For a long time, she said nothing, then, "My biggest worry, when we married, was that one day one of us would change our mind about kids. Or, to be quite honest, my worry was that one day you would want kids, and that I would feel under pressure to be a mother."
Jack nodded. Melissa's long-standing determination not to have children baffled most people, and while there were times when seeing other men with their families left him a touch envious, he had never once regretted choosing Melissa over that possibility. It helped that they were sexually compatible in so many ways, even now. Perhaps especially now. "I'm happy with just you," he said.
"I'm not worried about that anymore. I'm worried instead that you'll learn to hate me as you watch me with other men. I worry that I'll fall in love with them and learn to hate you. I worry that I've become a sex addict, and that I'll never truly be satisfied again."
Melissa still wasn't looking at him. Jack walked over and embraced her from behind. "I'm more in love with you than ever," he said, and kissed her neck. "You are all my dreams come true. A beautiful wife who simply exudes sexual confidence. A liberated slut with a hot bod. A whore in bed with a dirty mouth and an insatiable cunt. Utterly fuckable, and utterly gorgeous." Any doubt about that must surely have been dispelled by his rock hard cock pushing against her back.
She smiled at him briefly in the mirror. "I love you, Jack. No matter who I'm with, no matter how great the sex, I want us to be together. If you're not happy, I can't be."
He sighed sadly. "There's one thing I still need to be truly happy."
Melissa frowned. "What?"
"A blowjob," he said, grinning. "From a gorgeous whore with a dirty mouth."
"That," she said with an arch expression, "will cost you."
*
"Welcome, Ladies and Gentlemen," Clint said, speaking from the stage, "to our Eighteenth Annual Charity Auction. I hope you enjoy the entertainment - I know some of you have already - and, please, do tip generously."
Melissa couldn't see him, not without twisting her neck painfully, but she could picture him in her mind. He was wearing an expensive white suit, a white ten-gallon hat like a cowboy, and the cocksure grin of a man in his element. "Not only do I have the honor of hosting this prestigious event this year, but I am delighted to offer, myself, not one butthreeerotic delights for your bidding pleasure."
Chuckling, he added, "Perhaps even a fourth. In fact, yes! And a better way to start the evening I cannot imagine. Who will give me one hundred dollars for a night with my gorgeous wife?"
Evelyn was just within Melissa's field of view. She seemed genuinely startled, but it was difficult to tell with her mouth gagged, a black dildo projecting in a grotesque yet erotic manner. (More than one guest had bent over in front of Evelyn, offering up a pussy to be serviced by that devious toy.) Her hands were cuffed behind her, having the effect of making her huge breasts (oiled and bare) seem to project forwards; and her legs were strapped to a rocker that magnified the movements of her restless hips into the mechanical thrusting of a huge, pink dildo.
"Thank you, sir. Do I hear one hundred and ten? Ah, Lady V. One twenty? One thirty?"
Melissa was distracted from the rising bids by new arrivals. A pair of well dressed men - both in their sixties, she guessed - strolled into the hall through the main doors. The first thing they saw was, of course, Melissa, positioned as she was with her legs stretched up and wide, her pussy on full display.
One of the sex kittens tottered over to take their coats. There were a dozen in all, women of various ages, dressed the same way Bethany, Saranya and Melissa had dressed that time, with open-cup bras, Cuban heel stockings with red seams, garter belts and red-laced ankle boots with high platforms and terrifying heels. Their duties were to welcome new arrivals, take their coats, and serve canaps and apritifs. And occasionally a little personal attention. They were certainly kept busy.
For a minute or two, the new arrivals listened to the auction, seemingly indifferent to her need for them. "I guarantee she's an excellent slut," Clint was saying. "There's not a cock she won't suck, and she adores pussy almost as much as I do. One night with her. Do I hear three hundred?"
The two gentlemen returned their attention to Melissa, tugging their cocks free of their trousers. One shoved his through the hole in the box at her feet, where Jack's lips could be seen as they endeavoured to ready the hardening flesh for her. The other circled round to her head and thrust unceremoniously into her mouth. She sucked on it eagerly, licking the swelling head and shaft, as his hand grabbed and squeezed her breasts one at a time.
She was glad not to be naked. The air in the hall was cool. Instead she was wearing the catsuit that she had worn for Andrew, except the top had been torn open to expose her breasts. The seat she lay in was specially constructed to splay her and hold her bound and available. It was comfortable enough, but she would no doubt be feeling it for days.
How many different cocks had she sucked so far? She'd lost count. Even more had fucked her. More than the sex itself, it was the thrill of being a helpless slut in public - or sort-of in public - that made this worth it. That and knowing her husband could see every cock that plunged into her. He'd probably sucked more cocks than she had.
"Next on offer," Clint said, "is a night with myself. And not just myself. Come here, Jamal. Yes, Ladies. It is no secret that Jamal and I could match any hero of your erotic romances for virility. Gentlemen! Would you not love to see your wife scream in ecstasy as she is doubly impaled? I start the bidding at two hundred dollars."
Melissa felt herself suddenly impaled as a cock eased into her pussy. She was tied down too securely to either help or hinder, and besides, the cock fucking her mouth demanded her attention.
*
Melissa and Jack had arrived earlier, during the setting up, to find Bethany lying naked on her back on a long, padded table, a large, fluffy blanket covering her temporarily for warmth. Clint was adjusting the restraints that held her ankles apart. "Ah! Tonight's star performer!" she cried dramatically on seeing Melissa, and managed to sit briefly as they embraced fondly. "Hello again, lover," she said.
"Hey, I'm your lover tonight, Cinderella," Saranya said, appearing as magically as a Hindu goddess, "but I guess I can share you with this gorgeous slut." She wrapped her arms about Melissa and kissed her.
Melissa melted under her touch. "You smell divine," she murmured.
"Yves Rocher," Saranya said, tying her long, black hair into a high ponytail. "So Elixir. Perfect for nights like tonight." She discarded her blue silk dressing gown and handed it to her husband - Melissa hadn't noticed Jamal standing behind her - and whipped away the blanket from Bethany. "It's time, Cinderella."
Bethany ginned at Melissa as she lay back again. Saranya climbed on top, in sixty-nine position, and Clint fastened her ankles in place too. Clearly the two women would be spending the evening with their faces in each other's pussies. A sweet torture indeed - and that was only the half of it, for at either end of the long table was a rotary fucking machine. Melissa watched, absorbed, as Clint and Jamal positioned the machines so that the long, thick, fluorescent pink dildos, gleaming with a thick layer of lubricating gel, lined up with their respective pussies.
Saranya and Bethany paid little attention, being more focussed on each other as the dildos invaded their love-making and slowly penetrated. "Ready?" Clint asked, and the two women murmured assent. He pressed a large red button on the table, and both machines whirred into life, the wheels driving the dildos in and out with mechanical efficiency. Melissa had a clear view of Bethany licking Saranya's clit as the pink dildo thrust rhythmically into Saranya's pussy above Bethany's face.
After about thirty seconds, the machines stopped automatically, the dildos still embedded. Saranya whined in gentle frustration, her hips wriggling about the static silicone cock that now refused to fuck her.
"Excellent," Clint said. "One last thing..." He and Jamal brought over a thick sheet of clear plastic. They fixed it to clips on one side of the table, then arched it over the two women and clipped it on the other, so that Bethany and Saranya were enclosed in the half-tube like some sort of science experiment on display in a museum. "Press the button," he said to Melissa.
She did, feeling a thrill of power in the act. The machines engaged again, and within their tube the two women, brown and white, moaned into each other's pussies as they writhed about the thrusting cocks. For all of thirty seconds. There was a delicious cruelty in it. The temptation to press the button again warred with the temptation not to.
"Your turn now," Clint said, and guided Melissa to her own display stand.
*
Kneeling on a cushion in a box beneath Melissa's raised right leg, Jack had a letterbox view of the action. His wife's devouring pussy was close enough to touch, and yet he could not. Cock after cock had plunged into that sweetness, sometimes slow and steady, sometimes with a frantic fury. Time and again he could almost feel the smack of flesh on flesh. Her panting and gasping, her cries of pleasure, echoed in his ears.
Sweetest of all were the pearls of cum that escaped from her tender, ravished folds. Her hips twitched restlessly, and her exposed, cum-drenched cunt seemed to have a life of its own, not so much a pussy as a leopardess salivating at the prospect of her next meal. It was well fed too.
From time to time, a fresh cock thrust into his letterbox. Only with the first had he hesitated, questioning for a brief moment his sanity. Jack had agreed to this role only because of the joy of watching his wife live out this fantasy gangbang. He wasn't gay. He wasn't a... cock-sucker.
But he could be. He had proved that already, and this was no different. And so he had wrapped his lips about that first cock and he had sucked, and soon had found himself enjoying it again. Long cocks, short cocks; slender cocks, fat cocks; smooth cocks, veiny cocks; hairy cocks, shaven cocks; black, brown and white cocks; even cocks with piercings. From his concealed mouth to Melissa's ravenous cunt -
- and back again, triumphant and wilting, slick with cum and tasting of Melissa. Jack sucked them clean again, glorying in the evidence of his wife's whorish nature.
In the unseen distance, the auction proceeded, Clint's sonorous voice filtering even into Jack's little box. "And now time, I think, for the third of my gifts," he was saying. "If there is one simple thing that binds all of us here tonight, it is our sincere belief that, such is a woman's capacity for sexual pleasure, it is a crime against nature to limit her to a single partner. Show me a faithful wife, and I will show you an unsatisfied wife."
Jack agreed, of course. Seeing Melissa in the throes of an ecstasy beyond anything he himself could deliver answered a fundamental need in himself. It was a need far deeper than cultural ideas of what it meant to be a man. A need far greater than his own need to come, though his caged and swollen cock sulked in its confinement.
"I have been blessed with a wife who shares this understanding, and who has made her life and my own a great adventure of seductive pleasure, one that I have attempted now and then to share with the world through my writing. There can surely be no better review than readers discovering within themselves that same yearning passion, and reaching out to me to help fantasy become reality."
Jack wondered if Clint was talking about him specifically, or whether others present had also fallen under the spell of the author's words. "I have been likened to a modern-day Cyrano de Bergerac, as skilled with sword as with words." He laughed, and shouted, "Qu' la fin de l'envoi, je touche!"
The meaning of the words and the guests' answering laughter escaped Jack, but suddenly there was a man blocking his view, hands casually extracting a brown cock so long it could only be Jamal's. "And so, Ladies and Gentlemen," Clint was saying, "for our next lot I offer to write for you a story of your own, to seduce whomever your heart desires - though I warn you, I cannot write love without discovering it myself."
If there was more, Jack heard not, for Jamal's cock filled his mouth and he moaned with delight as he wrapped both hands about the astonishing shaft.
*
If Melissa had been disappointed with the small quantity of cum she had been given to drink at her audition, barely filling as it did a small wine glass, she found the sight of the large wine glass, brim-full of cum, to be quite alarming.
"Before we move on to the final lot in this grand, erotic auction," Clint was saying, "let me welcome onto the stage our evening's entertainment."
All eyes turned to look at Melissa and her two companions. Barely able to walk, her muscles stiff and her balance not helped by her high stiletto heels, Melissa was grateful for the support provided by Bethany and Saranya. Together the trio made their way onto the stage, and were joined too by a weary but excited Evelyn.
"My wife, Evelyn, you all know, and most in both senses of the word," Clint continued, "and many of you know Bethany and Saranya, through my stories if not in person. I think they all deserve a round of applause, don't you?"
The audience, some two hundred strong, clapped enthusiastically, some cheering loudly. Melissa vaguely recognised many of the faces, men who had used her mouth and filled her cunt, and whose cum now filled the glass that Clint held so tantalisingly.
"And, of course, our star entertainer, Melissa, who is new to our company but who has performed excellently - but, wait. She has one last act to perform. Here, Melissa, dear." He held out the glass for her to take. "Prove to us all what an incomparable slut you are."
Jack, released from his box, was watching from behind the audience, his expression one of awe and adoration. Melissa smiled at him, and put the glass to her lips. She had done this before, she could do it again, but it really wasn't easy to drink. It was a slimy, murky liquid that her instincts rejected, but she understood the powerful symbolism of it, and drank it down with determination. Some spilled from the corners of her mouth and dripped from her chin onto her breasts, and she left it there for all to see.
"Bravo!" Clint cried, and led a round of applause just for her. She could feel the cum inside her, working its oily way through her, but she summoned up a triumphant grin and raised the empty glass up heroically high. It had, after all, been a fantastic night.
"My latest story will be published tomorrow," Clint said, "and all four of these lovely ladies, these sensual sirens of perversity and pleasure, feature in what, in all modesty, is one of my finest works. In it, you can read how Melissa learned to love anal - and in so doing, how she came to sign this."
Melissa's eyes widened at the sight of the scroll. The document, rolled up and tied with a scarlet ribbon, could only be one thing. "This," Clint explained, "is the deed to Melissa's ass." Despite everything else that she had done, Melissa still blushed furiously as the audience rippled with laughter. "It is not legally binding, of course, but I have every faith that our fair Melissa will honour its terms."
Which, indeed, she had intended to, when it had been a sweet but private humiliation, but...
"Our final lot of the evening, then," Clint said. "Who will give me one hundred dollars for the deed to Melissa's ass?"
As she listened to the voices call out, her price rising swiftly, and as her horror at being sold like a slave faded to a bemused fascination, she was startled by the recognition that she had never been so aroused in her life.
And by the way Jack's cock strived to burst from its cage, she guessed neither had he.
Epilogue
There are few places as public as a subway train, and few places as private. The passengers are strangers, for the most part, forced into a narrow space with one another, with no wish to forge ephemeral relationships. It's possible one or two glanced curiously at Melissa as she swayed with the curves, but the only one watching her closely was Andrew, phone aimed surreptitiously at her short skirt from behind.
She was a beautiful woman who exuded a confident sexuality, elegant and professional at work but a wilfully dirty slut in bed. Though Andrew loved his wife, he felt alive with Melissa in ways he could never imagine being with his wife. Melissa was unrestrained joy, passionate and liberated, and how she could stand being with a husband who willingly let her fuck other men was beyond his comprehension.
He watched, in love, as her hands massaged her cheeks through the skirt, her fingers sometimes snagging the hem, lifting it just enough for him to glimpse the metal clips of her garters. Her high stiletto heels and seamed stockings were delicious just in themselves, but the occasional flash of bare skin delighted him.
Sunshine burst through the windows as the train emerged from its subterranean world into the steel embrace of the bridge and a roaring clamour filled the unsteady tube. Beyond Melissa he saw the clear, blue river and sky, and between them the jagged splinters of light that marked the city - and against this backdrop, he snapped the photo.
"Let's see," she said, taking her phone back. He examined it over her shoulder. For one brief second, she had bent over, lifting her skirt and spreading her cheeks. The metal circle of the plug she wore was clearly discernible. "That will do nicely." She had just enough time to send the image before the train plunged once again into darkness.
"Who is 'Lady V'?" he asked.
"I really don't know," she said, shrugging. "But she sends my ass the loveliest presents..."