Chapter 5
I got dressed and waited on the couch for the girls to get ready. Replaying the days events in my mind I could not believe what just happened. Three 20 year old girls craving my cock. I hope they don't give me a heart attack.
All three of them were ready and my jaw dropped as they entered the living room. "Wow, you are all stunning. Let's go eat! I want to show you off."
We walked the short distance to the Boro Bar and grabbed a corner table. It was just past 5PM so we were just in time for happy hour food and drink specials.
I said, "Order whatever you want girls, this is on me."
Jessica replied, "No fucking way am I going to let you pay for us after making me cum like that. My daddy's a doctor so he can pay!" We all laughed and ordered drinks.
I said, "I think this calls for a toast. What's the shot of choice in college these days?"
Without any hesitation they all yelled, "Fireball!"
"Fireball it is then," and I asked the waitress to bring four shots and a pitcher of beer.
The waitress returned with the beer and shots. She must have known them because she looked at Mary Ann and said, "Who have we here MA? He's cute."
Mary Ann smiled and said, "This is my friend Tony. He's visiting for the day."
Jessica said, Yeah...um...visiting our pants," and all three of them giggled at her joke.
"My name is Beth Tony. I'll be taking care of you today so if there's anything you need please just ask me."
I said, "Nice to meet you Beth. What would you girls like to eat?" They all agreed to pizza and wings and Beth left to put in our order. I admired the view of her ass in her tight jeans as she went back to the kitchen.
Jessica elbowed me and said, "Earth to Tony. I know Beth is hot but you don't have to be so obvious," as she reached under the table and felt my cock through my shorts.
I said, "Sorry about that but you better leave my cock alone for now or you're not going to get a chance to eat."
I grabbed a fireball and said, "To my new friends. Looking forward to many good times." We downed the shots and poured beer from the pitcher as Mary Ann took over the conversation.
"So Mr. Stud is actually married but his wife is in Florida this week so he took the day off for our date today. I was thinking it might be fun to have him visit us for the rest of the week and he could fuck one of you every night. Of course I will be on the desert menu but you have to see what he can do when you're alone with him."
Jessica said, "Fuck your wife is the luckiest woman in the world. I hope she takes good care of you but I imagine it would be hard for one person to deal with that cock of yours."
I said, "You're right and that's one of the reasons I'm here. I love her but I need to cum multiple times a day and she can't keep up with me anymore."
Char and Jessica nodded in agreement and we finished the pitcher as our food came. I said, "More shots and beer Beth," and I once again admired the view of her ass as she went to the bar to get another round. She looked back over her shoulder and caught my gaze, giving me a wink and a smile.
When she returned Mary Ann said to her, "We're having a little intimate party at my place later Beth. When are you done?"
She said, "Actually my shift ends after happy hour at 7 so yeah that sounds like fun. I'll walk back with you if you're finished then."
"Oh I'm sure we will be," Jessica said smiling.
The girls devoured the food and we finished with another round of shots and one last pitcher.
I said, "I need to take a piss girls," and I used this as a ruse to find Beth and take care of the bill. "Jessica thought she was going to pay but there's no way I'd allow that to happen. Looking forward to the party tonight?"
"I sure am," she said. "I can't wait to get to know you better," and she ran her fingers down my arm which caused a twitch from my cock.
"Me too doll." I chuckled to myself when she brought me the check. I know college bars need to cater to students but all that beer and food only came to $30 and there was no way I was going to tip Beth six bucks. I pulled a hundred out of my wallet and said, "This is for you sweet thing."
Her eyes got really big and she said, "Oh my, thank you so much Tony," and gave me a quick kiss on the cheek.
"You are most definitely welcome doll."
I went to the bathroom and returned to the table and Jessica said, "You are a sneaky fucker aren't you. Paying the bill on the sly like that. You didn't have to do that but thank you. I guess we all owe you."
I said, "You owe me nothing. I'm just glad I was able to show you a good time and get you all loosened up a bit."
With that Jessica jumped onto my lap, gave me a kiss and whispered in my ear, "You loosened up parts of my body that I didn't know needed loosening stud."
As she sat back in her seat I noticed that every guy in the bar was staring at us. "Looks like you girls are drawing some attention. Let's slam the rest of the beer and give them a show on the way out."
Mary Ann said, "Oh you are very bad Tony but I love it! Look here comes Beth, perfect timing!"
Char said, "Hey Beth ready to blow this place?"
"Interesting choice of words but yes I'm ready to blow," she replied.
I grabbed a couple six packs for the party and with that, Mary Ann and Char put their arms around me as we headed out. Once outside Jessica nudged her way in so Mary Ann could talk to Beth as we made our way back to the apartment.
She said, "You do realize this is a special kind of party right? I wanted to make sure you were comfortable with all this before you committed."
Beth said, "If you are talking about what I think you are then yes, I'm more than ready. Judging by the bulge in his shorts this guy has some kind of cock and I haven't been fucked properly in a while. Hope he can handle me."
Mary Ann replied, "Well he just handled all three of us and I personally came more than I have in the last year so I think he can handle one more. My ass is still a little sore from the pounding he gave me this morning."
"Wait, you let him fuck you in the ass?"
"Not exactly. He didn't necessarily ask but after he made me cum eight times with his amazing cock I couldn't tell him no."
"Wait, he made you cum eight times and then fucked your ass? Didn't it hurt?"
"Hell yes it hurt like crazy but it actually made me cum again."
"No shit," Beth replied.
She told her about how we met and how I planned to help her and Beth said, "All because your car broke. You are one lucky little bitch."
"It's about time I caught a break but yeah I'm feeling especially lucky right now."
The girls were a little tipsy and stumbling down the street when I said, "You girls may want to straighten up a bit so you don't get cited. I know how the cops are out here and it would totally ruin my day if you get hauled in."
All at once they cried out, "Thank you daddy," and we quickly made a b-line to the apartment.
Chapter 6
When we got back I gave each girl a beer and put the rest in the fridge then went back to the living room and took a seat on the couch. Beth asked, "So what have you bitches been up to all day today?" They all just looked at each other and laughed.
Jessica, ever the bold one said, "I think its best if we show you. I'm too hot in these fucking clothes anyway." She stood up, took off her clothes then unzipped my shorts unleashing my huge hard on that she took into her mouth.
Beth said, "Jesus Christ look at the size of his cock! I can't believe you had that in your ass!"
Jessica said, "I did too and so did Char."
"Wait you're telling me he fucked all three of you in the ass?" Mary Ann replied, "That's what we're telling you. If I remember correctly he made Jess cum 11 times but Char only made it to 9."
"Ok enough of this shit, I need to feel this for myself." Beth stood up and took off her clothes. Her shoulder length hair was nearly black and she was shorter than Mary Ann but was a lot more curvy. Definitely not fat but her curves were in all the right places with a nice pair of C cups and another big round ass.
I said, "Holy shit does every girl in Edinboro have an amazing ass?"
Char said, "Well stud you just happened to stumble across the four hottest bitches on campus so you better be ready to fuck us all again."
Beth got on her knees, pushed Jessica aside and started sucking my cock. While Jessica used long slow strokes that reach to her throat, Beth preferred to focus on the head and go really fast. Interesting how different women approach cock sucking but I love both. Mary Ann and Char were also now naked and playing with each others pussies.
Mary Ann said, "Wow look at her go on that cock. Hope you don't cum too fast stud."
"Don't worry about me babe," I replied.
Jessica got behind Beth and started licking her pussy to get her ready for my cock. She said, "I think she's ready for you stud. Her pussy is super tight and wet and I have to see you fill her with that cock."
With that I picked Beth up, carried her to Mary Ann's room and laid her on the bed. I said, "My God you are gorgeous. I am really going to enjoy this." The other girls circled us on the bed, watching in anticipation as I got on top of Beth and eased my cock slowly into her tight pussy.
"Oh...my...God," Beth cried out. "That feels so fucking good." As I did with the rest of them I slowly withdrew my raging cock, paused briefly and then slowly shoved all the way in pausing to grind the base on her clit. "Oh fuck I love how you do that!" I pulled back out and teased her with the head until she cried, "Fuck stud, stick it back in, oh please do, please!" The other girls smiled and caressed her body while I slowly buried my cock in her pussy again.
I pulled back out and kept my cock just outside her pussy and Char said, "That shit almost made me insane today. Tease that pussy Tony and make her beg for your cock like I did."
I pushed the head into Beth's soaked pussy and pulled back out. "Fuck, please stick it in. I'll do anything you want just put your big cock in my little pussy.
Jessica said, "Watch what you say Beth or he's going to end up in your ass."
I continued to tease her and she said, "I don't fucking care where he puts it. I just need it now." Her legs were shaking so I pushed in all the way as the girls caressed her body and sucked her tits. She was ready so I pushed in farther and she grabbed my ass to grind her clit on my trapped cock.
"Oh fuck yes. God it feels so fucking good I'm fucking going to cum." She was panting and moaning and I finally let her cum. "Oh yes here it comes. Oh fuck yeah I'm cumming now! MMMMMMM!"
Her pussy juice erupted around my cock, soaking me and the other girls and they rubbed it all over her body. "My God that felt so fucking good. I never came like that before in my life.
Jessica said, "Prepare to get your mind blown Beth."
Beth lay there panting and I started to give her my g-spot treatment. I moved up higher and began to pound her with hard fast pumps of my cock. She said, "No way. Oh fuck I can't believe it but he's making me cum again. Oh yes, fuck I'm fucking cumming. MMMMMMM!" She pulled me to her and stuck her tongue in my mouth as I pounded her again. She cried out, "Oh no please, fuck not again. MMMMMMM," and squirted us again.
Char said, "Give it to her again stud," and I did indeed pound Beth's swollen clit with my cock that was still rock hard. "MMMMMMM I'm cumming. Oh fuck MMMMM." This last orgasm was a small one so I knew she was almost done so I pounded her once more. "Oh God, I can't! Oh fuck. MMMMMM!"
She came once again and I looked at the girls and said, "You heard her say I could do anything right?"
Mary Ann smiled and said, "Sure did lover. Initiate her into the harem and pound that fucking ass. Jessica and Char were busy licking their pussies so I rolled Beth over and slid the head of my cock into her ass. The feeling was amazing for me because her ass was nice and big and enveloped my cock as I stuck it in her ass.
She cried out, "Oh fuck that hurts. Please take it out." I pulled out and this time I easily slid the full length of my cock deep into her ass. "Shit you're killing me. It feels like I'm being torn apart. Fuck it hurts real bad." I began to pound her ass and she cried out with every thrust. Mary Ann stroked my cock as it went in and out of her asshole. "Oh God, I think I'm going to cum again. How can he make me cum by fucking my ass? Oh shit I'm fucking cumming! MMMMMMMM!"
I collapsed on top of her to catch my breath then rolled to the side with my cock sticking straight up to the ceiling. Beth panted, "Jesus Christ I've never been fucked like that before in my life. Do all older guys fuck like that?"
I said, "I couldn't say. Maybe I'm just special but it's pretty easy when I have four 20 year olds waiting for my cock.
Mary Ann said, "You didn't cum yet did you Tony."
"I did not. Thats the thing about drinking, it takes me forever to cum and I may not be able to at all."
Jessica said, "Well here you go stud, finish your beer because I need that cock in my pussy again."
Char said, "Yeah so do I!"
I took a slug off my beer and said, "Poor Mary Ann hasn't had my cock since noon so you girls will need to wait your turn. Hop on my cock little girl."
She said, "I thought you forgot about me but I'm glad you didn't," as she mounted my cock.
"There's no way I'll ever forget you my darling," I said as I grabbed her ass and pounded her pussy. "Come one girls, help me get this sweet thing off. She's been waiting patiently for hours." Their hands were all over her body, caressing her tits and clit. Jessica stuck a finger in her ass which made her cry out, "Oh fuck this feels so fucking good. Fuck me daddy!"
I continued to pound her pussy as she started to cum. "Fuck Tony I'm going to cum already!" She lifted her pussy from my cock and Char felt her clit as she sprayed cum all over me.
"Cum on my face baby! I need to swallow that sweet pussy juice." She moved up and covered my face with her cum and I eagerly swallowed.
Beth said, "That was fucking amazing Mary Ann. I've never seen anyone squirt like that."
Jessica pushed her off and slid my cock between her tits then she climbed on top to fuck me. "Oh hell yes, I'm gonna make you cum you fucking stud," she said as she pounded my cock with her sweet young pussy. She leaned forward and pushed her tits in my face and said, "Suck my big tits Tony. I know you love them," and I gladly sucked hard on her nipples as the other girls stroked her entire body.
"Oh fuck that feels so fucking good. All I need now is your cum deep in my pussy." I smiled to myself because I wasn't anywhere near finished and I still had Char to deal with. Plus I wanted to cum at my own pace and on my own terms. Jessica fucked me with even greater urgency and her entire body was glistening with sweat from the effort. She sat straight up on top of my cock and bounced up and down its length. I admit it felt totally amazing but I was just enjoying the show.
Beth got behind her and shoved her tongue in her ass and she cried out in pleasure, "Oh damn it Beth! That feels so fucking amazing you're making my pussy cum! MMMMMMMM!"
Jessica had a shuddering orgasm that soaked me in pussy juice and then collapsed on top of me. She said, "What the hell do I have to do to get you off stud?"
"Don't worry about that right now babe. It's probably best because your friend Char would have been really pissed at you."
With that Char shoved her off my cock and mounted me. She said, "I am so fucking horny right now I'm probably going to cum immediately." She sat on my cock as Mary Ann sucked her tits and Beth stuck her tongue in her ass. "Damn it, I'm ready to cum all ready but I want to last longer!" She changed to long slow movements on my cock and each time the length of my cock was inside her she ground her clit on the base. She kept getting close and then pulled back to prolong her pleasure. Then as she took the length of my cock again I lifted my ass off the bed and pounded her deep and hard. "Oh you sneaky fucker. I'm fucking cumming right now. Oh it feels so good on my little pussy I think I'm going to squirt like Mary Ann! MMMMMM!"
She removed my cock from her pussy and rubbed her clit as she started to spray me with cum. "Fuck yeah, drown in my pussy juice stud. Yes, Yes, Yes! MMMMM!"
She collapsed on top of me and all four girls surrounded me in contented pleasure.
Mary Ann asked, "OK daddy, what is it that you want from us? How can we get you off?"
I said, "I think you know the answer to that question little girl." I got up and arranged all four girls so they were bent over the side of the bed and stroked my cock while I admired their asses. "MMMM, four gorgeous asses for me to do with what I want." They were all soaked from cumming so I rubbed my cock on each one of their asses. "Fuck your asses feel so fucking good on my dick." I spent additional time on Beth because her big ass engulfed my entire cock. After I had enough of grinding their asses I said, "OK girls, sit on the bed and suck my cock." Although my cock was harder than it ever was all four of them couldn't suck me at the same time so Beth stuck her tongue in my ass while Mary Ann took my balls in her mouth. That left Jessica and Char to suck my cock and jack me off. "This feels so fucking good. Suck that cock girls. It was Jessica who finally did the trick as she sucked my dick really hard and fast, shoving it down her throat every time. "Oh my God Jessica, that's it. Keep doing that to my cock, it feels so fucking good." I grabbed the sides of her head and started pounding her face with my cock until I could finally feel the cum start to build from the deep recesses of my balls.
"Oh fuck Jess, you are going to get what you wanted. Get ready for my cum." I had all of them sit on the bed again as I jacked myself off. "Watch me jack off to your hot young bodies. I can't believe how hot you all are!" Each one of them encouraged me with some dirty talk and I started to cum. "Fuck here it cums! Get ready...MMMMMMM!"
It must have been the effort I spent fucking each of the girls but my cock erupted with huge waves of cum. Each girl dutifully sat with her mouth open and by the time I was done they had my cum in their hair, all over their faces and tits.
Since this was the first time Beth saw me cum she was the first to speak, "My God, I've never seen a guy cum like that before. How many times did you cum today Tony?"
"To be honest I lost track," I said.
Mary Ann spoke up and said, "I think that was number 10 Beth but it could have been more."
All she could say in return was, "Wow."
Mary Ann went to the fridge and got everyone another ice cold beer. She handed me one and I emptied the can. "I'll take another Mary Ann. You girls made me build up quite a thirst." She got me another and the five of us sat up in Mary Ann's cum soaked bed and sipped our beers. Each girl went over the highlights of their day and I asked each one what they liked best. Without hesitation they all said the g-spot trick that made them cum over and over again was bar far the best but how I then fucked their ass and made them cum once more was the most painful but amazing thing they ever did.
Listening to them talk about how I fucked them and looking at their young bodies made my cock begin to get hard again.
"There he goes again girls," Jessica said. "I think we owe Tony another orgasm no matter how long it takes." They all nodded in agreement so I laid back and let myself be kissed, fondled and sucked by these amazing girls. For the next hour I had four college students sucking my cock, caressing every inch of my body, taking my balls in their mouths and licking my asshole. I sat back and enjoyed how eager they were to make me cum. When I was finally ready I said, "Oh God girls, I'm going to cum and I want Mary Ann to do the final honors and jack me off."
"Get out of my way girls," she said as she grabbed my cock and jacked me off furiously.
I said, "Oh fuck Mary Ann I love the way you jack me off. Oh yes, just like that. Faster now, jack me off as hard as you can."
Sweat dripped off her body as she jacked off my massive cock until I started to cum. I was on my back as stream after stream of my cum shot at least four feet into the air and I cried out, "Oh fuck I'm cumming so hard! MMMMMM!" My entire body shook with pleasure as I was finally spent.
All four girls immediately collapsed around me and within minutes we all fell into a deep, satisfied sleep.