After Monday's intensity the remainder of the week stayed normal. So far she hadn't gotten in any trouble. Her troop of young men were keeping their word about not bragging and creating problems. Regardless, she knew it would catch up to her at some point.
The last couple days she distanced herself from Ryan other than razzing him in Morrison's class. The other guys understood her hesitance of doing things daily. Not to mention her concerns over the age of those students she would engage anything with. The word was out of only 18 years of age would get her attention. She let them all know more was coming if her wishes were followed. It just needed to be paced out so she felt encouraged that she wouldn't be busted.
Come Friday night Monica socialized with her parents until they got ready to head out of town. Their adventure leading them to a dinner party some fifty miles away. Once they were gone Monica hit the shower and came out smelling like roses. The perfumed soap helped.
Prowling about naked as she always did she made certain all of the curtains were wide open and the lights were bright.
In her bedroom she raises her window and screen to lean out. Looking over at Ryan's house she knew he was at work. Her gaze led up at Brock's bedroom window. She expected Ryan's dad to be there waiting. Watching. Not this time.
Pouting she starts to retreat inside when she hears, "I'm not always in my bedroom spying. Sometimes I'm just outside your window."
She screams then laughs while looking down below her window at her yard.
"Don't do that. You nearly scared my clothes back on."
"Wouldn't want that. Sorry if this looks creepy. I forgot I left the backyard sprinkler on. Valves on the side of the house."
"Lies! Lies! Lies! You were window peeking." She teases.
"Not intentionally. I figured the night was young." Brock smirks.
She pinches her nipples taunt, "Isn't this so much nicer that we can bond without the restriction of faking our perversions?"
"Just glad my boys aren't home. Ryan's working and Kyle headed back to college. I don't think they would understand this."
She fidgets realizing that Ryan couldn't know what his Father was seeing.
"Do they know you watch me?"
"Doubt it. I know they've watched you before though. Busted Kyle with his pants down once from his room next to mine. Ryan I'm not sure."
She remained silent about letting him know the truth.
"So, what do you plan on doing tonight?" As if he didn't know her routine.
She leans on her forearms, "To do things I haven't done before. Now that we know that we both see one another I think we should at the very least be more open about it."
"As wrong as this might be at our ages I'm certainly not going to turn down anything."
"Age is just a number. I'm 18. You're Ancient." She laughs, "Let's just decide on boundaries. Sex is totally off the table. I just want to tease you and watch you get off. I'll do the same. Can we agree on that?"
Puckering he nods, "I can live with that. My place or yours?"
Without another word Monica steps back then crawls through her window to sit on the sill. Facing Brock below she hisses, "Catch me."
Her body falls into his waiting hands. Her weight held against him she intentionally plants her busty tit's in his face. Smothered he huffs, "You smell nice."
As he eases her to the grass she stares up at him, his hands still on her waist.
"Sweet Hazeus! You are freaking gorgeous."
She swirls in step to let him take her whole body in under the dim lighting of her room casting down at them.
"Big hands Mister." She places them back on her waist.
He grew tongue tied suddenly. Her eyes were stunning looking up at him with so much vigor.
"So, my place I take it?" He nods toward it.
"I've never been inside your house before."
"Guess not. We should be careful. Nosey neighbors all around. Ole Butch over there knows you exist too. Kramer out back is working on his car in the garage."
"Let them see. I'm not afraid."
"Of course not." He chuckles, "Front door it is."
She folds her arm around his and hugs his side as they step into the front yard. He had his porch light on which illuminated all the way to the curb. Not to mention his sidewalk had tiny lanterns strewn from the curb to the steps.
A car was easing up their street toward them. Brock grew cautious.
"We better go inside."
"Don't be in such a hurry. Live a little." She dances while holding his hand.
"What if it's my son? Or, your folks?"
She frowns, "Do they drive trucks?"
"No. Fine! Have it your way."
"Follow me."
She leads him to the curb and then turns to face the street. Taking his hands she brings them around her and cups them over her breasts. He lays his chin on top of her head and enjoys the scent of her hair.
The truck slows as the headlights capture them. The drive by made him swallow hard. She merely flutters her fingers at the inhabitants of the vehicle. A tooted horn greets them then casually moves on.
"See? That wasn't so hard." Her ass rubs back against his crotch, "But that is."
"Ready to go inside now?"
"Only if you carry me." She giggles turning to pat his chest.
He swiftly cradles her in his arms and makes the journey up his porch. She opens the door for him and they go inside. Her toes kick the door shut.
"Take me to your bedroom. I want to see where you spy on me."
Huffing he maneuvers up his staircase and into his bedroom. It was neater than she imagined. Reaching his window he lowers her to her feet. Leaning on him she looks down into her bedroom directly at the bed he watches her masturbate in.
"Perfect view. So sexy." She giggles.
"That it is. That you are."
She twirls to face him and teases his chest through his t-shirt with clawing fingernails.
"You used to videotape me. I want to see myself in action from your point of view."
"Funny you should ask. Ever since last Friday I've been watching them a lot. I made a DVD collage." He steps to his bedside table to retrieve remotes. Television on followed by DVD player he starts the movie.
Behind him Monica dives into his bed and stretches out with her head in her hand.
"Get comfy. Let's watch."
Brock moves to his favored side of the bed and kicks his plow shoes off. His t-shirt removed he sprawls out on his back leaning against the head board.
The room was dark except for the television and a tiny nightlight plugged into an outlet.
The video consisted of his vantage point directly into her bedroom. Obviously she was too far from his camera to be heard but he could be.
"You were breathing heavy." She sighs.
"Jacking off."
"I can tell. The camera isn't steady."
She hears him ejaculating noisily. Swear words define his pleasure. He compliments her by calling her a little whore slut in the background. Telling her to play with that sweet little pussy.
"Awww! Such beautiful compliments."
She hears him grunt behind the video footage saying, "Some day when she's old enough I'm going to fuck that little cunt."
"Whoa! Slow down there Buddy." She sits up supported on one hand to glare over at him.
"It was a private moment. Give me a break." He frowns.
She begins laughing at his stress. Settling back she eyes his crotch while he checked out the continuing video. Further comments continued his reign of mental domination over her. Each tidbit of video made his cock swell right before her carefully spying eyes.
"That's about it. Guess I don't need to record more. Now that you freely let me watch." He boasts.
"You could record us now." She hints with flirtatious eyes.
"Wow! We can do that if you're serious."
"Set up. Let's make a mild porno."
He leaps up and sifts in his closet for a tripod and gets his camera out of it's bag. A fresh battery entered he preps the camcorder on his bed. She was already massaging her clit as he started recording.
"Brock? You make me so wet. I can't help myself. Let me play with my sweet little pussy for you." She acts out.
He stands back and watches her vigorously massage her clit until she arches her back. Her legs part wider for a better view. Fingers insert and exit rapidly. With each insertion she moans and reaches a yearning hand toward Brock.
"I know you want to fuck me Brock. Come lay with me."
He darts around his bed and drops in to lay next to her. As he positions himself better she snuggles up under his arm. His eyes favor watching her fingers disappear and reappear.
In her erotic posturing she exhales toward him while staring into his eyes.
"You make me so wet. Can't you hear it?"
"Yeah. I do." He huffs.
Monica snuggles even closer at an angle to press her tits in his direction. He takes the risk of squeezing her breast. She whines her pleasure like a true porn star.
"That feels nice, Brock. Don't stop."
Her eyes locking on to his made him ready to explode in his pants. She was acting yet it seemed so sincere. Was it? He wasn't quite sure.
With a deep breath he takes another risk and repositions yet again to raise her nipple into his awaiting mouth. Sucking on it made her coo. Her fingers still digging for gold.
"Oh Brock. More."
Her fingers removed she trails her wetness across his jeans to massage his crotch. It was alive beneath the denim.
As her fingers probe his girth his own hand reaches in to unfasten his pants. Her fingers pinch the zipper and drag it down its track. Abandoning her nipple he was forced to battle his pants off of his legs. Kicking them off on to the floor he devoted his attention to removing his boxers. Finally naked he settles back to resume snuggling with Monica.
Her fingers taunt his thigh as he grips his erection.
"Goddamn you're sexy."
"Cum for me Brock." She spider steps her fingers through his pubic region.
"Cum with me, Beautiful."
"Your cock is perfect. I love how it curves up." She exhales on his chest.
"Touch it." He pleads with a certain gruffness.
Again more than planned Monica chooses to comply. Trembling she trails her index finger up and down his foreskin, pinching the crown and delicately tickling his scrotum. It was hot and pulsing beneath her finger.
His own hand reaches over her and locates her pussy. Brocks fingers enter her scalding juices, forcing her to gasp. It felt wonderful. For once it wasn't her own fingers.
"Shit, Brock." She hisses and cuddles against him tighter.
"Stroke my cock." He whispers as she looks up into his eyes with trembling hesitation.
Whimpering she agrees and wraps her fingers around his thick girth. She then begins rubbing his length slowly at first. As his fingers frolicked so did hers.
"Make me cum Brock." She tenses up at his knuckling assault.
"Please kiss my dick." He kisses her on the forehead.
"No sex." She whispers.
"Please, Monica." He moans.
Biting her lower lip she creeps forward and manages the right angle to succulently kiss his crown. Her lips went so far as to mold around its mushroom shape and audibly suckle it.
The reaction made her realize how much he adored her.
His available hand caresses her cheek lovingly as her eyes dance toward his. She began quaking at his other hands digging. Yelping suddenly she claws at his thighs. Her orgasm crept up on her and made her cry out.
He removes his drenched fingers and places them between her lips. Her juices tantalize her tongue.
Monica gathered her thoughts and returned her focus toward Brock's throbbing cock.
"Kiss it again." He whispers.
With a low pitch whine she rolls closer and forgets the word kiss. She swallows his cock whole and feeds on it like a starving child. His hand palms the back of her head as he watches her move up and down on his shaft.
"That's the fantasy I craved. Even when you were sixteen I imagined this. Calling me "Daddy"."
He bites his tongue at how awful he sounded. He was just glad she grew up. The past was the past.
She hears his ramblings and dramatically eyes his camera. Although she was once again overstepping her boundaries she felt sorry for Brock suddenly. Giving this her best emotions she devoured his cock for three more minutes before a puckered release that made her recite, "I love the taste of your cock, Daddy."
Her tender childlike voice made him melt.
Growling he rolls her over with her head facing the camcorder and follows her. Moving low his tongue laps at her clit. She laid there moaning at the top of her lungs. His tongue digging within her, along side a probing pair of fingers.
"Oh, Daddy. Don't stop."
She convulsed quickly and gushed all over his chin.
In her trembling state Brock moved up to his knees between her legs and towered over her. He gripped her ankles and pried her legs wide. Eying his cock and her pussy he was torn. Take it? Or, retreat to his hand.
"Someday I'm going to fuck this cunt." He stares at her without expression.
Her eyes watering she raises her hands toward him with a pleading gaze.
"Please Brock."
He chooses to rub his crown along her labia. In her imprisoned mobility he could easily claim her. As he taunts her she challenges herself to accept her fate. She brought this on. She knew the risk. Her heart sank but her soul smiled.
"Just a taste." He carefully enters her as she arches her spine and digs her nails into his bed sheets.
"Fuck that feels good." She whimpers.
"Sure does." He grimaces and pulls out of her and leans to hover over her on his arms now planted to each side of her shoulders.
Her legs released, she caresses her toes up and down his legs.
"Finish for me Daddy." She whispers.
He sighs, "Let me fuck you."
Her eyes stare hard at his yearning gaze. In response Monica lowers her hand between them and finds his cock. She guides it into her pussy and pulls him closer.
"Make me scream, Daddy."
Snarling he rammed inside her and thrust like a madman. She yelped, moaned, whimpered, pleaded, wept at every sensation. He was by far the best she had ever had.
Detonation filled her insides making her scratch his back at the explosion within.
Before she could think he pulled her up with his dick still inside her and slowly left his bed. He carried her into his son Kyle's room and fucked her in his bed. Ten minutes later he fucked her in Ryan's bed.
Balls of sweat she left a cum stain on Ryan's comforter. She would giggle if he didn't notice it.
Final withdrawal Brock nestled in to kiss her on the lips.
"That was worth the wait. We should do this more often."
She presses her lips tightly then caresses his unshaven cheek, "Brock? Daddy? I never wanted it to go this far. It was awesome. I loved it. I adore you. I only wanted to tease you. Can we just keep this a friendly inspiration next time? I want to keep you happy Brock. But, on terms of no sex. Just masturbation. Striptease kind of thing."
He nods and puckers in thought, "I want you to keep me happy. Blowjob every now and then?"
"Settle for a hand job?" She fidgets playfully.
"Kiss him once in awhile?"
She laughs and entwines his neck with her arms as her eyes dart between his eyes and her thighs, "Only if you kiss her once in awhile."
"Deal."
"Good. I have another request." She charms him.
"What?"
"I need an adult point of view. I want to be wilder out in public."
"Strip for everyone to see?"
Her eyes bulge wide, "YESSSSSSSSS! I crave it Daddy."
"Just exhibition?"
"Anything else gets me into trouble." She laughs.
"So, no touching?"
"I can handle a little. I just don't want things so out of hand I get raped."
"Like where? Exhibition that is."
"Adult places. I don't know really. That's why I'm asking you to be my guardian angel."
"Lot's of people?"
"Yes."
"I know a few bars you might be able to express yourself in. Only thing is the drinking age is 21. You're 18."
"16 in your fantasies." She sticks her tongue out at him.
"I might be able to talk some bartenders into special shows. After hours. They might have stipulations though."
"Such as?"
"Things you're set against."
"Sex?"
"Probably."
"UGGGGH! Why can't guys just take what I offer?"
"In your case you're stripper quality."
"Stripper yes. Hooker no."
"So, the bar's are out then."
She rolls her eyes, "Promise I won't get raped?"
"Not raped. But, I'd expect to offer a little more than skin for eyes."
"Never leave my side and fight for my safety?"
"I can agree to never leave your side. Too many angry dudes I'll lose a fight."
"I'm not scared. Set something up for next Friday night."
"I'll see what I can do."
She groans, "And, I'll see what I can do."
"Meaning?"
"Shut up and fuck me one last time, Daddy."
"Won't be the last." He forcefully plants his forehead on hers to command her eye contact.
Shivering Monica fucked him for another two hours.
Brock had ideas.
Devious ideas.