"For Lisa"
I cheated on my (now ex) wife many times over the years due to a range of reasons. At about 23 I wasn't having a good time at home with my soon to be wife. We had a baby coming and I was depressed. I didn't want to be with her and I didn't want a baby with her. I felt trapped. This is the second story in a series of my sexual adventures as a young man.
My two friends, Mark and Dan decided to take a day trip from the city. Just us, to our home region and do some reminiscing. To get me away from the place for the day and hang out with old friends. We all came from the region but from different towns so we had our own swimming holes that we went to, our own beaches and a range of other offerings that we decided to show each other.
It was a great day out, visiting smaller climbing mountains from Dan's area, farms I visited as a child from my area and as the day progressed we moved into Mark's region. Mark's region from when he was a child was a mountainous one and a thing that he remembered all his life was the "hippy commune" that was being built near his house at the time. We decided to check out the commune.
We drove through beautiful mountain areas, across streams, tall timbers and eventually after many a wrong turn, arrived at the place. To all our surprises and particularly to Mark, it was no hippy commune at all but a fully fledged Buddhist retreat. The scale of the place was astounding. It had a full set of gardens, kitchens for the monks (who walked around in their orange robes), guest quarters for the helpers who wanted to stay there and even a massive bell that they would hit with an immense wooden log attached to a rope at prayer time. The Dali Llama even visits the place when in the country. We were impressed.
Mocking Mark's distorted childhood memories of the place being full of hippies we cracked a beer each in the car, chugged it down and went for a wander. It was a good time and interesting in its own way but there's only so much culture three young guys in their early twenties can take in and besides, more beer was waiting in the car.
We arrived at the car and start it up. As we start to drive off we see a stunning blonde lady just walking up the road to the retreat. Totally alone, blonde with a youthful walk she demanded all our attentions immediately.
It seemed a dream, why would this girl be out here and all alone? We were young and ballsy so we pulled up and said introduced ourselves. Expecting to be blown off by this beauty she was incredibly interactive from the start. She asked what we're doing, why we were at the retreat? Her name was Lisa, she was from Canada and a good conversation was struck up. It turned out she'd volunteered to do some time at the retreat in exchange for meals and was being shown the way of Bhuddism as part of the deal. Lisa had enjoyed it but was also in her early 20s and was excited to see some action drive past her accommodation (us!).
We told Lisa we were off to try and find Mark's local childhood waterfall where he used to swim. We didn't even have to invite her, she jumped at hearing this and asked if she could come. This is one of those once in a lifetime moments. Young ladies did not just ask guys like us from our limited experience and we waited excitedly for her to grab her things. Obviously in retrospect Lisa was bored of being good and meditative at the retreat and wanted to party. The party was us, talk about timing.
Off we headed, winding through roads, all of us laughing with Lisa joining us in drinking beer. This was great stuff, spirits were high and we were having an adventure. Eventually we arrive at a good sized lake where Mark decides is the place the waterfall must be. We grab some traveller beers and all head towards a dried up creek area just uphill from the lake in search of the waterfall.
We walked some distance, with all of us taking turns trying to flirt with Lisa. Eventually, as time dragged on and we dodged bushes and thickets I ended up with lisa by my side and we chatted about this and that. I was enjoying her company whilst Dan and Mark broke branches ahead of us, forging a new path. The path had started to disappear and we were starting to struggle to keep up with it. We were getting into dense scrub when all of a sudden Lisa froze. A look of absolute panic came over her face and she said to me quietly yet with the firmness of fear that she wanted to leave... now!
I didn't understand for a second then it dawned on me. Lisa had walked into a deep forest where there was no track with 3 guys she didn't even know. We were so far from anywhere that if we were bad guys, we could have hurt her. As soon as the penny dropped I agreed with her instantly, said it was fine and that we should go now. I immediately started back the way we'd came with Lisa and yelled to the guys that we were over the hunt and heading back to the car.
We heard Mark moan behind us but Dan was keen to call it quits and it only took them about 10 seconds to follow. Lisa relaxed within a minute or so of heading back as she could now see we were good guys but was still a little shaken.
Over the period of the return trip her confidence grew again. Lisa could see that although she'd potentially put herself in a bad situation, we were not dangerous.
By the time we got back to the lake it was about 3pm and we were all laughing again though weary. We were hot, sticky and sweaty, covered in small scratches and needed a swim. None of us had brought our swimmers but we all needed a clean up. With a good few beers under our belt someone declared a skinny dip. We looked at Lisa for approval which to our surprise she almost gave. She wanted to but was a little hesitant. Well, that was enough for three young men and our clothes were off. Within seconds we were in the water naked, all of us except Lisa.
"Come on in!" we shouted to her. "The water's amazing". We chided in jest and let her know how cool and fresh it was.
"I'll do it." Lisa finally conceded. "Only if you all turn around whilst I get in."
We agreed unanimously and immediately and talked with each other whilst facing the other way. I was feeling tipsy and bold and felt I had Lisa's trust. Once I heard her footsteps splashing in I turned slowly and took in her beauty. At about 22 she was fit, yet curvaceous. She was giggling to herself at the madness she was partaking in. With Canadian upbringing, accent and mannerism but German genetics she was stunning to watch tip toeing into the lake. Lisa saw me and burst out laughing in panic and embarrassment. I laughed with her cheekily and she took three quick steps through the deepening water and plunged towards us to hide her nudity.
When Lisa came up, her long blonde hair was wet and clung to her back. She gave me a wicked grin and splashed water at me. We all laughed and started to swim into deeper water.
A few meters out was enough. The water got colder fast but it was refreshing and we were all enjoying the change after the walk. Despite the chit chat and laughter we were all conscious that just under the water we were all as naked as each other. The cold water washed around my growing cock as I treaded water talking with Lisa and the guys. Cold water makes any guy shrink in normal situations but with a naked young lady just in front of you, shrinking is not a concern.
Within minutes I found myself with a raging hard on. My pulsing cock washing through the cool water left and right. The pleasure was real and exhilarating. I knew the other guys must have been experiencing the same feeling as they had the identical excited look on their faces. Three young men with hard cocks just inches away from a young, Canadian beauty. I guessed Lisa was also just as aroused by her playful manner and it was driving the group to a delightful level of madness.
It didn't take long before we all started to swim about more as we talked. Lisa was getting more relaxed and didn't seem to mind if her breasts exited the water as she laid back and viewed the sky. Then at one beautiful point Lisa dived her head under the water by rolling forward in a half summersault, slowly lifting her ass out as she rolled. We were all caught in the slow motion moment of her glistening and round cheeks rolling out of the water, with a tiny glimpse of pussy as she finished her maneuver. That was it, the line was crossed. Lisa was horny, she was showing us what she had and there was no need to interprit any further.
Still, we were young and not so skilled in wooing women at the time. The swimming continued. The flirting increased. My cock stayed hard throughout.
First it was Mark who tried his luck with Lisa. Swimming closely, talking and really flirting it up. She laughed, had fun and so Dan and I retreated, feeling as though we'd lost her to Mark. After some time though, Lisa swam away from Mark and came over to us. Energies were lifted and Dan and I both started flirting with her again.
Before long, Dan took the lead and started to swim deeper. He asked who wanted to come with him and Lisa jumped at his request. She paddled out with Dan quickly and they exploded into a spontaneous, short swimming race. Naked, young and free Lisa and Dan paddled hard out into the deeper water. Feeling like I'd definitely lost out I left them go and chatted with Mark. We decided Dan got the girl so we started to consider finishing up and leaving them to it.
Eventually we did just that. Mark and I exited the water, naked and refreshed. I had lost my hard erection but was still semi erect and my cock looked impressive, swollen and protruding slightly at an angle. I could see Marks was the same. He had a massive cock compared to myself though and I'd had no idea how large he was until now. Still semi erect and slightly pulsing from his arousal this guy made me look small despite how proud I'd just felt of my size a few seconds earlier. Where my cock is a good length his had length and some impressive thickness and he was happy to show it off around me. I had no idea at the time of Dan's cock size compared to Mark's and myself, but to me it felt like Lisa had missed an opportunity by choosing anyone else but Mark with a cock like his.
As we dried off, to our surprise Dan and Lisa paddled back to shore. Dan had struck out! He didn't get Lisa. Perhaps our exit from the water encouraged them back prematurely and we ruined his chances with our action. Whatever it was it encouraged me. I only had a shirt on at this point and no shorts. Mark had already fully dressed earlier as he saw them getting closer. I decided to keep my shorts off and try my luck, so I grabbed another couple of beers and started passing them around. I passed one to Lisa first and one to Dan as they hopped out naked.
Lisa was more relaxed on exiting the water than when we went in. We didn't gawk at her, simply pretended she wasn't naked and chatted amongst ourselves. As we had no towels we discussed water temperature and how our scratches felt after a swim. All whilst everyone air dried and toweled down with their clothes to help dry a little.
Mark declared it was getting darker and he was going to go to the car and get some more beer. Mark headed off and a few seconds of uncomfortable silence Dan said he'd go with him. Just like that I was alone with Lisa. I couldn't believe my luck! I still only had a shirt on air drying myself with my semi erect cock on full display. It was now growing larger, lifting out at a 45 degree angle directly towards her sculptured legs. She was naked but had her shirt held up to herself in modesty, covering her breasts as she dried off.
We looked at each other, aware now of our privacy, nakedness and what I hoped was to be our opportunity. My cock started to swell, pulsing and bouncing slightly with each heartbeat. She looked straight at it growing and thickening and in a wanton voice sounded out a simple "mmmmmmm yummm".
That was all the encouragement either of us needed. We walked towards each other and Lisa reached straight for my cock as we kissed. We got lost in the excitement of the moment. Lisa stroked me gently all the whilst, feeling me swell in her hands, gauging my size. I was hard quickly and my cock become fully erect between her legs.
My hands were on Lisa's ass, her back, kissing her. Gently holding her neck with one hand and her ass with my other. We both slowly and rhythmically rubbed each other mutually with my cock and her pussy. Like fucking but without penetration. My cock sliding between her cunt's outer lips. Back and forward as her warm juices started to coat up and down my shaft.
Not much turns me on more than a girl that's truly excited for sex. Lisa's cunt was already swollen from swimming in the water with three naked men. Her juices were flowing onto me freely within seconds. I was in heaven feeling my cock tease her lips and cunt.
We threw our clothes in a pile on some grass under a tree and she sat on them and beckoned me. I squatted between her legs and parted them.
"You can't put yourself in me." Lisa said worriedly. "I don't want a baby. I'm too young to get pregnant and I don't have a condom."
"I don't have one either" I replied in frustration. "Also there's STI's around, so we shouldn't I guess".
She unhappily agreed with my comment. I was as gutted as her but we were horny and still deep in embrace.
"What if I continue rubbing my cock over your pussy lips, like this?" I asked as I parted her lips with my cock gently.
Would you like it?" I asked, staring in her eyes as I started to slowly continue our rubbing foreplay.
She smiled and pulled me close, kissing me hard.
I wrapped my hand around my shaft and pushed harder against her pussy, parting her lips further and freely slipping over her dripping little hole in a way that the head of my cock would almost slip in her but not quite. It would "flick" out before actually sliding into her. She gasped in desperation. She wanted it badly, I wanted it badly. We were treading dangerous waters getting this close.
I did this a few more times. Each time getting bolder and hovering the head of my cock a little longer and sliding it a little deeper. Then eventually, as my cock slid over Lisa's wanting pussy, she anticipated what was coming and changed her angle so I slid partly inside her. The immense pleasure, the buildup, the tease. I stopped as I said I wouldn't fuck her, though I wanted to push deep inside her and fill every inch of her.
We both couldn't handle it. Lisa pushed me back so as to avoid further temptation. The head of my cock slipped out of her and I rolled gently onto my back. She crawled forward like a wild animal on all fours and engulfed my cock in her mouth in one motion.
"So this is how it was going to be." I thought.
"No penetration but oral is ok."
I slowly lifted Lisa's beautiful face off my crotch and told her to turn around. A little confused she complied. She stood and turned around a little awkwardly. Then as I pulled her ass back towards my face Lisa understood and immediately found her position.
Lisa squatted over my face, reverse cowgirl style and my mouth filled with her juices straight away as I kissed deeply into her pussy. She in return began sucking my cock again. Here we were like wild creatures on the side of the lake at sunset. My tongue fucking her pussy in deep rhythmic thrusts. Every now and then flicking my tongue over her little ass hole then back into her cunt. Lisa taking me in her mouth as though she were deeply in love with me. It was something I'll never forget. Lisa sucked my cock as though she loved me, deep and slowly with passion. I had a knowing that she needed cock inside her. It was almost spiritual. Lisa needed my cock and worshipped it at that moment as I worshipped her pussy. If we couldn't fuck, then we'd get all we could from this moment of extacy.
Soon the mosquitoes started to arrive with the coming sunset. I saw a couple land on her ass. I took my tongue out of her pussy lips and declared "Mosquitoes!".
I smacked them off her meaty little ass. Lisa didn't say a word, rather she took me deeper in her mouth. I was getting close to coming and that nearly ended me.
More started to land and I took the hint. I slapped Lisa's ass with my hands, then taking a handful of womanly cheek, pulled at her ass as I opened her with each hand. I smacked Lisa's rump again. Small ripples spread quickly over her muscular young ass as I spanked her. Lisa moaned and started fast, deep thrusts on my cock. I couldn't handle it, I was going to lose control.
"I'm going to cum if you keep going" I warned her. Lisa wouldn't stop. I think she couldn't stop. She was lost in passion. I warned her again and she went deeper still, nuzzling down as deep as she could go.
That was the signal, loud and clear. My cock stiffened to the point of what must have felt incredibly hard to her soft lips. Harder and harder I tensed uncontrollably as my head went faint, then the first pulse released into her eager mouth.
I've always felt guilty coming into a girl's mouth for some reason but not this day. Lisa loved what was happening and it was clear. I unloaded every bit I had between Lisa's sweet lips and she patiently waited for me to finish, moaning in empathy of the pleasure she knew I was experiencing. Stroking me, sucking me and taking every bit of cum she could squeeze out of me.
I laid my head back and gently ran my hand over Lisa's young, curvy ass as it arched into the air. As much to rub where she'd been bitten by the mosquitoes as to appreciate the view in front of me.
If anyone had been watching, they would have been lucky enough to indulge in what I was looking at. Gazing up between those fit legs, Lisa's ass curved and stretched. Her pussy was deep pink, swollen and open to the air around us.
Lisa was a genetic bombshell. I silently willed for her to stay so I could stare at that glorious pussy all evening and taste it again and again. As she got up I watched that young, warm and wet pleasure vessel for the last time. She spun around and offered me a hand to get up.
We dressed and I half apologised that I was sorry I hadn't made her cum.
"Are you kidding?!" Lisa exclaimed. "I came what? Four times!"
Then leaning into me "It was amazing" she whispered confidently.
I was taken aback. I knew she was incredibly wet and swollen and I'd drank lots of her juices but was still too inexperienced to realise the signs of multiple orgasms. Lost in my own approaching orgasm and trying to hold back from coming I'd not even realised Lisa had, enjoyed one orgasm, let alone four.
I never told my friends as I felt they'd say it was fantasy but it happened and to this day I still haven't come across a woman who has achieved such a feat with oral sex alone. It's always stuck with me as something special. No wonder she was so eager to return the favor and bring me to orgasm the amazing way she did. Lisa knew herself well and how to get what she needed.
We kissed, cuddled and laughed and made our way back to the car. When we arrived only Mark was there, not Dan.
"Where's Dan" I asked him.
"Isn't he with you guys?"
"No we thought he was with you?"
We all looked around and were about to start calling when Dan came out of the tree line, just up from where we had been. I looked at Lisa and she at me. We both knew where he had been and what he'd been watching.
I looked at her apologetically and she simply shrugged and smiled with a "what can you do about it" look on her face. With Lisa grinning cheekily, still flushed and content we all piled in the car. Dan was looking flustered himself from what he'd been watching. I also guessed from his own orgasm.
We drove Lisa back to the Bhuddist retreat, said our farewells and parted ways. She was happy with that. She'd had a great afternoon and wasn't chasing anything emotionally long term. Despite this I was amazed at the emotion she got out of and put into love making. That's how it felt when with her, like love making, not just sex.
A few years later as the internet became a thing I tried to find Lisa. I never did though and no doubt she's married with children now. She probably has a different last name also, making her impossible to find. I hope Lisa is happy and I hope she thinks back from time to time of her afternoon of naughty fun, skinny dipping and love making at a lake in the Australian hills. Who knows? Maybe she'll even read this story and smile, knowing it's dedicated to her.