"You know what," said Olivia. "I think I'll go for a run."
"You will?" her husband Mark replied with a wince.
She rolled her eyes. He was really milking this whole vasectomy thing. The doctor had said he should be good to go within a week. Well, it was now a week later, and her husband was still claiming he was out of action. She'd never thought of herself as someone with a particularly high libido, but without a sexual outlet, she was finding herself with a surprising abundance of sexual energy. Hence the run idea.
"Yep." She already had all the necessary gear, having a number of times in the past started the Couch to 5K programme in a bid to lose a bit of weight. She had never finished it, however, always losing motivation as soon as she was happy with how her body looked. Of course that inevitably resulted in her slowly gaining weight again, at which point the cycle would start anew.
"Think you'll stick with it this time?" Mark asked.
"What's that supposed to mean? You don't think I can do it?"
"That's not what I said. But maybe that is what I think." He was having fun prodding at her competitive spirit. "You get bored as soon as you see some results."
"Maybe I will. But if you're not able to tire me out, I need another outlet until you are." With the kids occupying themselves, she set off towards the bedroom. Her husband followed.
Mark watched her arse in appreciation as she struggled to pull some tight leggings over her bountiful butt. That accomplished, she packed her generous tits into a sports bra and threw on a t-shirt over the top. The transformation into running mode was almost accomplished. All that remained was getting her hair out of the way. As she put her blonde hair up in a high ponytail, a rare look for her that he particularly enjoyed, he wanted nothing more than to throw her onto the bed.
Unfortunately, his pride and joy was still a little too tender for that business. It had been Liv's idea for him to get the snip. They'd decided to stop at two kids, finding them more than enough of a handful to be getting on with. For a few years, they'd accomplished that by making sure to wear a condom. But with their incomes being squeezed of late, Olivia had identified condoms as a luxury they could ill afford. So they'd opted for a more permanent solution. Mark was perfectly happy to go through with it, but the economic argument meant much less to him than finally being able to fuck his wife raw again.
"So let me get this straight. You're horny, but instead of just masturbating like a normal person, you're going out on a run?"
"Yep." She had never put much stock in masturbation. For her, sexual activity was always a two person pursuit.
Mark went silent for a moment. "You sure you're not just on the hunt for a handsome runner you can pull into the undergrowth and have your wicked way with?" he teased.
She rolled her eyes. This wasn't the first time he had made jokes about her sleeping with other men since he'd had the operation. She put it down to embarrassment about him not currently being able to perform.
"Or maybe you're hoping they'll be the ones pulling you into the undergrowth?" he continued. "I'm not sure I'd be able to resist with you looking like that"
"You're crazy if you think anybody would give me a second glance. Anyway, I think your mouth is writing cheques your cock can't cash," she laughed.
He ignored the second half of her jibe. "I'm not crazy. I guarantee you'll be having an effect on any man you run by."
"An effect?"
"Just take a look at their shorts."
She threw a pillow at him for that gross image. "Shut up and go make sure the kids haven't injured themselves."
***
Olivia was pounding the pavement. It wasn't as difficult to get back into the swing of things as she expected. She considered herself a reasonably healthy and active person, after all. Sure, she didn't do a whole lot of organised exercise, but she always seemed to be on the move doing errands, and her diet was OK-ish. She'd never wanted to be a stick-thin supermodel type anyway. As far as she was concerned, all women looked better with a bit of meat on their bones.
Regardless, this time she wasn't running to lose weight, or even to improve her fitness. She simply wanted a distraction from the sexual energy that had been building up in her this past week.
She was annoyed how her husband had planted the idea of staring at men's crotches in her head. Especially when the whole point of this run was to take her mind off that kind of thing. Now, like an intrusive thought, she couldn't help but stare when a man ran past her.
Olivia just hoped she wasn't being too obvious. She had definitely seen a few impressive outlines through running shorts. But that didn't mean they were into her. Maybe they'd passed a more attractive woman ahead of her. Perhaps the ones she'd seen could just be naturally big even when they weren't hard. Or maybe the act of running simply swung blood into a man's dick. Who knew? It wasn't like she was a penis expert.
Indeed, with them having been together from their school days, her husband's specimen was the only one she'd seen in person. She knew from chatting to girlfriends that Mark's penis could at the very most be described as average, being around five inches and not particularly thick. Not that she was complaining; it did the job for her.
She had set off without any concrete idea of her route, instead just following her legs wherever they were taking her. For a while she managed to convince herself that she was making good time. That was until a man blew past her out of nowhere. From the brief glimpse she got of him before he disappeared into the distance, he looked around the same age as her--a fact which made the discrepancy all the more embarrassing. Oh well, at least she now had a benchmark to compare herself to.
She also couldn't help but notice that he was black. Usually, that fact wouldn't even have registered with her, even though they lived in a pretty rural, sleepy, and mostly white part of England. But in her current mindstate, her immediate thought was how black guys are supposedly meant to have big cocks. If only she could have caught a glimpse of what he was packing to confirm whether that was true...
She shook her head. God, Olivia, stop thinking about penises!
***
The rest of the run went off without a hitch. She felt full of energy, strong and capable. It was almost a disappointment when she made it back to her front door. She said hi to the kids then went upstairs.
"How did it go?" her husband enquired, poking his head through the bedroom door.
"Good! I feel like it was easier than it's ever been before," she said, stripping off to get in the shower. She noticed that her husband was still looking at her expectedly.
"And?"
"And what?" she replied.
He looked around to make sure the kids weren't in earshot. "And did you make anyone hard?"
"Can you stop being ridiculous for just one second?" she asked pointedly. Unfortunately for her, her blushing face gave away the truth.
"Were they bigger than me?"
"Don't be gross."
"I'm serious!"
"Do you really want to know the answer to that question?" she warned him.
He nodded eagerly. What was wrong with him? Had the surgery accidentally severed some nerve connecting his brain and his balls and sent him doolally?
"Yes they were bigger than yours."
"What, all of them?"
"How do you know I checked out more than one?"
He just stared at her in response. She could see from his eager expression that he wouldn't be offended if she admitted the truth.
"Yes, all of them," she sighed.
She couldn't pretend to understand the male psyche, but it was obvious he was enjoying something about this conversation so she decided to throw him a bone.
"Well, one guy overtook me so I dunno about him. But he was black, so I'm guessing..."
Her husband looked flushed. He was about to say something when one of their kids shouted out to them and started running up the stairs.
"You'd better deal with that," she told him. "I'm having a shower."
***
The next morning she woke up especially horny. She was really hoping that today could be the day her husband was finally ready to jump her. So much so that she poked him awake.
Mark woke up in a daze, and was met with his wife's best bedroom eyes. Her hopes, however, were immediately dashed by a wince he gave her. She lay back on the pillow grumpily.
"Sorry babe," he told her.
"It's fine," she sighed.
"You really will have to tap up one of your big-dicked runner buddies at this rate."
She'd been waiting for him to bring this back up again.
"What is it with you and other men's penises at the moment?" she asked, turning on him.
He answered her with a question of her own. "It's just... what if we can't ever have sex again?"
She rolled her eyes. "Jeez, stop being such a drama king. It's a routine surgery, you'll be back to fucking me in no time."
"I know, I know. Just, hypothetically. What would you do?"
She paused. She really couldn't understand why he was pursuing this line of questioning. "Well, I assume in this scenario your tongue is still working?"
"You always say I have a small tongue!"
It was true. He did have a small tongue which struggled to reach anywhere useful. Meaning that having her pussy licked could only ever be foreplay. But what the hell did he want her to say? That she'd have to fuck someone else? She threw up her hands in annoyance.
"All I'm saying is that if I was out of action, permanently, I wouldn't mind you, you know, sampling a bigger dick."
She narrowed her eyes. A frisson of excitement ran through her, unbidden, which she tried to avoid examining in too much detail. "Why does it have to be bigger? Surely the same size would do?"
"Well you might as well take the opportunity for an upgrade," he laughed.
She couldn't believe they were talking about this, even if it was hypothetical. If he was trying to make some kind of point, she wasn't getting it. "Great, thanks. I'll bear it in mind," she said sarcastically. "Now can we please get out of bed?"
***
Technically, it was meant to be a rest day. But she was so amped up from their conversation that morning that she felt she didn't need it. So there she was, back out running.
Her mind wandered back to the discussion she'd had with her husband. What if something really had gone wrong with the surgery, and her husband would never be able to fuck her again? Would he really want her to sleep with someone else? Would she want to?
She realised with horror that a small, but by no means insignificant, part of her wanted that eventuality to come true. What she didn't yet understand was why. The novelty of another man? The fact it would just be so out of character for her? Or did she want to experience what a bigger dick would feel like? She was reluctant to examine these new urges too closely. Instead, she used her nervous energy to speed up.
She had been so distracted by her thoughts that she hadn't noticed the runner approaching, the same one who had sped past her yesterday. Instead of appearing behind her, this time he was running in the opposite direction.
When she noticed him, they were practically passing already. In the circumstances, there was only time to either look at his face or his crotch. She chose the latter. But what was meant to be a quick glance turned into a stare. Oh, he fit the black guy stereotype alright. She could see it, bouncing about in there, making its presence known by tenting the fabric of his shorts into different shapes.
And then he was gone, breezing past her effortlessly, leaving her feeling oddly demotivated. She couldn't quite place her finger on why. If she was honest with herself, for whatever reason, she had developed a bit of a crush on him.
And because of that, she wanted to impress him. It was ridiculous to compare herself to an obviously very fit black man, but her competitive side did at least wish she could put in a better showing for herself.
As it was, he probably hadn't even noticed her. And if he had, he would have just dismissed her as a slow, puffing white woman. Or a pervert, if her looking at his crotch hadn't been as surreptitious as she intended. She groaned. Pull yourself together Liv.
***
A few days later Olivia and Mark had the house to themselves, their kids being looked after by grandparents. The plan was to go out and do something together, but first she wanted to get a run in. After getting dressed in her running gear, she walked into the living room and was stunned to see her husband sitting on the sofa, his dick in one hand and his phone in the other.
"Oh my God," she shouted, "are you kidding me?"
Mark practically jumped out of his skin. He'd got a little too wrapped up in his porn and hadn't heard her coming in.
"I'm here waiting desperately for your dick to work again," Olivia continued, "and you're here wanking it to porn!"
"N-no, it's not what you think. I just wanted to check if everything was, you know, working."
"Really?" Olivia softened slightly. She supposed that made sense. "And is it?"
"Seems that way," said Mark sheepishly. He rose from the sofa, taking a few steps towards her. It was clear from his eyes what he wanted.
Part of her wanted to jump his bones right there and then. But she was still pissed at him.
"Nuh-uh, run first," she insisted. "And I'll be confiscating that until I'm back," she said, reaching out and taking his phone. "Don't want you unable to keep it up because you've been watching too much porn."
"Fine, fine. But why are you so eager to run right now anyway?"
She wasn't about to tell him it was because this was the time of day she'd previously encountered the mystery runner and she rather hoped she'd run into him again.
"Because I like running," she said simply, grabbing her ear buds off the shelf.
***
The weather was terrible, pouring rain leaving the trail a mess of mud. She'd need something good to listen to to help motivate her. She opened up her husband's phone to pair with her ear buds (naturally she knew his password), and was about to navigate to her usual mainstay of true crime podcasts when she realised he hadn't managed to close the website she had found him on.
"Hotwife fucks hung black stranger behind oblivious husband's back". That's what he had been watching. Her stomach lurched. Seriously? Did he actually want her to fuck another man? All the pieces fit. The black guy she had told her husband about. Him, the oblivious husband. Which left her as the "hotwife", whatever that was.
Her heart was beating fast. She didn't know what was coming over her, but she decided that this seemed as good a thing to listen to as any right now. She pressed play on the video and shoved the phone into her armband, making sure the screen was facing inwards so no one would know what filth she was listening to.
As it played, she couldn't help but giggle at the cheesy American porn acting she was listening to. The scenario was that the wife was home alone, and had invited their pool boy in for a drink. Olivia was so wrapped up in trying to understand what she was hearing that she forgot she was watching porn, something that she had always previously insisted was beneath her.
It's just learning material, she told herself, to help understand her husband. But as the video kept playing, Olivia was finding it harder and harder to claim that her interest was merely scholarly.
"Oh my god, look how big it is! Once this is done stretching me out, I'm not sure I'll even be able to feel my husband's little thing any more..."
Jesus. Why was her husband fantasising about this kind of thing? Because he was embarrassed about the size of his penis? And he thought having sex with a better endowed man would make up for it in some way?
She scoffed. Would sex with someone with a big dick even really be that different? Knowing that her husband was not exactly packing, she had always subscribed to the notion that it was all about the motion of the ocean, that how you used it was the more important factor than its size. But was that really true?
"Fuck, this big black cock is amazing. If I blow my husband, he's cumming in seconds. Then he can't even get that little white dick hard enough again to fuck me." Her words were punctuated with the sloppy sounds of the blowjob. "But I know this dick can take it. That's why you deserve a blowjob and he doesn't."
Olivia couldn't deny that she was finding this taboo scene oddly compelling. She couldn't help but imagine herself in the place of the woman in her ears. And there were no prizes for guessing whose black dick she was imagining herself sucking. Would he like her to say all those humiliating things about her husband to him? Would she?
"I need it. I need your big black cock in my tight white cunt. A-aah... Slowly, slowly..."
Olivia imagined how the moment of first penetration would be. Surely it would hurt? But she could also envisage how good the stretching would potentially feel--at least once the pain had worn off. A pang of jealousy flashed through her.
Then a figure came into view ahead of her. It was him, running towards her again. He hadn't surprised her this time, and she had an opportunity to study him for once. He seemed handsome, from a distance at least. The sounds of sex were pounding in her ears. Her eyes dropped once again to his crotch.
Then, her foot plunged into a deceptively deep puddle, twisting her ankle. She plunged face-first into a morass of muddy water.
She hoped he wouldn't notice her. That he'd leave her to face her humiliation alone. No such luck.
"Are you alright there?" said a voice.
"Yeah I'm fine, I just wasn't looking where I was going," she insisted, waving off his offered hand of assistance.
As she scrambled to her feet, however, it became obvious she wasn't fine. She couldn't put any weight on her left ankle. She tried again just to make sure and lost her balance. Luckily, the stranger was on hand to catch her.
"Let's get out of the rain, assess the damage, yeah?" he said, taking control of the situation.
She acquiesced, allowing him to prop her up and lead her to the edge of the path. Even under the relatively thicker tree covering, the rain was still coming down in buckets.
They both spotted it at the same time. A crude shelter made from branches and logs and leaves, likely built by kids. It was pretty small, but it seemed like it would just about fit the two of them.
They would have to crawl to get in. Fortunately, that was a range of motion still available to her. He beckoned her to go first and lowered her down onto her hands and knees. She couldn't help but wonder if he was enjoying the view as he followed her in.
Much to her relief, the inside of the shelter was mostly dry, apart from the odd drips. She shuffled over to one corner and stuck her injured ankle out in front of her while he assumed a crouching position over it.
For the first time, she was able to study his face. He was perhaps 30 years old, handsome, with a short fade. He reached out a hand to her ankle. As he made contact, she couldn't help but shiver. She hoped he didn't notice.
He moved it from side to side. Already a bruise was developing.
"Doesn't look broken," he told her. "Think you've just got a sprain."
"Well, that's a relief. But how do you know? Are you a doctor?"
"Ha, I wish. I've just seen a few sprained ankles in my time. But for you I could be."
Her brain ran through all the ways she could interpret that. Surely he wasn't flirting with her? He looked like the kind of man who could get any woman he wanted.
"Oh my god," she said, changing the subject. She was looking at her clothes. Even with the rain trying its best to wash her, her running gear was covered in mud. "I'm filthy."
"Nothing wrong with a filthy woman..." he laughed.
OK, she definitely wasn't going crazy. What could that be other than flirting? He was into her. And she had to admit, she was into him.
Maybe her husband had been right about her drawing male attention after all. Wherever this was going, she decided there and then to let it run its course.
Her husband was the one who planted the seed for this in her mind. She couldn't be blamed if it flowered in a way he wasn't expecting.
"You know, we should probably check you didn't injure yourself anywhere else," he told her.
All she could do was nod.
"Your chest took a lot of the impact. Why don't you take your top off?"
If she wanted to appear calm and in control, she would have waited for him to take it off himself. Instead, she threw it off herself with eager abandon, leaving him with a view of her sports bra.
"Nice," he said. She thought she was referring to her boobs until he continued. "Doesn't look like you have a scratch. But we should probably make completely sure while we're here."
Sensing he had her in the palm of his hand, he reached out a hand to the front-zipping item of clothing, pulled it down, and revealed her bounteous breasts. They simply looked too good for him to keep up the good doctor act, and his hands began mauling them.
Olivia groaned in delight, leaning forwards until their lips met. They kissed passionately, rain thumping against the branches making up the canopy of their shelter.
"So you're married, huh?" he said, gesturing at her ring once their lips broke apart.
"Oh," she said. "Yes." She considered whether to explain herself, but he quickly drew his own conclusions.
"No judgement here."
He thought she was cheating on her husband, and he didn't even care. Maybe she was. She'd always had a moral opposition to the kind of person who would knowingly have an affair with a married person. But she was too far gone to make any kind of stand about it.
With him still kneeling in front of her, she reached out and yanked his shorts down. She wasn't disappointed in what she saw. Half-hard and growing rapidly, it was much thicker, much longer, and, she had to admit, just much better than her husband's. The sight of it alone was enough to banish the pain in her ankle from her mind.
It hadn't even finished bouncing from bursting out of his shorts before she stuck it in her mouth. Gone was the soul-searching about these new desires her husband had awakened in her. All she cared about was making this dick fully hard and getting it inside her.
The first part of that was easy, his dick growing impressively hard in just a matter of seconds. It was obvious this was a man on top of his cardio. The second part of the equation was to prove more difficult for a woman with an injured ankle, however.
She attempted to lean down to tease her shorts off her ankle, but a shooting pain prevented her from making much progress. Thankfully, he understood her intent and bent down to remove them for her.
She laid back on the dirty ground, legs spread, pussy totally exposed to him. She was pretty sure she was wet enough to accept his cock, but he had other ideas. Kneeling between her legs, he wasted no time at all bringing his hot mouth against her pussy. The contrast to the cold air was immense.
She still wasn't entirely sure about cunnilingus, having been disappointed by her husband before, but she wasn't going to spoil the mood by telling him that. Instead, she luxuriated in his roving tongue. He had clearly done this before. And like his dick, his tongue was big and thick. He knew exactly the parts to target to make her squirm, and squirm she did while bringing her hands to his head and burying her fingers in his hair. He took that as a positive sign and redoubled his efforts. She seemed close to orgasm, but he didn't want her cumming just yet. She seemed like a lot of fun, so he was determined to keep her on the edge for as long as possible.
His tongue withdrawn, Olivia whined softly at the lack of stimulation. She didn't have to wait long, however, before it was replaced by something even better. His thick dick. He slapped the head against her pussy, testing the wetness. She seemed ready.
"I don't have a condom," he told her.
"It's fine," she replied automatically. That was a problem for future her.
Olivia moaned as he split her apart. There was a brief flash of pain, just an overwhelming feeling of fullness as he bottomed out in her. He stayed there for a moment, the both of them luxuriating in the sensation.
"Fuck, that's a tight pussy... You ready?"
She answered him with a kiss and he began fucking her in earnest. Within seconds he was pounding away at her, the slaps reverberating around their shelter.
Having been close from the pussy eating, it wasn't long at all until Olivia was reaching her first orgasm. This was the most animalistic fuck of her life so far. He was fucking her so hard. And stretching her so wide. And to be doing it in the rain and the mud with the ancient forest all around them made it feel positively primordial. As she came, the sensation flooded her body. She felt unbelievably good.
The stranger watched in amazement as she moaned and writhed on his dick. He had struck gold. This woman was clearly a nympho. He had the sense she'd do whatever he told her to.
"Roll over," he told her in no uncertain terms. He was big enough that she managed to get on her knees without his dick slipping out of her pussy for a second.
Her pale arse looked amazing against his black dick. He couldn't resist a slap. Olivia squeaked her approval.
Apparently she liked a bit of discipline. He wondered if she talked as dirty as she fucked.
"Is this the first time cheating on your husband?"
"Oo-ooh, yes... yes it is."
"Something tells me it won't be the last time. Isn't that right?"
If she was more in control of herself she'd have told him to mind his mouth, but she felt utterly in thrall to his demands.
"Th-that's right. I don't--urgh--don't think I'll be able to resissst..."
"You little tramp," he told her, delivering a hard spank on her arse cheek. "You're an insatiable little slut, aren't you?"
She didn't immediately respond, so he brought his hand against her arse once again.
"Aren't you?"
"Oh goddd... Yes, yes I am," she spluttered out, agreeing with him entirely.
"What are you?"
"A slut," she panted.
Suddenly, she was aware that the sound of rain had stopped. In its place she heard the faint, far-off sounds of voices.
She wheeled her head round and looked at him significantly.
"Do you hear that? I think there's people nearby."
He nodded his confirmation but kept up the exact same pace.
"S-s-slow down," she groaned. "They might hear..."
"Let them hear," he grunted back. "I don't mind being caught. You're the one with something to hide..."
She could hear the voices getting ever louder. It sounded like a family--parents with kids in tow. What if they were the ones who had made the den she was currently fucking in? What if they were coming to play in it? And why did the thought of being discovered turn her on as much as scare her?
"You know," he continued, "you're the one making most of the noise around here. Makes me think you want to get caught."
"I... I can't get caught."
"Can't, huh? Interesting choice of words. So you want to, but you can't?"
"Nooo, it's not like that," she whispered.
"Admit you wanna get caught and I'll help you stay quiet."
"Ooh-ooh-OK, OK. I want people--uh--to s-see what a slut I am. But please... it's just a fan-uh-fantasy." Spelling it out like that, embarrassing herself in front of him, it made the situation even hotter. Once again she was on the brink of cumming.
Apparently satisfied by her answer, he put his plan into effect. Instead of stopping his pounding as she had assumed, he simply put one of his big hands over her mouth, muffling her grunts and moans. The roughness of it sent a shiver of delight flooding through her. She came for the second time in just a few minutes, practically screaming into his hand.
Luckily for her his hand was effective in swallowing up the sound, and the voices soon receded once again into the distance. Distracted by the orgasm, and acknowledging that this was the best soundproofing she was going to get, her mind drifted away from thoughts of being discovered to refocus on the intense pleasure in her pussy.
"I'm close," he told her after a few more delicious minutes of fucking. "Where do you want me to cum? Your back?"
Not being able to speak, she shook her head.
"Your face?"
Another shake.
He was running out of places to suggest.
"Inside you?" he eventually realised.
She nodded enthusiastically. Later she'd look back and wonder what had come over her. But in the moment, all she knew was that she wanted the first load put inside her since the birth of her last child to be from someone other than her husband.
The stranger was all too happy to oblige. This girl was freaky and he loved it. The thought of cumming inside her tipped him over the edge, and he sent a huge load flooding inside her, thick ropes of cum blanketing her insides.
The sensation of being filled with another man's sperm triggered Olivia's own orgasm. This was so dirty, so wrong, so taboo. She'd have to take the pill. But if she got pregnant despite that, there'd be no pretending the baby was her husband's. Everyone would know what a slut she was. Cumming hard, she bit down on his fingers to stifle her groans.
Eventually, as their heavy breathing returned to normal, he pulled out of her, admiring the sloppy mess he'd made of her cunt. Spreading her cheeks with his hand, he told her to push, and she obliged. A big wad of his cum fell to the forest floor. Olivia heard the squelch and it was music to her ears.
Shuffling back around into a sitting position, she held up his finger, the one she'd bitten. It was bleeding.
"Sorry," said Olivia sheepishly, sucking it, at first in an innocent way meant to stop the blood flow. Then, noticing he seemed to be enjoying it, she transitioned into a mock blowjob. She was still vibrating with sexual energy.
"I think I can find it in my heart to forgive you," he told her, laughing. It seemed like they were about to fuck again, but then they heard voices, even closer than before, spoiling the moment. Still, they shared a passionate kiss before retrieving their clothes.
"Right," he said, offering her his arm once they were dressed. "Let's get you home."
***
He propped her up on one side as they retrod the path to her house. She was somewhat surprised to see him turn gallant again considering how he'd acted while fucking her. Not that she was complaining.
When they got to her road she told him she could limp the rest of the way on her own, but he insisted on taking her right up to her front door. Finally home, she put a hand on the wall, panting.
"Aren't you going to invite me in?" he asked her. She couldn't tell if he was joking or not.
"My husband's inside..."
"Ah, of course. Well I suppose I'll see you back on the trail once that ankle is healed up."
She was unsure what he meant by "see you". Did he simply mean they'd go back to being ships in the night as he ran past? Or that they'd recreate the day's activities? Her question was answered when he suddenly shoved his hand inside her shorts and rubbed his fingers against the outside of her pussy, before bringing them back to his mouth.
"To tide me over till next time," he explained, before leaving her with a wink.
All she could do was groan at being groped so openly on the doorstep of her marital house. She needed a few seconds to compose herself before going inside.
***
Olivia made a beeline for the bedroom where she guessed her husband was waiting. She wasn't thinking; she couldn't think, else it would all be too overwhelming. All she knew was that she needed her husband to fuck her, now.
Mark was beyond surprised to see a sweaty, muddy, soaked Olivia crash through the door, doubly so when she practically ripped off her shorts and leapt on top of him.
She fumbled with his belt and fly, exposing his cock. Seeing her look and act like some kind of wild woman was a major turn on, and he was hard within seconds. Without any pain down there either, he was happy to note.
She still hadn't said anything, instead pushing him flat on his back and lowering herself onto his dick, cowgirl style. She felt impossibly wet and weirdly cavernous, not at all like he remembered her raw pussy having felt like before. Nor could he remember her fucking him so roughly. He was in heaven.
"Fuck, you're so wet," he said after a few minutes.
She couldn't be silent any longer. He needed to know that most of the wetness was not of her own making. Olivia took a deep breath. Time to come clean. She rose up on all fours, disengaging from his cock to hover above him. The words came pouring out of her.
"I'm sorry I didn't mean to it was just with the teasing and then you saying I'd be allowed to fuck someone else and then the porn you were watching and then there was an opportunity and it was obvious he wanted to fuck me and I'm so, so, so sorry, and... Oh my god it's coming out of me."
Both of them looked down to watch as a thick white glob of another man's cum landed on her husband's hard dick with a splat. She immediately started apologising again.
"Liv," he said forcefully, cutting through her flood of words. "Sit back down on my cock." She obliged. This time he was in control, and he thrust into her. "Tell me what happened. Slowly."
She took a deep breath. "I had sex. On my run. Oh my god," she laughed. "I don't even know his name. And he doesn't know mine. But... he knows I'm married." She held up her ring finger.
Holy shit, thought Mark. His mouth was dry. "And he came in you? Wha-?"
"We need to get a morning after pill," Olivia interrupted.
"After," he told her. "Tell me everything."
So she told him, explaining all the sordid things that had happened after she'd sprained her ankle. She couldn't quite get a read on how he was taking it, but the fact he kept thrusting into her the entire time had to be a good sign.
"You still haven't told me who it was."
"It was... It was the black guy."
Her husband groaned lustily at that piece of information.
"And yes, he was much bigger than you," she added, unprompted.
"And better?"
She knew now what her husband wanted to hear, and as she spoke, she channelled the pornstar she'd listened to on the run.
"Much better. This is all your fault, you know. I could have waited. I could have come home today and we would have had sex and got on with our lives. But you teased me so much. And now I know, baby."
"Know what?" he groaned.
"That the grass is greener on the other side."
Olivia was mildly shocked at how she was behaving, but she couldn't stop herslef. Clearly the high of having just had such naughty sex had bled into what she was saying.
"And guess what else?" she continued. "The dicks are bigger, too."
Mark couldn't hold back his orgasm any longer. He let go, flooding his wife with his own sperm-free load. Spent, his dick shrivelled up and fell out of her, leaving sticky whiteness to flow out onto him. He didn't much care who it belonged to.
The two of them remained totally still for a time.
"Wow," said Mark, breaking the silence.
"Do you still love me?" Olivia asked sincerely.
In response, slid his newly rehardened dick back into his wife's cunt, sodden with the seed of two different men. "God yes. More than ever."