This story is a companion piece to Mirror, Mirror. One of the problems with first person narration is that only one character is fully developed. The problem I had was that there were two people who deserved to have their story told. You do not need to read Mirror, Mirror before you read this story. Lisa's story can stand on its own.
*****
When I saw Darryl my heart dropped into my stomach. Every girl has that one guy that pushes her too far in dangerous directions. Darryl was mine. All my progress toward being a fine moral upstanding member of society skidded to a halt.
I had finished lunch with my faculty advisor, Dr. Wantanabi, at the cafe in the Union when he wandered in dressed in his usual black outfit with an employee from the Athletic department.
"A friend of yours?" my advisor asked as she turned to see what I was gaping at.
I blushed. "He used to be, but that was a couple of years ago."
My petite, very Japanese looking advisor studied my face.
"Seeing him does not make you happy."
"It was a perplexing relationship. I was glad when it was over, and I do not intend to rekindle it."
She smiled knowingly. "Then perhaps we should leave before he sees you."
We bussed our trays and walked out into a glorious late summer day. It had been a wet summer and the campus looked at its best on the eve of thousands of feet pounding paths across the lawns.
"Is your lodging suitable? I know you had some problem with Student Housing."
Her question pulled me out of my thoughts, and I was grateful.
"It's in the old Psychology Building. My room has one of those one way mirrors in it that psychologists used to watch experiments in process."
Dr. Wantanabi screwed up her face. "Don't you worry that someone could watch you unobserved?"
I shook my head. "There's heavy curtains on my side. I've clipped them together to make sure they're completely shut. Other than that, it's another dorm room with a little more room than normal, and with the bathroom down the hall. The fact that I get it at half price makes it very attractive."
We stopped in front of the faculty offices complex. The building could have used more ivy and less stainless steel as far as I was concerned. It's modern lines had never looked right to me here among the ivy covered old buildings. It stuck out like old sneakers in a closet full of high heels.
"I've got to go upstairs and finish my syllabus for class tomorrow. What are your math lab hours?"
"I've got three p.m. to five p.m. five days a week this semester. "
Dr. Wantanabi shook her head. "Those are the busiest hours."
"I know, but it leaves my evenings free for those two grad seminars I'm taking this semester."
The wisp of a woman disappeared into the building.
I hiked to my apartment across campus swinging a wide arc around the student union. My mind was torn between hyper-alertness in case I spied Darryl and reviewing my one-sided relationship with him.
Why was he even here? After graduation, he had disappeared without saying goodbye. His NFL career called and I was someone who no longer fit in his plans. I heard later that he had been dropped after one year and zero playing time, and had signed with a Canadian football team the following year. During that whole time, he hadn't called or emailed once, and in truth I hadn't wanted him to.
Now he was back, and sooner or later we would have that awkward meeting where we caught up on where we are now. We would smile about what might have been and promise to get together again sometime.
I met Darryl the spring of my sophomore year. Megan and I had gone to a fraternity house party. Somehow in that seething mass of loud music and writhing bodies, Darryl zeroed in on me. He was a football player. and I, a mousy co-ed, was dazzled.
When he took my hand and led me upstairs, he and I both knew what was going to happen. After a little kissing in the darkness of a closet followed by more groping he demanded a blow job and I dropped to my knees, pulled down his zipper, and freed his dick. I had never handled a dick before much less given a blow job. I marveled at how hard and warm it was. I had no idea what to do, and still managed a few minutes later to get him off. I swallowed what I could.
"Lick me clean," he demanded.
I complied. When I was done, I stood.
"What's your name?" he asked zipping up his pants.
"Lisa Hartwell."
"Do you live on campus?"
"Arris Hall."
"We should get together more often."
I froze dragging myself out of my reverie. I thought I saw Darryl up ahead, but it proved to be trick of distance and my paranoia. It had clouded up and a chill wind blew across campus raising goosebumps on my arms. I resumed walking a little faster realizing as I did so that this was nuts. I couldn't spend the entire year skulking around campus lurking in shadows trying to avoid him.
After Darryl had zipped up, he turned and left me standing alone in that closet. Using a dirty towel I found in a bathroom, I wiped cum from the front of my dress leaving a large dark stain, and descended the stairway of shame sure that everyone knew what had happened and was judging me. I joined the party downstairs with mixed emotions. On the one hand, I enjoyed pleasing Darryl, and I hadn't any clue why. On the other hand, it appalled me that my first sexual encounter had been so clinical, so devoid of emotion. Actually, it was worse than that. Darryl had deprived me of any pleasure.
Two weeks later, he invited me out for dinner. I was over the moon happy. Sophomores didn't date senior varsity football players, especially good looking ones. He was courtly and charming over our sit-down dinner in a quiet restaurant. Later that evening in the unlit portion of a parking lot he turned to me.
"Let's have some fun. Take your blouse and bra off."
"What?"
"Take them off, I want to play with your breasts while you give me a blow job."
I stared at him open mouthed, and began unbuttoning my blouse. It was like I stood outside my body watching me peel my clothes off. After that, I unbuttoned and unzipped his pants and began bobbing up and down on him. I had consulted a few friends and now understood a little better how to give a good blow job.
I'd like to say that it was a pleasant and fulfilling experience, but it was not. Giving a blow job can be pleasant. I like the total control I have over the guy when I'm pleasuring him. This was different. Darryl took what I gave him and contributed nothing in return.
When I was done licking him clean, he smiled at me.
"Good girl," he said pulling at my nipples. That was it. There was no kiss, no embrace, nothing. I hated him, but at the same time, that faint praise had me purring.
I froze again on the sidewalk. I spotted him for sure this time. His bear-like swinging gait tipped me off. He was with the same guy I had seen him with at the union. There was no place to turn off so I did the only thing I could. I squared my shoulders and marched up to him.
"How are you, Darryl?"
Thunder rumbled in the distance
He frowned as he looked me up and down. It took a moment for him to recognize me.
"Lisa?"
He gave me a quick hug.
"You're still in school?"
I nodded. "Getting my doctorate in Mathematics." I gave him a quick smile. "Why are you here?"
He released me and stepped back.
"I'm interviewing for the job of assistant coach for the football program," he looked at the ground. "Pro football didn't work out the way I thought it would."
Was that a bit of humility? My heart went out to him, but not enough to rekindle our relationship. He had shown me who he was and I believed him.
It began to sprinkle lightly, overture to the storm to come. It made our meeting blessedly short.
"Well, it's nice seeing you. I hope you get the job." I didn't hate him, but I didn't want him in my life either.
The rest of the way back to my room I concentrated on not running into anything. The wind kicked up and I needed to get under a roof soon. Still, the second I lost focus, I was back reliving the past.
That second 'date' defined our relationship. A weird dynamic developed where I wouldn't hear from him for weeks, then one night he would knock on my door. We would kiss a little, then he would ask for a blow job, and like a good little robot I would comply. After he left, I would spend the next few hours mortified at my lack of control and wondering why I did it.
I shared what was going on with my friend, Megan.
"He's using you, and you're letting him. You need counseling."
It took her weeks to drag me to the Health Center, but drag me she did, and one day I found myself sitting in front of a psychologist. It didn't take long to discover my 'daddy issues'.
Don't hold me to this explanation, my degree is in Math, not Psychology. Me, as a child, trying to please my aloof and reserved father set up a dynamic in my personality where I wanted to please men, especially men who withheld affection from me. I know that sounds weird, but that is how it works. I guess it can lead to anything from spending your entire life in an abusive relationship to becoming a stripper or even a sexual submissive.
By the time I realized that kink in my mental makeup, Darryl was long gone. I pulled away from men, and filled that hole in my life by devoting myself to my studies which I was very good at. I let myself go a little and gained weight. Why starve myself if I wasn't trying to attract men?
The sky opened up seconds after I got to my building. When I pushed open the door, my room was the way I left it. I stripped down to panties and an over sized t-shirt. I was too warm to wear anything else, and sat at my desk.
My problem was men. They could never get things right. They either wanted to be too close, or too far away. Why couldn't they be reasonable? Not everything in this world was about sex, but that came the forefront anytime you talked to one.
I glanced over at the curtained mirror. Even here, I could be on display.
In anger, I grabbed a sheet of paper off the printer and took laundry marker in hand to write: WHAT ARE YOU TRYING TO SEE, PERV? If a man moved into that room, he would know my feelings about men right away.
I opened the drapes, taped the sheet to the window and closed the drapes. That futile gesture made me feel better.
I spent the afternoon doing laundry, and getting ready for classes the next day. Megan joined me for dinner at a new burrito place not far from my room. We caught up on each other's summer adventures, then I dropped the bomb.
"Darryl is back," I mumbled between bites
Megan shook her head.
"I wish you had a boyfriend. It would keep that creep away from you." She looked me straight in the eye. "Please tell me that you aren't still interested in him."
I raised my hand like I was swearing an oath. "I'm not interested in him."
Megan, to her credit, tried hard not to look skeptical.
"He's no good for you. He'll leave you pregnant and without a degree."
She had raised her voice, and now people were looking at us.
I shook my head and whispered. "He won't leave me pregnant. I drew the line at intercourse the last time, and I would do it again."
She pointed an accusing finger at me. "Hah, you're thinking about having sex with him."
Again, she was a little too loud for my comfort. A couple of guys the next table over were looking at me in a new light.
I shrugged and motioned with my hand for her to whisper. "What am I going to do? Sooner or later, he's going to turn up on my doorstep making demands."
"You're going to set ground rules. You want him to be your boyfriend," Megan gave an involuntary shiver, "not a midnight assignation. You want commitment and affection and everything else you deserve. Since he'll want none of that, he'll go away and you'll be able to get on with your life."
"I'll try," I mumbled a little too weakly for Megan's taste.
"You will also call me if things get too intense. I'm only ten minutes away."
Her voice got too loud again. I put my finger to my lips.
"Please keep your voice down."
Megan held my gaze.
"Lisa, Darryl will wreck your life. He's the kind of guy that takes and takes and takes without giving until he sees something better. Then he will abandon you. You know that. It's what he did the last time."
Eventually, we got off my failings as a woman and onto other topics.
I returned to my room dazed from afternoon's events.
Sitting at my desk staring at the drapes reminded me of the sign I had taped in the window. I had been angry when I wrote it. It needed to come down. Why antagonize people for no reason. I opened the drapes and I discovered I was too late. Taped to the window on the other side was: NOT A PERV, YET. MY CASE IS PENDING. MY NAME IS DAVE.
I blushed. and considered closing the drapes and never opening them again. That was the coward's way out. I pride myself that I make amends when I've made a social gaffe.
I wrote in block letters on a piece of paper: SORRY. MY SIGN ISN'T AS FUNNY AS I THOUGHT IT WAS. I taped it to the window, closed the drapes, and turned on the TV so I could veg out for a while. I was getting ready for bed when a hand rapped on the window. I slipped into a pair of sweat pants and opened the drapes to find printed on paper:
I'M A NICE GUY. I'VE HAD ALL MY SHOTS AND DON'T BITE.
Next I printed: TURN ON LIGHTS. I WANT TO SEE YOU AND YOUR ROOM.
I was curious who my new neighbor was. I cupped my hands around my eyes, and peered into the dark recesses. I could make out a few things, but not much. It got a little better when the light came on, but the mirror still foiled me.
ARE YOU A MONK? I wrote next. What little of the room I could see had nothing on the walls. There was nothing personal anywhere. Then I added on a separate sheet of paper: YOUR ROOM IS SO PLAIN.
I watched the dim figure write on paper with a giant marker and post: I HAVE NO TASTE.
He made me laugh. Whoever the guy next door was, he wasn't vain.
When he pulled down the sign on his side of the window, a tiny bit of the half-mirrored film came with it leaving a pinhole of light. He noticed it and scratched at it with his fingernail. He took out his pocket knife and managed to get the tip of the blade between the film and the glass. Within seconds, he was pulling large sheets of the film off.
A very normal guy came into view. He was a little taller than me, but I am tall for a woman. His high forehead of sandy brown hair pretty much screamed that he would be balding in the next ten years. He carried the paunch, the pale skin and sloped shoulders of a grad student. The lack of sleep, the unrelenting work, too much coffee, and the lack of sunlight gave grad students that universal look. He wasn't built like a Greek god, but he wasn't the chubby kid who could never climb the rope in gym class either.
He didn't believe in mood lighting. Every light in the room was on and the light dazzled me as it poured into my dimly lit room.
He held up a sign: WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
I scrawled LISA on a piece of paper and held it up.
Before I could write anything else, someone knocked on my door.
I scrawled BOYFRIEND. It wasn't true, but if a little white lie kept him from hitting on me, so much the better.
I pulled the drapes, clipped them together and answered the door.
Darryl stood at the door weaving a little; he had been drinking. He had raided somebody's flower box to get the fistful of flowers in his grimy hand.
"Here, I brought you these."
He waved his purloined flowers in my face.
"Thank you." I took the flowers and for lack of a better place laid them on my desk next to the computer. They had begun to wilt, not unlike Darryl. He staggered to the bed and collapsed into a sitting position.
"You and I should get back together. Come here, I want to give you a hug and a kiss."
He held his arms out to me, and I had one of those 'what's wrong with this picture' moments. He had to be at least twenty-three years old, he was a good looking guy who probably still had some money from his football career. What was he doing here with a mousy, thick waisted grad student?
I shook my head, "It can't be the way it was, Darryl. You sitting here drunk tells me that you haven't changed, but I have. I won't allow myself to make the same mistakes again."
Darryl shook his head. "Meeting you was no mistake. I loved what we had."
"Of course you loved it. The sex was good, and that was all you cared about. You never said anything to convince me that you cared about me one bit."
I don't know why I bothered to say that. It wasn't like Darryl could process what I had said sober, much less in his current condition.
I pulled him to a standing position. "If you want to discuss our relationship, please return sober. Otherwise I will not open the door."
With that I pushed him into the hall and shut the door. He stood there stunned for thirty seconds before he began rapping on the door.
I watched him through the peephole. He continued knocking and calling my name until other women on the floor began stepping out into the hall to see what the racket was about. He was smart enough to realize that the police may be on their way, and left the building.
My evening and my next day passed normally for a grad student. After my morning class, I spent my day in Dr. Wantanabi's office handing out syllabuses and signing drop and add slips. After my two hour stint in the math lab, and my evening seminar, I returned home with frozen tarragon chicken dinner in hand.
After a thoroughly forgettable dinner I settled down to a text book on multidimensional data manipulation. The plot was thin, the action was good, but z, y, and z remained unknown quantities to me. (Math humor can be wretched. Remind me to tell you the one about the three statisticians who went deer hunting.)
I heard muffled bumps next door, and tapped on the window. When Dave opened it, I held up a paper with my phone number on it.
He entered it into his phone, then typed: You look lovely tonight.
I glanced down at the baggy shorts and old t-shirt I was wearing then typed: Now I know for a fact that you're blind.
He returned with: You're a rose among dandelions, a bluebird amid starlings.
When I read it, I shook my head and typed: What are you, a poet or a bullshit major?
His response: Worse, I'm a journalist.
I smiled then wrote: I'm a mathematician and I find very little rigor in your comparisons.
He was a nice guy, and appeared to be fun to be around. As usual every light in his room was on. It was like living next to an airport.
He typed in: Then I probably shouldn't tell you that your visit is the highlight of my evening?
I rolled her eyes and shook my head: I have a boyfriend.
He grinned and shot back: Not looking for a girlfriend. I'm too poor to afford one, but flirting doesn't cost a dime. If it makes you uncomfortable, I will stop.
I gave him my best 'keep it coming' look, and punched in: I kind of like it.
Then I added: What are you working on tonight?
He pointed at his laptop and typed: A short story that will never get published about a rich lady and a garbage collector who are trapped in an elevator and forced to communicate with each other.
I pointed at the tome on my desk: Still sounds better than exploring polygon properties in n-dimensional space.
He laughed as he typed: If you turn up missing, what dimension should I direct the police to?
My response: Ha ha ha.
We texted a while longer than shut our curtains so we could get back to our studies.
Somewhere between the start of school and mid October, sharing our days through the window became a very pleasant way to spend a few minutes in the evening. Dave was a gentleman always. He became a bright spot in my day, and I looked forward to the time we spent together. He would inquire about my day, and aside from the occasional hint that he would like to take me to dinner, he made no demands on me at all.
I gently pushed back that I was happy with the relationship as it was, and that would be the end of it. I worried that he might tire of our 'there, but not there' relationship. It seemed right to me to hold men at arm's length until I figured myself out. My behavior posed a chicken or egg dilemma. Did my behavior turn Darryl into a demanding bastard, or did his behavior turn me into a slave to his demands?
I did notice one thing that concerned me. When Darryl came around to my way of thinking, we actually dated. We didn't talk about me much; we talked about Darryl. We talked about his current job. He was weight training coach for the athletic department.
"I have to count all day long. These kids are too dumb to count for themselves," he would moan, "and if one gets so much as a sore muscle, the coaches are all over me about not teaching them proper lifting form."
He missed his friends. "It's not like the old days. They treat me like furniture around the athletic department. I get all the crappy chores, they pay me so little, and no one wants to talk to me."
And he missed his status. "Nobody seems to care that I played in the NFL. I've been to the big show. Why do they treat me like I'm some peon?"
He also worried about his current outbreak of acne, reveled at how his muscles had grown as he worked out with other weight lifters. His change was amazing. It seemed like in the course of a couple months he had transformed his body. He had grown so broad across his chest so quickly that he had stretch marks over his rib cage. I know now that it was steroids that did that. Back then I was clueless.
He rattled on about his problems, never about us, or me. Gradually, I decided that I did not like him. He was a self-centered spoiled child, and would spend the rest of his life that way. I began thinking of breaking it off with him. Our time together was becoming a chore.
The exact opposite was happening with Dave. I spent more and more time with him especially after I had spent time with Darryl. It's like I needed a fix of normal Dave world after a crazy dash through the bizarro world of Darryl.
Dave sensed that something was wrong and managed to talk me down from the edge. He never asked me any details and I didn't want to talk about it anyway. The less time spent on Darryl, the better.
Toward the end of October, I came home and slipped into my customary short shorts and t-shirt. It was too warm in the building for anything else. I pulled open the drapes to see if Dave was home, and discovered a twenty page story pasted to the window.
It was the story of a couple who fall in love despite being separated by a window in an office. Several times I had to stop reading to brush away a tear. He had written about us. Dave had incorporated huge chunks of me in the female protagonist, and Dave's personality rang clear as a bell through his description of the male protagonist.
You wrote about us? I texted.
Dave opened his drapes and grinned like an idiot then texted: It's going to be published in the campus literary magazine.
I texted a heart and a hug emogi and wrote: You described me much prettier than what I am.
He shook his head and pointed at me before texting: I spent no time on the sweetness of your disposition or how the world was brighter with you in it. Gritty realism sells.
I replied: I have several girlfriends who could use a guy like you. Let me fix you up.
He shook his head and typed: No money, no prospects.
I mugged a frown and typed: You're such a dope. You don't need money to make a girl feel wonderful. You have to be sensitive and gentle.
He texted back: I'm too busy right now, but I may take you up on that later.
I had no intention of turning him loose among my girlfriends. He was much too nice. I'm not stupid. When I find gold, I keep it to myself.
Things changed a week later. Darryl came over unannounced as usual and caught me in my after school outfit of short shorts and a t-shirt. Our visit started well enough, but went south quickly.
"I'm tired of waiting. I want to make love with you now." The anger in his growl scared me.
He grabbed the tails of my shirt and whipped it off me before I could protest, then he stripped off his clothes off.
"No!" I screamed.
When I pushed his hands away, he backhanded me across the face and drove me hard into the curtained window. I dragged down the mounting brackets along with the curtains as I slid to the floor.
As Darryl loomed over me with fists doubled, Dave rapped on the window and I looked up to see him outlined in bright light holding up his phone and pointing at it. He signaled that he was calling the police.
Darryl gave him the finger, then pulled on his pants, slid on his shirt and yelled, "Bitch!" as he stormed from the room slamming the door behind him.
A little blood seeped from the corner of my mouth. I daubed at it with my finger.
Are you all right? Dave texted.
I got up and grabbed my phone off the desk, looked up at Dave and texted: I'm okay. Sorry you had to see that.
Do I need to call the police? He wrote next.
I shook my head and dabbed at the blood on my lip before punching into my phone : Please don't. I'm not hurt, just embarrassed.
Dave typed: You can spend the night here if you need a place where he can't find you.
I walked over to the door and threw the dead bolt and texted: I'm okay, the door is sturdy and has a good lock.
I suddenly realized that I was wearing nothing but panties. I used my arm to cover my breasts, but gave up so I could text: I have a girlfriend I can call. In the meantime, I need to get dressed. Thank you for being there.
He texted back: Call me if you need me.
He understood my embarrassment, and pulled the drapes shut on his side to give me privacy. Later after the police report, I climbed into bed more concerned about Dave peeping in on me during the night than about Darryl returning.
The next evening after I got in I texted: Did you watch me in my sleep last night?
Dave replied: I did a couple of times to make sure you were okay.
He walked to the window and pulled the drapes open. Bright light poured in.
I texted: That creeps me out a little.
He shrugged. "I won't do it anymore. I worried about you last night. My intentions were pure.
I mugged an unhappy face. "Still you saw me almost naked last night. You have the advantage on me. I demand parity.
He laughed: You want to see me naked?
I nodded: Seems fair.
What about boyfriend? Dave pulled an unhappy face.
Darryl's gone. I filled out a complaint with the campus police this morning. If he approaches me, I will have him arrested.
He shrugged and unbuttoned his shirt and dropped his pants. He struck a modeling pose with one hand behind his head and the other on his hip then did a slow turn displaying his body in all its glory. His skin was that white, white pale where it almost glowed, and he could have used a session or two in the gym, but otherwise not bad. What impressed me was the size of the lump in the front of his shorts. The only man I had ever seen was Darryl, Dave had to have something quite a bit bigger.
I messaged: Very nice, but you've seen my breasts, and I haven't seen any of your naughty bits.
He shot back: Let's play doctor. I'll show you mine when you show me yours.
I laughed. Was this how things were supposed to be between the sexes? Was sex supposed to be fun? Dave's playful attitude made him really attractive to me.
I texted: We have another problem. I can no longer close my drapes until they are repaired.
Dave stroked his chin then held up his index finger as if he suddenly had an idea: I'll keep mine closed unless you say to open them.
I typed back: That doesn't keep you from peeping.
He replied: Paper over the window?
Papering over the window would solve the problem, but I didn't like the idea of never seeing Dave again. I didn't want a boyfriend, but I did want Dave. I know that makes no sense. My emotions at the time were complicated and in some ways conflicted.
I shook my head and typed: Here's the problem. I enjoy living with you sort of.
He read that, and bit his lower lip in thought. For a moment, I thought that I had gone too far. He would decide that this was getting too weird, close the drapes, and I would never see him again. Dread surged through me as he typed:
I enjoy having you sort of around too.
Relief flooded through me. More dread followed as I realized that I had to take another big step. I wasn't in a place where I trusted men, but I wanted to share more of my life with Dave, and the clear barrier between us gave me a level of comfort. It was time to pull on my big girl panties and make a decision. I typed without stopping: You could keep your drapes open all the time.
He looked up at me like he was thinking of a question he needed to ask me.
I braced myself. I had taken a big chance here and was beginning to think it was going to blow up in my face.
He wrote: I wouldn't mind, but I do sleep in the nude. There may be a some semi-unintentional flashing.
I smirked at him: I sleep in the nude too. I don't mind the flashing as long as it's semi-unintentional.
Afterwe stopped texting, Dave stayed in his underwear, and I changed into panties and an over sized t-shirt minus the bra. As I studied, Dave would glance over at me from time to time. I liked it, well sort of. I appreciated the attention, don't get me wrong, but there was a little more of me than I wanted. I vowed that it was time to work on my figure.
Autumn cooled into winter, but our rooms remained tropical. Occasionally a maintenance worked would knock on my door and ask about how warm it was, but it never changed. One evening as I sat there studying least squares calculations in n-dimensions, a trickle of sweat rolled between my breasts. I peered over at Dave sitting in his underwear looking far cooler than me. Without thinking, I removed my t-shirt. If I had thought about it, I wouldn't have done it.
I wadded up the shirt and threw it at the window. Dave looked up to see me sitting there in all my topless glory. His response was to mouth, 'looking good', and to go back to writing on his laptop. I'm not overly endowed. I barely pass the pencil test, but Dave appreciated the view. When I caught him looking he would grin his pleasure at the sight of me. A girl could get used to that. Most evenings after that I padded around my room in my panties.
At a lunch with Megan I detailed my strange relationship with Dave. She was not happy.
"You have a voyeur. Don't you see you're falling into the same relationship with him as you had with Darryl. Before you know it, he'll be demanding that you pose for pictures. God only knows how long before those pictures appear on the internet."
"He hasn't once asked anything of me, nor has the idea of taking pictures come up. Every once in a while, he hints that he would like to date me, but I tell him I'm not ready after what Darryl almost did to me."
"I still don't like it, Lisa. As an almost psychologist, I have to tell you that I think you're skating on thin ice. I really don't see your situation ending any other way but in tears."
"Can't you please be happy for me?" I set down my fork. "I'm in a relationship with a nice guy. It's a little unconventional, but it's that way because I want it that way. Dave is nothing like Darryl. I worry that one day he'll decide that I'm too crazy to deal with, and move on to a woman who can appreciate him."
Megan rubbed her forehead. "At least, let me check him out. I have a friend who has a friend on the campus police force."
"Megan, if you do that, I swear to God, I will never speak to you again. He's a good guy who has been nothing but kind to me. I will not have you treating him like a criminal." I sipped my iced tea.
"If you want to worry about something, worry about Darryl." I continued, "I'm running into him a little more often than is natural. The other day I discovered him walking about ten yards behind me. I creeped me out. I had no idea how long he had been back there. Fortunately it was in the middle of the day so I didn't get panicky."
"It's time to call the police. That sort of thing will only escalate." She pulled out her phone.
"Don't call. He's just started his job with the university. I don't want to be the one that gets him fired. Then I might have an angry stalker on my hands."
"He's a creepy guy and a stalker. He needs to get fired," Megan shot back.
In the end we agreed to disagree.
A little after Halloween, Dave slid an autographed copy of his published short story under my door. When I opened it, he had written above the title:
Lisa, you are the loveliest muse a writer could have. All over campus, men and women are reading this story and wondering why they can't have a romance like ours. Thank you for your sweet inspiration. Dave
I teared up as I read it. How could a woman not? I had never in my life had a man act so tender and loving toward me. I almost wished that he had hand delivered it so that I could wrap my arms around him. Unfortunately, Dave continued to play by the ground rules I had set. I glanced over to the window to see if he was home yet. His side was dark. I wanted to do something for him, but what?
Later that evening, I rapped on the window and waved my autographed copy of the story he had written. Then I pointed at the very brief thong I was wearing. He signaled that I should turn around and I did. I may have shaken my ass at him a little bit. I texted: I've never had a story about me published. I am deeply flattered. Do you like my thong? I bought it for you.
He mimed wiping drool from his mouth before texting his approval.
After that, I wore thongs most evenings feeling sexy whenever Dave looked my way. Just before Thanksgiving holiday, I strutted around in the briefest thong I could find on the internet. The front was a triangle of flimsy fabric perhaps three inches long and about two inches wide across the top. From the back I looked naked except for the thin bands of elastic that kept me almost modest.
I typed: A little something to remember me by over the break.
Four days was too long to be without Dave. At one point, my mother pulled me aside and asked if I had fallen in love. I was showing all the signs. I told her I thought I was at the start of relationship, but it was too early to tell.
"Honey, you look in love to me." She gave me a smile. "Make sure he's the one before you do anything."
When I returned to my room with the window on Dave, I stripped down to my thong inside the door. I could not wait to get out of my clothing. Dave's face lit up in the biggest smile when he saw me.
I've missed you. He typed.
I couldn't wait to get back. I typed in return.
He held his hand up to the window, and I placed my hand up to his. We stood there for a long time.
I could only think how nuts this was. I wanted him. I craved his touch to the very bottom of my soul. Yet when I thought of marching over there and beating on his door until he opened it, something froze inside me. Once he had me, how could I be sure that he wouldn't turn into another Darryl?
And so I did nothing. Every day I craved for his touch so much that it hurt yet the thought of acting on that desire petrified me.
They fixed my curtains the week before Christmas break.
When the workmen left, Dave texted: You can close your drapes now, want to go back to the old way?
He stood there looking concerned and nervous. I was happy the way things were.
I shook my head and texted: This way is better. I like your companionship.
He offered yet again: We could always meet face to face.
There it was again. Dave was asking for a normal 'man meets woman' relationship and I wasn't ready. It was too scary.
I texted: I know it's weird on my part, but I like the fact that there's a physical barrier between us. I'm having trust issues with men in general since my bastard boyfriend refuses to go away. This is nice. I have your presence, but I'm safe. Does that make sense?
He texted back: I would never harm you Lisa, I'm not wired that way.
I held my hand against the window. He held his up against mine. Then I stepped back and texted: I know I'm being weird, give me a little space and let me get my head straight. I see Darryl two or three times a week. Every time I do, it brings back the old scary feelings. I think he is stalking me.
He texted: Have you talked to the police?
I nodded and wrote: They can't do much as long as he doesn't touch me or confront me.
He changed the subject to my relief by stroking his chin and eyeing me up and down, then texted: You're looking especially tasty lately. Have you lost weight?
I spun in place ballerina style before texting: Down about ten pounds. You're the first one to notice. I think I lost it all in my chest.
I hid my breasts in my hands and frowned.
He texted: It came off your hips and thighs. Your butt doesn't jiggle when you walk anymore. Don't lose too much, I adore a woman with hips. They're so feminine. I can't wait to caress them and maybe cover your perky buns with tiny little bites.
I wiggled my hips and watched his bright smile spread across his face. I gave him a thumbs up then texted: You'll go far in journalism. You know exactly what to say.
I motioned in a circle with my index finger to get him to turn around. I liked what I saw. He had lost his paunch, and gained a little muscle definition.
I texted: You're looking spiffy yourself.
Dave texted: It's your fault. I looked so bad for you in my underwear that I decided to take up running again and joined a judo club.
He flexed for me.
I gave the thumbs up before texting: We're obviously good for each other.
Christmas came and I spent several weeks alone in the company of my family. Dave occupied my thoughts most of the day every day. Nights were long and lonely. Until then I hadn't realized how warm and safe I felt knowing Dave was sleeping a few feet away. Without him around, life was as flat and as tasteless as chewing on a rubber band.
I returned to school the Sunday after New Year's and my mood brightened.
Enjoy your holiday? I texted.
It was okay, he texted back. I wrote and graded finals for my professor. It was nice to sit and drink a coffee without worrying about all the things I needed to do. How about you?
It was nice to see my family, but Darryl dropped by and I told my Dad what happened. Dad threw him out of the house and told him that he would be shot on sight if he came back.
He watched me peel off my coat, blouse, skirt, bra, shoes and leggings. Then I reached up and rustled my fingers through my hair before picking up my phone: It feels so good to strip down and relax.
Dave followed my lead and slid his clothes off then texted: Is that thong for my viewing pleasure?
I did a pirouette texted: I've been thinking about getting back here all break. I'm happier here than at home. It's time we went further.
I slid out of my thong and stood before him naked wondering briefly what Megan would think then decided that I really didn't care.
Wow, he mouthed as he dropped his shorts and stood before me.
I pulled up a chair and sat facing him. He did the same.
I thought about you all Christmas, I texted. I had dreams about you stroking my naked body. How can you occupy my thoughts so much and I don't even know the sound of your voice?
Dave went mad on his keypad: I have the same problem. You monopolize my waking thoughts. I've memorized the gentle curve of your jaw. I know how you bite your lower lip when you're deep in thought. I love the way you tuck your hair behind your ear when it falls forward across your face.
After I read it. I placed both hands over my heart and sent a kiss his way. What do we do now?
Dave texted: We masturbate together.
I read his text feeling shy. I wanted to cover myself then thought, why not? It might be fun.
I texted: So what do we do?
He stroked his dick letting it come erect. It kept getting bigger and bigger.
It's so large. I texted.
He shrugged: I never thought about it. I don't think I'm any bigger than anyone else.
I'm not sure that would fit in me. I shot back.
I'm pretty sure that it wouldn't be a problem.
I smirked. Lot's of lovers?
He grinned: A couple, nothing serious. You?
I looked down like I was embarrassed. Virgin. Is that bad?
He shook his head: If you were in my arms now. I would promise to be gentle and only go as far as you were comfortable.
I placed both hands over my heart and kissed in his direction. Then I slid my hands over my breasts rubbing my nipples until they stood hard, yet tender at the tip of my breasts. They're incredibly sensitive and I can orgasm by stroking them and rolling my nipples between my fingers.
Dave stopped stroking himself, and watched me, fascinated. That turned me on.
I picked up my phone and texted: What have you done to me. I am shameless around you.
My high pressure tactics are finally starting to work. He wrote back.
He looked like he was about to write something else, but he stopped as I slid my hand down my stomach and onto my mons. From there I slid my index finger into the crease between my legs discovering that I was wet and ready. I took a bit of that moisture and used it to lubricate my clit. It was so sensitive that brushing my finger against it made me shiver.
Dave sat watching me with a half smile on his face enjoying what I was doing.
I circled the tender skin around my love button a couple times before dipping two fingers inside me penetrating as deep as I could gently pulling my fingers in and out. With my other hand I continued to pull at my nipples squirming in my chair each time I released them and they snapped back.
I began breathing deeper and I my pulse pounded in my breasts and vagina. As my arousal grew, I abandoned my breasts to stroke my clit while I pistoned in and out of myself with my other hand.
The tingle began deep in my body building up until it locked all my muscles. I bucked in the chair as wave after wave of the strongest orgasm I had ever had rolled over me.
As I slumped in my chair waiting to catch my breath, I texted: Did you orgasm?
He shook his head and grabbed his phone: Too fascinated watching your sensual body in the throes of orgasm. You were fantastic.
I hid my eyes with my hand before texting: I am so embarrassed! I've never done anything like this before. It usually takes much longer to get me going. You watching turns me on.
Dave mimed taking off a hat and texted: Then I appreciate that you chose me to be your first. You were magnificent and extremely stimulating.
I think my orgasm was so strong because it's been a long time, and there was this cute guy watching me. Does that make me an exhibitionist? I searched his face waiting for his reaction.
It makes you human. He texted back. Having sex on a park bench in the diag would make you an exhibitionist.
I want to see your orgasm. I texted.
He began slowing stroking his dick while staring at my breasts. I was captivated by the sight, and amazed that he found me sexy enough to give him an orgasm. He slowly increased the tempo. Just before his orgasm, he grimaced like he was in terrible pain as his body tensed so much that his hips lifted off the chair.
I was so fascinated that I didn't realize that I was stroking breasts as I watched. Watching him build to an orgasm really got me going. Another orgasm was building in me.
Dave bucked in his chair as his orgasm hit. The first pulse shot cum onto the floor three feet in front of him. The second pulse landed between hid legs, and the last three spurted onto his hand.
While he got up to get a tissue, I typed into my phone.
Wow. Is there always so much, and does it always shoot that far?
It varies by how long its been between orgasms and how horny I am. It's been a while for me, and woman, you turn me on.
I looked up fanning my face with my hand.
I want to hold you in my arms right now. He sent the message my way.
I smiled sadly then texted. I want that too, but I worry that I'd freeze up the moment you touched me. I'm getting better. I did pleasure myself in front of you. I never did that in front of dumb ass Darryl.
Our mutual masturbation sessions were the high point of my week after that. At semester break, I worked up the nerve to use my vibrator in front of him while he added hand lotion to his sessions.
Things got busier with the new semester. They had Dave teaching a couple remedial composition classes, and I began tutoring nursing students who had to pass a math class as part of their programs.
The money from the tutoring was nice, and I used it to buy some clothes suitable for teaching in. The downside was that my twelve hour days became sixteen hour days.
Dave and I still spent what time we could together. I sensed a growing frustration in Dave. He wanted a more traditional girlfriend experience and I wasn't sure I'd ever be ready. Darryl kept turning up in unusual places. He'd be behind me in line at the bookstore, or be sitting at a restaurant when I walked in. Those little surprises upset me for days afterwards.
The relationship blow up came at the start of April. Dave had been ordered to attend the May Ball as the English Department's representative. It was a final formal dance for seniors before graduation.
Would you be my plus one for the May Ball? He texted one Sunday evening.
I shook my head and texted: Dating terrifies me.
I don't have to pick you up. The soiree is in the ballroom on the second floor of the union, you can arrive when you're ready, and you can leave anytime you wish and unescorted if you choose.
I read the text then took a long time before I looked up. What I was going to say was sure to result in our first disagreement.
He massaged his temples before he typed into the phone: Lisa our relationship has stalled. I've known you for six months and have put no demands on you. It's not unreasonable that I ask you to meet me with no barrier between us. I had hoped that we could at least hold hands at the dance and perhaps I could sneak a kiss while we were dancing, but if that is too forward for you then maybe we should draw the curtain on this relationship.
He grabbed the pull cord and did exactly that. I messaged him immediately, but got no reply. I continued to do so for a panicky hour before I gave up.
I went to bed lonely and miserable. It was like all light and warmth had been pulled from my life. All the next day, my stomach ached. I couldn't eat, I couldn't even escape my misery in sleep.
My second day without Dave was worse than the first. I couldn't concentrate. That night, a plan gelled in my mind. I would wait until I knew he was home, then I would walk downstairs through the kitchen onto the men's side of the building. I was going to confront Dave. He needed to know how unreasonable he was being.
I pictured him flirting with the female grad students in the English department. I knew there wasn't a single one that was right for him. Why didn't he see it? I needed to go over and set him straight for his own good.
That evening, I slipped into a silk blouse that I knew he liked and set forth for his apartment with a knot the size of my fist in my stomach.
I knocked, then stood to the side where he couldn't see who was at the door.
"Who's there?" he shouted. When he opened the door a crack to peer out, I shouldered my way in.
"You've got a lot of nerve cutting me off like that. I depend-" I started.
He grabbed me by the shoulders and kissed me. I tried to resist, but it was too good. His lips were better than I imagined. I kissed back a little too eagerly. Then I pushed him away.
"I'm mad at you," I grumbled.
"Later," I pulled me back into his embrace and kissed her again. "We can argue later."
I encircled his neck with my arms as he slid his hands around my waist grasping my hips for the first time. It was so much more sensual than I thought it would be.
"We're not going to make love." I had my eyes closed. It probably would have been more convincing is I had tried to step away from his embrace. Once again, my body betrayed me.
"I agree, we're not going to make love," Dave murmured as he ran his exquisite hand up and down my back. My will was failing me. More than anything I wanted to spend the night in his arms
I ran my hands over his chest and shoulders. "Why are you in your underwear if you're so cold?"
"I just got in from the rain. You need to warm me up." I slid my hands around his waist and pulled him to me. This was heavenly right up until the time his hands dropped to my ass.
I stepped back and glared at him. "That is the exact reason why I don't want to go out with men. You're all too grabby."
The cutest look of confusion crossed his face.
I pulled off my blouse exposing a lilac colored lightweight bra.
"Now you can warm up by hugging me."
He pulled me in crushing my breasts against his muscled chest. He found my lips and slipped his tongue into my mouth. I think I moaned, as I rubbed my breasts back and forth across my chest.
When we came up for air, he wore the most amazing expression. I have never had a man so hyper-focused on me, and l loved every minute of it.
"We need to talk-"
I lost my train of thought when he kissed my neck sending goosebumps down my arm. I shivered.
"Listen, I-"
His next kiss landed on my shoulder.
"We've got important issues-"
He kissed the top of my breast.
I grabbed his face and tipped it up so he had to look into my eyes.
"You're not going to let me talk, are you?"
By way of answer, he popped the front clasp on my bra and took my nipple into my mouth sucking on it lightly making me gasp and push him away.
"I should leave, you're-
He took the other nipple in his mouth, and sucked it a little harder than the first leaving me weak kneed.
"You should leave," He echoed.
I tried hard to remember what was so important that I needed to tell him, I drew a blank. The only thing that seemed important was to keep his mouth on my nipple.
He surprised me by stepping back. "If we proceed any further, it will be with your consent."
"This is moving too fast." I whispered. "You have no right to stand there so sexy.
I stroked his chest, it was a nice chest. Then my finger tips dropped down to his abdomen exploring the hard muscle beneath the velvety soft skin. Desire over took me and I slipped my hand into his briefs
"Oh, my," I said as I took his rigid cock in hand.
He stood back, slid off his underwear, and sat on the bed patting on the spot where I wanted me to sit.
"I'm still cold." he hugged myself.
I stood, torn between my body's desire, and my mind's need to set things straight. It wasn't even close. My body claimed control.
"If I stay, we're going to make love," I stated.
He nodded.
"I will kiss down your body exploring every delicate curve along the way. I will drag slow, wet kisses across your clit until you beg for release, and then I will make sweet love to you until you are so exhausted that you can only cuddle beside me with a satisfied grin on your beautiful face."
I stepped closer to him. Clearly my body wanted the same things he did.
"We have issues we need to discuss." I murmured without conviction.
"All I can think of right now is how much I want you here beside me. There will be time to talk about our issues later. We're going to have years to talk about our issues. Tonight, I need you here with me."
I frowned at him. "Did you say what I think you said?"
He nodded, "We'll talk about that later, too. For right now, know that I cannot see myself living without you."
I dropped my bra then slipped out of my shorts and panties in one swift motion and sat on the bed beside him.
He leaned back and I joined him in laying on the bed. He stroked my breast as I kissed him. Gradually his hand explored the curve of my waist before stroking my hip.
"I love those hips." He murmured. "They're so not guys hips."
He got up on all fours as I lay flat on my back and kissed his way down my body from shoulder to mons one sensual inch at a time spending additional time on breasts and navel.
"I love the scent of your skin." He whispered between kisses.
He slid to the bottom of the bed, and gently pushed my legs apart. I helped him as eager as he for the exquisite passion that would follow. His kisses began at my toes and ran up my leg a leisurely inch at a time leaving a trail of goosebumps. He planted a final kiss on the crease between my legs making me moan with pleasure.
I gasped when he slid his tongue into my folds exploring my inner lips. I bucked my hips with pleasure, and trembled when his tongue sought out my recesses beyond those inner lips.
"Oh, that feels so wonderful."
He began at the bottom of my folds and licked to the top replacing his tongue with a couple of plunging fingers as he devoted his mouth to my clit.
The only thing I could do was grab his head with both hands, murmuring, "Oh my God, you're driving me crazy."
Dave pressed on, licking and sucking that little button of flesh until I clamped his head between her thighs, pulled his dart tongue as close to my clit as I could, screaming his name. When my orgasm had passed, he lay beside me once again stroking my breasts. I loved the feel of those big masculine hands on my breasts.
I kissed him long and slow once I had recovered tasting my own salty fragrant juices on his lips.
"That was amazing," I whispered between kisses, "but I want you in me."
I reached down and gave his cock a stroke. "It seems so large, though."
"I'll go slow," Dave kissed me as he centered himself between my legs. I rubbed the head of his cock up and down my slit to gather lubrication.
"Push slowly," I whispered.
He did as ordered and met resistance about halfway in. He backed off, then pushed again and drove past the resistance. I gave a small gasp as a wave of pleasure shot through me.
"Okay, now don't move while I get used to you."
Once again he did as ordered taking the time to kiss me. He also did something that made his cock swell inside me. My pelvic muscles messaged his cock as I accommodated him.
I pulled his face to mine and kissed his amazing lips. "Okay, now move slowly," my voice took on a husky tone. Did that happen with sex too?
He gently pulled out of me and then slid back in at a pace that maximized sensation of skin sliding on skin, when he hit bottom I whispered, "Yes."
I urged him to go faster by digging my heels into his ass, he built up speed. As he did so. I sensed my pelvic muscles beginning to twitch.
"What are you doing?" I asked when he started slowing.
"I'm about to have my orgasm, and I want to postpone it so you can have yours first."
I giggled. "I've had three already." I kicked him in the ass again. "Now let's run this program to completion."
He drove into me hard as I arched my hips to meet him.
"I'm about to cum," he growled through his orgasm face.
I wrapped her arms and legs around him and held on tight.
Dave froze then pulsed into me again and again triggering my orgasm.
When we were done, I kissed him and he rolled off me onto the bed.
He lay there, I stroked his softening cock.
"You were right. You fit in me."
He chuckled at that. "I'd say we fit together near perfectly."
"Well, you're so big. The only other one I've seen is Darryl's and you're quite a bit bigger."
"I don't think I'm that big. It's more like Darryl is on the small side."
"Well, either way," I picked up his very limp cock and squeezed it, "I liked what you can do with it. By the way, you seduced me."
Dave shook his head. "I warned you what would happen if you stayed, and you chose to remain."
"You were very persuasive." I whispered.
"You were an easy sell," he kissed her lightly on the lips. "Besides, you can't tease a guy for over six months and not expect an explosion of passion."
"You teased me, too. Do you know how many nights I wanted to throw a chair through that damn window so I could climb into bed with you?" I took a bit of slippery dew off the tip of his cock and rubbed it between thumb and finger.
I got up on my knees and stroked his cock. "Wow. Am I making it hard again?"
"A beautiful woman touching me there arouses me."
I pouted. "Exactly how many beautiful women have touched you there?"
"Exactly one, but I generalized."
I continued stroking his cock letting it grow in my hand. "You're really hard now. I can think of a really fun place to put it."
"Would you like to try a position that women really like?"
I nodded.
"It's called cowgirl. I lay flat and you straddle my hips with me inserted into you."
"Why do women like it?" I asked as I scooted into position and straddled him.
"You control the depth and the stroke rate while I play with your breasts and clitoris."
I was so moist that I enveloped him easily and then settled onto his hips. I rocked back and forth on him.
"You're even deeper than you were before. I like this."
He reached up and gently twisted my nipples. My reaction was to clamp around his cock. His moan told me he appreciated my vaginal message
I placed my hands on his chest and rocked back and forth building up the speed of my thrusting.
"God, this, feels, good," I moaned in time with my strokes.
He steadied me by grabbing my hips until I hunched over rigid as my pussy pulsed around his cock. When I was done, I collapsed on top of him trying to maximized the skin to skin contact between us.
"Did you orgasm with me?" I asked as I kissed his neck.
"No, I wanted to make sure you had a good time."
I kissed him again. "I've had five good times. I want you to have fun, too. What do I need to do?"
"We could try doggie position."
I looked down at him. "What do you want me to do?"
"Get down on your hands and knees while I enter you from behind."
"Women like that?"
Dave nodded. "Some do, the man's penis is in a slightly different position activating different nerves. Some don't like it at all."
I got down on my hands and knees. "I feel so exposed like this."
He slid into me easily touching bottom on his first thrust. I did notice a bit of soreness, but not enough to make me stop.
"Oh, this is different. I think I like it," I forced my butt back into his groin and gave it a little shake.
He stroked out and into me again pulling my hips to his groin each time. He increased the speed until the sound of our slapping bodies filled the room. The aroma of sex filled the air.
"Harder," I commanded.
He obliged pistoning as fast as he could until he stopped and pumped pulse after pulse into my quivering body. Another orgasm washed over me. We broke and collapsed on the bed panting.
"Is that all the positions?" I asked between gasps of air.
"I need to show you reverse cowgirl, moon over Miami, and the horny gymnast, but we can do that another time." He inhaled a deep breath and slowly exhaled. "Right now I want to spoon in next to you and cuddle."
When he cupped my breast, I whispered, "Nice."
That was the last thing I heard before my soundest sleep in days.
Things changed again. We spent our weekends in each other's arms, and we walked out in public. I hoped that Darryl would see me with another man and give me up for lost.
We did the things that lovers do. We spent hours sitting together in coffee shops, grabbed lunch together during the week, and walked hand in hand amid the flowering dogwoods, cherry, and red bud trees blooming around the campus.
Darryl refused to give up. Dave was as tall as Darryl, but Darryl had at least fifty pounds of muscle on Dave. The steroids and the weight lifting had turned him into a scary looking man.
One afternoon as Darryl was walking past us, he tried to throw a shoulder into Dave who did some judo mojo, and sidestepped him. When Darryl met no resistance, he stumbled and fell ass over teakettle into a water puddle on the sidewalk.
We kept walking.
When I looked back my former boyfriend was sprawled on the sidewalk.
"What did you do to him?" I asked pretty sure I knew what the answer was.
He had shown me a few judo moves and I knew what he was capable of.
Dave chuckled. "I didn't touch him. I wasn't where he expected me to be."
I frowned. "He's getting worse."
Dave nodded. "That's the bad news. The good news is that he's targeting me instead of you."
"Why is that good news?"
"I grew up in a tough working class neighborhood. You learned how to fight if you wanted to survive. When he comes after me, I'll be ready."
There wasn't much I could do but trust that Dave knew what to do. In the following weeks I did notice that Darryl sightings had dropped to zero. Perhaps I would at last be free of him.
I spent the first week in May preparing for the ball.
Megan and I went shopping and I fell in love with a mint green gown that showed a bit more skin that I was comfortable with.
"If you like it, buy it," Megan urged. "You can pick up a jacket to wear with it."
"You don't think it's scandalous?"
She shook her head. "I'd wear that in a minute if I looked good in green. Actually, I'm jealous. Why do you get to go to the ball while I sit at home watching Saturday Night Live reruns?"
"It's amazing isn't it? This has been the most amazing semester. I have the perfect boyfriend, my stalker has disappeared, and as long as my face doesn't break out, I feel like Cinderella. I even have a ball to go to."
Things came to a head at the May ball. When Dave arrived at my door to pick me up, he stood there speechless.
Finally, he cleared his throat. "Lisa you look amazing, I love the way the green in your dress sets your green eyes afire. I knew you were gorgeous, but tonight you are hauntingly beautiful. " He handed me a wrist corsage. "This is for you."
I smiled, "I was expecting a corsage that you would pin onto my dress."
"I thought about that too, but decided that if I had to reach into your dress to pin it on you, we might never make it to the dance."
I looked him over, "You look nice and only a little bit uncomfortable."
He reached down and grabbed the outside seams of his pants pulling them wide. "I've never worn a pair of pants so baggy. The waist comes up to my ribs and I have to hold them up with suspenders. It's all hidden under this cummerbund. I never even knew what a cummerbund was before I rented this get up. I had to have the guy at the store show me how to wear it."
"Well, I think you look refined in your white dinner jacket," I took his arm and we walked to the dance.
Once inside the ballroom, Dave checked my wrap, and we went searching for his advisor to check in. He was talking with several of his colleagues.
"Dr. Hart, I'd like you to meet my girlfriend, Lisa Clark."
Dr. Hart smiled and took my hand. "I am so pleased to meet you, Lisa. I've noticed that Dave is a lot happier lately. I think I know why now."
He turned to me, "David, you must bring her to more department functions."
He tapped a woman standing next to him talking to another couple. "Nico, I'd like you to meet someone."
The diminutive woman turned and smiled.
"This is my doctoral candidate, Dave Harris and his girlfriend, Lisa Clark."
Dave bowed and said, "Sensei."
I said, "Dr. Wantanabi?"
"You make such a lovely couple. Let's dispense with titles for the evening," she smiled at each of us, "please call me Nico for the evening.
Dr. Hart looked between the three of us and chuckled, "I guess you all know each other."
Dinner was a pleasant affair. I chatted with my advisor and Dave chatted with his. We did talk a little about how Nico came about getting a black belt in judo, and Nico promise to drop the master-slave relationship of grad student and advisor if I decided to join the judo club.
When Dr. Hart left the table to find the men's room, Nico leaned in. "Is the guy threatening you and Lisa over there?" She nodded and I looked in that direction to discover Darryl sitting next to a tall blond with cropped hair. The woman had the lean look of an athlete. I guess she was another coach from the Athletic Department. Body language said that they were not into each other. They sat with another couple. The woman looked like your typical fluffy blond, but the guy looked like a lineman from the football team.
"Maybe he's found someone to replace me. How did you know that was him?"
"He keeps glaring at you and Dave. I see no affection between him and his date. I think they were both ordered to come here by the Athletic Department."
"He's got that thuggish looking guy with him," Dave gave my hand a squeeze, "let's hope they stay on their side of the room and we'll stay on ours."
When the band started up, Dave invited me to dance, and for a few lovely moments I was lost in the romance of dancing in the arms of a man who loved me. After an hour or so I went to the lavatory and discovered the fluffy blond sobbing while Darryl's date held her. I wanted none of that and returned to the table. Dave and I danced some more. Did I mention that he was a wonderful dancer?
Everything changed when David went stiff in my arms. When we swung around I could see what concerned him.
He nodded in the direction of the punch bowl. "Is your former boyfriend a mean drunk by any chance?"
I glanced over then shook my head. "I know that look. He's about to do something stupid."
I concentrated on not looking at him and I think it only made him angrier. He charged at us with his buddy bringing up the rear.
Dave shoved me back out of the way, and raised my hands, almost shouting, "I don't want any trouble here."
Dave stepped back when Darryl pushed him in the chest.
"Fight me, asshole!" Darryl bellowed. I could see the veins in his neck bulging.
Dave took a step back with his hands still raised. Again he almost shouted, "I don't want to fight you."
Darryl pushed David again, "I'm going to rip off you head and shit down your neck!"
Dave stepped back a second time.
Darryl shoved him again. The hall grew quiet as the band and everyone else watched the developing ruckus. A crowd of people gathered in a circle around us.
Dave retreated again, and Darryl he stepped forward to pursue him. What happened next occurred to quickly that I only saw the result. Darryl turned upside down and landed on the floor head first. The sickening clunk of his head hitting the wood echoed throughout the ballroom. Darryl didn't even moan, he lay there as limp as a wash cloth.
I turned and looked for Darryl's buddy to tell him that Darryl was down. Instead I saw Dr. Wantanabi laying on the floor with a drink spilled all over her. Not far from her was Darryl's buddy. He was rolling around on the floor holding his knee in such pain that he was crying.
I ran over and helped Dr. Wantanabi up. "Are you okay?"
She flashed me a quick smile. "Never better. When the police come, I will tell them that he pushed me out of the way," she pointed to the moaning moron on the floor, " and I think he tripped over my feet as I fell down. I poured the drink on me to make it look like an accident. Tell the police you only met me tonight."
Dr. Hart took her back to the table so she could sit down. A couple nursing school staff attended to Darryl and his whimpering buddy. I grabbed Dave's arm.
"What happened?"
Dave shook his head and gave me a bewildered look. "I don't know. One second he looked like he was ready to punch me, and the next he was laying on the floor. All I can think of is that the tripped."
The police arrived, and took control of the scene. They called ambulances and soon EMT's and gurneys were everywhere.
Dave and I sat at a table well away from Dr's. Hart and Wantanabi. Both David and my advisor wanted it that way. I was beginning to suspect that something was going on, but hadn't a clue what it was.
The cop who wrote up the report seemed skeptical also, and I guess that made sense. Two hulking athletes lay injured on the floor and the last two people to touch them were a tiny Japanese lady and a grad student.
He worked from person to person taking notes and asking questions.
"Now tell me what happened." He ordered Dave.
"He kept pushing me, and I kept backing up. I never touched him. The only thing I can think of is that he somehow tripped.
The cop wasn't satisfied. "Are you some kind of kung fu black belt?"
Dave shook his head. "I don't know the first thing about kung fu," He answered truthfully.
Suddenly, what happened was beginning to make sense. Dave has somehow used judo on him without anyone seeing.
The cop looked unhappy.
"All I did was hold up my hands and try to back away. You can ask anyone here if you don't believe me." Dave looked like a wide eyed innocent choir boy. I was beginning to enjoy the little story he was acting out in front of me.
He nodded. "I intend to interview everyone." He studied Dave's face to see if that thought bother him. It didn't. "Now tell me what happened to the guy who tried to circle around you."
"I don't know. When I looked around, he was laying on the floor and so was that lady sitting in the chair over there." He pointed out Dr. Wantanabi. Again, I wondered why he implied that she was a stranger. Whatever was going on, I would go along with them.
The cop questioned me next. I supported Dave's story and also mentioned that I had reported Darryl for harassing me. I gave the cop Darryl's name, and it came back that he had over fifty unpaid parking tickets, and another drunk and disorderly complaint.
Dr. Wantanabi handled the questioning masterfully putting on the best fragile, little old lady performance I have ever seen. She claimed in a thick Japanese accent I had never heard before that her back hurt and she needed to see her chiropractor in the morning. She also gushed all over the officer telling him how she respected the vital job that he did and that we were all safer because of him. The fact that every faculty person stood squarely behind Dr. Wantanabi and nodded their heads to everything she said helped.
The police officer left convinced that he had identified the bad guys and would inform them in their hospital beds.
The band struck up a melody and soon the attack was an unpleasant incident in an otherwise lovely night. I spent as much time as I could in the arms of my man. I did notice a small tremor in his hands. He was more affected by events than he was letting on. When the party wound down, Dave and I walked arm in arm across the campus to our building. We talked about the fine weather, the lovely dinner, and everything except about what happened.
When we got back to my apartment, I turned, "Tell me what you and Dr. Wantanabi did."
"If I told you, I'd have to kill you," he said with a grin.
"What a shame. I was thinking that it was way too warm to stay in this dress." I ran my hand up and down the shoulder strap holding it up.
Dave caught the hint. "There are a couple things I could tell you."
"Like what?" I innocently rubbed my breasts against his chest.
"While everyone was looking what Darryl and I were doing with our hands, I swept his foot. I kicked it out from under him as he was setting it on the floor. Since I wasn't holding his lapels to ease his way to the floor, he went over head first and knocked himself out."
He unzipped the back of my dress for me, and I let it drop to the floor.
"What else can you tell me, big boy?" I snapped his cummerbund, and gave him a long passionate kiss.
"Dr. Wantanabi, took out the guy trying to get behind me, she side kicked him in his knee. Probably snapped a ligment. That's why he was laying on the floor. It's a ju jitsu move."
I reached behind and unsnapped my bra. I slid it down my arms and dropped it atop the dress. Next I stroked his hardening cock through his pants.
"When did you plan this? And how did you know that Darryl would be at the dance?"
"We didn't plan it exactly. After Darryl tried to throw a shoulder into me on the sidewalk, I went to sensei and asked her for help. She showed me some really nasty moves that I didn't have to use. A foot sweep is the very first throw they teach you."
"I'm finding it hard to keep my train of thought." He tapped his finger to his temple like he had a sudden idea, "I know, let's talk about you."
I sashayed around behind him and pulled his jacket from his shoulders.
"You're wearing too much stuff. Let's get this cummerbund and pants off you."
I hung his jacket over the chair, then began pulling the studs to open his shirt.
He reached up to loosen his tie.
"Leave the tie," I pushed his hands away, "I've never made love to a man wearing a tie."
I pulled the shirt off him, threw it on the chair with his pants and cummerbund and returned to pull down his briefs. I picked up the pace; this was taking way too long.
When I had stripped him, I grabbed the tie and pulled him over to the bed.
"For defending my honor tonight," I clasped my hands and held them to my cheek fluttering my eyelids, "but really for staying beside me through all the Darryl incidents, I'm giving you free rein over what you want us to do tonight. I'm your plaything, big guy."
I lay on the bed looking as seductive as I could lazily stroking my breasts.
He sat down next to me and ran the back of his fingers along my cheek. That little tremor was still there.
"Could we cuddle for a while? I know it's not macho, but I want to lay here with you in my arms. We can negotiate later on, but right now I want you to lay on your side with your arm across my chest and your leg across my thighs. If you gave me a kiss every now and then, that would be nice."
He laid on his back and I cuddled in next to him.
"I was scared to death tonight," he whispered, "the only thing that kept me there was I had to protect the woman I love."
"I love you, too." I whispered as I kissed his cheek. "Now relax. Let me take care of you."