My wife Elena is a smoke show and I'm not the only one who thinks that! She's been a dancer and a fitness girl all her life, and her Latina heritage blessed her with sexy petite curves, perfect perky breasts, and a gorgeous face with bright blue eyes. People often turn their heads when she enters a room, whether it's at the gym, at a bar, dining in a restaurant, or even at the supermarket.
I'm sure guys would be surprised to learn about our secret life, which would intrigue them further. The secret is that I love to watch Elena have sex with other muscular hung guys. It's a huge turn-on for both of us and we are very addicted to it.
We have been engaging in this lifestyle for over seven years, seeking connections on platforms like Tinder and various lifestyle websites. Because of her looks, finding suitable studs has never been a problem. And along the way, we have encountered a few exceptional friends who love to join us on a regular basis.
Normally, these connections are just one night affairs, particularly during our trips to places like Miami, Las Vegas, and Cancun. But if the chemistry is good and there is a strong attraction, we're happy to reconnect selectively with local studs. It's a huge benefit to have guys we can call up to come to our house on a moment's notice for hot erotic fun whenever Elena and I are in the mood.
Typically I start by watching and taking pics and video clips of her receiving or giving pleasure. But eventually, I always join in on the fun. My biggest turn-on is to enjoy her after another guy has cum all over her. If we trust the guy, we sometimes even let them cum inside her so I can enjoy the sensation of sloppy wet seconds.
Several years ago, we received an unusual reply to one of our online ads. It came from an older gentleman named Jim and we decided to give it a try. While he was not muscular nor equipped like most of our other hookups, Jim has turned out to be a generous man whose only interest is to watch us perform while he pleases himself. We had tried this a few times, and it was fun, but it just didn't compare to the fun we enjoy when playing with a dominant hung muscular bull.
However, Jim has continued to increase his offers, taking us out to nice restaurants and cocktail lounges and hosting us in amazing hotel suites. He also enjoys buying Elena expensive sexy outfits and lingerie, high heels, and thigh high spiked heel boots for her to wear while I take photos or to enjoy when I'm screwing her while Jim watches.
Jim is a nice guy and he is fun to socialize with but we finally had to break some news to him. Elena and I really crave connections with younger, gym-toned guys, and she was growing tired of having only these solely exhibitionist encounters. That's when Jim made another great suggestion: he wanted to help us find other guys to join us and he offered to continue hosting us as he had done before. This time with the added benefit of having another stud join us in while Jim still gets to watch. Elena was uncertain about this whole idea, but after the first encounter, she became hooked.
Jim clearly understood our preferences and he started sending me pictures of guys he recruited from the internet or wherever he found them. I always screen them carefully because I know the type of guy she prefers and I also have a preference on the type of guy I liked to watch her with. We didn't show her any photos in advance so it would be a surprise for her. Fortunately, she trusted our judgment.
The first time we connected, was with an amazing 28-year-old clean-cut black guy named Reggie. And he became a regular. Reggie is a classy guy and always dresses well in slacks and a button-up dress shirt. He is an athlete with the physique of a football player. She loves his perfect, smooth, gym-toned body, and his cock is probably as big as she has ever had in our previous hookups. I knew from the first time I saw him that he would be a perfect match for Elena and the perfect guy for Tim and I to watch as he performed with her.
On our first meetup, we arrived at a downtown hotel suite arranged by Tim. He and Reggie were already waiting for us in the spacious room and they were drinking wine while sitting on a sectional couch on one side of the room. Elena wore a sexy short little black dress with spaghetti straps that clung tight to her perfect petite body. She wore some sexy silver high-heeled open-toed shoes. Her long wavy beautiful hair was styled and her makeup was applied perfectly. She looked gorgeous and was more than prepared to give and get pleasure from a new stud tonight. At first sight, I could tell that the chemistry between Reggie and my wife was immediate, but we took it slow. We enjoyed a bottle of wine, got to know each other, and let the sexual tension grow. The anticipation was killing me! I could hardly wait to watch him fuck her!
Finally, Elena got up and walked over to look out of the floor-to-ceiling window. The view of the city lights was lovely from this room on the top floor of the hotel. Reggie eventually got the hint and he set down his glass of wine and slowly came up behind her. He grabbed her gently by the waist, and began nibbling on the back of her neck. She absolutely melted.The perfect song was playing, and Tim dimmed some of the lights to set the mood.
Elena was swaying to the music and she started to grind up against Reggie very seductively. She put her hands up on the glass and bent over slightly. She was really into it, moaning softly as she rubbed her ass gently against his obvious growing bulge. After a minute or two of this, he hiked up her dress just enough to expose her ass and reveal her tiny thong. Then he reached up and lowered the thin straps on her dress over her shoulders and spun her around so she was facing him. Her beautiful breasts were fully exposed, and he cupped one of them in his hand and began kissing her deeply and passionately. He reached behind her with his other hand to squeeze her ass cheek and pull her closely against him.
My cock had grown rock hard now and I looked over to see that Tim had pulled out his own cock out and was working a slow stroke on himself. We smiled at each other and he gave me a thumbs up sign.
Elena eventually moved down onto her knees and slowly unzipped Reggie's pants while looking up into his eyes. She released his gorgeous big black cock and began to work on him expertly. He reached down to gently take a handful of her hair and he pulled it up into a bunch to keep it out of her face. He slowly moved his shaft in and out of her waiting mouth as far as she could take him. She struggled with his size and she pulled it out occasionally to kiss it and lick it up and down like a perfect cock whore. Reggie moaned with pleasure as she teased and played with his cock.
He grabbed his massive tool and placed it against her entire face and forehead while she sucked his balls. He gently slapped and slid his tool across her face, getting it all wet and slippery.
I couldn't resist any more so I unzipped and dropped my pants to the floor so I could fully stroke myself while watching this amazing performance. I looked Tim on the couch and saw that he was hard. He was massaging his balls with one hand while stroking himself with the other. I noticed him take a small clear bottle of lube from the table next to him and saw him drizzle it on his cock and balls. I moved over to him and he squirted some on my hand so I could lube myself up and stroke smoothly. I had to stop once in a while to keep from shooting my load.
Reggie lifted Elaine up to her feet and carried her over to the edge of the bed. He gently laid her down and then he stripped himself naked. He knelt down on the floor next to her and he slid her short dress up so that it laid in a little bunch around her tummy just above her belly button and below her breasts. The table lamp next to the bed illuminated the action in front of us perfectly. I watched him spread open her legs and pull her tiny pink thong to one side. Then he began to lick, suck, and flick away at her pussy.
She arched her bare breasts into the air and you could tell she was thoroughly enjoying the attention she received as she wiggled and moaned. She placed one hand on his head to pull him into her closer. He continued to work on her for quite a while until she begged for him to fuck her.
He slid her to the middle of the bed and then positioned himself on his knees in front of her. He seemed so ready to slide into her. But he took his time, knowing that she would appreciate the teasing and the deliberate slow pace rather than just plunging his meat deep into her. As he slowly teased her pussy with the head of his cock, she went crazy.
She was squealing now and begged him to fuck her. He smiled and teased her a little bit longer before he finally slid in. She was dripping wet now and so ready and she took his huge cock inside of her easily. He grabbed her by the wrists and pinned her down with his arms over her head. Then he leaned down and they kissed each other passionately and deeply. And less than a minute later she exploded with her first orgasm, squealing, moaning, and twisting with delight. He met her pulsating with a series of thrusts and her whole body shook and her tits jiggled as his balls slapped firmly against her ass.
They looked so damn sexy together. Tim and I were both] jacking like crazy and again I had to let go of my cock to keep me from exploding. I already had pre-cum leaking out. But I wanted to enjoy this longer before I did a full release.
Reggie proceeded to manipulate and copulate with Elena in different positions. He grabbed her by the ankles with her on her back looking up at him as he thrusted inside of her while her tits bounced away. Then he moved into a spoon position and wrapped his hands around her tits. This gave us a perfect view of the whole length of his cock moving in and out of her. He would pull out occasionally and then slide back in.
Then he lifted her up onto her hands and knees and rode her doggy style before squatting onto her ass in a high straddle position while he grabbed her by the hair and pulled firmly. It gave us a perfect view of his balls slapping up against her. It seemed a little rough but she was not complaining and seemed to enjoy being dominated this way by Reggie. After a while he pushed her face down into the bed and pressed her down by the shoulders and firmly bounced up and down on her firm ass. She was really getting fucked good by him and was loving it.
Reggie was fully aware that Tim and I were enjoying the show, and he performed like a pro. Especially after I took my phone out to take photos and video clips. I wanted to capture every moment for future enjoyment. Reggie really seemed to enjoy having me film him bang my wife as if he owned her. I did a pretty good job of getting all the angles of the action. Especially of his cock sliding in and out of her. But mostly capturing their gorgeous wet bodies moving and grinding away on each other.
After what seemed like 15-20 minutes of this, Reggie got off the bed and stood up. I thought he needed a rest as his face and body was dripping with sweat. But then he reached down, and cupped his hands under Elena's ass and lifted her up from the bed without her heels ever touching the floor. She wrapped her hands around his neck and pulled in close against his sweaty body. Her legs and ankles dangled in the air behind him as he slowly lifted her up and then lowered down onto his huge cock. He was into her as deep as he could go.
As I recorded all of this action from different angles, I heard a moan coming from behind me and turned around to watch Tim shoot a nice big load over his own belly. It was probably the loudest sound that I had ever heard him make in all of our previous encounters. He was smiling and looked quite satisfied.
Finally Reggie lowered Elena so that her heels were back on the ground and then he gently pushed her down onto her knees. Her face, tits, and tummy were soaked in his sweat. He moved close to her and began to stroke his stiff cock right over her face and occasionally rub it on her cheeks and forehead. Elena looked up at him with those beautiful eyes and a seductive smile while he looked down at her as his sweat dripped from his face onto hers.
She teased him and encouraged him to unload himself. Finally he released the mother of all cumshots. One of the biggest that I have ever seen. Streams of his seed landed on her forehead, down her cheeks, and across her nose and some of it into her hair. She also opened her mouth to accept a few squirts on her tongue. I had never seen so much cum pump out of a cock except in a couple of porn clips. He just kept cumming and cumming and howling away as he did. It was dripping down her face along with the sweat and onto her tits and neck and all the way down to her tummy. It was an erotically sexy mess!
Finally, he finished unloading and Elena looked up at me with those sexy eyes. Sweat and streams of cum drenched her face and body. She giggled knowing that she was responsible for milking out the most extreme load she had ever received in her life! She was surprised by the quantity but I could see that she was excited that this stud had come so hard for her.
I moved over to her, picked her up off the floor, and tossed her onto the bed. I climbed up between her legs and looked down at her gorgeous wet body all covered with cum. Her wet dress was still bunched up in a strip below her slippery tits. She could barely see out of her eyes but she knew that this was it was all about for me and what I had been patiently waiting for. I knew that I would not last long after seeing her just get fucked so good and how he had used her body like a toy.
I slid my rock hard lubed cock easily into her dripping wet pussy. It felt like smooth butter. I
looked down at that gorgeous cum covered face. The sight of another man's seed dripping down her forehead, cheeks, and chin made me crazy. Every part of her was covered with his seed and sweat.
I told her how sexy she looked and that I was proud of her. We twisted and grinded against each other and it didn't take long before she launched into her second orgasm of the night. Squirming and squealing beautifully and breathing heavily. Then I laid down on her body and slid my chest all over her wet juicy tits. I could smell his testosterone infused sweat and used his cum like a lube to slide against her. She rubbed her wet gooey face against mine and I could feel all that wetness dripping down my cheeks.
I kissed her deeply and then let out a loud howl as I pumped half of my load inside of her before rising to my knees to pull out and to release what I had left onto her tummy. My body was shaking and I could feel my heart beating out of my chest. Then finally, I fell down beside her exhausted. It was pretty kinky that I could even taste his cum.
Here we were in this nice upscale hotel room, the four of us completely spent and satisfied. Dim lights and soft music was playing and all of us were breathing heavily. Reggie and Tim were talking about how beautiful and sexy Elena was and what an amazing performance she had just given for the benefit of all of us. It was an amazing night.
Reggie, was a gentleman and he retrieved a towel from the bathroom and started to wipe down Elena until I stopped him. I first wanted to get my phone and take a few pictures of her beautiful wet, cum covered face and body. Her makeup was running down her face. She looked like the sexiest little whore. She giggled and we all laughed about how much seed and sweat covered her. It was impressive and I took no less than a dozen photos.
Reggie then gently wiped down Elena and he kissed her deeply after he finished cleaning her. Reggie and I laid down on the bed with Elena between us. Elena leaned over to briefly suck and slurp the remaining juices off of Reggie's cock to clean him up and show to her appreciation for the way he had just serviced her.
We returned to drinking wine and socialized for a while. And about 30 minutes later, Elena announced that she wanted to fuck again. So we watched her and Reggie go at it again. This time, they played on the couch while Tim and I took positions on some plush chairs directly in front of them. Elena had taken her dress off and was completely naked except for those hot silver high heels. She started by sucking on Reggie's cock and then got up on her knees on the couch so Reggie could enter her from behind. I have to admit, he had a fantastic ass and he had some great moves as he grinded against her with his cock deep inside. He playfully spanked her ass as they both moved and swayed to the music.
We continued our fun until almost three o'clock in the morning before Reggie and Tim finally left. Elena and I stayed in the room and quickly fell asleep on the bed. But then she woke me up at 6am and wanted me to fuck her again. She was still so worked up and horny for more. It was a huge turnon to have sex on this bed with the smell of Reggie and Elena's juices on the wet sheets.
It was an incredible night. Probably our favorite encounter so far. But it was just the first of several adventures that Tim arranged for us later on. Some of them included Reggie and some included new guys and more great adventures that Tim organized for us.