Tina used to be a shy little thing. Growing up in a small town surrounded by big adults who judged and spoke harshly to her at every turn, she retreated into herself. She took pleasure in doing the simpler things in life, solo. She read books, created art, and watched movies by herself. She learned how to be okay in her solitude and find joy in the little corner of the world she carved out for herself in a bedroom at her mother's house.
Tina loved the way she looked in the mirror. She understood she was beautiful by normal standards. In the mirror, she saw a tall woman of athletic build. Her large boobs are round and supple. She had an ass like no other. Her tanned skin glistened in the light.
After suffering through the awkward years of her early twenties completely clueless as to what she was doing or where her career was going, Tina finally settled into her skin at the age of 27. She knew who she was. She was confident. And it showed in the sway of her hips as she walked. She was mesmerizing to watch.
No one knew, or so she thought, that behind this cold, beautiful, career-driven exterior, was a vixen driven by sex and danger.
Tina loved sex. She loved sex with men. She loved sex with women. It was impossible to choose. She wanted everyone. Luckily, it was easy for her to lure men and women alike in with her charm and beauty. She can be pretty damn seductive when she wanted. On a day she was feeling particularly frisky, Tina would don her slinkiest dress that resembles closely to lingerie and the highest of heels to accentuate the way her bum moved as she walked. Uplifted by the stares of hunger in the gazes of the many who watched her, she would grow bold, Asking point blank if whoever she wanted would fuck her senseless. It was always a yes. It didn't matter if they were married, heartbroken, or a fucking dinosaur.
On one particular Tuesday, while Tina was sitting in the office as the clock ticked closer to the end of the work day, Tina sat thinking. She craved attention. She wanted to be tied up and submissive laying her fate in a mistress who would instruct men to degrade her and fuck her utterly senseless. Just the thought of her fantasy turned her on. Forgetting where she was, Her fingers drifted down her body as she imagined being pummelled with dick all around her. She felt her wetness as she circled her clit with her fingers, whimpering softly as she pleasured herself. She never wore panties. It just gets in the way. Without thinking, her other hand pulled down the front of her dress exposing her breasts as she palmed and squeezed her nipples. The cool air from the vents in the office made her nipples hard, intensifying her arousal.
Her eyes snapped open from reverie when she heard footsteps approaching. Before she could make herself look decent she made eye contact with Ben, who was definitely not making eye contact with her in return. His eyes roved over her big boobs, framed by her dress gorgeously. Her engorged areoles were suckable. He drooled at the thought of wrapping his tongue around her pretty erect nipples. Just the sight of her made his dick stand and pay attention. He walked up to her and swirled her office chair around to face him.
"Looking for a fuck Tina?" Ben said.
Tina face shot bright red but nodded anyway. Anything to relieve the sexual tension building inside of her.
Ben grabbed Tina by her tits, starting his assault on her beautiful big boobs. He squeezed and slapped her tits, loving the way they jiggled and felt in his hands. Her tits were soft and her nipples hard. He took both her nipples between his thumb and index finger and rolled them before squeezing them hard, earning moans and cries of pleasure from Tina. She fucking loved having her tits toyed with.
In one swift move, Ben lifted Tina by her juicy ass and deposited her onto her office table in front of her, displaying her big tits to all in the office to ogle.
He continued his assault on her boobs with his hands, squeezing, thumbing her nipple while he brought his head down to take her nipple into his mouth nursing strongly. With great skill, he licked and sucked and gently ran his teeth along her nipples till she squirmed in ecstasy. Once he was satisfied he moved over to her other boob lest it felt left out. The cool air conditioning blowing on her now wet nipple made it stand more to attention. Tina's pussy was soaking wet with the evidence of her pleasure and need.
The others in the office watched the show as Ben deliciously made love with his hands and mouth to Tina's amazing tits. They stood, hands on their dicks jerking off to the sight of her incredibly fuckable tits.
John, the admin officer came forward. Palm out, he began to slip his hand underneath the silky cloth of Tina's skirt. Tina moaned in pleasure and approval as her wildest fantasy unraveled in front of her.
"Sexy slut" John said as he discovers Tina's lack of underwear under her dress. He ripped open the side of her fragile dress enlightening everyone's view of her pussy. Her pussy was drenched wet over documents no one cared for at the moment. He stuffed two fingers into her vagina going faster and harder as Tina's body rocked with sensation.
Tina screamed as her body rocked with orgasm. John's fingers circled her clit, causing the aftermath of her orgasm to ripple through her body still. Grinning with satisfaction, he lowered his head to wrap his tongue around her nipple, stroking and licking strongly even as Ben had her other tit in his mouth. Tina felt like she was in heaven.
And then in came her boss, Lydia, through the clear glass doors of the massive room. She heard from security that something intriguing was happening in the office according to the surveillance cameras and came to check.
Lydia was one hot lady. She always wore black, skin-tight tops that showed off her beautiful cleavage wondrously. She wore leather pants and rocked a fashionable blonde bob.
Lydia could not believe her eyes as she caught the arousing sight of Tina in the throes of passion with two men sucking on each of her tits. She walked up to join the fun, sensing her opportunity to finally put her hands on Tina's glorious body. Her spiked high heels clacked on the floor.
Without a word she fused mouths with Tina, kissing her deeply and thoroughly. She tongued and explored Tina's mouth, elated at her chance to.
Tina melted into Lydia's kiss. Arms above her head, she surrendered to the pleasures that were being inflicted on her. Content on being the receiving end of all this pleasure. Lydia, sensing her submission, roamed her hands all over her body. Feeling her soft smooth skin, raises goosebumps on the sensitive skin around her back.
Tina felt a hard spank right on her clit, inducing a scream of pleasure. "Yes spank my pussy please" she whined. Lydia indulged. Spanking her again and again. She alternated spanks with rubbing her clit, sending Tina into ecstasy.
"Coming at work is so much fun," Tina said as she reached for Lydia for another kiss.