"Amazing," Al thought, "how beautiful she looks simply lying there all wet and messy." A dollop of pearly fluid oozed from Vickie's swollen nether lips, slowly slid over her crack, and puddle on the sheet below her lazily spread thighs.
It was a quarter past two in the morning when Al rolled from Vickie's clutches to lie next to his now inert wife. A couple of minutes passed as the couple regained their wits. It had been an eventful evening. More so, because it had been so long in process.
Vickie moved on the bed, feeling the stickiness that temporarily glued the sheet to her soft bottom. "Yikes, I'm so messy," she exclaimed as she rolled off the bed and, cupping her hand between her smooth legs, she waddled to the bathroom. Al was still staring up at the ceiling and reliving the past nine hours.
Al and Vickie arrived at Kathy and Bill's home around five the previous afternoon. It had been a spur of the moment invitation during one of their infrequent telephone conversations. Kathy called to chat with Vickie and catch up on each other's activities. Al, sitting in an easy chair nearby could hear Vickie's side of the conversation. Near the end of the call, he could sense that Vickie was hesitating as she replied to Kathy.
"I don't know, we have so much to do here," Vickie replied into the phone. "Well, you know we'd love to see you two, but..." she added.
Kathy must have said something amusing, because Vickie laughed aloud, adding, "You're a devil, you know that?" There was a long silence, during which Vickie sat and listened, nodding now and then.
"Oh, what the hell, why not?" Vickie finally exclaimed. "We could sure use a change of pace. So, yes, we can come next weekend, I guess. Let me just check with Al."
Vickie turned to her husband with her hand over the phone. "They want us to visit next weekend. You know what they probably have in mind. So, do you want to go or not?"
Frankly, Al was shocked to hear the excitement in his wife's voice. They had been friends with Kathy and Bill for a long time. The four had partied together and the wives had teased the men unmercifully, wearing revealing outfits, dancing close, and tempting their willpower. Bill had finally confessed that he and Kathy were occasional swingers. It was obvious that Bill and Kathy were attempting to seduce them, but had never applied any real pressure. Now, Kathy's invitation for a weekend visit carried an unspoken, yet unmistakable message. Vickie and Kathy were good friends but Vickie had a hard time fully accepting Bill since she sometimes felt he mistreated Kathy. Now, for the first time, Vickie appeared ready to try a weekend visit.
Al looked over at his attractive mate. An image of Vickie naked on her hands and knees with Bill's thick prick poised at her aroused yet vacant vagina flashed across his mind. That image was quickly replaced by another of Kathy's blonde head Bobbing up and down as her lips moved on his erect cock. The hair on the back of Al's neck stood up and he felt a shiver travel down his spine. The fantasy that he had dreamed so many times might actually happen and his throat went dry as he tried to reply.
"Uh, no other real plans," he mumbled hoarsely, so I guess we could go if you want to."
Vickie uncovered the phone and a smile crossed her pretty face. "Al said okay, so we'll accept your invite. We can probably be at your place by late Friday afternoon. Is that all right?"
The call lasted another couple of minutes as the two women discussed meal plans and what to bring. By the time she put the phone down, Vickie was giggling. "Kathy said to pack at least one sexy black dress. They want to take us to a new hot spot next Saturday night," she divulged. "Sounds like a fun weekend, huh?"
"It's always interesting when we're together with those two. I have a feeling that old Bill has some naughty designs on you. Are you prepared for that, honey?"
Vickie moved to her husband, leaned over and kissed him tenderly. "Maybe Bill's over his fixation on my tits, but if you are right, are you going to be okay with a bit of fun and games? I know that Kathy is going to try to get to you, so if you are uncomfortable at all, I'll call her back and cancel."
Al hesitated for a moment, trying to determine the proper response to his wife's challenge. He put his arm around her and softly patted her soft rear. "Let's just see how it goes once we get there. They may just want to fool around like we've done before. You know, you and Kathy really enjoy teasing us with your revealing outfits. Maybe that will be as far as it goes. That's fine, because we get so aroused, our bedroom time is always terrific."
"Kathy mentioned that they have a hot tub and she was anxious for us to join them for a soak," Vickie countered. "You know what that might lead to late at night."
"Well, we're good friends with them, so that won't be such a big deal, will it?"
Vickie relented. "Probably not, I was glad to hear that Bill has been very loving and attentive toward Kathy for a long time now. She thinks he's learned that being domineering and rude turns people off. She told me he's like a different personality and she's loving it."
"I'm glad to hear that," Al responded seriously. "I know that bothered you. It bothered me too. Kathy is such a sweetheart, and he needs to appreciate what a gem he has there."
"Yes, Kathy's a beautiful and vivacious gal. I don't blame you for showing her some extra attention," Vickie confessed. "She is younger and still has a firm and amazing body."
"So do you, babe," Al quickly replied. "I know Bill simply drools over you every time he's around. It makes me proud to be your husband and lover."
Vickie moved onto Al's lap and planted a wet kiss on his lips. His hand moved to her soft breast and squeezed gently. "Let's shower together and retire early," he suggested with a sly grin.
>>>>2
"You're right on time," Bill barked as he shook Al's hand on Friday afternoon. "Let me help you with your things. I have a pitcher of margaritas ready so we can celebrate the stAl of our weekend."
Bill and Al carried bags into the spacious guest room. Vickie met Kathy in the kitchen and put appetizers in the refrigerator. The two women hugged and kissed cheeks in greeting.
"I'm so glad you agreed to join us," Kathy gushed. "We'll have a great time, you'll see."
Vickie smiled, "I brought my briefest black dress with spaghetti straps," she told her hostess. "Where are we going tomorrow?"
"It's a new club, not too far from here. Great music, low lights, strong drinks, and a very casual atmosphere," Kathy replied. "You will have fun dancing and being fancy free."
"Al and I can both use a break," Vickie admitted. "We've been in a pressure cooker for the past few months and it's taken a toll on our personal life."
"We'll quickly solve that problem! Why don't you two get comfortable and I'll tell Bill to get the drinks and goodies ready on our deck. The weather's perfect and we will get you relaxed in no time."
Al and Vickie changed into shorts and t-shirts, foregoing shoes, and headed for the deck and refreshments. As they reached the door to the deck, Al pointed to the small sign posted at eye level. It read, "Relax, at our place is attire is optional."
Vickie laughed as she read the sign. "It's just like them to make it official. We may be overdressed."
Vickie was somewhat relieved to see that Bill and Kathy were also in shorts. Bill wore a battered t-shirt and Kathy sported a cute white tube top that set off her tan and her erect nipples.
"Bill, where are your manners? Serve our guests their drinks and offer them some chips and salsa. They must be starved after their trip."
Bill hurried to comply with Kathy's order, raising Al's eyebrows by his quick action.
"Why, thank you Bill," Vickie cooed as Bill sat a frosty margarita on the deck table beside her. Al saw her smile at their host as he surveyed the swells now covered only by a thin shirt.
"Let's have a toast to our weekend," Kathy suggested. "I'm sure you will find it worth the trip."
They raised their glasses and clinked. Al looked into Kathy's eyes and thought he saw a strange twinkle as she tipped her glass for a sip.
"You know what we need? We need some music, Bill," Kathy said.
Bill rose quickly and went into the house to turn on the stereo and switch on the deck speakers.
"Bill certainly is attentive these days," Vickie commented after he had left the table. "What's up, Kathy?"
Kathy smiled slyly. "You are very perceptive, Vickie. Believe it or not, we recently discovered that Bill has a submissive facet to his personality. He's the boss at his office during the day, but he's found that he enjoys being much more subservient here at home. By the same token, I've learned that I can be rather dominant when I know it is appropriate. You'll no doubt see our role reversal more as the weekend unfolds."
"How did it happen?" Al asked quietly.
"We went to the club one Saturday and ran into a very attractive couple. It turned out that he was the submissive one. Later, here at home, we did some experimenting and found that it solved some difficulties for us. So, now you know, but don't let on just yet, okay?"
"As you wish," Vickie replied. "I think this could be very interesting, don't you honey?"
Al nodded, keeping his own thoughts as he contemplated what Kathy had divulged.
"How's the volume?" Bill asked as he returned to the deck. The music was perfect, so that they could still talk while listening.
"That's nice, dear," Kathy purred sweetly. "The music makes me want to do a little dancing."
After several rounds of drinks and a lot more conversation, the initial tentativeness was gone and the group was chatting and laughing freely.
"Our new club has great music," Kathy volunteered. "They even have a shiny pole in one corner of the dance floor. I've learned how to use the pole and perform for the audience."
"That I'd like to see," Al barked to the other's laughter. Vickie poked his arm playfully.
"I just do it to tease poor Bill," Kathy confessed. "I use this pole at the corner of the deck."
Al noticed the pole and grinned. "Are you going to give us a show?"
Kathy grinned and sipped her drink. I might if Vickie agrees to try it too. But there are some rules."
"Sounds very sexy," Vickie admitted. "Do you wrap yourself around the pole, or do you climb on it?"
"A little of both, I guess. It can be rather arousing to hold something so long and round."
Al found his voice. "Wait, you mentioned something about rules. What's that about?"
Now, it was Kathy's turn to be coy. "You can only watch if you are restrained," she announced.
"You mean you'd tie us up?" Al asked, his eyes wide.
"Yep. It's a way to increase the arousal factor and, believe me, it does that!"
"Any other rules?" Al asked almost in a whisper.
Kathy looked over at Vickie and answered directly to her. "You must be restrained...and unclothed," she replied.
Vickie smiled at her hostess. "That sounds positively wicked, Kathy!"
"That's the only way it can work," she said. "I don't allow it any other way."
Vickie looked at both men, a serious face of some intensity. "Are you two willing to obey the rules?"
Bill nodded his head immediately. "Fine with me," he announced. "It's worth it to see the show."
Al sat wrapped in his thoughts. His wife and Kathy had laid down a challenge. Was he prepared to submit to something so debasing just to witness two women perform a pole dance?
"I'm not sure I like the idea of any kind of restraint," Al began haltingly. "It sounds a bit kinky to me."
Kathy sneered at his response. "It won't hurt at all, Al. In fact, you might be surprised at the excitement you will feel while being gently restrained. You should try everything at least once, right?"
"Come on, honey," Vickie urged. "I'll protect you, I promise. It will be fun to have Kathy teach me some of her new moves."
"Oh, all right, I guess. How bad can it be?" Al finally relented. "When do you want to do your little dance?"
Kathy clapped her hands. "We can do it right now, before anybody loses their nerve. Vickie, come help me round up the stuff we'll need."
The two women dashed into the house giggling. Al turned to Bill. "This is crazy."
Bill nodded. "Yeah, it's a little nuts, but trust me, you will find it quite refreshing to be the helpless pawn to your wife. She will surprise you and we'll be winners in the end."
Al nodded. "So, you really like being submissive around the house now?"
"It's a turn-on for both of us. It's a breath of fresh air, buddy. We are both masters of our realm at work, so it's a real change to let your wife take the reins at home. You'll see."
"I'll reserve judgment on that, but I really want to see them dance around that pole."
>>>>3
Vickie and Kathy returned to the deck carrying lengths of Velcro and some wide straps. Dropping their gear in a pile, Kathy turned to the two husbands.
"You will both be undressed now. Vickie, you can take care of Bill. I'll remove Al's things, then we'll find suitable seats for them."
Al watched his wife move directly in front of their host and begin to unbutton his shirt. His attention was drawn away by Kathy's touch on his top button. She was looking directly into his eyes as she fumbled with each button...taking her time. After removing his shirt, she unbuckled his shorts and he took a deep breath as she moved his zipper down. Kneeling, Kathy slid his shorts down his stout legs and her hands reached up to the waistband of his underwear. Her fingers felt strange as she slipped his jockey's down, exposing his semi-stiff member.
"Hello, Shorty," Kathy chuckled as she looked directly at his groin. "Step out now," she instructed.
Glancing away, Al saw his wife completing her task with their host. Bill stood stark naked in front of her and he was smiling broadly. Vickie had seen Bill nude in a hot tub before, but this seemed quite different.
"I think we will put Bill in that chair," Kathy stated. "Al might be more comfortable in this lounger," she added with a chuckle.
Al watched as Kathy and Vickie put Bill in the chair and proceeded to wrap Velcro restraints around his arms and legs, binding him to his chair. A thick strap went around his chest and he was quickly restrained, with no means of freeing himself.
"Al, you will lie on the lounger now," Kathy ordered.
He was about to hesitate when Vickie pressed her hand on his back and pushed him toward the lounger. He allowed his wife to guide him to the lounge chair and press his shoulder enough to make him sit on its side. Kathy put his legs up onto the chair and his wife pushed his chest to stretch him out there.
Al felt the Velcro straps circle his arms and legs as the two women made quick work of the restraining straps that held him onto the lounge chair. He and Bill were positioned with open views of the deck pole, but they were immobile and in anticipation of what was yet to come.
Vickie stood beside Al's inert form and leaned over to kiss him deeply. Bill got a kiss from Kathy at the same time. It was obvious that the two women had done some rehearsing while in the house.
"Turn up the music, Vickie," Kathy said. "I feel like moving with the rhythms."
As the volume increased, Kathy used her hands to caress and stroke the pole, treating it like a giant penis. Gripping the pole, she stood away from it and slowly gyrated her curvy ass and showing off her slender legs for the two men.
"Watch closely, Vickie," she told her friend. "You will be the next dancer when I'm done."
A series of sexy moves followed, with Kathy moving up and down against the pole and holding her breasts around the cool pole. She went into a squat, and then rubbed her pelvis up and down its surface. Turning away from the pole, she pointed her pelvis at the two men and licked her lips as they feasted their eyes on her now-damp shorts. Her nipples were erect and very visible through her thin tube top.
Bill's substantial cock was now stiff and standing up in his lap. He watched his wife with greedy eyes as she continued to gyrate for them. As she rubbed against the pole, her tube top began to slip down, exposing her right nipple. She looked at the men, then held her breast to her tongue and licked her own nipple.
Al felt his own cock begin to stiffen as his hostess continued to tease and indicate her interest in doing even more. Soon, his short dick was standing at attention, away from his prone form, and quite obvious. Even more embarrassing, he felt pre cum begin to leak from the end of his cock.
Both men were hoping for more from Kathy when the song ended and she tucked her exposed tit back inside her tube top. "That's all for now, boys," she teased as she walked between them, strutting and moving her slender body.
"I think they both enjoyed the show," Kathy laughed. Vickie joined in and pointed to the leakage now shining along her husband's erect member.
"The boys deserve a little relief," Kathy added. She moved to Bill's chair and quickly kissed the head of his engorged cock. Vickie picked up on the suggestion and put Al's creamy dick between her lips and sucked cum from the head.
Kathy poured herself another drink and filled Vickie's glass also. "Now that I have their attention, why don't you show our men what you can do with some music and a stiff pole...and believe me, the pun is very much intended."
Vickie gulped her drink and surveyed the two naked men before her. "They can't touch me or abuse me, so I'm free to let myself go," Vickie thought as she watched both men's cocks twitch with anticipation. She was determined not to be outdone by her younger friend.
"Start the music," Vickie told Kathy, as she slowly strutted over to the smooth pole.
The first song had a provocative beat and Vickie felt herself flush with pent-up lust as she used the pole to support her as she enticingly moved her ample ass toward the two husbands.
Kathy kept the music going, shifting the next song to "Taking Care of Business," a favorite stripper tune. The sexy music had the right effect on Vickie. Her dancing became more sensual and she hugged the cool pole between her torpedo-shaped breasts. A minute into the lengthy song, Vickie looked at the two bound men and licked her lips. As they ogled her, Vickie unbuttoned her blouse and shrugged it off, exposing her flimsy bra and showing the size and color of her nipples.
The cool hardness of the thick pole slid between her twin globes and she moved up and down, feeling the smoothness tug at her almost transparent bra cups. Al's cock pulsed at the sight of his hot wife performing almost obscenely and using the pole as a substitute penis. He realized that their host and hostess were also staring at his wife, watching her actions with growing arousal. Their being there enhanced the euphoric feeling in his loins.
As the song continued, Vickie moved even closer and began to rub her pubic mound against the steel pole. She rubbed in short, frantic moves a few times then seemed to grow frustrated. She detached from the pole temporarily and reached for the zipper of her shorts. In an instant, her shorts fell to her feet and she stepped out of them, leaving her in nearly transparent panties and her bra. Al groaned as he saw his wife openly exposing herself.
Vickie returned to the pole and let the smooth surface massage her mound, and alternately slide between her soft tits. Her eyes closed and she seemed to be making love to the inert column as the music pounded in her head.
The song finally ended. Vickie slid slowly down the pole and sprawled on the floor, legs akimbo, eyes closed, a smile on her face.
Al was close enough to spot the obvious wet spot between his wife's open legs. He knew that she had enjoyed a strong orgasm at some point near the end of her act.
Kathy knelt next to her friend and stroked her thigh lovingly. "That was amazing, Vickie," she cooed. "I need to take some lessons from you." With that, she helped Vickie to her feet and the turned to gaze at their two men, looking very pathetic being naked with hard cocks attesting to the sensuality of the women's performances.
"Do you think we should give our men some relief?" Kathy asked with a grin.
Al again felt his member surge and throb as he contemplated Kathy's suggestion. "Would this be how he finally got to feel Kathy's warm tunnel engulf him? Would Bill finally get to explore Vickie's love nest?" As he lay thinking, incapable of responding, the two women walked to his lounger and looked down on him.
Kathy smiled coyly and put her hand on his wife's shoulder. "Looks like Al needs some of your tender loving care, Vickie. Why don't you make him happy while I see what I can do for my Bill. After that, I think we've all earned another drink."
For some reason, relief flooded Al's brain as he realized that he would not have to lie inert, watching his host ravage his sweet wife. He watched as Kathy went to Bill's chair and he saw her reach between his legs and begin to fondle and tease his large balls. She used her fingernail to rake upward along the back of his penis, then scrape back down to the base, toying with him and making the big man groan.
Vickie was gentle. She took Al's cock in her fingers and stroked it slowly while looking into his eyes. "Did you enjoy my show?" she whispered. "I wanted to excite you and make you proud of me."
"Oh, God, yes," Al gasped. "I didn't think I would ever get that hard again. It was hard to believe that you would do what you did."
"Do you think I showed too much?" Vickie asked, concerned.
"It's nothing we haven't seen before," Al began, "but the way you danced was so sexy and hot, I guess I wasn't prepared for that."
"I surprised myself," Vickie admitted. "When I got into the mood, I just had a hard time knowing when to stop."
As they spoke, she continued to stroke his cock and touch his balls with her fingertips. "Does that feel good to you?" she asked.
"Absolutely. Obviously, you can do anything you wish with me in my present condition," Al chuckled.
"Hey, that's right. I'll do more while I've got you strapped down," Vickie laughed. She lowered her head and licked at the head of Al's engorged prick. She could again taste the salty droplets her husband produced. Soon, she was putting most of his shaft in her mouth and feeling him throb with lust.
"I need you now!" Vickie finally stated firmly. She stood and straddled her husband's lounger. Al watched as his lovely wife pulled her sheer panties to one side and lowered her wetness onto him with little ceremony. They stayed still for many moments, reveling in the familiar feel of each other. Al glanced across the few feet where Kathy was busily sucking Bill's erect manhood. His head was thrown back and he appeared to be in ecstasy. Their side view allowed Al to observe Kathy's hand between her legs where she was fingering her own sex as she greedily sucked off her husband.
Vickie was also glancing over at the other couple, hoping that somehow her actions had gone unnoticed. That hope was quickly destroyed as her eyes met Bill's. He was watching intently and Vickie suspected that he was wishing it was his cock that she was riding so feverishly. She couldn't move her gaze from Bill's, and she continued to move up, down, back and forward on Al's solid cock. Deep inside, she seemed to know that he would get his wish before their visit came to an end. "Perhaps, this is the ultimate tease," she thought to herself as she began to move faster toward her climax.
>>>>4
After releasing the two men from their restraints, they were allowed to get dressed. Al helped Bill mix and pour another round of drinks, and the two couples sat around chatting nervously. Oddly, Vickie made no move to retrieve her blouse and shorts. Sitting coyly in her bra and thin panties helped to maintain the undercurrent of sensuality.
Dinner was late, but they all enjoyed the meal. Vickie finally donned a thin robe just before joining the others at the table. Bill poured a good red wine. The recent 'entertainment' seemed to remain in everyone's mind, but other topics arose as the meal progressed.
"I'm anxious for you to see our club," Kathy gushed. "We have so much fun every time we go. But that's not until tomorrow evening. I've planned a shopping trip for tomorrow morning and lunch at the mall," Kathy stated, looking to Vickie.
"Sounds like fun," Vickie responded. "I do need a few new things to go with my black dress."
Bill objected. "Count me out on the shopping. I'm watching the game tomorrow, starting at noon. I plan to sleep in too."
"You and Al aren't even invited," Kathy assured him. "You and Al will have to find your own way until tomorrow night. Vickie and I have some serious shopping to do."
Dinner over, Kathy assigned Bill to clearing the table. He dutifully began gathering the dishes and carrying them to the kitchen.
"You need to help out," Vickie prompted. Al rose and picked up the remaining glassware and silver, saving Bill a trip.
Vickie leaned over to Kathy. "It's nice how well you have Bill trained. He's so much nicer than the last time we were together."
"Bill's learned that he enjoys home life more when I am in charge," Kathy confided. "Earlier, you saw how docile he's become. I just have to make sure I make it worthwhile," she added with a low chuckle.
Al returned to the table. "What's for dessert?"
Kathy grinned. "How about a snifter of Cognac and a can of whipped cream to take to bed with you?" she asked with a raised eyebrow.
"Sounds like a winner," Al replied with a bark. "After this evening's show, I'm ready for an early bedtime."
>>>>5
An hour later, Al and Vickie were comfortable in the guest room down the hall from Bill and Kathy's master suite. "Hell, I thought Kathy was kidding when she said whipped cream," he told his wife as he shook the cold can in his large hand.
Vickie shook her head. "If you're planning on using that on me, you'll have to do it before long. I'm horny and you need to fix that."
Soon, both were naked and stretched out on the king-size bed. Vickie grabbed the can of cream from the nightstand. "I get to go first," she announced as she straddled Al's lower legs and began to apply the cool, white foam to her husband's erect cock.
Al watched as his wife bent toward him and slowly, ever so slowly, began to lick the sweet cream from his rigid stick. Globs slid onto his scrotum and she dutifully licked and sucked him clean.
"Oh, man," Al moaned as she rose with the sticky cream covering her lips and chin, "do that again!"
"No, no, now you have to do me," she responded as she rolled to the side, stretching out on her back.
Al shook the can and applied a large puff of cream atop his wife's pubic mound, covering her swollen slit and running a line of cool cream up the middle of her tummy, then between and around her ample breasts. He finished by covering each nipple with a dollop of cream. "I wonder if Bill is doing the same thing to Kathy at this very moment," he mused.
"You look good enough to eat," he told her with a wolfish grin.
"Get busy then," she laughed and motioned with her fingers for him to begin.
Al dove into the task with vigor. He consumed all of the whipped cream, but he took his time and Vickie became impatient.
"I need to be fucked," she told her lover. "Right now," she added with unusual urgency.
>>>>6
"See, I told you they'd use the whipped cream," Kathy whispered to Bill as they walked back to their room. They decided to risk peeking for a little while, being overwhelmed with curiosity. Bill sported a large boner and Kathy wasted no more time applying the first dab of cream from their own can to his shaft.
"I can hear them, can you?" Vickie asked as she and Al lay together after lovemaking and a shower.
"Yeah, it sounds like Bill is taking care of business alright."
Vickie smiled and pulled her husband close and giggled. "Well, I must say, Bill is certainly well-equipped for the task."
"We didn't do too badly today," Al replied a bit defensively. "You took me to heaven while I was tied up, then we both got off again a few minutes ago. Twice in just a few hours is pretty good, right?"
"Yeah, both times were great. I'm glad to know you still have it in you, because I could even do it again right now!" Then, Vickie laughed out loud. "Only kidding, my love," as she kissed him goodnight.
>>>>7
Kathy had left strict instructions for Bill before she and Vickie left to go shopping. He was to have snacks and drinks ready by 5:30. She told him that they would be thirsty when they returned from shopping, and to be prepared. She also said that he could watch sports during the day. With that, the women drove away.
"Tell me about this club we're visiting tonight," Al stated after he and Bill returned to the den.
Bill hesitated, then began, "Well, it's sort of a nightclub, with music and dancing. It has a big dance floor on the first floor and a good D.J. Of course, there is a bar and a bunch of tables all around. There's also a huge hot tub on an enclosed porch in back. Upstairs, there is another bar and some public and private rooms. We've been members for some time now. You never know what you're going to find on any given evening."
"Sounds like a swinger's club to me, if the upstairs rooms are what I think they are," Al replied.
"People can do whatever they like at the club," Bill responded. "We can go and dance and have some drinks and never go upstairs. But, you might find the whole experience quite memorable."
Al thought about his host's response. "Vickie sure surprised me last evening. I think that Kathy may have told her something about the club earlier when they were planning our visit. She's usually pretty conservative, you might say private, but last night, when she had me under her complete control, she got it on right in front of you and Kathy."
"Yeah," Bill smiled, "it was amazing to watch her ride you like that. I'll admit, I kept wishing it was me under her. She knew it too, because she was looking right into my eyes most of the time."
"I didn't know that," Al mumbled. "It seems like my wife has turned over a new leaf and has become more adventurous."
Bill chuckled. "I sure hope so, buddy. The club provides the right atmosphere for the private woman to blossom. I'm sure you will enjoy yourself. Kathy said she was going to see that you have fun, Al."
>>>>8
The men watched some ball games. Later, Al helped Bill prepare some snacks and get the bar set up as they were instructed to do. Kathy and Vickie returned just before 5:30 with several bags of purchases that were swiftly carried to the bedrooms unopened.
The couples relaxed and shared the drinks and snacks, chatting about the games, and interesting things the gals saw while moving from store to store. Time swiftly passed and it was time to get ready to leave for the club. By then, everyone felt relaxed and ready for an evening out.
Kathy appeared in a red satin dress that tended to cling to ever curve of her body. It was readily apparent that she wore nothing under her slinky sheath. Both men complimented her and Bill rose to give his wife a kiss and to caress her backside through her thin dress.
Vickie took a little longer, and Kathy went to the guest room to see what was taking so long. The men heard some low conversation, then some high-pitched giggling before Vickie finally appeared. Vickie wore her black sheath with spaghetti straps over her shoulders. Al drew in a quick breath when he noticed that his wife was also braless under her dress. Her nipples were erect and quite noticeable as she walked into the room and picked up her drink.
"Kathy talked me into it," she said before the question could be asked. "I feel kind of strange, having my boobs so loose under this little slip of a dress, but I guess it won't hurt this evening."
Al wondered if his newly adventurous wife had also omitted panties, but he decided to wait and see.
Bill was even more curious. He strolled over to the two women. Again, he hugged his wife, and then gave Vickie a brief kiss, pulling her to him so that her breasts were mashed against him. His hand strayed to the small of Vickie's back. He explored for panties. Bill smiled when he found signs of a tiny thong.
Al and Bill wore slacks and collared sport shirts. The two couples looked properly attired for a night at an adult club.
>>>>9
"Bill, you should ask Vickie to dance. You are forgetting your duties as host," Kathy prompted. "You don't mind, do you, Al?" she added as an afterthought.
"Not at all, go ahead," Al responded. "I think I owe you some dances anyway," he added as he reached for Kathy's hand.
After several dances, the couples returned to their table for another round of drinks and conversation.
"Did you see that redhead?" Vickie asked Kathy. "The top of her dress was down around her waist and the tall guy she was dancing with was holding both boobs!"
Kathy nodded. "Yeah, we've seen her hear before, but not with that fellow. She's certainly proud of her perky white titties. I think her man must be upstairs right now."
"I've been meaning to ask you what is upstairs," Vickie posed. "Have you been up there before?"
"Oh, yes," Kathy assured her, "We usually go upstairs to rest after we're done dancing."
Al chimed in on cue. "Well, I think we should stroll up there and see for ourselves, Vickie."
"Only if Kathy and Bill come with us," she replied. "They know their way around and we don't."
"Okay, let's go," Kathy agreed. "I think you will both find it interesting."
>>>>10
Vickie gasped as she peered through a one-way mirror into one of the public rooms. Four couples were scattered around the large pallet in the middle of the floor. Two couples were busy administering oral pleasure to their partners. Another woman was naked on her hands and knees, with a man holding her hips as he slid in and out. A couple on the other side were busily slowly undressing each other and fondling various body parts in preparation for more intimate activities.
Al put his meaty hands on Vickie's hips and felt her sway. "She's going to faint!" he thought for a moment. Then, she leaned back into him and he felt the warmth of her body against him. Al's hands moved up to cup her braless breasts through her thin black dress. He could feel her shallow breathing as her chest quickly moved.
"Watching them gives me the shivers," Kathy exclaimed as she moved closer to the glass. Bill stood behind her and pressed his hardening cock between the cheeks of her ass.
"Do you want to join them, or look into the other rooms?" Bill asked his attractive wife.
Kathy turned to Vickie. "Want to join them, or move on?"
"You mean there's more?" Vickie gushed. "I'm already floored."
Kathy giggled. "Well, there's one other public room, and several private rooms down the hall. Shall we take a look?"
"Yeah, let's move on," Vickie quickly replied. "I need to calm down a little."
Kathy took her friend by the hand and led her a few steps down the hallway to another open door. New sights greeted the four as they stood in the darkened area behind another one-way mirror. Two couples occupied the center of the room on a thick pad. A slender red-haired woman was on her hands and knees. A younger man behind her was sliding his rather long, thick cock into her using long, slow motions. They were sideways to the mirror, so his movements were clearly visible. The woman's long red hair hid her face, but she was obviously enjoying his ministrations.
Below the redhead, a woman had her face directly under the redhead's legs. She was licking at her as the young man fucked her. An older man with gray hair was on his belly, busily eating the second woman's bald mound.
"Oh my God," Vickie gasped, "they're all doing each other at the same time, and that woman is tasting the other gal!"
"I think they've switched too," Al added as he again held his voluptuous wife. "The older guy is eating the young gal like crazy."
As they watched, the young fellow shoved hard against the redhead and threw his head back. "There's a condom full," Bill chuckled.
Moments later, the gray-haired husband moved behind his red-haired wife and inserted his smaller member into her wet, slick pussy. The first man pulled the condom from his sticky cock and the younger woman took him in her mouth, sucking greedily.
Vickie noticed that Kathy had her hand up her dress and was certainly rubbing her own sex as she watched the frenzied action.
"They are incredibly brave. They are doing it, and they must know that others are free to come in here to watch them."
"We could join them if you like," Bill suggested quickly. "You might find that you are brave too, Vickie."
"Oh no, I could never do something like that," she replied blushing. It was dark, so nobody could see her flushed face, but Al could feel his wife shiver at the thought.
"Well, you did a pretty sexy dance last night," Al reminded her as a way to urge more conversation.
Vickie nodded. "Yeah, but that was just the four of us and I was pretty tipsy at the time."
Kathy came to her friend's rescue. "Would you be more comfortable downstairs, Vickie? I think the dance contest will be starting in a few minutes, so that may be more fun for you."
Al's hopes sank as he heard his wife say, "Uh huh, I think I've seen enough up here. Let's go back downstairs, okay?"
Returning to the dance area, Al and Bill got a new round of drinks and the four settled at a table at one end of the floor.
"There's the famous gold pole," Kathy said as she pointed a few feet away to a shiny gold firehouse pole installed toward the edge of the floor.
"What happens?" Al inquired.
"Each night, there is a contest for the sexiest dancer," Bill explained. "Actually, Kathy won the contest one night by doing a version of the dance you saw last night. It was so hot to see her wiggle her sweet little ass for the crowd."
Kathy picked up where her husband left off. "I'm going to try my luck again tonight if I get the chance. It's fun to tease all the men...and some of the women too."
"You should enter too, Vickie," Bill said, "from what I witnesses last night, you'd have a good shot at winning."
Al chimed in. "Yeah, you were sensational with the pole last night. I'd love to see you try your luck."
Vickie was still reeling from the sights upstairs. She confessed to herself that she was strongly turned on by watching those couples in such explicit positions. The dampness of her tiny thong served as a constant reminder of her lustful desires.
"Be careful what you wish for," she told Al with a poke to his ribs.
>>>>11
The announcer made his appeal at the start of the sexy dance contest. "Are all you hot women ready to strut your stuff?" he asked to a chorus of catcalls and giggles.
The D.J. began to spin some erotic dance music and one by one, women left their seats to line up for their chance to exhibit their talents. Kathy rose and smiled down at her husband. "Wish me luck, honey."
Bill kissed her and patted her on the ass as Kathy strutted to the end of the short line.
Vickie sat quietly for a few minutes and watched several of the other women dance. Some twirled around the floor. A few made use of the gold pole, but their movements were stilted and did little for their act. Two of the women flashed their boobs as their dance ended. One blond followed suit to calls for her to show more. She twirled and turned her back to the audience and pulled her dress over her back, exposing her ample ass and the backside of her hairy mound. Lots of exposure, but her show failed to completely excite the crowd.
"I could do a lot better than that," she whispered to Al as they continued to watch the parade of contestants.
"Then, why don't you?" Al replied, daring his wife. "Loosen up and give Kathy a run for her money," he added.
"You must not get angry if I do!" he responded loftily.
Al smiled. "Don't worry, babe, I think you can win their little contest. I won't be angry, but I might be very proud. You only go around once, you know."
"I'm going to do it!" Vickie stated firmly as she stood and crossed her arms over her ample bosom.
Bill beamed along with Al as they sat and waited for each wife's turn.
Kathy began to dance in the middle of the floor. She twirled and wiggled seductively. At certain points, she raised the hem of her dress to show off her slender legs. At one point, she went into a squat and those in front got a clear view of her tiny, lacy panties. As the music died, Kathy got a rousing ovation and numerous cat calls to show more. Smiling, she returned to the table and swallowed most of her drink.
"That was fun!" she told Al and her husband. "I think I did pretty good."
Before the men could respond with anything other than smiles and laughs, Vickie moved to the center of the floor. The audience, anticipating another interesting show, became quiet as the music started anew. Vickie began to move slowly, brushing her hair back and running her hands down her sleek black dress. Part of the way through the song, she remembered the pole and moved to it. The cool, round surface seemed to give her new energy as she bent away from it, displaying her curvy rear and making her black dress shimmy.
People began to respond very vocally and clapping to the music. Encouraged, Vickie stood close to the pole and put it between her breasts. She slid down on the pole while wrapping her firm tits around it. She held the pole and rubbed her mound against it as she slid up and down to the music.
"More, more!" the crowd began to chant, urging Vickie to another level of sensuality.
The arousing nature of her dance began to awake some exhibitionist traits that Vickie didn't know existed. She felt the urge to feel the pole between her bare breasts. Pausing for a moment, she pushed her spaghetti straps down and her thin dress fell to her waist, exposing her bare tits. She, then, pressed them against the pole, returning to her dance.
The audience sensed her mood and again clapped to encourage her to do even more.
"I want to do it!" Vickie thought to herself as she prepared to slip her dress off. "I want them to see."
The crowd went wild when she let her black dress slip off her hips, exposing her little thong and almost all of her womanly charms. Vickie went back to pretending to make love to the club's thick pole, sliding it between her legs and along the thin strip of fabric that now covered almost nothing.
Al found that he was holding his breath as he watched his wife move so lustfully to the pounding beat of the music. The D.J. had increased the volume as Vickie became more and more animated. Her pendulous tits were swaying, her nipples fully erect, and her thong obviously wet with her womanly nectar as she finished her lewd exhibition.
The music stopped and Vickie slipped to the floor, legs akimbo, to a standing ovation. The emcee entered from the wings and offered Vickie his hand, helping her up. Picking up her dress, he escorted her off the floor and behind a dark curtain.
Vickie reappeared several minutes later, in her dress and wearing a huge smile. She sat down at the table and sipped her now-diluted drink.
"You were fantastic, Vickie," Bill blurted. "That was even hotter than last night!"
Kathy nodded. "No need for a vote, honey, you are hands down the winner for the night. You had me rooting for you, and when you lost your dress, I knew the contest was over."
Vickie turned to Al and their eyes met. "I guess I went a bit too far," she started to say.
Al stopped her, putting his hand on her leg. "You were unbelievable, babe. I'm so proud of the way you danced. I don't know how much harder I would have gotten if you'd removed your thong..."
Vickie expelled a sigh of relief. "I was afraid you would be upset, but once I got started, I just couldn't help myself. I'll have to admit, it was a complete turn-on to do what I did."
Kathy listened with growing interest as her friend confessed to her exhibitionist tendencies. She knew that she had similar desires and it was comforting to know that Vickie shared them to some extent.
"Shall we go back upstairs...perhaps to one of the private rooms?" Kathy suggested.
Vickie shook her head. "I need more time and I think that I'd like to go back to your place now. Al and I have some unfinished business and I guess that I still need some degree of privacy for that. Maybe we can come back here tomorrow if it is open,' she said hurriedly.
"Sure," Kathy quickly agreed. "Most anything we can do at the club, we can do at home also. Maybe it's too soon for you to try more than just dancing in front of strangers. You're not nervous or concerned when it's just the four of us are you?"
"No, I guess not," Vickie responded. "We've already seen each other, and we are friends, so it is different. I just don't want to spoil your fun here at the club. If you want to do more, I'm okay just staying down here."
Bill spoke up. "Don't be silly. We can come back any old time. If you would rather go home to play, we can pay the bill and head for the house, pronto. Maybe you'll be kind enough to give us an encore!"
Vickie laughed at Bill's obvious lechery. "I'm so horny right now, I might do even more, you never can tell."
The ride home was a treat. Both women rode most of the way with their breasts exposed. Vickie unzipped Al's slacks and slowly stroked his engorged staff while Kathy leaned over the seat to watch and occasionally squeeze Vickie's bare globe.
>>>>12
"It's still early, let's have some fun, "Bill announced as he prepared a round of drinks. "I couldn't see much in the rear view mirror, but I think I missed out on something," he added with a chuckle.
"Yeah, I could use another drink after what I witnessed tonight," Vickie agreed as she plopped down on the couch.
Kathy giggled. "At one point, you were the hit of the show, Vickie. We all loved your dance routine."
"I couldn't believe she did it," Al chimed in, "and I thought she might really get wild upstairs."
Vickie turned her head to look at her husband. "I think you would have liked that."
"I know I would have," Bill replied as he distributed the drinks.
"What was your favorite part of tonight's activities?" Kathy asked Al.
Al hesitated just a moment. "Vickie's dance," he announced. "It was such a turn-on for me to see her doing it in front of so many people. How about you, Kathy, what was your favorite part?"
"The same," she quickly replied. "I loved watching Vickie get so down and dirty. I wanted to be up there dancing with her. Vickie, and also the upstairs show with the two women," she admitted with a blush.
"I liked it all," Bill announced before he was even asked. "The dancing, the sucking, the fucking, it was all great!"
"The show must go on," Kathy prompted. "What shall we do next, gang?"
"Let's all get naked!" Bill suggested with a leer. "We want to see some tits and ass!"
"You first," Kathy challenged. "Come on big boy, show us what you've got."
Bill didn't hesitate. He quickly removed his shirt and dropped his slacks, along with shoes and socks. Then, looking directly at Vickie, he slowly slid his underwear down his muscular legs and exposed his rising manhood.
"Okay, Al, your turn," Vickie urged playfully.
Al stripped out of his clothes and sat next to his wife. "Okay, we did as we were told. What's going to be our reward?"
"Let's give them a lap dance, Vickie," Kathy responded. "Maybe we'll give them more than one."
Both naked husbands were placed in upholstered chairs and Kathy put on some slow, sensual music. The two wives began to gyrate and tease. The husbands began to swell as they moved close and began to touch them.
The women began clothed and with their respective husbands; settling on their bare laps and squirming to press into their growing arousal. As the second song began, Kathy rose and motioned to Vickie to switch partners.
As Vickie settled onto Bill's naked lap, she felt his hands seek out her soft breasts, holding her close to him. She felt his hard lump through her slacks and knew that she was having the right effect on him.
Bill's hands roamed up underneath her top and Vickie purred as he rolled an erect nipple between his fingers. "Oh, God," she sighed as she leaned into her friend's husband.
Kathy was experiencing the same sensations as she watched her husband feeling Vickie's large breasts. Al's stiff cock was urgently pressing against her warmth through her dress and she wanted to keep the momentum going. Kathy guided Al's hand to her firm breast and invited him to share her charms.
"Let's get jiggy," Kathy suggested as the next song started. She leaped from Al's lap and removed her top, exposing her firm globes. "You too, Vickie," she prompted.
The topless women went back to their own partners and gave them even more thrills as they moved on their hard dicks and tempted them to hold and suckle their exposed nipples. Hands reached down to hold and stroke the two cocks and fondle balls as the music and the erotic beat continued.
At one point, Kathy rose and slipped off the rest of her clothes and settled down onto her husband's throbbing staff, straddling him and moving in unison with the music's beat. Vickie looked across at her friend's brazen move, and was driven to do the same.
Vickie's dress was now gone, along with her thong. She held Al's cock in her fingers and guided him into her wet opening. It was a familiar feeling as she squirmed on him and felt his lips on her nipple.
against his belly as his wife stood and looked across at Al.
By now, Vickie was leaking her womanly nectar and seemed driven, more like a wanton slut than his reasonably conservative wife. She looked at her naked friend and saw the determined look in her eyes. Without really taking the time to think things through, which was her normal habit, Vickie decided that, yes, it was time to finish what they had started so many times before, without coming to any conclusion.
Vickie put her hands on her husband's shoulders and leaned in to kiss him deeply. Then, she leveraged her body upward and felt Al's short cock slip from her engorged labia. As she stood aside, Kathy assumed Vickie's prior position astraddle Al's bare lap.
Kathy hesitated for a few moments, hovering over her friend's husband. "Hold him up straight, for me, Vickie," she half-ordered as she jiggled her body inches above Al's stiff shaft.
Impulsively, Vickie knelt on one knee and put her fingers around her husband's cock, guiding it to her friend's puffy lips. "It's ready," she said to Kathy, and watched the other woman descend until the head of her husband's cock rudely poked open her wet slit.
Vickie was so enthralled by the close-up view that she maintained her grip on her husband's dick until her fingers were pressed between his shaft and her friend's slippery lower lips. She could feel the warm, wet junction between them and it shocked her back to reality.
Pulling her hand away, Vickie again used Al's shoulder to help her rise. She looked at her husband's face and their eyes met. Al's eyes were wide and he was biting his lower lip in concentration. It was the first time he had experienced Kathy fully. Vickie noted that he was holding his breath.
Turning her attention away, she locked eyes with Bill, who was slowly stroking his long, thick dick and smiling at her.
"Come to me, Vickie, I've been waiting a long time," he said.
Her gaze moved to his hand, and what he was holding. In that instant, she had to admit to herself that she had often wondered how Bill might feel. Would his extra length and thickness hurt, or would he provide amazing thrills that would make her beg for more? Never before having experienced one so large, the thought engendered fear, curiosity and desire all at the same time.
Vickie took a brief glance at her husband, whose eyes were now closed, then mutely moved her nude body to face Bill.
"Climb aboard," Bill jested as he tugged on both her hands.
Straddling Bill's legs, she moaned when she felt his fingers separating her lower lips, seeking her vaginal parlor. He quickly located the spot and she felt the large, round head slip into her about an inch.
"Please be gentle, Bill," she whispered. "Go slow. I'm not used to one like yours," she pleaded.
Al heard his wife's plea and strangely, it made his own manhood throb even harder. By then, Kathy had established a rhythm and was humping him, using her vaginal muscles to milk his cock, and squirming to move her erect clitoris against his pubic bone.
Meanwhile, Bill had Vickie's soft tits in his hands and was squeezing them while, at the same time, using them to keep her from descending onto his pulsing rod too fast. He managed to slide another two inches inside, and Vickie was taking it well. Bill eased up and he felt another inch enter her tight orifice.
"Oh, wait," Vickie gasped, "not so fast, okay?"
He felt her relax and then let her set the pace. After several more moments, she let more move up and in.
"That's all I'm used to," she confessed. "Is there more?"
"Uh huh, quite a bit more," Bill whispered in her ear. "Take your time, babe."
The waiting was agony for Bill, but he knew she needed to take him at her own pace. His fingers fondled Vickie's full breasts and he began to roll her nipples between his thumbs and index fingers. Her response was immediate and strong.
"Oh, yeah, touch me like that," she murmured as she let another inch or two enter her.
It took several minutes, but he finally felt her puffy mound meet him and he knew he was finally in up to the hilt. Vickie collapsed onto his chest and he could feel her rapid breathing along with the pressure of her plump tits against his chest.
"Oh, God, I feel so full," she murmured. "I didn't think I could take it all, but I guess I just did."
Bill let her lie on him quietly to be accustomed to the newness she was experiencing. Then, ever so slowly, she began to move just a little. He could feel her juices lubricating their junction. He reached around her and put his hands on her rear, carefully raising her up an inch or so before releasing and letting her settle back down onto his big sausage.
"Mmm, yeah, feels good," she cooed as he again lifted her. The second landing made her moan with pleasure as his shaft probed deeper than ever before.
Al opened his eyes when he heard his wife moan. He watched Bill lift her and he could see her shining nectar coating his thick dick. Almost immediately, Bill's cock reentered and he heard a distinct squish as the two met again. A feeling of acute love coursed through Al's body, knowing that the woman he loved so dearly was receiving new pleasures that he, alone, could not provide.
Kathy felt the slight change in Al's cock and adjusted to take advantage of the added swelling. Follow his eyes, she immediately knew what had caused the throbbing. "This is so beautiful," she whispered into his ear. "We're all so close right now," she added with a little whimper.
Al felt the urgency of Kathy's rapid movements. He was soon rewarded by the warmth of her additional juices as she enjoyed a massive orgasm...one that he had caused.
The sights, the sounds, and the feeling of Kathy's juices flowing over his tight balls caused Al to ejaculate straight into her warm womb. It was a powerful thing brought on by the unique arousal from the sharing of those who one holds most dear.
Kathy put her face on Al's chest and they both watched as Vickie continued to slide Bill's pole into her depths. Bill held her cheeks open and Vickie's rear orifice was distended due to the stress of their coupling.
"Oh, oh yeah, right there," Vickie moaned as his long dong bumped the opening of her cervix at the top of her womb. "Go easy, go easy, Bill," she begged as she raised and lowered her body on him.
"You're doing the moving," Bill replied breathlessly. "Fuck me with your hot pussy."
His words set off a firestorm and Vickie began to move rapidly, grunting and panting as she rode the man's rigid rod.
"yes, oh yes, oh, oh," she moaned into his shoulder as her ass shook with her renewed effort. "Cum with me, cum with me," she begged as her climax overtook her.
Al and Kathy saw Bill throw his head back and noticed as his legs stiffened.
"There he goes," Kathy murmured into Al's chest. "My husband is filling your wife with a huge load right at this moment!"
Al watched in disbelief as his sweet wife accepted his friend's sperm...accepted it deeper than he had ever delivered his own. It seemed as if time stood still for the two couples.
Vickie felt the warm fluid splash high within her, once, then again, and then a third time. She was drenched with another man's seed and soon it began to leak out around their joining.
Bill felt relief as he squirted over and over again, then, feeling their combined fluids flow , over and around his balls, making a sizeable mess on the seat of the chair.
Al was overwhelmed with love for his wife. Although riddled with an initial feeling of jealousy, that feeling was soon replaced by the sure knowledge that she had received an amazing treasure that he had been privileged to witness. He also realized that his softening dick was still ensconced in Kathy's tight pussy, one that had been the source of many of his prior fantasies.
Kathy, too, had often wished that their previous teasing and exposures could have led to her being able to experience Al. He was a large, impressive fellow and she had wondered how he might respond to her smaller, more petite body. Secretly, she envied Vickie's large tits and curvy body. It had almost become an obsession.
Finally, after several minutes to return breathing to a more normal rate, Vickie rose up and slowly slid off Bill's lap and onto the carpet. She rolled onto her back and sprawled unashamedly, legs akimbo, love juices oozing from her.
Kathy watched her friend's slow descent and Al saw her lick her lips. She slid onto the floor and crawled on all fours to Vickie. The two women gazed into each other's eyes for several moments, then Kathy leaned in and the two women kissed.
"That was so beautiful," Kathy whispered just loud enough for the men to hear.
Vickie smiled weakly at her friend. "Thank you for knowing and being willing," Vickie cryptically replied. "I feel so good right now," she added as she gave her friend another long kiss.
"I want you to feel good," Kathy responded as she moved down Vickie's body and began to suckle an erect nipple.
Bill and Al sat quietly, watching their wives converse and caress each other lovingly. Their limp dicks began to twitch slightly as the encounter continued.
"I want to taste," Kathy whispered into her friend's ear. "I want to taste you and my Bill."
Vickie turned her head and glanced first at her husband, then at Bill. "Uh huh," she moaned.
Kathy wasn't sure if that meant yes or not, but she was past asking for any clarification. Positioning her nude body between Vickie's legs, Kathy gazed at the sticky mess her husband had left, and then pressed her face between her friend's open legs.
Vickie's reaction was almost immediate. She put both hands into Kathy's blonde hair and pulled her tighter into her center, while spreading her legs and raising her hips.
Kathy moved her lips and tongue over her friend's mound, gaining the distinct flavor and aroma of her just fucked pussy. Her nose rubbed over Vickie's clitoris and her tongue went between the sticky folds to lap at the juices still oozing from Vickie's tunnel of love.
Bill lay spent in his chair, simply watching the scene before him. The excitement of all of the recent activities spurred Al to action, however. His stroking revived his machinery and the sight of Kathy's upturned ass added the final ingredient.
Leaving his chair, Al scooted up between Kathy's legs and inserted his newly hardened cock into her wet cunt. Kathy moaned as he moved inside her for the second time. Al used his big hands to spread Kathy's ass cheeks and tentatively inserted his thumb in her rear, causing her to grunt, then, moan loudly.
"She likes it, but she says I'm too big for that," Bill commented as he watched from his chair.
Taking Bill's comment as approval, Al move his thumb, slowly opening her up more. He replaced his thumb with two fingers and Kathy pushed back in encouragement. Without further ceremony, Al slipped out of Kathy's wet pussy and guided the head of his thin cock to her rear.
"Mmm, oh," Kathy mumbled into Vickie's crotch as Al began to press his cock into her back passage. Once past her sphincter, he was able to press his entire length into her.
"Not the first time this blonde has been ass fucked," he mused as he began to piston in and out of her tight hole.
Al's rear action only served to push Kathy's face harder into his wife's wet mound.
"Oh yes, yes, yes," Vickie squealed as she reached a new climax on her friend's talented tongue.
His senses in overload, Al quickly unloaded a diminished portion of semen into Kathy's butt as she attempted to cope with more of his wife's nectar.
"Now that you've finished with Vickie, come over here and clean me up," Bill told his wife minutes later.
Dutifully, Kathy moved to her husband and began to lick and suck more sticky juices from his now-limp member.
The break in the action gave Al a good opportunity to head for their bathroom to wash off the remains from the ass fucking he'd given to Kathy most recently.
>>>13
"What now?" Bill asked as Kathy lay in his lap. Nobody had bothered to dress after their incredible tryst.
Al looked across at his friend, and down at Vickie, who lay curled up on the couch beside him. "I don't know about the rest of you, but I'm exhausted. That was more exercise than I get in a month! I'm ready for bed."
"Maybe we should stay up and talk about things," Kathy suggested tentatively.
"Let's talk tomorrow," Al replied firmly. "All this is too fresh right now. Let's go to bed."
"Go to bed with whom?" Kathy asked coyly.
Vickie spoke up, surprising Al. "I'm tired now, but I'll be okay by morning." She looked up at her husband and he saw the faraway look in her eyes. "Maybe just for tonight?" she suggested to her husband's disbelief.
"Sleep with Bill?" Al asked quietly.
"Only if it's okay with you, honey," Vickie replied almost in a whisper. She knew how out-of-character her request sounded, yet she also knew that she wanted to experience that big cock at least once more, and if not tonight, it might never happen again.
Al swallowed hard, then nodded. "Okay, just for tonight. I guess that would be okay, given what's already happened.
"I'll see that you are not bored," Kathy quipped to lighten the mood.
Bill wanted to seal the deal. "All right, if nobody wants another drink, let's hit the hay...as they say.
Vickie turned to her husband and kissed him long and hard. It'll be okay, honey, you'll see. I love you for being so understanding."
Turning to Bill and Kathy, Vickie continued. "Just let me get my toothbrush and lipstick, Bill. I'll be along shortly."
Al watched his wife stroll down the long hallway to the master suite, toothbrush in hand. He shivered in spite of himself, as a small, soft hand touched his shoulder. "Take me to bed, Al," Kathy cooed and she kissed the top of his right ear.
>>>>14
Dawn eventually broke around nine o'clock the next morning. Al moved his arm and encountered a warm body cuddled next to him. For the first time in a long time, it wasn't his wife. He felt a slender leg and confirmed that it wasn't Vickie. That is when the events of the previous night came rushing back into his conscious mind. Kathy was awake but stayed silent as his big hand explored her nude form.
Finally, she spoke. "Good morning sleepy head, how do you feel this morning?"
Al rolled over facing her, noticing her tousled blonde hair, smeared lipstick, and the mascara streaks around her eyes. Kathy smiled and touched his cheek lightly with her fingertips.
"Okay, I guess," Al managed to reply, still trying to reorient his mental faculties.
"You'll be better after coffee and some breakfast," she assured him. "I don't know about you, but I'm starved and thirsty," she added as she kissed him lightly and slipped off her own guest bed.
Rising up on one elbow, Al watched her saunter nude through the bedroom door, heading for her kitchen.
"Why don't you go wake up our spouses and tell them I'm making coffee?" she suggested over her shoulder.
Al remembered their earlier conversation. He recalled agreeing to changing partners and being led by Kathy to the guest bedroom. "I must have gone right to sleep," he thought. "I hope Kathy wasn't disappointed with me."
Tossing the sheet aside, he stood and shuffled to the bathroom. His stream seemed endless as he stood over the toilet, emptying his bladder and mulling over Kathy's suggestion.
"Guess I should wake them up, like she said," he mused as he made his way to the master suite. The door was wide open and, for the first time that morning, Al's eyes opened wide. His lovely wife was lying in the center of the big bed with her heels pressed into Bill's rear, urging him back inside as he methodically slid out of her.
"Almost, oh yes, oh God yes," Vickie moaned as the coupling continued. Neither Bill nor Vickie could see or know that he was standing naked in the doorway watching as his friend pleasure his wife. Al could hear Bill's balls slap against his wife's ass as he accelerated his long strokes. Vickie's toes curled as her orgasm neared.
"Oh, oh, oh yes, yes," she cried as her body began to spasm and Bill's ass clinched his seed splashed deep inside Vickie's womb.
The pair lay still, panting, as their mutual climax subsided. Vickie's legs relaxed and fell open, releasing her lover from her tight grip. As he moved into the master bedroom, Al realized that his own cock was now erect and leading him to the side of the king size bed.
The pair on the bed seemed startled when Al said, "Kathy's fixing coffee and some breakfast if you're interested."
Bill rolled to one side and Vickie's eyes slowly focused on her husband's erect penis. Then, she looked up to his face. Vickie smiled sheepishly. "Got a good morning kiss for me, honey?" she asked, not sure how her husband would answer.
Almost automatically, Al leaned over her naked body and kissed her lovingly. He received an equally loving kiss in return.
"You know, I really don't deserve you," she whispered to her husband, "but I do love you so much."
Al tried to swallow the huge lump in his throat. "I know, I know," he assured her, "and I love you that much and more."
As Al helped his recently fucked wife from the bed, Bill rolled off the other side and walked toward the kitchen to find Kathy.
Al wrapped his arms around his wife and they stood together silently for more than a few moments. They could feel each other's breathing and his stiff dick poked against her wetness.
"I need a shower," Vickie stated as she reluctantly broke their embrace. "Want to join me?"
By the time they were dry, they could smell the aroma of fresh brewed coffee. They walked hand-in-hand down the hallway and into the kitchen. Bill was sitting at the table, cup in hand, smiling as his cute blonde wife stood at the range wearing nothing but an apron.
"Everything okay?" Bill queried as he put his cup down.
Al took a few moments before responding. "Yeah, we're fine, just fine," he finally replied.
Bill grinned with relief. "We are two very lucky fellows, you know," he said. "I hope we stay close friends forever."
"Me too, me too," Kathy agreed.
Vickie remained quiet as the others talked. Finally, she cleared her throat and began to speak. "I need to say something. I need to bring something out into the open. And, Bill, don't take this the wrong way, okay?"
Bill nodded, wondering what Vickie was thinking.
"I really enjoyed myself last night. I enjoyed this morning too, she quickly added. I actually did things that I never thought I'd really do. In the process, I learned that I never want to do anything like that again unless Al is right there with me. I must admit that I felt very guilty this morning when Al walked in on us, Bill. That can never happen again."
Bill nodded again, indicating that he understood her reluctance and would respect her wishes.
Kathy turned from her cooking. "Does that mean that you would like to repeat our escapades if Al is always there with you?"
Vickie tilted her head to one side in thought. "That depends on Al. I would only be comfortable doing stuff if he is okay with everything. No pleasure is worth our relationship and our marriage."
Al felt the silence bear down on him. "I like the way you think, honey," he began. "Seeing your pleasure at the club, then even more here with Bill, turned out to be a huge turn-on for me. I admit that I felt jealousy at first, but that quickly went away when I saw how beautiful you were as a fully sexual being. I was shocked at first when I saw you just now, but my cock betrayed my true feelings I think. I want you to experience pleasure, I truly do, and I always want to be there for you."
Vickie had tears in her eyes as her husband finished his oration.
Kathy moved to Vickie's side and used the tip of her apron to dry her friend's eyes. "If what I did last night was out of line, honey, I apologize. I just couldn't help what I did."
"Oh no," Vickie hurriedly countered, "I loved what you did to me, Kathy. "I haven't had any experience with another woman before, but it was incredible, really incredible. I think the men understood and enjoyed it too."
"Amen, sister," Bill quipped. "You two were hot, and I do mean hot!"
Vickie laughed aloud at Bill's remark. "Next time, I think I need to return the favor, Kathy."
"I wonder how all this would be with an audience?" Bill mused to nobody in particular. "You know, the club is open again tonight. Maybe Al and I would like to show our hot wives to a bunch of others and let them witness how well four friends can play give and take."
"I don't have another dress with me," Vickie blurted without thinking.
Kathy chuckled. "You can wear the same dress, honey, because you won't have it on long anyway. What do you think, Al?"
"I'm game if Vickie wants to go back tonight. I think we might end up spending most of our time upstairs if we do."
"What can we do in the meantime?" Vickie asked. "We've got the rest of the day."
"Well, Al owes me one, but that can wait," Kathy chuckled. "Vickie, why don't you and I go out and find you a sexy new dress for tonight? The guys can clean up the beds and fix a late lunch. We can spend some time in the hot tub this afternoon but save ourselves for more adult fun tonight."
Al's serious expression quickly turned to a smile. "Sounds like a plan," he remarked to show that he was more than willing to allow his newly converted wife to blossom forth. They still had a couple of days left of their visit, so it would be interesting to see where the adventures would take them.
>>>>15
The club already was crowded when the two couples entered. Couples were dancing and the bar was busy. Heads turned to watch Kathy and Vickie move across the room, finding a table near the shiny pole where Vickie had received so much attention the previous evening.
Vickie chose a short, red dress with a strappy top that crossed over her breasts and tied at the back of her neck. The thin fabric easily revealed her lack of any undergarments. Kathy wore a classic black cocktail dress that she had hemmed up so that it barely covered her bottom. Loose, thin straps held up the scoop neck top.
By the time Bill and Al arrived at the table with drinks, both wives were dancing with other men who had quickly moved in to try their luck. Vickie was dancing with a tanned, muscular man with curly black hair and a beard. He held her to him and his hand slipped down to explore her unencumbered ass. She could feel the hard muscles of his back, then the growing bulge as he pressed against her thigh.
The music stopped and Vickie made her way back to the table. Her dance partner followed her, but quickly turned away when he saw Al and Bill rise to welcome Vickie.
"Looks like you two drew a crowd," Bill chuckled. "Where's Kathy?"
Vickie smiled and nodded. "He didn't waste any time. He asked me to dance as soon as we sat down. I think he was disappointed when he saw that I was with you. I didn't even ask his name."
"It is likely that we will run into him again," Bill said. "I'd be surprised if he would give up so easily."
Kathy returned after another song. She pulled a tall, blonde haired fellow along by the hand. "Glen, say hello to my husband, Bill, and our friends, Al and Vickie," she said as she sat down.
Glen seemed a bit uncomfortable, but he shook hands with them and smiled. Al noticed the sizeable lump in Glen's slacks and decided that Glen must have enjoyed his time, dancing with Kathy.
The two couples danced a few numbers, taking time between songs to return to their drinks. They changed partners several times and Al noticed that Glen cut in on his friend, Bill, twice to finish a dance or two more with Kathy.
"This is quite a lively place," Vickie said as she and Al sat back down to finish their drinks. "I hope you are enjoying yourself, honey," she added coyly.
Al smiled. "I am, and I must say, you are stunning in your new dress. You make me hard just looking at you and I know I'm not the only one."
"You mean muscle man?" Vickie quizzed. "We only danced together once, and he was a bit pushy. He pushed his hard bulge right up against my leg several times," she quipped with a giggle.
"I don't mind if he watches," Al replied, "but I think we should keep the playing between the four of us just to be safe."
"Al, I think you're jealous," Vickie said.
"Maybe a little," Al admitted, "but we know Bill and Kathy. We don't know anything about all these other people. I'm just trying to be cautious."
"Okay, I'll tell Kathy and Bill that we're not comfortable playing with other people, and that dancing is our limit with them."
Bill put his hand on Vickie's shoulder. "Limit? Did I hear you say limit?"
Vickie explained what she meant as Kathy rejoined them at their table. Kathy nodded and said they understood about being reluctant to get directly involved with other couples or singles.
"Does that mean you'd like to go upstairs with Kathy and me pretty soon, Vickie?" Bill asked slyly.
"Either that our another drink," Vickie responded with a grin.
Al pushed his chair back. "I think we need to work off the drinks we've already consumed. Perhaps we can look into one of those mirrored rooms again."
"Is everybody ready to take a peek upstairs?" Kathy asked.
The others stood and the foursome moved toward the stairway. Al noticed Glen and Vickie's muscular friend begin to move toward the stairs at a discreet distance behind them. Al watched Vickie's slinky red dress sway as her ass moved. He felt his cock begin to stiffen, not yet sure what was about to occur.
"Let's take a look in the first room," Bill suggested. They entered the dark, one-way mirror area and stood close together. The room was busy.
Two couples were in the center of the room; a young couple and a middle-age pair. The young woman and a balding man were in the classic 69 position, nude and eagerly lapping at each other. A mature woman next to them was on her back, holding the other woman's hand, while the man who appeared to be the young woman's partner slid his long dick between her open legs.
A tall, thin fellow was leaning against a corner wall while a chubby brunette with a tramp stamp on her back sucked his dick. Two other couples occupied other corners. One couple was still in the process of undressing each other, while the second couple settled into the doggy position and continued fucking slowly, rocking back and forth as they each watched the action in the room.
Vickie leaned back against Al and took a deep breath. His big hands cupped her unfettered tits and he inhaled the distinct scent of a woman in heat. There was shuffling behind them as several other voyeurs crowded into the small space.
Vickie felt the warmth of another person close by and glanced over to see her muscular dance partner framed in the darkness. As she continued to watch the lewd exhibition before her, Vickie enjoyed her husband's touch on her breasts. Hence, it was a bit of a surprise when another hand touched her leg tentatively. When she did not move away, the hand slid higher and then to her center. A muscular hand began to rub her mound through her thin skirt and she knew he could feel her slit as she leaned back against her husband.
"Let's check the other room," Kathy urged, "this one's already crowded."
As Al and Bill stepped back, the hand quickly disappeared leaving Vickie aroused, yet unsatisfied. The two couples moved to the next room and found that is contained only one older couple.
"Want to use this room?" Kathy asked. "I think it's time we had some fun ourselves."
"Yes. Why not?" Vickie agreed breathlessly.
Bill opened the door to the large, lighted room and the four entered. The older couple looked up and wordlessly smiled a greeting. They were lying on their sides, facing each other with legs entwined and gently swaying back and forth. The woman's pendulous tits shook as her husband fucked her.
"What do we do?" Vickie asked Kathy as they stood in the center of the room.
"First, we get naked," Kathy giggled, "then, I want to see if I can get Al hard before you can stiffen Bill's long dong."
Bill looked over at Al and shrugged. "Sounds like an interesting contest, doesn't it?"
In a moment, shoes, dresses, shirts and slacks began to fly into a tangled pile as all four stripped off their civilized garments and allowed their lustful sides free rein. Soon, Kathy scooted on her knees to Al and used her slim fingers to pull his throbbing penis to her lips. Looking up into his eyes, she slid his entire length down her throat and bumped her nose into the patch of pubic hair surrounding his cock.
Bill sprawled on the soft mat, legs spread in obvious invitation. Vickie slide over to him and he put his long arms around her. Al watched as Bill pulled his wife close and kissed her tenderly. His hands explored her soft breasts and traveled down her sides until he was holding her ass in both hands. Bill continued to kiss her as his fingers pressed into her rear crack. Vickie's legs parted, giving him free access to her most intimate parts.
Meanwhile, Kathy came off Al's cock with a pop and used her fingers to feed his hanging balls into her mouth. Her tongue played with each testicle in turn and she gently pulled on his sack while she stroked his hard member. He looked down and saw her staring up at him with one eye, obviously enjoying her oral treat.
"Suck it for me," Bill whispered to Vickie as he loosened his grip on her ass.
Dutifully, Vickie slid down his body and took his long, thick cock in her hand. She licked his dick up and down its length and kissed the head several times. She put the tip of her tongue into Bill's tiny hole, then attempted to suck his length. Her jaws objected as she opened wide and took several inches into her mouth. A second attempt let her get a little more between her lips. On her third try, she gagged and had to cough.
"I can't suck it all," she told Bill. "It's too long and thick for me."
"You did just fine," Bill replied. "Now, let's see how much you can take inside you, okay?"
Vickie nodded as she looked up from between his legs. "I'm so wet right now, I think I can do it."
Straddling Bill's hips, Vickie raised herself and reached for his fat prick. It was at that moment that she saw her nude image in the large mirror covering one wall.
"Oh, my God," she thought, "I'm completely naked and people are watching as I am about to put Bill's hard cock in my wet cunt! Those two guys are probably among those watching me fuck my friend's husband."
The thoughts almost caused Vickie to climax before ever feeling Bill's big pole. She found it and used the head to separate her wet labia, rubbing him back and forth over her opening several times. At last, she allowed the thick head slide between her lips and then she relaxed enough to let the first few inches penetrate her warm womb.
The idea that other people were watching her created additional urgency and she moved quickly to put more of her partner inside. Vickie was somewhat amazed when she felt her lips meet Bill's pubic bone, his long rod completely sheathed in her.
"Ahh, yes," Bill groaned as Vickie began to rock back and forth on him. "Fuck me, Vickie. Fuck my big cock."
His hands went to her swaying breasts and Vickie began to move up and down on his long dong. Al was now facing them as he fucked Kathy doggy style nearby. His wife's back was toward him, so he could clearly see his friend's cock glisten as his wife rode him using long, slow movements. He could see her vaginal lips stretch out and pucker as she rose, then they would press back together when she sat back down on him. Al knew just what Bill was feeling at that moment and he could only imagine the pleasure his wife was feeling with a much larger cock filling her.
Rather than jealousy, the sight of his beautiful wife receiving such pleasure caused his own cock to throb with newly found excitement. Kathy could feel Al's dick pulsing within her and she knew that he was enjoying the sight in front of them as much as she was.
"Harder, faster," Kathy urged Al as he rifled his stiff cock in and out. "Fuck me and cum inside my hot cunt," she added breathlessly. "I want to feel your warm juice all over inside," she gasped.
The sights and the sounds were too much for Al. He grunted and slammed his body into Kathy's petite rear, holding her tightly to him. The surge began in his balls and continued as several squirts of his man liquid spewed from his cock.
Vickie heard her friend's entreaty and her words aroused her to a fever pitch. "Al's fucking her hard," she mused as she increased her speed on Bill's tall cock. Bill pulled on her tits and she gasped as she sat on him, her tummy shaking with the spasms of her climax.
"Oh yes, yes, yes," Vickie cried as she felt her nectar mix with Bill's warm cum. She felt as full as she could be as their juices began to leak from their union and onto Bill's crack, then onto the mat.
Vickie rolled off Bill and sprawled on the mat. Her legs shook from the recent effort and she could feel the wetness between them. Her breath was still coming in gasps when she felt a hand on her leg and looked down lazily. Kathy was sitting close to her, caressing her thigh and smiling.
"Was it good?" Kathy asked in a whisper.
Vickie stretched her arms and smiled back at her friend. "Oh, yeah, it was marvelous," she replied.
"May I make you feel even better?" Kathy purred as their eyes met.
"I'm in no mood to protest anything right now," she said with a smile. "What do you have in mind?"
Kathy grinned. "I want to eat your pussy and make you cum again," she confessed. "Is that okay?"
Vickie glanced over at her husband, who was now sitting up and watching them intently. Then she looked over at the mirrored wall and her mind turned to lust. "Sure, that would be so nice."
Kathy slid between her friend's legs and began to lick and suck out what her husband had deposited, along with Vickie's womanly nectar. Vickie spread her legs wide and moaned as her friend made her soar into the heavens. Bill watched for a few moments, then got behind his wife and began to lick her, tasting the cream pie that she and Al had produced.
Al felt left out, so he crawled over to the trio and up to his wife's face. Kneeling close, he offered Vickie his limp member and she greedily began to suck on what was so recently buried in Kathy's depths.
Their show had lasted for quite some time, yet the spectators were held spellbound by the two couples. Glen, the blonde-haired man, who had danced with Kathy, had his cock out and a short, redheaded woman was slowly stroking him. Vickie's muscular friend had his pants down around his ankles and a young wife was sucking his short, thick dick while her husband watched and stroked his own stiff rod.
>>>>16
Slowly, the two couples began to stir and slip on their clothes. The older couple, who had watched their entire performance, rose and walked naked to them.
"That was incredible," the woman with small, sagging tits exclaimed. "I got so wet, I could hardly feel Herb's cock until he shot his cum inside me. I kept remembering how much more energy we used to expend when we fucked with our friends. We haven't come together that hard in years!"
Herb between to Vickie and Kathy, his flaccid uncut prick Bobbing back and forth. "You two gals really turned us on," he smilingly agreed. "May I just get one brief feel of your titties before you leave?"
Vickie paused with her silky red dress in her hand. "Make it quick," she replied as she turned to face him.
Herb carefully took Vickie's soft breast in his Arthritic hand and squeezed gently, weighing her breast as he toyed with her erect nipple. Kathy took his other hand and placed it on her smaller breast. She allowed him to feel her up. At the same time, she reached down, putting her slim fingers around his cock and pulled at his foreskin. Kathy could feel the sticky residue from his earlier coupling. She also felt him throb as his shrunken member began to return to life.
"Bill, you don't mind, do you?" Kathy asked her husband with a sly wink.
Bill shook his head. "Nah, go ahead if you want to."
Kathy slipped to one knee and lifted Herb's dick, exposing the head and kissing it before stuffing his entire length into her mouth.
Herb's hands moved to hold her head as Kathy sucked voraciously at the old man's meat.
Her action seemed to animate Herb's wife and she moved to Bill's side and let her hand trace across his chest and belly before she fell onto her knees and began to suck on his thick monster.
Al and Vickie stood watching as the older couple received their treats. They continued to dress and finally went to the door. "Let's wait outside until they're finished," Al suggested.
As they waited, Glen and his redheaded friend joined them in the hallway, quickly followed by Vickie's dance friend.
"That was the hottest thing I've ever witnessed," Glen gushed as his girlfriend nodded in agreement. "We're in a hotel about a mile from here. Would you guys like to continue the party in our room?"
Al stalled. "We'll have to see what our friends want to do after they finish," he answered as he nodded toward the door. "We're their guests, so they should decide, I think."
"I don't think we were properly introduced," Vickie said to the muscular fellow. "I'm Vickie and this is my husband, Al. Are you with Glen?"
"Nice to meet you, Vickie, I'm Tony. No, I'm not with Glen and Pam," he responded, glancing at Glen.
"Uh, you're welcome to join us too, Tony," Glen quickly replied. "We don't mind entertaining a single guy, do we, Pam?
Pam nodded in agreement. "You're welcome to come along, Tony."
Bill and Kathy opened the door and stepped into the hallway. "Gee, looks like a convention out here," Bill quipped as they joined the others.
"Glen and Pam have invited us to party in their hotel room," Vickie quickly stated before Al could broach the subject. He was having second thoughts about expanding the party to people he didn't know.
Bill looked at the group. "Don't you gals want to stay for the dance contest?" he asked. "Vickie or Kathy are sure to be big hits again," he added.
"If the girls want to dance, we have music through the cable TV in our room," Bill countered. "They can really entertain us in private," he concluded.
"I'm ready to strut my stuff for Glen," Kathy responded with a coy wink to Bill.
Bill turned to Al and Vickie. "It's up to you guys, want to stay here, go to the hotel, or go home?"
Vickie squeezed Al's arm. "I'm with Kathy," she hurriedly stated before Al could speak. "At the hotel, we could dance and have some more fun. We have all day tomorrow at Bill and Kathy's house."
Al felt outnumbered and he didn't want to be a wet blanket. He glanced at Pam and a vision of her pink nipples and red bush flashed across his brain. "I guess we should let the girls show off a little more," he finally replied.
>>>>17
Glen's room was actually a junior suite with two large beds, a wet bar, and a living area with couches and chairs surrounding a plasma TV. Glen worked the bar and poured drinks while Bill operated the TV controls, finding a channel with party music. Tony helped Glen distribute drinks and the men found seats in the living room.
Kathy led Pam and Vickie to the area in front of the TV, and began to sway to the music. Vickie joined her, then, Pam began to run her hands along her body and move to the insistent beat. Kathy kicked off her heels and, barefooted, she started to remove her clothes. Pam watched Kathy and soon imitated her actions as the men sat spellbound.
Vickie removed her heels but left her dress in place. It was her only covering. She elected to keep it on for a while longer.
Pam removed her blouse, followed by her nearly transparent bra. Al sucked in his breath as Pam exposed her full, white breasts, dotted with freckles. Her small pink nipples were already erect with excitement as she turned to give each man a full view. Reluctantly, he pulled his attention away as Kathy moved closer, completely nude, rubbing her hands along her perky tits and down to her smooth pussy. Kathy seemed to be inviting him to taste her womanly nectar.
Not to be outdone, Pam slipped off her skirt and slid her lacy panties down her slender legs. Her red bush was natural, but Al could see her pink slit through the sparse, wet mat. Moving directly in front of him, Pam began to move her hips, inviting Al to touch her.
Vickie watched her husband reach out and let his fingers slide along Pam's slit, then put one of his thick fingers into her swollen pussy.
The sight of her husband toying with Pam spurred Vickie to action. With a flurry, she pulled her red dress over her head and gave Glen and Tony a closer view of her voluptuous charms. She cupped her hands under her heavy breasts and offered them to the two men who, until very recently, were total strangers who just happened to witness her earlier show through a mirror.
Glen already had stripped and he was stroking his cock as Vickie swayed near him. Tony, realizing he was unprepared, pulled off his shirt and began to shed his pants and briefs. Soon, both men were nude, sprawled at either end of a couch, watching Vickie's lewd display.
Kathy turned her attention to Glen. She straddled him and pressed her erect nipple to his lips. As Glen sucked on Kathy's tit, she used her hand to guide his six-inch hard on into her wet, sticky snatch. Her back and forth movements on him soon could be heard as the two squished together.
Vickie focused on Tony. She put a hand on each of his knees and slowly spread them apart. Squatting down, she took his short, thick dick in her hand and slipped his foreskin back. Licking the head brought a groan of delight to his dry lips, followed by a second groan as she worked his five-inch prick into her mouth while cupping his heavy balls with her fingers. When she determined that he was as stiff as he was going to be, Vickie popped him from her lips and glanced over at Al.
Al, by then, had Pam bent over his chair and was pumping his manhood into her from the rear. Vickie could see the redhead's white ass cheeks quiver with each stroke he took. She well knew what young Pam was feeling at that moment.
Vickie looked up at Tony. She sprawled onto the floor and opened her legs wide. "Fuck me, Tony, fuck me now!"
Tony scrambled onto the floor and crawled between Vickie's legs. She saw his thick dick Bill up and down before he used his own hand to guide it to her wet slit. Vickie felt him press forward, stretching her more than she was used to. He felt good as he completed his insertion. What Tony lacked in length, he made up for in girth. Tony's thick cock bumped against her G spot again, and again, massaging her in a unique way that caused her to enjoy a very quick orgasm.
"Keep going, keep going," Vickie urged as Tony plunged in and out of her fevered womb. "I'm so full, so full!"
Pam was very tight. Al could feel every feature of her pink vagina, and she could feel every vein in Al's short dick as they moved together in a satisfying unison. Hearing his wife's plea to Tony only served to heighten his own arousal and pleasure as he fucked Pam for all he was worth.
Glen and Kathy were now on the floor. She was bent over his chest, riding his long dong slowly, enjoying each stroke. Her husband, Bill, watched for a while, then decided to join his wife and her newest lover.
Bill pressed Kathy's back down onto Glen and used their combined fluid to lubricate his wife's ass. Leaning down he whispered to her. "Just relax, honey, relax and enjoy us both."
"Uh huh, okay," Kathy gasped as she felt her husband's finger probe her rear. Quickly, his long cock replaced his finger and she moaned as she felt him move past her sphincter and bury his own dick in her tight ass. Kathy felt completely full and both men could feel the other's hardness through the thin membrane that separates the two orifices. The trio set up a rhythm and Kathy began to grunt as the men used her slippery holes.
"Oh, God, fuck me good," Kathy cried. "I love fucking both of you," she murmured as two big cocks skewered her.
Vickie's legs were wrapped tightly around Tony's body as she pulled him to her, attempting to use every inch of his short rod. She was used to about five inches, and therefore, knew how to derive the most pleasure from a short length. Vickie felt the hard muscles of Tony's arms along with the tight muscles of his young waist.
"You're really tight," Tony exclaimed. "I can't last much longer," he added breathlessly.
"No, wait, don't cum yet," Vickie begged. She reached between them and closed her fingers tightly around his thick dick, squeezing him and stopping his movements. "I want it to last longer. Be still for a little while and this will keep you from cumming too soon."
As Vickie lay still under Tony, she could hear the other's squishy sounds as they continued to fuck each other. She knew that her Al would be close to finishing off Pam, and she wanted him to be able to watch her as Tony filled her with his man juice.
Moments later, she heard the unmistakable sounds of her husband spilling his seed into Pam's pink hole. She heard his grunts and her moans and was certain that Al would soon go limp and look around for her.
Al looked around just in time to see his wife move her hand from between her legs. Tony began to move again and Vickie clamped her legs tightly around the young stud's waist, locking her ankles together.
"Yes, Tony, fuck me harder," Vickie begged as he began to pick up the speed of his thrusts. "Give me your hot cum now. Cum with me baby," she cried as they moved furiously.
Al could see his wife's tits bouncing as she took her young lover's cock deep inside her. The expression on her face was one of pure lust as her partner froze, his ass tight, as he flooded her love nest with jet after jet of warm semen. Pam draped her arm around Al's neck and kissed his ear.
"She's quite a lover, isn't she?" Pam asked as she, too, watched Vickie's climax.
"Yeah, all of a sudden, she's a true hot wife," Al agreed as his stomach turned flip-flops at the lewd scene in front of him.
"I'm going to fuck Tony too, before the night is over," Pam said matter-of-factly. "I want to see how his short, fat cock feels compared to you and Glen."
Tony rose and stumbled toward the bathroom. "What a night!" he exclaimed as he passed Al. "Your wife is amazing."
All Al could do was nod his head and stare at his wife, who was now lying on the floor, legs akimbo, with fresh love potion oozing from her swollen cunt. He moved down to the floor next to Vickie and caressed her with his large hand. Sleepily, she looked up at him. "Kiss me, honey, kiss me please."
Al leaned over his freshly fucked wife and their lips pressed together in a gentle kiss that said, "I love you, so much."
Kathy was now resting on one elbow, surveying the scene. Her two lovers were in the bathroom cleaning up and she decided that she would try to hold their gifts within her until they got home. She found that she liked the sticky, messy feeling that a double penetration left in and on her.
"Why don't you clean Vickie up, Al?" Kathy prodded. "She could use a good tongue lashing from you about now."
Al's eyes widened with Kathy's suggestion. "I don't know. She might not like that," he stuttered.
"You liked it when I did it, didn't you, Vickie?" Kathy asked with a giggle.
"Uh huh," Vickie lazily answered. "It was very nice, and very sexy," she added as she opened her eyes and looked at her husband.
"You want me to lick you now?" Al whispered to his wife.
"Only if you would like to," Vickie replied, but her desire was unmistakable.
Al moved his hand to his wife's swollen pussy and he felt the residual wetness. Raising his fingers, he licked the sticky fluid from them and let his tongue taste what was there. On an impulse, he turned and straddled his wife's face, letting his cock, still covered in Pam's juices, hang close to Vickie's mouth. He then lowered his own face and stuck his tongue out so it would encounter his wife's pubic mound.
Soon, Vickie was sucking her husband's limp dick and he had his tongue buried in her very gooey pussy. Kathy moved close, to watch and massage her friend's soft breast.
Pam touched Kathy's back cautiously. "Want to do each other?" she asked shyly.
Kathy nodded and moved a few feet away, allowing her pearl-skinned friend room to slide on top. The two women began to eat each other's cum-filled pussies while Al and Vickie finished cleaning each other.
Bill, Glen, and Tony leaned against the bar, drinks in hand, watching the other four complete their respective activities.
"I'm glad you could join us," Glen stated. "It would have been a shame to waste all this marvelous pussy at the club."
Bill laughed. "Yeah, and we probably need to stay for one or two more rounds. Glen hasn't had a shot at Vickie yet, and Tony hasn't fucked my wife. I'm still missing Pam, and I sure don't want to omit your hot redhead tonight."
"I'll drink to that!" Tony broke in. Kathy is such a fox, I just hope I can satisfy her."
>>>>18
Back at home, two couples woke and shared a very late brunch. It was too late for breakfast. Their night out lasted until three o'clock in the morning. It was after that when they finally stumbled to their beds to sleep off their revelry.
"How's your head?" Al asked Bill as he passed the coffee pot.
Bill barely shook his head in reply. "Not too good right now. I'm glad you were still okay to drive us home. I don't think I would have made it."
"We all kind of overdid, I guess," Kathy added with a chuckle. "I'm a bit sore and hung over, but I should be okay in a few more hours."
Vickie agreed. "That was certainly more than I planned on. I still can't believe that I managed to take on three other men in such a short time. Frankly, I don't know what came over me," she admitted as she stared into her coffee cup.
Al put his arm around his wife and squeezed her to him. "You were amazing, Vickie. I can't remember when I've been so aroused and excited, watching you enjoy so much pleasure."
"You don't think I'm a wanton slut now, do you? The last few days were really out of character for me," Vickie quickly stated.
Al squeezed his wife tighter. "Hell no! Sure, this visit has taken both of us into uncharted territory, but I'm not sorry about that. In fact, I think we should both thank Kathy and Bill for being such understanding and loving friends. They helped us open up to others and ultimately to ourselves. Bill and Kathy have opened our eyes to a new and wonderful world that we've only fantasized about in the past. I just hope you feel as I do about it."
Vickie wrapped her arms around Al and hugged him back, tears welling up in her eyes as she looked over at Kathy. "Oh, honey, I agree with you. I don't think I've ever felt as alive as I did last night. If we never do anything like that again, I'll always remember all those amazing feelings. In spite of my prior reluctance, I let it all hang out, literally," she chuckled as she smiled back at Bill and Kathy.
"We're so glad that you both enjoyed your visit with us," Kathy said. "I just hope it won't be the last time that we get together for some delicious good times."
"It's your turn to visit us now," Vickie replied. "I don't know if we can treat you to a hot club scene back home, but I'm sure we can find plenty of ways to keep you naked and amused. I plan to enjoy you both again, and I am pretty sure that Al will look forward to spending more time with you, Kathy."
Everyone pitched in to clear the table. Bill offered Bloody Mary cocktails, along with a soak in the hot tub before Vickie and Al had to pack up and head for home.
A half-hour later found all four nude in and around the hot tub. Al had Vickie bent over the edge of the hot tub, slowly fucking her from behind. Bill sat on a nearby stool as Kathy worked his long staff into her rear and watched her friends copulate.
Later, as Vickie dried off with a thick towel, Kathy approached. She took Vickie into her arms and the two women enjoyed a long, lingering kiss while their nipples played tag with each other.
That afternoon, Al and Vickie packed their things and loaded up for the trip home. It was a bittersweet goodbye as they stood in the driveway.
"Call me next week," Kathy told Vickie. "We need to start planning our next visit together, okay?"
Vickie smiled at her very close friend. "That's a deal. Maybe next time, I'll have built up the courage to return some of the favors you gave me."
END