My nerves were playing up as I prepared to obey his commands. That's what they were. Not instructions or anything that nice. Commands. I was shivering slightly and feeling sick to the bottom of my stomach. Sure, I'd done a lot of risky things and come close to exposing myself to others, but I hadn't. And anyway, that was my choice of how to act.
I did not want to do this. It was a ludicrous idea from some sick porno story. Have the cute girl wander around in the nude and see what 'adventures' she gets up to. Which, in my limited experience of such reading, generally meant getting fucked by everyone in sight and, in fairly short order, declaring that she was a slut and willing to take on all comers -- in all of her 'holes' -- wherever and whenever anyone wanted to screw her.
Fat bloody chance of that happening here. I was slightly odd and kinky; I accepted that much as true, but only in a solo fashion, and on my own terms. The night wasn't going to end up with Connor, Scott, and David all inside me simultaneously, while I had a hand inside each of Leanne and Dionne.
This pervert couldn't play with them, so unless they were all raving sex maniacs then nothing much was going to happen. And even if they were, I'd been told to go to a certain point, and I would do so, but that was as far as I would let things progress. If they wanted to touch my boobs or something, then I'd simply say no. I was a nudist, not some sort of sex object. If they were happy with it being that way, then I'd strip. Otherwise, they could get lost.
I started to get dressed -- to then go out of my room and tell my flatmates that I didn't want to be dressed around them -- when he interrupted me. It wasn't like I'd already forgotten that he was around, but the stupid mechanical voice still made me jump a little.
'You won't be needing that bra. Nor the knickers. What's the point? As you want to be naked, you hardly need to cover up so much. Jeans and a t-shirt only for this I think.' There was a pause in the typing before it then continued, he obviously having had a rethink.
'No. A change of plan. Find your smallest, tightest, t-shirt and shortest skirt and wear them with your highest heels. Let me see you and confirm that you are acceptable before leaving the room.'
I put both of the offending items, along with my socks and t-shirt, in the plastic carrier bag that I was using to store dirty laundry in until I could find something better. I'd not considered such a thing when kitting out my room, and it was now on a shortlist of items I'd need to hunt down at some stage. My trainers went behind the door -- out of the way, but handy for when needed.
Bastard. I did have one very short skirt with me, that I used for playing tennis, but it certainly was never intended to be worn without underwear. If I stood next to one of our low-slung sofas there was every chance of being exposed. Which was what he was hoping for, of course.
At least I was safer on the t-shirt front, as I'd not brought anything small and no longer fitting with me -- and why would I in my limited packing -- so there was nothing to give an obvious sign that I was braless. And that did not make him content when he inspected me.
'The skirt is fine, but not the top. I want something better from you. You can choose something else but, if I'm not happy with it, then that email draft goes out as it is. I'll then prepare another one to follow for each try until you get it right. Make me happy.'
What the hell I had that would leave him happy while not totally outing me as a weirdo -- as if what I was going to ask them wouldn't do that anyway -- I wasn't sure. I didn't have any crop tops or things that showed off a lot of flesh. Doing that wasn't my style. Well, not quite anyway. I didn't have lingerie either. A lacy bra? Hardly suitable, and he'd told me to go without a bra anyway.
The only two options that I could think of were, firstly, putting on a formal blouse, but leaving it unbuttoned all the way down and just tucking it into the top of the skirt. That would clearly show that I was braless, and I would be in danger of showing far too much skin at any moment if I moved my upper body too quickly. Anyone standing alongside me might also get a good look inside.
There was no question in my mind that the undone blouse made me look slutty. It was the sort of thing that actresses did on the red carpet -- showing off a lot of skin and making it look like they were at all times in imminent danger of showing off a lot more. I thought that they had some sort of tape to help avoid wardrobe malfunctions though. I'd just have to be careful.
Secondly, I could take a t-shirt, bunch up the lower part, and tie it off. I tried it to see what it looked like, and it left my belly and lower half of my torso fully exposed -- front and back -- while pulling tight over my boobs at the front to show that I was without support there. Not tight enough though, I thought, to make him 'happy.'
"Please sir, is this acceptable to you?" I said, after putting on the blouse and carefully tucking it in so that it was held tightly in the skirt. Ideally, I'd have liked this better with jeans and a belt so that it would hold more securely. There was nothing ideal about this though, and I hated this. Asking permission to dress like a... like an, I didn't know what, but certainly not like me!
"If you are okay with this, then I will brush my hair and put on some lipstick and a little mascara and eye shadow. I didn't bother when I went out to the library earlier, but I'd feel more confident doing this for you if I knew that I was looking my best -- and I would think that the guys at least might be more receptive as well."
'Yes, that will do nicely. Cover the camera 'on' light with something unobvious. Then sort out your footwear and then take us through without any more faffing about.'
High heels. Not something I really wore, and not something that I'd thought I'd need much of at uni. I'd brought a couple of black pairs with a lowish heel, but the highest ones were white and strappy with an open toe and a 3-inch heel. I'd brought them thinking that they would work for more formal social occasions, parties and the like.
So then. All brushed, painted, and presentable, I was now going to do this. I unplugged the laptop and took it with me to the door but couldn't bring myself to open it until I'd taken a number of deep breaths, and reminded myself of the consequences of failure to at least attempt to do this. A social media, email, and porn site destruction of who I was. And all of my relationships. Some motivation there!
'Make sure you leave the camera on this laptop in a well-sighted position. I don't want to miss anything.'
"Yes sir," you fucking bastard, I said. "I'm sure that you will be getting exactly what you want from this. Please do me the courtesy of giving me the same. How about deleting a video every time that I do something for you? That would give me an additional stimulus to do my very best for you." And take forever as there must be at least a couple of dozen -- and all the photo's -- but it would be something positive.
He didn't say anything to that, and I'd not really thought that he would. If the threats he'd raised were not sufficient stimulus already, then nothing ever would be. It was interesting that he'd not just lied though. Agreed to delete things, but then not bothered to do so when the time came -- as how could I tell? Wouldn't that have made me more dependent on him in some ways?
****
The flat had our six bedrooms on one side, overlooking the street, and then on the other a lounge area with two big four-seater sofas, a dining table, and then the kitchen, in that order as you came through the front door. This was all open plan, so that when you stepped out of your room you could immediately see who was around, and what they were up to.
My room was the last one in the row. I'd got to the flat before the others and had chosen carefully while my dad trudged back down the stairs to get more of my belongings from the car. The decision to be furthest from the front door and lounge, and the associated noise levels that you would expect from them, had made it an easy choice.
We'd all discussed different expectations of going to bed -- night owls versus early birds -- and the volume limits on the TV and the games console that one of the guys had brought with him. All seemed to be agreed, but it would be interesting to see how it played out in practice. My being furthest from the TV area couldn't hurt though.
I came out of my room in heels and dressed only in my short tennis skirt and an open shirt, feeling absolutely ridiculous. I wanted to turn straight back around before anyone saw me, but it was already too late. Dionne was just getting started on sorting out something to eat pre-dinner, and the guys were seated on the sofas watching the first in a double bill of Simpsons episodes.
Dionne saw me first and gave me a little wolf-whistle, and that didn't help my composure at all. It was nice that she thought I looked good enough to whistle at, and if I'd been going on a date -- not that I ever would dressed anything like this, of course -- then I'd probably have gotten a boost from her approval.
Leanne came out of her room -- two up from mine (with Dionne having the one between us), and went wide-eyed when she saw me. As we were all now in the main area together, I called over to the guys to get their attention -- which I certainly did. In a way, it was quite gratifying. While I knew I was attractive, it was quite another thing to see it acknowledged by the others in this manner.
I asked the girls to come over to the sofas and take a seat, as there was something I wanted to talk to them all about. I put the laptop on the long coffee table in front of the sofas and then sat on the one with my back to the bedrooms -- as the guys were all on the other, backs to the kitchen. The girls joined me on mine.
There was no doubt that there was a lot of curiosity as to what I was going to say. The girls were already asking if I was going out with someone interesting and new (as they were already aware through prior chats that I had no boyfriend), and that seemed a reasonable assumption given my clothing and make-up. Both of which were certainly interesting and new.
The boys were not saying much of anything, but from the looks that they were giving each other, they seemed to think surreptitiously, it was clear that they were aware that this new version of me was suddenly very interesting to them. They had all been polite to me in the week, and I'd wondered if any of them would eventually try and flirt with me, but their interest level had suddenly skyrocketed.
I'd been a bit of a plain Jane, someone that they could see was attractive, but I'd not been putting out that kind of signal. Sitting on the sofa, in just a very short skirt, and showing off almost the entirety of my nicely shaped legs -- while keeping them pinned together as I was all too aware of the lack of knickers -- and an open blouse that showed my entire cleavage and emphasised the lack of a bra, I was showing exactly the sort of signal they wanted.
Those items, along with the high heels I'd chosen, seemed to say that I was up for some fun. Fun that didn't depend overly much on wearing clothes -- and they were hoping against hope that it was going to be with them, even if they were assuming it was for some new boyfriend. Hope springs eternal in horny boys when looking at hot, half-naked, girls.
I'd thought that the heels were to be worn to complete a somewhat strange outfit, but no, it seemed he'd thought this through further. When sitting down, they pushed the back of my feet -- and so my legs -- upwards, which meant that the guys on the other sofa would be able to see underneath the stupidly short skirt to some degree. All the more flesh on display to distract them -- and me.
"I've got something to ask you all," I said. "There is something that you don't know about me and is a little bit embarrassing, and I need your help" Looking around the group, I saw interest and a bit of sympathy for my situation, as I was obviously struggling a little to share what was on my mind.
"It's probably best if I just come out and say this. For some time now I've been a nudist. A secret nudist. I've never told anyone before and, in many ways, I'd prefer not to have had to do that today. Back at home, I didn't wear anything around the house when I was alone, or in my bedroom most of the time. Sometimes I'd go to our local woods and walk around nude as well."
Well, that had certainly got their attention! I'd thought that I'd have a hard time selling this, but suddenly what I was saying, combined with what I was wearing, became more important than what I thought of as the believability factor. Why should they doubt me after all.
"and now I'm limited to my small bedroom -- well, I don't need to tell any of you how small they are -- and I don't know any safe areas outside to go and spend time without clothes. That may come once I get to know this neighbourhood but, for a while yet, I think I'll be too busy to explore. Being a student, I should some get spare time to look around though." I smiled as I said this, knowing we all would have a certain amount of flexible time to study -- or do other things.
"Having to wear clothes all the time is a real mental drain for me. So, I came up with an idea. It's a bit scary for me, as I've never even thought about doing something like this before, but I cannot see any alternative but to at least ask you. Basically, I would like to know if you would mind if I went around the flat naked."
They hadn't seen that coming. They'd been nodding along as I spoke, even though they were looking a bit puzzled as to where I was going with this. Two of the boys had just crossed their legs, and I thought I knew the reason why. The idea of me wandering around the place in the nude was having an obvious effect on their systems.
"Obviously, this is not an easy thing for me to ask and is not something I do lightly. It would clearly change the entire atmosphere of the place and, as we all live here together, it can only be a unanimous decision. Leanne and Dionne may also have bigger reservations than the guys about this. Again, for obvious reasons."
I couldn't read them at all while talking. Other than at least two of the men having erections (and I was doing my best not to check Scott's groin to see if he felt the same), the facial expressions were a mix of surprise, wonder, and puzzlement. All of which I could have guessed really. At least no one was leering at me or making sexual references. Yet.
"This is not about sex in any way. I need to be clear about that. I'm not asking anything from any of you other than your collective permission to walk about undressed, naked, while in your company. I will be absolutely fine if the answer is a no. I'll understand completely and will just stay nude when in my bedroom in that case. But I'd be really grateful if you did say yes. It would help me a lot."
They were amazed by what I had to tell them, understandably. Do I really want to do this was the general line of questioning. Most comments come from the girls sitting on either side of me. The guys are taking in the current view of sexy me, and I can only imagine that they are wondering what naked me is going to look like. Nothing much different than any other girl I want to tell them, but this is hardly the time.
"Yes. Yes, I do want to do this," I say. I lie. I absolutely fucking well do not want to do this! "I should be clear that no one else is, obviously, under any obligation to do the same! I will also cover up if any guests come round. Or at least whoever is hosting them can ask if they would like me to cover up. If not, then I can remain naked -- depending on the circumstances."
And that, I think is that. I was pretty sure that I'd covered all that I'd been instructed to. I hoped so anyway. It was bad enough doing this -- I didn't want to have to pop back out of my room in five minutes to add anything extra. I just needed to remind myself that this was better than those emails being sent. This was better. Right?
"I'll leave and give you 30 minutes to think about it and discuss it amongst yourselves. And then I come back out for an answer. Remember, it needs to be unanimous -- I don't want to impose anything on any of you that you will be too uncomfortable with." I thanked them for hearing me out and, collecting the laptop, left them to their deliberations.
Standing, I tried to walk out with a certain measure of dignity, but the heels, short skirt, and the blouse open down the front probably didn't aid that. I did manage to rise without bending my torso though, so that the blouse didn't open more than it already was. That way if they said 'no' to this stupid plan then they would not have seen my boobs. It was a small win, but I'd take what I could.
I took the closed machine back to my room, assuming that they were all watching the back view of my departure, and plugged it back into the charger. I wasn't going to fail some stupid task just because I ran out of battery power and pissed him off. When I failed, it was going to be at a time and place of my choosing. I nudged the mouse and took it off the screensaver, seeing that there was a new message waiting for me.
First though, that was a thought worth pursuing at some stage. The likelihood was that he was going to keep pushing me to see what I'd do, sitting back like some sort of... I don't know what? Evil mastermind? While he held a lot over my head, there had to be a limit somewhere, a line that I wouldn't cross. I had no idea what that would be, so he couldn't either.
If he told me to go out to the uni campus, get naked and lie down with my legs open, offering to fuck any and all comers, then I'd say no. I'd be thrown out, and police would be called. That wasn't going to happen. He must have a fair guess that I'd refuse such an order, so he'd not go that far. Probably. Or at least not until he was tired of me. Finding out what I would do though, seemed to be a journey of discovery that we were on together.
Sitting on my bed, I tried not to cry and just worried about what answer they were going to have for me. If it is a 'no,' then this creep is going to have to come up with an alternative to get his kicks. I'd also have to keep living with them and they would be seeing me in a very different light now. That thought was terrifying. However, getting a 'yes' from them would also be terrifying. For the first time I'd be naked with people that would see me, rather than might see me (and to date had not).
'If they say yes, then come back in here and strip off before returning to spend the evening with them as usual, apart from being naked on the sofa. Let them all have a good look at you before you sit down. Give them a twirl so that they don't feel the need to sneak looks when they think you are not aware. Tell them they can feel free to look at what they want, when they want. You will not mind.'
I bloody would though. Guys being guys, then they were going to want to look at me a lot. Look at my boobs moving, look at my nipples, look at my pussy through my pubes (trimmed only enough for swimsuit use), and see what I had on offer. I might have said that this was not about sex, but a naked woman always was to a guy, wasn't she? At least to a certain extent.
'In fact, you can say that as you know full well that the guys are going to be eyeing your tits and wondering what they are like, they can -- on this one occasion only -- touch them, so that it is no longer an issue, but is done with and out of the way. Be clear that this is not you coming on to them, and you don't really want them to do it, but as they are giving you something, then this is a little thing in return, and you can all just get on with your lives living together after this.'
Fucking Stephen Hawking voiced bastard! This had escalated rather quickly. A few minutes ago I was offering them nudity, but now I was to offer to let the guys grope me as well! While I might not lie down and offer the whole campus my body, would I do that for my flatmates if he ordered it? At least this would be private, and no one was likely to call the police for acts of public lewdness.
While the three of them might go for this, I didn't know what the other two ladies would think of me offering up my body like this in public. From what she'd said it seemed that Dionne was quite up for sex, and as far as she was concerned that was all part of the uni experience. Leanne seemed very different, and I was hoping that she'd voted the whole proposal down.
'Take the laptop out again so that I can see what they say and if they then take you up on the offer to touch you.'
I'd fallen into a mental thought loop, just generally stressing about where my life was heading, and not noticed that time had been passing so quickly. The retarded computer voice (and could I alter that to something more acceptable?) brought me back. I tucked the blouse tightly into the stupid skirt and, taking the computer, headed back to the living area.
It was Connor who, with something of a smirk, told me that having me naked around the entire flat was acceptable to them all. Bastard. Having me like that was clearly more than acceptable to him and, if he'd said it in a tongue in cheek way, that would have been fine. The way he voiced it though made it sound as if I was fat and ugly -- the very last sort of naked body that he wanted in his sight.
However, there was a stipulation. This would only be for a week-long trial which I could, obviously, cancel at any stage if I wished. This was being done for me after all and, if it didn't give me the intended freedom, then it should be ended straight away. Something which they would all understand and support.
The rest of them would convene to discuss the matter again, without me, the following Friday evening and see where they were all at. If any one of the six wished to halt the experiment at any time during the week they could -- and if they don't want to speak out in front of the rest (and be seen as the one spoiling the others fun), then they would just take the clock off the wall. That would be the signal for all that time was up on the proceedings.
"Thank you all so much," I said looking around at them individually, trying to show gratitude for something that I didn't want to do of my own accord. "It would be weird to take my clothes off in front of you though -- kind of like I was a stripper or something -- so I'll just go and take them off in my room and then be right back."
This time I left the computer on the table as I walked over to my door and entered through it. The blouse, skirt, and shoes all came off easily enough -- the former going into my washing bag as I'd been sweating while wearing it even for such a brief period, but the others going back into their homes for reuse -- but it still took me a while to make the next step.
I stood with my fingers around the door handle for a while, just getting the nerve to do this. I had no choice, the blackmail saw to that, but that didn't make it any easier. I'd been in bikinis on the beach, and I'd been partially undressed with guys. People had seen lots of my body before, but crucially, they had never seen all the naughty bits in one go.
Moreover, while I had been naked around various people that didn't know it, that didn't really count. At least not in my head. To willingly let virtual strangers see everything, and not just once, but almost permanently -- and to then to have to offer to let them touch me as well... shit. Again, the thought of just saying no, quitting right here, came and went. That cost was higher than this pain.
Still, the thought of actually going around this way for at least a week, and then more if they agreed to it, was causing me to hesitate. I had to do this soon, or more pictures would be going out -- and then videos to follow. I was no actress, but I was going to have to play one hell of a role here, to try and fake enjoyment in them seeing me stripped off!
As instructed, I went out and made sure they could all get a good look at me. Nothing was off-limits to their eyes, and I gave them a couple of slow twirls so that they all could see both front and back. I suppose I should be grateful that I'd not been told to jump around in some way to make my boobs bounce, but maybe he'd thought that would not get approval from the group, the girls anyway, as being too rude.
I told them all that there would never be a need to sneak looks at me but that they could all feel free to look at whatever parts of my body they wanted, when they wanted. I wouldn't mind at all, I told them, looking mainly at the guys. I'd not be doing more twirls for them or posing on demand, as that would be too weird. Looking, however, cost nothing, and so they were free to do so.
"In fact," I said. "As I know full well that the guys are going to be looking at my boobs and wondering what they are like, they can -- on this one occasion only -- touch them, so that it is no longer an issue but is all done with and out of the way. Assuming that everyone is okay with this, of course. I don't want to make it weird at all for us as we need to all keep living together!"
I was trying my best to be a bit bright and cheerful as I said this - but not too much. I didn't want them to think that I was on drugs or something and make them suspicious. They needed to buy into the fantasy that this was me doing it of my own accord. A sort of 'hey, I'm so happy to finally be naked that I'll give you a reward' sort of a thing.
"We all need to be clear though, that this is a one-off event! I'm not coming on to you in any way or form, and I don't really want you to do it, but as you are all giving me something special by letting me do this, then this is a little thing in return. We can all just get on with our living as regular flatmates after this."
The guys were all very happy to take me up on the offer, with Connor leading the way. Before doing so though, the girls were asked their opinion. Dionne was thoughtful, but gave a yes, while Leanne didn't seem at all keen. She didn't hold out for long though, and I think it was simply peer pressure that caused her to go along with this.
Connor suggested that this took place in private, with the guys coming to my room one at a time. As Leanne seemed a little uncomfortable with this being a group spectacle maybe this shouldn't take place in front of her. The company as a whole felt that it would be better if the entire group were aware of what was happening so that there would not be questions -- or complaints -- from either side.
That was a decision I was very happy about. The way Connor was looking at me, the last thing I wanted to do was to be naked in a room with him while permitting him to freely touch my boobs. It wasn't that I didn't trust him, but... well, actually, yes it was. Right now, and in this situation, I didn't trust his hands not to wander if we went into a private space.
Previously I'd not had him at the top of my list of favourite flatmates, but right now, he was at the top of the ones I didn't trust for me to be nude with. I hoped that this thing was only going to go on for a week (only for a whole week!), and then get cancelled. For that time I'd have to be very careful if spending time in the flat alone with him.
Connor stood face to face with me and then, slowly, reached out and cupped my boobs. He had one hell of a big grin on his face, and I couldn't begrudge him that. Getting to touch up his hot flatmate in such a way, while she just stood and let him, was clearly a great pleasure. As he'd come up, I was aware that all three of the guys had erections, and that also seemed reasonable in the circumstances, although I wasn't exactly comfortable with it
The deal was for 'around' 10 seconds each as that was held to be an appropriate amount of time to get a good feel, but for it not to be creepy. He took that to the limit and then, still playing away and rolling my nipples while doing so, turned his head back to address the rest of our small group.
"To be honest with you this is a bit weird. It doesn't feel natural just reaching out and touching like this." Not that he was ever intending to stop from all the evidence. "I suggest that we add in a kiss as well to make the whole thing seem less unusual and something we are all more used to. Is that okay Amy?"
Given that he must have been standing there touching me up in front of everyone for nearly 30 seconds already, that seemed like one hell of a cheek, but I just wanted to get rid of him. If kissing him -- something I'd certainly have turned down flat earlier in the day -- was going to end this, then I'd happily agree. I just wanted this to be over.
He wasn't interested in a peck on the cheek -- not that I'd thought he was going to be satisfied with that -- and not even a pressing together of puckered lips. He was straight in with his tongue and pushing through my lips to meet with my own. He wanted me. I could feel the bulge in his trousers pressing up against me, and it was clear that he'd happily throw me over the table and just go for it if he could.
It was Dionne that stopped things. She called out to Connor -- twice before she got his attention as his brain was engaged elsewhere -- and told him that his time was up. He still had one heck of a grin on his face as he released me. A permitted ten-second touching had turned into what must be nearly a minute in total, including heavy kissing and pushing his groin into mine. There was no question in my mind what (or rather who) he'd be thinking about next time he had some alone time.
As he pulled away from my mouth, he leaned in to quietly speak into my ear. Making sure that it was low enough that the others didn't hear, he said one word. 'Slut'. I could hardly complain about that assessment even though it burned me up to have no comeback to him. I wanted to deny it, as I was not that sort of girl. However, all the evidence was against me.
David was next in line and was happy to take up where Connor had left off. He probably only had 15 seconds or so in total but made the most of them. As did Scott as he took his place. They were both fairly nice guys, normal guys, I would have said before this. Although that was unfair. I was the only non-normal one here.
As far as any of them knew I was perfectly happy to invite near-strangers to snog me while playing with my boobs. I could hardly complain or call them anything other than regular guys if they took me up on the offer. While they must all be thinking that I was twisted in some interesting ways, they were behaving normally.
I was about to sit down on the sofa with the girls and spend some time watching a programme or two, as instructed, and as we had all started doing together with our evening meal when Dionne stood up and came over to me. At first, I wasn't sure what she was doing, but that quickly became apparent. She didn't pause but came straight in for a kiss. Both hands fully engaged with my boobs as she French kissed me.
The guys gave us a round of applause from their sofa as she pressed right up against me. Her boobs, under a t-shirt and (presumably) a bra, were squashed up against my naked ones. Her hands slipping down to just hold my breasts from the underside. I'd had no idea she would want to do this, and there had been no inkling of this during the week.
I'd never kissed a girl before and not even seriously thought about it. Casually once or twice, but never seriously. She was a couple of inches taller than I was, had bigger boobs, and was a little more assertive than I was in life. That much had been clear from the start. This though, this was not at all clear.
She'd talked about guys quite a lot and had never seemed to lack a boyfriend. As she was standing groping me, with her tongue looking for my tonsils, playing up to the boy's comments, I had to wonder if this was being done just for that -- or was I also going to have to watch out for her this week.
Bloody hell! Not that I had ever thought that wandering around the flat naked, for at least a week, was ever going to be easy, but this was not the worry I'd had. My original thoughts were all about raised embarrassment levels. Having to watch out for Connor, and now maybe Dionne, and the others... in this way, hadn't even crossed my mind.
As Dionne let go of me, I could see that there were clear fingerprints on my boobs. The four of them had been gripping much the same areas, and while the overall length of time had not been great, the pressure they had been exerting was. Great, just great. For the rest of the evening, I was not only going to be nude, but they would all have a clear reminder of what they had been doing -- if my boobs being in plain sight were not that much in themselves.
The whole experience had been rather unsettling. No one had ever touched me while I was naked before, and this wasn't exactly the way I'd imagined it happening on my first time. I was also, much to my horror, not turned on as such, but my nipples were prominent, and I knew that if I checked, that I'd be a little wet down below.
The first of those issues I couldn't exactly hide, but I hoped that as the second was only a small thing, that no one would notice. I wasn't exactly going to mention it, and while it was still a more or less internal reaction, there should be no obvious sign. I couldn't exactly check how much lubrication I was making, but it seemed minimal, so I should get away with it. Hell, I had to get away with it!
As Dionne left me, everyone turned to look at Leanne to see if she would also take up the opportunity on offer. She was sitting there very red in the face but said that she didn't want to do this. In the end, as I sat down between her and Dionne, she did give me a kiss on the mouth. In, a peck on the lips, and out again. But even this much was only under perceived pressure from the others.
I wasn't sure how to do something as basic as sit down and watch TV on the sofa. Where I put my arms was an immediate difficulty. Did I try and hide my boobs at all -- although there didn't seem much point as they were still red from being touched. Did I try and hide my pussy? Sit with both legs squashed together and maybe my hands in my lap to minimise viewing possibilities?
In the end, I placed my hands on the top of my legs and tried to brave it out. Pretend that there was nothing weird going on here. This was normal. Which, in a way, it was going to be for the next week at least. At least the touching my body bit was done with, so that I'd not have to face anything like that again.
We watched an episode of The Simpsons and then first the guys, and then the girls, went and made our evening meals, returning to eat on the sofas. Most of us were eating simple 'student' food as none of us were any great shakes as cooks. I cooked cheese omelettes for the three of us, with the other two in charge of sorting out a salad and bread to complement it.
We sat down and ate while watching a quiz show altogether. This was something that most of us enjoyed, and the others were happy to go along with it. Part of the fun of this was pitting yourself against the others. All of us were trying to come up with the answers before the participants -- and before the others in the room as well. David had shown us that when it came to general knowledge he was king.
'Normally' at the end of this we all split off to do our own thing, but tonight no one moved when the credits started rolling. It seemed as they were all going to stay if I was. They'd all been looking at me from time to time -- which was fine in one sense, as I'd given them full permission to. On the other hand though, I was hating it. This wasn't my kink at all, and I just wanted to run and hide.
This I did by standing up and saying that I needed to go back to my room to get on with some studying. At this point, Leanne, mightily embarrassed about it, asked if she could do with me what the others had done earlier. I was as humiliated about it as she seemed to be... but yes, I agreed to let her. I could hardly turn her down, could I?
I didn't know why she wanted to do it now, when she'd not taken the earlier opportunity, and when she still seemed very reluctant to do it. Maybe she'd been sitting beside my naked body for the last hour or so thinking of the chance that would soon be gone. If she didn't make a move now, then it would very likely be gone for good, as asking later in the week would be strange for everyone.
We both stood, and she looked straight into my eyes -- both of us being a similar height -- and then she stepped in for a kiss and touch. This was a deeper, more sensual, kiss than any of the others had been, and the touching of my boobs was gentler as well. The boys, and even Dionne, had all been going for something other than the soft caressing that Leanne wanted.
The rest gave us a little clap as we broke off contact. Both of us were a little flushed, and the guys were all commenting on this. Connor said what the others might well be thinking but were too polite to say aloud. He thought we looked hot together and he would be happy to watch if we wanted to continue a little longer...
As I walked back to my room, after giving Connor what I hoped was a withering gaze (at which he had just laughed), I had a lot of questions. Was Leanne a lesbian (which I'd not even thought about before), or had she just regretted missing out on a unique experience? I thought the latter, but what did I know about anything.
With Dionne, I thought she'd wanted to kiss and touch me show me who was boss, to show all of us that she was as sexually experienced as she'd been claiming -- although I didn't quite understand all that which was going around my head in that regard. If the offer to touch me was only for the boys, which I'd not actually stated, then her forcing her way into the arrangement was the act of someone trying to dominate the situation.
However, with Leanne, there had been a real moment between the two of us. I'd not flushed or felt that heat with any of the other four. Three guys, and one girl, had all made out with me in public, and it was the shyer, mousy type, person that had caused me to leak more than the rest, and the general situation, put together.
As I hurriedly, but trying not to show it, closed my room door behind me, finally feeling a measure of safety, I had a scary thought. Heck, was I a lesbian? Or bi? I'd not thought of that before! I was blaming Leanne for what had happened, but whatever it was had been something coming out of our joint participation.
Touching my pussy, there was no doubt that I was wet. I'd been turned on by bits of the evening -- most noticeably that last snog and touching. I didn't know what that meant though. I was only 18 and the internet and porn had shown me that there was a lot of the world that I'd yet to experience.
What I wanted now was a shower and then a chance to get on with a little work before heading to bed. I was only partially conscious that this was not over. For the moment, I was going to block out thoughts of what might happen tomorrow. Thoughts of what the man on the other side of the screen might try and make me do -- would make me do. Right now, I needed some downtime to allow my head to stabilise after a very trying evening.