Katherine Takes Control Chapter 3.

In which Robert persuades Katherine to introduce the cane....
John remained comfortable with the subservient role that he had adopted in the marriage with Katherine. After nearly eight years of marriage life was getting a little stale, particularly on the sexual side, so he half welcomed Katherine's new dominant role. He acknowledged that she, as the older of the two, and as the principal wage earner, should determine how they conducted their lives, even though this meant that he had become a 'house husband' responsible for all household chores. He had already received a beating from her with the crop and he found a new eroticism over her dominance and the thought of corporal punishment by her.
He was apprehensive of the attention that Katherine was giving to Robert, her business service manager, though. He accepted that Robert could make meaningful recommendations on improvements on how the house was managed but John, although excited by the penalties that Robert had determined would be appropriate for work that had not been of the required standard, was apprehensive of the severity of the punishments which had been suggested, although these had appeared to be acceptable to Katherine. Although excited over the prospect he was apprehensive of more serious punishments suggested as due as a result of Robert's assessment.
On a Thursday two weeks after Katherine had last beaten him she was getting ready to go to work as usual. As she was having her shower John saw that she had laid out on the bed the clothing which she intended to wear. It included the blue French knickers and bra he had given her for her birthday and which she had only worn previously on special occasions. As she came out of the shower he admired her nakedness as she started to get dressed. She smiled at him as she drew up the panties. "Robert's panties and bra for today darling," referring to the time when Robert had handled and admired the lingerie. As she tucked her full breasts into the bra he again admired her lovely figure and reflected on what she had said.
As he watched she posed in front of him before pulling on a tight black skirt. She finished dressing, grabbed her bag and skipped downstairs. As she left the house she told him: "Don't bother about supper I will be a bit late getting back this evening." She gave him a kiss, jumped into her car and drove off leaving him somewhat perplexed.
Why was she wearing the French knickers and bra? She never normally wore such provocative underclothing to work, retaining this for sensual evenings with him. He felt his cock rising as he faced the realism. God! She was wearing these intimate garments that he had given her because she planned on another meeting with Robert. But surely her choice of underwear could not be provocative when all she was doing was meeting a work colleague.
xxXxx
That evening she arrived home at nine o'clock and fell into John's arms. The smell of wine was wafting from her. She looked excited with rosy cheeks. As she kissed him deeply she grabbed his cock through his trousers. God, she really was randy. "Get me a drink, darling. I am going to change."
Shortly John had a glass of wine ready for her. She came down in her night clothes, a tee shirt and pyjama pants. She sat on the sofa, took a sip of wine and patted the seat for him to join her.
"Wow that was unexpected."
What?"
"Darling, I saw it!"
"What?"
"He took me to his flat and showed it to me."
"What?" Did she mean his cock? No it couldn't be.
"He has bought a punishment cane specially."
"What? Specially for what?"
"For me, no, for us, darling." She was so excited. As she continued. "For me to use on you, darling. It is made of fibre glass. It is quite thin and it very swishy. It really is fantastic."
"You went to his flat?"
"Yes darling, but we had come from the bar and we were only in his flat a short time."
"So, let's get this straight. From work you went with Robert to a bar and after having a drink or two.."
"Three."
"Three?"
"Yes, three drinks."
"Well that is beside the point. After drinking in a bar you went to his flat?"
"Yes, that's right darling."
"Katherine, you are a married woman. That is not how a respectable married woman should behave."
"Stop this insane jealousy John. He is a work colleague, nothing happened and you have no cause to be upset."
"Well I... er .... I am upset."
"I know that you are darling. But do not worry." She leaned over and kissed him. "Nothing happened." She touched his cock through his trousers. She continued: "Let's go to bed."
There were many unanswered question which John wanted to put to her but temptation gave way. They quickly rolled into their bed and once again he went down on her with his tongue as the previously agreed period of abstention of three weeks was still in force for another four days. She was soaking wet and was ready for anything. He used his fingers on her, then his tongue on her clitoris. She came quickly with a great deal of moaning and crying out. John was so pleased to have satisfied her but he was frustrated. He thought that while she was in this highly charged sexual state he should have sex with her. He got on top of her and introduced his cock to her bush. He stroked her labia with it. She moaned. Suddenly she closed her legs. "No, not yet. You mustn't." She turned her back on him and started to go to sleep. John remained tormented. 'Only four more days,' he thought to himself.
xxXxx
One of John's jobs in the house was to wash Katherine's lingerie by hand. The next morning he was anxious to see if there was any evidence in the French knickers she had been wearing the night before. He took them out of the laundry basket and inspected them carefully. They certainly smelt of her. There was a dried stain in the gusset, but from experience he knew that this would be the result of her leaking, as often happened when she was aroused. He was glad to see no other evidence of discharge. But that was not proof that nothing had happened. If she had had sex with Robert his semen could have been retained in a condom, or perhaps he had ejaculated elsewhere, perhaps on to her body. His cock started to harden at the thought. No, surely not. He returned the knickers and bra to the laundry bag to be dealt with later.
That evening when she got home, she changed into her night things. They had supper that he had prepared and they once again retired to the sofa. "What happened last night? he asked her.
She took his hand in hers. "Well, as I told you we had a couple of drinks after work in the bar down the road. I told Robert that you had received the 18 strokes from the crop as part of the punishment he had advised on. I went on to explain that it had gone well and that we were pleased to have followed his advice."
"Really? I am not sure about that," John said smiling. He kissed her cheek and gripped her hand.
She continued, disregarding his interruption: "Robert told me he wanted to show me something at his flat. Of course I was apprehensive, but curious. I asked him what it was, but he would not tell me. It was all very mysterious and exciting. We walked to his flat and when we got there he took my coat and got me a drink. I sat on the sofa and he sat beside me." She looked at me to see my reaction . "We were just chatting and after a bit he took my hand and gently kissed me."
"Oh, God no." John exclaimed.
"It's OK. It was nothing. I told him 'no' and he pulled back. He told me how he admired me both at work and socially."
She took a sip of her drink. John noticed her hand shaking. She replaced the glass on the side table. Her hand went to John's cock. She gave him a squeeze and started rubbing him. "I asked him what he wanted to show me."
"He got up, went to a desk in the corner and came back with the cane. As I was telling you it really is a proper punishment cane, very thin and very swishy. My heart missed a beat when I saw it. He swished it through the air a couple of times then gave it to me to practice with. It became quite amusing as he stacked some pillows on his desk and made me cane them. He stood behind me and took my hand to show me how to put the strokes right across the middle of the target. We beat the pillows together and he made me use all my strength." While explaining this she continued to rub her hand up and down John's cock which was now firm. She kissed John on the lips and as she drew away she whispered: "He told me that that was how I should cane you, darling." She gripped his cock. John sighed deeply.
"I asked him if he would let me borrow the cane and he replied that it would be better if I was to bring you to his flat."
"Well that won't happen," John said.
"I was holding the cane and rubbing my hands up its length. It was very smooth and flexible." She firmly squeezed the cock in her hand. "I kept on imagining using it on you, my darling."
"He asked me if I would like to receive a stroke. Suddenly my legs wobbled and I completely lost my breath. I got really nervous. I laughed nervously and told him 'no'."
"We returned to the sofa and our wine. He asked me if I had ever been smacked. I told him about my uncle who had beaten me with the yard rule when I was young. He asked how I had felt about it. I had to admit that I did get some excitement out of the thought of it. Eventually he took my hand which was holding the cane and said that I ought to experience it." She fidgeted on the sofa. "My God, I am wet. Please help me darling." With that John got to his knees in front of her and eased down her pyjamas. Her labia was glistening. He knew what she wanted so he put his lips to her vulva. His tongue was well practised in the art now. He licked the small hard button of her clitoris. She sighed holding his head in place.
He looked up to her. "What happened next?"
"I gave him back the cane." She moaned.
"He must have taken that as a sign?"
"Yes. He knew that I wanted to try it." She held his head to her groin. "He took my hand made me stand and lead me to the desk. He made me bend over the desk."
"Oh, no. You couldn't."
"Of course I had my office skirt on which is quite thick. He was very much in charge and told me that he should really remove it. But I told him: 'No.' I was shivering with fright. But I also had a burning desire to feel the cane."
John paused from his task as her vagina became more wet. He looked up at her. She smiled at him. "It's OK darling. Please carry on with your tongue. Shall I continue?"
"Yes, I need to hear it." Her hands went back to the back of his head. John's tongue worked harder and deeper as his cock remained solid in his trousers. She started raising her hips to his mouth.
"I should have stopped him but I knew what I wanted. Darling, I asked him to give me one stroke. He moved back, swished it through the air a few times then lad it gently on my buttocks. I tensed. His hand went to my back as he told me to relax. Then he gave me a stroke right across my bottom. I squealed and stood up rubbing my bottom. It was so painful even though it was over my skirt, but I had a sense of achievement. I had experienced the same cane that is going to be used on you. It hurt dreadfully, but after a couple of minutes I had a deep feeling of desire for more."
John's tongue seemed to have done the trick as she suddenly bucked up her hips, cried out and came. He continued licking up her even more copious juices.
"What happened then?"
"I asked him for another stroke. He agreed telling me that I should remove my skirt. I refused. I got back in position. He told me that this one would be harder; then he struck me. It was like a knife cutting into me but gradually I felt a lovely glow of heat on my bottom. I was tingling and very excited. I felt my vagina excreting. I knew that I would be soaking."
"I felt embarrassed as I got up and told him that I would have to go. He told me to finish my drink. I told him that the cane was very effective as I rubbed my bottom before gently sitting down again on the sofa."
"He replenished both our drinks then sat opposite me in an arm chair. The sexual tension in the room had dissipated."
"He then took one of my hands in his and started talking: 'Your husband is a good man', he told me. 'But there are still penalties which need to be settled as a result of my inspection. We need to look at the rating of 'one'. As you know this rating merited 12 strokes of the punishment cane you have just experienced and two weeks abstention from sexual gratification for him. The house assessment produced four 'ones' therefore 48 strokes of the cane and 8 weeks of sexual abstention are due. I suggest that we carry out the punishment here, and since 48 strokes are quite severe with this cane and, since he is new to it all, we break that down into two lots of 24 strokes and two periods each of four weeks abstention.'"
"Well I was amazed that he seemed to have worked all this out." She told John. "I could feel the warm glow of the cane strokes he had given me and to be honest I craved more. I knew that you would be turned on by this so I agreed his plan."
John stopped his licking and gasped at this. "How could you without asking me?"
She replied in an unusually firm voice. "We agreed that we would accept Robert's assessment and recommendations. I have decided that I want this done." She pulled John up her reclining body and gave him a kiss. "Besides," she looked into his eyes. "It excites me." She licked his ear and whispered. "And... you want to please me.... Don't you?"
"Oh Katherine. Yes. Yes I do"
xxXxx
Two days later she came home from work and after an initial few sips of her Gin and Tonic she told John to sit down on the sofa beside her. "We have one more day of the current sexual abstention period to go. Darling, I am really missing having sex with you," she told him as she took his hand. "I think that you and I should have a week of good sex before we start another period of abstention. How does that sound?"
"Well a week of loving sounds great to me but we really do not need to have another period of abstention."
"Yes darling. We have discussed all that before. Of course the abstention periods are hard on you but Robert says that they are necessary. By denying you any orgasm for a period you can build up your libido for a fantastically erotic explosion of pleasure after a few days. No, I think that it is good for you to be denied orgasm for a period and hopefully you will learn to control your ejaculations better."
John was not happy. "OK," he reluctantly told her.
Katherine continued: "Anyway, I have agreed that I would take you to Robert for a caning at 10:00 am on the Saturday after next. That will give us over a week to ourselves. He told me that the punishment would take less than an hour."
"Oh my God. No. No. I couldn't. How could you?"
She kissed him again and rubbed his cock through his trousers. "You will love it darling. I really look forward to giving you a proper punishment with that cane. You deserve it, and you know it." His cock twitched violently and she smiled as she held it. "And you want it, don't you?"
"Yes, Katherine, I do."
xxXxx
At last the initial three week abstention period was over and Katherine and John had the most glorious eight days of sex. Although they were both working as normal during the week days they ensured that every evening was kept free so that they could stay at home and enjoy each other. They would get home from work put on sensible loose clothing, cook themselves a simple meal, open one or two good bottles of wine, watch an erotic film (they were not into hard porn) then they would make love. They enthusiastically made up for the three weeks abstinence.
On the Friday evening both of them knew that this was to be their last evening when John would be allowed sexual gratification before the next punishment and before the subsequent abstention period was due to start. Although not mentioning it to each other they were both anxious about the beating which she was to inflict on John the following morning. They were cautious what they said to each other and literally 'tip toed' around each other as they had their supper and watched a bit of TV. They both jumped as if a bomb had gone off when the phone rang. Katherine answered it.
John heard only one side of the conversation:
"Hello."....... "We have just finished supper."........."Yes, we know. Don't worry we will be there on time." ...... "Well rather nervous actually." ..... "Actually, he is very nervous." ........"Why do you need to come around?"......... "Oh." .........."I see." ....... "Hang on I will just see what John say."
She turned to him. "It's Robert. He wants to come around now."
"Why?"
"He says that he just wants to talk to us through tomorrow."
"I really don't see why that is necessary."
"John, I think that we ought to let him."
"Oh God." He paused. "OK then, if that is what you think."
She spoke into the phone. "OK Robert we will expect you in a quarter of an hour."
As they had been lounging in their night attire both of them went upstairs to put on a few more clothes.
Five minutes later John was answering the door and was letting Robert into the house as Katherine finished dressing.
He was dressed in a pair of slacks and a polo shirt.
John led him into the sitting room. Katherine, now in a pair of slacks and a green sweater, appeared at the door. Robert went across the room and gave her a kiss on the cheek. John went to the kitchen to get him a whisky. Robert sat down next to Katherine on the sofa, chatted to her and took the drink John brought him.
"I am sorry to intrude, especially as this is your last night before the next period of sexual abstention for John. I appreciate that you will be wanting time together now." He paused and smiled at Katherine and John. "But I thought it would be a good idea to let you know what was going to happen tomorrow."
Katherine looked anxious. "So I will keep this short." he continued. "Four weeks abstention is a long time and it is particularly hard on you Katherine." He patted her on the knee.
He continued. "John, tomorrow you are going to take 24 strokes of the cane from Katherine. This is half of the punishment for those items marked on the assessment as 'one'. Do you understand?"
"Yes, sir," John replied. His heart was thumping in his chest as he felt his penis stir.
"You accept that."
"Yes, sir."
"I want you dressed in track suit trousers with nothing on beneath them. You can wear a tee shirt top. On your arrival at my place, you will strip off your clothes and I will strap you to a restraining devise which I have prepared. Katherine will then administer the twenty four strokes. Any unnecessary movement or noise and the stroke will be repeated. Understand?"
"Yes, sir."
"Once the punishment is completed you may quickly dress and leave the house. Katherine will stay behind." His hand went to her knee again as he looked at her. He turned to John. "You will remember that part of the final part of the punishment was for you to give Katherine away for the night for at least eight hours."
Katherine whimpered quietly and John gasped. "Yes, sir, I remember. But we may decide not to undertake that final part, sir."
"Well be that as it may, I have decided that you will prepare for that event by giving Katherine away for one hour after the punishment tomorrow. Think of it as a sort of rehearsal for the final punishment when you will have no idea where your wife is and what she may be doing for a full eight hours. The bonus of this is that you will get used to the fact that she is away from you while you are at home contemplating what may be happening. She may also be able to lessen your future punishment, depending how she behaves during that hour. Understand?"
"What will happen to her?" John asked.
"That is not for you to know at this stage. I am confident that she will want to do all that she can to lessen your future punishment so it will be a win win situation all round. I am leaving now and will leave a DVD of a girl receiving a severe caning which I suggest that you look at tonight. It will liven up your last night before the abstention period!" With that he finished his drink, stood, dropped the disc on the table, gave Katherine another kiss and left.
John's cock was rampant. He went to Katherine on the sofa. They hugged each other. Then he touched her breasts through her clothing. She sighed. They were both overcome with emotion.
"I am not sure that you should stay with him as he suggests," John told her as he continued to caress her breasts.
"Oh, John. It will only be for an hour. Surely little harm can be done."
"Well I think that he could do a lot to you in an hour," John replied.
Her hand went to his cock enclosed in his trousers. "Well darling, I think that we should go along with what Robert directs."
"Directs?"
"Yes, darling. Directs." Her hand continued her caress.
.
"Well we had better watch the DVD." Katherine told him as she got up and put it into the player.
The DVD was a Russian made porno film with English sub-titles. Although Katherine and John enjoyed erotic films they were not really into watching porno films, so this was a first for them. The story was of a pretty girl who had been found guilty in a court of taking part in an illegal demonstration. She was sentenced to fifty strokes of the cane. There was then much made of signing agreements, a handover to a punishment centre, undressing and a naked invasive medical inspection by white coated 'doctors'. Gradually, as the film progressed, John started to get hard and, as the tension built, he felt Katherine beside him cuddling up to him. She rubbed his thigh and he tightened his arm around her with his hand conveniently holding her bosom, which was beginning to heave as a result of the effect of the film.
"Wow, this is a awesome." she said as she gripped John's rising cock. The girl was led into a room naked where there was a whipping saw horse. Her wrists and ankles were strapped to the legs of the apparatus by two pretty girls wearing little. The end result was that the poor girl was bent over the contraption at the waist with her naked bottom high. The assistants took their places in the side of the room as a well built masked man, naked to the waist and wearing a small loin cloth covering his genitals, walked around the offender swishing an evil looking three foot cane. They noticed that his buttocks were bare as he turned his back on the camera.
"That is exactly like Robert's."
"What his buttocks?"
"No, silly. The cane." Katherine told him. John's cock twitched. She realised how excited he was and removed the cock from his clothes. 'At last,' he thought as it swung out in the fresh air. He eased Katherine's pants down so his fingers could get to her vagina. He was worried about showing her his fearful excitement as his fingers worked on her. She was incredibly wet. "God, this is exciting," she exclaimed.
The masked man walked around the hapless girl then took up position to start the punishment. He swished the cane through the air five times, then placed it gently across the middle of the girl's buttocks and waited for about ten seconds. The cane tapped her buttocks, once, twice, three times. He then struck. Katherine gasped, John's cock jumped in her grasp. At the bottom of the screen the figure "1" appeared.
Slowly a red line started materialising across her cheeks. It deepened. He struck again. A second line slowly appeared. And again. He continued striking the girl at about ten second intervals until she was covered by red tramlines across her arse. By the time the twelve strokes had landed the girl was moving, attempting to get away on the bench. After 25 strokes she was really agitated and crying. There was a pause in proceedings as one of the girls gently administered the bottom by rubbing some sort of balm on it. The bottom glistened in the light. Shortly the man continued with the beating. After 45 strokes he stopped and called over one of the girls. She came to him and removed the loin cloth, thus exposing a generous cock which was at half mast.
Katherine cried out. She gripped John's cock. "God this is erotic," she exclaimed.
The film continued: He advanced towards the poor victim and placed his cock in the crease of her bottom. He rubbed it up and down the fold. Shortly he stopped, took position to her side again and completed the five remaining strokes. By this time his cock was rigid and her bottom was in a sad state. He gave the cane to one of the girls and advanced towards the backside of the victim. The second girl came forward with a tube of some lubrication and squirted it generously over the victim's anus. The camera zoomed in as his now rigid cock hovered at the entrance of the poor girl's back entrance. He eased into position, smeared the lubrication up and down the victims crease with his cock, then put his cock in position for penetration and gave a slight push.
Katherine was wild. She was moaning as she took deep breaths. Her hands were busy working all over John. John in a frenzy bent her over the end of the sofa, lifted her skirt, ripped down her pants and entered her violently. She looked behind her as he thrust into her and her eyes fixed on the TV screen where the large cock was pushing in and out of the girl's bottom. Katherine cried out and orgasmed, secreting a deal of mucus.
They had difficulty sleeping in view of the plans for the following morning. John turned towards Katherine and held her in his arms. "And was the cock in the film as big as our friend's?" He asked.
"What do you mean, darling?"
"You felt Robert's cock when he was here last month giving us the assessment. I saw your hand."
"Oh, darling. My hand was on his thigh, not his cock. Anyway I was caught up in the moment."
"I know you were. That is why I didn't say anything."
"Don't worry. It didn't mean anything. I only love you."
"I think that I know that. Don't touch him tomorrow when you are alone together."
She sighed deeply. "Oh darling." Her hand went to his penis. It was firm and hard into her belly again. She started milking it as they both dozed.
The next morning they got up early, had some breakfast then shared a shower where they touched each other and made love under the jet of water. This was to be their last coupling before the start of the next abstention period. It was loving and gentle compared with the efforts of the previous evening. "Darling, today I am going to beat you hard with Robert's cane and I will get pleasure from doing it. You understand that don't you?"
"Yes I know," replied John in a croaking voice. His heart was beating fast and he shivered as his cock started to rise again. Three times in the last twelve hours. Unbelievable, she thought as she glanced down at his penis.
He took a towel and was drying himself in the bedroom as he noticed that she had placed the blue French lingerie the he had given her for her birthday on the bed. He knew that this was an indication that she wanted Robert to see her in the flimsy material. He touched his hard cock as he imagined Robert looking at her. His heart skipped a beat.
"Would you prefer me in a skirt or trousers," she asked him as she entered the room wrapped in a towel.
He was surprised as it was not often that she asked his advice as to what to wear.
"I don't think that you ought to be too provocative," he told her. "Trousers would be better."
He couldn't bring himself to comment on the underwear.
She got a pair of green loose silk slacks with an elasticated waist out of the cupboard and started to get dressed.
John went to the cupboard put on a polo shirt and grabbed his track suit trousers. He remembered that he had been told not to wear his boxers. He eased up the track suit. It felt sexy without pants underneath, especially as he recalled the reason for their absence. His cock was hard . Katherine turned to him. "Darling, you would look so much better in those tight nylon trousers you sometimes wear for cycling."
"OK, but I will have to wear a jock strap with them," he countered.
She came across to him in her bra and panties. She kissed him on the lips. "I want you to wear them. And Robert said no underwear." She touched his cock. "You wouldn't want to displease him, would you?"
In the meantime Katherine put on a loose silk sleeveless top. As she pulled up the slacks with the elasticated waist she thought how easy it was going to be to slip them down. She admired the tight fit across her bottom in the long mirror. She looked ravishing.
It was 9.30 am. Half an hour to go. "We ought to be going," she told him. He was struggling with his erection in the tight trousers he had been told to wear. He had attempted to keep the hard cock controlled lying up his stomach, but the head tended to push out of the top of his trousers on its own accord. Katherine came to his help by pushing his cock down his right trouser leg. It stuck out obscenely but at last it was tightly contained.
The drive to Robert's house took fifteen minutes. As they were driving Katherine, in the passengers seat, moved her right hand across the seat to rest on John's upper thigh. She tapped it gently. "I expect that you are quite nervous."
"Yes," he replied in a shaking voice. "I have never been caned before."She gripped his thigh. "Oh, poor darling." Her hand started rubbing up and down his thigh. His cock was still hard. "Yes, it certainly will be an exhilarating experience for you." Her hand found the expanded cock through the light nylon track suit. "Oh my!" She gripped the cock. "Oh dear me..... We really are getting excited, aren't we?" It was as rigid as it could get within the constraints of his trouser leg.
"Yes," he croaked."You really want this, don't you?" Her hand played with his cock."Yes."She continued playing while he tried to concentrate on his driving. Out of blue she suddenly asked: "Do you think that I ought to show him my French knickers and bra if he asks?""Oh, Katherine!"Her grip tightened. "Well do you?""Oh, Katherine, please." She slapped the cock. "I know that you want to show off to him in your sexy lingerie but..." She slapped his cock again. "Owee. But it is completely transparent."
She felt the rigid penis it twitch. "You want me to display my body to him in the French lingerie, don't you?"
Another slap. "Oh. Ow. Yes, OK, if he asks.""So you agree.""Yes. But you must not take it off. You really must remained covered.""Good boy." She paused. "As you said you can see right through the material in any case.""Yes, I know. But you mustn't get carried away." By this time his cock was absolutely solid.
"OK. But you told me how much he wanted to see my body in them."
"Yes."
"And him seeing me will give you pleasure as well." She gripped his tool tightly.
He paused before answering. She slapped his tool again. "Oh.... God..... Yes Katherine."
They had arrived and he parked the car. Katherine lead the way to the front door. John's tracksuit was so tight he had difficulty retaining decency. But luckily they made the front door without anyone seeing his embarrassment. Robert let them in and led the way to the sitting room. John's stomach had butterflies and his legs felt weak. Katherine went and sat beside Robert who was sitting on the arm of the sofa. John was not invited to sit. He stood in front of them, knees shaking."John, you need to be aware of one thing. I am in charge and you are to do precisely what you are told. Understand?""Yes.""Yes what?""Yes, sir,""Good. I notice that you have a good erection under there." He pointed to his crotch."Yes, sir.""Did you watch the video I gave you?"
Katherine responded, "Yes, we watched it together. It was most erotic."
"And did you make love after watching it?"
Katherine and John looked at each other. Katherine spoke: "Actually it was so erotic we had sex while watching it."
"Oh that must have been good. Well let's get on. Follow me." Both Katherine and John followed Robert through a door in the side of the room.
They entered a large comfortable room with several comfortable arm chairs and a sofa to relax in. The centre of the room was clear of furniture other than a contraption built out of what looked like stainless steel scaffolding poles. There were two verticals poles from the ground up to about five feet. At the top there was a horizontal pole holding them together. Nearly half way down, at about three feet above the ground there was a slack leather strap about a foot wide also joining the two vertical poles. There were four further poles going diagonally from the vertical poles, at the same height as the leather strap giving stability to the structure. It was thus firmly anchored to the floor. Resting against the structure was a three and a half foot cane. From Katherine's description John recognised this as the recently bought acquisition that Robert had showed her.Robert saw both Katherine and John studying the stainless steel structure. He explained: "A rather ingenious easily transportable whipping post." John shuddered loudly enough for them both to hear. "It really is very simple. The miscreant places his feet by the vertical poles where his ankles are shackled. He leans over the leather support which support his hips high and his wrists are shackled to rings set in the diagonal posts in the front. One can alter the position of the rings to suit the stretchability of the miscreant. An ingenious addition is this hole in the leather. The miscreant places his genitals through the hole so that they hang below. This will prevent an accidental strike of the cane on the testicles which are bound below. If the miscreant is a lady the hole can be put to another use, as you can imagine."
Both Katherine and John were amazed."Now there is no point in hanging about. Katherine please take off John's track suit trousers." Katherine beckoned John to her. She placed her hands on his waist and gently lowered the trousers allowing his cock to spring out. It was hard. She took it in her hand and rubbed it back and forth. She looked him in the eye. "I am so looking forward to caning you hard, darling, with a proper punishment cane." He visibly shivered. "You know that it will do you good and you know that you want it. And I want you to take it well, understand?" She gripped his penis hard."Yes. Katherine."Robert had, in the meantime, gone to the stainless steel contraption and had taken hold of the cane. He beckoned John and Katherine to join him. He passed the cane to John who noticed its pliability and suppleness. He swished it through the air. It made a significant swish. This was a serious punishment whip, just as Katherine had previously said. 'God, Oh hell. What had they got him into?'Robert told John where to stand so that Katherine could strap his ankles to the two vertical parallel bars which were about two and a half feet apart. Robert then pushed him forward so that he was resting on, and bending over, the thick leather support. He was surprised at how comfortable it was. Katherine manoeuvred John's cock and testicles through the hole so that gravity helped them hang down. His cock was still rigid. Robert attached his wrists to the straps on the diagonal poles so that his body was stretched as an inverted U over the leather support. Katherine was no her knees on the floor pulling John's penis through the hole. She needed to have final pleasure from the cock of the husband she loved. She pulled it down, kissed it and then took the bulbous head in her mouth. It was as if they were the only two in the room. "This is the last sexual pleasure you will have until the period of abstention is over," she told him.
Then there was quite a difficult job which Katherine undertook with guidance from Robert getting a leather cock restrainer firmly secured around John's cock. Although beginning to retract it was solid enough to make it possible. John found the pressure of the leather sheaf incredibly enjoyable. A strap was also placed around his testicles. Both the cock restraint and the testicle strap were pulled down and secured. This was a strain on John, but was not sufficiently severe as to cause him too much discomfort. His cock was tightly ensconced and pulled away from his body; oddly it was a pleasant sensation. Although he could not influence it he retained his erection.John heard the switch of the cane whistle through the air three times before it was gently rested on his buttocks. He felt it raise then suddenly swish, crack, it landed. The pain was incredible. A searing cutting across his buttocks. Before he had a chance to do anything the second stroke landed, then the third. And on it went until the fourteenth stroke. All were excruciating pain. He tried to avoid the endless strikes but the tight bindings held his body so he couldn't. On the fifteenth stroke a soft warm glow came over him. Katherine paused while Robert said quietly to her. "Go slower now he's warmed up. And strike hard for the last few."Katherine now spaced out the strokes with thirty second intervals. Sixteen, pause wait the cane rises, seventeen. John looked forward to the next one. He tried to raise his buttocks. He pushed them up. Oh heavens, eighteen. Oh that feels good. Wait, get ready.Katherine paused. There was loud breathing from all three of them."Last six," said Robert."Katherine?""Yes, darling," she said through heavy breathing.
John's voice was frightened: "Please make these six really hard.""Of course, darling."Now he actually looked forward to the next strike. It would be really painful. Suddenly swish. God! Twenty-one. Oh that was so good. Katherine was astounded. His bottom was a mass of deep purple bruising with some drops of blood oozing in places, yet he seemed to welcome more. Swish - Twenty-two. John bit his lip. Oh God, this was so extreme. The cane lifted. Suddenly he felt the rush. He was about to come. He attempted to stop it, but, as all men know, once it is on its way it is impossible to strop. His testicles gave up their splendour; he felt the stream beginning its pulsating flow. Twenty-three. His first spurt through the hole at the end of the cock restraint was a big one, it splashed on the floor. Then there was another. And another. The cock was still discharging. Another pulse. Oh God it was still coming. The cane was raised again. The final strike landed and John's cock gave it's final four pulses in quick succession. John was wasted. His discharge was complete. He felt tremendous.
Katherine noticed the substantial puddle of spunk on the floor. "Oh my!" she exclaimed. She went behind him and gently moved her hand over his lacerated buttocks. "Well done darling."
They released John and he stood stiffly rubbing his bottom. Katherine inspected his buttocks and gently rubbed her hands over the lacerations. She gave him a kiss. She found his trousers, passed them to him and he slipped them on.
Robert turned to John. "As I told you I will be keeping Katherine here for an hour. You drive home and I will send her back to you by taxi."
"But why?" Asked John.
Katherine answered in a quavering voice. "Now be a good boy and do what you are told, darling. I will be home very soon."
John was deeply concerned. It hurt to leave her, but he looked across at her and she gave him a nervous smile. He knew that she would have been aroused by the beating, probably more aroused than he had ever known her to be before. It had been a severe beating by any standards and he knew that she revelled in the pleasure and pain of sadomasochism. He had almost encouraged her to show Robert her body in her panties and bra when she had asked. She would be wet and this would show through her panties. Was it safe to leave her with him in this state?As he walked out of the room he heard Robert say: "Now, my dear, what are you wearing under those lovely silk pants?"He paused at the door listening intently for her reply. But there was none; just silence. He waited. 'God, what was she doing?' He thought. He turned to go back into the room consumed by jealousy and curiosity. He felt he had to protect her. He then heard her sigh softly. "Oh, Robert." He knew her soft silky voice and how it expressed the state of her feeling. If he went into the room to intervene Katherine would be furious. The last thing he wanted at this stage was to incur her wrath, so reluctantly he turned away and headed for his car in the car park.
He got home at 11.15am. Robert had been right. The whole experience had taken not much more than an hour. John's bottom was certainly very sore and driving home had been somewhat uncomfortable. But he felt highly contented with what had happened. Although his buttocks were heavily bruised, which made it difficult to sit down, he felt an inner glow of achievement. He had taken 24 punishing strokes with a viscous cane.
John went upstairs to the bedroom, stripped off his track suit trousers and his top and stood in front of the mirror admiring the effect of the punishment he had taken. It was amazing to see the heavy bruising, but he felt excited as he saw and touched the vivid welts which were raised above the rest of the bruising. Some of these had some blood spots but the sight and feel of the ridges gave him a thrill. His cock was rigid again. He laid on the bed face down stroking himself firmly as he thought of his wife. What would she be doing?To be continued.....