Handy part II
Folks asked for more sex between Michael and Sophia, as part 1 ended with the virgins cumming in seconds. So here we go!
Sophia was standing naked at her sink, doing her morning routine, running her electric toothbrush, looking like a rabid dog with foam on her lips. There was a large mirror covering the wall revealing a short woman with dark hair, wide hips, narrow shoulders and a pleasant face. Though somewhat marked by a port-wine stain the VA hospital had imperfectly removed when she was an infant. She wore glasses with thick black rims, purchased from an optical supplier in India from a prescription she'd measured herself.
Her chest was small, with perky wine-glass breasts. Her nipples dominated the whole breast, conical, large and pointed, two-inch puffies he called them.
Her thighs were thick and strong, with barely a gap between. The flesh around that gap was red and blotchy because of all the attention she'd received last night. Her stomach flexed as she maneuvered her toothbrush to get all the places, turning to watch him, brushing quickly, by rote because she wasn't really paying attention.
Her eyes were on the man standing next to her, Michael. Also naked, standing at his sink, brushing his teeth the old-fashioned way with a normal toothbrush. He used some tooth powder of his own devising, a little baking soda, activated charcoal. And Calendula, he'd sheepishly admitted. Though it was used by spiritualists with broad claims for it's mystical powers, he knew it had mild anti-inflammatory properties that kept gums pink and healthy.
He was strong, taller than her by most of a foot. Padded around the waist 'comfortably' she'd called it when she was on top last night. Pecs that were hidden under the same layer of padding, a little hard to find, you had to grab a wad of flesh pretty tightly to feel them. She'd managed it, and her paw-prints still marked his hide.
His dick was limp now, barely any shorter than when fully activated, which it had been three times since dusk. It was a little raw, he'd deal with that before he got dressed, had some skin cream he'd also compounded himself. Not a pharmacist, he was a trained chemist and had strong opinions about ingredients. This one had a stearic acid base, lanolin and a bit of propylene glycol (to keep from drying out). It also helped keep acne away, a problem he'd had for years until he'd settled on this formulation.
He was looking at Sophia. Well, at her body. Ok, her breasts. He was very much a tit man; just seeing nipples would generally get him hard. This morning for instance. The nocturnal activites had left him sore and a little chafed, yet his dick was finding the strength to respond, if not vigorously then at least obviously.
She noticed, grinned around her mouthful of spit and foamed toothpaste. Spit, rinsed under the faucet, she'd never been one to observe the social graces.
"You horny bastard! How many times is that thing gonna cum in me today, hm? I'm already sore from all the dicking I got last night. My hungry vagina drank all your squirty semen! Yummy!"
Pretty bold words! Nothing she'd ever said in her life to a man before. Would have blushed and been ashamed even a day ago, to think it. But they had an experiment going on: you had to say the sexiest things you could think of, always. Because hearing yourself say it would stimulate your subconscious and make you responses more passionate to ordinary stimulating activities. Activities like sucking and fucking, you'd feel double the sensation.
The experiment had gone well. They'd both cum in a few seconds the first time. Lasted around forty seconds the second time. The third had gone on a good five minutes, but Michael insisted that was purely exhaustion. He kept 'losing his place' because she was bouncing cowgirl, her bobbing tits fogged his brain, derailed anything he had planned.
Just now he was caught unprepared for her sex-talk. He coughed, spitting some of his grey sludge onto the mirror, muttered "Jesus!" and bent to spit and rinse. He had a tumbler for the purpose, was a little more particular about his ablutions than Sophia.
She took the opportunity to get behind him, lean in and cuddle, press her naked body to his backside, both hands reaching around for his stiffie. He tolerated it, as he was surely going to tolerate everything Sophia chose to do or say because he had fallen helplessly in love with her.
Standing in a house yard with his hands in his pockets, minding his own business, and his soul mate had barged chaotically into his orderly life.
He'd first spotted a strange woman stalking along the sidewalk, a grey cloud seeming to hover over her. In overalls and boots, hair in a bowl-cut, big glasses, thick and black. Too shy to attempt a greeting, he'd pretended not to see her until she'd asked for directions. That had set this whole ball rolling, ending up a few days later with them, well, balling and rolling, on his lumpy bed they'd moved into their first apartment together. Impulsively, irrationally, foolishly it seemed at the time but now he was sure, this was where he belonged, it made perfect sense, they were meant to be together.
His dick enjoyed Sophias attentions, enthusiastically. And her absurdly sexy nipples on his lower back were Gawd driving him mad. Her giant clit, stiff, poking at his butt, she was grinding it on him. Michael got hard and started to leak, finding more fluids somehow though he had been sure his entire supply was already inside Sophia's compliant body.
He wiped his mouth on a towel, used it to smear his grey toothpaste spit around on the mirror. Tried to keep getting ready for work, but it was only getting harder.
And, he was getting harder. Painfully so; her strokings on his abused shaft were starting to get critical.
"Hey! Take it easy! That thing has been through the wars. Pretty tender!"
She giggled, let go. Stepped back to her sink, leaned over and braced her arms on each side. Spread her legs and wiggled her hips.
"I know someplace nice and tender, where it can feel safe and loved! My cock-socket!"
He gave in to it, she would not be denied. Planted himself between her solid legs, with one hand spread her meaty lips and with the other found her wet willing hole.
Slowly! Slowly! Don't want to stretch tender parts. But Sophia had other plans, heaved herself back whup! and he was sheathed entirely inside her slippery ribbed vagina.
Michael closed his eyes, gave out a "Huhffff" and put up with it. Not hard to do as her cunt was pulsing, clamping onto him as she clenched her muscles.
"My vagina is eating your cock! Gonna milk a nice big swallow of creamy baby juice out of it! Gonna get knocked up from Michael's fertile meaty semen injector!"
He was not gonna break their five-minute record, not this time, not by a long shot. With her going on about baby juice? His hips were thrusting on their own, erratically. He grabbed her pelvis and held on.
Sophia got inspired, picked up her electric toothbrush and switched it on. Carefully probed herself from under her belly, got the back of the vibrating head on her clit. Her forty-millimeter electric-cattle-prod-sensitive clit.
"Sheeeeeiiit!" That was awesome, being cunt-fucked with Michaels long dong while her favorite vibrating toy buzzed her orgasm-stick, set on high!
"I can feel that inside you!" Michael was surprised, the vibrations transmitted through her flesh to his, making it seem like her body was a vibrating human cock sleeve!
"My pussy is giving you a hummer! It's hungry for your baby paste!"
She was way ahead on sex-talk; he struggled to come up with his own.
"You want my creamy cock-paste in your mouth? Clean those teeth with my busy little sperm? Make your smile gleaming white with my cum?"
"Fuck yeah!" She felt pulsing inside her that she'd learned meant Michael's Cumming! Wriggled out of his grasp, her cunt slipping off of his already-throbbing cock with a slickery pop! Knelt and took him in her hands, aimed his wet semen pump at her face.
Wow! This was a place Michael had never imagined himself: spraying his load in his soul-mate porn-girl's open mouth! Something about her empty maw, her wide eyes magnified by those glasses! Her ridiculously provoking nipples below. Her long tongue stuck out, the pointy tip curled, quivering, begging for his jizz!
"Uuhhhh" and his hips jerked, he spurted, a ropy load spattering her lenses, her nose, her upper lip. The second hard squirt landed on her lips, a good bit disappearing into her open mouth. Her head darted forward, took his tip in her lips and suckled it like a hungry calf, suck suck suck, milking his cock with both hands, just drinking him up like she was having a breakfast cum-treat.
He put a hand to her head, petted her hair, loving her cheek, catching his breath, his orgasmic pulses running down.
"You're gonna give me a coronary with all that sex-talk and cock-sucking! Jesus woman!"
She pulled off, gave him a foamy cummy grin! Put a finger in her mouth and scrubbed at her teeth, giving them a cum-brushing with his warm load. Gargled and pursed her lips, swallowed hard and loud and opened her mouth to show him her clean pink tongue!
"What happened to shy timid Sophia! She's been replaced with a sex-mad porn queen! A cum-bucket of the first order! A cock-sucking load-swallower! Are you a clone, sent here to harvest human sperm for some alien experiment?"
She nodded Yes! and stood, leaned over her sink and got a mouthful of water. Tilted her head back, gargled, spit. Michael was leaning against the counter, his ass creased by the edge, half-supporting himself, cock bobbing and deflating, his knees too weak to take his full weight.
In for the kiss and hug, still tasting of Michael, tongue thrust in where his rightly belonged, Sophia was as happy as she'd been in her entire life. Loving a guy who loved her! Having irresponsible sex every minute! Quivering helplessly on his long dick! Being his sex-kitten, his fuck-doll, his cum-dumpster, the woman he wanted to put all his sperm into.
Heaven.


She had to clean her glasses, brush again, so Michael got ready first, made some simple breakfast. He had brought a small grocery box from his sisters' place, he'd bought them all originally, so he figured he was owed that.
Split and toasted some egg bagels, yellow and tasty with enriched dough. Sophia came out, still naked, she worked at home, not gonna dress until he'd left for work! Her new policy.
She wrinkled her nose, those bagels looked weird. Michael saw.
"Egg! Pretty good! Toasted with just butter or jam."
"I like onion." Said with perfect conviction, not gonna budge on this one.
"The bagel issue could seriously strain our relationship! I'm already doubting your good judgement. First, letting me fuck you! Then the bagel thing."
He took a big bite, flaunting it, letting her see him enjoy his doughy treat. She stood up on tiptoe, went to kiss him but stuck her tongue right in there, got a good taste. Pulled back, chewing on what she'd filched right off of his tongue!
Swallowed, "Ok, egg bagels are pretty good." A concession: their status as soul mates survived its first significant challenge.
"Yikes! I'm gonna be late."
"I fucked you way too much! Sorry! Maybe they'll forgive you just this once? Tell them, you were cumming in me too much to notice the time?"
Nope. "They make no allowance for nookie." He went into their bedroom, she could hear him rooting through a box, came out with his work notebook.
"Maybe I'll come home for lunch? A quick bite." He stooped for a kiss. Sophia put one hand up, blocking his advance.
"You think, just because you cock-fucked my juicy cunt all night, I'm gonna cook for you? Be your housewifey servant cook?" She pretended to be mad, but that could actually be a fun cosplay. Apron, spatula, chef's hat! And nothing else.
He looked askance. "Can you even cook?"
"A little. No."
Ok. "Well, I can cook! We'll go grocery shopping tonight!" and he was off.
It was suddenly silent. Their electric clock didn't even tick. The bathroom faucet was dripping; she went in and fiddled until it stopped.
Picked up his grimy towel, smeared with charcoal spit, took it out by one corner and dropped it in the laundry basket.
What to do? She thought. Well, I should get going on that sensor interface. Before that, set up somewhere, I don't have a bench yet. Before that, log in and check email.
Before that, put on some clothes!
Her wardrobe consisted of overalls or sweatpants. She opted for sweatpants. No bench work today, no need for heavy protective overalls. Underwear? She decided no, let it dry out down there, she was all seepy, his cum and her juices, a swamp really.
She unpacked her laptop, set it on his bench, the top was spotless, he was so organized. Opened it, let it reboot. Poked through her tool crates, found her reciprocating saw, the blade missing, she'd taken it out to use as a vibrator, probably rattling somewhere in the bottom of the box.
Plugged it in, power light! So the electrics worked in here, they'd not tested that last night. Put a foot on the bottom rung of his bench stool, heaved herself up! She'd partnered up with a giant, even his furniture was large.
Thinking about large, she thought of his cock. Flicked her Black and Decker on, set to slow. Pressed it gently! gently to her crotch, to her amazing clit, leaned back on his bench and daydreamed of pecs and cocks and cum and Michael.


"You're late!"
"Sorry sir! I moved into a new apartment yesterday, I guess I overslept."
His boss tilted his head, studied Michael. "We don't pay you enough, to afford your own place. You got a roommate?"
Michael didn't know what to say to that; admit he had a new girlfriend? Who'd just sucked his cock dry? He stood there, openmouthed, silent.
The boss knew, somehow. His face lit up. "You got some, boy! Look like you're getting it on the regular! Good man. About time."
Left him to the job, went into his office and closed the door, gonna read sporting news in there all morning like every morning. Michael looked after him, marveling.
Treated like shit for the whole time he worked here, no respect. Even though he did all the heavy lifting. Did the testing, the colometry, the field samples. Wrote the reports, filed paperwork for the city and county! And never any thanks, the more he did, the more they wanted.
The first real respect they ever show him, is because he has a girlfriend. Coming in late from, well, cumming in her. Was getting fucked! More than regular.
He shook his head and opened his notebook, started copying sample results off yesterday's test strips. Humming quietly, a small smile playing across his lips.


"I'm home!"
God it felt good to say that, to mean it. Knowing Sophia would be here, would be glad he was home.
"In here!" She was in the kitchen. In the kitchen!
He peeked around the corner, saw her at the stove, wooden spoon in hand, pot bubbling away. Naked from the waist up.
"You can cook!"
"Well, oatmeal. Porridge, really, you cook it really slow, it gets gloopy and thick. I add some mmmf"
He was kissing her; it was hard to keep talking. She let the spoon hang from her hand as he held her head in one paw, mauled her breast, kissing and kissing.
Broke, breathing hard.
"I missed you!"
That seemed unlikely; he'd cum in her mouth oh, four hours ago.
"Eat up! You don't have much time!" For what, he wondered, but he got bowls, they'd unpacked the kitchen first, it was all kitted out.
She glopped porridge into the bowls, twice as much for him, scraping the pot clean. Splotted a tablespoon of tahini from a jar in each. Got a spoon for Michael, one for herself, began vigorously stirring it in hers.
Michael, doubtful, followed suit. Took a tentative taste; oh! Good! Started spooning it down, leaning on the counter.
"You want something to drink?"
He eyed her tits, smiled a wicked smile. She rolled her eyes, got some cold cans of fizzy stuff, handed him one.
They spooned and sipped, burped. Stacked the dishes, Sophia agreed she could do that much, she actually didn't mind washing dishes, it was soothing and a mental break from fussing over tiny schematics. And there were just two of them, not the houseful of useless roommates she used to live with, she could wash two dishes, no problem.
"So, we don't have much time?" Michael looked at his watch. Ten minutes home, ten minutes eating. Ten minutes to get back. They had ten minutes together! Plenty of time for lots of things!
Sophia let him by the hand to the center of their living space. No furniture yet, so plenty of room.
She slipped her sweatpants to her ankles, grinning. Stark naked now.
"You're gonna stick your dick into your helpless housewifey servant cook on your lunchbreak! A Nooner!"
Not a fool, Michael stripped out of his pants, unbuttoned his shirt with frantic haste. Sophia stepped out of her single puddled garment, picked it up, folded it over.
Lay it carefully down and knelt on it. Watched as Michael struggled out of his sleeves, they always hung up on his wrists! She helpfully tugged his boxers over his stiffening member.
Still struggling, Sophia helped by sucking his cock into her mouth, slurping loudly along the length, wetting it with her saliva.
There! Michael flung the shirt aside, reached for her. But she turned quickly on her knees, got on all fours, knees on folded clothes to avoid rug burn. Looked at him over one shoulder.
"Doggy me! With your animal rutting fuck-tool! Breed your servant bitch! Make her take your sloppy cum! Inseminate your fertile breeding stock! Fill my belly with warm inseminating sperm!"
Fucking slutty irresponsible woman! Michael knelt between her feet, took her hips in hand and inserted himself to the root!
"Hooooh! That goes, right in there! Bottoms out just perfect for starting babies!"
What had got into her? All this baby talk was alarming. And hot. White hot, that's funny, he'd never thought about cumming inside a woman to make a baby as being...
"I'm gonna fuck five or six Michael-babies up inside you! Gonna get a whole litter started in your belly! You'll drop eggs like a sea turtle! Fertilize the whole clutch! Gonna have baby Michaels crawling around in you, your belly bulged out like a big ol' watermelon! Tits saggy and droopy, swelled up and full of milk! Just pissing nipple-milk all over! Babies sucking at your titties!"
Sophia took all that in, trying to think of a comeback, something else to say that was ridiculous and hot and sexy. But she couldn't think, just feeling his balls slapping her giant clit, an electric jolt every time, it ran right to her brain and shorted out. She just hung her head, eyes vacant, drooling.
Michael bent over her, his padded belly pressed to her strong back, pressing on her. Braced himself on one arm, reached around and pinched! a nipple! Got a good wad of it, twisted and pulled.
"Ghuuuuuuuuh." She was feeling it, knew now what puffy nipples were good for! Getting manhandled, tugged and stretched! Like those nerves were connected directly to her clitty nerves, her hips were going numb from the overload.
He humped his hips back and shoved! His balls batted her clit, his tip jammed into her cervix. Pulled her nipple, cruelly. Leaned on her so hard, she collapsed forward, butt still in the air, Michael still stuck deep inside her, rutting her wet slot, her legs spread and cunt presented for him to slap! slap! his balls into.
Tits mashed to the cold floor, face turned sideways, lips squashed into the wood, pulled back into a grimace. Drooling freely, a puddle forming as her body lurched, propelled forward on each Michael-hump, he was shoving her inch by inch across their apartment with just his dick! She reached back, groping, trying to grab onto him, onto something, it was too much, too much fucking!
"Ahhhwwaaaaaaaaeeeeeee!" and she wailed out her orgasm, her legs scissoring and trembling, his rutting hips holding her body split, cunt splayed open like an oyster.
And she gushed. Fluid under pressure sprayed, squirted out around his cock jammed up in her, ran from her cunt, pulsing. A rapidly widening pool of sex juice, wetting her thighs, running under her belly, warm against her skin.
Too much for Michael, with a roar! he jutted a final time into her, held it, his balls working hard, his cock pumping cum into Sophia, getting washed out by her flow, pumping more through her vagina to smear her cervix.
He retained enough wit to roll off of her, not squash her, let her breathe. Lay on his back, his own legs tingling, his abused member red with clotted semen stuck to it like curd, twitching with his heartbeat.
They lay there, breathing, knowing now that sex could be that good, never suspecting.
Michael checked his watch, always meticulous, saw the time. Stood, unsteady, hunted up his clothes. Dressed, his sticky cock making a damp mess in his underwear.
Gotta get back babe! And he went down on one knee, careful of the sex-puddle, kissed her on the cheek. She didn't respond, one leg still trembling spasmodically.
She heard him quietly go out, the door lock, his feet on the steps.
The thoughts came to her, unbidden. I love him. I want him. I wanna be fucked by him, morning and noon and evenings and all day on weekends.
I wanna have his babies. So much.


Took Sophia another five minutes to sit up, then two more to stand. Slipped in the puddle, went down on one knee, Ow! and now a bruise.
More careful this time, she avoided her puddle, got on her feet, hobbled to the front closet, pulled out a pail and mop. Filled it in the tub; came back and mopped and squeezed and mopped, until the puddle was mostly just water, not girl-cum.
She was an expert at mopping up girl-cum. Her former roommates had sprayed it all over, like alley cats, just let it fly from whatever boyfriend was pounding them in the bathroom, the kitchen, the hallway. That whole apartment had shiny spots in odd corners where she'd missed their glucose messes.
Her sweatpants were soaked, her juice had wandered across the floor and soaked them, a total loss. Into the hamper.
Twice she stopped to wipe Michael's cum from her leg, leaking from her lobster-red cunt lips, oozing down her leg. How much cum did that man have, anyway? And how much fit in her cunt, it must have some sort of reservoir in there, it won't stop dripping. Truly a cum-bucket. Michael's dorky techy sperm-sucking jizz-sponge.
Should get back to work. Considered leaving a swampy wet sex-splootch on his lab stool, decided against it. Got in the shower and rinsed most of that away. Some heavy cotton underwear, that was all, she didn't have that many changes of clothes. Gonna have to wear the overalls to the grocery store tonight, he said he'd cook!
Saw her abused tit in the bathroom mirror, red as a cherry, really something, the nipple was so large, so red. Touched it, tender! Smiled. Titty-torture was awesome.
Ok back to work, laying out an analog signal sampler, optimizing for minimum path length from source through ground, optimizing capacitance. Isolate the signal ground from the A-to-D!
She had to get up once, change underwear again, still seeping Michael-sperm, if she had an egg in there right now, he had fertilized it ten times over! Probably be twins, so much sperm. Triplets.


"How about these? Juicy and sweet!" She held two cantaloupes at chest-height, right where her tits were, gave him an innocent look.
"Put those down!" Michael was not dealing well with her sexy innuendo, not her in public at the corner market. Old mister Vasquez was at the register, had greeted them coming in. Had followed them with his eyes as they pushed a cart down the aisle. Had known, Michael was sure of it, knew his girlfriend was an irresponsible sexpot.
She put them down, picked up a carrot. Held it at her crotch, did a couple hip-thrusts, her twisty orange carrot-cock threatening his manhood.
Michael grabbed it, put it in the cart, glared.
He wasn't mad, not really. He couldn't be mad, he'd come home to find her inhis boxers, nothing else, topless with those tits, those nipples just staring at him, looked like an owl stenciled on her chest. On his lab stool, laying out a circuit board design on her laptop. A combination of supremely competent technician and sex-elf, he'd wanted her immediately.
She'd apologized for stealing his clothes, she'd gone through all of hers over the afternoon. Apparently, they'd gotten soaked with 'Michael-juice that kept dripping from my fuck-hole' and she'd had to change repeatedly. The laundry basket was full of slimy shiny clothing by now.
But they had groceries to buy! So she'd gotten dressed, such as it was, just overalls and sandals!
So now he was shopping with his girlfriend, in public, her tits clearly visible from the side, through the straps in those overalls. The bibs hanging slack, she'd loosened the straps way too far, the denim chafed her nipples she said! He could see how that would be a problem. Wear a shirt! he'd suggested but she just wrinkled her nose, handed him his car keys and headed for the door.
He bought potatoes next, which she juggled, a revelation to him, she could do that! Her arms flashing, potatoes leaping into the air, those bibs flapping, it was both obscene and intensely provoking.
She put the potatoes away, took that carrot from the cart. Wriggled one arm inside her bibs, took the carrot in that hand, disappeared down inside. She staggered a bit, widening her stance, grimaced and then aaah! and her arm came back out, no carrot.
"Jesus!" That was going too far! "Take that vegetable out of your cooch!" he hissed.
She nodded, wrinkled up her face, took a careful step and it fell from the leg of her overalls, rolled on the floor. Shiny, halfway. She picked it up, tossed it back in the bin.
Huff. At his wits end, half infuriated, half intensely horny, he turned back to his shopping list with an effort.
Bok choy, she smiled at that, good stuff! Nothing depraved she could think of to do with that. Fresh tarragon from the spice section. Off to dry goods - flour, sugar, salt, baking powder. Sophia found a turkey baster hanging on a rack; Michael took it from her, hung it back up.
When he had finished his list, they pushed the cart to the checkout. Sophia shouldered her way in front, started unloading onto the belt. Bending over to reach into the bottom of the cart. Way over, taking her time, rooting around, exposing her tits to Mr. Vasquez who recognized cute when he saw it.
He rang them up with a small smile, something to take home to Mrs. Vasquez tonight, she'd enjoy the story. And probably take him to bed early!
"We forgot beer!" Michael was a wine guy, but Sophia had to have her beer. She squeezed past him, trotted back to the rear of the store where the cooler was.
"Sorry!" and Michael followed, no problem, they were the only ones in the place at the moment.
He found her inside, considering.
"A porter, a stout or a Dunkel?" She was serious.
"I don't know; I've never dunked!" A lame joke, but she was already in a mood, she laughed.
"No time like the present!" and she knelt in front of him, unzipped his pants. He tried to fend her off, but not seriously, he wasn't going to manhandle his soul mate, he wasn't that kind of guy. Well, her tits, sometimes, but that was different.
She reeled him out, balls included, he was already hardening, and she slurped a third inside her mouth. Used one hand on his balls, the other holding him at the root.
He looked down at her, the top of her head moving rhythmically, her bibs slack and showing him her tits, those monumental nipples grazing the cloth, reddened, they really were chafing in there!
"Huh. Huh. Hurry. Somebody might..." and he lost the will to speak, his head back, one hand behind him, bracing against a stack of Guinness cases.
Sophia bobbed and stroked, fondled and rolled his balls. They were getting tight, from her stimulation or from the cold? Time to find out.
She scooted back, craned her neck forward, straightening her neck like a baby bird and sliiid! onto his cock as far as her gullet would allow. Got more than half inside before she gagged, pulled back, her abdomen convulsing as she suppressed the gag. Tried it again, got further!
"Soph...so...s..." and she felt his balls clench, his meat ripple in her mouth and then felt his semen warm in her throat. Held on, far as she could go, let him empty his jizz into her stomach in spurts, felt it going down.
When he relaxed, she pulled carefully off, unthreading him, letting his soft cock slip out of her face, slimy jizzy spit ropes splotting across her chin.
Stood and let him sort himself out, decided "Porter!" and picked up a case, left him in the cooler, heat coming off him in waves, his wet cock rapidly shrinking in the cold.
He caught up at the checkout, found Sophia paying with cash. Thanking Mr. Vasquez with a glassy-eyed smile. Mr. Vasquez said Thank You! Come Again! and followed them with his eyes as they wheeled into the parking lot.
Michael got a look at her as they unloaded into the back of the station wagon. Her chin and neck were clearly smeared in snotty cum. She grinned, wiped some off with a finger, flicked it onto the pavement.
"What am I going to do with you?" Exasperated.
"Me? That was all you! All your yummy cum! Painted my face! Filled my throat! Face-fucked me!" Not really, she'd done all the stroking, but it was fun to tease.
She got a funny look, Buurrped! and giggled.
"Appetizer! Now it's time for dinner!"


They got home and Michael insisted she strip out of the overalls, let him work some of his skin cream into her nipples. They were sore, and it was nice to have a boyfriend stroking her breasts, warm and slippery.
Leaving her sitting on the bed warm and soft, chafing soothed and nipples stiff, he abandoned her for the kitchen.
"Gotta get dinner started!"
She let him get to it, she was useless in there. Redressed. Stripped the bed, took that and the laundry basket full of jizz-laundry to the front door.
"Gonna start a load of laundry!" she called and headed out, down the stairs, found the laundry room in the alley back by the parking spaces. She dumped the basket in, put the sheets in another machine, bought some soap from a vending machine, started them both.
Thought about it; stripped out of her overalls and stuffed them in too.
Naked now, except for Michael's boxers, she retraced her steps, across the courtyard, feeling the cool of the evening on her skin, her lotion-damp breasts. Clambered up their stairs, knocked on their door. She'd not brought her key. Where would she keep it?
"Just a minute!" he called, probably elbow deep in some cooking stuff. So she relaxed, turned, surveyed the evening from her third-floor vantage point. Some teenagers kicking a ball around on the grass opposite the apartment building, across the main road in a park.
A couple across the way, curtains not drawn, sitting on their couch watching TV, she could see the reflected light playing over them. Hands in each other's laps, inside their clothes, rubbing one out. Watching porn?! Cool.
Their door opened, Michael saw her standing bare-naked on the doorstep, took her hand and pulled her into their apartment, closed the door.
"I leave you alone for like a minute. And you're getting into trouble!"
"Not yet! Far as I know!"
Jesus.
"What can I do?" She was being helpful.
"Just stay still! Don't do anything! Put on some clothes!"
Nope. "All my clothes in the washer." It was true, overalls and sweatpants and she'd shot her wad.
Consternation. "Set the table?"
She could do that! Got two plates, flatware, two cups, set them out neatly. Noticed Michael's cloth napkins in a holder, so she set them out too. She was a folded-paper-towel girl herself.
Something was smelling awesome. Asian-y but also Italian? What was going on in there!
"What's in the pot?" She was lifting the lid, watching little white wads dance around as the water boiled.
He gently put his hand on hers, closed the lid. "Gnocchi! Italian potato dumplings! And I'm making a tarragon sauce!"
In a tiny pot he had put butter and flour, was working it with a wooden spoon, it became playdough, then started getting brown as he mashed it around. At the critical moment he dumps cream in, lots of cream. Stirred until his playdough was dissolved and the mixture became glossy, then started to thicken.
"When's the tarragon make an appearance?"
He smiled, rinsed some limp weeds under the faucet, shook them off, handed them to her.
"Now! Strip the leaves, just dump them in there!"
She did, careful to not get the woody stalks in, just the long narrow leaves. Started to smell luxurious almost immediately.
She used his wooden spoon to stir it around, push all the leaves under so they could release their tarragon goodness. He smiled; she said she wasn't a cook! She could make this, now.
He had a hot skillet, was trimming the baby bok choy, just heaping the defenceless white-and-green stalky-leafy things into the oil. They started to wilt immediately.
Doused them in brown sauce, drizzled some oil, put the lid on.
"Ready in five minute! Wash up?"
She had other ideas.
"No! Bad girl! No sex for Sophia! Not while there are pots on the stove!"
Michael was fending her off, dodging and protesting. Not gonna let his supper burn, which would happen once she fastened onto him.
She relented, went to wash. Nothing to change into, she peed, debated, pulled the boxers back up. Re-tied the waistband, they were ludicrously too large, enough extra she could tie a knot in it! But her cooch showed through the leg-holes pretty readily, any time she moved or walked or sat down. So, all the time.
Washed and padded into the kitchen. Michael was dishing up, had the plates there, two piles of goodness: the dumplings, fat and covered in tarragon-cream, and the bok choy, all limp-like, similar to boiled spinach. She suspected she was going to hate it.
"Sit! Let me get you a beer!" He rummaged in the fridge, found a bottle of her porter.
"It's not cold yet?" He was pouring some red wine for himself, into a fancy glass. She grabbed the bottle from him.
"They drink it warm every place but the US." She'd been in seven countries, growing up. Warm beer was normal for her.
They sat, he looked at her expectantly. Ok she could do this! Potatoes, wilted weeds, how awful could it be?
Placing one drippy aromatic dumpling in her mouth, she tried it with her teeth. Rubbery, a little give, and that cream! Oh my god! Inhaling, she felt she might swoon.
A hard swallow and "Oh Michael! If I wasn't already fucking you, this would make me want to for sure!"
He grinned, already sure his cooking would meet with her approval. He began eating, alternating with sips of wine, his eyes closing with each bite. Likes his food!
She twisted the top off her beer with her calloused beer-bottle-opening hand, slugged some down. Parched!
"The bok choy is braised in oyster sauce with sesame oil."
It smelled weird. Not sure their relationship would survive this test. Took one weedy limp rag on her fork, closed her eyes and stuffed it in, expecting to gag.
It was... something else. Savory, not soggy or slimy, still some resistance. The greens were tasty, not bitter, didn't taste like iron filings. And that oil! Something toasty and awesome. Sesame? She'd only encountered that on a Big Mac bun before.
He laughed at her surprise, glad he could show her some of the things he loved.
The beer and the supper went down quickly, a long day of work and athletic coupling had left them with low blood sugar. Cream and potato did their valiant work, replenishing their strength.
"I'll wash up! You cooked!" She gathered the plates, licking hers on the way to the sink. He was aghast and pleased; she really liked it!
"There's dessert! Dishes in the fridge!" He called to her in the kitchen. She felt a stab of what? fear? and anticipation! Michael was making her feel so many things, a decade of experiences in a few days. It was heady stuff, she'd felt envy and lust and dizziness, shame and boldness. Had sex seven ways, which was seven more than in her whole life before Michael.
There were two stemmed glass dishes, wide, filled with some brown goo. Sniff! Chocolate! This was going to be easy. She carried them out, went back for spoons. Arranged one in front of him, the spoon aligned neatly, this dessert seemed to deserve that little grace note.
"So cute! How did you get it in there without smearing the glass?"
He smiled. "Piped it! Put the mousse in a plastic bag, cut off the corner, squeezed it gently in!"
A lot of fuss for chocolate pudding. Whatever floats his boat! Anyway, she sat, holding her glass, raised it to him! and took a small spoonful.
Silky, smooth, buttery. Intensely chocolate! And something else, whatever it was, made it double-delicious. Chocolate pudding on steroids!
"My god Michael! This is incredible! I could kiss you!"
He was tasting his, smiling. "I have another idea, if you really want to thank me."
She grinned, stood, bent over the table on her elbows, not surrendering her pudding, tasting it in tiny spoonful's, it was so rich you didn't have to do more than nibble to get the full effect. Her privates were lewdly obvious through those boxers, and not a little wet. She'd wanted him all evening.
He left his pudding, scooted his chair back, came to stand behind her. That had worked so good at lunchtime! The best fuck yet, doggy-style, rough and fast.
"Fuck me, you culinary genius! Garnish me with your cream sauce! Put your pudding in my cup! Show me the secrets of your meat probe!"
He giggled, which was quite a thing coming from a man of his considerable frame. Dropped his shorts and put his paws on her, clamping her body in his huge hands, holding her steady.
"My cock is a cunt gourmet! Gonna taste your soft tenderloin, garnish your velvet meat with my savory sauce!"
That was pretty good, she was going to compliment him, but he chose that moment to slide his length into her. The slick warm mating thrilled her to her core, feeling his cock thread into her body gently, come to rest fully socketed in her hips. She bent her head, took a breath, feeling him feeling her.
She breathed, took a bit of mousse, sucked it off the spoon as he started moving. Sex and dessert! A perfect combination. Feeling deliciously satisfied from both ends! Treats for tongue and cunt!
"Stir my sweetmeat so you don't leave lumps! Whisk my gravy! Put some pepper into it!"
He picked up the pace, pulling further, stroking faster and ending with a little bump! which jiggled her clit. She soon had a little stiffy, her clitty-cock engorged and sensitive. She took another bit of mousse, licked it off of her spoon. Closed her eyes and imagined it was his cum, chocolaty and sweet.
He was going faster, getting a little irregular, nearing his limit of sweet slippery Sophia-slut fucking already. He'd been a virgin the evening before, was not yet able to pace himself more than a minute or two.
"I'm... I'm... gonna nut in your... sweet body. Spray inside your pussy, pound my semen... into your womb. Knock you up... my amazing beautiful... sexy Sophia! Fuck your twat! Fucking! Gonna! Cum!"
Sophia had a mouthful of pudding, her saliva started flowing, she was drooling brown spit onto the table, cursing under her breath.
"Cock suck fuck my womb cumming shit fucker pound! Pound me! Knocked up. Cock fuck cunt! Gugggh!"
She buried her face in her napkin, grunting out her orgasm as she felt his stiff cock filling her, spilling more warm semen into her vagina that could hold so much, so much Michael love!
"Cumming in you! Your fuck slot! Gawwwwwd!" and he was jabbed into her as far as he could; paused then pulled back and rutted into her again, hard, held it, emptied his semen directly against her womb, quickly filled her slot and his cum flowed out where he was jammed into her body, ropy drips of cum splatting on the floor under their fleshy connection.
Michael braced himself with one arm, leaning over her, careful not to put his full weight on her, panting.
"Jesus! Your cunt squeezes me when you cum! I feel it like, like when you were sucking me and your mouth was clamped on! Your vulva convulses on my cock right at the root! Makes me cum every time! Like my cock knows, You're balls deep in Sophia's cunt, time to ejaculate!"
Sophia giggled, muffled by the napkin. Raised up a little, felt Michael's belly against her back, snuggled into him. Warm! Lovely! Her jizz-shooting humper-man! All the lovely cock and cum she could ever want.
She found her spoon was still in one hand, the glass in the other, she hadn't spilled. She took a big spoonful, savored it. Mmmm! So many ways he showed his love.


"So you told them you have a cum-bucket girlfriend?" Sophia was shocked, and a little pleased. She was washing up the pots, still naked but for those shorts. Some of Michael's cum dripping down her leg, she ignored that, it was normal now.
"No! They guessed! And finally, I have respect at work. The guys saw me, talked to me! Asked me about stuff, even complimented my work!"
Michael's life was better in every way. A roommate, finally free of his sisters' manipulations. A girlfriend, smart and sassy and exciting! Respect at work.
All because Sophia stopped and talked to him! It was unbelievable, unlikely, impossible. Soul mates, that had to be it.
"Oh! The laundry!" Sophia had finished, was leaned over, used the dishrag to wipe her calf, chase the semen-track up her thigh to her drippy slot. Wrung it out in the dishwater, pulled the drain plug.
"I'll do it! You stay here!" He gave her his sternest look, not at all sure she wouldn't scamper naked across the courtyard. He had a brain flash.
"I have the complete Firefly boxed set! Choose an episode! We'll watch one tonight."
That did it; she lit up, went back to find it in his stacked boxes. "The box coded blue-yellow!" All his boxes were color-coded. He watched her mostly-naked backside disappear into their bedroom, then went to deal with laundry.
By the time she found it, found the episode she loved (JaynesTown) and cracked another beer he was back.
"Got most of the cum out! Maybe a little spot in the sheets. I'm drying them on warm so it doesn't set too bad, should be done by the time this is over."
They cuddled together on the floor, a blanket and pillows for a couch. Have to buy furniture, that was in the plan but for now this was nice. By the time the episode was over with the final ambiguous moral, "Don't make no sense." gave way to the credits, Sophia was nodding off.
Disentangling himself, he went out briefly to fetch the laundry, made the bed with the warm sheets. Fetched Sophia from the floor-nest, helped her to the bed groggy and silly. The beer? The sex? The pudding? Who knows.
Tucked her in, got the blanket and pillows and spread that out. Sophia smiled, rolled over, reached for him.
"I gotta get some sleep! We can't keep having sex half the night!"
"Ok." Sleepy, not listening. "Just a quick one."
Gawd. Michael stripped, slid in on his side, lay on his back, refusing to cooperate. Sophia solved that by scootching over, rolling over on top, plastering herself to his body, laying entirely on him, warm.
He responded as he always did, involuntary reflex he thought, no help for it. Kissed her sleepy soft lips. She pulled away, half rising, getting her hips humped back, finding his dick already half-rampant. Socketed herself over him, mated, all the way, held it there, just loving his dick inside her warm vagina.
"I love you." There. She'd said it, it was the right thing to say, to be honest with Michael, he had to know.
"I know." The jerk, using the Han Solo line, she bounced on him gently with a sleepy smile. Meant that to be a protest but it felt nice, mixed messages.
"I love you. Since I saw you, my heart jumped in my chest and my world revolved into place and I knew, my life is supposed to be with you."
That was better. She tried to lay back down on him but he was leaning forward, bending to get something.
Oh! Her tit. He wanted to suck her nipples. So she scooted forward a bit, half-off of him, half unsocketed, plenty still left inside, turned her torso so he could latch on.
Michael licked at her puffy brown stain, working his way around, savoring her bumps and her wrinkled areola. Tried to cover it with the wet flat of his tongue, not enough, not nearly, his big wet tongue could not cover it all! She smiled happily at that. More than enough for him!
Wetting it, then mouthing it, Michael gently squeezed her conical nipple, working it. Felt her cunt gently working him, as he sucked her tit, her cunt clenched on his cock, in perfect synchronization. He did that for some time, letting her feel the connection, feet her sex get soft and then damp and then sopping.
He took as much of her breast in his mouth as he could, sucked, feeling her swell in his mouth, against his tongue. Let go, found her nipple again, and gently, firmly bit!
"Ooooohfff." She felt that, straight from tit to clit to cumming, cumming, releasing her fluids onto the end of his cock, onto his belly. Felt him pulse in her, adding his little bit to her flow.
She shuddered, spent, kissed him. Slid off, slippery and warm. He rolled onto his side, followed her, spooned her, his belly wetting her rump, her back. His arm around her, his hand nestled between her breasts.
Almost asleep, she managed to mumble "Ruined the sheets again." He let that be, content to ruin sheets, he had his Sophia here, he loved her more than sheets or an orderly kitchen or color-coding or anything.
Well, maybe when the baby was born, maybe he'd love the baby more. That would be fine, plenty of love to go around.