"So come on then. If you had to sleep with one person in here, who would it be?" I asked my wife Sara.
"I'm not answering that," she replied, "only you darling."
"Oh come on, we're on holiday, and nothing is going to happen."
She thought for a while this time rather than cutting me off. Sara and I had been married for 5 years and were now in our mid-thirties. We had been together for just over 10 years and had made a choice not to have children as we loved to travel and both had careers that took up a lot of time. We were sitting outside a bar in Gran Canaria on a warm night, drinking a Dorada beer, their local brew. The bar was typical of those in Playa del Ingles, the main party town on the island. Larger groups of men and women mingled with couples like ourselves, all taking advantage of the deals the bars there would offer you to get you into them.
"If I had to pick somebody, it would be that barman," Sara said with a shy look. "He is sexy."
I wasn't surprised by her answer as he was a good-looking lad in his mid-twenties, with dark tanned skin and dark hair. Most of the girls that came in flirted with him, and he loved being the centre of attention. I could imagine that he had his pick of the girls that came in looking for a bit of holiday fun.
"I thought you would say that," I replied, "I can see you've been checking him out when you thought I wasn't looking. I think you would make a lovely couple."
"Ben!" she protested with a slap on my leg, "you know you're the only man for me."
"I would love to see you and he get it on," I found myself saying out loud what I was thinking. I'd never admitted this to Sara before, but I often fantasized about her with other men and women. Even I wasn't sure whether I'd want to see that for real, but it was one of those fantasies that kept coming into my head.
Sara looked a bit shocked and hurt that I'd said this. I probably needed to be careful how I worded my explanation to her.
"Why would you want that?" she asked, "Surely no man would want his wife doing things like that with another man?"
"I don't know why I like the thought," I continued, "but I can't think of anything hotter."
Sara took a long sip of her beer and continued people-watching.
"Let me guess which girl you would most like to sleep with," she countered. "It has to be the blond over there with her boyfriend with the big tits that are nearly spilling out of her top."
"Guilty as charged," I laughed. I was trying to gauge her response to this conversation, and I don't think it was all negative.
We sat and watched the crowd come and go for the next hour or so while continuing to drink. Various singles were now in the process of chatting to people they fancied, and a couple of the more successful ones were now kissing in the darker area at the back of the bar.
"I need to get my head around this Ben," Sara said after a while, "What turns you on about the thought of me doing sexual things with somebody else? This has shocked me a bit if I'm being honest."
"It's hard to put into words," I replied, "but remember the times that you've told me about sex you've had with previous lovers? The sex we had was amazing, as hearing you tell me naughty stories like that got me so horny. I think that it has just developed from there about picturing you with other men."
"I get that bit," she went on, "And I like it too when you told me things you used to get up to. Is it that you want to sleep with other women?"
"No, not at all," I quickly countered. "All of these thoughts I have involve you, so it's nothing like that."
"Well that part is a relief," she went on, "I was worried that you wanted me to stray so you would have an excuse."
"No, please don't think that."
"Ok, I believe you. But you've got to understand that this has come out of the blue a bit."
We ordered more drinks and I changed the subject to what beach we would spend the next day on and how hot it was going to be. Both of us also noticed the girl who was kissing the man at the back of the bar lead him out by his hand towards the taxi rank. They were going to be having some fun tonight, and I was now also feeling horny.
The barman that Sara had admitted to fancying brought our drinks over. I smiled when he practically ignored me and spoke only to Sara. I could see him looking her up and down, checking her out, and making no bones about the fact he was doing it. She was wearing a short flowery dress with ample cleavage on show, and no bra to cover her 34D tits. He could see that she was married as her ring finger accepted the beer from him, which made me wonder how many married women he made passes at. I was now trying to read Sara's body language as she looked a little flustered by his obvious attention.
"I think he likes you too," I said jokingly, as he walked away from our table, "he wasn't giving this much attention to any of the other girls here."
"Don't get any ideas," she snapped looking red with embarrassment, "I'm not going to be doing anything with him."
I could read Sara like a book. And it seemed that whether she liked the idea or not, she was thinking about him, and what it might be like with him. Even if it was just for a fleeting second.
When we got back to the room that night Sara pounced on me the moment we got through the door. She pinned me against the wall and was feeling my rapidly stiffening cock as she aggressively kissed me.
"Is this what you imagine me doing to him?" Sara asked as she undid the button on my shorts.
She was kissing me again before I had the chance to answer and now had her hand inside my boxers as she started to wank me. I loved this Sara as she rarely took the lead like this.
"What about this?" she went on as she started to pull my cock hard, "you would love seeing my hand wrapped around his big cock wouldn't you?"
I could feel myself beginning to groan now as her attention grew faster and more frantic. I lifted her dress now and felt her pussy through her knickers. She was soaking. I don't think I have ever seen her so turned on. After just a few seconds of rubbing her, she pulled back and knelt in front of me, taking the tip of my cock into her mouth. There was no teasing here as she sucked my cock like she was trying to devour it. I could feel my orgasm approaching and Sara could too.
"Where would you want him to cum?" she asked me, "inside me, in my mouth, on my tits? Come on you dirty boy, tell me."
"I'd want him to cum in your mouth," I answered, short of breath from the blowjob she was expertly giving me.
She went back to sucking me without another word, taking as much of my cock in her mouth as she could. When I came she didn't flinch as the first bolts hit the back of her throat. She was looking up at me as I filled her mouth with cum, never once taking her lips off of my cock. She kept sucking until the very last drop was gone and swallowed it all. Sara said nothing and walked away into the bedroom. I was finding it hard to read what she was thinking. She was certainly turned on by the dirty talk, but I sensed that she wasn't ok with my revelation that thinking about her with other men was a fantasy of mine.
"Well, are you going to join me anytime soon?" Sara called for the bedroom as I got ready for bed.
When I went through, Sara was laying naked on the bed with her legs slightly parted towards the door. When I approached the bed, she opened them fully and slid her hand down between them.
"Tell me what you want that barman to do to me next," she asked me, "Would you want to watch him lick my cunt?"
Sara rarely if ever used this word, which was a good indication that she was extremely turned on, and probably a bit drunk.
"I think he would want to stand here and watch you play with yourself first," I replied. Although it had only been a few minutes since my orgasm, I could feel myself getting hard again. "I think he would stand here and admire you while he started wanking too."
Sara groaned and started to work harder with her hand now.
"I bet his cock is huge too," she moaned, "I bet he's bigger than you are."
My 7-inch cock was now like a rock again, but I was imagining that this fit Spanish barman had 9 or 10 inches. It was clear that Sara was too. It only took her about another minute before she came, thrashing around on the bed and screaming. Before she had calmed down, I positioned my face over her wet hole and started to taste her. Holding her legs back, I licked her from her asshole up to her clit, which made her shiver. I repeated this a few times before concentrating on her clit which had her cumming again within seconds.
"Would you want him to use a condom or fuck me bareback?" Sara asked when she got her breath back.
"No condoms," I said as I slipped fully into her, "I want to see his cum leaking out of your pussy when he's finished with you."
"Fuck me hard, use my cunt." Sara shouted at me.
I did what she told me and pounded into her. This wasn't making love as we usually did, this was raw fucking. I lasted longer this time having just cum, and after a few minutes moved Sara onto all-fours so I could fuck her from behind. Again we went at it hard. I held her hips and thrust into her, my balls slapping against her which made her shout even louder. I then thought I would push her a bit further and started to rub around her asshole with my thumb as we fucked. She moaned at first and didn't protest so I gently entered her tight hole.
"Not my arse," Sara told me, "not tonight. I want you to finish in my pussy."
"What if he wanted your arse? Would you stop him?"
"No," she whimpered as I fucked her harder.
"What was that?"
"No, I'd let him fuck my arse," she shouted, "Is that what you would want me to do?"
"Yes, I'd want him to use every piece of you for his pleasure," I told her as I could feel myself approaching orgasm again.
I didn't manage to hold out long enough to fuck her arse as her words tipped me over the edge, and my cum poured into her. We both collapsed onto the bed sweaty and spent. Our sex had always been good, but far more loving. This had been raw and animalistic as if we had just met and were using each other for pleasure. Something had fired Sara up this evening, but she was keen to make it clear that the talk had been just that, and nothing more was to be said about it.
The next day we went back to the beach in San Agustin, which is far quieter than the one we had been going to, and felt much more relaxed than our usual spot in Playa.
"I think I'm about the only woman not sunbathing topless!" Sara said when I returned from the cocktail bar with drinks.
"I did notice that," I replied, "It's hard to know where to look sometimes. Why don't you join them?"
"Well, I'd always covered up as I didn't think you would be comfortable with me being half-naked in front of people. Until last night that is."
"I wouldn't be bothered at all," I reassured her, "It's pretty normal here by the look of it, very different to at home."
Sara sipped her Mojito and thought about it. I was pretty sure that it was our conversation last night that had emboldened Sara to be a bit less conservative. Even though she had made it clear that she wasn't interested in actually doing anything with other partners, it had certainly seemed to open her up a little bit. Maybe part of that was the carefree feel of a holiday in the sun, but I sensed that something had changed in her.
"Would you put some sun cream on my back?" Sara asked when he had finished her drink.
She lay on the sun lounger and allowed me to unclip her bikini top. She let out a little sigh as I massaged the cool cream into her skin. When I had done her back she slipped her top off and turned over, freeing up her fantastic tits. Sara put her cream on the front, which was probably a good job as I could already feel myself getting a bit hard looking at her. She said nothing more and lay back to sunbathe. I could see people that were walking past looking at her. She has a fantastic figure and was now only wearing a pair of bikini bottoms that tied at the side. She looked beautiful. Having random men admire her was turning me on more and more, and I sensed that Sara knew this.
Later in the afternoon, we had a dip in the sea with Sara still topless. She pressed herself against me when we were up to our shoulders and I could feel her erect nipples against my chest.
"I'm feeling horny again," she whispered to me, "I want to do it in the water."
My heart was racing but Sara was now rubbing my cock through my shorts. I looked around and there were only a few bathers and nobody within about 20 metres of us. I slid my hand into her bikini bottoms and felt the warmth of her pussy that contrasted against the cold sea. She kissed me to stop herself from moaning as I fingered her, and I could feel her natural moisture becoming more. I pulled my cock out of the top of my shorts while Sara pulled her skimpy bottoms to one side, and she let me support her weight, wrapping her legs around me under the water. I entered her easily and the natural motion of the light waves carried us up and down. She cuddled me tight as she ground her hips onto me and rested her head against mine. Suddenly I could see a man swimming past only a few feet from us with goggles on.
"Sara, he can see what we're doing!" I whispered to her.
"I don't care if he can, don't stop," she told me defiantly.
We continued to bob up and down in the water tightly pressed together with my cock in Sara. I could visualize what the swimmer may have seen, Sara's bare arse with her bottoms to one side, and my cock slowly moving in and out of her. The thrill of us being seen soon had me cumming and I pulled Sara tightly into me and kissed her neck as I came inside her. We quickly sorted our clothing out and made our way out of the water back to our sun loungers and I went off to get more cocktails.
When I made my way back, Sara was laying on the lounger and as I approached she opened her legs slightly. I wasn't sure whether the wetness was the water or my cum that would now be leaking out of her. She left them slightly open as other people walked past, not caring whether people knew what we had just done or not.
"I can feel your cum leaking out of me," she told me, "I wonder what that couple would think if they know?"
"They might go and try it themselves if they did," I laughed.
"No, they don't look the type to me,"
"I didn't think we were the type either until 10 minutes ago!"
Sara giggled and took a sip of her drink. I was loving this new adventurous side of my wife and wondered if it was just the carefree feeling of being away on holiday that had brought this out of her, or our dirty talk the night before. Whichever it was, we were having some of the best sex we ever had. Sara then recognized the man who had swum past us walking by. He did not attempt to hide that he was checking out Sara's tits and smiled. Sara once again parted her legs slightly on the lounger and smiled back. I could sense that all three of us knew that he had either seen or guessed what we were up to in the water, and seeing Sara acting so sexually again turned me on more than I could imagine.
"Do you think that man did see what we were up to?" Sara asked while we were getting ready to go out that night.
"I'm sure he worked out what we were doing even if he didn't see," I replied, it was pretty obvious to anyone close."
"Did you like it that we might be seen?" she went on.
"Yes, I loved it."
"So did I," Sara looked a bit embarrassed to admit. "I wanted him to see you fucking me."
I was surprised by this. We had gotten carried away in the heat of the moment earlier, but I had expected Sara to clam up about it a bit more now the moment was gone. She loved the thought of being watched.
"Do you think I'm some kind of pervert for wanting a stranger to watch us having sex?" she asked. Sara looked genuinely concerned about what I might be thinking of her. It couldn't have been wider of the mark, however, as this sexually free Sara was what I had long wanted to explore.
"That couldn't be further from the truth," I reassured her. "I loved it too, and it excited me to think somebody might see us. The sex we've had in the last couple of days has been the best I can remember."
"I'm so glad you don't think I'm turning into some kind of whore," she continued, "I'm going to tell you a little secret later, and I think you'll like it. I need a couple of drinks for Dutch courage first though."
This had me intrigued. I didn't know what it was that she was going to tell me or where this was going to go.
We settled into our usual spot in our favourite bar after we had eaten and the barman Sara liked served our drinks. I was desperate to hear what it was that she was going to tell me. She put it off for the first drink and told me to wait a bit longer, but once the barman had delivered our second beer and flashed Sara his smile, she finally opened up.
"You remember me telling you about my first proper boyfriend Alex?" she started, "Well today reminded me of when I was with him."
I was intrigued. I loved hearing about Sara's exploits with her former lovers, but she wasn't always comfortable opening up about these.
"I've never told you this before, but he used to love the thrill of being caught or watched," she continued, "We were only 18 at the time and used to have sex in his car more than at home as there was rarely any time where either of our houses was empty."
Sara took a drink and I allowed her to continue her story.
"We used to drive up to a spot in the forest where loads of couples used to shag in their cars. Some couples used to hang their clothes up in the windows so nobody could see in, but we used to just get down to it. Anyway, one night I was sucking Alex's cock in the back, and he spotted somebody watching outside."
I loved hearing her talk like this. It was rare to hear her talk about her past as she had rarely told me much about what she got up to before we met. We were both 24 when we met, and I knew that she had lost her virginity when she was 16, so I had to assume that she'd had her fair share of lovers before we met. Alex was her first serious boyfriend and she was with him from the age of 17 until 19. I only knew of one other serious boyfriend that she had been with for a couple of years until not long before we met. She was always reluctant to tell me more than this and always commented that a lady would never divulge how many lovers she had been with. I was enjoying hearing her open up a little bit more.
"Alex jumped a bit when he saw the man which startled me. He motioned at the man to go but he didn't, he just kept looking," Sara was enjoying this particular memory by the look on her face, "In the end, Alex just said let's give him a show then. I said no at first, but I was so horny that I just went along with it. I took my top off and wasn't wearing a bra. and I never wore any knickers under a loose skirt when we went up there as it was easier than trying to get undressed in the car."
"So this guy could see everything then?" I asked her, adjusting my erection that was now uncomfortable in my shorts.
"Yeah, everything," she confirmed, "Alex held my skirt up so he could see my arse going up and down, and my tits were bouncing in his face. I could see him touching himself outside, but I don't think he dared to get his cock out. Alex came pretty quickly, and as soon as we were done, the man disappeared. We got dressed in seconds and got out of there. I don't think either of us spoke until we were back at home."
"What did he say about it?" I asked her.
"We both agreed that we loved it and that we had done nothing wrong. Both of us admitted that we felt guilty after but didn't know why. It wasn't like we had done anything with this man. Anyway, we kept on going up there and there would be people coming over to watch us. We didn't know what dogging was at the time, but I guess that was the crowd we were doing it for. We never opened the windows or doors to involve anybody else, neither of us was sure about inviting any of them to join us."
"Do you ever wish you had?" I pushed her a bit further. I was so turned on hearing my wife admitted that she loved being watched by strangers.
"I always wondered what it would have been like, but neither of us wanted to bring somebody else into our relationship. I didn't think about the whole thing much after as we split up not long after it happened, but today brought it all flooding back."
"Well I loved it too," I smiled at her and put my hand on her leg, "I don't mind you exploring your exhibitionist side anytime you want."
She blushed and smiled. She looked even more beautiful when she had that flushed pink look about her. It felt like we had opened up a different phase in our lives in the last couple of days. I hadn't thought about it before now, but we rarely opened up and talked about the stuff we liked that turned us on sexually. Maybe we had settled into a bit of a rut when at home. I wanted to know more about this side of my wife I didn't know.
"Come on then, you tell me something about you that I don't know yet," Sara asked me, "I've let a secret out, now it's your turn."
"Ok, I once had a threesome while I was at University," I told her, "with a mate and his girlfriend."
"You didn't?!" she said with mock horror, "I had no idea I was married to such a dirty boy. Although it does explain where your fantasies are coming from. What was it like?"
"To be honest, it was ok and nothing more. We were all drunk after a party, and Tom had told me that Ally always wanted to have two men at once, and asked me to join them. I quite fancied her, so I jumped at the chance. By the time we got down to it, we were all a bit hammered. It wasn't bad, just a bit clumsy. We never spoke about it again after that night, and it was a bit awkward after that. We didn't see much of each other after that."
Sara listened intently but reminded me that she wouldn't be doing anything like that, and not to get any silly ideas.
The following day was our last on the island, so it was one more day on the beach to top up the suntan before a final blowout in the bars before heading home to work. The beach was less eventful than the previous day, but by the time we reached the bars, it was getting busy. Some of the faces we had been used to seeing had left and there was a load of new faces that had just arrived. Our favourite barman now knew it was our last night and started to give us free shots with every beer we bought, and we were soon both pretty drunk. We ended up chatting with two girls from Yorkshire, one of whom was supposed to be on her honeymoon. As we drank together, she poured her heart out as to how her husband-to-be had ended things just a week before they married. He was having an affair with a woman he worked with. She was teary at first, then angry, and as she got drunker, she was determined that she was going to find somebody to go home with that night.
Charlie and Donna as we found out they were called could drink. We ended up going along at their pace, which had both of us a bit worse for wear.
"Joe, my dickhead ex didn't like it that I liked girls as well as boys," Charlie slurred, "I didn't do anything while we were together, but he had issues with the fact I'm bisexual."
"Most men would love that," I chimed in, "I know I would."
"Well he was a bit different to most," she went on, "Anyway, fuck him. You would fancy me wouldn't you Sara? If you weren't married."
Sara smiled and looked a bit embarrassed. She shook her head in agreement, although it was more than likely to avoid offense. Sara had never mentioned any interest in women, although I'd found out a few things I didn't know about my wife that week.
The drinking continued for the next hour or so before the girls went to the toilet. When Sara came back she looked flustered and red again.
"Charlie just asked us to go back to her room tonight and tried to kiss me!" she blurted out as the other two girls got another drink in.
"What did you say to her?"
"I said no of course! I don't think it's a good idea when we've had this much to drink."
"Fair enough," I responded, not wanting to push her too far, "But if you could do it without any emotion if you were single now, would you?"
"Yes I would," Sara admitted, "I don't know why, but I am attracted to her."
"Look, I'm not trying to push you into anything you don't want to do," I reassured her, "but you can have fun with her and it doesn't have to end up in full sex. Even if you wanted to just snog her to see how it feels, that would be fine."
"Will you promise me you won't push to go any further than that? If she asks us again to go back with them, please say no. I am curious to find out how it feels to kiss a woman, but I don't want to have sex with them."
"I promise you I won't," I reassured her again. "Look, why don't we go through to one of the quiet tables in the back where it's darker? You sit with Charlie, and I'll keep Donna amused."
"What do you mean by that? Keep her amused?" Sara had a bit of a scowl on her face.
"Well, if she feels left out, she might want a bit of a kiss and cuddle!"
She slapped my leg but didn't say no.
"Ok, but nothing more than a snog and maybe a bit of touching," Sara said much to my surprise, "We stop all of this after tonight ok? This is just something we did on holiday."
I nodded in agreement and moved through the bar to the tables at the back. You could still see them from the bar, but they were at least off of the main street. We motioned for the girls to come and join us, and Sara guided Charlie into the seat next to her. As soon as she sat down Sara went for it and turned her head to kiss her. Charlie responded straight away and their kiss soon became passionate. Charlie soon had her hand on my wife's tits, feeling her through the thin material of her dress. Donna moved closer to me now and I could feel her hand on my leg, she smiled as I looked at her and then moved in to kiss me. It felt so horny kissing another woman while my wife was just across the table doing the same. Some of the drinkers, and the barman could see what was going on. Neither of us cared. It was out last night, and we were never going to see any of these people again.
Out of the corner of my eye, I could now see Sara feeling Charlie's tits, so I did the same to Donna and I could feel her hand wandering up my leg towards my cock. She began rubbing me through the material which had me about as hard as I have ever been. I pushed things a little bit further now and put my hand on her inner thigh, and she parted them slightly to invite me to go further. I soon found myself rubbing Donna's pussy through the material of her denim shorts. I sneaked another look over to Sara; her hand was now under the table on Charlie. It didn't take a genius to guess that she was also touching her pussy as they devoured each other. Charlie then moved her hand under the table and looking at Sara's face, I could guess where she was touching her.
"You four should get a room." I heard somebody say with a laugh. It was the barman who had come round to collect glasses. I don't know how long he had been watching, but he could see hands wandering over bodies as well as us kissing.
Sara took this as the moment to stop and broke away from Charlie.
"We need to go," she announced, "I don't want this to go any further."
"Please stay," Charlie implored her, "we're just getting warmed up, and there is so much fun we could all have."
I could tell that she was thinking about it, but only for a few fleeting seconds before she confirmed her decision. I felt relieved in a way, but also a bit disappointed that I wouldn't get any further with Donna that night. In the back of my mind, I knew that something like this wasn't a good idea when we hadn't discussed it. We both had some fun, but it felt like the call to leave now. We said our goodbyes to the girls and got out of the bar as quickly as we could.
We didn't say a word as we made the short walk back to our hotel. I grabbed Sara as we walked through a dark alley that led to the hotel and pushed her up against the wall. I kissed her hard at first, then pushed her skirt up and eased my hand between her legs. As I suspected she was soaking.
"You loved that didn't you?" I whispered in her ear as I fingered her through the material of her knickers.
"Yes." was all she could manage as her groaning grew more intense.
"I can tell that you wanted to fuck her," I continued, "you wanted to taste her pussy didn't you."
Sara nodded and gasped as I slipped my hand inside her knickers to rub her clit.
"Would you have liked to watch me fuck Donna while you were doing Charlie?" I pressed more.
"Yes, I wanted to see you fuck her hard," Sara whispered in my ear.
"I would have fucked her from behind while you sat on Charlie's face," I continued. I could hear that she was now close to cumming. "She would have loved to taste your cunt while I fucked her friend."
I could feel Sara's juices running out over my fingers as she came, and I slipped two fingers from her pussy to her mouth so she could taste it.
"This is what she would taste like."
Sara licked her juices from my fingers before we saw a couple enter the alley from the hotel end. Sara quickly straightened her dress and we carried on walking toward the hotel. The couple smiled and we again wondered if they had seen what we had been doing. As soon as we were in our room I bent Sara over the dresser, pulled up her skirt, and yanked her wet knickers to one side. I was inside her in seconds, and cumming in less than a minute. My orgasm seemed to go on forever as I pumped into her. As I withdrew loads of drops of cum leaked out of Sara and onto the carpet below.
We collapsed in bed and said no more about what we had done. We both woke with a hangover in the morning, and neither of us brought up what we had done the previous night. I was nervous to speak about it in case Sara felt embarrassed. I hoped she didn't, but knowing her as I do I had an idea of how she was feeling.
We quickly settled back into our routine of work when we returned to London, and neither of us spoke about the things that happened over the last few days of our holiday. I wanted to explore these further but wasn't sure of what Sara's reaction would be. Did she want to forget it ever happened? Did she want to try other things? Was she embarrassed or feeling guilty about what she did? I had no idea so decided to book us a meal so we could discuss this elephant in the room. I text Sara and told her what I was thinking.
I've booked us a table at Sachin's tonight at 8. I want to talk about what we did on holiday a bit more x
I suppose we should discuss it. You're not angry with me, are you? x
Course not, why would I be? x
Just the things I did with Charlie, got a bit out of hand x
Don't be silly, it was as much my idea if not more. Please don't worry about it x
It has been bothering me. I didn't know whether to bring it up again once we got home x
Let's chat about it later. Let's just agree to be open and honest with each other about what we're thinking, and what we might want to do next x
I'd like that x
I felt nervous that night almost like we were turning the clock back 10 years and going on a date. I hoped that Sara would open up about the experience we had enjoyed on holiday, but had a feeling deep down that she would want to put an end to it once it was out in the open.
We settled down at our table and ordered our food, getting a bottle of wine while we chatted and waited. I could sense the tension in her voice as we discussed the mundane parts of our day. After the first glass of wine was finished, Sara finally opened up.
"I've been thinking about what happened on holiday a lot," Sara finally brought it up, "It's been bothering me ever since."
"In what way?" I questioned her.
"Well I enjoyed some of the things we did," she went on, "but it just feels a bit wrong. I was always brought up to think that sleeping around is wrong, porn is wrong, and you should say with one partner. Yet here I am admitting to you that I enjoyed being watched having sex, and kissing a woman."
"So you did enjoy it then?"
"Yes, it really turned me on," Sara went on, "But I just couldn't help thinking what our friends or family would think of us if they knew what we had been up to."
"Sara, we're adults and can make our own decisions on what is right or wrong," I reasoned with her, "I know that all of this is a bit new to both of us, but we didn't go off doing things behind each other back so nobody was getting hurt."
"I know. This is why I feel so silly saying all of this," she continued, "I know you were fine with what happened, and I didn't mind seeing you with Donna either, but I'm still feeling this guilt and I don't know why. I guess what I'm trying to say is that I want to experience different things with you, but it just feels wrong."
"So what are you thinking?" I asked, "You want to try other things, other partners?"
"I'm not sure about other partners," she quickly responded, "I mean it was hot, but we'd drank a lot that night, and I'm not sure I could decide to do something like that. I do love the idea of somebody watching us though. I used to love that with Alex years ago, then what happened in the sea brought all of those feelings back. Including the guilt about enjoying something that we're not supposed to do."
"Well stop feeling guilty," I told her, "We can be the ones to decide what is right for us and nobody else. So you would like us to have sex and people watch us again?" I pressed her.
"Yes," she said quietly, "but I just don't know how we would do it. It felt natural on holiday as it just happened, but how we would plan it I don't know."
I was delighted that Sara had opened up, and I could understand how she felt. I knew that her parents were religious and believed that sex was something that should only be done within marriage, and certainly not involving others whether watching or joining. Sara still felt this guilt about how she was feeling. My mind was racing though as she wanted to experience the thrill again, but how would we do it, yet make her feel comfortable?
I spent the next couple of days looking at dogging sites and etiquette. The one reoccurring theme that Sara had mentioned was when she and her first boyfriend Alex had been watched having sex in his car. I felt that I had to make this happen for her again.
"How would you feel about us going to a dogging site?" I decided to bring it up a few days later. "I found a site a good way away from home so we would be unlikely to meet anybody we knew, and I've had a look at the kind of rules they have."
"They have rules at dogging sites?" she laughed.
"Well it's kind of a code of conduct," I continued, "Hear me out, it's not as mad as it sounds. People go for different reasons. Some go to have sex with multiple partners, some just for touching with others, but only sex with their partners, and others just go to be watched. You don't have to involve others, and they seem to respect the fact that some couples just go there to be watched and not to involve others. That seems to be the most like what you enjoyed."
Sara nodded and confirmed that this was similar to what she had enjoyed years ago without really knowing that there was a whole scene dedicated to it.
"Why don't we go and have a look one weekend soon and see what you think?" I suggested.
"Just to see what happens?" she inquired, "not to do anything?"
"Yeah, why not," I went on, "If you don't like the look of it, or it feels threatening, we get out of there and don't go back. If you feel happy and safe with it, why not give it a go."
"Give me some time to process all of this," she eventually responded, "I need to think about this."
I could think of nothing else throughout the week and hoped Sara would decide to try out my suggestion. It was the Wednesday of that week that Sara messaged me to say that she wanted to give it a try this weekend. She made it clear that we were just going to watch, and not to put any pressure on her to do anything as she wanted to take this slowly. I had no intention to suggest anything more, but it confirmed my suspicion that she was interested to see what happened at these meetings and possibly participating in the future.
I spent the rest of the week on various message boards looking for details of any meetings. I found one eventually that was about an hour away from where we lived. They were very guarded about the exact location of the meeting at first as they did not want to attract attention from any unwanted parties, but it was eventually posted up a couple of hours before the meeting started.
"So are you sure about this?" I asked her one more time before we set off.
"Yes, I want to see what this is all about," Sara replied, "Let's do this before I change my mind."
I could sense both nerves and excitement as we drove to the meeting point, and Sara said very little on the hour-long drive. When we got there, there was only one car parked. The spot itself was a public car park on the edge of a country park that was busy by day but quiet at night. We parked about 20 metres away from the other car and waited. I could see Sara sinking in her seat, scanning the area for any signs of life. She was wearing a baseball cap and had her hair tied back instead of having it down as she usually did. She was worried about being recognized, although, in this darkness, she needn't have worried.
"Promise me that we can go if I don't feel comfortable with this?" she eventually broke the silence and asked me.
"Of course," I reassured her, "just say the word at any point and we can get out of here."
She smiled at this and held my hand as we waited. We were there for more than half an hour before anything started to happen, but when it did, things moved quickly. At just after 10 pm a couple more cars came into the car park and stopped near the car that had been here since we arrived. The car flashed its interior lights and suddenly things started to happen.
"That's what Alex used to do," Sara whispered.
I smiled to myself and thought that Alex had a lot more idea of what he was doing than Sara had back then. She didn't have a clue that he was inviting people over to watch them and had thought that it was all just random. The penny was dropping now that he knew what he was doing all along.
Several men appeared from out of the trees and surrounded the car, they had been waiting out of sight for the signal to go. A few more emerged from the other cars that had parked next to them. We couldn't see what was going on inside the car, but there were now about a dozen men looking in through the window for a better view.
"Do you want to go over there and get a better look?" I asked Sara.
"No," she quickly replied, "I want to stay in here. I can guess what's going on over there."
The couple in the car must have had sex for about 15 minutes before the internal light in their car was switched off and the crowd moved away. They soon drove away and another car then entered the car park and parked a couple of bays away from us. This one was different. They did flash the interior light again, but this time the couple opened the car door.
"That's a sign that they want people to join them," I told Sara.
She remained silent as we had a great view inside the car once they opened the door. The woman was probably in her late 30s and was wearing a short denim skirt that barely covered her knickers and a blouse. She sat in the back seat as her partner got out and spoke to the group of men that had now moved around to their car. We couldn't hear what was being said, but it was clear what was about to happen. The woman took her top off to reveal an ample pair of tits. She was wearing no bra. She also took her knickers off and hitched her skirt up around her waist. A man then approached her and stood at the car door with his back to us. We couldn't see what she was doing to him, but we guessed he was sucking his cock. After a moment she laid back and opened her legs for him to position himself. We had a great view of the man fucking her with her legs draped over the seats of the car. He lasted no more than a minute before withdrawing and removing the condom as he moved away from the car.
"They're going to gangbang her aren't they?" Sara asked rhetorically. She said nothing more as more of the men approached the car and fucked the woman in the same position. I counted 7 of them that did her before she was helped out of the car by her partner. She then proceeded to lean against the car with her legs apart and invited the next man to fuck her from behind. Once again we had a great view as one after another fucked her, removed condoms, and disappeared into the night. By the time they had finished, I guessed that she had fucked around 15 men in nothing more than an hour. His partner kissed her as she put her top back on, pulled her skirt down, and walked back round to the passenger seat of the car and then they were gone.
"I can't believe I just witnessed that," Sara said quietly as the area was once more dark and empty.
"Did you enjoy it?" I probed a bit further.
"I think so," she replied after a few moments though, "I wasn't expecting to see a gangbang tonight that's for certain, but yeah, it was hot to watch."
"Do you want to do anything while we're here?" I asked her.
"No, not tonight," she responded, "Besides I think everybody has gone now they've had what they came for."
Her words were encouraging. Not tonight was better than not at all. It was always hard to gauge what Sara was thinking. We made love when we got in and Sara opened up as we lay in bed after.
"I want to go back next weekend," she told me, "If you want to of course. I couldn't do what the gangbang girl did, but I think I could get off on being watched. That was the bit that made me horny. I don't know why any man would want to see his partner get fucked by 15 men. I just don't understand it."
"I get it," I responded.
"So you would have been ok with it if that had been me in that car?" She questioned. It wasn't anger in her voice as she questioned me, but she did seem surprised that I would even consider something like that.
"Don't be mad at me, but yes I would," I felt that I needed to take this chance, to be honest with her again, "It doesn't mean that I love you any less, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen, and the thought of watching you receive pleasure from other people turns me on so much."
"But fucking other people goes against our marriage vows," she continued, "That's why I didn't want us to go any further when we were on holiday, it would be cheating."
"I don't think it is cheating," I went on, "Cheating is when somebody deceives their partner and goes behind their back. The couple we saw tonight wasn't cheating, they were sharing that experience. I get that only the woman was involved in any sexual activity, but the man was there as a willing participant and enjoyed watching what she was doing. How can that be wrong?"
"I do understand where you're coming from," Sara admitted, "But my marriage vows are important to me, especially the bit about forsaking all others."
"I do understand what you mean, I honestly do. But remember how good it felt when we were on holiday? Was that cheating considering we both did things in view of each other?"
Sara shook her head and agreed, but I don't think she was convinced at this point.
"Look, I won't push you into doing anything you don't want to do, I promise you that." I went on, "I'm more than happy to go with the flow, and if you're happy for us to be watched, then I'm happy with that too. I do have one more idea though, and you're going to have to trust me on this one."
"Ah no," She protested, "You can't tell me that and nothing else!"
"Just trust me." I reiterated, "You will like it."
The following week I thought of nothing else but our return trip to the dogging site that we were planning. Looking at their message boards, people had been discussing the gangbang from the previous weekend, and it seemed like things happened at this spot every weekend. I knew then that if Sara went through with it, we would have a crowd.
My plan for her that weekend was to get her a sensual massage in the afternoon before I picked her up and we went to the site. I had a couple of reasons for wanting her to experience this. I knew she loved a massage, and it always turned her on, plus I wanted to push her a little further when it came to being touched by another man. I picked a private masseur who offered a service at his home as I wanted it to be something a little bit more than the usual service you got at an aromatherapy place. He explained that the massage he gave would be non-sexual, but he would expect her to be naked and there would be some touching of her breasts and buttocks as part of the full body experience. It sounded perfect.
Saturday soon came and I told Sara while she was in the bath. She didn't protest when I explained to her that she would be naked for this massage as I explained to her that he was a professional and that it wasn't some "happy ending" massage for ladies. I left her to it and told her to be ready for 7 pm, and that I would drop her off.
Sara had chosen a dress for our evening which made sense as it would give me easy access to her in the tight confines of our car. Her dress hugged her fantastic figure and I could only see the outline of a skimpy thong and a see-through bra under her dress. There would be very little to remove when we got down to it. I thought she looked stunning.
"How are you feeling?" I asked her as we drove to meet the masseur.
"I'm terrified," she responded, "Lots of men are going to see me naked tonight doing things I probably shouldn't be doing."
"This massage will help you relax. Just go with the flow and enjoy yourself. No thoughts about what we should or shouldn't be doing, just enjoy yourself."
"I'll try, I really will."
It only took us 10 minutes to get to the masseur's flat, which was in a plush new block in a nice part of the city. I found a nice-looking coffee shop nearby and gave her a peck on the cheek as she made her way to the address I gave her. The hour seemed to drag on forever as I was desperate to hear how she got on, but when she did appear, she looked very happy and relaxed for the first time today.
"How was that?" I asked her when we got back to the car.
"Amazing," she admitted, "I feel so turned on." Sara went red as she admitted this, and I knew that my idea had worked. She was in the mood for sex right now if we hadn't been sitting in our car in a busy part of London. "Are we going dogging then?" she asked with a smile.
"So tell me all about it then," I asked her as we made our way out of the city to the location.
"His hands were amazing," she said with a smile, "Like nothing I've ever felt before. He was very nice, professional, and polite, and has some unbelievable skills with those hands.
I let her flow at this point and was happy to listen.
"He had the bed set up in the living room and he gave me a towel to wrap myself after I had undressed. He did say I could keep my underwear on if I felt more comfortable, but the experience would be better naked. I was nervous at this point, but he was lovely and put me at ease saying that most people felt like I did on their first visit."
"When I was back in the room, I let the towel go and got onto the bed on my front. I felt so exposed but it also felt so nice as he started working on my back. By the time he got down to my bum, I'm pretty sure I was starting to get a bit wet. I just hoped he couldn't tell. I've got to admit that it was a bit of a thrill knowing that he could see me so intimately. When he was massaging my bum he could see my asshole and pussy as he opened my legs slightly to work on my inner thighs. His hands never touched me there, but he was so close."
Sara was enjoying telling me all this, and I was rock hard hearing about my wife being naked and touched by a stranger.
"He then helped me turn over and started working his way up from my feet this time," she went on, "He was doing my inner thighs again, and I could feel my pussy tingling. I'm sure that he could see now that I was wet, but he didn't say anything in case it embarrassed me. The very last bit he did was my tits. I had no idea it would feel so good. He alternated from a light touch around the nipples to a more deep muscular massage of the other areas. I had to bite my lip not to moan. He was also telling me that he has a partner that helps do a couples massage. I think we should do this together at some point."
I couldn't believe how erotic it was hearing my wife talking like this. It was as close to a sexual encounter as it was possible to have by the way she described it and judging from her reaction, I felt that we had crossed one barrier tonight.
Sara grew rather quieter as we approached the car park we had been to last week. The glow of her massage appeared to be wearing off and the nerves of what we were about to do seemed to be hitting home. She was fidgety and nervous again as we pulled in.
"I want to do this straight away," she said as we parked, "If I think about it too much, I'll find a reason not to do it."
Sara jumped into the back seat and I walked around to join her. Once we were settled in the back I locked the doors in case somebody tried to overstep the mark and join us.
"Ready then?" I checked, "Once I flash that light, there's no turning back."
"Do it." was all she said.
I flashed the interior lights, then left them on so people could see what was going on inside. Sara pulled down on top of her to kiss her. The kiss was passionate and I could feel her heart beating fast as I pressed down on her. I have to admit that I was feeling nervous now, although my cock was showing no signs of this. My wife was making sure of that. When Sara stopped for a second or two, I had a feeling that she had spotted somebody outside the car watching, and her smile confirmed my thoughts.
"Let's give them a show then," Sara then said, sitting up in the car and pulling her skimpy dress up over her head, and throwing it on the front seat. She was now wearing just a thong and bra which didn't hide very much of her at all. I also took my top off and she helped me out of my trousers.
Sara then stroked my cock through the material of my boxers before slipping them off and leaving me naked. I was now the one who felt vulnerable, and as I sat back on the seat, I could now see about 6 faces looking in from outside the car. Sara went on all-fours and started to suck my cock with her arse up in the air. I reached over and pulled the material of her thong aside to give the men on that side of the car a view of her asshole and pussy as she sucked. I could hear Sara start to moan as I rubbed her from her clit to her asshole and smeared her juices all over her. It must have been such a dirty sight for those outside the car.
I only allowed her to suck my cock for a couple of minutes as I knew that I would cum if she carried on. I laid her back on the seat and she undid her bra as I removed her thong. I dived in to taste her and she was as wet as I can ever remember her. She tasted wonderful as always, and if I needed any evidence of how turned-on Sara got from being watched like this, it was there. I only needed to lick her for a couple of minutes before she came and screamed with pleasure.
"Fuck me please," she told me while trying to get her breath back, "Let's give them what they came for."
It's hard to explain how exciting it was to hear my usually reserved wife talking like this. I held her legs wide open to give the men one last view of her pussy before sinking my cock deep inside her. She gasped as I entered her and started fucking. This was no gentle love-making, this was fucking. I managed to hold out for about 5 minutes to give the men a show before I could feel myself cumming.
"I'm going to cum," I told her, "Do you want it inside you or can I pull out and shoot it over you so they can see?" I had never asked Sara to do this before so I wasn't sure whether she would like this.
"I don't care," she replied in between gasps, "You can cum wherever you want. Just give it to me now."
I pulled my cock out of her and the first bolt of cum flew out and hit her on the chin, the next one on her tits, before the last of it went over her stomach and pubic mound.
"Ben!" she shouted, "Fucking hell, how long have you been saving that up for? You got me in the face!"
She was smiling though, and not upset by the fact I had cum all over her. This was the first time she had ever allowed me to do this.
I was spent, but Sara now wanted to get cleaned up and get out of there. I found her thong in the footwell and she used that to wipe the spunk off her body. We both then noticed that the man nearest the car on the driver's side had his cock out and was wanking. We had been popular with the watching crowd. As I reached for Sara's dress, he came, shooting some of his load over the outside of the car window and some onto the floor. Neither of us could believe what we had just seen and done.
This was the cue for us to leave now, as the man who had been wanking put himself away and disappeared back into the trees. We quickly got dressed and we could see only 1 man left outside. He pointed to Sara's thong which was now covered in her juices and my cum. He wanted a little trophy to remind him of the evening. When we were dressed and back in the front, Sara rolled down her window and handed him the soaking underwear before quickly doing the window up again. Without anything more said we drove off both smiling at our experience.
"Was that as good as you hoped?" I asked her as we made our way home.
"I loved it," she replied, "I have to admit I loved putting on a show. What are you turning me into? Next time you're going to leave the little surprises to me though. I'm going to arrange something and give you a little surprise."
I couldn't wait to see what she was going to come up with. I'm not sure even she knew at that moment, but it felt that we had made progress as a couple and expanded our sex life into something more exciting than we had ever known.