Since my husband's impotence due to prostate cancer, my life and his, has turned to a different path. We used to swing in the early days of our marriage, and then narrowed our escapades down to a few selected couples.
Our marriage grew stronger from the trust we placed in each other during this period and eventually our extracurricular activities dwindled. We have been unique to each other for over 10 years now and until his recent medical issue I never thought that would change.
During our swinging days, I had the pleasure of sliding on some very large hard cocks.
Admittedly, size is important but not the most important thing. I have been with guys with huge cocks that thought they just had to turn up, as having a big cock was the be all and end all. My husband sits in the just above average category but always managed to satisfy my needs and at times he exhausted those needs.
My husband is quite a muscular chap with a very sexy body indeed. He is quite the alpha male in all aspects of life, but his medical condition has not just had a physical effect on him but also a mental effect.
I am very proud of my figure and have worked hard all of my life to it in keep in good condition.
I was lucky enough to be blessed with desirable curves and hit the tape at a very sexy 36D-25-36 which, with my long legs, has always brought me plenty of male attention.
I almost always dress to emphasise my figure, and often enhance my shape by wearing waist tightening Waspies or Corsets always with stockings attached.
This will sound arrogant, but I've got it and have always flaunted it.
Being an exhibitionist by nature, my husband has actively encouraged me to dress like the Hot-wife at every given opportunity.
In our post swinging days I would thrive on the attention of male company and absolutely adored guys hitting on me in pubs and clubs, and I always told my husband of my encounters, which he loved to hear about.
This would always end with hubby and I having the most intense sex sessions. I would tell him what the guys had said, what they tried to do and how far I'd let them go as hubby ploughed his rock hard cock into me.
There was one time in a disco when I was dancing with one rather hunky guy, who had been running his hand up and down the waist of my skin-tight dress and when he ran his hand down my ass and thigh, he discovered that I was wearing garters and stockings.
He smiled at me when he made his discovery then moved his hand on to my ass, where he separated my ass cheeks and began to rub his fingers into my ass and pussy. It was around this time that I had started shaving my pussy and
he smoothness of my pussy made me extra sensitive. I didn't stop him rubbing my pussylips as he pushed his fingers deeper into my crevice. I began to rub his cock vigorously as he did the same to my ass and pussy.
I came quite heavily, needing to Bite my lip to keep the noise to a minimum as I felt the front of his trousers get very wet as he ejaculated from my frantic rubbing. I left the guy on the dance floor and looked out for my hubby.
When I told hubby I was expecting him to be a little angry or jealous, but he was neither, in fact he was so aroused that we had one of our best nights of sex ever.
We both loved those sessions but now with his medical condition, those days were behind us, or so it seemed.
It was almost six months since my husband had been able to achieve a full blown erection.
He was prescribed with erectile dysfunction injections, which are administered into directly into the penis, which do give him an erection for about thirty minutes, but never a bone hard cock.
These injections were only permissible once a fortnight and we've tried to make the most of them, with me always wearing my sexiest lingerie and enjoying having my husband's cock inside me, but always ending with a sense of disappointment that he could not fuck me like before.
He always took care of my needs with his fingers, tongue or sometimes with toys, but I was craving the intimacy of having a hard cock slide inside me, the warmth of a manly body as it rode me and fucked me to orgasm.
The intense feeling of having a hard cock fuck me as it ejaculated deep inside my pussy.
My husband picked up on this a few times but I dismissed it, not wanting to hurt his feelings, as he had been through so much with his recent illness.
It was after dinner one evening when we were both clearing the dinner table; he looked at me with a warm smile and suggested we have a frank conversation. Sitting back down at the table, he reached over and touched my hand lovingly. Looking into my eyes he started his monologue.
"I know you're enjoying our sex life but you're not loving our sex life. I know you want the feeling only a hard cock can provide and it hurts me that I can't provide it.
We could however resurrect our swinging days but this time with you as the activist and me as the voyeur!" He stated
"I couldn't betray you like that. In the past we were both taking part and so it was fair, enormously erotic but fair nonetheless" I said holding his gaze.
"That's true but this time it can be beneficial to both of us if you just hear me out" he said in an efficient tone.
"I can't give you what you need but I think we can give each other what we need. You need to be fucked and I need to see you fucked!" he opened "It's always turned me on watching you arouse other guys and I loved watching you get aroused during this period." he smiled as he continued.
"I never admitted to you in the past that sometimes I would be close enough to listen to you and your victim and I would get seriously aroused if you or he said anything derogatory toward me." He stated as I looked on a slight state of shock.
"I remember once, one guy was fucking you in a swinger club and I was on the sofa behind you, listening as the guy fucked you with his huge cock as he kept saying the you like big cocks don't you. Your husband isn't as big as this and you fucking love it!" I remembered this incident and many more similar as hubby continued with his monologue.
"I remember clearly you replying, His cock is only half this size. Keep fucking me with your big cock and give me your seed!" He stated as the memory came flooding back of the intense pleasure I received from that guy as hubby continued.
"Which wasn't technically true, but you pandered to his ego and acted more of a slut than you were, then you had a huge vocal orgasm as he emptied his load inside you."
I looked at my husband, slightly shocked that he witnessed my slut behaviour, but I was also intrigued as to why this would arouse him.
Holding my hand tightly he smiled at me and said,
"I've obviously got a little kinky streak when it comes to sexual humiliation and you love a big cock inside you, so why don't we combine the two?" He smiled the most loving smile as he squeezed my hand.
"You're not just saying this to appease me?" I enquired.
"Not at all. Even now when I can't get a full blown erection, I do feel mentally stimulated and quite sexy!" He said as his smile turned to a devilishly cheeky grin.
"I enjoy seeing you with other men and if it involves a little humiliation for me, then it adds a nice little bite" He smiled.
"But what about your medical condition?" I asked him pensively.
"There isn't anything we can do about that, but there is something we can do to rectify the situation for you!" he smiled "Plus if there is a little humiliation involved then everyone's a winner!" he enthused.
"I could possibly get used to the idea of being with other guys, but the humiliation bit?" I spoke in a bewildered tone, knowing full well that this aroused me.
"That would please me, plus it would make you distance yourself from our marriage during the act and will help relinquish all guilt. It's the way I would prefer it" he stated.
"I'm not sure about h humiliation though" I pondered.
"You loved telling that guy his cock was bigger and better than mine and you've probably said it on more than one occasion when I've been out of earshot" he smiled.
I blushed slightly as his words brought back a lot of memories when I had in fact used those very words. My pussy was tingling at the memory and I must admit it did arouse me that I was humiliating my husband's sexuality.
"Are you sure you could handle it?" I enquired with a smirk splashed across my face.
"Try me?" Hubby replied confidently.
Quick to take up the challenge, I looked directly in hubby's eyes and said.
"Well I think I should probably go online and see if there are any big cocks who would like to fuck me in all of my holes whilst I wear something sexy just for them!"
"It doesn't have to be online. You could go out hunting for cock or contact one of your ex partners?" hubby smiled.
This did intrigue me as there were a few ex partners who I keep in touch with and a few of them are quite flirty.
One in particular used to get quite kinky in the bedroom and this scenario would be right up his street. I thought for a second about contacting him, then looked directly into hubby's eyes and said
"I'll do it but my first time must be with just me and the guy, then I'll come back and tell you all about it!" I answered sternly.
"You could always take a few photos or even video it?" Hubby smiled.
We talked well into the early hours and I decided, without my husband's knowledge, that I would indeed contact an ex-boyfriend and see if he was up for this.
Being fucked by a hard cock was exciting me. Fucking a hard cock that I'd had the pleasure of previously, excited me.
But the thought of fucking someone and telling my husband how much bigger and better the cock that had just pleasured me was, I could tell would be rather arousing.
I suppose deep down I've always wanted to act the bitch and I know my husband likes me to act the slut, which I admit I do enjoy, but now that I can be the bitch and the slut, I think I can throw myself into this role quite spectacularly.