Kendra Neal was bushed. After a long day of saving lives assisting surgeons in applying stints to heart valves, she just needed a hot bath, dinner, loving hugs from both of her newly returned daughters, and her tall dark and handsome redneck fiancée Tony Desmond.
Awaiting her garage door to rise up via remote control, Kendra noticed legs beneath the lifting door. Curious she stared until said body was in full view. Sadly, she didn't know right off which one of her daughters it was greeting her unexpectedly. The twins were identical in every way, build, hair styles, even their attire on most days. It was as if they were clones of one another.
Unknown to their Mother there was only one way to physically tell the difference. Nobody but her man Tony knew of this secret. One had thin localized pubic hair, the other did not. Kendra searched for ways to differentiate the girls without altering their identities. Those ways however could easily be doctored, should they switch a bracelet or a ring as recognition just to toy with everyone. Rose suggested a tattoo once, although Kendra objected, maybe that was not such a bad idea after all. It would certainly help. Sadly, Kendra was opposed to that idea of ruining true beauty.
Tonight this particular daughter was Rose Masters, keeping her Fathers last name, part of his Will as much as for their sakes. It had recently dawned on Kendra how fitting it was that her maiden name of Neal, which she resumed after her divorce from Charles had the distinct character of Kneel before Masters, only spelled in the human sense, not derogatory. It wasn't all that amusing. Slightly, perhaps.
"What are we up to?" Head leering at an angle outside her drivers side window Kendra pulled her car in slowly, as Rose stepped out of the way.
"Exploring." Rose's attention slipped toward a bicycle on the wall. "We've never owned...ridden a bicycle before. Daddy was afraid we would fall and hurt ourselves."
Shutting her car off Kendra leans on her door windows threshold smiling, "I haven't ridden that bike in over a year. The tires might need air." Opening her door she steps out closing it behind her. Moving next to Rose she places an arm around the girls shoulder hugging her to her hip. "We could get it down. I'll have Tony air the tires up. Would you and your sister like to learn how to ride? It is every parents dream to teach their children how. Something I was long denied in your childhood."
"It looks scary. Becca can ride it first." There was Kendra's confirmation of which of her daughter's she was hugging.
"Sweetheart?"
"Yes?"
"We really need to find some way to let us know which of you is which. I thought you were Rose but, I'll confess I wasn't positive."
"It's fun making you guess."
"For you maybe. Come here you." Kendra turns and yanks Rose into a frontal hug rubbing the girls back lovingly. "What if I agreed to that rose tattoo suggestion?" She had second thoughts on her earlier rejection.
"Will it hurt?"
"I've never had a tattoo. Tony is the expert with all his artwork covering his body."
"They scare me too."
"His tattoos?"
"Yes."
"Awww! They're harmless, so is Tony. You don't like Tony?"
"He's awesome. The tattoos just spook me." Only when he fucked her hard, the art holding her prisoner in some contorted cases, "Can I think about it?"
"You made the suggestion. I was against it before but, I'm willing to reconsider if it helps."
"Can we ride the bike tomorrow?"
"Well, Tony does have to go back to work, and I work all day. Speaking of..."
"We have to be home by ourselves?"
"Is that alright? You're certainly old enough to not need a babysitter."
"We can do that." She smiles brightly.
"How about this? We have maybe three hours before it gets dark. Let me get Tony to bring the bike down and air the tires, pump in the corner there. We can give the two of you a few lessons, then tomorrow you can enjoy the bike. Just be very careful in traffic."
"Can we take a walk around the neighborhood?"
"Or, a ride. Just be sure you can find your way home."
"We will."
"Let's go inside and break the news to Tony."
"He's hooking up a phone."
"My man." Kendra smirked. "Always on call. Where's your sister?"
"Taking a bubble bath."
"That sounds delightful I might join her." Ken realized how she must have sounded and corrected herself, "Idea only, not actually sharing a tub."
"She and I do all the time. Daddy liked to conserve water."
"He always was frugal with our money. I recall bathing you and Becca as babies in the same tub. It was so cute when I blew bubbles into your faces, you two giggling up a storm."
"I don't remember that."
"Of course not you were babies. Let's go inside." She leads the way, Rose slowly lagging behind to ponder the idea of ever being a baby. Of course her dad used to bathe them just as she described, her Mother's face however never so much as a faint memory. Fidgeting, Rose entered the house and discovered her Mom and Tony hugging as he held a phone receiver out at arms length. Reeling the receiver back to his ear he spoke to someone saying, "Let me call ya back Operator. My fiancée needs attention." He then wrapped the long cord around Kendra's neck and pulled her into a kiss. Perhaps a strong connection.
Jealous a bit Rose envisioned him strangling Kendra with the cord and telling her, "Nothing comes between me and Rose." Rolling her eyes at the morbid thought Rose Masters tried to smile. He knew they loved one another, she and her sister were nothing but Tony's playmates. Still, a crush was definitely standing tall concerning their behavior, both Becca and herself adored Tony immensely. Lust was a constant even though he ordered the girls to keep their emotions tightly hidden away.
Ignoring her sense Rose swooped in to hug both Kendra and Tony from the side, their kiss pausing to note her arrival. With a recognition of intimacy Kendra smiled then winked at Tony. "This is so...overwhelming. My girls opening up so affectionately of late."
"Told you they just needed a minute to see the big picture." Tony rubbed Rose's back and kissed Kendra again even more passionately. While Kendra clung to his lips, hands to each side of his face Tony's hand slipped down to rub Rose's ass, sliding under her skirt to make full contact. Rose in response hugged them both even tighter, her smile vivid. Finally Kendra began feeling uncomfortable that her daughter was being so clingy and put her make out session on hiatus. Hand withdrawn from Rose's bottom Tony set about uncoiling Kendra's neck.
"Mom says you have to take that bicycle off the wall and air up the tires." Rose ran distraction.
"Momma did? My work is never done." Tony mused playfully. "Phones ready if you wanna call out."
"It's just for the girls. To get a hold of you or I in case of emergency."
"Right!" He points the receiver at Rose, "That means no crank phone calls."
"What's a crank phone call?" Rose tilted her head curiously.
"Tony...don't." Ken just knew he was going to give the girls bad habits.
"Gotta watch the Simpson's...you'll get the right idea." He chuckled.
"Who are the Simpson's?"
"TOOONY!" Kendra flared her eyes with a goofy expression of stop while you're ahead. She did not want the girls to start acting up, they were gems right now. So she presumed.
Hanging the phone receiver on it's cradle Tony shook off the temptation to go turn on the TV and find Bart and Homer just to bust a gut. He would set them down another day and get them into the laugh riot, what Kendra didn't know would not hurt anyone. At least if the girls did slip it could be tied to the cartoon antics more than toward him. He was pretty certain both girls would cover his tracks to save the man who gave them orgasms and lots of risky fun. As long as he continued to deliver, they would follow his every lead.
"I'll just go bring down that Schwinn. Schwinn, Win situation." He chuckled as Kendra rolled her eyes and swatted his ass in passing. Seeing her do it Rose had to spank him right after.
"Yeah! Get to it Mister." Kendra cocked an eye brow at her daughter while Tony acted as if he was shocked by it. Shrinking Rose spoke first, gnashing her teeth, "What? Mom did it." Playing naïve she then swatted her Mother's behind. Kendra busted up, Tony just shaking his head before turning away.
"Think I'll let you two ladies get to...the bottom of that." He found his comment amusing. Off to the garage he went. Rose decided to remain with Kendra to avoid her strange behavior appearing less obvious.
"Did I do something wrong?"
"Borderline." Kendra giggled then held her breath, "Let's just...keep our hands to ourselves."
"I did do something wrong. Becca and I always swat each others butts just to be evil. You did it, so I thought it was okay."
"No harm done Sweetie. If it bothers Tony I'm certain he will correct you."
"Did it bother you?"
"Not initially! I know it was innocent. You didn't know differently. I suppose I'd think before acting in that kind of situation. Why don't you join Tony while I go clean up." She turns Rose by her shoulders then intentionally swats her behind to send her off.
"HEY!" Rose laughed, "You just said...", with an evil sneer Rose chased her Mother through the living room trying to spank her back. Kendra scurried to avoid her daughter, laughing over their new bonding skills. It was fun to enjoy a good chuckle together. At the staircase going up Kendra finally put an end to their silliness grabbing Rose by her wrists and sharing a huffy look at her, eyes flaring. It was still being goofy but Kendra was ready to relax.
"That's enough Rose. I love you, but..."
"But what?" Rose pouted.
"THIS BUTT!" Kendra found it in her to whirl her daughter around and lift her skirt up as if to spank her hard. Realizing her daughter wasn't wearing panties she paused to freeze in expression. "Why are you not wearing underwear?"
"Daddy never liked it when we wore them. He said they were a waste of money."
"Yet, I know you own some." Kendra yet again worried about her late husband's parenting skills.
"Only because the lady from the Court's bought us some. She said they were required. We will always listen to Daddy before anyone."
"It's not very lady like Rose."
"Please don't make us wear them. We miss Daddy."
"Just..." Kendra hated this part of parenthood, having to be stern, seeing the tears well up in her daughters eyes made her own eyes moisten, "Just keep your skirt down. I need you to understand that your Father obviously taught you girls bad habits."
"Don't talk about Daddy like he's bad. He was the best."
"I...give up. Go see if Tony needs help. I'll be drowning myself in my bubbles." Kendra sighed and headed upstairs. In thought she rambled, "Oh Charles, what did you do?" Someday, there would have to be a very serious talk. For now, so early in their reacquaintance she knew it would only create friction. "Bubble bath here I come."
Scurrying to the garage Rose found Tony crouched down using a hand pump to air up the bicycle tires. Sneaking up behind him she noticed the plumbers crack that his tight jeans was offering up under pressure. Peering behind her to make certain her Mother hadn't returned Rose knelt and put her hand down the back of his pants. Startled Tony snapped his own look at the doorway, then another out the garage door that was still up. No one in sight he growled, "What I say about showing affection?"
"I couldn't resist. Mom doesn't know."
"Regardless, you need to keep it to yourself. That swatting my ass looked bad, but I think Ken overlooked it as child's play. You need to consider your actions Kid."
"I am. I like touching you. You like touching me and my sister. We will obey you sexually, but its no fun if we can't be silly sometimes."
"I get that. Just watch how you go about it. If your Mom gets the wrong idea, I won't be around long enough to enjoy you lil' sluts."
"Then we would go with you."
"You got too much money to lose to do that. So behave and let's be one big happy family. Only do things when I allow it. Understood?"
"Yes, Tony...Sir."
"Just Tony around your Momma. Sir when she's gone."
"Can I suck your cock?" She bit her lower lip hopefully.
"Not right now." He continued pumping the tire up as she moved to his side and lifted her skirt to expose her sweet young pussy to him, fingers mischievously teasing her clitoral area. Distracted by her he grit his teeth, "Fucking lil' nympho." She nodded with a giddy reaction. Tire firm under his squeezing grip he moved to the other tire.
"Mom noticed I wasn't wearing panties."
"Aww hell! What did she say about it."
"Nothing! I cried and brought up Daddy. Mom can't fight what Daddy taught us so she gave up."
"You two really should compromise some, so she feels as if you're willing to work with her. Y'all know she's trying her best to make up time lost in raising you gals."
"We're eighteen. She really can't tell us what to do. She has money to lose as well if she doesn't raise us to 21."
"You think money is everything to her you got another thing coming Kid. You gals have more to lose than she does."
"We don't care about money either."
"Not talking about money." He stops cold and grabs her by the throat to enforce his gaze. "You lose me." Her eyes bulging at the tightness of his grip she whimpers. "You wanna lose me?"
"No Tony! I need you Sir." He just as swiftly drug her to her knees on the concrete and spit in her face. She felt his saliva streaking down her cheek and pouted. In a huff he released her, she quickly reaching for his hand and bringing it back to her throat. Understanding her thoughts Tony Desmond sneered.
"That grip there is your collar. You can't breath without wearing it. It can also take that breath away just as easily. Start wearing panties for your Momma's sake. Am I clear?"
"Yes." She hissed, his grip ceasing strength again.
"Go put some on then meet me in the front yard. Let's teach you how to ride." He winked at her, "Something other than my cock." With a shy grin she jumped to her feet and ran inside the house. Heading upstairs she found her Mother moving from her bedroom to the hallway bath, knocking on the door. Eying Rose slip by her Kendra heard, "It's open."
Turning the knob Kendra peeked inside to find Becca still soaking beneath a billow of bubbles. "Stealing my bubble bath?" Kendra giggled locating the bottle and showing it to Becca who peered up with puppy dog eyes from her slouch. "Stealing it back. I'll buy you some of your own when we go shopping. Love you Becca."
"Love you too Mom." It was getting much easier to acknowledge each new day. As Kendra leaves shutting the door Becca lifts her hand up out of the water holding her double dildo called Daddy. "Love you more Daddy." That she did, back in action it went, like a torpedo zeroing in on a well built ship. Going down!
Rose stepping from their bedroom nearly collided with Kendra who looked shocked by her daughters sudden burst of energy. "What's going on?"
"Panties." Rose lifted her skirt showing her Mother she had put some on. "Tony is going to show me how to ride the bike. He noticed I wasn't wearing any by accident and told me he wouldn't teach me without putting some on. I told him what you said and he made it clear I was to listen to you." Shocked by her admission Kendra puckered to herself as Rose bolted away.
"Tony might just be a good influence after all." Ohhh, Kendra...so naïve. Wanting nothing more than to see her daughter's first bike ride Kendra set aside her bottle of bubbles, grabbed her cell and quickly gave chase. Wearing only a bathrobe without a sash she paused on the steps then just said "Screw it!" Was she being a good example? Not really!
Joining them just as Tony rolled the bike out of the garage, Rose behind him stressing over this being her first time. She hopped up and down nervously, good thing she was wearing panties, that skirt was struggling. Kendra grinning up at storm prepped her cell camera to record the amateur's ride once she was ready. Tony stopped in the driveway and turned to face Rose patting the bicycle seat. "Crawl on up in the saddle, Critter." He was being charming because he knew they were being watched. Wanting to put up a fatherly impression he smirked at Kendra without letting Rose know they were being observed, she was nervous enough as it was.
"Like this?" Rose carefully threw her left leg over the frame, in doing so Kendra accidently recorded a brief appearance of the girls underwear. She was truly glad her daughter chose to listen to Tony, if not herself. Once in the seat she teetered back and forth squealing toward Tony, "Don't let me fall." Her feet barely touched the ground, tiptoe at best.
Steadying her Tony showed her how to hold on to the handles and get in synch peddling. He stayed with her going in circles around the drive to let her get a feel of the balance needed. Kendra's heart fluttered with pride in both her daughter and her fiancée's parental strengths. He had raised one son but daughters were an entirely new set of unruly creatures. Of course, Kendra was new to the situation herself, so really couldn't complain. Walking out of her garage for a better view Kendra lost track of her robe in order to use both hands to steady her recording. In doing this it peeped open for a very thin full frontal nudity.
Tony ignored warning her but kept a cute snide comment ready when the time was right. Noticing traffic on their street as moderate Tony guided Rose to the sidewalk forcing Kendra to creep further out in order to maintain Rose's every movement. "Awww! She's peddling on her own." Tony had slyly eased away from Rose making her scream and beg, "Don't leave me."
"You're doing fine Critter. Just hold a firm grip on the handle bars, keep it straight and pedal."
"How do I turn?" Soaring down the walk she found herself nearing the end of their block. By going so far out Kendra had no choice but to meet up with Tony on the sidewalk to keep filming.
"At the end of the block there just turn left and ride on the street. No cars coming just be careful. Look around you Rosebud." She managed to maintain balance and ease into the street. Avoiding parked cars Rose grew giddy.
"I'M DOING IT TONY. I'M DOING IT!"
"Yes you are Baby." Kendra nearly wept. Tony stepping to his fiancée's side whispered, "One down, one to go."
"Thank you Tony. God I love you."
"Enough to put some underwear on? Can't bitch about your kid if you can't wear any yourself." He moved it to face her, her camera poised over his shoulder as he pulled her to him, "I'll cover ya." He chuckled then kissed her neck.
"Tony?" Kendra giggled, "PDA? Again?" His hands slid beneath her robe and around her hips to squeeze her butt cheeks.
"Can't help it. I like me some half nekkid Nurses."
"I was in a hurry." She laughed trying to keep up her recording angle, with his hands under her robe Kendra's already short Kimono style robe was showing off to the neighborhood. "Stop!" She chuckled, "My robe is slipping from my shoulder."
"Y'all know the neighbors got the hots for you." He grinned then attacked her earlobe with his teeth.
"Darn it Tony! I'm missing good shots. Rose is going in circles in the street. I think she's...mastered it." Funny she being a Masters by name. Tony considering himself the girl's Master.
"She's eighteen Ken. Not like she's ten, the kid has skills she's just figuring out."
"I know. Thank you for being patient with us." Another giggle as his right hand palms her breast. "Tony you have to stop or I'm going to jump you in the front yard."
"Dare ya!"
"Grrrrrrrrrr! Please...take me inside and make love to me. Bubble bath together?"
"Sounds like a plan." He picks her up making her yelp, her robe finding itself impossible to hide her lower regions. She required both hands to just hang on to Tony, in her slouch her shoulder went bare and one breast popped out to jiggle, the evening air making her nipple crazy hard. Riding by Rose spotted them and called out.
"NO FAIR! MOM'S NOT WEARING PANTIES. NO BRA EITHER!"
"See what ya started Momma Ken?" Tony laughed. Kendra gave up recording and let her man take her home. Trusting Rose, she was left to her own adventure. Carrying Kendra upstairs they met Becca wearing only a towel but hiding her toy behind her back as she paused to let the loving couple through. Spotting her Mother's bare bottom her eyes flared just as Tony kicked their bedroom door shut. Jealous a bit Becca stepped to their door to listen in.
"My girls will never listen to me now. I'm such a bad influence on them." Kendra squealed as Tony hurled her on the bed and dove in on top of her. Swarming her neck with more kisses Kendra suddenly didn't care. Hearing her mumble Tony growled and lifted his lips away from her neck to yell.
"BECCA! PUT ON UNDERWEAR. THAT'S AN ORDER!" Kendra in response busted up laughing.
"They're going to obey you more than me."
"Nothin' wrong with that." He smirked and attacked Kendra with tickles. She nearly peed on the bedding. Good thing she didn't, Tony was heading South. So much for the bubble bath, they could wash up later.
In the hallway Becca having heard Tony's outburst ran to her bedroom and immediately put on panties. The bra ignored, at least she compromised.
********
Tired of making the same circles on her Mother's bike, Rose stopped in front of her house and took a good look as she hopped off the bike using the kickstand on the sidewalk. Peering about for safety she quickly lifted her skirt and removed her panties, despising being forced to wear them.
Stuffing them in the mailbox for safe keeping she returned to her cycling, feeling the hard leather seat rubbing along her pussy. With each rotation in peddling the gentle frictions made her insanely wet. A faint breeze billowing her loose fitting skirt, her bare hips and bottom were often sneaking peeks at the world around her. Teasing others was almost as fun as teasing herself, yet hardly anyone was out and about. She heard lawn mowers in the distance, loud music too. Seeking attention led her to ride around the block with hopeful curiosity.
Rounding the street corner she found her mowing marvel in the form of a rugged good looking man in his mid to late 20's wearing only shoes and cut off jean shorts, his chest bare showing off a nice well tanned physique. While no six pack abs, he was on his way to achieving them. Mowing the section along the curb he spotted Rose riding past and caught a brief glimpse of her ass cheeks. Freezing in step he enjoyed the view as long as he could. Peering over her shoulder she discovered him watching her and circled back to tease him a bit more. This time if carefully looking he could see up her skirt. Even in her bending forward her dress fanned low over her tits offering an interesting panorama. Opting to wave at her in passing she found herself afraid to wave back out of fear that she might lose balance. Instead she breezed by him smiling brightly. Finding him cute she toyed with him a bit more, once again circling in the street to peddle by him.
Finally, the man shut his mower off and wiped his forehead. The problem he seemed to be having was in determining her age, he himself worried he might be hitting on a girl far too young should he strike up conversation. She looked 16 tops but could be older, he just wasn't sure. Hearing his mower go quiet she chose one last drive by letting their eyes meet in passing. Seeing her ass again due to a kind gust of evening air he just had to say hi. Whistling with fingers between his lips his echo made her giggle.
"I knew he was looking." Turning back she coasted toward him as he sat down along the curb waiting. He knew down low he would get an intriguing look if she stopped.
"Hi!" Rose swooped by and kept going.
"Hey! Get back here." He laughed. Rose was having fun circling yet again and taunting him with another, "Hi again." Finally, he stood up and began to feel as if she were only tormenting him. He wasn't wrong. As he moved back to his mower to begin pulling the cord she stopped right in front of him and lost balance enough to land on one foot. Setting there awkwardly she giggled, "I'm back."
"Why do I feel like that's the first time you've ridden a bike?" He chuckled.
"It is. I'm clumsy still."
"Looks to me like you're doing just fine. Live around here? I don't recall ever seeing you before."
"Next block over. My sister and I just moved here to live with our Mom. Do you know Kendra Neal?"
"Can't say I do. You go to school?"
"Never ever. Our Dad taught us at home before he died."
"Sorry to hear about that. So...home schooled. Did you graduate?"
"Not yet, but we're behind. Mom just hired us a tutor that she works with."
"Ah! so what...16?"
"18 a few weeks ago. You?"
"26! Too old for you." He laughed.
"I don't think so." She batted her lashes. "I'm Rose."
"Hi Rose." He smiled brightly, "My name's Dalton."
"Married?"
"Nope!"
"Girlfriend?"
"Nope!"
"Slave?"
"Excuse me?" He offered a queer expression.
"I'm into that." She razzed him.
"Nice! No panties I see." He grew daring.
"Never ever." She bluntly showed him her lower half, then quickly hid herself.
"Damn! Shameless aren't you?"
"I like showing off. Did you like seeing me?"
"Didn't get a good look." He chuckled. Wincing at him she crawled off the bike and put the kickstand down. Once confident the bike wouldn't fall over she faced him and lifted her dress clean up to her belly button and did a 360 in step. Whistling at her she dropped her dress and stood there with her arms behind her back, chest poised high.
"Your turn." She tilted her head from side to side playfully.
"Excuse me?"
"Show me your cock." She lifted up and down on her toes, waiting.
"Seriously?"
"Uh-huh! You saw me. It's only fair."
"Right!" He grew nervous looking around the neighborhood for activity. "This is nuts."
"I wanna see those too."
"Christ! You're a wild one."
"I am. Hurry it up." Gritting his teeth he just went for it, unzipping his shorts and pulled his dick free for a firm seven inch not fully erect beast with a thick round crown. "Mmmm! My sister and I will be home alone tomorrow. I'll come over and fuck you if you want."
"Whoa! You move fast."
"Someone has to." She shares a mischievous grin.
"Uhhh?" He grows hesitant and tucks his beast back inside his jean shorts and zips up, "Tell you what, I work tomorrow all day or I would. How about Saturday?"
"My Mom and her fiancée are taking us to something called a water park."
"Whitewater Willy's? Only one I know around here. Sounds fun."
"If it's not, my sister and I will make it fun." She snickers.
"She wild like you?"
"Identical twins. We normally do everything together."
"Except bike riding." He points out.
"Only one bike. She was taking a bath when I left."
"Same age I presume?"
"Yes! Minutes apart. I'm older by I think three minutes."
"Awesome! Well, you know where I live you can drop over anytime. Bring your sister."
"We will. I liked your dick." She turns on a dime to face her bicycle and puts the kickstand back up.
"I like all of you." He chuckled.
"You haven't seen all of me." She flips her tongue at him.
"Well show me."
"Next time? I need to get back but I want to go all the way around the block."
"Have fun Rose."
"Bye!" She mooned him briefly then struggled to get her balance perfect before heading out, rather wildly at first until gaining control. Hearing his mower fire up she did one last lap just to blow him a kiss. He caught it and held it to his chest. On her way down the block she smiled, "Now I have someone to keep me from being bored. Tony doesn't have to know."
In her excitable emotions of meeting someone new she lost sight of what was around her. Loud music approaching from behind her, a blue Dodge Charger hung back behind her, she presuming they were admiring her ass as it peeked out from beneath her skirts unruly decision not to stay down. She kept her gaze straight ahead hoping that they might pass and either ignore her flashing or slow down and let her see who was behind the wheel. With their music aggressive she had a hunch they were young, not someone old. Not that it mattered, her Father was old.
Inside the car, the driver was looking more at his cellphone than the road ahead, his co-pilot however got a nice glimpse of Rose's..."Holy shit! I see butt pucker." The passenger pointed and reached for his friend inspiring him to look. Searching for a song on his cell the driver didn't seem to care at the moment. Giving up on his search the driver finally looked and saw nothing, her skirt having drifted back into place. Rolling his eyes he told his friend, "Keep dreaming Brandon."
"No I'm serious, I saw it. Fuck she's hot."
Speeding up the driver moved in side by side with Rose and lowered his upper body over the steering wheel in order to see her better. Jams far too loud she couldn't make it out when he said, "Nice ass." In all honestly she swore he said, "I'm gonna pass." It was logical. Brandon the passenger was awestruck by her beauty, hugging his door with a hint of, "I think I'm in love."
Neither noticed Rose's coordination, her balance wavering from side to side. Hearing his buddy say pull over the driver gunned his vehicle and whipped in front of poor Rose into a driveway. The sudden move made her scream and freeze up, her inability to brake the bike or swerve wide she collided with the car's rear end. In the process Rose flew from the bicycle on to the curb. She landed on her belly with a violent impact. When escaping the bike her skirt got caught on the seat and shredded from hemline to rib cage.
"DUDE! YOU'RE AN IDIOT." The passenger flew from the car to see if she was okay. Reaching her he found her dress showing off her entire backside, both legs, bare bottom, and a healthy dose of spine clean up to where a bra strap should have been. Rose however was not moving, the wind knocked out of her sails.
The driver having put his car in park, left it idling and ran to his friends side. Having to jump over Rose's bike he noticed a huge scratch in his car's paint. Cussing loudly even over the music he kicked her bike before calming down. Brandon kneeling next to Rose was afraid to touch her, thus her dress remained to her side, it was technically pinned beneath her anyway so tugging it was probably not a good idea. Instead he looked up at his friend. "Chase? I think you killed her."
"Come on Brandon, it wasn't like I ran over her. She bounced off the fender well and was thrown off her bike. Just help her up."
"What if she has a broken bone or something?"
"Does that sexy bod look broken to you?"
"No, but you can never tell unless they're dislocated." Brandon finally found the courage to touch her shoulder where her dress still covered, not wanting her to think he was copping a feel. Chase rolled his eyes and knelt down next to Rose on her opposite side with less class. Raising his hand he swatted her ass with a loud crack.
"Wake the hell up." Chase chuckled as Brandon doubled up his fist to hit his friend.
"Quit that shit! She doesn't deserve that."
Reacting with a foggy head Rose lifted her left profile from the grass and whimpered, "Yes I did."
Chase puckered at her admission and rubbed Rose's butt where he smacked her. Gently lifting her bottom she pressed herself against his palm. Brandon merely looked on in awe. Feeling sympathy Brandon told her, "Don't get up too fast."
"Don't get up at all." Chase chuckled, "Just stay there and let me enjoy this beautiful ass of yours."
"Yes Sir." She replied, hiding a smile of mischief from both boys.
"That's right, I'm Sir Chase. You scratched my fucking paint job Bitch."
"DUDE!" Brandon was losing it at his friends asshole persona.
"You're paying to get that scratch fixed."
"What about her bike? That front rim is bent." Brandon rolled his eyes.
"Her fault, not mine. She wasn't watching where she was going."
"You're twisted Whitaker."
"Damn right!" Chase moved his fingers between Rose's legs and rubbed her pussy without permission. Rose in response lifted her ass to accept his fingers as they pierced her labia to discover wetness. Brandon started to shove him away when Rose stopped his good intentions with a mumbled, "Don't stop." Hearing this, Brandon dropped his jaw then threw his body into a sprawl next to Rose and reached over to swipe the hair from her eyes to see her better. She smiled at him timidly. "I deserve this."
"You're insane." Brandon huffed, "Beautiful though." He grew lost in her eyes, she absorbing his even as her lower lip curled beneath her teeth, Chase having sunk fingers deep inside her and was finger fucking her with a ferocious dedication. "Why are you...letting him get away with this?"
"I like being fingered. I deserve to be treated like this. I wasn't able to stop in time."
"Yeah, but come on..."
"YOU HEARD HIM...CUM ON MY FINGERS BITCH." Chase laughed with a brutal tone, razzing Brandon with his tongue for what he was getting away with.
"I want to. Thank you Sir." She beseeched his talents. Brandon deciding to at least caress her cheek to let her sense his concern, hoped to let her know he wasn't liking how his friend was treating her. In response she moved within his touch and kissed his palm before closing her eyes and enjoying his soft touch as much as Chase's aggressive counter attack. Best of both worlds.
"What's your name?" Brandon asked.
"CUNT!" Chase was relentless.
"Your real name." Brandon rolled his eyes.
"I like Cunt." She whispered softly, moans reaching out to him. "Rose..."
"...TO THE OCCASION!" Chase was on a roll. She was juicing up quite nicely at his persistent penetrations. Luckily no traffic ruined his fun. Not even neighbors seemed concerned that Chase's loud music was disturbing their day.
"Sorry! He's always an asshole." Brandon fidgeted his lips.
"GOOD IDEA!" Chase laughed and jabbed a finger inside Rose's anus for a yelp that made her hand reach out and clutch Brandon's shirt drawing him closer to her. Helpless by her magnetic allure Brandon let her snuggle close to him. Obligation felt, he held her as best he could under his friends assault. She took everything Chase threw at her, mumbling, "I deserve this. I deserve this." Surely, this bitch was bonkers.
Regardless, Brandon did enjoy her seeking attention from him. He was hardly the type most girls flocked to. Chase on the other hand had girls wrapped around his finger. Now it appeared he might have Rose joining his harem. None the less Brandon took what he could get, she was just too pretty to ignore. Not that she intended to let him ignore her. Evil Miss Masters had them both where she wanted them. Let them think they had the upper...inserted hand. Well three fingers of one hand, one finger on the other. Close enough!
"Crap!" Brandon realized something. Rose looked really young. While obviously not a virgin it did hit home. "How old are you Rose?" Like Dalton the next street over the worry was there that Rose might be underage. In her nearing orgasm Rose hid her thoughts, not wanting to ruin what was nearly there. Her body quaking she clung to Brandon that much harder, burying her face in his neckline, even offering a light kiss to throw his questioning off. Her plan worked like a charm. In her clutches Brandon peered over her body, her ass high enough to share in it's heart shaped upper dip, a finger poking straight into it like Cupid's arrow. Chase grinned like a demon at his buddy. Seconds pass she squeals and gushes across Chase's fingers in a flood that drowned his lap in the process.
"Shit fuck!" Chase found himself blown away by how hard she came over his plunging fingers, "I think fingering her ass made her cum harder than she's ever cum before."
Embracing Brandon, Rose needed something more and forced a kiss upon the boy. Brandon having very little experience savored what he could in the heat of the moment. Chase watching them laughed, "Get him Bitch!" She was doing her best.
Letting them lay there, she now on her side Chase noticed a few things. She had a tiny rose shaped tuff of pubic hair, a lightly bleeding scratch on her knee, and the fact that her dress was ripping a bit more while her body rested over the material. The lowest portion of her left tit was exposing the more she frolicked with Brandon.
Not wanting to wait to see her breast Chase looked around the neighborhood for safety then reached over her to pinch at her dress. With both hands working together he tore her dress enough to lift it and see her breast in it's entirety. "Oh fuck yeah!"
Kiss slowly ending Rose smiled at Brandon and softly said, "Sixteen."
"WHAT?" Both boys jumped to their feet as she sat up eying them without expression. Chase immediately started pacing in circles fearing that he had violated some underage girl. Brandon cringed knowing that even though what little he did was innocent enough the fact that the boys were both 20 led to anxiety. Not immediately letting them in on her devious game she looked down at her dress and dropped her jaw.
"My dress is really messed up."
"YOU THINK?" Chase blurted, "FUCK! Why did you let me finger you if you were so young?" He was seeing prison bars already. Shrugging she let them fret a bit longer while she explored the rip on her dress, lifting her butt up to pull her tail of cloth to the side.
"I'm almost nakie."
"ALMOST?" Chase was fuming.
Brandon the voice of reason took a deep breath and waves both hands in front of him, "We're sorry..."
"Don't be sorry, I liked it." She admitted with a soft gaze as her fingers caressed her belly. "It's me that should be sorry."
"FOR NOT TELLING US YOU WERE..." Chase lowered his voice, "...sixteen. Dammit!"
"About that..." She pouted, "I lied."
"WHAT?" Both boys rallied a hesitant sigh. As she observed them calm down slightly she stood up pulling what she could of her dress in front to cover herself, a car now coming down the street toward them.
"I'm fifteen."
"SON OF A BITCH!" Chase was ready to pull his hair out, digging his nails amid his blond locks.
A sudden burst of laughter Rose waited until the car had passed then just took her dress off dancing in circles. Both boys tried to block out her now full frontal nudity. It was difficult, the girl had a killer body.
"Stop doing that!" Brandon tried to mask her dance routine until she tossed her dress away and stormed him, arms wrapping around his neck she giggled, "Kiss me." Brandon tried not too but she was winning. His hands slipping to her butt cheeks, then catching himself between nerves and squeezing them.
Unable to process their stupidity Chase looked away then down the other end of the block. Another vehicle, a truck was coming their way. A very recognizable truck at that. "HOLY FUCK! MY DAD'S HOME EARLY." Seeing his son's car Dave Whitaker wondered why he was in a neighbors driveway. Deciding to drive further down after seeing his son Chase looking stressed out he eased up behind the car. Chase had no time to form any excuses.
"What's going on Boy?" Big Daddy Dave winced, tipping his ballcap.
"I accidently ran this girl off the road. She hit the back end of my car."
"Brandon looks like he's having fun." Dave noticed him trying to hide her nudity. Her dress on the ground was a dead giveaway. "Do I wanna know?"
"Not really." Chase turned pale. "She's...a hand full." He actually looked at his fingering hand then hid it in his back pocket trying to look cool.
"Appears that way." Dave tooted his horn hoping to break up the entangled young adults. In hearing his horn Brandon forced Rose from his grasp and looked over his shoulder. Rose feeling jilted shoved him away and stood away from his cover up. Waving at Dave, Rose giggled, "I deserved this."
"Uhhh?" Dave stared at her nudity then looked away, first forward then into his rearview mirror. With no one in sight he huffed his cheeks at the girl, "Might wanna get dressed Lil' Streaker."
"Only if my Sir tells me to." She points at Chase.
"Your Sir?"
"I owe him for hitting his car."
"I'll take care of his car. You just...get dressed." Seeing her naked Dave was struggling with an erection he didn't want to admit to. "Bike there looks mangled up." The front rim was definitely bent, "Chase? Throw her bike in the back of my truck. I'll take Lil' Miss here home."
"Her dress ripped when she was thrown off her bike." Brandon picked up her dress from the ground in an attempt to cover her with it. She pouted but took it, putting it back on even though it was pointless, not much was left to the imagination. Watching Chase lower his dad's tailgate then roll her Mother's bicycle to the truck Rose realized she would have to explain how it got wrecked to Kendra and Tony. Cringing a tad she flared her eyes at the ground.
Brandon in front of her tried to pull her dress over her private parts. Edgy he whispered, "Please don't get us in trouble."
"Eighteen. I was joking about my age to make you two worry."
"Really?" His eyes stared into hers, "Swear it?"
"I swear it. Don't tell Chase. Make him sweat." She giggled. "I liked kissing you."
"I loved kissing you." He looked bashful suddenly. "Can I see you again?"
"Only if you kiss me all over next time." She grew devilish again. "Is Chase's dad going to yell at him?"
"Probably! He always does."
"Good! Sir deserves it."
"Why do you keep calling him Sir?"
"Something my Daddy taught me and my sister. It's respect! You can be Sir too...on one condition."
"What's that?"
"Don't be so nice." She gives him a peck on the cheek then steps around him, releasing her hold over her dress so that the massive tear opened wide as she walked toward Dave. "Thank you for giving me a ride home Sir."
"More than welcome after my idiot son busted up your bike there. Climb on in."
"In back?"
"Lord no! Front seat."
"I've never ridden in a front seat before." Not even with Tony, her Dad definitely not. Kendra had yet to take them anywhere. Brave new world in Rose's eyes. She and Becca had not once been allowed to. Uneasy, she walked around to the passenger side of Dave's truck while the boys stood on the curb watching. As Dave unlocked her door from his side she opened it and stood there trembling.
"You alright there?" Dave winced.
"Yes. It's so high." She realized his truck sat up higher than even Tony's pickup.
"Boy?" Dave looked at Chase, "Help her in."
Swallowing dryly his son rushed to her aid and grabbed her by her hips to lift her enough to step up and crawl inside. A sweet ass in his face he whined under his breath, "Why does she have to be fifteen?" Of course she wasn't, but Brandon had a good laugh at his buddies expense. Let that dumb fucker squirm.
Once inside Rose stared at Dave with a hint of shyness, he was checking her out himself now that she was up close. As Chase shut the door and stepped back to the curb Dave looked in his mirrors then said, "Best put your seatbelt on." She had to locate it by facing the door and moving to one knee, in doing this Dave had a sweet glance at her bare bottom. Wanting to whistle he chose to be cordial. "Troubles there?"
"I got it." She returned to her sitting position and moved her skirt out of the way to buckle up. He could see her tiny button of pubic hair between her legs. Once settled she looked him over to return the favor. Spotting his bulging jeans she grinned, "You must have a really big cock."
"Excuse me?" He chuckled. "Why are you looking at me like that?"
"Because I like big cocks."
"Lord almighty!" He hissed, shaking off the tension, "Where you live Lil' Streaker?"
"Next block over." She pointed left at the stop sign as Dave drove on. Rounding the corner she noticed Dalton weed eating along the street around a tree trunk. Pointing at him she switched plans, not wanting to go straight home and face the music, should her Mother get cross, or worse yet piss Tony off.
"There's my big brother. You can drop me off here."
Luckily Dave had never met Dalton before so didn't second guess the girl. Pulling up into Dalton's driveway Dave nodded, "Your baby sister here had an accident next block over. Her bikes busted up." Dave told Dalton as the weed eater silenced.
Seeing Rose with a finger to her lips as she unbuckled, she opened her truck door and jumped out. Her skirt catching on the door handle ripped her tear even wider. Her dress was pretty much destroyed and dangling by threads and shoulder straps. "Careful there." Dave put his truck in park and stepped down to get her bicycle out of the bed of his truck. Dalton had zero clue what was going on as Rose raced to his side hugging him.
"I have a boo boo." She winked at Dalton.
"Uhhh? Okay! What happened to your dress?"
"Tore it when I crashed."
Bike on the ground Dave rolled it to her the front rim wobbling in transit. "Frames bent."
"I see that. Better be more careful...Sis."
She held Dalton tightly while winking at Dave, her eyes drifting to his crotch. Sad thing was both men had erections now. She knew exactly what she was doing. Dave clearing his throat at her beguiling gaze offered up some cash from his wallet. Handing Dalton a hundred dollar bill he said, "That should be enough to fix her bike?"
"If it's not I'll cover the rest. Thanks for bringing her...home." Dalton pocketed the cash for the time being. "Might not replace her dress though." Dave feeling guilty coughed up another hundred.
"There goes my boys college fund." He chuckled. "I better get home. Maybe I'll see you around again Lil'..." He decided to stop there, calling her Streaker in front of her brother might agitate the guy. "...Lady."
"Thank you Sir." Rose was polite. Once Dave got back into his truck and began to back out Rose dropped her hand down to Dalton's bulging erection. Squeezing it he grit his teeth and swatted her away from it.
"Are you fucking crazy? Why are you bringing me into your shit?"
"I didn't want him to go and tell my Mom what really happened."
"Meaning what?"
"That his son fingered me on the curb after I hit his car. It was his fault."
"What the fuck?" He looked her over seeing her scrapped knee, "You okay?"
"I liked it. Will you walk me home?"
"You're barely...you're naked."
"Not completely."
"I dunno Kid! You can't just put a guy in a position like this. You don't want to explain to your Mom, what makes you think I want to?"
"You have money because of me."
"To fix your bike and dress. It's not my money."
"It is if I let you keep it. I'm rich anyway." She bragged knowing of her future inheritance.
"Rich, huh?" He scowled, "Sure you are, living in this neighborhood?"
"I get it when I turn 21. My dad left my sister and I a lot of money."
"Right! Fuck! Let me put my weed eater up and grab a shirt. I'll bring you one too."
She watches him go into his garage first then his home. Stepping out on to the street she looked toward Kendra's house in the distance seeing her sister Becca by the mailbox checking it. Reaching in Becca found her sister's panties as Rose watched her look around in confusion. Giggling Rose took her dress off and walked out into the middle of the street dancing. Becca spotting her dropped her jaw and raced down the sidewalk to face her.
"You're insane." Becca danced around with her. "I looked everywhere for you."
"I rode Mom's bike. I crashed it." She pointed to the bike in Dalton's yard laying on it's side. Dalton returning with a button down shirt on and carrying another one noticed Becca in her own dress very similar to Rose's.
"Well, at least she wasn't lying about having a twin sister."
Dragging Becca by her hand Rose met Dalton half way and made introductions. "This is my sister Becca. His name is Dalton, he's our new secret big brother. We're fucking him sometime soon."
"Yes!" Becca jumped up with brilliant eyes, "You're cute."
"Christ!" He tossed Rose his second shirt, "Cover up."
"She brought me something to wear." Rose snatches up her panties and puts them on as Becca held the shirt. Posing in nothing but her panties Rose giggled, "Ready when you two are."
"Put the fucking shirt on. I'm not facing any parents with you in nothing but a freaking thong."
"She can wear my dress." Becca laughed and quickly took hers off. She at least wearing panties gave him hope. Dalton got a dose of Becca's sexiness and had to laugh. Both nearly naked in his front yard he had to enforce them to behave. "Someone is going to call the cops. Bad enough dealing with a pissed off parent without having a cop thinking the worst of me too. So get dressed."
Both girls giggled but obeyed him. His dick was having a fit. Two hot twins tended to do that to a guy. With Rose wearing his long shirt and panties, Becca back in her own dress, he plucked the bike up and walked it to the sidewalk. Informed of directions he eased it down the block until reaching Kendra Neal's home, setting the mangled bike in the yard by their garbage can. With their windows open everyone heard Kendra screaming her lungs off, Tony fucking her to the point of insanity. Dalton had to look to their window with awe.
"Someone's having fun." Dalton listened stepping in front of Kendra's parked car.
"That's our Mom. Her fiancée likes to make her crazy."
"Us too." Becca giggled then bulged her eyes. "I mean they like to make us crazy having to put up with hearing them."
Dalton winced at Becca's sudden change in persona. Suspiciously he nodded at the girls but said nothing. "Seeing as they're so busy up there I guess I don't have to tell them anything." He takes the money from his pants pocket and hands it to Rose, Becca eying the transfer, "Just tell them I paid for the bike repair. I'll cover your story if they show up at my door."
"Thanks!" Rose removed his shirt and handed it to him, "I can get inside without being seen." She even slipped her panties off and stuffed them into his shirt pocket, "Something to think about until we come over and seduce you."
"We so will." Becca snickered and swiftly removed her own dress yet again, both quickly hugging Dalton to each side of him. Blown away at their openness, and hearing Kendra crying out, "DON'T STOP TONY! FUCK ME BABY!" and Tony wailing a verse of, "YEEEEEHAW!" he had to laugh. Rose and Becca winking at one another joined forces rubbing his bulging crotch.
Knowing their Mother was busy he just caved in and let them. With no discouragement Rose just went for it. Kneeling at his feet she unzipped his shorts and plucked his erection out. Becca giggling met her sister shoulder to shoulder as one stroked his cock, the other fondled his balls. Leaning his back against the side door of Kendra's car he let those hot little bitches suck his dick.
"You two have until your Mom stops breaking the sound barrier."
They had thirty five minutes. He nutted in both their faces. Leaving before the cries died down Dalton made it known, "Next time I'm cream puffing your asses." They were giddy.
As the screams lessened the girls grabbed their clothing and ran into the house, their bolting up the staircase noisy until they heard Kendra call out, "No running in the house."
Laughing Rose stepped to the door and opened it peering in, hiding her nudity behind the frame. Catching the lovers off guard, Kendra hung her head over the side of the bed to look up at her daughter. Tony still mounting her, dick ready for more chuckled at being busted. Rearing up he stroked his cock straight toward Rose to be mean.
"I crashed the bike. A guy offered to have it fixed." She flipped the two hundred dollar bills into the room. "Ripped my dress gotta change. Bye!"
"What in the world?" Kendra looked up at Tony, finding him posing with his cock in hand. "Why are we always caught having sex?"
"Told ya Ken...best get used to it." He lowered his crown and inserted it back inside her. She had completely overlooked the possibility that Rose had seen him upright.
"I am...we really should lock the door."
"Naaa!"
Neither of them noticed Dalton's cum on Rose's face. The girls had a good laugh at their mischief while settling on their own bed. At least Rose was honest about the bike, so there was that. In their bedroom the girls licked each others face of Dalton's jizz before it faded away. Tasting new friends was fun.
"Tony?"
"Yeah, Ken?"
"Did she see your dick?"
"Thinkin' so."
"OH MY GOD!" She huffed as he destroyed her cunt again, her sudden thoughts lost in a blur.
"Day at a time Momma! Day at a time."
The wheels were turning.