Chapter 1
Sayid couldn't start his day without his coffee. He started the ritual when he was about 10 years old and over 20 years later, he was still abiding by it. He needed his morning fix but didn't like making his own. It was too much work. Rather, he enjoyed his mornings visiting the local coffee shop that was a quick walk from his apartment. He enjoyed walking more than he did riding in CAV's, the short name for connected automated vehicles.
He remembered his uncle talking to him about how people used to have to drive cars. Nowadays, the only amount of driving that was needed is if you had to drive on a non-automated road somewhere in the country. Usually, these were dirt roads that the corporate state hadn't finished paving and painting with RFID strips. Additionally, a lot of vehicles on these roads lacked the V2X technology essential to allowing other cars to communicate with each other.
Sayid finally arrived at the coffee shop. It was comfortable, quaint, and different because they had a human barista. Most shops were automated and would identify your preferences based on your bioimplant, but he would gladly pay more for a coffee that was made by a human.
He approached the counter and saw a new barista. She looked to be in her late twenties and had beautiful dark skin decorated with detailed tattoos. Her hair was about to her shoulders. She was short, her chest was full, and she had a petite figure. She had several gaming stickers enhancing her name tag, which read Janessa in fun varied letter fonts. Janessa had an LED tongue piercing that made her mouth glow red as she spoke.
"What can I make you today?" Queried Janessa.
"I'll have a dry hazelnut cappuccino, please." Responded Sayid.
"You got it honey! What's your name?" Janessa responded as she winked at him.
As she turned her back to make the coffee, Sayid smiled to himself. He loved it when ladies called him honey. He knew that it was meant in a generic way to elicit a positive customer experience, but he liked it, nonetheless.
"Sayid!" He replied proudly.
He was the only person in the coffee shop this Sunday. It seemed that folks had other things to do today. He sat down at the counter and watched Janessa create his coffee. She took great care and was very proud of her skill. After a few minutes of watching her art form, he was presented with a beautiful, hand-crafted cappuccino that produced a warm nutty aroma.
He took a sip and smiled in satisfaction. Janessa smiled back at his reaction.
"Looks like I am the only one in here today. Is it usually this dead Sunday mornings?" asked Sayid.
"Yes, it really won't pick up for another few hours." Janessa explained.
Sayid took another sip and watched Janessa as she turned her back to start cleaning. This was the first time he caught a glimpse of her backside. She had an amazing butt. It was just the right size for her figure and filled out the skirt she was wearing. His eyes were drawn to her neck where he could see a tattoo of what looked to be a bird's beak.
"Your tattoos are just so detailed and amazing, where did you get them done? I have been looking to find a tattoo artist and get a few for myself." Sayid inquired.
"I know someone that does these for fun. She doesn't charge me anything and is an artist who loves to work on my body as a special hobby." Janessa replied.
"Wow, well there is no doubt she is an artist. The level of detail on your tattoos is remarkable." Complimented Sayid.
"It's done by hand with a bioprinter. She doesn't use wasteful printed templates to apply the design. It can react to changes in temperature and light. You have only seen a small portion of what I have. My favorite is my phoenix tattoo on my back. It took 18 one-hour long sessions to complete. Would you like to see it?" asked Janessa as she shot a furtive look to Sayid.
"Yes!" Sayid said automatically as he realized he had no control over the word that came out of his mouth.
Chapter 2
Janessa grinned and walked over to the front door. She scanned her wrist on the door and Sayid watched as the Open sign changed to Close and the door lock clicked.
"Follow me." she ordered in a surprisingly seductive and dictatorial voice.
Sayid did as he was told, and they walked through a long corridor leading to the back of the store. She again used her wrist to unlock a door and walked into an office. Sayid followed cautiously.
Upon entering the room, she looked at him.
"I am about to show you something that will reveal parts of my body to you. If you want to see this, I will need you to remove your clothing so we're both vulnerable. Does this sound fair to you?" Janessa asked as she tilted her head and waited for Sayid's response.
Sayid only responded by nodding his head and starting to unbutton his shirt. Janessa followed suit by removing her apron and then pulling her long-sleeved T-shirt over her head. Sayid had a lovely view of her bra. It was too small for her breasts. He also started to see just how many tattoos covered her body. There was an array of figures that included different animals and symbols.
She pointed at his pants, and he obeyed. Sayid unbuttoned and unzipped his pants and let him hit the floor. Janessa followed suit and she wriggled out of her tight pants. Both stood in front of each other wearing nothing but their underwear.
Janessa slowly twirled around. The bird's beak on her neck turned out to be a phoenix's beak. The tattoo was enormous. It covered her entire back and the tale of fire wrapped around her stomach, continued below her navel, and disappeared under her panties.
The ink was glowing red and orange. Sayid had heard about glowing ink, but this was the first time he had seen it in person. The glow of the tattoo accentuated her dark skin and Sayid became aware that he was becoming visibly aroused by her semi-nakedness.
Janessa's head turned to Sayid and her gaze shot downward. She smiled and slowly ran her fingers over the tattoo from the top of its head down to its tail. Her fingers disappeared under her panties. Sayid could see her inhale and close her eyes. Her breasts pushed forward as she filled her lungs with air.
Sayid's cock had now fully pitched a tent in his boxers. Janessa opened her eyes and watched as Sayid's eyes were transfixed upon her panties. She toyed with her pussy under the panties and the movement of her hand was clearly visible through her thin undergarment.
Sayid's mouth was watering, and he frantically swallowed as he struggled to breathe. He could see the tattoo begin to pulse color now and although he could not see her hand, he could hear Janessa becoming wetter as her fingers slipped in and out of her pussy.
Janessa was enjoying watching Sayid lose control of his functions. She could see his heartbeat increase rapidly through the heads-up display in her contacts. A small wet stain had appeared on his boxers evidently from the pre-cum emanating from his dick. She loved to be in control and right now he was her puppet.
She took her wet fingers out of her panties and again traced her tattoo, leaving a visible trail of wetness that made the glowing ink shimmer.
"I'm still on the job, do me a favor, and finish what we started in this cup." Janessa demanded as she handed him a coffee cup, slipped her clothes back on, and walked out of the office.
Sayid stood still for a moment contemplating his abundant lack of control. He looked at the stain on his boxers and thought of Janessa. He was hard as a rock and needed relief. He looked at the coffee cup and pulled his shorts down.
Chapter 3
Sayid was alone in a backroom office jerking off in a cup. It felt surreal. It didn't take long, though, he maintained the vivid image of Janessa's face as she played with herself. The tattoos on her body gave her a rebellious and mysterious quality that he yearned to explore.
As he exploded into the coffee cup, he thought of what the phoenix tail might look like under her panties. He now craved to eventually see the tattoo in its entirety. He put his clothes back on, looked down at the coffee cup, breathed in heavily as he closed his eyes. Then, he opened his eyes, exhaled, and walked out of the office.
Sayid's hand was shaking as he exited the office with his coffee cup. The shop was open again and there were customers in line. He patiently waited in line with the cup in his hand. The customers had no clue what had gone on, but he stood there feeling dirty and ashamed of himself.
After a few minutes, he approached the counter.
"Oh, thanks for bringing me a cup with creamer. It's tough to get out from under this counter when it's busy." Janessa said to Sayid loudly enough so customers could hear.
She filled the cup with coffee and stirred it. Then, without breaking eye-contact with Sayid, she drank the coffee and licked her lips.
"Just what I needed, Sayid, see you tomorrow!" Janessa teased as she turned around to finish making another order.
Sayid waved and walked out of the coffee shop completely stunned at what had transpired. His heart was beating rapidly, and he was clearly in a daze. He almost tripped over the roving trash-bot as he walked down the sidewalk.
He continued walking and paid no attention to the pop-up ads playing on his heads-up display glasses. He wished he had enough money to pay to remove the ads, but that was a very costly subscription. The ads were annoying, but they meant he was able to have a free pair of glasses that he could trade out every few months at no cost. A fair deal in his opinion.
Sayid was lost in his thoughts and soon realized that he had arrived at work. He worked at a VTC, short for Virtual Training Camp. His job was to work with businesses to understand their business processes and build a plan to help train their workers using a virtual environment. VTC's gave the new employees real world experience before interacting with clients. Additionally, some employers used it to screen potential candidates and help choose the best workers during the probationary period.
He walked into the company and picked up a BCI or brain-controlled interface. Someone was already in his favorite spot, so he picked another comfortable spot to lay down and slipped on his BCI to begin his workday that would be filled with virtual meetings and proposals for new and existing clients.
Janessa's day was filled with thirsty customers. Her mother had passed down the barista art to her when she was little. She could make lattes and cappuccinos without even thinking about it. In fact, she wasn't thinking about it. She was thinking of Sayid. Rarely had she made such a bold move with another man, but her target was set.
She thought of how just the sight of her body made Sayid's manhood grow. She tried to imagine the actual size of his member and what it would look like. She knew from the lift of his boxers that he was packing quite a hidden surprise.
She also thought about the taste of his cum in her coffee. It was sweet and salty with a little bit of gritty texture. It paired with her hazelnut coffee well and then she thought about "hazelnut" and giggled to herself at the double entendre.
As her day concluded, she walked home and activated her surveillance drone to keep her safe. Violent crime had become rampant in the city, but a benefit from work was a discount on a hovering camera that deterred criminal activity for fear of being quickly identified and reported in real-time to privatized police that were paid according to weekly quotas.
She arrived at her shared living quarters safely and decided to get right to sleep. She wanted to dream about Sayid and plan for tomorrow's adventure.
Chapter 4
Sayid awoke from his work's sleeping pod, a common amenity, if you wanted to call it that, accommodating employees who worked long shifts. He headed towards the waterless showers that quickly steamed and misted his body, ensuring he was clean and fresh.
After changing his clothes, he headed back to the coffee shop. He was eager and slightly anxious to start his day with Janessa. He had no idea what would happen this morning and in a world of dull predictability, he delighted in the unknown anticipation that stood before him.
Janessa cleaned the coffee machines, quietly hoping that Sayid would stop back in. She didn't know if he would come back after being so forward with him yesterday. She kept stealing glances at the door, until finally her wish was fulfilled. Sayid opened the door to the coffee shop earlier than the day before and walked up to the counter.
"Good Morning, Janessa, could I get a..." Sayid's started to ask, but was cut short.
"I'm already working on it, Sayid." Janessa interjected and winked at him.
Sayid stood and watched as she made his coffee with a skill he could only admire. She was quick, efficient, and delicate. Then, he watched as her hand disappeared under her skirt. She became flushed and panted heavily while maintaining eye contact with him.
Sayid observed her arm moving briskly back and forth and could hear sloppy wet sounds emanating from under her skirt.
"Show me your cock!" bellowed Janessa.
Sayid obeyed and unzipped his pants and pulled out his member. He was still flaccid but was quickly becoming engorged. He could feel his dick stiffen as her passionate glare locked upon his manhood.
Janessa quickened her pace and Sayid could hear audible moans of pleasure.
"Stroke it for me!" ordered Janessa.
Sayid again obeyed without hesitation, gripping his stiff cock, and moving his hand up and down his seven-inch rod.
Janessa lifted her skirt and put her leg on the counter, exposing her soaked panties to him. She continued to finger herself feverishly as Sayid kept pleasuring himself in front of her. Suddenly, Janessa hips jolted forward, and he watched as her muscles tightened.
She moaned in pleasure and Sayid watched as the involuntary spasms took over her body. He looked down at her panties that were now so soaked that he could see drips of her natural juices run down her leg.
Janessa took his coffee and held it under her panties as she squeezed them. Sayid watched with excitement as her excess juices dripped into his drink. She used her finger to stir it and then slid it over to him. She then took off her panties and handed them to him. Her skirt had fallen back down, and Sayid was unable to see her pussy during this maneuver.
"Finish on those, quickly!" Janessa demanded.
Sayid stepped up his pace and he could feel his climax building as she watched him with her hungry eyes. His hand gripped his cock tightly as his pace now quickened and his arm began to ache. He felt the point of no return oncoming and he knew that not even another customer entering the store would be able to stop him for cumming on her panties.
Sayid let out a grunt as thick, sticky strings of semen sprayed all over her panties. He hunched over the counter, handed her panties back, and pulled his pants back up. Janessa took the panties and put them back on reveling in delight as she felt his warm semen glaze her pussy lips.
Sayid mouth opened in surprise and Janessa took the opportunity to bring the coffee up to his lips and force him to sip. She watched eagerly for his reaction to her personalized coffee flavor and was not disappointed when Sayid displayed a warm grin and licked his lips. They both stared at each other for a few minutes but were interrupted when a customer walked into the store.
"Come back tomorrow." Janessa uttered as Sayid left the store with his coffee.
Chapter 5
Sayid had the day off. He headed back to his micro-apartment. Even though the living space was small, it was packed with extra storage, and it had everything he needed to live. He was never one to keep a lot of material items. He was more interested in experiences than collecting junk.
He spent most of the day playing with his augmented reality pets. He loved that he could morph them into different shapes and styles at will and the haptic feedback glove he wore provided a realistic petting sensation. With only 300 square feet of room in his living space, this was his best option for a pet.
Sayid couldn't stop thinking about Janessa. He decided to take a walk and go find some food. He turned on his navigation app on his glasses and a map popped up on the display. He decided to look for plant-based sushi and added the crime avoidance AI to the navigation selection option.
He walked towards the nearest self-service restaurant. The crime avoidance AI had him walking in an odd pattern, but he soon recognized that he was on a familiar street. This was the same street as the coffee shop. The shop should have closed about 20 minutes ago. The display alerted him to a hovering camera coming towards him. He looked up to locate the camera and tripped over a trash-bot. Sayid tumbled over and landed on the sidewalk.
"Sayid, is that you?"
Sayid recognized the voice, but when he looked up, his vision was blurry, and he was unable to verify visually that it was Janessa.
"Janessa? Is that you?" asked Sayid.
An audible crunch could be heard as Janessa's boot accidentally stepped on Sayid's glasses.
"Uh, yes, are these your glasses? I'm so sorry!" Janessa replied apologetically.
"It's okay, it's okay, they are part of a free subscription. I can get new ones tomorrow. Can you help me up?" Sayid insisted.
Janessa helped him to his feet, but she noticed that he was having difficulty navigating without his glasses. She grabbed his hand.
"Come with me!" She asserted.
She led him to her shared living space. Sayid wanted to say no, but he couldn't. Again, he was incapable of saying no to this woman. It scared and delighted him at the same time. Without his glasses, the lights emanating from the luminescent pavement was blurry and made it difficult for him to navigate. He was glad to have bumped into Janessa and that she would lead him to a safe space for the night.
Janessa arrived back at her shared living space and walked in heading to her room. It was convenient that her room was positioned next to the door, so she didn't have to walk through the living room or kitchen where the others would be.
Sayid couldn't see that well, but he was amazed at the ambiance of her room. It was dark lit, but colors were everywhere. There were purple and red hues that bounced off mirrors and filled the room. A green light was radiating from under her bed.
Janessa playfully pushed Sayid onto the bed and straddled him.
"What do you like most about my body so far?" probed Janessa.
"Your body is fantastic, but that tattoo, it's mesmerizing." Sayid responded.
"Correct answer!" Janessa replied gleefully as she pulled off her shirt.
Sayid laid back and watched as she unclasped her bra and whipped it across the room. He could see her breasts for the first time. They were pert and full, but not too big or small. Her areolas were a perfect ratio in his opinion and were the perfect landing pad for her excitedly erect and pierced nipples.
She leaned forward and pulled off his shirt. Sayid could feel her breasts dangling over his face. He could also feel his erection building and pressing against Janessa's pubic bone. He reached up and grabbed her neck and pulled her in for a kiss. The kiss started off slowly, but as passion built, they both began to explore their mouths.
Janessa's tongue ring started vibrating, initially startling Sayid. They both laughed for a moment and then Janessa's tongue started to travel down Sayid's body. He took a deep breath as she inched down his chest and below his navel. She tugged as his pants, and he lifted his butt into the air to allow her to pull them down.
Sayid lay on this woman's bed, completely exposed and vulnerable and he loved it. Janessa wrapped her hands around his cock and playfully licked the head of his dick with her vibrating tongue. She continued this tease for a few minutes until he felt her mouth fully envelop his package.
Janessa always thought of herself as skilled when it came to oral play. While other women she knew didn't find it appealing, she was always turned on by a man allowing her to take his most precious asset into her mouth. There was such intimacy and trust involved.
To her, it was also a demonstration of passion and skill. Like her barista skills, Janessa thought of her oral dance as an artform. She had learned to take an entire cock down her throat without choking and when she demonstrated this move on Sayid, she could hear him moan with pleasure.
She moved around so her pussy would be in his face and that his favorite part of her body, the tattoo would be visible. She hoped he would take this as an invitation to let him show off his oral skills as well.
Sayid watched in awe as Janessa took his entire manhood into her mouth. He then saw her twirl around and was now up close and personal with her pussy. It was immaculate. She had dyed her landing strip red, and his eyes shot back and forth between her pussy and the dragon tattoo that glowed brightly in the darkly lit room.
Without thinking his hand traced the tattoo and his mouth started exploring her pussy. She was already wet, and he lapped up her sweet and intoxicating juice with a frenzy. His tongue formed geometric patterns around her labia, and he teased her clit enough to feel it engorge at the excitement.
Janessa was pleased to feel Sayid's tongue exploring her folds. She also could intensely feel his hand exploring her tattoo. She had nerve implants under the tattoo, so she could feel the slightest touch more intensely than any other part of her body. He was hitting all the spots.
Sayid watched as the tattoo pulsed on her back. He felt as if it would peel off at any moment and fly up into the air. He felt Janessa scoot forward and lift her hips. He then watched as she lowered herself onto his stiff rod.
Janessa needed his cock in her. She grabbed his rock-hard cock and positioned it below her slit. She lowered herself gradually onto his dick and allowing it to pierce through her folds. He was big and she could feel the pressure build as her hole adjusted to accommodate.
As Janessa's pussy surrounded Sayid's manhood, he it felt securely encased in a warm and wet home. He wished this could be permanent, but he knew that it would only last until he came. He did everything in his power to prolong his climax.
Janessa was amazed at his stamina after riding his cock for several minutes. He was still matching her rhythm and showed no sign of stopping. She could feel sweat beading and dripping down her back. She was about to have her first orgasm and she could feel her asshole tense up and her pussy contract.
Sayid peered at her back tattoo as moisture started to run down over her glowing skin. She was visibly aroused, and he knew by the way her asshole puckered that she was about to orgasm. He saw the contractions as well as feeling them around his cock. He squeezed the base of his cock to try to edge out the intense pleasure he was feeling from her pussy walls massaging his rod from every angle.
Janessa let out an audible cry as the first wave hit. She felt her pussy leak some fluid and then she picked up her pace. She was determined to make Sayid cum hard. She hoped he would cum harder for her than anyone else before. Her heart rate finally flipped on her body modification under her tattoo. Long strings that vibrated under her skin were activated and sent intense pleasure rippling through her body.
Sayid watched as her tattoo began to shimmer and shake. He rubbed his hand over her back and could feel the tattoo coming to life. It was glowing and moving as if it were about to rip away from her back and form its own life. The sensations he was now feeling began to give way to his orgasm.
He had successfully edged out his orgasm several times up until this point, but with the audible, visual, and tactile sensations all hitting him at once, he struggled to restrain himself. He could already feel her pussy dripping on his cock and as soon as her second orgasm hit, he lost control.
He pulled out of her and shot massive explosions of cum all over the phoenix. He could feel her pussy leaking her fluids all over his leg as he watched his semen glow in red and orange as it dripped down the phoenix.
She turned around and collapsed on him and they could both feel their labored breathing begin to return to normal. They drifted into a sex-induced sleep.
Chapter 6
Amara was in the kitchen fixing her dinner when she heard loud sounds near the front door. Curious, she left her food on the counter and went to investigate. With crime rampant in the city, she picked up a round graphene decoration that resembled a large capsule. It was lightweight but could withstand a large blow and it was the only thing she could find quickly as a weapon.
As she neared the door, she realized that the sounds were coming from the bedroom of her usually quiet living mate, Janessa. She paused for a moment with relief and then curiosity took the better of her. She continued quietly towards the door.
Amara could hear the sounds and knew exactly what was going on. She felt her heartbeat increase and a rush of excitement pulse through her body. The door was not fully shut, and she was able to push it open slightly without making any sounds. In the dimly lit room, she saw Janessa on top of a man.
The man was strongly built, yet not big. She had a clear view of his large dick that was disappearing in and out of Janessa's mouth. Amara felt her pussy begin to moisten. Her hand began to fondle her breasts and tug at her nipples. She had never seen other anyone else having sex before and the moment excited her.
She realized that she was still holding the graphene decoration in her hand. It was round and about 9 inches long. She realized that the shape was smooth enough that she could use it as a dildo. She looked around to ensure she was alone and then pulled down her night shorts.
Amara took the smooth end of the decoration and slowly inserted into her pussy. She began to work it in and out; simultaneously pushing it deeper within her. She kept an eye on Janessa and the man. Amara could see her mounting him now. Her heart began to race as she increased her speed.
This was the riskiest thing that Amara had ever done. She hoped desperately to finish before they did. Her pussy was getting slipperier, and the audible moans and wet sounds of sex only heightened her pleasure. She was close to climaxing.
Amara started to feel the pleasure overcome her as she rubbed her clit and pushed the makeshift dildo in and out of her pussy. She was already very wet, but when she saw the man pull out of Janessa and cum all over her back, she lost it.
Amara's body spasmed and to her surprise, she squirted a little on the floor. The shockwave moved through her entire body and for a moment, she lost control and fell to her knees. She knelt in the hallway, shorts around her ankles, dripping wet, with a bookshelf decoration shoved up her pussy. She had never felt so dirty.
She pulled out the decoration and set it on the floor, then she used her shorts to clean up her juices from the ground. After, she made her way to the bathroom. Amara removed her clothes to get ready to take a shower. She didn't know if anyone else would be able to smell her, but she knew she smelled of sex and needed to clean herself off before she went back out to the kitchen to finish her food.
Chapter 7
Nova awoke from her nap because she heard noises. She was a light sleeper and the constant noises in the shared living space always irritated her. She got up and decided to get something to eat. In the kitchen, she found dinner that someone had made, but had not eaten. Again, the realization that the fools living with her were both noisy and dirty irritated her.
Nova heard a door close near the front of the living space and decided to go investigate. It was dark and she could hardly see anything in front of her and that is the exact reason she tripped over an object on the floor. When she crawled over to inspect the object she tripped on, she found that it was the oddly shaped decoration from the living area.
Why had it been relocated here and why was it wet and sticky. She brought the object closer to smell what it was. It only took a second to realize what the smell was. Although it was not the same smell as her pussy, she had been with enough women to recognize the smell.
She decided to leave the decoration where it was and go wash her hands in the bathroom sink. When she approached the bathroom, the light was on. She opened the door and entered at the exact same time the shower flipped on. She stood silent for a moment as she watched a completely naked Amara step into the shower.
She wanted to leave, but knew that even under the shower noise, Amara would still be able to hear the door. The curtain was see-through as well. She needed to find a place to hide quickly. Nova quickly realized that she would be able to fit in the closet opposite the shower. She slid into the closet quickly and easily as it was already opened.
Nova watched as Amara took a shower. She loved the elegance and beauty of her figure. Watching another woman wash herself was an intimate moment for her. It looked as if Amara was really enjoying the shower. She lingered on her most private parts for far longer than Nova would.
Amara's shower antics were getting Nova hot. She brought her hands to her nose again. Was this Amara she was smelling? Had she been pleasuring herself with the dildo-shaped decoration in the hallway?
Nova felt a need to combine Amara's juices with her own. She slid her sticky fingers under her panties and then into her pussy. She watched Amara through the crack in the closet and fingered herself. She was trapped and should have felt scared, but instead she almost wanted to be caught.
Amara saw Nova enter the closet. She was excited at the prospect of Nova watching her, so she decided to put on a show. She bent over and fondled her tits, even played with her pussy more than she needed to. Now, it was time to see if she could tilt this turn of events in her favor.
Amara turned off the shower and without using the towel that was next to her, walked directly to the closet. She had drooled over Nova for nearly a year now in the shared living space and she wasn't about to waste this moment.
Stricken with panic and anticipation, Nova was unable to move as she watched Amara approach the closet. The closet opened and Nova stood frozen as she watched her naked roommate put her wet arms around her and slowly move in for a kiss. She wouldn't dare move anyway, except to kiss her back.
Chapter 8
Sayid awoke in an unfamiliar bed needing to pee. He realized that he was over at Janessa's shared living space and remembered he didn't have any glasses. He shook her and she rolled over.
"Janessa, you awake, I need to pee, but I can't see." Whispered Sayid.
"If a man's got to pee, then follow me!" Janessa stated in an upbeat tone as they had only been asleep for a few minutes.
Janessa and Sayid got up and traveled to the bathroom together. Upon seeing the bathroom light on and the door almost shut, Janessa gestured to Sayid to hold on for a second and decided to peep.
Janessa's eyes widened as she watched Amara and Nova. Both women were lip locked and kissing each other passionately. Amara was completely naked and dripping wet. There was hunger in both as they started to grip each other's curves.
"Can I pee, yet?" Sayid whispered.
Janessa grabbed Sayid by the head and put his face against the opened slit in the door. You could audibly hear his gulp as even he could tell the blurry women in front of him were locked in passion. All three women now turned in his direction. Amara swung the door open and stared at Sayid with a smirk.
"Can I pee?" Sayid asked as Amara shrugged and pushed Nova back against the closet.
Janessa grabbed Sayid and walked by both women as they continued to ravage each other as if there was nobody else in the room. She reached into Sayid's shorts, pulled out his cock and aimed it at the toilet. There was a delay for a moment and then he finally let himself relax.
He couldn't believe his situation. Everything was blurry, but he knew that there were clearly two women making out in the closet and now Janessa was holding his dick while he was peeing. He could hear her laughing as she moved it around and watched the stream move.
"This is so fucking fun!" Janessa said as she whirled his cock in circles. When he finished, she shook it a bit and then pulled his shorts down completely. She pulled him over to the girls and then bent over and dropped to all fours.
"Fuck me!" she demanded.
Sayid had no trouble getting it back up again. Besides the lustful command he was given, he heard and saw the blurry women directly in front of him. His cock was hard instantly, and Janessa's pussy was soaked. He fucked her so hard; you could hear the slap of skin over and over.
Nova's clothes were being quickly torn off by Amara. She was both aroused by Amara and the fact that she was fucking in front of another couple. She was just now realizing that this was something that turned her on.
Nova dropped to her knees and started licking Amara's clit. She tasted delicious and she could feel herself starting to lose control. Amara grabbed Nova by the hair and shoved her face deeper into her pussy. Nova's nose was now pressed up against Amara's beautiful multicolored landing strip.
Amara could hear Janessa's and her partner fucking, and it was only fair that they watched her as she had gotten off by watching them. Amara turned around, dropped to all fours in front of Janessa. From the back, Amara could feel Nova eating her out and fingering her ass at the same time. It was heaven. Amara and Janessa watched the pleasure on each other's faces, and it heightened their satisfaction. The anticipation only heighted the mood. Janessa finally came first. Amara watched as all her muscles tensed in her face and then she collapsed to the floor in pleasure.
Amara was next, the thought of Janessa's climax and Nova's face buried in her pussy sent a shockwave of pleasure through her. Her body tightened and her hips bucked uncontrollably.
Nova knew Amara was getting close and when she felt Amara's hips tighten, she licked Amara fervently and passionately. She grabbed onto her hips and dug in her nails. Nova's face was rewarded by warm gushes of Amara's love fluids. Her face was covered, and Amara flipped around and began kissing her soaked lips.
As they kissed, Amara's hand was between Nova's other lips. She was working her clit and g-spot at the same time. Nova knew she would not last. Her heart was beating rapidly, and she was already sensitive to the touch.
Sayid was laying on top of Janessa, tracing her back tattoo and listening to the women finish up. His cock was slowly receding from her pussy, and he could feel Janessa's hand holding it in her. He could see Janessa watching the two women with curiosity and lust and he also wished he had his glasses to visually enjoy this moment.
Janessa watched as Nova finally gave in and began spasming on the floor. She had now watched two of her roommates have an orgasm in front of her. It was such a privilege, she thought, to witness someone in their most private of moments.
Nova had never experienced an orgasm that strong before. She was unable to move, even as the mop-bot sped into the room to clean up their mess. When it started bumping into Nova's face and beeping error codes, the four of them lost it and started laughing hysterically.
Chapter 9
The next morning, Janessa helped Sayid get a new pair of glasses. As he put them back on, he was rewarded with the sight of her beauty.
"I had a really good time last night." Sayid said in a serious, but gentle tone.
"You're going to have a very good night, tonight, now that your glasses are back on. Don't trip and fall on your way over." Janessa replied with a wink as she sent her address to his glasses.
As she walked away, he noticed a new app on his glasses named Phoenix. He clicked the app and the entire phoenix tattoo became visible through Janessa's clothes. He saw Janessa respond with a shiver and she shot a glance back at him and then kept walking.
It was clear that the barista with the phoenix tattoo still had a lot of mysteries left to uncover, but she would need to wait. He turned and hurried back to his work. Upon arriving, he slipped on his BCI.
"You're late, you better have something for me. This bioprinting company is up my ass to get a proposal for their training video, Sayid, you promised it a week ago." Nyx demanded.
Nyx was Sayid's boss. He was fair, but direct and commanding. Sayid preferred it this way because he always knew where he stood with him. He had never met Nyx in person and always wondered if he would be as commanding as he sounded in his brain as he would be in person.
"I found the perfect scenario, but it's bold. The client is going to have to sign a waiver and we'll need to rate this one very mature. It will be perfect. Let me show you a few highlights. It will be the first time I am seeing this as well, my glasses were broke, but the retinal recorders picked up everything." Sayid explained.
A few moments went by and then Sayid heard Nyx through the BCI again.
"This is fucking genius, Sayid. Go back tomorrow and get more content so we can get the devs to do a workup ASAP. I'll get the meeting scheduled."
Sayid pulled off his BCI and grinned. He walked out of his work and started heading out to go meet up with Janessa.
He couldn't wait to get back to her and get more of her bioprinting and antics recorded again. He brought up the address on his glasses but noticed that it was a fake address.
4Q Notmy St.
Seeyanever, AZ 8008S
He was confused. He brought up his new Phoenix app and looked around. Everyone now had a Phoenix tattoo on their back. He tried to shut it off, but it wouldn't turn off. He pulled his glasses off and still saw the Phoenix tattoos.
He then watched as the visual image of himself jacking off in a coffee cup appeared on all the virtual advertising around him. People stopped and gawked, shocked by the display.
He started to sweat, become overwhelmed and then started to run but tripped over a trash-bot and fell onto the street. He heard the familiar crunch of his glasses and then a woman drove her knee into his back and leaned over his ear.
"Don't mess with the Phoenix." The woman whispered and then disappeared into in the blur of Sayid's vision.