"I'm just here for the wastebasket," I said and stepped into her cubicle. At first, she was completely focused on the screen in front of her. She didn't notice me until I lifted the liner from the wastebasket and said, "You're working late."
Thunder crackled outside the building, and she jumped. The lightning must have been close. She took a second to get her composure back, and then she looked very professional. She wore a dark dress suit, and her hair curled under just at her shoulders. "Are you new here?" she asked. Her eyes settled on the badge sewn into my coverall. "Mr. Dugan."
I touched the badge, "That's the name of the service. It's my bosses name." I stepped out to drop the liner into my cart and noticed the name plate on her cubicle. "I've been here for a couple weeks, and I've never had to dump the trash from this cubicle. Are you Becky?"
That made her laugh. "I'm not her. She's on maternity leave and the techs have my computer, so I'm using hers." She turned back to her screen, so I replaced her wastebasket liner and moved on to the next cubicle.
Thunder crackled outside again. The lights flickered once before the power went out and the office went dark. I stopped where I was, leaned on my cart, and waited for my eyes to adjust. It wasn't completely dark. There were emergency lights on over the doors, and I could see the glow of the computer screen from the cubicle I just left.
The woman I'd been talking to said, "Dammit, dammit, dammit!" She wasn't going to get much work done on backup power. Her computer screen went dark.
I woke my phone, used its light to find a chair, and sat down to call Dugan. "Wait for me," he said. "I'll call the power company and see how long they expect to be out."
The woman stepped out of her cubicle and found me waiting. "Boreland needs a memo by noon. I'm going to wait here. Are you waiting?"
"At least until my boss calls back. He's calling the power company." I stood up and smoothed my coverall. "I'm going to wait in the atrium. It's outside the card reader, and the seats are more comfortable."
The emergency lights lit my way out and I dropped into a soft chair by the rail. Normally I could see down to the lobby level from there, but with the space lit just by the occasional flash of lightning and the dim glow from the exit signs, the lobby was lost in darkness below me.
My phone rang almost as soon as I settled back in the chair. It was Dugan. "The power company says an hour, maybe two. Stay there and wait, and we'll bill your time."
Like the woman in the cubicle, I had work to get in by noon, but mine was school work. I would have walked out on the job if a light from the office hadn't caught my attention. She stopped at the office door and let her phone shine out toward where I sat, and then turned it off and picked her way through the darkness.
"Do you mind if I wait with you?" she asked. She didn't wait for an answer before she set a water bottle on the table by the rail and perched on the seat across from me. "Have you heard from your boss?"
I told her what Dugan said, and she slid back into the seat. "I've been with a client for the last week. That's probably why I haven't seen you around before."
"You won't see me again, either. It's my last night. The hours are too long." My eyes had adjusted to the dark, and I watched her cross her legs. "Do you work late very often?"
"I'm an engineer. We work late when we have to, and that happens a lot."
If the light had been brighter, then she could have seen my interest jump. She probably heard it in my voice. "I'm a Senior. In another year, maybe I'll be an engineer, too." She laughed, but I didn't feel like I said anything funny.
"If you want a chance to be more than a technician, than you should probably get a Master's degree before you dive into the job market.
"I'm environmental. What are you?"
"Electrical." I leaned forward and tried harder to see the expression on her face, but I could see little more than her silhouette. "Maybe I'll do grad school. It depends on a lot of things.
"Was the job hard when you started out?"
She gave me that humorless laugh again. "It's still hard. I was never very outgoing before, now I don't spend much time at home. I feel like I'm married to the job, and my job is a terrible lover."
Lightning flashed—farther off then it was before—and without thinking about it, I counted the seconds before I heard the thunder. "It's moving away." There was hardly a sound from anything but the rain on the skylights. "What do you do when you aren't working?"
I noticed while I waited for her to answer that even the hum of the air conditioners was gone. Her voice was quiet when she finally said. "I go to my dream house. You might want to build one too."
That made me laugh. "Is that a house that cleans itself?"
Each pause before she answered seemed longer than the last. I heard her draw her breath. "It's not a house that cleans itself. It's a Gothic mansion on a hill where I go in my dreams, and sometimes even while I'm still awake. Each room in the house lets me explore a fantasy, and I wander through it until I find what I need."
She waited for my reaction, but I didn't know what to say. She shifted uncomfortably in the dark. "I probably shouldn't have told you that."
I stumbled over my own words. "It's OK. I'm OK. What kind of fantasies?"
"Sexual fantasies. Some are common, maybe some aren't. Do you want to hear more?"
I hoped the shadows kept her from reading my expression the same way it kept me from reading hers, but it probably didn't make a difference. I sat up on the edge of the seat, and that had to give me away. "Sure. I'm listening. Is that something you talk about very often?"
She tucked her hair behind her right ear. "Never before, but for some reason I want to now." She let thunder pass before she went on. "Have you ever had a girlfriend you couldn't get out of your head after you broke up?"
I suppose she could see me nod in the dark. "Her name was Michelle. I called her Mikki."
"For me, it was Gary. He was better in bed than out of it, but now he's the boyfriend I can't forget. I don't really want to forget him. That's why he has a place in my house.
"My house is crowded. There are people in the living room, people in the dining room, and people in the kitchen. It's my party, and everyone I know is invited. I don't expect Gary to be there—I haven't seen him in months—but there he is, standing inside the door like he just got there.
"Gary calls my name as soon as he sees me. He pushes through the crowd with a huge smile on his face, and he wraps me in his arms. He should smile, because he knows he's getting into my pants.
"My guests disappear, and I don't even notice. I don't really care. We're alone with each other, sitting on the sofa and touching. His breath tickles when he whispers in my ear. It makes me laugh and duck my jaw against my shoulder. His lips brush my cheek and then my lips, and I have goose bumps on my arms. I inhale his scent, and I love the way he smells.
"He cups one hand behind my neck, and I tip my mouth up for him to kiss me. His lips close over mine, and his tongue is in my mouth. First it was his scent, and now it's the way his mouth tastes. I love the way he tastes.
"Gary holds me and his hand explores my body while his tongue explores my mouth. He's gentle at first. He strokes my arm, and my shoulder, and his hand feels rough when he closes it around my tit. Gary pinches my nipple and pulls it until it's hot and hard, and I push him away with my hand on his bare chest.
"He presses me down on the cushion, and his breath and his lips are on my throat and then on my tit. He sucks first one tit and then the other. His hand caresses my belly and slides down over my hip. I feel so hot. My pussy is already warm and wet, and I don't want my legs together.
"Gary's fingers between my legs send thrills up my spine. I hold his head in my arms and I feed him my tits. His tongue is warm and wet on my nipples and his breath tickles my skin.
"It's all familiar. It's like it was before. His lips move down my belly, and I anticipate what he'll do to me next. He slips to the floor in front of me, and his lips travel over my mound.
"He teases me. He kisses the inside of my thigh then kisses inside the other, and I can't stand it anymore. I love having his face between my legs. It's intimate and exciting, and I can't help but pull his head against me. I think I might smother him.
"Gary has a magic tongue. I don't know what he does with it, but he keeps doing it. He has my clit on fire, and I rock my hips and push against his mouth. The sensations fill my center and overflow through my arms and my legs. It all explodes behind my eyes, and I close my legs around Gary's head while I come.
"I try to catch my breath, and I'm in la-la land when I finally let him go. I'm warm and relaxed while he climbs up between my legs and over me. I reach down between us to find his cock. It's thick and hard, and I stroke it in my hands. I want to feel him inside me like I remember, so I pull him to my pussy and work his cock into me.
"Gary fills me. He's inside me and all around me, and I can't think. Gary watches me and whispers in my ear to tell me I'm so beautiful. He knows how that makes me feel. He holds me tight, and we writhe together. I taste the sweat on his shoulders and feel his skin slip under my hands.
"He's so excited. He is so exciting. My mouth falls open and all I can see are the fireworks that go off in my head. My whole body tightens around him, and I arch my back and clutch at has arms. He groans in my ear, and he bellows into the cushions while he empties into me. It's good when we come together."
She sat upright on the seat in front of me with her legs tightly crossed, and she rocked her hips. "Tell me about Mikki. Is she like that for you?"
I wasn't real comfortable, but I watched her in the dark and realized that I could tell her anything and it really wouldn't matter. I decided to tell her the truth.
"She was like Gary, I guess—better in bed than out of bed. When I dream about her, it usually starts with her sucking my cock. She was good at, so it usually ends with her sucking my cock.
"They're short little fantasies."
She laughed, and now there seemed to be some humor in her voice. "Sometimes those are the best." She stopped rocking and set both feet on the floor, and then found something in her jacket pocket and used it to tie her hair back. "I don't suppose you have a thing for Dugan, do you?"
The way I recoiled made her laugh again. "I'd have bet you didn't, but my boss has a room in my house. I'd neverreallywant to have sex with him, but he still has a place there."
"Darrell—one of our junior partners—hired me. He's my supervisor and my mentor. He rests his hands on my hips, and talks with his lips by my ear. 'Be in my office at three o'clock for your semi-annual performance review.' That alone makes me shiver.
"In my dream house, our semi-annual performance review comes whenever I want it. I have a little time to get ready, so when I wait for my evaluation, my makeup is fresh and my bra is gone—just the way Darrell likes it—and I have something special for him.
"He leans back in his chair and studies me across his desk while I sit with my back straight, my legs together, and my hands in my lap. 'We're delighted with your performance,' he says, and his eyes trace around my tits.
"That's what I always want to hear. 'Is there more I can do for you?' I ask, because I always want to make Darrell happy. He gets out of his chair and walks around his desk. He stops in front of me, but then his telephone rings. Darrell leans back against the desk while he talks.
"I already know what will make him happy, so I don't wait. I slip off the chair and kneel in front of him while he tells someone on the phone, 'I can't come now. I'm in a performance review.'
"Darrell's package gets almost all my attention. I reserve a little so I can listen to him talk. 'Maybe an hour,' he says. 'Yes, she's one of our best.' I know he's talking about me.
"I open his belt, slide his zipper down, and reach into his boxers. His cock is still mostly soft, but it's already a mouthful. He laughs into the phone, 'You know me, I hire smart girls. They give better head.'
"My hair is tied back with a snap-on cock strap. I take it off and shake my hair out. It's leather with a row of metal snaps all around it. I tuck it under his balls, snap it over the top of his cock, and he's suddenly done with his phone call. I can always get his attention when I really want it.
"I kiss Darrell's cock, and slip my tongue around it. His taste and his scent are familiar, and he gets hard in my cock strap. I close my lips around his shaft with its head on my tongue, and I touch his balls with my fingertips. The cock strap strains to hold him. I like that. it's what he's trained for.
"There isn't much more I need to do. Darrell puts his hands on my head and holds me while he fucks my mouth. He's slow and gentle, and his cock slides over my tongue to the back of my throat. I gag a little, and he knows where to stop—but it's not like herememberswhere to stop.
"Darrell gets excited, and I brace my arms against he hips. He stops again the second time he gags me. He's still in my mouth. I can hear his breath and feel the tension in his body. I think he's about to unload down my throat, but instead, he knots his fingers in my hair and pulls my head back.
"He lifts me onto his desk before I know what's happening. Things go scattering: his nameplate, his 'Engineer of the Year' plaque, pens and papers. He shoves his hands up under my sweater and wraps them around my tits.
"His jaw is rough with stubble when he pushes his tongue between my lips. He kisses my mouth and my throat, and he stops only to pull my sweater over my head. I wrap my legs around his hips, and he lays me down to suck me. His cock stands up between us; his evaluation of my tits is highly favorable.
"My nipples are hard when we untangle again, and they gleam under a coat of Darrell's spit. He tugs at my slacks, then pulls my pants and my panties off. His fingers trace along the inside of my thigh and find my pussy. I'm already wet, but I'm never quite ready for him.
"Darrell pushes his arms under my legs, pulls me to the edge of the desk, and rubs the head of his cock against my pussy. He feels so big when he pushes into me that I catch my breath, but I don't know if it's from pain or pleasure. I just know that I want him in me, and then I'm filled with him.
"He kisses my ears and my throat, and he fucks me. His muscles are tense, and he gasps and grunts in my ear. I lift my feet over his back, and his big body undulates between my thighs. All that powerful man is inside me and all around me.
"The sensations rush through my body and a curl my toes. I can't catch my breath. Maybe my pain is as exciting as my pleasure. I clench my teeth and arch my back. My pussy tightens around his big cock, and for that moment my orgasm washes every thought from my head.
"Darrell slams into me when he can't hold back, and then he stops. He slams in again, and again. He growls at the ceiling, and his cream gushes into me. It can feel it, wet and warm, seep around his cock and coat my pussy.
"I'm dazed after he's done with me, but he's where I want him. He's spent when he stands back to let me sit up, and I unsnap the strap from around his cock and balls. It's wet with his cum and my juice, but I gather my hair and use the strap to tie it back.
"I stroke his softening cock and tell him, 'You know, that memo you want tomorrow might be a little late.' That's OK though. It's always OK."
"But that's all just my fantasy. Darrell is really Mr. Boreland to me. He barely knows my name, but I still have a room for him in my dream house. I go there when I'm frustrated, and I want control."
She cocked her head to look at me. "You must have liked my story." Without even thinking about it, I was rubbing my hard-on through my coverall. I could see her smile even in the dark. She slipped off her seat and knelt in front of me. "Let me see it."
That seemed like an odd thing to ask for. If the light had been better, then she could have seen how embarrassed I was, but a moment later I realized that I wanted her to see my hard-on. I unzipped my coverall and laid it open to get to the shorts and tee-shirt under it. I opened the button on the shorts and unzipped them, and it took a second for me to free my cock from my briefs. It ached when it stood up in front of her.
The atrium was too dark for her to see much detail, but she wrapped her hands around my shaft and stroked her thumb over its smooth head. "I don't need to see it to tell that you have a nice cock. Are you one of those guys that likes to send dick-pics to girls?"
I wanted to touch her hair. I wanted to inhale her scent, but her question stopped me. "That's not my style. Why'd you ask?"
"Well, you didn't need much encouragement to get it out, did you? Besides, ifIwere a guy with a nice dick like yours, I'd probably send pictures to all the girls I know. I like to show-off a little."
I touched her hair and inhaled her scent. "You asked to see it, so I showed it to you."
She stroked me with one hand, and reached her other hand between my legs to tickle my balls with her finger tips before she looked up at me. "I have a room in my house where I show off. It's a conference room that I built when I was rehearsing a presentation. My imagination ran away with me.
"I wear a dark blue suit and sensible shoes, and there's a computer set up at the end of the conference table. I take my place beside the screen with my laser pointer ready while the men take their seats. None of them really wants to hear my presentation on NPDES permitting requirements. Their eyes aren't on the screen, they're on my body—on my legs, on my tits, on my butt—and I want them to look.
"The laser pointer goes back in my pocket. I step onto a chair and then onto the table, and I stand with them seated all around me. All their eyes are on my legs. I turn so they can all get a good look. I have nice legs, even in sensible shoes.
"My introduction goes well. They watch me walk down one side of the table, and back on the other side, and they all look up that tight little skirt as I walk by—up my thighs to the flash of white satin between my legs. It's damp white satin; my clit tingles and my pussy's warm.
"There's a syncopated rhythm going through my head while I take my suit jacket off and drop it on the computer. The introduction is over and it's time for the body of my presentation. I walk with a sway in my hips back to the telephone in the middle of the table, and I unbutton my shirt as I go. I stand with the phone between my feet, pull my shirt open and turn around for them to all see the way my tits bulge over my lacy little bra.
"I drop my shirt on the phone, and the men are quiet except for the sound of their breath, the clink of their belt buckles, and the rustle of their pants while they pull their cocks out. They're already hard, and they stroke themselves while they watch me unhook the front of my bra and drop it with my shirt."
I stopped her hand on my cock and when she looked up I grinned in the dark. "I let you see my cock when you asked for it. I want to see your tits."
She laughed and started stroking me again, but a little slower. "Maybe I owe you that, but let's finish this first and talk about that later. They aren't big tits, but I bet you'll like them."
I nodded, and she started her story again. "I cup my tits in my hands to lift them, and I tug my nipples between my thumb and my forefinger. My nipples tingle with excitement, and they stand up to tell all those men, 'look at me!' The men lick their lips and imagine how I'd taste and feel.
"I kick that damned phone off the table with my sensible shoes. I unbutton my tight skirt, unzip it, and push it down over my hips until it falls around my ankles, and then my skirt follows the phone off the table.
"The men's eyes follow my hand from my tit, down my belly, and between my legs. It's like their eyes caress my skin. My clit is hard, and my touch sends a rush through my body that makes me toss my head back. My panties are wet. Even the gusset of my pantyhose is wet.
"I don't need sensible shoes anymore, so I kick them off. I push my pantyhose and my panties down to my ankles, and I pull my feet free. I'm naked when I lie back in the middle of the table, and the men lean over me all around. I can feel their breath on my face. It brushes my tits and my thighs.
"They have to watch my presentation, and it isn't question-and-answer time yet. I have my clit under my fingers, and my other hand is deep between my legs. I need to masturbate for them. They all watch, and they pump their cocks.
"I open myself with my fingers. They're wet and slick, so I sniff them and taste them. I'm musky. I taste good. They'd like to taste them too, but they can't. All they can do is inhale my scent and jack off while they watch my presentation.
"I have two fingers on my clit, and three in me when the thrills make my body go tense. My toes curl and my back arches off the table. I have to stop for a second because it's too soon to give them more. They catch their breath. I hear their hands at work. They want my summary and conclusion.
"After that, I'm too excited to stop. My body moves with a plan of its own. I kick my heels on the table, and throw my knees apart. My fingers work over my clit and in my vagina; my movements rhythmically repeat, faster all the time. My toes curl again and only my heels and my shoulders touch the table.
"I'm going to come, and I want them to watch me. I twist and turn while I climax. My juice seeps around my fingers, and every spasm forces animal noises from my throat. I writhe in the middle of the table, and fountains of semen erupt around me.
"They like my talk. They want to extend my contract." She looked back down at my cock when she was done. "Are you going to give me a fountain, too?"
"Any second now." My cock felt huge. I was so sensitive that every touch pushed me closer to coming.
She was still pumping my shaft when she bent down and took it in her mouth. She took just the head at first, and I could feel her tongue explore me. My cock twisted between her lips when she tilted her head, and I had to moan. It slipped over her tongue to the back of her mouth, and then out again.
My shaft was wet from her spit and it glistened in the dim light. She took me to the back of her mouth again and started bobbing over my lap. My cock burned, and I felt like my balls were going to explode.
I caught my breath, and bucked my hips when I came for her. Each gush forced a grunt from my open mouth, and my voice echoed in the quiet atrium when my body finally relaxed.
She swallowed my cream and sat back. I watched her wipe me off her lips then take her bottle of water off the table and settle into the soft chair across from me. I wasn't sure what I should think or say. "Why did you do that?" was all I came up with.
"I thought you'd like it. Didn't you like it?" She rinsed her mouth with water from the bottle and set it back on the table.
"Of course I liked it, but the only girls who've ever done things because I'd like it were my girlfriends, and they had agendas. You're not my girlfriend. I don't even know your name." I had to tug my shorts up just to stand and take two awkward steps toward her.
"So, what if I have time on my hands, and no agenda?" She watched me crouch in front of her, and did nothing to stop me while I ran my hands up her nylon-covered thighs.
"If you're right, and smart girls give better head, then you're too smart tonothave an agenda." I waited while she laughed. "You know, I wasn't kidding before. I'd really love to see your tits."
She didn't say a thing. Her expression was hidden in shadows, but she didn't hesitate. She opened her suit jacket and her shirt then she unhooked her bra and pulled the cups away from her tits.
Even in that dim light, I could see her nipples standing up from her round breasts. I reached to touch her then drew my hands back. "You're right; you have really nice tits. I want to touch them."
"Touch them. They like attention." I reached to cup them in my hands, and she wrapped her hands around mine.
Her voice in the dark sounded faint. "I won't admit to an agenda now, but I've had them before. I was a Junior when I met Rob and Natalie. They were a little older and married, very much into each other, and very much into sex. I wanted them to share me. We never did have sex, but now they have a whole apartment in my dream house.
"They invite me to dinner and I offer to bring dessert. I show up in shorts and a thin little top that drapes over my tits. My hands are empty but I didn't forget anything.I'mtheir dessert. That's my agenda, and they know it.
"The wine we have with dinner goes to my head, so I giggle like a girl when Natalie pulls me up the stairs to their bed. She pushes me onto the mattress and sits down close by me. I don't know what to do, so she does it for me.
"Natalie leans so close that I inhale the wine on her breath. I want her to kiss me, but she doesn't. She lingers with her lips near mine, and her hand slips up my bare thigh, over my hip, and under that thin little top.
"My breath catches when she touches my breast and her fingers tickle my nipple. Her fingertips are soft, but her nails aren't. She smiles, and brushes my lips with hers. 'Rob and I both like your boobs.'
"I unbutton Natalie's shirt and push my hand into the warmth underneath. She has sensitive little tits—I can tell by the way her breath warms my cheek when I touch her. I taste her lips, and when she offers me her tongue, I taste it too. Her body is soft, and I want my naked skin against her naked skin.
"Natalie's jeans and panties are the last bits of clothing to hit the floor, and she pins me to the sheet with her mouth over mine. I'm so excited I can hardly breathe. She holds my tits in her hands, and grinds her thigh between my legs.
"I think I'm about to come when Natalie stops and looks up. Rob watches us from beside the bed with a big smile on his face, and he strokes his cock. 'How's dessert?'"
"Natalie separates us so Rob can see my naked body, and she tells him, 'She's hot and delicious, but I want some topping.' I don't know what she means until Rob kneels on the bed next to me, and Natalie wraps her fingers around his hard-on. She sucks his cock and strokes him until Rob tips his head back and groans at the ceiling, and Natalie shoots his cum onto my tits and across my belly.
"Rob kisses my face and his tongue explores my mouth while Natalie licks his cum off my nipples. She sucks his cum off my belly, and then her tongue explores between my spread legs.
I stroke Rob's chest and move my hand down over his hard abs to find his cock, and I hold it while instinct makes me rock my clit against his wife's soft tongue and lips. We all move together to that rhythm that Natalie starts in my pelvis.
"My mouth falls open, and I turn my head away from Rob. I breathe in gasps and moans, and then I don't breathe at all. I'm blinded by my orgasm. The sensations erupt from under Natalie's tongue, and every muscle in my body contracts. I grip Rob's hardened shaft, and I buck and writhe.
"Natalie kisses my thighs and then my belly and my tits. I wrap her in my legs while Rob kisses the taste of dessert off her face. He leans over us both, and his hand strokes over my butt and between my legs. He opens my vagina with his fingers, and I move to make myself easy for him.
"Rob pushes the head of his cock into me, and I grip his wife against my chest. He pushes again, and his shaft slides deep into my body. Natalie laughs at the charge her husband's penetration sends through my body, and his hips settle against my butt.
"Rob is careful at first; he fucks me slowly, but I'm too excited to want 'slow' for very long, and then things change. Natalie's tongue is in my mouth and her sensitive tits are in my hands. I'm engulfed in their presence—in their bodies. Rob plunges that thick cock into me the way I want it—hard and fast. I bang my head back against his chest, and I groan into his wife's ear.
"I'm suddenly afraid that I'll hurt Natalie, but she kisses my ears, and she kisses my face, and I can't think. I can't hold her between my legs. My toes curl and my fingers curl, and my climax overwhelms me. I'm blind and I'm dumb. For that moment they are my whole world, and I'm safe in their arms.
"In my head, Natalie is a sweet and giving lover. I think she's why Rob and Natalie are my most consistent fantasy. They make me come all the time, and sometimes more than once."
She'd slipped her hands down my arms, and now they pressed on the nylon between her legs. She touched herself, and her body moved to its own rhythm. I bent over her and kissed her tits, and sucked each of them into my mouth. Her nipples were hard, and I sent a thrill through her when I tugged on them with my lips.
I kissed the soft curves of her breasts, and then her belly before she took her hands from between her legs and pushed my head down. I shoved her skirt up around her waist and pulled her panties and pantyhose to her ankles.
My mouth watered for a taste of her. I held her legs apart, pushed my tongue into her vagina, and lapped up her warm juice. Her feminine taste and scent were exciting, but it was really the intimacy that made my cock so hard that it ached. She moaned when my lips touched her, and I grunted like an animal while I ate her.
Her clit was already full and hard when I closed my mouth over it, and a jolt went through her body like an electric shock. She put her hands on my head and held my mouth there. I could hardly breath, and she panted and moaned.
I slipped my tongue along the deep creases beside her bud and swirled it over her hood, and I repeated that in a rhythm that made her writhe and moan. She closed her thighs around my head, and rocked her clit against my mouth.
She groaned and twisted in my grip when she climaxed, and I tried to imagine the fireworks going off behind her eyes. It wasn't until her spasms passed that she relaxed, released my head, and let me catch my breath.
At first, I didn't want to move from the warmth between her legs. I laid my head against her thigh and held my cock in hand while her chest heaved. Her mind seemed far away until I pushed her legs apart and climbed over her. I meant to sooth my aching cock inside her.
She reached down to touch my hard-on, and I thought she would guide me into her, but she pushed me back and tipped her lips up under my jaw. "Wait for it."
The fireworks that went off behind my eyes were all red. "What do you mean? Do you need protection? I don't have a condom."
Her touch was calm and gentle; she touched my face, and she touched my chest. "You don't need a condom. I want something you haven't given me yet, and I bet you have it, so wait."
"You think I'm holding out on you?" I sat down next to her and asked "What do I have that you want?" She didn't answer. Instead, she leaned against me and pulled her feet up on the seat. "You aren't going to tell me, are you?"
"Not exactly." One of her sensible shoes hit to the floor. "Maybe I'm not sure what it is." Her other shoe fell to the floor, and she pulled her panties and pantyhose off from around her ankles. I took the wad of nylon and satin, inhaled her scent from the fabric, and dropped it in my lap.
She watched and relaxed against me, so I lifted my arm around her. I bent to kiss her mouth, but she stopped me. "Men have tried to force themselves on me before. When I was a girl, it was an old man. When I was a freshman, it was a senior. The last was a manager at a plant where we were building an expansion.
"I've always been able to get away from them, but there's one in my dream house who won't let me go." I thought she might tell me what she wanted, so I didn't stop her.
"I meet him at a party, and he follows me when I leave. I'm walking alone—it isn't far. I hear footsteps behind me. They get closer and my heart pounds. There's an alley on the way that I know well, so I duck into it and hide in the dark before he comes around the corner.
"His footsteps slow down and I can see him like a shadow by the moonlight as he walks by. I'm afraid he can hear my heartbeat. He looks for me in nooks and crannies as he goes, and the sounds he makes fade away.
"I hurry to the street, and I don't look back until I reach the lane to my house. Then I find I'm not alone. There, under the street lights, a gray figure follows me. I run up the lane and lock the door behind me. I'm safe in my own house.
"There's music on my phone and a book by my bed. I shower and put on my flannels, and he waits for me when I'm done. He grabs at my arm, but I scream and pull away. I run barefoot through dark stairways and hallways with him behind me. He's always there, but he's never close enough to catch me until I collide with a door I can't open.
"I run into an old bedroom, and he corners me there. He has my arm, he has my hair, and he pulls me against him. I smell his lust. It's in his breath on my neck and in the strength of his grip. How could he need me so much that he'd take such a risk to have me? To have me, when he could have someone else?
"He throws me on the bed like some doll, and I land in a pile of plush animals. There are band posters and movie posters on the wall above me, and ruffled shades on the lamps. I know this room—it was my room once.
"I can hardly breathe because he holds me down with his hand on my throat. I'll not fight him now. He rips my shirt open and squeezes my tit. He pulls my pants off and tosses them away. I'm already wet when he forces his fingers into me. I'm excited, and I don't know why.
"He pushes my thighs apart and looms over me. His breath stinks and he grunts like a wild animal. He forces his cock into me and I arch my back and clench my teeth. I clutch at his arms, and he pounds me into the mattress.
"I'm going to come. He holds my legs spread wide and my pussy sucks at his cock while he fucks me. He wants me and only me, and I'm going to come for him. My mouth flies open, my eyes slam shut, and I groan at the ceiling while the sensations explode in my mind and spasms pulse through my muscles.
"And it's over—he's gone. I curl up in the middle of my old stuffed toys, and Johnny Depp watches from the wall while I cry. I don't know how I can do that."
She laid her head back on my arm and watched through the skylights as the quarter moon broke through clouds. I searched her face and asked, "Is your dream house safe with him there?"
"Like everyone else in my dream house, he's only there when I want him. But when I want him, it's always like that. He makes me come, and I never know why."
I shoved the wad of panties and nylons off my lap and onto the seat, and in one motion I pushed my hand inside her shirt and leaned over to kiss her mouth. She was soft and warm in my arms, and her mouth welcomed my tongue, but then her body tensed. She turned her head and pushed my hand away. "It's not time for this."
"When is it time for this? I've been aching-hard since Rob and Natalie, and I've been stroking with your panties since you gave them to me. I think it's time."
The moonlight let me watch her eyes while she studied my face, and then she sat up on the edge of the seat and started to hook her bra. "Give me my panties. I'm going to get dressed."
Nothing she said made sense until I realized that she wanted to be my victim. That was both her agenda and the reason she couldn't tell me her agenda. "It's not time for that." I wrapped my hand around her pony tail, and she squawked when I pulled her back into the seat. I opened her bra again and covered her mouth with mine. She turned her head away and gasped a garbled protest, but when I had her tits in hand again I found her nipples already hard.
I kissed her face and I kissed her throat, and I slid my hand up between her legs. What I found made me laugh in her ear. "Could you be more turned on?" She tried to twist away from me, but that just made us both slide to our knees on the floor. I held her back against my chest with my hand on one tit and bent her over the seat. The scent that rose from her neck reeked of excitement.
She tried to push my hand off her tit. "I'll scream. Someone will hear me."
"We can't let that happen, can we?" I felt around on the seat for her panties, and then I wadded them in my hand. I used her pony tail to pull her head back and shoved her panties into her mouth.
She stopped struggling when I covered her mouth with my hand and held her head against my shoulder. I reached between her legs, wet my fingers in her, and she moaned through her panties while I swirled my fingertips over her clit.
I stopped to take my cock in hand, worked it down past her ass, and pushed its smooth head into her. She caught her breath and a thrill went through her, and I pushed into her again. My cock slipped in slowly and smoothly, and I didn't stop until its whole length throbbed inside her.
She closed her eyes tight when I pulled her hard against my chest. "I'm going to take what I need, and you're going to get what you want. That's the way it's going to work, isn't it?" She nodded her head, and I could feel the excitement building in her body.
Her body rocked with mine while I fucked her, and the sensations drove our rhythm faster. I gripped her tits, and I pounded against her ass. I knew she was going to come when her muscles tightened and her fingers curled into claws, then she writhed in my hold and groaned through my fingers while her spasms tightened around my cock.
She was gasping for breath after her climax passed, so I pulled her panties out of her mouth, and I tossed them on the seat. I slipped one hand over her butt and around her hip, and she moved under my touch. Her body was relaxed and her skin was soft and smooth.
She groaned when I pushed her legs apart, and she settled farther onto my cock. "What are you doing to me?"
I grasped her pony tail and turned her head to look at her face."I'm taking what I need." I thrust into her then trapped her wrists over her head and thrust again. She closed her eyes and clawed at the seat. She hadn't come down from her first climax, and she was climbing again.
Her scent was sweaty and excited; her skin was slick and salty. The sensations from my cock pumping inside her took my breath away. I felt her climax grip her body, and her gasps resonated in the open atrium. She came for me again, and she may have come a third time, I don't know because I was coming, too.
I stopped balls-deep inside her and clenched my teeth while my essence gushed through my shaft. It erupted inside her, and I slammed into her until I couldn't come anymore. I collapsed onto her back when I was empty and tried to catch my breath, then I pushed away from her and sat down on the carpet.
She stayed for a moment where I left her, with our thick juice seeping down her thigh, then she sat down beside me. I didn't know how she'd react or what she thought of me until she curled against my side. I put my arm around her, inhaled the scent of her hair, and asked, "So you don't hate me?"
Her breath trembled when she inhaled. "I don't hate you." She slipped her hand into my coveralls and wrapped it around my softening cock. "I got what I wanted."
The lights in the atrium flickered for a second, and then we were engulfed in darkness again. Her fingers were wet when she let my cock slip and drew her hand back. She sniffed her fingers, wiped them on my coveralls, and she smiled when she found me watching. "I think you got what you needed, too."
She pushed back and I climbed to my knees to pull my shorts back up. "I'd love to do that again some day, but coming here is the only way I know how to reach you. I don't even know your name."
"And I don't know yours. Let's keep it that way." She hooked her bra and started buttoning her shirt. "I already have a new room in my dream house just for you. We don't need to mess things up by putting a name on it."
She picked her panties off the seat and dangled them from her finger tips. "These are too wet for me to wear. I'll go commando. Do you want them?"
The lights flickered again, but this time they stayed on. I was blinded for a moment before I took her panties. "I don't need a trophy and I won't wear them, but I might think of something to do with them."
"I don't care what you do with them, as long as you think about me while you do it." She stood up, brushed her skirt down and stepped into her shoes. "I'm going to clean up and go home. Boreland's memo is going to be a little late, but he and I can talk about that at our next semi-annual evaluation. How about you?"
I zipped my coveralls and sat down in front of her. "I'm going to stock the restrooms, leave, and never come back. I have a programming project to finish, but it isn't going to happen tonight because I can't think about it right now. I'll set my alarm early and do it tomorrow."
"Sweet dreams," she said. She took her pantyhose from where I left them on the seat and turned away. Her pony tail bobbed as she walked away, her pantyhose swung from her fingers, and every step of those sensible shoes drove another nail for my brand-new dream house.