Linda and I had won a night at a local Holiday Inn; you know one of the "put your business card in a bowl" contests. We really had no desire to travel about 12 miles away to spend a night, but the motel had a good restaurant next door, and their lounge sometimes had a good band, so we decided what the hell?
If you have read any of my other stories you know that I seldom miss any opportunities to do a little exposing of my wife, and she being a true exhibitionist loved any opportunity to show a "little something." A quick description of her; 5'7" 130 lbs., 38-26-38, C/D cups long brunette hair, face and body that all my friends go nuts over.
We had decided to pretend that the place was across the country and make a romantic night of it.
We checked in early and planned to spend the day drinking and laying by the pool. She usually packs two swim suits, one that covers enough to be worn if there are kids around the pool, just revealing enough to piss off wives of the men who can't take their eyes off her. The other is a very small white string bikini that is just big enough to be legal. She has to be very careful when she walks, her breasts tended to just bounce free if she doesn't keep pushing them back in. It is cut low in front and back, actually little more than two little triangles. It hardly covers her neatly trimmed pubes in front and about half of her ass crack was visible in the back.
Luckily after doing a fast check of the pool area, it seemed that all that was there were business types sitting around drinking and telling stories. We went to the room and she quickly changed into the string bikini. She threw a white fishnet cover up over it to walk from our room to the pool.
As we entered the pool area, I could see every eye check her out. She loved the attention. She made a big production of getting her lounge chair in just the right position, doing a lot of binding over, showing her barely covered ass. From the front, it looked almost like she had no top on at all the way her breasts swayed and hung down. When she took off the cover up, I heard one guy say, "Oh my God, I think I died and went to heaven." She just smiled.
Before getting too settled I went to the bar, they had a little walk up window so you didn't have to go inside, and got us a couple of drinks.
Shortly after we got settled, two younger men, I call them young lions, came up to us and started a conversation, you know, just being neighborly. Even though they talked to both of us, their eyes never left Linda's breasts. Most of the time there was a hint of areola. She would let the top slip to just about let a nipple slip out then tug the fabric back in place. It wasn't long before they offered to buy us drinks, they didn't want us to leave or ask them to leave either. I just sat back and watched her play her game while I enjoyed the alcohol.
As the afternoon progressed, the sun baked on the concrete pool deck and temperature went up to where Linda had a sheen of sweat on her body. An occasional drop of sweat would drip between her ample cleavages; our young lions missed none of this. She finally told us that she had to cool off by taking a swim in the pool. She got up by swinging her legs over each side of the chair and doing so opened her crotch that was barely covered by the fabric of the swimsuit bottom. There was about 1 inch of fabric to cover 3 inches of crotch. There was a good show of hair and skin just up to her pussy lips. That and as she leaned forward, her breasts swung out and separated so the view was as if she had only pasties covering her nipples.
She grabbed my hand and told me to come in with her; every eye there noted our walk to the pool. She made a production of entering the water by way of the steps, easing her body in slowly and splashing water on her breasts.
When in the water, she dove under the surface and swam the length of the pool underwater, I waited until she surfaced and did the same. As I approached her underwater, I noticed that both cups of her top had slid to the side exposing both breasts completely. When I reached her I came to the surface slowly and cupped her gently in both hands. She smiled and asked if I liked what saw. I told her I did and that the view from underwater was especially beautiful, but she had better watch or she would be showing to a lot of others. She grabbed my hardening cock and asked if I really minded if some one saw them. I told her she knew the answer to that, and I pushed the suit even further off her breasts as I swam away. She went under again and leisurely swam beside me keeping her front pointed away from the others in the pool. We played for a while, Linda making no effort to cover her breasts, which were obvious to anyone who might have cared to look. Finally we stopped and stood in water that was up to Linda's chin, facing each other, I held her hands as we kissed.
Suddenly, our two young "friends" jumped into the pool and quickly swam to us, remarking how refreshing the water felt after the hot pool deck. They quickly spotted Linda's bare breasts and hard nipples in the cool water. Close up, the view was unobstructed. When they realized that I wasn't gong to say anything and Linda made no effort to cover herself, they moved in even closer, to the point that one was touching her shoulder on either side. The movement of the water made Linda's full breasts float and move as she bounced to stay in place in the deep water.
One of the guys even swam to the other side of the pool just to dive under and surface beside Linda. It couldn't be more obvious that he was checking out her tits under water. Soon there were 5 or so guys swimming around checking out the show.
One of them found a dive ring on the bottom of the pool and tossed it in our direction so he could dive and look every time he retrieved the ring. We played along with his game; Linda would even dive to get it occasionally. Usually when this happened, someone would dive under water to watch her get it.
To make the game a little more challenging, they started to play take away, that involved one person trying to keep the ring while the others tried to pull it out of their hand. Linda seeing the trap, tried to avoid getting the ring, but everyone kept tossing it to her. When she had the ring, everyone grabbed for it and half the time they would "accidentally" touch her breasts. There were even a couple of times a hand yanked her bottom down far enough to see a good portion of her pubic hair.
After a couple of them got their fingers caught in her top, nearly ripping it off her, she called a time out and told them they were getting a little carried away. She was ready to get out of the pool anyway. She hadn't counted on being stripped in the pool.
When she got out, she noticed that she was still the only woman there.
She said that she had to adjust the strings of her top after it being yanked nearly off her, so she put the net cover-up on and slipped the top off completely. Now the cover-up was more net than cover and upon second look, showed her complete breast, nipple and all. This was not lost on our young friends who showed up only moments later with drinks, of course.
Linda was essentially there topless sitting up with her legs spread on either side of her chair working on the string of her tiny top.
I might as well not have been there as far as the conversation went. In order to talk to me, they would have to take their eyes off of Linda's tits and crotch.
When she had sufficiently fixed her top, she merely slipped off the wrap and sat there topless while she tied the back tie in front of her then slid the cups to the front and pulled them over her nipples.
Now, this might not seem like much, but this was happening in central Indiana by the pool at a Holiday Inn in front of about ten business types, half young lions. You would have thought that none had ever seen a woman's breasts before. Linda definitely has a choice set, and to the enjoyment of those around us, she wasn't shy about showing them off.
After spending another hour and 3 more rounds of drinks, we decided that we had better head back to the room and get ready for dinner.
Ever a tease, Linda told the two original young men that maybe if we saw them later in the bar, she would give them a dance. As she rose to leave, she let one of her breasts slide out of the top. Completely ignoring her fully exposed nipple, she walked over to both of them and kissed them lightly on the cheek, thanking them for the drinks. After the kiss she looked down at her exposed breast, and shook her head and told them that she might as well be topless when she wore that suit.
Walking back to the room, she made no move to cover herself.
Back in the room, we stripped and showered together, lathering each other over and over. Linda went to her knees and took my fully erect penis in her mouth while she cupped my balls massaging them gently. She kept this up until I was on the verge of shooting in her mouth. Not really wanting to, I pulled her to standing and then lowered myself to give her some oral pleasures. I bent her over and from the rear, licked her ass, paying special attention to her puckered asshole. I reached between her legs and opened her nether lips and found her clit swollen and erect. Sliding my middle finger deep into her I pinched her clit gently between my thumb and forefinger. With my tongue probing her anus, and my hands working her pussy, Linda quickly felt the waves of an orgasm washing over her. Her knees nearly buckled, and she would have fallen had I not supported her.
Out of the shower, wet, we threw towels on the bed and I mounted her as she laid spread eagle. Her pussy was wet with her internal lubricant and though she was tight, I slid into her easily. Without uncoupling, we rolled over and she rode my cock meeting my pelvic thrusts by rising up nearly off me then slamming down impaling herself on my engorged member. We didn't last long; the afternoon's exhibition play had sexually excited both of us. As I felt my cock swell, I felt Linda go into her second orgasm, this one stronger than the first. Her contractions literally milked the semen out of my penis. As the waves subsided, Linda slid off me and took my still sensitive cocking her mouth and sucked the combined juices off my cock and balls. She finished and crawled up and kissed me deeply as we exchanged fluids between our mouths.
We then snuggled together for a short nap.
When we awoke, we were both hungry so we dressed and headed to the restaurant. Linda dressed in a sheer cream-colored button front silk blouse, one that really was made to have something worn under it. Feeling frisky, she wore nothing under the blouse. The appearance was pretty much like she was completely topless, because her breasts were completely visible. She chose a full soft skirt that if she stood in front of a bright light, you could see a good outline of her body beneath it. It clung to her hips and ass, showing that she was in very good shape. She chose not to wear any panties. Although it fell to below her knees, the material was lightweight and any fast movement or slight breeze lifted the hem to give quick views of her upper legs and thighs. She put a light jacket over her blouse to cover herself and to keep from being arrested for exposure. The good thing was it took merely unbuttoning one button and opening the front a bit and her breasts were exposed. If she leaned forward, there was a side view of her hanging tits.
We walked the block to the restaurant and the evening breeze whipped her skirt up a couple of times, giving the passing traffic a quick flash. Blowing horns indicated appreciation.
We asked for and were seated at a booth a bit out of the traffic area and had a young college age man as our server. He introduced himself as Kevin.
Linda had quickly unbuttoned her coat and made sure the front gapped open as she reached for the menu and then leaned towards me to point to things she wanted. The view was not missed by Kevin. It seemed that he was at our table offering his service every few minutes. By half way through the meal, Linda had opened the coat completely, having no pretence about covering up. Poor Kevin tried his best not to be obvious staring at Linda's erect nipples as they tented the sheer soft material. Once when he was done, I admonished her for being such a tease. She just leaned over and kissed me saying that I enjoyed seeing her exposed as much as he did. Of course she was right
After we ordered dessert and coffee, I reached over and unbuttoned her blouse to just even with the middle of her breasts. This allowed our Kevin to look down and fully see not only the full cleavage, but also the nipples that were there for him to view. When he returned, he immediately noticed the change and positioned himself slightly behind her for the best view. Linda had to slightly turn to talk to him and doing so, the movement opened her blouse even more. She engaged him in conversation, asking questions like how long he had been working there (nearly a year) and how old he was (21) if he was in college (yes) and anything else to keep him at our table longer. As she was talking, she played with the next button on her blouse, as if she was nervously fidgeting with it, and when she reached to take a sip of her coffee, the button was left undone. As she leaned forward, the blouse opened completely spilling her breasts out in the open. Linda just looked at Kevin and smiled. The buss boy, another young man about the same age as Kevin, arrived and asked if we would like our table cleared, and when he spied Linda's exposed tits he nearly dropped the dessert plates. He also decided to stick around and talk to us. (I wonder why?)
We talked to the two for maybe five minutes; being a weeknight the restaurant was slow. I hadn't noticed, but Linda had slowly pulled her skirt up above her knees and when she dropped her napkin, she stretched her leg out to try to retrieve it and ended up showing a lot of leg. When she couldn't reach the napkin, she asked Kevin to reach it for her. She had nearly moved it to the center of the table and he had to drop down on his knees and stick his head completely under the table to reach it. Linda scooted back to give him room and opened her legs as he got to his knees, giving him an unobstructed view of her bare pussy. He took longer than need be under the table and Linda made sure that her open legs were always pointed to his face. He ended up with his face only inches from her knees, so close that Linda later told me she could feel his breath on her thighs as he spoke to her. When he stood up, his face was blushed, and there was an obvious bulge in his pants.
As we rose to leave, Linda, still showing her breasts, took his hands and kissed his cheek complimenting him for his attention to us and that we hoped he enjoyed himself as much as we did. Kevin smiled and said that this had been one of his best nights ever.
As we walked back to the motel, Linda couldn't stop talking about how Kevin had openly stared at her breasts, and she was sure that he had moved his head so close to her pussy that she thought for a moment that he was going to lick her pussy. Linda was really getting into exhibiting her body. I told her that we should go to the lounge and check out the band and see if there was anyone there we wanted to show her off to again. She was ready.
When we entered the bar, Linda had pulled the jacket slightly closed but had left the blouse unbuttoned. This gave the illusion of just a very low cut blouse that showed her cleavage and even an occasional peek of a nipple as she walked by. The band was taking a break when we arrived so the lights were turned up so we could see pretty much everyone who was there. They could also get a good view of Linda as she walked in.
Our young friends from the pool were at a table and motioned us over to join them. When we sat down, Linda leaned forward and gave a show of her breasts that left nothing to the imagination.
Getting the chair situated just right, her breasts swung free and her erect nipples nearly touched the glasses that were on the tables. As soon as she got settled, she opened her jacket. About that time the lights went down and the band started their next set. One of the men jumped up and asked Linda if she wanted to dance. She looked to me and I nodded my head and told her we were here to have fun. She quickly went to the dance floor and danced like she was doing the first number of a strip tease. She alternated covering then exposing her firm breasts through the sheer silk material by opening and closing her jacket. Again, she was aware that she was walking the fine line between "indecent" exposure and quick tit flashes. She was uncovered enough that most of the men in the lounge were watching her every move.
After three fast numbers, a slow song started and she pressed her body tightly to his, making sure that her pelvic area was grinding against his hardening cock. He lowered his hand to Linda's ass and discover through the thin material that she wasn't wearing anything under her skirt. He lost no time running his hand up and down the crack of her ass and tried unsuccessfully to rub her pussy through the front of her skirt. When the number ended, Linda guided him back to our table. The temperature in the lounge was very warm and she had drops of sweat between her breasts, so when she sat down, she took a napkin and blotted the sweat dry, this caused both tits to pop out of her unbuttoned blouse, after she was done drying her cleavage, she modestly pulled the sheer material back over her nipples, and said that the show was over and they could start breathing again.
The evening passed quickly with Linda dancing with me, the two friends and twice she accepted a dance from other men who came to our table and asked if she would like to dance with them. To each of us she made sure that her breasts were seen both covered and, for short moments, uncovered. Needless to say we didn't have to buy any drinks ourselves. They were definitely trying to get Linda drunk, and were reasonably successful. They also kept me supplied to be sure that I continued to let them look at her partially exposed body.
When the band ended their evening, we, made our way to our room, discovering that our two young friends were only two doors down and across the hall from us. Walking back to the room, Linda took off her jacket, handing it to me and finished unbuttoning her blouse. Much to the pleasure of the other two men, she started fanning it open saying that she was hot and needed to cool off her "hot titties."
We got to our room first and the two seemed to think that they were going to invite themselves into our room. Linda on the other hand was ready for some hot sex, only with me. I let her make the decision. Giving each a kiss on the mouth and letting them feel her boobs for a few seconds, she excused herself saying that she was too drunk to really enjoy herself with them any further. I admit that she is a tease, but what the hell; if she had wanted to fuck them I would have probably let her and would have taken pictures while she did them.
Entering the room, Linda kicked off her shoes, stripped off her blouse and skirt and laughing, plopped on the bed naked. She said that she really should be embarrassed for her actions, but though she didn't really mind them seeing her tits, and getting a quick feel of her ass, she just didn't feel like fucking either one or both of them. She said they had spent quite a bit on drinks thinking they would get payback and she felt bad sending them back to their rooms just to play with themselves. I told her to not feel too bad that after all, they probably were on an expense account and they got a lot more than they expected when they checked in. They had after all seen her at the pool and in the lounge. She agreed that they had seen pretty much all of her and had felt her over too.
Linda was not as drunk as she had let on and said that she would like to shower, have a drink and unwind before we messed around further, we needn't be in a rush. I suggested that she go get the ice while I got the bottle we always carry with us and get the glasses. She told me not to overwork myself, as she stood to get a robe to cover her nakedness. I told her to not bother with the robe, that the ice machine was only down the hall a short distance. She came back at me and said that I had planned this all along. I gave her a wink and a swat on the butt and pushed her toward the door. Going out the door naked, she remarked about what she had to do for a simple drink.
The hallway was quiet and Linda quickly walked past maybe a dozen doors, including our young friends, to get to the ice machine that was around the corner and past the stairs and elevator. Out of my sight, I could hear the ice falling into the plastic ice bucket. Suddenly the two men we had spent the evening with came out of one of the rooms just two doors down, one carried an ice bucket. They saw me and said hello and asked why I was waiting in the hall. I told them Linda was getting some ice and I was holding the door for her because she had not taken the key with her. About that time Linda rounded the corner, stark naked with nothing but a bucket full of ice. She stopped dead in her tracks and said "Oops!"
They took a good look and said that this was much better than the way she was dressed earlier and proceeded to walk up to her and stop in directly front of her. They both looked at her hard nipples and her neatly trimmed pubic triangle. They asked if she had changed he mind and wanted to party, after all she was dressed for it. Now this was not the first time that Linda had been naked in front of men that she didn't know, so she didn't panic or for that matter, she didn't even try to cover her nakedness. She stood there as if she was completely dressed and told them that she had not changed her mind, and that she was indeed dressed to party with her husband. She again thanked them for the fun evening and hoped that they enjoyed the view. She then walked past them and stopped in front of our room waiting for me to open the door.
We went in the room and Linda quickly had me out of my clothes. She stripped me while telling me that she really got turned on by first walking to the ice machine, and that she didn't realize how far it was from the room. She said that she wasn't sure what she would have done if someone other than the men we had spent the evening with had caught her.
She said that at first when she came around the corner that she had not recognized who was in the hallway. That is why she had said "Oops." When she realized who it was, she said that she was glad it was them, but she wasn't ready to be completely naked in front of them. Showing them her bare breasts was one thing but standing in front of them stark naked was something else. She did admit that having nothing to cover herself with made her pussy tingle with excitement.
I reached between her legs and found her wet with excitement, her pussy lips swollen and clit protruding. I could feel her body shudder when I stuck two fingers up into her. I scooped some fluid from her and brought my fingers to her lips and she gladly sucked the slick wetness from them.
She dropped to her knees and hungrily sucked my entire eight-inch length into her mouth. She deep throated my cock until her nose was in my public hair. I could feel her swallowing motions on the head of my cock. I pulled her to her feet, not wanting to blow my load just yet. We went to the bed and she guided me to my knees with my face on the pillow. With my ass in the air, she moved behind me and started licking my ass and balls. Paying particular attention to my ass hole, she stuck her tongue as deep in my pucker hole as she could force it. I couldn't take much more of this and so I pulled her around and laid her spread eagle on the bed. I buried my face in her drenched pussy, sucking and swallowing the fluids she was producing. She begged me to enter her and to cum deep inside her. It didn't take long before I was shooting my load deep I her pussy.
After we both caught our breath, I pulled my half deflated penis from her sopping pussy and the combined fluids seeped from her gaping hole. She whispered for me to "feed" her so I scooped my cum from her and fed it to her from my fingers. She sucked until I could find no more to give her then she moved to my cock and balls and licked them clean. With a contented smile, she kissed me and then curled up and fell asleep.
We checked out the next morning and as we were loading our bags in the car, we saw the two young men driving out of the parking lot. Linda smiled and waved; they waved back, not looking nearly as satisfied as I felt.