"Hey ladies, sorry I'm a little late," Dale said. "I hope you two found something to do in the meantime," he added, guessing correctly from Kimmie's flushed face and neck that Kelly had shown her some photos and tapped into Kimmie's fantasies. "Are you ready to see the results of all your hard work, Kimmie?" Dale asked as the three of them walked into the studio.
Kimmie started to respond, but thinking about going over her pictures with Dale and Kelly made it a struggle to speak. Kelly jumped in. "I told Kimmie how amazing the shots are, and she's very excited," Kelly said. "Aren't you, sexy?" Kelly asked.
"Yes," Kimmie said quietly. "I'm nervous, but very excited," she added truthfully, gaining some composure. The thought of both Kelly and Dale looking at the photos with Kimmie felt a little scary, but Kimmie knew that deep down she wanted to see how they reacted to the photos, especially the raunchier poses and shots.
"Here we are," Dale said turning into a small conference table with a laptop and a separate large monitor about the size of a 35 inch TV. "I'll put up the photos on this HD monitor. That way, we can see some detail, and I can point out possible edits we can make." Kimmie gulped and she felt goosebumps just thinking about the photos showing on the large monitor.
"Dale is so good at explaining whether edits will work or if he needs to re-take a shot," Kelly assured Kimmie, and her hand guided Kimmie to the middle seat at the conference table. "I made sure Kimmie came prepared to take new photos if necessary," Kelly told Dale.
"Of course you did, Kell, you're the best," Dale said smiling. "Kimmie, let me know what shots you like, or don't," Dale added. "We can re-shoot most any photos you like a lot that isn't perfect," he said reassuringly.
"I think I understand," Kimmie said quietly as she sat down, Dale sat next to her in front of the laptop, and Kelly sat in the chair on the other side of Kelly. Again, Kelly caressed Kimmie's back through her romper and Kimmie smiled at her, very glad that Kelly was there.
"Ready?" Dale asked.
"Yes," Kimmie said nervously.
"This is so exciting, isn't it?" Kelly said, now caressing Kimmie's shoulder. Kimmie, obviously aroused, looked at Kelly, and nodded in agreement.
Dale clicked on the laptop and began to scroll through the first photos, tame test shots of Kimmie, fully-dressed in some flirty poses. Even though Kimmie was bursting in anticipation of what she knew they were about to see, Dale took time to point out some lighting issues and comment on Kimmie's poses and body position. He and Kelly were sure that tension was mounting in Kimmie's body.
The photos moved to a series of shots of Kimmie baring one shoulder, then both, in which it was obvious Kimmie had taken off her bra. In several poses, her nipples poked through her top, and in others Dale's directions had Kimmie posed to feature her fulsome young breasts under her thin outfit. Kimmie immediately recalled the excitement of removing her bra and the thrill she felt when Dale mentioned the possibility of topless photos. Reflecting back on the photo session, Kimmie knew she decided right then that she wanted to pose topless and more. Seeing the photos now stirred up those same feelings of wanting to show off her body.
Dale continued to comment about the technical points of the photos, but Kimmie was focused on how she felt then and how she was feeling now. The next set of photos turned up the temperature. Kimmie was on her knees and then on all fours crawling toward the camera. Again, Kimmie thought back to that evening, remembering Dale adjusting her top and her wondering how much she saw. Now she shuddered as the photos revealing generous portions of her cleavage and the tops of her breasts seemed to fill the room on the large monitor. The room got a little quieter as Dale, Kelly, and Kimmie soaked in the sexy pictures.
The next photos were close ups of Kimmie's face, shot with Kimmie on all fours and Dale standing above her. Then, there were some stunning shots of Kimmie licking her lips that also were close ups of Kimmie's cleavage. "Wow," Kelly said breathlessly, startling Kimmie. "Just beautiful," she added.
"These are some of my favorites too," Dale said, adding something about angle and shadows.
Kimmie looked at Dale. "Really?" she asked, as she felt Kelly's hand softly caress her back.
"Absolutely," Dale said, "you have a near-perfect mouth."
Kimmie moaned, hoping the others did not notice. Dale's comment inevitably evoked memories of the photo shoot and how Dale enjoyed her mouth. Kimmie wondered if he was going to show those photos, and that thought was overpowering. Her body trembled as Kelly rubbed her back more firmly. Kimmie's face felt flush as the familiar desire to be seen and touched rushed over her. She smiled at Dale and turned toward Kelly with a shy smile. Kimmie's mind raced, and she lost track of where they were in the actual photo shoot.
Dale then clicked his mouse and brought up photos of Kimmie crawling away from the camera, the first shots featuring her thighs and backside. As Dale scrolled through the photos, the views changed as he completely circled Kimmie posing and crawling on all fours. Kimmie knew this was when Dale suggested she show her panty and, with her permission, he lifted her skirt to uncover her ass. A few photos featured Kimmie's bare ass cheeks and t-back panty. Then there were about eight wider-framed shots with Kimmie on all fours, looking back seductively at the camera, with her rear and panty-covered pussy on full display.
No one said a word as Dale clicked through the pictures, although they all knew these photos were special. With the last shot of the series on the screen, Dale said softly, "This is where you went to a new level as a model Kimmie." A shiver ran through Kimmie as she recalled being on all fours and Dale giving her instructions. She also felt herself now getting damp between her legs.
"I totally agree," Kelly said quietly, moving her chair closer and lifting the back of Kimmie's romper, making Kimmie lift her rear to let Kelly's hand slip under Kimmie's top and caress her back skin-to-skin. Kimmie's heart and mind raced, and she again lost track of what photos were next, as she was focused on how things ended. Dale clicked to the next photo of Kimmie looking back at the camera. Although her skirt now covered half of her ass, her knees were spread further apart, giving a clearer view of her crotch. Kimmie suddenly remembered Dale adjusting her panty, first by pulling it away from her body, which Kimmie knew allowed him to see her bare ass and crotch, and then smoothing the small triangle covering her pussy.
Just like she was at the original photo sheet, Kimmie was now in a haze, and she looked with glazed eyes at a batch of photos she did not really remember being taken. She saw herself laying on a fluffy rug and then sitting on a bed, always with her with her legs spread just enough to expose her panty under her skirt. Dale then put up a closer up photo of Kimmie on the bed with a wet spot visible on the crotch of her panty. Kimmie felt Kelly's nails scrape lightly over her back and Kelly say, "Oooh, I love that one." Kelly leaned close to Kimmie and whispered, "I know from experience that you can't help but get wet."
Kelly's comment made Kimie's head spin and her ears ring. She smiled meekly at Kelly, who saw the faraway, almost trancelike, look on Kimmie's face that Dale described. "It was amazing," Kimmie said in an understatement.
"I told you they were spectacular," Kelly said reassuringly. "And the best is yet to come," Kelly added with a mischievous smile. Even in her haze of sexual arousal, Kimmie knew Kelly's comment meant that Dale was going to show all the photos he took that night. That thought shook Kimmie's body and psyche further, and the look on her face was a mix of anticipation, embarrassment, and lust. Kimmie ran her nails softly down Kimmie's back and said with a sisterly smile, "You will be fine, sweetie."
Without a word, Dale moved to the next series of proofs, topless photos from behind Kimmie, with her looking over her shoulder and seducing the camera. More erotic thoughts flooded Kimmie's mind as she remembered the tension she felt deciding whether to take off her top and then the thrill of doing it. She remembered Dale rubbing a line in her back left from a bra strap, and encouraging her to lift her hair. Just then, a photo opened of Kimmie turned to her right, looking back to the camera, as she gathered her hair at the top of her head. The pose showed the entire side of Kimmie's right breast.
"What a magnificent shot," Kelly said. Kimmie moaned softly as the photo displaying her young firm tit filled the monitor. They both watched as Dale clicked through several more shots, each as sexy as the one before.
"This is my favorite in that set," Dale said, pulling up a picture with Kimmie turned to her right, showing the side of her breast and Kimmie's left hand covering her nipple. The pose showed the fingertips of the hand covering her breast. The look on Kimmie's face was an erotic blend of innocence and lust. Kelly and Kimmie both nodded in agreement that the photo was special. Kimmie also remembered this was another turning point in the photo shoot when she realized that, despite facing away from Dale, he could see her bare breasts in the mirrors in the studio. Knowing that Dale had already seen her topless excited and emboldened Kimmie, and that was when she tossed her top aside and let Dale see and photograph her fully topless.
Sitting between Dale and Kelly, Kimmie thought back again to the photo shoot when she first turned toward Dale and took her hands away from her breasts, directly baring her tits for the first time. A few shots of her with her hands covering her chest showed on the screen, and then the photos were full topless poses. As topless photos of her in provocative poses flashed across the monitor. Kimmie realized that she was feeling the same rush she felt that night. Sitting next to her, Kelly felt Kimmie's body tense and shudder as the memories washed over her.
Kimmie had followed Dale's instructions perfectly and the photos were magnificent, beautifully displaying Kimmie's ample, young boobs. No one said much as they soaked in the photos, until the photos showed Kimmie laying down and leaning back on her hands or elbows, posed to accentuate her sexy tits. Kimmie began breathing heavier as she knew where these photos led. Dale and Kelly knew too, and they could see how overwhelmed Kimmie was by her thoughts. Kelly leaned toward Kimmie and said, "Hey we can stop here, because the rest are shots of you doing things." Kimmie gasped audibly, and she looked quickly at Kimmie, then Dale, then back to Kelly.
"The rest are photos of the 'bad girlfriend,'" Dale said with a wry smile.
That term, which Kimmie had mentioned to Dale, echoed in her ears. Familiar desires and fantasies about being touched and told what to do washed over her, and Kimmie's resistance crumbled. She turned toward Kelly and said in a quiet voice, "Sometimes, guys make me do dirty things."
"I know baby," Kelly said, caressing Kimmie's back again. "Sometimes I like being told what to do," Kelly said with a wink.
"Oh god, me too," Kimmie whispered.
"Do you like being doing bad things?" Kelly asked softly.
Kimmie whimpered and nodded her head. "Dale told me to do things. It felt so good," Kimmie confessed.
"I know sweetie," Kelly assured Kimmie as her nails lightly scraped Kimmie's back. Dale put up on the screen a few photos of Kimmie laying on the floor topless and touching herself with one hand on her breast and the other inside her skirt and panties. Kimmie and Kelly both looked at the photos and Dale explained how completely Kimmie was "in the moment" at that point of the photo shoot.
"You are so sexy when you do all of those dirty things," Kelly said with a smile. Dale continued to run through the photos but otherwise let Kelly and Kimmie engage in their dialogue. Kelly looked over to the monitor and nodded to Kimmie for her to look as the pictures showed Kimmie stripping naked, sniffing her own panty, fondling herself, and finally pushing two fingers into her pussy.
"Did Dale tell you to do all of those things?" Kelly asked throatily. Kimmie exhaled and nodded affirmatively, unable to look away from the screen. "Did you like doing all those dirty things?" Kelly pressed.
"Oh god, yes," Kimmie gasped, turning to look at Kelly with pleading eyes. Kelly's nails scraped lightly over Kimmie's back, making Kimmie shudder. Kelly again motioned for Kimmie to look at the screen. Kimmie groaned as the screen displayed a photo of Dale's cock jammed in Kimmie's mouth and her hand cradling his balls. In the photo, Kimmie's face was a remarkable contrast: her cheeks were tear stained, her makeup running down with tears caused by her gagging on Dale's cock; but her eyes looked into the camera contentedly, if not lovingly.
The screen showed another picture of Kimmie hungrily sucking Dale's cock. This photo understandably was not as well composed as Dale struggled to concentrate while Kimmie slobbered over his rock-hard cock. But there was a raw erotic appeal to it; the contented look in Kimmie's eyes was replaced with lust and submission. "Unfortunately, that's where the photos ended," Dale said. Kimmie thought back to that night and felt a little disappointed there were no photos of Dale puling her hair, coming in her mouth, or Kimmie building toward or exploding in an orgasm.
"Do you want Dale to take some more photos of you doing dirty things?" Kelly asked, knowing the answer to her question.
Kimmie looked desperately at Kelly and nodded. "Yes, I do," she said barely above a whisper. Using the arm inside Kimmie's romper, Kelly pulled Kimmie into a hug and kissed the top of her head. She could feel Kimmie's body trembling.
"I want to see you like that," Kelly said affectionately. Kimmie gasped and snuggled against Kelly's shoulder and chest. "Let's go see how sexy you are," Kelly said, and, with her arm around Kimmie, she led her out of the small conference room to the studio, where Dale had already started arranging lighting around the fluffy throw rug and bed. On the way, Kelly said, "I told Dale I was mad he didn't get any photos of you with a face full of his cum." Kimmie could only whimper. "But he said you swallowed every drop," Kelly almost taunted, making Kimmie moan audibly.
"He told me I was a little cocksucker," Kimmie whispered. "He pushed it in my mouth when he came," she added, reliving the moment Dale emptied his seed into her waiting throat. Kelly was amazed at how innocent Kimmie was at times, compared to the base sexuality that oozed from so many of her photos.
In the studio, Kelly poured two glasses of rose wine, and handed one to Kimmie, who took a generous gulp and then a second as they watched Dale make some final adjustments to the lights and two cameras. Kelly softly caressed Kimmie's back and her rear through the material of her romper as they both now sipped on the wine. She looked approvingly at Kimmie's nipples poking through the thin top. Kimmie struggled to focus as she thought about posing for more photos and wondering what naughty things she would be told to do.
"I think we're ready, Dale said," snapping Kimmie back to the moment. "Let's start with you standing on the rug, Kimmie," he added.
Again, Kimmie's head spun and her ears rang as she moved to where Dale directed. The next several minutes were a blur as Dale barked out instructions and compliments as Kimmie touched herself through her clothing, flirtatiously lifted her romper, and took it off over her head. Dale then directed a series of photos with Kimmie in her panty and wedge sandals, some focused on her breasts and tummy, others on her back and ass. Almost in a trance, Kimmie took directions and played to the camera, genuinely impressing Dale and Kelly with her sex appeal. When Dale told Kimmie to peel down her panty, she fumbled with it until Dale asked Kelly to adjust it. Kimmie felt like she was in a dream when Kelly stepped in to adjust the panty and ran her hands over Kimmie's ass while pulling the waistband below Kimmie's ass cheeks.
"You are amazing," Kelly whispered to Kimmie before moving back off camera. Neither noticed that Dale had snapped a few candid photos as Kelly adjusted Kimmie's panty.
It took just a few more photos for Kimmie to again be lost in the moment as she worked her panty down and off and followed Dale's directions to pose for full frontal shots, then turn around, open her stance, and bend over as Dale snapped photos from behind. Dale composed a series of photos with Kimmie on all fours circling her for a full 360 degrees. From the front, Kimmie flirted with the camera as her luscious breasts hung deliciously, perfectly accented by her stiff nipples. From directly behind her, Kimmie looked back to engage the camera, and Dale included some close ups of her ass and smooth pussy lips. Dale told Kimmie to reach with one hand and pull an ass cheek to the side, exposing her anus and slightly parting her puffy vagina.
After several intimate shots, Dale paused to switch cameras and make some technical adjustments. To test the equipment, he took a photo of Kelly, who teasingly stuck out her tongue, before Dale looked at Kimmie through the lens. Kimmie waited on all fours, unsure what to do next, but definitely excited by being so exposed. She looked at Kelly who nodded toward Dale. "Now, on your back on the rug, Kimmie." Kimmie did as Dale instructed, and he added, "feet flat and open your legs wide, babe."
The fog of sexual arousal rolled over Kimmie again, and she closed her eyes, spread her feet about three feet apart, and bent her knees so she could get her feet flat on the rug. She felt very exposed, and she opened her eyes to see Dale and Kelly standing just below her and gazing at Kimmie's gaping pussy. Kimmie was literally shaking and waiting, in some way needing, to be told what to do next. "Absolutely beautiful," Dale said as he clicked away from multiple angles. Kimmie looked toward Kelly and saw Kelly's nipples pushing through her top.
"Legs a little wider, babe," Dale instructed, and Kimmie complied. She wondered what Dale and Kimmie saw, and she imagined them seeing her pink inner folds. Dale circled her again, taking pictures from above of her laying naked on the fluffy white rug. "Use your hands to spread open wider," Dale said as he completed the circle. That instruction literally took Kimmie's breath away, and she hesitated a few seconds. "Now, Kimmie," Dale said sternly.
Kimmie groaned as she reached down to spread her throbbing lips apart, not holding back and knowing for sure that her pussy was splayed wide open. Her heart raced as Dale took several photos, including some close ups. With Kimmie in that vulnerable position, Dale paused for a moment, adjusted his camera, and looked back through the lens. Then he moved one of the pole lights a few inches and again peered through the camera. 'Stay just like that Kimmie," Dale instructed. "Kelly, can I get a light reading?" he asked. Kimmie didn't understand what was happening.
Without a word, Kelly picked up a light meter, which Kimmie thought was an old cell phone with a dial on it, and she moved toward Kimmie and knelt down. "Try to stay still," Kelly said quietly, before she moved the meter between Kimmie's legs, and held it steady. The back of Kelly's hand lightly pressed against Kimmie's exposed inner folds. She heard Kelly say something to Dale, but Kimmie could focus only on how Kelly's hand made her feel. Dale responded and Kelly's hand moved as she took another reading, pressing harder against Kimmie's pussy.
Kimmie could not control her need to push against the back of Kelly's hand.
Kelly looked down at Kimmie with a gentle smile, and Kimmie pressed a little harder against the hand. Dale asked another question and Kelly pressed a button and read off a number to Dale. That motion caused Kelly's hand to push back into Kimmie, almost taking Kimmie's breath away. Kimmie could not process the conversation between Dale and Kelly. She could think only of the electric surges between her legs as she pressed against Kelly's hand. Kelly pulled her hand away, jolting Kimmie back to reality, and Kelly looked at Kimmie and said with a sexy smile, "I think you will really like this."
Kimmie had no idea what "this" was. "Like what?" she asked.
"You'll see," Kelly responded with another smile. She stood up and, while Dale took a few more pictures of Kimmie wantonly exposing herself, Kelly gathered up a small towel and a spray bottle. When Dale stopped taking photos, Kimmie looked at Kelly, wondering what would happen next.
"Kimmie, we are going to use a little photography trick," Dale said. "Sometimes we can enhance close ups using a spray mist." Seeing that Kimmie was a little confused, he added, "Kelly is going to spray mist on you so that you will be a little wetter and your skin will glisten. It's just distilled water," Dale explained.
Kimmie just nodded. She thought she knew the answer but asked, "Spray where?"
"Actually, it can be anywhere, but we'll start where we are." Kimmie shuddered when she realized that she was still spreading herself open while talking to Dale. She looked at Dale expectantly, and he just smiled.
"So, down there?" Kelly asked innocently, and both Dale and Kelly saw how powerfully saying that effected Kimmie, making her entire body tense.
"Yes," Dale responded. "Your ass too, and wherever else I tell her," Dale taunted. Kimmie's eyes were glassy, and she sighed with desire and resignation.
Once again, the next several minutes blurred in Kimmie's mind. Kelly first sprayed Kimmie's spread open pussy, the cool water jolting Kimmie. Kellie then told Kimmie to move her hands away and Kelly sprayed all over Kimmie's crotch. Then Kimmie almost passed out when Kelly tenderly pulled Kimmie's pussy lips back on both sides and sprayed her inner lips. The feeling of Kelly's fingers on her pussy was overwhelming, and Kimmie moved her hips against Kelly's touch.
Kimmie was vaguely aware of Dale taking photos, but it was almost an afterthought. Kelly's touch enthralled Kimmie, and she craved satisfaction from someone She needed someone, anyone, to touch her, feel her pussy, and make her do nasty things. Kimmie's ability to think clearly, let alone reason, was gone. The part of her that needed to be touched, fondled, and used sexually was totally in control. Dale made eye contact with Kelly, and his look said that Kimmie was in the place he told Kelly about that she had trouble believing. But now Kelly saw it with her own eyes. And it was beyond what she imagined.
"Is Kelly going to put her fingers in me?" Kimmie panted, signaling she needed more.
"Of course she is," Dale growled, making Kimmie squirm. "You are going to do lots of dirty things," he foreshadowed and Kimmie's eyes rolled in her head. Then Kimmie grunted as Kelly slipped a finger in her pussy and then a second. Kimmie closed her eyes and moved her hips so that she was slowly fucking Kelly's fingers. Dale snapped photos of the depravity and told Kimmie to look at him, forcing her to open her eyes and take in the scene: Kelly kneeling next to her, two fingers inside Kimmie, and Dale standing over both of them with his camera. Kimmie struggled to pose seductively, but her body had taken over for her mind and she was unable to do anything but follow her physical urges.
From there, Dale told Kelly to take her fingers out of Kimmie and put them in Kimmie's mouth, taking photos and telling Kimmie she looked sexy tasting her own pussy. He then made Kimmie verbalize that she loved how her pussy tasted, which shook Kimmie's body more.
"You like to taste pussy, don't you Kimmie?" Dale asked firmly. Kimmie was helpless to do anything to agree. "You want to taste more pussy, don't you?" Dale pressed. Again, Kimmie nodded affirmatively and moaned. She was not necessarily following the progression, but the dirty talk aroused Kimmie. Dale told Kimmie to lay down flat, and he straddled her with his feet at her hips. "Touch your tits," he demanded, "and pinch your nipples." Dale took more photos of Kimmie fondling herself. "Look up here" Dale insisted as he continued photographing her naked body.
Dale smiled and said, "Time for a treat, Kimmie." Still looking at him as Dale directed, Kimmie looked confused. Dale smiled again and said, 'Now you are going to taste all the pussy you want," and he looked away from Kimmie. Kimmie's eyes followed Dale's and she was shocked to see Kelly standing near her naked.
Kimmie had never seen anyone so beautiful or sexy. She looked at Dale, then Kelly, and then back at Dale. "You want to taste Kelly's pussy, don't you?" Dale said.
Kimmie's heart skipped a beat and she was a almost frantic. "I never did that," Kimmie mumbled, looking nervously at Kelly.
"That wasn't what I asked. You want to taste her pussy, don't you, Kimmie?" Dale said.
"Oh, god, yes, make me eat Kelly's pussy," Kimmie choked out. "Please."
Kelly straddled Kimmie, her crotch over Kimmie's face and facing Kimmie's feet. As Dale took photos, Kelly, without a word got down on all fours lowering her crotch right above Kimmie's face. With sexual tension thick in the air, Kelly lowered her hips, bringing her pussy down on Kimmie's face. Just two inches from Kimmie's mouth, Kelly reached down and spread her lips before pressing on to Kimmie's face. Instinctively, Kimmie's tongue pressed into Kelly's wet slit, tasting another woman for the first time.
Kelly was surprised at how enthusiastically Kimmie licked pussy for the first time. She smiled thinking that the "bad girlfriend" they watched emerge was lapping her pussy. Kimmie learned from Kelly's reactions to pay attention to her clit, and Kelly grinded into Kimmie's face. Dale continued to take photos, struggling to stay focused and to ignore the erection straining against his pants. He took photos of Kelly and Kimmie individually and together, and he got some excellent shots from behind Kelly, showing her puckered ass and Kimmie's tongue pushing into Kelly's pink puffy cunt.
The extended buildup and Kimmie's surprisingly talented tongue combined to create tension in Kelly's midsection that she knew was the beginning of a satisfying orgasm. Dale encouraged Kimmie, and told her to feel her own tits as she ate "Kelly's delicious pussy." Dale knew that kind of talk excited Kimmie, and she pushed her face harder into Kelly. When Kimmie flicked her tongue over Kelly's engorged clit while sucking it into her mouth, Kelly got over the top. A powerful orgasm washed over her, and Dale captured a series of photos of the familiar signs of Kelly's ecstasy.
Feeling Kelly come on her face turned Kimmie on more than she had ever dreamed. Her hips writhed and then bucked, her own orgasm forming and then building even after Kelly's climax subsided. Kelly recovered enough to know just what Kimmie needed, and she reached with saliva-soaked fingers to massage Kimmie's clit. Her touch made Kimmie screech, although the noise was muffled by Kelly's pussy on Kimmie's mouth. Kelly's expert fingers quickly had their intended effect, and Kimmie came for the first time with another woman. Dale took so many photos that he filled one memory card and had to switch cameras.
After Kimmie's orgasm, Kelly rolled off and sat next to Kimmie, softly stroking her arm and tummy as Kimmie recovered. Kimmie looked adoringly at Kelly, and her hand moved on top of Kelly's hand that was caressing Kimmie's midsection. Kimmie was aroused by Kelly's naked body and excited by the idea of having just had sex with a woman for the first time. Almost simultaneously, they noticed Dale still taking candid pictures of them. They were both naked except for Kimmie's wedge sandals that she still had on.
"Poor Dale," Kelly said to no one in particular, "I think we turned him on." Kimmie saw the bulge in Dale's slacks that Kelly was referring to. Dale moved a few steps toward them ostensibly to frame some new photos, getting close enough for to be within arm's reach. Kelly looked down at Kimmie and said "Now I can get those photos I wanted."
Kimmie looked puzzled. The day's events so overwhelmed Kimmie that she searched her memory for what Kelly meant. Seeing Kimmie's confusion, Kelly leaned in closer to her and said in a conspiratorial tone, "Your face full of cum." Kimmie gulped and knew that she would do whatever Kelly wanted. Her eyes twinkled, and she nodded her head, making Kelly smile.
Kelly sat up again and, with Kimmie watching her every move, reached to rub Dale's erection through his pants. Dale grunted, and Kelly got up to her knees, undid Dale's belt and pants, and pulled down his briefs to take Dale's hard cock in her hand. She turned to look at Kimmie who was staring at the now-familiar cock in Kelly's hand. "All for you Kimmie," Kelly said in a husky voice. Kimmie's prone body visibly shuddered. Her mind rushed back to the first photo shoot when Dale assaulted her mouth with his cock until he came and set off Kimmie's own orgasm.
"Do I have to suck it?" Kimmie asked, again initiating the erotic role play.
"Yes, you do," Dale responded, upping the ante. "Suck my dick like you did before," Dale said gruffly. Kimmie trembled again, slowly got herself to her knees, and moved in front of Dale. "That's it, you know what you have to do," Dale commanded, grabbing a handful of Kimmie's hair. Kimmie's eyes dimmed and her mouth opened as she leaned forward to let Kelly guide Dale's penis into Kimmie's mouth. Holding her hair, Dale pushed her onto his stiff manhood, making Kimmie gag a bit.
Kelly moved away and, without Kimmie noticing, she picked up one of Dale's cameras. Kimmie gurgled and slurped as Dale roughly thrust in and out of her mouth encouraging her to "swallow it all" and telling her how good she sucked his cock. Kelly began taking photos of Kimmie's sloppy blowjob. Kelly was a decent photographer, but she took more time than Dale to take each photo. Still, she snapped some very erotic photos of Kimmie's mouth around Dale's thick member and Kimmie's makeup-streaked face full of cock.
After a few minutes of throat-fucking Kimmie, Dale felt himself building to an orgasm. When he slowed down to stave off coming, Kimmie would have none of it. Her hand caressed Dale's balls and she forced him deep in her throat and bobbed her head vigorously. "Oh fuck," Dale moaned, "you are such a nasty cocksucker." With her free hand Kimmie reached around and dug her nails in Dale's ass pulling him toward her. Dale couldn't hold off any longer. "You are making me come," he grunted.
"On her face," Kelly said excitedly. Just in time, Dale pulled out of Kimmie's mouth and held his cock toward her face. Kimmie's hand moved from his balls to also wrap around his tool. Dale groaned loudly as the first ribbon of cum splashed on Kimmie's forehead right where it met her nose. Kelly clicked away, moving next to Dale, as the second and third jets hit Kimmie's right cheek and upper lip. Kelly was impressed that Kimmie accepted the face painting, with her eyes open and without turning her head. Dale's body jerked as another spasm hit and the fourth spurt hit Kimmie's ear and hair. She re-centered his cock so the next gob hit her left cheek.
As his climax subsided and the last drops of sperm oozed from his spent cock, Kimmie expertly took Dale in her mouth and sucked off the gooey cum covering the head of his dick. Kelly kept framing pictures of Kimmie covered with Dale's sperm. It was an erotic look with mascara streaking and cum oozing down her cheeks. As Dale was recovering, Kimmie turned to the camera to make sure Kelly got the pictures she wanted.
Kelly took a few more photos and then put the camera down. She looked approvingly at Kimmie, who was naked and kneeling, and still holding Dale's softening cock. Some of the sperm had dripped from her face on to her chest, but Kimmie did nothing to wipe off the evidence of her unleashed sexuality. For her part, Kimmie's innate insecurity made her wonder if Dale and Kelly enjoyed the sex with her and would want to see her again. Of course, Dale and Kelly both thought Kimmie was maybe the most sexually intriguing person they had ever met. They also knew they would have Kimmie back to the studio many, many times.