A couple weeks had passed since that night in Val's dorm room. Val and I were in between classes and had met up in the cafeteria for a quick bite.
"My mom called last night, after you left." Val said as we got our food and sat down. I heard what she said but I was only half listening and was more concerned with my slice of pizza at that moment.
Val continued, "She asked me about the other night." That got my attention and as I looked at Val, I could see a smirk on her pretty little face. "What do you mean she asked you about the other night?" I inquired.
Val went on to tell me that a few minutes into the phone call, her mom asked her in a whisper if I was laying next to her again. When Val said no, her mom sounded disappointed. Val's mom then asked her why I was naked last time and Val told her that sometimes she liked me to get naked and lay next to her, so she can tease me a little. According to Val, her mom asked her what she meant and Val proceeded to explain to her our little game.
I sat staring at Val for a moment, not really knowing what to say. I didn't want to believe she had told her mother that but knowing Val, I knew it was probably true.
"You really didn't tell her that... did you?" I asked.
Val just chuckled and said "of course I did, you know I tell my mother everything."
"Yeah but this is a little different," I replied.
"How is it different?" Val continued, "She knows we have sex... what's the difference?"
I told her there was a difference and it was a bit embarrassing. Val told me to stop being a baby, it was no big deal. Val told me that I should be flattered because after she was done explaining it to her mother, her mom commented that she didn't blame her because I had such a nice body.
After letting that last comment sink in for a moment, I finally broke in. Up until then she had me, but I finally called bullshit on her story.
Val got mad, "What do you mean...bullshit?"
"Come on, really? You had me for a minute but you took it too far. Your mom never said that about me."
"The hell she did," Val said.
Val said her last comment rather loud and I shushed her. She was actually getting mad at me because I wasn't believing her story. But Val was adamant that her mom said that. She told me that it wasn't the first time she commented on my body either. Last year her parents came to one of my wrestling meets and after her mom saw me in that little singlet, she couldn't stop talking about how well built I was to Val for weeks after.
I expressed complete embarrassment, especially to that last piece of information but Val pretty much ignored me and continued on, "that got me thinking. We should do something for my mother."
A little confused by the total change of subject I asked what she meant by "do something?"
That's when Val sprang it on me "Well, I was thinking that it would be fun to let my mom see you naked."
"Whaaaaaaat!" I exclaimed, almost choking on the Gatorade I was drinking. "Your joking, right?"
"No, I'm dead serious," Val replied.
I continued to laugh off the suggestion. Val tried explaining to me that it would be such a thrill for her mom, and she thinks her mom would really enjoy it. Besides, she knows how much I love getting naked and that one of my biggest fantasies was being naked in front of more than one woman.
I countered with the litany of reasons why this was such a bad idea, reasons so obvious, they really don't need to be listed.
Val didn't waver though, she said she would like to make it happen. After all, it would be innocent fun.
After a few more minutes of me telling her she was crazy it was time for our next class.
Before we went to our separate classes Val gave me a kiss and not so subtly patted me on my crotch. She smiled and told me, "I knew it, we are going to make this happen." She told me she loved me and headed off to class
I knew it too. Despite my protests the idea turned me on a bit. It was wrong as hell but very exciting and when Val grabbed my crotch she felt that. As I walked to class, I was a little scared. Scared because I knew Val was not going to drop this. Once she was determined to make something happen, it was going to happen. I was also scared that I would go through with it. The idea did excite me and Val could pretty much get me to do anything she wanted. The only comforting thought I had was creating a situation where Val's mom could see me naked would be extremely difficult to pull off.
As I sat for my next class, I was able to calm myself with the thought that this was probably not going to happen.