A totally fictional story with fictional characters that are all 19 or older. It involves an absentee mother and an open-minded father and daughter in a close relationship. Self-proofed and edited. Even though I updated the edit March of 2023 using new versions of software, there still will be some mistakes if you look hard enough. Sometimes just transferring them from the word processing program causes spacing errors. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did revisiting this story.
________________________________________________
College was starting that fall for my daughter Shelly, and most of her many friends. She is my only child, the apple of my eye, and is spoiled when it comes to dad that is. Her mother my wife, had taken a job 10 years ago that pays well, but it has become too demanding with constant traveling. She has other options with her experience, but she seems to love some parts of her job more than her husband and daughter. I have been pretty much mom and dad to Shelly since then.
We have a nice private pool that Shelly and her friends use a lot, and they like to go to the beach for sunning, and boys of course. The beach that is their most frequent destination is a public beach that has a reputation for being very safe and is not a long drive. She has been driving since she turned 16 over two years ago, she is 19 now. I don't worry that much about her driving-wise, she is pretty responsible in that area. She has a good friend named April whom she seems to shadow, goes anywhere April wants to go and does anything April does. April is very flirty and willing to show most if not all of her body at times. It's kind of scary that she would follow anyone at all, I tried to raise her to be her own person.
April has good parents, but in their case, both parents work long hours leaving their kids are often on their own. She stays at our house a lot, and I have been a bit of a second father to her although I have had little influence on her. I have tried to be more strict at times, but once they hit 16 they are out of control, then when they hit 18-19 you have no control. Both Shelly and April have been exercising their adult rights for almost a year. It is kind of tough on me now that she and her friends are older, young women. But I still call them my girls, as that is how I try to think about them. My sweet innocent girls are now trying to navigate the world as young women.
Sometimes I think that since I have pretty much been both parents to Shelly, she and her friends think I am just purely an easy-going dad and not the horny sex-starved 40-year-old man that I have become. My house has been one big pajama party for the last year, especially this summer. The only thing is, they don't wear what I would call traditional pajamas. Teen girls' nighties these days are just short of, if not lingerie, many are see-through in areas that normally would be covered. I think I can identify most of the girls by their breasts, and the way things have been going at my place, soon it may be by their vaginas as well.
I have walked in on all kinds of things, do-it-yourself piercings in all parts of the body, and waxing of the vagina area. There is one of her girlfriends that they trust to do piercings, and some of those, even the vaginal ones are done somewhere in my house. Boys are not banned but the girls seem to regard our house as a boy-free zone where they can let their hair down. I have seen signs and actions of some bisexuality, but I think that is common at their age to experiment. I can't say I have not enjoyed seeing some girl-on-girl action. I have even witnessed two of them so involved in pleasing each other that I probably could have watched the whole thing without being noticed. I still jerk to that incident now and then.
We have an En Suite bath off the master that is often used for piercings and waxing by the girls as it is bigger than the guest bath. These girls show respect for me but must think I am too old to have a sex drive like younger guys. I think they like me better than their parents, but mostly because I am more lenient, (that means I am an easier mark.)
I have an office at the business I work for, but in these times of COVID, I spend more time in my home office. Summers are hot here, and one day I came home from a run, a shortened one, and needed a shower. I came through the pool area that had several girls in or laying around sunning. They were in some of the briefest bikinis I have ever seen, most looked like just strings with little cloth. Some of them were topless, or maybe nude, as I could not see the lower part of them in the pool.
As I walked by one topless one, April told me, "You look so hot Mr. C, in more ways than one."
She was the biggest flirt and cock teaser with me of the crowd. She followed her statement with, "Come on, just lose what you got on Mr. C., and jump in, you won't be the only one bottomless. Some of us never had any on, but I lost mine, and they are stuck to the intake at the bottom. Maybe you can dive that deep to get it? Join us naked, I promise not to stare at you if you promise that you will stare at us, you know how we like your attention."
How well I know that, and I could take all that as kidding, if she hadn't swum away after that with her naked ass in the air, and then flip over, exposing her sex as she did a backstroke. I did not respond to any of them directly other than my usual "Hi Girls, have fun," and headed for my shower. I felt like I was in the famous scene from Ridgemont High, and had a plan for when I got in the shower.
Well, you would think the half dozen or so in the pool would have been a big enough crowd of teens to have at your house at once, but there were more, my daughter was absent. I found her in my room, in the bath section with yet another girl. Our En Suite is only separated from the bedroom by pocket doors that are seldom if ever closed. I walked in and was shocked, my daughter was busy with her friend and was not sure doing what. It was when I got closer that I could see she was waxing a nude girl's vagina, Shelly was naked as well. I did not want to look at my daughter, but could not just leave until I got a look at her client, and hear what she would have to say about it.
That is just a sample of what I see. I don't run away from things like that anymore, I just give a normal greeting like I gave the girls at the pool. In return, this time my daughter turned toward me to not just tell me, but show me what was going on. "Hi Dad, I am just waxing Cindy, our piercing expert," she then used her thumbs and forefingers to frame her own sex as she said, "See my vagina is already waxed, do you think I should get a piercing right here?" Then pointed just above her clitoris. She didn't wait for an answer, I did not have one for her anyway, she just finished with, "We won't be long dad, you can watch if you want we don't mind. I am getting good at it, she hardly even grimaces, watch me pull this off."
Well, I did watch, her friend did not object, just sat their legs spread wide. Then my daughter bent back over to show me how quickly she can pull a strip off. That gave me a view of both of their sex that I should not have had. I did not sit stay and watch anymore, I am not that much of a perv. But I did enjoy looking at her friend's pussy, as her labia opened up when my daughter pulled the strip. I caught a glance of her pink and left before I showed hard in my thin running shorts.
Sometimes I think she forgets she is my daughter when she is topless, lately it seems even when nude I guess. In this case, I enjoyed seeing her friend, especially since I know she is one of the older ones at 20. But I did not want to see my daughter's pussy freshly waxed from two different angles.
I guess I owe it to you to describe her friend. She is a brunette, with lots of do-it-herself piercings. Nice firm breasts, with bar piercings through her nipples. She also had a locket hanging from her cute little belly button. Below was my favorite piercing, of course, one like my daughter wants, right above her clit in its hood.
I can't say I did not enjoy the view, but sometimes I wonder what goes through that pretty little head of my daughter's. I even wonder if this is a new generational thing and if any of her friends show every part of their body to their fathers, and so nonchalantly. I am just glad she did not try to start this in her earlier teens. I could have not put up with it before they were legal young adults. I could have gotten into a mess, maybe even ended up in jail.
This was all just a sample of what I am now being shown by all of them. I am a harmless guy in their eyes, and they all feel very little if any need for modesty around me. I grabbed some clothes and headed to the guest bath, a smaller room and shower, but big enough to shower and jerk off in. I mean with what I have seen in the pool, then in my bathroom, what would you expect a guy to want to do? It was the vision of a teens pussy in my mind, but I hope it was not my daughter's that I used for my focus as I got off. But any teen pussy is going to overstimulate a guy like me that rarely sees his own wife's. I don't have any choice but to masturbate a lot, and have often focused on the vision of most of the girls she hangs with. April is my favorite, and I hope I never get a vision of my daughter naked in my head. Shelly is such a beautiful girl, but she is my daughter.
I confess I have a pretty good view of the girls sometimes down the hall from my bedroom. I usually leave the door cracked a little so I can catch a glimpse as her friends are just walking past my room to the guest bathroom, sometimes au natural. They know it's open, it has been our habit It was one my wife and I started to see if she was making curfew during her underage rebellious years.
I don't feel guilty at all, they have to know they are showing me their stuff. They are all 18 or over, and it's not like I use a peephole, I don't need to.
I came home one night late to find several of them in the pool, skinny dipping. A treat but not a surprise, and I did not hang around watching them. I have tried not to mix too much with them. I don't want to be one of those parents that thinks they can be part of the child's group, and their child's best friend.
One evening it was just Shelly and April at the house, they were waiting for me, and to my surprise buck naked. Now that was both strange and scary that they would greet me that way. April looked so hot standing there showing it all, and holding a cold beer for me. She was even wise enough to do it in a sexy pose. They got close to me and I was consumed with their smell. It was then I knew they wanted something from me, something big. But what made them think they should be nude when they ask me?
I got a hint when I heard their request, "We want to go to the Nude Beach, it's not a big thing for girls our age. Everyone trusts you, dad, you don't react like a perv when you see us this way. But it is scary for us to go this way for the first time in front of strangers. Especially older men, and we want you to be our chaperon for this trip?"
They were referring to the beach at the National Seashore that to my knowledge both I nor the girls had ever visited. There are no federal laws for nudity, and that is why there can be a nude section there. The rangers only mark it with a warning and try to keep it in a separate area and under some control. It does not have a squeaky clean reputation, and it is because it is frequented by some pervs and peeps. It is only in the first section where guys and girls my daughter's age hang out they said. They heard there is usually a volleyball game or two going, with a mix of hot naked guys and girls.
The unofficial section that lonely MILF's, matures, and guys that like to peep is the next one after it. Because of this, they wanted me to be with them this first time. Teens, just have to try everything, and there are worse things they could want to try and not even ask first. I can understand them wanting an adult they trust with them.
I told them I would go along, but I would not promise to be naked. I explained that I am not afraid, but I do not want to do it in front of them like I am one of the group. I told them I might consider it in another section a little distance away. They were going to go anyway, I thought I would feel better seeing for myself what it is like.
I did not know how many girls they were talking about, it turned out to be 7, and we had to take two cars. I wished at the time that I had demanded that another parent be there. The problem would have been finding one. I am probably the only open-minded parent that is a big enough sucker to agree to it. Her friends all know I spoil Shelly to death. Before we left I made a couple of them show me their IDs, I did not know them as well as the others and wanted to confirm their ages in case any parents got wind of it.
The first stop at the beach was at one of the change houses, they wanted to go to the suits optional section in bikinis first, that's what people do anyway, they take the tops or all of their bikinis off after they get to that part of the beach. It was far enough from the change house, that we had to drive from there. It was the end of the huge parking area where the nude beach started, it had some warning signs about possible nudity.
It was early in the day, and there were few people there, a few girls laying out topless or in the buff. A little further down were some MILFs, or let me clarify that they were women of my age and older, but they were not all mothers that I would like to fuck. But I am kind of glad they are not ashamed of their bodies, they should not be. Some of the peeps I saw should have been. They were naked and their bellies overlapped their groin enough that they didn't need a suit to cover their penis. They sure seemed happy to see the girls in my charge, they were hotter than the MILFs or matures even with their bikinis still on.
The girls all staked out their towels and blankets, and I did mine in an area in between my girls and the others. I kept my suit on but did wear one of the brief suits I wear at home to swim laps, a thin nylon speedo. I thought I might blend in better, but did not take into account that I might get a boner that those suits don't hide.
As time went on, more people filled in the empty spots on the beach but nobody crowded anyone else. I had applied lotion on my front and was laying down, almost asleep, kind of dozing off I guess. I could hear a volleyball game in progress and decided I better have a look. So far it was my girls, and a few guys, most of my girls were nude by then, and a couple had not given up the "V" covering their vaginas. I had got accustomed to seeing the girls, but it was something else to see all those girls and guys naked together, but I did not want to stare. Shelley and April were nude of course, they were the organizers. I would check from time to time and eventually they had enough young adults for two mixed teams.
I was a little uncomfortable seeing my little girl nude in the middle of a bunch of guys with their penises of all sizes swinging around as they played. I was used to seeing tits swinging at the house, this nude mixed crowd thing in public was new. It was clear there was some bumping and contact when one would assist a shot that was over a girl's head, I am sure some deliberate. But all and all it looked like good clean fun, just young people enjoying being young. I can't say for me seeing the girls' breasts bouncing and exposed vaginas was not a treat for me, but I did not want to look like a peep. More people came, and soon I was the only suited person laying out in that area in my speedo. I felt like I was drawing more attention than the nudes. I laid back and closed my eyes under my glasses trying to feel invisible and not being looked at.
The game seemed to end, turned out it was just a break. I soon heard my Shelly's and April's voices over top of me, "Daddy" I opened my eyes as she said, "You stick out like a sore thumb, you need to lose the suit! We have all seen lots of penises, the fact that it is on my dad is not a big thing, what about families that are naturalists?" April concurred, "What's the problem Mr. C, you see me and the other girls this way all the time, and we are comfortable being naked in front of you, you can be that way in front of us for this one trip."
Shelly added her two cents, "You are as fit as anyone your age I have ever seen. No offense, but honestly I don't think we are going to spend much time looking at you with all these buff guys our age here. You have nothing to be ashamed of dad."
I came up with every excuse I could, I was down to how would I apply lotion without looking like I was jerking off. They said they knew a solution to that problem and would be back.
Now keep in mind the whole time we were arguing I was looking up at my daughter and her friend naked. I mean from about their bald pussies, their sexy tummies and breasts, to their pretty faces. April was my focus standing right by and almost over my head, I was worried about her giving me a boner.
They came back, this time with reinforcements, now I had all 7 of the now all naked girls standing over me. They were surrounding me to give me some privacy. Several of them were armed with sunscreen bottles in their hands.
"OK, Dad, you are surrounded so you won't stand out, surrender those trunks, you are my dad, so I will let my girls get both sides of you covered with lotion, and people will not see much of you as they do. They will just see girls butts, and well, you know what else as they bend over to apply it."
What choice did I have, besides, what idiot would refuse 6 naked hot teens I was not related to waiting to apply lotion to my soon-to-be naked body? I pulled my suit off to reveal my already growing cock, but rolled over quickly, it was my back I could not reach that needed it the most. Just like the girls started by showing their tops, I was only exposing my butt first.
Shelly left as promised, and went back to her blanket since I was her dad, but the next thing I hear is April taking charge. "OK girls pick an area, I am calling that cute white butt of his, it's just calling for my hands to be on it, you girls can take the rest."
Well, I felt a lot of hands-on me, and can't say I did not love the feel of it. April's hands stood out, she was working my butt like a masseuse would a client and more. I felt her move my legs apart to get between them. I knew by the way I was laying that my penis and scrotum were now partly exposed. It did not seem to bother her that the back of her hands was making contact with my cock and balls. That area of my body on both sides had not been felt by anyone else but me in weeks, Doris was on an extended trip. When that side was done I was told to roll over.
I surrendered as I was getting into it then. In fact, I was kind of excited to get the front of me done by April. The area I had not already put lotion on was my groin under my speedo. I turned over I was looking at April's boobs hanging right in front of me as she straddled my legs, they are so young and firm, just awesome I might add. I could also feel her pussy which I swear was wet on my legs. She was getting her hands coated with lotion, the other 6 were standing surrounding me again, privacy curtain?
Privacy from others or a captive audience. Not one of the girls was not watching April apply lotion to my groin in a very comprehensive way. So while she was doing that I had 6 vaginas, and 12 breast in my view, they had my penis and scrotum in theirs. I was feeling some action down below even before I felt April getting every inch of my groin and then proceeded to hold my partly erect penis with two fingers at the tip of my knob. It was not until she moved her fingers down to the shaft, and coated my super sensitive knob. Now she was holding a much stiffer penis as she made sure to get the underside of it, and the top of my ball sack. I watched her do all this while the girls were watching intently as well but also talking and giggling, they just never stop.
April was just being sure, or was she just teasing me by finishing my cock by wrapping her lotion-coated fingers around it, and yes, using an up and down stroke. It got quiet I was afraid to look, and afraid I was going to cum. One of the girls decided to comment, "Look what you did April, that white stuff is not lotion on the tip of his knob."
"Oops, guess I was too thorough," April said, "You better roll back over for a bit Mr. C, before someone tries to hang a flag on your penis. Once we are gone, there will be more girls than us showing interest."
Some giggles came from the girls, and a couple of comments I could barely make out, but I think my penis and the precum on it was still being discussed. For the most part, I think seeing a friend's dad's penis hard and standing up was a unique experience, making it the focus of the girls. I don't remember getting any complaints about its size I guess, but it has been a long time since someone new has seen it. I just never expected to debut it to my daughter's young friends period. I guess I felt better about it being this hard instead of flaccid. I am a male, and can not deny liking the reviews it got.
If only my daughter had not chosen this time to return to see how things had gone. She found out, and did not, or could not speak, her eyes did that for her as she seen her dad's erection. April spoke for her and the others of course, "Sorry Mr. C., I got carried away at the end, usually when I stroke a guy like that it is for another purpose. We are all shocked by its size when hard I think. I personally have never had one that big on a boy. You certainly have nothing to be ashamed of on this nude beach." Saying this as she swiped some precum off of it with her fingertip, and then put it in her mouth, and of course had to make an umm, sound. I am sure that was for my benefit, the lotion had to be the dominate flavor.
I spoke, "Yes, and I hate to be so direct, but if you would have not stopped when you did, you might have gotten a unintended facial."
April replied, "I would not have minded it, or even might have used my mouth to catch it, but the rangers might mind if they saw it. Sorry, but your just plain hot Mr. C, then seeing that you are hung too. Your age , or the fact that you are my friends dad does not make me want it any less. I doubt there is not one of us that is not wet, well maybe not Shelly."
All in all, I was both still embarrassed, and yet proud of my hardon getting attention. In fact, I was not in as much of a hurry to cover it or roll over. We older guys are even more proud of our hardons than young guys, but get few if any chances to have it exposed to girls this age without be arrested. I thought maybe the girls would think of me a little differently after that. I was ready to turn over but realized laying on my stomach right then was not practical. So I just turned on my side, so it was not so prevalent. Once most of the swelling went down I rolled on my back again. I laid there naked on partially excited penis exposed, there is kind of a unique feeling being nude on your back at a nude beach, a feeling of freedom I guess. It was not all sexual but that was the biggest part of it I guess.
All that for what was not a lot more time at the beach. After one more short game, the girls were back to collect me. There I was with my penis the focus of their attention again. I had almost the same reaction to their attention as I did the first time. Of course the visual of the girls standing over me even in their bikini's helped to cause the erection that gave me some difficulty. I admit, I was enjoying their attention again, and did not hurry to cover it. By the time I gathered up my stuff, including my suit, I was fully erect again. It is not easy getting a speedo on over an erection. I was glad I had a towel to wrap around my waist.
I seemed to get the gigglers in my car on the way home, but I think that all girls that age are, even some older women. The girls had their bikinis still on, no one wanted to dress in the smelly old changing shelter again. I have never seen girls have so much fun and be so ornery without drinking.
They were back to fucking with me again, they would take turns sitting in the middle of the back seat. The one in the middle, and away from the windows would tease me. They could see me looking in my center mirror, so they would lose their tops to show me their tits. April on her turn, not to be outdone, took both top and bottoms off. The brat then threw her tiny bikini up on my dash to try to rattle me I guess. That was not enough though, she then spread her legs by placing them on each of the back of the front seats. I looked in the mirror, to see her hole full of fingers as if she was masturbating, the other two girls back there kissed her to simulate making out, kissing her pretty much anywhere they could reach.
I almost crashed from taking my eyes off the road and on the mirror for all the time necessary to give you such a detailed description. I let it go for a while as it was so hot, but eventually had to be the dad and tell them to settle down even though I was loving every bit of it. I would not even want to have a fender bender with them that way. They got pretty quiet, I must have sounded serious.
Then one got the courage to say, "Thanks so much for taking us and being our bodyguard, I hope you do it again, and I want to put lotion on either that cute butt or I will just say it, I would prefer coating that big penis. I think I could have got it even a little bigger than April did!" "Seriously, you are one hung dad a good sport, and at the same time an even better father to our Shelly."
That brought even more giggles. I was glad I took them to that beach. Even though I did not see any of them for a few days, I had jerk-off material to last for days if not weeks after that.
I don't know exactly why but after that trip, I was treated to a lot more nudity around the house and pool. My theory was that they now were sure I was OK with it, and they became more comfortable around me that way. I think they wanted to take advantage of the freedom they were given away from home. I guess I was a safe older male to them because of my age, that, and the fact that my daughter was around and often nude as well. I guess I got accepted as an honorary member of their group after that. I then did not mind sitting by the pool, but in my speedo as I looked across to see them, some laying back on loungers, sunning nude. I no longer worried so much about coming off like a peep.
I think they knew what they were doing to me though, and enjoying it. Sometimes lifting one knee, and spreading their legs slightly as they looked my way. Yes, purposely displaying their pussies to me. But I was no longer complaining, nor trying to hide bulges in my suit. I woke up one afternoon while napping out there, feeling contact to my penis. My penis was hard and sticking out the leg of my suit. An involuntary erection, had not had one in years. April had a hold on it. "Do you want me to help you put that away, or help you out with it. No one else is here right now, even Shel is gone."
Even though the latter sounded good I had to stop her or I would have lost control. I knew then she was not teasing anymore, she wanted to do something sexual with me.
I came home one night after some drinks with a friend and found out the girls had been in Doris's wine stash and were sitting on the floor playing a card game, a strip one it was obvious. Some if not all were pretty buzzed and missing clothes. I made a mental note to collect the keys for the two cars parked in the drive. My daughter was without a top, and April was without anything and out of the game I guess. April pretty much just ran over to me and jumped up, wrapping her arms and legs around me. My instinct was to put my arm and hand under her naked ass, and yes, I did. We both seemed to like it. She kissed me and said, "I am bored, how about you and me skinny dipping in the pool since I am out of the game and naked?"
In another dimension it sounded like a good idea. I was starting to wonder what the motive was behind the attention she was giving me, it seemed to change after the beach trip. I was starting to question if I was just being a dreamer. I had dirty thoughts about her more often, she even showed up in a dream. I had oral sex with her in that dream, ate her teen pussy, and she sucked my cock as well. I took my shower that morning, visualizing her legs around me. Imagining her petite body in my arms while I was fucking her. The only part that actually happened was me watching my seed wash down the drain after I got myself off. All this was better than watching porn, but it was torture at times as well.
As the summer was coming to an end, there were fewer girls there. A lot of them were off to school or other things. It was down to me, April, and Shelly most nights. Sometimes we would watch movies in the rec room in the basement on the big screen. Those nights I sometimes was down there in my boxers, and they would join me in their sexy nighties.
One night I was sitting in the middle of the sofa and had Shelly and April on each side of me. We were dressed, well mostly, and under a blanket, and they both were holding onto my upper arm during the scary parts. I liked it, at one point April's hand was on my thigh, and sliding up my shorts getting close to my stuff, I liked that even better. Shelly went off to bed after the movie, and April stayed to watch the late show, talking me into watching it with her. She was getting really friendly as we did, and I was kind of anxious to go to bed so I could take care of the feelings she was giving me. But at the same time not anxious to leave the attention I was getting from her.
I left to go to the bathroom, and got us a drink, came back set them on the end table. I lifted the blanket to get back under it, and found a now naked April, she had this smile I had never seen on her before. She had slowly broken my resolve, and I just got under the blanket. Any good judgment I might have had left abandoned me when I see those perfect firm breasts, and what I could see of her pussy. She had my cock out of my fly in seconds, and my shorts and boxers off of me in minutes. I gave her little resistance, just having my cock in a females hand felt so good.
After all the teasing that summer I was powerless to stop it. I did not want to, only she could of with just one simple word, Stop! But that word never came from her. Before I knew it she was on her knees in front of me with that cute little mouth of hers full of my cock, and looking me right in my eyes with her endless blue ones. I was in her complete control but still a little worried about Shelly walking in on us. She was two floors up and is generally a heavy sleeper. I risked it anyway, I was starving for sex with a partner, and I had one about half my age, an unblemished teen body right there.
She sucked my cock like a pro, but this generation is known for getting an early start on them. The feeling I got from watching her added to the pleasure I was getting from her work. This young naked teen looking back up at me with her blue eyes melted me. I did not last long, warned her but she kept going and soon had a mouth full of my jizz, and some running down her cheeks. She was not complaining, I walked naked to get her a towel, not self-conscious about how my older body looked like to a teen anymore. She knew what she was getting she had already seen all of me.
She was back sitting on the sofa with her knees wide open when I got back with the towel. I knew what she wanted, and it was a pleasure to give it to her. I got on my knees and spread her legs, her young pussy was irresistible and already moist. It was just looking like a work of art to me. She does not seem to have a blemish anywhere on her young body. I spread her pussy lips open to first just look into her pink hole, then using my tongue I got to work. I would like to think my experience was responsible for the early moans I got out of her, and the grip she soon had on my head. I was glad I had only a slightly receding hairline and not a bald spot for her to see. I worked her pussy for a good while, I was committed to making her cum. That was something a guy my age was better at than most young ones.
Once her moans told me she was close, I concentrated on her clit and made her cum. It was beautiful, a flashback to the early days of my marriage when Doris still enjoyed sex with me. The look on her face as she came down from the high of the orgasm was precious. I wanted to fuck her, but it still seemed beyond my wildest dreams.
We were back to just cuddling under the blanket, and I loved it, she smelled so good, and I still had the taste of her pussy juice in my mouth. I figured things were coming to an end, but I was wrong.
She looked me in the eyes and said, "I am ready for you Mr. C.. I'm yours for tonight, I am no virgin, I am sure you know that, and I am on the pill. I have never had anyone but boys that just wanted to fuck me and get themselves off, I want you to make love to me as only an older man can. You have been so sweet to me all summer, I want you, and want to give you something to remember me by when I go off to school and we miss each other."
I asked her, "Are you sure you know what you are doing? You don't owe me anything for just being a dad and trying to be nice to one of my daughter's friends. I do like you in a way I probably shouldn't. I am sure you noticed that by how quickly I got hard at the beach, and now just about any time you get close to me."
"Mr. C, no more talking, I just want you. I know it might sound strange with our age difference but I have fallen for you in a special way. You are like a loving dad that is not my dad, and that makes it OK for you to make love to me. Part of my feelings are from your kindness, some are sexual, Putting that lotion on your penis at the beach made me feel like I never have with a boy."
"Your not only a man and not a boy, but you penis is bigger and thicker than I ever handled. I was so turned on after first seeing it that I woke up in bed one night having a dream that you were taking me. My panties were not just wet, but thoroughly moist, and it was not pee. It was the most erotic dream and feeling I ever had. I woke up and had to masturbate that morning. I have to experience that feeling for real while I am awake. It in some ways what I have for you feels like romantic love. When I had your penis in my hands, then in my mouth, I wanted to please you more than anyone I ever did that with. Then when you so delicately and thoroughly pleased me with your tongue and lips I was sure that we had something special going on between us."
As I already mentioned earlier in this story, I had never had any complaints about my cock. I don't remember any praises from someone I was not fucking at the time, but we were in the heat of arousal. I was aroused beyond belief, and it was a different feeling than I ever had before, and so was the sex that we had to that point. But I thought it was the fact that she was so much younger. They say there is no fool like an old fool, and didn't want to act on false feelings and take advantage of this ornery teen, who deep down I was finding out is as sweet as sugar.
I didn't want to tell her about those feelings, she was not as mature as I was, and I did not want either of our feelings mistaken for love even though there was some there. It was convinced it was mostly lust on both our parts. I did want her bad, and I no longer doubted that she wanted me.
I was going to do it right though, and I picked her up and carried her to my bedroom. I was past worrying about taking the risk of Shelly hearing or seeing us. I wanted things to be right, and humping her while trying not to fall off the sofa was not going to cut it.
I laid her down in my wife and I's marital bed, and with no guilt at all. My wife has made no effort to show any love for me in years. I have suggested meeting her on her trips for a romantic night, or for us to get away somewhere for a few days, and she always had excuses.
I went into the bathroom, came out, and saw both the most beautiful and sexy sight I have ever seen, pure seduction. This teen, a young woman to me was lying there. After her speech to me offering me her sexy body, she was now ready for me. It was like getting a preview of heaven. There was a glow to her whole naked and flawless body, all that was missing was a halo to make her an angel sent from there. She was lying back on the pillow, legs wide open for me. Her bald vagina stood out as the highlight, her opening like her face was showing excitement.
I just had to stand there a moment and take it all in. I was excited, I looked down to see my erect penis sticking straight out in front of me, it was so hard it almost hurt. I honestly don't remember the last time it felt that hard, not even at the beach.
I crawled up from the bottom of the bed, I just had to have my head in her beautiful and sweet-tasting pussy again, not to get her off necessarily, but to get us even more ready to fuck if that was even possible. I started by just kissing her on her clit, then using my tongue, I did not turn all the lights out I could see juices starting to flow as soon as I began using my tongue on, and in her.
I did not spend a lot of time in that sweet young pussy of hers, my cock was just throbbing in anticipation. My body wanted me to just shove it in her and start pumping her, but at my age, I know better That is not making love, and it creates but a short-lived memory of bliss. I wanted the memory of this dalliance to last forever.
I moved up to her side, she rolled over and she initiated the kissing part, as someone so much older that was important to me. That meant she wanted more of a memory than of just being fucked as well, and I was prepared to try to give it to her.
We became wrapped up in each other's arms, she was such a delicate and sweet-smelling lover. I ended up on my back with her looking me in my eyes as she gave me little kisses starting at my balls even sucking them a little, as she held my shaft out of the way. Then kissed the head of my penis, still cocked and ready, licking some precum off of it. From there she worked her way up and peppering my body with more kisses. When she got to and placed one on the nape of my neck, she then moved directly to my lips. She started with a short kiss, looked me in the eyes again, and then planted a lovers kiss on me. She gave me her warm tongue for a kiss that lasted so long we had to stop to take a breath. It was followed by several more. We just ravished each other.
She spoke for the first time during our lovemaking, "You are older and have made love like this before, it is such a romantic way to start, but I can't wait to be fucked, I need your cock in me now."
With that, she lowered herself to it, then reached down to put it right against her opening, and slowly lowered herself until I felt it breech and enter it. Then slowly let her pussy slide down until, she had most of it. Then she started to ride me as we maintained our eye contact.
Once she got up to a steady speed, I took time off from our gaze to look at her perfect young body. I started my visual trip where my swollen cock was entering her vagina, moved up to the pearl clit hood piercing above it. Then I moved up to the one lone matching pearl dangling from the cutest little belly button I have ever seen.
I was then in almost a trance as I watched those firm young breasts of hers moving up and down as she rode me. I moved my hands up to her nipples and they were so hard I wanted them in my mouth so bad It was like she sensed my needs. She stopped stroking to move and bent over far enough to present her nipples to my lips, and I suckled on them one at a time. She started to squirm as I did, she kissed me again dismounted my cock, and rolled over to what is Doris's seldom used side of the king bed.
She went back into the pose that she was in when I first came from the bathroom, and I moved up between her legs this time, not to munch, but to let my hard cock press between the lips of her wet and swollen pussy. She pulled her legs up even higher making her pussy more accessible, and I entered her as she put her hands on my chest and we kissed so tenderly. I stroked her slowly like it was my first entrance, but then picked up speed and depth.
Eventually, I was stroking her while looking her in the eyes as she was responding with moans and noises I have never heard before. They were as heavenly as the look on her face. We kissed some more, and I fucked her until her legs and arms were so tight around me it was hard to breathe. I hoped that meant she was close to cumming. I was right as it was then I felt her fingernails dig into my back, but felt little pain knowing it was a result of my pleasing her.
It was my turn to get off and she pulled up her legs for me so I could go even deeper in her. Her legs were pressed against my shoulders as I began to pound her as she exclaimed her delight by mostly repeating one word. "Yes, Yes, Yes, Fuck this Little Girl, Fuck her hard Daddy."
I did, I was out of breath, and her neck and upper chest were beet red when she received an explosive cum shot from me, it was a special orgasm for me, what I always seek but rarely get, it even made me light-headed as I rolled off of her.
We just lay there silently until we had our breath, hugged each other, and then got started again. It had been a long time since I had cum twice in a session and we were going for a third. After that, we had one last kiss as my now partly flaccid cock pressed against her pussy, and I could feel my two loads of seed ooze out of her vagina as we held each other tight.
I think we both passed out shortly after that. I woke up to a feeling of horror as I heard a knock on my door, and then saw my daughter's face through the crack in it. I did not know what to say or expect, would she freak out when she saw us if I said come in? I did say it, and no, it did not go down like any of that. She just said, "Are you two decent, I am, but just barely enough for the two of you, I have Breakfast in bed to deliver to my two best friends in the world."
She opened the door and blew my mind yet again, as she entered not naked nor dressed. She was wearing nothing but a sheer white apron, that covered just some of the front of her, and came up in between her perfect young breasts that stood out so profoundly. She was just so beautiful. Yes, she is my daughter, but she was just so sexy that I won't deny looking at her that time like I would any near-naked beautiful woman, she is my pride and joy.
She walked over to us and bent over slightly to place the tray of danish and coffee she brought for us on the dresser. Her bare ass and pussy are on display not but a couple of feet from her dad and BFF. I was laying there nearly naked too except of partial cover of a sheet. I had my arm over my daughter's best friend as I viewed my daughter from the rear. This took me back to the same view of her mother when we were young and new to each other.
Shelly said nothing more until she stopped halfway through the door on her way out of the room, there she was standing sideways in the sexiest pose I had ever seen any woman in. It was a side view taking the sheer apron completely out of play. It featured just one of her young firm breasts from the side, and at such a perfect angle, its hard nipple was pointing up slightly. I could not help but follow her naked profile from there down. Then stopping a few seconds to admire her sexy ass where it jutted out, and then down her beautiful long legs to her pretty little feet. A pose that would be any painter of female nudes dream model.
She said as she stood there, "I love the both of you so dearly. I am so glad I have both a great dad and such a good friend as well, one that wanted to share her body with him last night. Making him happy in a way that I would love to be able to do, but can't. Just the few moments of bliss between the two of you I caught through the crack in your door had such an effect on me."
"Yes, I seen your bliss, in a pause I took last night on my way to the bathroom, it will be with me forever. I never would have thought seeing my dad's balls swinging as his hard cock was going in and out of my friend's pussy would look so sexy to me. Maybe most surprisingly not the least disturbing. You two looked just sexy to me that way dad, the thought of it being me making love to you instead of April, did pass through my mind. I was so taken by the visual and thought of it, I just had to drop my panties, and start to take care of myself right then and there before I could go on to the bathroom to pee. Then I went back to my room to finish myself off. I awoke this morning with a desire to crawl into bed naked with the two of you, but settled for bringing you breakfast in only an apron."
"The fact that I watched my dad cheating on my mom with my friend was not even an issue. It has been clear to me she no longer wants to be with this man that has both a sexy fit body and a beautiful soul, and it is her loss, and April and I's gain."
Then she went through the door. My heart was so full of not lust, but pure fatherly love for her right then. I had not felt that way since I saw her come out of her mother's womb to take her first breath, she was both naked to the world, and beautiful to me back then too.
Nothing was ever spoken by the three of us about that night. My daughter's acceptance of me and her friend making love just proved that our children are wiser and more aware of our lives than we realize. Her confession of her thoughts about having some sexual feelings for me made me not feel so bad about the fact that I have had some visions of sex with her flash through my head. I guess our closeness, and all the nudity I have allowed her and her friends have contributed to these feelings. The girls were soon off to school, and I was missing all that nudity and inspiration for self-pleasure. I began to walk around more in the buff when alone, and imagine my harem of nude teens was there to fulfill my needs.
That night made me think about how short life is, and how important sex is to a Happy Marriage. I filed for a divorce and eventually, I hope to find a woman closer to my age. My dream girl would be to have the one that loved me as deeply as my daughter, and is as sexy as her and April.