DISCLAIMER: This story has a strong exhibitionist theme. If it is not your cup of tea, I strongly urge you not to go ahead. The author strongly recommends safe sexual practices to be followed to avoid STDs and unwanted pregnancies.
All the characters in the story are above 18 years of age.
----------
Navin woke up early in the morning. His bladder was full and he couldn't control it anymore. He has hardly ever woken up this early in his life. He got up cursing himself, "Damn!"
He headed out without locking the door and slowly walked to the bathrooms at the end of the alley. He tried to keep his eyes closed so that his sleep is not disturbed. Had he opened his eyes, he would have seen a very naked Manoj humping Harshita through her bedroom window. But, he had closed his eyes and walked ahead with only one goal: to reach the washroom to empty his bladder.
He went to the washroom, locked himself in a stall, sat on the toilet and relieved himself. Relieved of the pressure, he slumbered on the side wall of the toilet stall and dozed off.
Navin woke up to the sound of the shower in the adjacent stall. He murmured to himself, "This must be my new record: to sleep in the toilet."
Navin walked out and washed his hands. He looked at himself in the mirror. Messed up hair, dry lips. He looked like a homeless man. He sprayed a little water on his hair and adjusted it with his fingers. He gargled water. Looking back at the mirror, he felt better.
As he turned to the door, the view Navin saw was etched into his memory forever. He immediately thought that he was dreaming.
"A naked girl seductively swaying her hips, definitely a dream," he thought. Still, it felt so real. And, it looked like Harshita.
Harshita had been Navin's crush since he attained puberty. They fought in almost everything, but deep inside Navin admired her. She has been his sole fantasy for a long time. He wondered many times how she would look naked. He never thought he would experience it today.
Navin's eyes were transfixed at the naked girl's swaying ass. His lips uttered, "Harshita!"
Harshita froze.
-----
Being an inexperienced teenager, he thought women had no hair in their privates like those of porn stars. But, the reality was so different. Harshita had a dusky skin tone. The light from the washroom door silhouetted Harshita against the relatively dark inside of the washroom. Navin could see Harshita's tiny hair standing on her neck. Her hand covered her perky boobs with her palm cupping her nipples. Her champagne flute-shaped gap between her legs revealed her untrimmed bush.
"Damn, so beautiful," he thought to himself.
Unbehest to his conscience, his penis was as excited as his eyes at the sight of Harshita standing naked.
-----
Harshita froze. She immediately turned to see who it was. Navin stood staring at her naked body.
Harshita was mortified. She had fantasized about walking naked in front of her neighbours. But, she never imagined her nemesis catching her naked in one of her exhibitionist streaks.
"Fuck!" she uttered. Her mind ran a million things. Navin will tell his mother and her parents would get to know her. They will find out about her affairs with the milkman. She was terrified. "Did Naving know about her morning affair with Manoj Bhaiya," she shuddered at the thought. She told herself, "If Navin knows about Manoj Bhaiya, I am finished."
Her mind uttered, "Run," but her legs stood on the spot like it was bolted to the floor. Her hands instinctively covered her boobs leaving her pussy on display. She reasoned she cannot cover everything with her two hands.
Harshita's mind raced through a million thoughts. For starters, she did not know how much Navin had seen. "Did he see her making love to Manoj Bhaiya? Is this the first day Navin saw her naked, or he had been watching her naked for a while?" She shuddered at the thought.
The worst worry in her mind was, "Will he go rat out to his mother?" She cannot allow that to happen at any cost.
Harshita calmed herself a bit. She figured out that it is better to fix it now than be worrying about the consequences forever. She closed her eyes, took a deep breath to calm herself down, and decided to take things under her control.
-----------
Click. Harshita locked the door.
Navin studied her naked body as she closed the door. Her features were clearer now compared to the silhouetted image in the washroom. Her wet hair was neatly tied into a bun with a thin white towel. She had a thin body frame with a dusky skin tone. She had perfect curves. Her ass was perfectly round with a crack separating it.
Click. She locked the door and turned around.
Navin looked at her front now as Harshita made no effort to cover herself. Her boobs sagged a bit. Her dark areoles contrasted against her boobs. Her nipples were standing erect. Navin could see a thick bush in her pussy hiding her pussy lips. He wondered what her pussy looked like.
While Navin was busy looking at her pussy, Harshita's eyes were fixed on Navin. She stood still letting Navin devour her with her eyes. The more he was mesmerized by her, the better it was for her.
Harshita slowly walked towards Navin swaying her hips. Navin couldn't take his eyes off her pussy. Harshita gently took Navin's hands in her own and told, "I am sorry if I have offended you with my naked form."
"Sorry?" Navin was surprised. He continued, "This is the best thing I have ever seen in my life."
"This is going well," Harshita thought to herself. A smile escaped her lips, and she looked down.
Navin saw Harshita blush at his compliment. He gently pulled her hands, and she came in contact. A surge of electricity went through his body into his penis. It stood erect poking into Harshita's stomach as he hugged her.
Navin looked at the luscious lips of Harshita so close to him. Her breathing intensified. He drew his lips close to hers and their lips met for the first time. A new wave of electricity surged through his body, and his penis strained in his shorts.
Navin could no longer control himself. He grabbed her ass. Her soft ass felt so great in his hands. Harshita opened her lips, and he kissed her deeply.
Harshita's breathing went ragged. Her hands tugged his t-shirt away. Her hands ran across his chest. It travelled south on his abs onto his shorts and tugged them down. As she grabbed his fully erect penis, a thick layer of precum coated her hand. She wondered how different Navin's penis is compared to Manoj's. Navin's was slightly smaller in both length and girth than Manoj Bhaiya's. As she pulled the foreskin, he groaned loudly and another dollop of precum leaked from the tip. She wondered if young guys leaked more precum than older folks.
Harshita slowly kissed down Navin's body from his neck to his chest to his stomach all the while holding his fully erect leaking dick in her hand. His strong musk flooded her nostrils as she headed down. Her eyes were looking at Navin's erect dick.
Harshita kissed Navin's balls. Navin groaned in response to the first time a girl kissed his balls. Her kisses headed up to his shaft slowly heading towards his tip. Navin's uncircumcised penis has a tighter foreskin than that of Manoj where the foreskin slid back easily. Harshita pulled the foreskin gently to reveal his pink tip with the pee-hole. Navin was leaking profusely with her pulling his foreskin.
Harshita planted a gentle kiss on the tip of his penis. Navin shuddered at the sensation of his first kiss down there. As she withdrew, a string of precum formed between the tip of his penis to her lips. She instinctively licked her lips. "Salty," she said aloud. She squeezed her penis to fetch another dollop of pre-cum which she slowly licked. Navin watched in amazement.
Harshita did not relent. She took his penis in her mouth and started playing with the tip of her tongue. Her tastebuds were overwhelmed by his precum.
"Damn, young guys are leaking so much precum," she thought to herself.
Navin groaned loud with each flick of her tongue. The feedback made Harshita flick the tip more as she moved the shaft in and out of her mouth.
Inexperienced Navin couldn't hold longer. He burst as the floodgates opened. The first spurt hit the back of her throat with force. Harshita instinctively withdrew. The cum leaked from her mouth onto her chest. Another spurt erupted from his penis and landed on her hair. Subsequent spurts did not have the vigour and leaked on her chest and the floor. The taste of his cum coated her mouth. Harshita neither enjoyed nor disliked the taste.
"I just took a shower," Harshita mock complained. Navin had his eyes closed. He was panting like he had run a marathon. He was sweating profusely as well.
Harshita smiled at the realization that it was the second man's cum on her body this morning. "I'm a slut!" she smiled at her own thought.
Navin collapsed on the sofa, eyes closed and passed out. It was his first blow-job, after all.
Harshita looked at her own self in the mirror. Her body was like a porn star after a gangbang. Cum dripping from her hair, cum on her chin, on her boobs. "Definitely I need another shower," she thought. She took another towel and headed out to the washroom naked.
-to be continued