"Who's driving?"
"I'm available." Mace Belmont chuckled at his aunt, goofing off by thrusting his hips, "Hey, I'm a good driver." Boasting in front of not only the twin McKellen sisters but their hot mom Josie. Everyone had changed clothes and was convening in their front yards to decide what vehicle they needed to take in order to fit everyone in. Dog in tow did not help. Leaving her baby at home unattended was still a tense move. Rotten was too energetic over reuniting with his super-hot master after two weeks away from her. Piper had left her pooch with her sister's family until she got settled in here in Nashville. It was better safer than sorry. Her furniture was too nice to become any chew toy destroy.
"Gutter!" Piper slapped her nephew's forehead. "Balls!" She then dropped her hand down to bag him in the nuts. Humility was needed around the girls. Josie pouted at his discomfort thinking to herself that she hoped his balls weren't too bruised, like his ego. The twins didn't laugh, they simply felt his pain and appealed to his eye contact as if they were hurt just as much.
"Sorry!" He laughed then shook his head negatively to inform the McKellen's that he really wasn't. Nice cumback! "You look amazing Mrs. McKellen." He changed the subject. Josie was wearing a short red dress with a flared-out skirt that showed off her well-kept legs. Cleavage less than her usual display but still offering a nice window to her soul. No bra offered nipple reaction in a pleasing look at me fashion. Mace looked. The twins were noting his eyes checking their mother out. Dakota in particular too it to heart telling herself that she was hotter than her mom, so why were guys always choosing her to compliment or flirt over. It wasn't fair. At that moment she was dead set on being sexier than her mom and making guys take notice more. Same build just shorter.
"I feel amazing. This is one of Piper's dresses, she loaned me a few."
"More where that came from Hottie." Piper hugged her bestie from the side. "Just raid my closet whenever you want for dresses that fit you. We can even go shopping if we find some outlets that looks promising on the way."
"Can we mom?" Dakota perked up wearing her own dress but more conservatively. Her dress was a tighter flower print of mostly white with tiny purple buds all over it. Unknown to her mother she too went without panties. After witnessing her mom show off her interior earlier on the front porch she was determined to be as free as she was. She still blushed feeling the light breeze in moist areas.
"Please mom???" Sable reacted just as eager to get new clothing. "I don't have anything to wear to school on Wednesday besides that camisole I borrowed. Piper did get Carl to initiate a dress code omission on Wednesday's. So cool by the way Piper."
"They allow that kind of clothing at your school?' Mace winced with surprise.
"Like Sable said, blame your aunt." Josie grinned sheepishly, "She got our Principal Carl to be open minded one day a week. Yes, girls if we find a store where we can go spend your father's money." Saying that she gnashed her teeth eying her home. She knew how strapped for cash they were of late. With the girl's birthday coming up though, dresses would be ideal gifts.
"Noooo!" Piper replied with resistance, "I said today was all on me. I'm buying."
"That could be hundreds of dollars Piper. I can't..." Josie finds a palm over her mouth to quiet her down. The same hand that pelted her nephew's nut sack. A subtle scent she inhaled and got crazy wet beneath her skirt. Her nymphomaniacal past tendencies were returning thanks to Piper's encouragement, stalking an all-new arena of desires.
"She's rich. Let her spoil you, guys." Mace chuckles. "I might even pitch in if I see anything I think you girls might look good in."
All eyes were on Mace suddenly. "You're dressing us now?" Sable giggled.
"Better than undressing us." Piper mumbled. Josie snickered at her friends hidden reply.
"Let's talk about this on the road, the day's not getting any younger. I say we take your SUV Piper. Honestly, I don't want dog hair and the smell in mine." Josie winced then looked at Rotten whispering, "No offense." The pup just whined and panted up at his new friend in red. His snout gently lifting her skirt Josie had to ease aside. "None of that." After Rotten licking her pussy a day ago when she was so drunk and not realizing it was him, she was nervous of Piper discovering her pup's mischief. Hoping to avoid teasing and a bad rep for actually cumming on the puppy's tongue she resorted to biting it now. Her's, not Rotten's!
"Makes sense. I just don't want to leave my baby out. He needs to get some air, maybe we can take him to the park?"
"I know just the park." Dakota lifted up and down excitedly on her pumps, her 34B tits jiggling. Even Josie realized her daughter was not wearing a bra. Sighing Josie just let it go. Technically, only Sable was smart enough to wear underwear. She wore a denim blue jean skirt with buttons down the front, accompanied by a lavender pull over shirt that revealed one shoulder in a drop off over her left bicep. A strapless bra beneath it kept her shoulder sensuous. Hair in a ponytail offered a delightful neckline to show off a thin chain necklace. Both girls had dark sunglasses. Heck, everyone had glasses in their hair, including Mace.
"Big Park?" Mace grew curious.
"Huge! Fountains, statues, bushes in the shapes of animals, even the river is connected to it."
"Let me grab my frisbee we can play keep away from Rotten." Mace sprinted back to his Dodge Ram and climbed in to retrieve the frisbee and Rotten's goggles just for laughs. Before hopping down he sprayed on some cologne. Black muscle shirt showing off his rib cage down to his belt loops and pale denim cargo pants was his main attire. The stud was certainly studly.
Returning to the group as Piper opens the hatchback of her SUV he coaxes Rotten up inside and settles him in. Piper points at her pup, "Don't eat the upholstery." Rotten woofed at her and shied away from her index threat as the hatch came down sealing him in. The twins waiting at the passenger doors wondered how the seating arrangement might go which led to Mace sliding in on Dakota's side to rest in the middle, Dakota on his left, Sable on his right. Josie in the front passenger seat hooked her seatbelt up as Piper joined her behind the wheel.
"Buckle up!" Josie looked back to see the smiles on her daughters faces. They were giddy being next to adorable Mace. He had his eyes trained on Josie, however. With a wink Josie points at the young man, "That means you too."
Looking around him for the center belt he reached under Dakota for the buckle making her squeal at how close his hand was to her bare bottom, her skirt riding high in back, knuckle caressing cheek even he blushed. Turning right he found the clip under Sable who lifted up honorably to let him locate it. Once hooked up Piper tilted her rearview mirror to look back at Mace. "Keep an eye on things please." She meant Rotten, but he still grinned at the girls.
"No problem."
Piper looked to Josie with a stressful smirk, "This is going to be an exhausting day."
"It's going to be fun."
"Yep!" Piper backed out and headed through a set of the stone gates sponsoring their housing division of Hooters Crossing. Destination... good question.
"What's the name of this park you mentioned Dakota?" Piper called back looking in the mirror to see that everyone was behaving. So far so good. Even Rotten was dangling his head toward the window on Sable's side to catch the breeze over the back of her seat.
"Cumberland Park, it's by the river. We should have brought our bikini's."
"I don't think we have time today for swimming Dakota." Josie spoke up, "Maybe next time. Let's just settle for a leisurely walk and let Rotten get some exercise."
"I'm good." She answers back. As soon as both Piper and Josie face forward Dakota fiddles with the hem of her skirt. While fairly short it could still be shorter in her mind, she wanted to show off her legs to Mace. Sunglasses down masking his eyes he was already checking her out peripherally as it was. Sharing flirty grins at one another he brushed his knuckles against her outer thighs just to make her brighten up. Each time he did she dared herself to slide her skirt a bit higher.
To his right Sable glanced over at their chemistry and pouted, this skirt game was making her uneasy. She knew her sister was becoming more and more comfortable in her skin and that made Sable jealous. In a bold move Sable put her hand on Mace's leg making his attention waver.
Squinting at Sable, Dakota mumbled, "Bitch." It was on, Dakota put her own hand on his other leg but higher up than Sable's. Competitive wiles led the girls to ease higher and higher until their hands were right along his inner thighs. Right before their eyes they saw his erection return to full majesty. He sat back, arms folded like a King with a shit eating grin.
Up front Josie gave directions toward Cumberland Park keeping her busy watching traffic. This allowed the girls to roam with unexpected courage. Mace wondered just how close their hands were going to get to his boner. Sadly, Josie turned in her seat to look back and both girls retracted their grips to feign innocence. From there it became Josie's show as she looked at his erection dead on and chose to make conversation.
"So, Mace, I hear your family raises horses."
"My dad does. Mom just rides on occasion. She's not as into them as my dad."
"I love riding."
Ego striking Mace grins and looks at her over his sunglasses, "I bet you do."
"When was the last time you were ever on a horse mom?" Dakota rolled her eyes.
"When you two were babies. Your father and I went trail riding in the hills. Your great grandfather Milo on my mom's side had two horses back then before he passed away."
"Do you own a horse Mace?" Sable asked.
"Sure do, his name is Hungover." He laughed. Josie flared her eyes laughing. "He likes beer."
"Are you even old enough to drink?"
"Come on... telling a teenager not to drink is like telling him to do his homework. Not gonna happen. My dad lets me drink all the time."
"Your father does lots of things he shouldn't." Piper chimed in, "Don't ask, just know I know."
"I probably do too." He chuckles.
"Things you shouldn't do?" Dakota winks playfully then shies a bit, her shades now on top of her head.
"That too. I meant what my dad is capable of. Being rich he gets away with a lot." Both girls grew curious over the mention of wealth but said nothing further on it.
"Oh! Turn left up here. Follow the river signs." Josie broke away to guide Piper. One last peek at his crotch Josie turned to face forward. The second she did Mace made his move. With one hand on each of the girl's legs he rubbed their inner thighs. Eyes bulging, they tensed up the closer his rub moved higher. Skirts ruffling against his wrist he just sat back and stared straight ahead.
Getting too close to paradise Sable had to cordially stop his hand. Dakota was less stressed and felt his pinky lightly touch her bikini area, finally she too panicked and paused his hand but did not remove it. Holding it there she just sat with a sheepish grin letting him know she wanted it close, just not full contact.
Sable trembled at seeing Dakota shamelessly flirt in such a manner, finally she just let his hand go and held her breath. Sure, enough he took the bait, feeling his knuckle brush across the front of her panties. After three gentle flybys she had to guide his hand away with her own blushing grin. He knew she was warmed up. The problem amounted to her thoughts of Travis. She really did like the pervert. Yet, the attention of Mace's exploration did strike her fancy. The remainder of the drive to the park all three of them behaved. Well, Mace's pinky teased Dakota's pubic hair but resisted touching anything lower. She was sharing a set of sparkling eyes at him and finally let his hand go to see if he might try. Gentleman! Still, she rubbed his leg just as much. So close to that tentpole but fearing her mother looking back.
"There's the entrance." Josie pointed, "The park is busy today."
"Beautiful sunny day, why wouldn't it be?" Piper entered and found a parking spot rather quickly as another car pulled out. Once parked with the engine shut off Piper sighed, "It's bigger than I envisioned."
"You're telling me." Josie turned to smirk at Mace, catching Dakota's hand on his upper thigh. A flip of her tongue toward her mother Josie frowned but said nothing. His hand beneath her skirt concerned her but again, mom was mum. A glance left she noted Sable beet red and holding his knuckles on her own thigh, not nearly as high up as Dakota, however. One final look at Dakota she saw up her skirt to see pussy. It was mom's turn to roll her eyes.
Dakota daring herself nudged Mace's pinky lower until it brushed her clit. Reacting to its tickle she immediately removed it and straightened up. Mace smirked and nodded before a puckered lower lip. Refusing to blush like her sister Dakota snuck a knuckle brush over his erection. That alone was met with a razz of his own.
Ignoring her bestie's curiosity, Piper just patted her steering wheel once and said, "Let's walk." A glance into her rearview mirror of her own Piper knew deep down that the girls were as much at fault as Mace, so for now she let things ride.
Everyone exiting the vehicle Mace took it upon himself to get Rotten from the back and let Dakota shut the hatch. Joining everyone Piper locked up using her remote and they progressed down a sidewalk path out into the park. People were jogging, riding bikes, walking their own dogs, etc. Super-hot women were shamelessly sunbathing in bikinis that probably should have been illegal but somehow, they were getting away with it. Tops undone and lying fanned open beneath their breast swells were certainly eye catching.
Piper noticed that as much as Mace did. She was liking Nashville more and more. Nudging Josie to notice Piper brought it up via whisper, "Did you notice the girls out there soaking up the sun? String bikinis! Topless even! We should come out here and sunbathe. If they can get away with it, we can."
"From this angle they look nude. Wow! I'm game."
"Uh oh! Look!" Piper noticed a pair of police officers walking toward the string of ten young ladies, likely college girls. "Busted! Let's see what happens. Mace? You and the girls go on we'll catch up in a minute."
"Ahhh maaan! I want to see the hotties get arrested for indecent exposure." So did the twins hugging his arms. Josie pointing at the twins with a stern expression they exhaled their disappointment and led Mace and Rotten away. "Let's go Ladies." Mace took advantage of the freedom, both girls following his lead skipping as if bubbly twelve-year old's.
"They like Mace." Josie sighed.
"Mace likes them too. We're both in trouble."
"I'm not so sure yet. Sable seems infatuated with Travis Herbert, and Dakota is toying with the idea of a boy in school named Angus."
"Josie!" Piper hooked her bestie by the arm, "When we were that age did, we only like one boy?"
"OH GOD NO! I lusted after twenty different boys."
"Only twenty? Slut! I only I recall ten. Even though I was a lady back then. Look out ten men now." She laughed. The ten girls being abused made her pause in thought. "The kids are almost out of harm's way." Alone at last on both parts. Oncoming foliage blocked their view from one another. Once gone Piper threw her arms around Josie's shoulders from behind and they watched the inevitable.
"I knew it was too good to last. Those cops are going to tell them to... " A nightstick poised between thighs a girl yelps and lifts up rolling over, her 36C's in full view. The other officer used his own nightstick to press in on the girl's left tit. Discussion unheard the girl rolled flat on her back and lifted her cheeks. Right before Piper and Josie's eyes they saw the girl slip her bikini bottoms down over her legs and off. Dangling them over the first officer's stick he drew her bottoms up to his hand then clutched them sniffing. "Well, now... that was unexpected."
"Maybe we shouldn't be spying on this."
"Nope! That's police harassment. Sexual harassment too." Piper held their ground. "Let's just see what else... " Right before their eyes the other nine girls also set out removing their bikinis.
"Oh God! What are we witnessing?"
"Hang in there, Pussycat." Piper hugged Josie closer, leaning in cheek to cheek. "The ladies are giggling so this can't be too bad."
"What about the people walking by? This is... are the girls masturbating?"
"I do believe they are." Both officers selected girls out of the ten and crouched, using their nightsticks to press into the wet vulvas of their chosen targets. Moans were filling the air as they watched. "They must know one another. Do the cops here in Nashville always... let girls get away with things like that? For that matter, the girls let cops subject them to... holy crap."
The first girl to remove her bottoms was incredibly flexible, guiding her long legs back behind her head. Officer Height Stick as Piper referred to him used his stick to fuck the girl straight down into her cunt. From Piper and Josie's angle they could literally see the stick moving in and out of her like a huge dick. The cries of pleasure out of the girl's mouth only made the others join her symphony. People all around were stopping to see this, standing next to Piper.
"That's common." A man and woman stopped in their jog. "The city is pretty fucked up these days. The cops get away with whatever they want. So do firefighters, hell anyone to be honest."
"Really?" Josie spoke up, "The schools?"
"Oh, yes!" The man chimed in, "Our son goes to Marquette. Hell, they engage in sex right there in the hallway and no one punishes them." Piper wincing at his comment looked to his obvious wife. She pouted over it and warned her hubby that they should stop talking and go. She looked terrified. "Enjoy your show ladies." The couple moved on.
"How do they get away with things like that?" Piper asked a man on his bike.
"No idea! I just get a kick out of the fact so many gals get to flaunt it. Even when the cops don't torture them, I see women laying out pretty as they please all of the time. What's sad is I just know some of the girls are way too young to be doing it. I once caught my neighbors fifteen-year-old masturbating in front of adult men on a bench up the walkway there. They even gave her money just for the show. Sick world. I told her mom, and she just flashed me her own tits. Hell, the mom sunbathes in her front yard naked, cars driving by."
"I'm so glad my girls are not witnessing this." Josie patted Piper's arms to release her. "Let's move on Piper." Hearing screaming orgasms Piper paused to watch the officer who had fucked the girl with his nightstick make another girl suck the white cum streaks left on it. His partner was even on his knees fingering two girls at once.
"I wonder how old these girls are." Piper asked, holding Josie by her hand to prevent her walking off. Three college looking guys who hovered behind Piper, looking at her as much as the obvious young sluts out in the grass spoke up.
"I know three of those ten." A handsome young man nodded the second Piper noticed them checking her out. "Harvester-Kent girls. Two are seventeen, the other eighteen. Cheerleaders. The other girls I'm not certain but I'm sure they're all high school age."
"Wow!"
"You're pretty hot." A second studly young man smirked, "You should lay out there."
"I'll consider that." Piper chuckled, "Right, Bestie?"
"They can even oil me up." Josie flirted. "Someday soon we'll pop out for that. I have my daughters with me right now so I can't get too wild."
"But we are wild." Piper wiggled her brows then hiked her skirt to moon them.
"Nice! That ass if stellar."
"Stellar? Who says stellar these days?" Piper laughed, "Thanks though. So how are these cops getting away with this?"
"All I know is those girls get away with whatever they want too. I think there's a pact or something. I heard that dad mention Marquette High School. The shit that goes on there should be a huge scandal but it all flies under the radar."
"Interesting."
"Can we please move on Piper?" Josie was tugging on her arm, nervous of her daughters returning.
"Not until you moon them too." Piper insisted with a playful grin. Josie reacted just that fast and lifted her red dress to share in her own stellar performance. "Isn't her bottom beautiful. I call it Enterstellar." Piper goosed Josie's butt pucker making her jump with a squeal. "Be on the lookout for us in the future. Later our fellow ASStroNUTS." She made a jerking off gesture then the two of them finally moved on.
"We need to get out more and observe things Piper. That back there was crazy. Seventeen-year old's even."
"We both know that the youth these days all start young. To be honest here, I think the only part that was wrong was the cops using the girls. If it were just the girls alone playing, I'd be fine. My gut tells me that if we reported those cops it would either go on deaf ears or backlash against us. It's better we just... turn the other cheek until we know more."
"Those voyeurs mentioned the local schools. That's worrisome."
"Is it? We're going to flaunt it at Horton-Dexter, so we won't be any different than them. Carl has to know more than he lets on."
"Maybe! I just don't want to pry Piper. Carl has enough going on in his personal life worrying about his wife's health. I say we just experiment on our own until Carl scolds us."
"Deal!" More screaming orgasms behind them then a crowd of spectators applauding paused the ladies enough to look back. "I can't believe how easily spectators cope. Seeing all of this makes me want to test the waters and see what I can get away with."
"Me too. But not around my girls. Lord, I hope they don't think they can start acting out like this. Or us for that matter."
"You have to let them grow up Pussycat. In less than two weeks you really can't put your foot down anymore. Not unless you want to push them away."
"I know! It's not easy. I really don't want them to be like me. At least they made it this far without losing their virginities at the age I did. I'm so proud of their journey."
"I need to tug the reins over Mace though. I saw how he was teasing the girls."
"They were teasing him back. You're right, I know I have nothing to say. At least Mace is only in town a week or two, right?"
"I don't know. As much as I want my freedom, I kind of like having at least one family member close. I might let him stay as a trial basis."
"He can be here for the birthday party. Henry and I really need to get busy on that."
"Glad to help Pussycat. Anything you need I'm here."
"Thank you, Bestie. I really am glad we hit it off so well. I have no friends. Now that Henry and I are working things out in a favorable light I see good things in our future."
"Why don't we continue to just let the kids go play with Rotten. You and I need to talk about my new job." Piper wiggled her brows mischievously, "We have our cells handy we can text them when we're ready to go."
Josie grinned sheepishly as Piper led her along faster, "Right! All work no play." A nice bench with bushes behind it seemed like a nice place to sit and chat. For starters that is. Seated up close and kicking heels off they relaxed and let the world go by.
"Where were we? Oh, talking about boys in our youth."
"I lust after every guy I see these days."
"That makes two of us. I don't know about you but I'm going to fuck every guy in sight. Free at last."
"Are we really going to abide by our no underwear rule on the job?"
"I told you my plan to wear panties for two weeks until I get a handle on the people there. Once I know, I'm good to go, those panties never leave home. You know your people better than I do; can we get away with that? I mean look what we just learned about the other schools around us. If they can get away with certain things we can."
"I think the male teachers would love to see us. Roman of course is going to chase me that much more. I have to watch out what I do around him with students though. He is kind of old-fashioned."
"What about Roger? Dundee, was it? He's rather cute."
"He flirts with me all the time. I could easily bed him down. I honestly don't know why I haven't. If I could I know your supermodel ass could."
"Good! I plan on teasing Roger hard this coming week. As long as I can keep Carl at bay, I'm going to be one open slut."
"Students, Piper. We both need to calm our hormones. Not only is it illegal to fraternize with our students, but the ages are so varied."
"You told me 70 % or more of the male seniors were 18."
"Yes, and they are, but that doesn't mean all in one class. I... we'll just play it by ear."
"Tell me the truth Josie Hosie... how many 18-year-old Seniors do you fantasize about."
"Oh my gosh... 40% out of the 70%." She giggled.
"Then I say tease like hell and land a few of those fantasies. My gut says we're going to be okay. Like I said, the other schools seem to be doing what they want. We really should look into that more. I guess we do have sporting events coming up, don't we?"
"We'll see. God, I love how bold you are. You make me wet as hell. Yes, the Lafayette football game. Marquette then Harvester-Kent after that. Wellington will end the season."
"Well, then that's when we learn what we can. Lord, I have so much to do just getting started here. I... ugh! I don't want to think at all right now... seeing as we're both wet... wanna go play in the bushes?"
"Absolutely! As long as there's no poison ivy."
Taking her by the hand Piper leads her behind their bench and into hiding. Stripping one another's dresses off in the heat of passion, into the grass they drop to make out like bandits. It was pretty safe to say people walking by heard a few orgasms. Some even stopped to absorb the tongue lashings in their 69 frolics. If those cheerleaders could play, so could they.
********
Much farther out into the park in the open grass the McKellen twins sat in the sun watching Mace whip his frisbee out into the air, Rotten giving chase. The sun sweltering down on them the girls fanned themselves trying to keep from whining about the heat.
Waiting on Rotten to catch the frisbee and bring it back Mace glanced at the girls hoping for more flirtations. Dakota had her mind all over that possibility while Sable just fidgeted. Thinking of ways to tease Mace, Dakota chose to lay down in the grass on her tummy while facing away from him, upper body hoisted by her elbows. Sable knew exactly what her sister had in mind. In laying there she kicked off her pumps to go barefoot, legs kicking back and forth at the knee.
"Kota! You're not wearing panties."
"So! If mom can do it, we can do it. Why are you wearing any?"
"Because... I'm not... as brave as you are."
"Try it. It feels good when a breeze rolls up under your skirt." From Mace's angle he saw everything, Dakota's skirt hid nothing. Curvy ass cheeks and an extremely tight clam said hello.
"Fffffffuck!" He muttered seeing her so vividly, "I'm definitely staying in Nashville until I tap that... them. I wonder if I can get both of them at the same time."
With Rotten getting his attention Sable pouted and sat up reaching awkwardly under her skirt. Looking around for safety she took the risk of peeling her own panties off. Mace caught her after hurdling the frisbee again to free up his attentiveness. In sitting there in the grass, he saw Sable fighting to get her underwear over her shoes. It was hilarious. Once she realized he was looking she squealed and tried to put them back on.
Dakota busted up laughing and rolled over on her back legs parted to let Mace get a glimpse before she rolled back over. People walking by had to see them and pause, mostly skateboarder boys their age. Mace waved at them then pointed at the twins just for meanness, sharing a thumbs up with them. Luckily none of them were bold enough to come talk. Dakota sat up leaning on her hands and saw her onlookers deciding to flutter her fingers to be sociable. Teasing Mace was one thing, teasing others... was equally as fun.
Zipping past Mace this time, Rotten ran straight for the girls. Chuckling at his pup's deviation Mace knew he wanted the girls to play too. Shrieking at his stampede into them Dakota rolled away with her back to Rotten while Sable fought with her undies. Moving to her hands and knees prepping to get up Dakota's skirt blew higher in a gust of wind. Thrashing the frisbee around Rotten accidently slapped the disc against Dakota's bare bottom. Yelping at her paddler's unexpected assault she sat back down in a hurry. Not only was Mace busting a gut but so were the onlooking young men. It was pretty funny. Not to her of course. Even Sable got the giggles.
"Did that make you miss daddy?"
"SHUT UP! Now I really wish daddy would spank me." She swatted her sister trying not to laugh herself. With Mace walking toward them they waited to see him grab the frisbee from Rotten and hurl it out as far as he could throw it. Once free of canine breath Mace sat down between them.
"That was kind of sexy in a twisted kind of way. Nice ass by the way. Did Rotten leave a red mark?"
"Maybe! Want to look for me?" She batted her eyes at him. The boys moving on felt the fun was over.
"She likes you." Sable nudged him from the side.
"What and you don't?" He nudged back, "Why did you put those back on?"
"Chickened out." Sable pouted, "Now they're twisted up my butt crack."
"Just take them off. I've already seen what they're hiding when you got hung up on your shoes." He chuckled.
"I DARE YOU!" Dakota leaned forward with a squint.
"You really want me to?" She bit her lower lip awaiting his hopefulness.
"YES!" Both Mace and Dakota laughed. With a deep inhale and nervous fingers Sable lays back enough to reach beneath her denim skirt and peel them back down her thighs. At her feet she fought yet again until Mace had sympathy and grabbed her left foot lifting it into the air. Even as he unhooked her foot he looked straight down into her wetness. Adrenalin surging, she went so far as to then lift her right foot for him to finish the job.
"Better?" He smirked.
"Yes. I can't believe I did that." Her eyes were trembling, palms sweaty, "That you did that."
"I can. For the record, we did it." He chuckled and sniffed her panties holding them right up to his nostrils. Sable's jaw dropped and tried to steal them back. He easily evaded her and rolled over Dakota making her fall to her back in a resounding squeal. Sable's panties in between his lips, he smothered Dakota in the thin garment sharing in their scent. Dakota busted up laughing and tried to shift profiles repeatedly to avoid her sister's lace. Laying on her as he growled laughing, she nearly peed.
With her knees to both sides of Mace and her skirt up his tented inseam was laying directly over her bare snatch. Outside of her father she had never once had a boy on top of her, even if he was fully dressed. A few days back while the twins were wrestling with their dad, Dakota in a loose towel succumbed to hijinks employed by her sister. Henry fell directly over her in goofing off. Sly on Kota's part that towel was removed, and she lay naked beneath her studly father. Even he had his crotch directly rubbing over Dakota's pussy. Two males in a few days' time. Yay Kota!
As fast as Mace straddled her, both her legs to each side of him, he opted to feign shyness and pulled away fast falling backwards on to his own back. Sable charged him in hopes of wrestling her underwear away from his grasp and sat on him, her denim skirt rolled up slightly. In her quest she hadn't realized that she too was literally sitting on his crotch until she felt it rub across her thighs. He used her shock to tease her, planting her own panties up to her nose making her flinch. Dakota was laughing her ass off. Both girls had just felt something rock hard taunting their bare pussies and it felt amazing. Sable in Mace's keep away pose slid her inner thighs repeatedly over his swollen crotch, the friction making her whimper. She rather enjoyed her perch even if she played it off as just trying to reclaim her undies.
"Give them back." Sable whined while laughing with them. It wasn't until Rotten pounced into their wrestling match that the fun found an end. Handing Sable her undies she crawled off to hide her face.
"First time on a big one." Dakota razzed her sister.
"As if you've ever been on one." She retaliated. Sitting up Mace put two and two together. Between both girls they envisioned Mace's reflection in Piper's oven door. Seeing and touching were two different things.
"You're both virgins, aren't you?" He already suspected as much but this would be their own confirmation. Blushing heavily both girls went quiet. "Hey! Don't be embarrassed it's all good."
"Are you a virgin Mace?" Dakota was first to ask.
"Ehh! Sorry, I'm not. I mean I've only been with two girls one time each so it's not like I'm that experienced." He blushed a tad himself, "But, hey I'm willing to help you guys out."
"I'm not ready." Sable insisted wrapping her underwear into a wristband as if a pro. "I... like Travis."
"He's a lucky guy." Mace felt honorable. "What about you?"
Dakota shrugs, "I have options. I'm just waiting until the time is right."
"Does that mean we can't tease each other more?" He chuckled.
"NOOOO!" Both girls giggled, Sable blowing their cover with, "We saw you jerking off in the kitchen."
"I know! I couldn't resist. You two are too sexy." It was better to not mention his lust for Josie.
"She saw Travis jack off by Piper's pool. Not our first time."
"You watched him a little too." Sable offered a miserable glare. "We both watched da..." Clamming up quickly both girls bulged their eyes. Studying them Mace had to know.
"Watched who? Tell me, I swear to never tell another soul."
"We caught our dad jacking off having phone sex with his co-worker Tessa. You can't tell Mom it would crush her if she knew we watched him."
"Daddy didn't see us." Sable quickly pointed out before he presumed the worst.
"Wow! If it makes you feel better, I've watched my sister Monet masturbate a couple times too. I think all of her Oh, God's led her into seminary school." He chuckled. With Rotten now lying next to them panting heavily he decided to change the topic, "Rotten needs a drink. Let's walk to this river."
"Fountain is closer." Dakota stood up straightening her skirt, Mace joining her to offer a hand to Sable. Waiting for Mace to clip on Rotten's leash the girls headed back toward the path. Reaching the bend of trees, they discovered a gathering of men. Approaching the group of eight, two of them the skateboarder boys who watched Dakota and Sable earlier, they heard yelping.
"What's going on?" Mace asked.
"Listen." One boy smiled. So, they did. Instantly evident that girly sex was going down Dakota and Sable dropped their jaws and concluded that it was their mom moaning and Piper giggling. While in awe Rotten pulled free of Mace's grip and burrowed through the bushes. Every guy standing there laughed as they heard screams.
"ROTTEN!! BAD BOY!! BAAAAAAAAAAD!"
"SO BAAAAAAAD!" More moans from both.
Mace took it upon himself to motion the congregation to move on. The twins stood there with arms folded waiting on their mom and Piper to get dressed and make their way out of the bushes. That took ten minutes and a couple squealing orgasms on the part of both women. Finally, emerging from the thicket and seeing the kids they both gnashed their teeth, then laughed at their being busted.
A cold nose broke the irony of the situation. "STOP THAT!" Piper swatted back at Rotten sniffing her from behind. He listened, of course, Josie had to repeat her besties command. Rotten was equal opportunity. Both Josie and Piper were now aware of one another's being licked by puppy. Side by side they had let Rotten taste their already released juices. Once Piper allowed it, Josie did. Shameless whores!
"You didn't hear that." Piper pointed, "I know you didn't see it."
"I did at your house when I first got to Nashville." Mace laughed.
"WHAAAAT?" Both twins dropped their jaws, "MOOOOOOOOM!"
"Hey! Mind your beeswax."
"Anyone up for shopping?" Piper ran interference.
"There's a Gap a few blocks from here." Josie suggested as her daughters decided to hug her, all forgiven. "Aw! Mommy loves her babies."
"So, it's a Baby Gap?" Piper chuckled.
"No! But it's funny they call it, Cumberland Gap."
"CUMberland Gap!" Mace had to ridicule the name sexually.
Piper winked at Josie with a playful shrug, "A Gap is a Gap."
Rotten found the fountain.
A slurp was a slurp.
Just ask Piper and Josie.