Author's notes: This is a work of fiction regarding consenting adults, group sex, sexual enslavement and other erotic things along those lines. If you do not like those topics please move along.
Thank you.
*****
"Go have fun in your new dress!" Jimmy encouraged giving the lower zipper a tug a couple inches upward.
I found a relatively attractive man, bringing him to the dancefloor and grinding against him while Steve and his bandmates watched. The same bandmates who'd watched my show earlier that day! The guy I was dancing with ground against my ass, gripping my hips tight while whispering in my ear how hot he thought I was. I responded by rubbing his cock through his jeans and kissing him forcefully. I wondered if he could taste the guy from earlier? I was having a great time, getting touched and felt up by a few guys on the dance floor and giving the guys in the band quite a show. Then I noticed a group of guys come into the bar, one of which I recognized immediately as a main boss from work! He wasn't just a supervisor, he was my bosses, bosses' boss! I quickly headed backstage where the band was on a break.
"Well someone is having fun!" Steve said as I closed the door quickly behind me.
"There's a guy out there I know," I panted, "from work, he's a bigwig!"
"What does he look like?" Steve asked showing real concern.
I managed to point him out to Steve, who said that he and Jimmy would handle it. That left me behind the stage with the four guys from the band. I felt incredibly vulnerable but very at ease with them.
"Hey Alicia," one of the guys finally said, "I'm getting married in a couple weeks and want a great bachelor party, care to join us?"
"Why Baby," I said feeling my confidence return, "need a stripper?" I stood up, slithering my hips while running my hands over my body, "I can ride a pole like a champ!"
"Oh, that we've seen!" One of them remarked.
"Yeah I was thinking something like that," he said getting up and walking toward me, "or something a bit more carnal should we say?" His hand touched my thigh, then slid slowly upward. "It would just be the guys and I," he said looking around at them, "you could handle us, right?"
"You bet your ass I could!" I replied slowly humping his hand.
The other three were now around me as well, their hands touching me at will while I rubbed whatever hard cock I could reach. The zipper on my dress finally came all the way down as the four of them touched me any way they wanted. I kissed one, then another, then a third while a pair of fingers slipped into my pussy. I was so close to orgasm, then Steve came back in!
"Alright you lot," he said playing at being upset, "we've got a set to finish and Alicia here needs to get out of here." None of us were happy about it but, then I remembered the threat to my job was sitting out in the bar area. "Head out the side door," Steve said as I reluctantly zipped my dress closed, "you'll be all set."
"I thought that was a dead end?" I said somewhat coherently.
"Nah," Steve said with a smile and a grab of one of my boobs, "trust me!"
"Okay." I replied heading out the door and back into the bar area.
Not looking up, I managed to make my way across the dancefloor to the side door. This was the same door I'd brought a guy through the week before to give him a bj! I was sure it was a dead-end, but I could be wrong. Let's face it, I wasn't exactly paying a lot of attention to my surroundings that night. Making my way out the door, I felt the cool air hit my body through the light material of the dress. The doorway led to a walkway made with large pavers around a corner. I was looking over my shoulder as I rounded the corner walking straight into the guy I was trying to avoid! Not only that, he was directly underneath a light, meaning he could see all of me!
"Well hello Alicia!" he said grabbing my hips and holding me tightly.
"Uh, um," I couldn't find my words, "hi Mr. Johnston. I can explain!"
"No need to explain," he said almost brashly, dripping of arrogance, "I saw a video of you already, as well as quite a few pictures." I felt light headed as he spoke. "I never would have expected such things from you," I said as the back of his right hand glided up my body, over my breast, to the zipper at my neck, "but the video was quite compelling." He slowly pulled the zipper down, revealing more and more of my body with each passing inch. "And the size of that cock you had in your ass," he said pulling the zipper smoothly over my tumbling stomach, "you seemed to really enjoy being used like that."
I couldn't even form words. This guy was basically a department head, I didn't think he'd even know who I was, and now he was undressing me while discussing how he'd seen my slutty pictures and videos! Jimmy and Steve had set me up! I wasn't sure if I should be pissed or not. What was definitely the case was the fact that I was not in control at this moment.
"Why don't you put those hands to good use," he said as the zipper finally reached the bottom, "and undo my pants."
The stretch lace pulled open revealing my bare body to him as my hands fumbled with his belt. Finally, I freed his jeans, pulling his zipper down, reaching inside finding his impressive cock.
"I'd kiss you right now," he smirked, "but I don't know what's been in that mouth tonight."
"A few guys kissed me," I said playfully, "and a couple cocks as well."
"You're going to add one more cock to that total then." He said as he pushed me downward.
Squatting in front of him, I quickly took his cock into my mouth. His hands quickly went to my head, intertwining with my hair as he started to fuck my mouth.
"I heard you like it this way!" He grunted as he kept up his pace. "I wasn't a fan of the idea at first," he said pushing deeper and deeper into me, "but I gotta say I could get used to this!"
I could feel the drool slowly creeping down my chin as he continued to assault my mouth with his thick cock. His grunts got louder as he thrust harder into my face.
"I never would have figured you for a slut," he grunted, "half naked in a bar getting your face fucked." His words cut through me but excited me to no end, I couldn't help it, my hands went to my boobs and pussy as he continued. "Take my cock slut!" He hissed. "Suck it!"
His cock swelled in my mouth, both his hands clamped on the back of my head holding me tightly before pumping his seed into my mouth and throat. Much to my shock he pulled his cock out shooting his cum onto my tits before slamming it back into my mouth until it was drained. He milked his cock, depositing the last drops onto my lips.
"Ohhhhhhh fuck!" I moaned as I orgasmed.
"Rub my cum into your tits," he instructed as he backed up slightly, "and look up at me as you do it."
I did as he said, staring into his eyes as I rubbed his thick globs into my chest. It felt so slutty, cum tightening my skin as it dried on my chest, cum in my mouth, on my lips, drool on my chin and being completely exposed as a slut to my boss. The thought almost made me cum again. He helped me to my feet by my arm, moving me back to the light post behind us.
"You have quite the body Alicia," he said slipping his hand between my legs, "you won't be hiding it from me much longer." I could only nod in agreement as his fingers plunged into my pussy. "Monday morning you'll be at my office at 9:30," he said pressing his thumb onto my clit while roughly massaging my pussy, "your new job is going to require a lot more of this!" I gasped and moaned at the same time, pushing my body down onto his hand.
"Oh FUCK!" I screamed as I came all over his hand.
He held me against the pole, commanding my body, and tormenting me with his words. As my orgasm wound down, he removed his hand, wiping it dry on my abdomen then feeding me his fingers.
"Put your hands above your head," he commanded, "and don't move."
I did as he instructed, watching in horror and excitement as he took out his cell phone and snapped pictures of me. He had me turn around, pulling the dress to the side and arching my back to stick my ass out so he could take a few more. The last one had the addition of his red hand print on my ass from a hard spank.
"Enjoy your evening slut," he said rubbing my bare ass, "I'm going to fuck that on Monday!" He walked off toward the bar leaving me to put myself back together. "Sorry guys," he said as two men walked out of the bar toward him, "you just missed the show."
Suddenly feeling embarrassed I turned my back to them as I zipped up my dress back up. Mr. Johnston was gone as I headed to the door, past the two chuckling guys who were now lighting cigarettes. I wanted to go into the bar and tear someone a new one! Whether it was Jimmy or Steve it didn't matter to me, I was pissed! Jimmy met me at the dancefloor, pulling me tightly to him, pressing his rock-hard cock into my abdomen. With one arm down my back his hand went to my zipper, undoing the front of my dress enough to scoop out a boob. Using his thumb to rub, circle and bend my nipple while his other hand fingered the plug through the thin stretch latex of the dress my rage was now gone. My hand cupped his cock through his jeans.
"I, I, I should be pissed at you," I moaned, "but you're distracting the fuck outta me!"
"Pick a band member," he said licking my ear, "you're getting three real cocks tonight!"
My body tittered at his offer. My being upset at him and Steve quickly passed, I was now distracted entirely by the idea of three guys having their way with me! I looked at the band, trying to focus on who I wanted, then realized I was asking the wrong questions.
"Who has the biggest cock?" I asked finally.
"Pretty sure the lead singer," he said giving his answer some thought, "bigger than Steve but not as big as me."
"Then that's him!" I replied as Jimmy gave my nipple a light tug causing me to burn with desire and moan.
The rest of the night was spent either standing near Jimmy at the bar, with his hand up the back of my skirt teasing my pussy, or out on the dance floor grinding and rubbing guys while they did the same to me! Unlike trying to maintain a buzz, I maintained my level of horniness throughout the night. By the time the band was done for the night I was more than ready to hump all three of them and more! I went behind the stage to find Steve and give the lead singer the news as well as find out his name!
"Great set Steve," I said walking up to him cupping his crotch and kissing his neck, "we're bringing a friend home tonight!"
"A friend?" Steve asked with a bit of surprise.
"Yeah," I replied unable to hold my excitement, "Jimmy said the lead singer has the biggest cock, is it true?"
"From the way he talks I would say it is!" Steve replied gripping my ass with both hands.
"What's his name?" I moaned softly as Steve teased my ass with the plug.
"His name is Jack," Steve said with a devilish smile, "want me to give him the good news?"
"No," I replied slowly grinding my hips into him, "I'll let him know!" Turning my head, I found Jack watching Steve grope me. "Jack," I called out, "do you want to fuck my ass or mouth tonight Baby?"
"If I'm getting one," Jack said walking toward us, "then I want both!"
"Get your stuff," Steve said with a grin, "you're coming with us!"
Steve led the three of us to the bar area where Jimmy was waiting, from there we went straight to the parking lot. Jack got into his car while Steve got into the backseat of Jimmy's truck with me. My dress was off before we even left the parking space! Jimmy parked, with Jack parking nearby. Steve and I were the last two to get out of a vehicle.
"Are you ready to party?" I said swinging my dress over a shoulder while looking Jack up and down.
He couldn't even speak as his eyes roamed me.
"I'll take that as a yes!" I replied taking his hand and leading him toward Jimmy's apartment.
The cool night air felt amazing on my mostly bare body. I felt a sense of liberation as my heels clicked on the pavement. Once in the apartment Jack took no time getting acquainted with my body, his hands were everywhere as he kissed me deeply. Whether he knew I'd sucked a anyone off prior I didn't know, I also wasn't going to interrupt him. While he did what he wanted I could see out of the corner of my eye Jimmy and Steve getting undressed.
"Give a girl a minute," I said between Jack's kissing, "I need to pee before we go any further."
Jack released me, allowing me to go to the bathroom and remove the jeweled plug in my ass as well as empty my bladder. When I returned to the living room all three were naked and hard, they weren't wrong, Jack was just as big as the other two!
"Looks like I am in for a good time tonight!" I said trying to appear calm and in control.
"Get your sweet ass over here slut!" Jimmy instructed sternly.
Jimmy laid back on the couch leaving me just enough room to straddle him. As I worked his cock into my pussy, I felt Steve begin to lube my ass. No sooner had he done that then Jack's cock appeared at my mouth. It required no thought, my mouth opened and I took him into it. Fully impaled on Jimmy's cock, Steve began pressing his way into my ass. With Jack in my mouth there was no way for me to do much more than groan around him.
"Enjoying yourself slut?" Jimmy moaned from underneath me.
His hands were on my chest as Steve slipped his cock inside my ass. It didn't take much time for him to be buried inside me. I managed to bring my right hand up to Jack's balls, slipping a finger between his cheeks to tease his ass while trying to give him the best blowjob I could managed under the circumstances. The feeling was indescribable, Jimmy's size stretching my pussy, his hands teasing my chest, Steve's large cock seemingly rubbing his inside my body, his hands on my hips pushing into me. I couldn't do much other than grind on Jimmy's magnificent cock as Steve thrust into me, his cock rubbing against Jimmy's inside me was a completely different sensation though.
"Jesus!" Jack groaned. "I don't know how much more of this I can take!"
I tried to push back as best I could against Steve as he slammed into me.
"That's right slut," he hissed from behind me, "fuck me with that magnificent ass of yours!"
It was all too much, yet not enough! I almost couldn't stand them in me any longer but needed their cum inside me desperately. Jack began to truly thrust into my mouth, I'd feast on him first! He grunted, swelled and held my head firmly on his spasming shaft.
"Oh, she likes that," Jimmy said from below me, "she's cumming all over my balls!"
I continued to slurp and milk him until Jack finally had to pull himself from my mouth.
"Jesus!" Jack groaned as he backed away, "I think she'd have sucked me hard again if it took all night!"
Jack fell back into a chair, watching the two of them fuck me in earnest. He took out his phone taking video of us.
"Show me a pic of us Baby!" I moaned. "I want to see!" Jack did as I asked, showing me the picture he'd taken. "Ohhhhhhhh yes!" I groaned clenching my muscles around the two cocks buried inside me.
My right leg, still in the thigh high boot with the fishnets still showing, was planted on the floor. The only thing that interrupted my lightly tanned skin was Jimmy's muscular left hand which was gripping my thigh. Steve's hands were gripping my hips so tightly his knuckles and fingers were turning white as he pounded into my ass so hard you could see it ripple slightly. Jimmy's other hand was on my perspiration covered chest, tweaking and teasing a nipple while Steve's mouth was on my neck. It was sensory overload, too many things going on at once. I barely felt Steve swell in my ass, he suddenly just erupted inside me filling every cavity in my ass with his white-hot seed.
"Ohhhhh FUCK!" I cried out as I clenched my ass around him. "That feels so fucking GOOD!"
"Then this will feel even better!" Jimmy grunted from below me as he exploded inside me.
I let out a string of very loud expletives as Jimmy filled my pussy causing Jack to chuckle. Before Jimmy was even done, I collapsed on top of him. I was spent. I felt Steve slip out of my ass, feeling the trail of cum seeping from my stretched hole as he did.
"Hang on slut," Jimmy said softly, "we need to move you."
Steve and Jimmy helped move me off his cock, I could barely support my own weight with my legs. I felt the cum oozing from my body squish against the coffee table as they sat me on it. They laid me back, feet still on the floor, arms dangling limply from the sides of the table.
"Take a pic from her legs up," Jimmy instructed, "you're going to want to capture this."
Jack, standing between my legs with his camera up, disappeared behind Steve's softening cock.
"NO SHIT!" I heard him howl.
"She loves it," Steve said gleefully rubbing his balls over my mouth, "don't you slut?"
"Yes!" I moaned as my hands developed a mind of their own, and started roaming my body.
He pulled his cock back, even though I wasn't done with it, only to have it replaced by Jimmy's. My mouth seemingly took over on its own as well as my tongue and mouth licked and sucked anything put before it. Jimmy's balls were covered in his, mine and Steve's cum as well as lube, as I suckled them, I came yet again. My stomach cramped from the repeated orgasms. Once again, my arms fell to the side, my legs slipped out splaying to the side.
"Tired slut?" Jack asked from near my feet.
"Fucking tired!" I giggled weakly at my little joke.
Jimmy scooped me up in his arms, carrying me to the bathroom so I could clean myself. He helped me out of my boots, then turned on the shower for me while I peed and removed my stockings. With his help I was able clean myself, and wash my hair. Twenty minutes later I was sound asleep in his bed, with my head on his chest still tingling from my first real four way and wondering if there would be a repeat in the morning.
"Too early slut." Jimmy groaned as the early morning light entered the room and my lips wrapped around his cock.
"Is there such a thing as too early for a blow job?" I asked then continued to tease his growing head.
"There is this morning," Jimmy responded, "the good news is there are others here."
"True enough," I replied happily remembering that at least Steve was her this morning and possibly Jack, "I'll be back when I've drained them!"
"I bet you will!" Jimmy replied rolling onto his side as I strode out of the room.
Jack was sleeping on the couch while Steve was in the bathroom. Things were looking up as I tiptoed into Steve's room, finding his lube in the nightstand. As he finished up in the bathroom, I lubed a couple fingers so I could get my ass ready. Steve was the ass man after all, and I needed cock! The steady stream of cocks over the week had sent my libido screaming to new levels. Now I needed help maintaining it. With my right knee on the bed, back arched as far as it could bend, my fingers teased my ass as I heard him approach. Steve was entering the room as I was slipping my fingers into my ass.
"Good morning ass man!" I said with a big smile.
"Good morning to you slut!" He replied with a smile. "Do you have an itch that needs to be scratched?"
"Yes!" I replied greedily fingering myself with one hand while my left hand teased my pussy.
"Tell you what then," he continued with a gleam in his eyes, "grab those pillows and put them in the middle of the bed one on top of the other." I did as he instructed wondering what he had in mind. "Now lay over them," he smirked, "put the pillows under your hips so that magnificent ass of yours is in the air nice and high!"
"Like this Sir?" I asked as I got into the position he wanted.
My back was arched, my legs bent, thrusting my ass lewdly into the air. I was his at this moment, little did I know, he was going to up the ante very soon.
"Put these on your wrists," he said tossing a pair of leather cuffs toward my outstretched hands, "and spread your legs nice and wide!"
I did as he instructed, securing my wrists with the heavy leather cuffs, while Steve put a cuff on each of my ankles. From behind me I could hear a click of metal; I didn't have to move my legs to realize that I was not going to be able to move them. Steve appeared into view, he reached between his mattress and the wall producing a chrome metal clip on a black leather strap. He pulled my arms, stretching them well above my head, to clip my wrists to the strap.
"You seem quite horny this morning," Steve said coolly as his hands slowly roamed my back and ass, grazing my lubed hole, "didn't you get enough last night?"
"Noooo!" I moaned feeling myself hump the pillows under my hips.
"Let me ask," he continued to tease me by spanking my ass hard, "how many cocks could you take in your ass in one fucking?" I groaned, biting my bottom lip at the stinging on my ass. "You did agree to be the prize at a bachelor party after all," he said spanking my ass again, "and I guarantee they'll all want your ass!"
Steve moved behind me; I could feel the mattress move under his weight as he settled between my legs.
"Ohhhh God!" I grunted as he smacked my other ass cheek.
"Nothing better than fresh pink hand prints on a magnificent ass!" His voice dripped of cockiness, he owned me at this moment and knew it, I was helpless! "Let's see how badly you can beg!"
His hard cock slapped between my ass cheeks, I clenched my hands and curled my toes pulling at the cuffs as Steve slid the length of his cock between my cheeks. The soft underside of his cock slithered over my wanton hole, his head pressing against my hole before sliding past it.
"Ohhhhh fuck!" I groaned trying to push my ass onto his cock. "Please!"
"Not enough slut!" He tone was almost as mocking as his cock. "Beg for it," he rubbed the head of his cock in a circle around my hole, "beg for it now!"
"Please!" I could feel my body breaking to his will. "PLEASE!"
"Please what?" He taunted tapping my asshole with his cock.
"PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD," I screamed as loudly as I could, "FUCK MY ASS!"
"How slut?" The head of his cock pushed into then slid out of my ass as he spoke.
"LIKE THE FUCKING SLUT I AM!" I screamed. "RAM THAT BIG COCK INTO MY ASS! PLEASE!"
Steve's cock pushed easily into my ass, while he didn't ram it inside me, he was able to slide the entire length into my ass. I let out a low, guttural moan as I felt his balls press against my pussy. His body shifted behind me, his cock still filling me, then I got exactly what I'd begged for. Steve lifted his hips before slamming his cock into my body. He did it again, and again, thrusting violently into my ass.
"YES! FUCK! ME! PLEASE! FUCK! ME!" I grunted with each hard thrust.
Steve didn't disappoint, he kept fucking my ass while I kept begging for more. Perspiration formed on my burning body; our bodies clapped together loudly. My arms and shoulder ached even more than my ass from his ramming cock. He grunted behind me, like an animal, until he finally slammed into me one more time, his legs squirming against mine.
"I'm cumming!" He growled above me.
"YES!" I cried out. "Fill my slut ass with your cum!"
His cock flooded my ass, filling every crevice with his hot seed. I collapsed onto the mattress, unable to hold my head up any longer. What I could do was clench my sore sphincter to milk his cock and empty his balls into my ass.
"Mmmm," he cooed behind me, "such a talent you have!"
"I love an ass with talent!" I heard Jack say behind me.
The shifting on the bed told me exactly what was going on, Jack was about to fuck my ass and there was nothing I could do to stop him. Not that I really wanted to though. Jack teased my ass, but only for a moment. He plugged my gaping hole with his fat, juicy cock. Unlike Steve, Jack fucked me slow but hard. Slamming his body, and his cock, into me again and again.
"Ohhhhh yesssss!" I loudly called out. "FUCK ME!"
I turned my head as far as I could to look back at him while he screwed me. Begging him to do it harder, to call me names, and to treat me like a slut! Jack did one better, he grabbed two fistfuls of hair, using my long tresses as leverage to bury his cock inside me.
"God you're a great fuck!" He grunted.
"Yes, I am!" I screamed.
I felt his cock swell, unlike most he pulled his cock out, leaving just the tip inside me as the first spurt of cum blasted out of him. Instead of burying himself inside me, he laid his cock between my ass cheeks, humping my butt crack while shooting streams of cum. I felt one hot jet land in my hair, the next two landing on my back. Each spurt landing further and further down my back until he milked the last of his seed onto my sore ass. Jack released my hair, pulling his body off mine, leaving me bound and cum covered on the bed.
"Well that was lovely," I said softly, wiggling my hips, feeling the cum and lube seeping down my legs and pussy, "what next?" There was no response. "Guys?" I said turning to look around. "Guys?"
It quickly dawned on my that I was left in the room alone, bound on the bed, unable to move much more than my head. I could start to feel everything, the aching muscles, the drying fluids on my soft skin, the soreness of my well fucked ass. I was positive I was making an absolute mess of the pillows underneath me!
"I heard there was something fun going on in here," I heard Jimmy say as he entered the bedroom, "I guess you are it huh?"
"I was trying to return," I replied looking over my shoulder at him through hair that had fallen in my face, "but I got a little tied up."
"I guess you did!" Jimmy replied lightly touching the bottoms of my feet with his fingertips. "Someone's a little ticklish!" He continued as my feet curled and tried to escape his touch, his fingertips moved up the back of my calf to my very ticklish knee. "You better not pee on Steve's bed," Jimmy said letting his fingers linger along the back of my knee, "he grew out of the rubber sheets a long time ago." I strained and tugged at my bonds; my bladder suddenly felt so much fuller. "I didn't know you liked being tied up so much," I could hear Jimmy's smile as his fingers lightly touched my ass, "or I may have done in sooner!"
Jimmy's hands moved over my body, my shoulders, to my arms. He released the clip holding my arms above my head, while I thought I would be free, he quickly clipped the again behind my back. His strong hands gripped my hips as he settled in behind me, pulling me up to my knees.
"I'm not a fan of slopping seconds," he continued as he rubbed his cock against my swollen pussy lips, "thankfully you have three holes!"
It didn't take a lot of work for Jimmy's cock to slide inside me, I was already soaked as he plowed into me. His massive cock filled my neglected pussy causing me to howl with delight and pleasure. With one hand on my hip, and the other pulling me back by my arms, Jimmy fucked my pussy like he owned it. Which, in truth, he did! I couldn't form words; I could only open my mouth and moan as he continued to abuse my pussy.
"Fuck ME!" I finally managed to growl over my shoulder.
"That's my slut," Jimmy replied, his voice full of praise, "squeeze me with that pussy!"
Jimmy pushed his cock all the way into my pussy, holding me tightly, while I squeezed him, working his cock with my vaginal walls. I could feel him tense, his hands pulling me tighter, as he made me do all the work trying to get him to cum.
"Getting quite the pussy work out aren't you slut?" He groaned.
"Yessssss!" I gasped working my pussy furiously to get him off.
"That's it, slut!" He grunted, "My fucking cock hungry, cum starved slut!"
"Yes, I am!" I sighed as he emptied his balls into my burning pussy.
Jimmy pulled me to my knees, holding me tightly by the arms, as he stood on the bed then walked around me to push his wet cock into my mouth. I could feel his cum covered balls rubbing against my chin, the wetness seeping to my neck. Pulling his cock from my mouth, Jimmy lifted it with his right hand, pressing his balls to my mouth. Holding my head still by my hair, my hands still bound behind my back, ankles bound to the posts, I savored the submission to him and his cock.
"Greedy slut!" He teased pulling his crotch from me. I stared up at him, licking bodily fluids from my lips, giving him a wink. "It may be time to clean you up," he said watching my pout overcome my face, "don't worry, you won't be leaving anytime soon."
Jimmy untied me, removing the cuffs so I could shower and pee. I dried my hair enough, knowing it would get messed up or simply used as a handle. There was no need to do much with it other than put it in a pony tail so they didn't have to work so hard to grab it. As I exited the bathroom Jimmy was at the door, he put the cuffs back on my wrists binding them behind my back again. Jack and Steve were still there, I was now naked and helpless with them.
The guys took full advantage of my predicament, they touched me however and whenever they wanted, and used me however and whenever they wanted as well. Each of them came inside me twice more and took great amusement turning my butt a lovely shade of red from repeated spanks.
Monday morning arrived, for the first time since this odyssey started I didn't wake up masturbating. The fact was I was far too nervous about what was to come to think about an orgasm this morning. I didn't even bother putting on a robe this morning, instead going through my morning routine naked. When it came time to get dressed, I tried to select the most work appropriate pieces of my slutty lingerie. Settling on a soft pink bustier with a shelf bra and suntan stockings to go under my favorite black pencil skirt which I paired with a nice blouse and short jacket. Finally, I added a pair of black 4" heels before heading out to my car. My drive to work had me on edge to the point I barely remembered the drive. Heading into the building I got onto the elevator, waiting for everyone else to get off before pressing the button for the 9th floor. When the doors opened the floor barren, I made my way past cubicles and offices heading to the very last office on the floor. Looking at the clock on the wall I realized I was a good 20 minutes early. Thankfully the door to the outer office was unlocked, I entered the office taking a seat just inside obsessing over whether I should turn the light on or not. Eventually I did turn it on, then returned to the chair awaiting Mr. Johnston's arrival. The clock on the wall seemed to move backward. Nine AM passed, then nine thirty, finally shortly before 10 he entered the office talking on his cell phone.
"Listen Hank," he said signaling me to follow him into his office, "this isn't the deal we discussed." Then turning to face me he said, "Close and lock the door behind you." before resuming his conversation. "One mil and not a bit higher," he said into the phone while looking me up and down, "you know it's not worth that much!" I did as he instructed while he walked to his desk. "That's nice," he said pulling the phone from his ear while motioning with his finger, "but it needs to come off now." He sat at his desk watching me as my fingers fumbled with my jacket. "That makes sense Hank," he said looking up me pulling the phone from his ear again, "there's a closet for you to hang up your stuff."
He returned to his conversation again while I hung my jacket in the closet then removed my blouse. Based on the look on his face he approved of my lingerie choice this morning. Using his index finger he summoned me to him again, standing as I got closer he hooked a finger inside the top of the bustier to pull me closer to him. His hand cupped one of my exposed breasts, as he leaned in putting his mouth next to my ear.
"Undo my pants," he whispered in my ear, "you know what to do from there."
I did know what to do, it was the first time all morning I felt comfortable. My hands deftly undid his belt and pants, pushing them and his boxers to his knees quickly. As he sat in his chair I pushed them to his ankles as I knelt between his legs. His cock was even more glorious in the light of his office, it was easily 8 inches long but what made it more impressive was its girth! I could barely wrap my hand all the way around him. Taking a slow lick up the length of his shaft before popping his head in my mouth I let my slut side take over.
"Slow down," he whispered covering his phone with one hand, "once I close this deal I'm going to celebrate by fucking you!"
"Yes Sir." I replied softly before focusing on licking his shaft and sucking his balls.
"Hank, have your people send the paperwork over," he said staring into my eyes, "I have something pressing to handle here, but we have a deal in principle." Hanging the phone up and tossing it on his desk he quickly took control. "Get over my desk," he said lifting my head off his cock, "it's time to learn your place." I quickly got to my feet, bending over his desk, supporting myself with my elbows. "This morning the IT department is moving your computer here," he said as he rubbed his thick cock around my pussy, "as well as whatever personal items you have in or around your desk." I moaned softly as he started to push his cock inside me. "You work for me now," he continued as his fat head stretched my pussy, "which from the sound of it you're going to enjoy a lot!"
"Oh yes!" I groaned as his full length penetrated my body. "It's so fat!"
"Just wait until it's in your ass later!" He hissed from behind me while giving my ass a hard smack.
He then started pounding into my pussy, practically moving the desk with each hard thrust, burying his fat cock as deep inside me as he could. I needed to scream so badly!
"Don't scream," he grunted, "the walls aren't sound proof!"
Quickly covering my mouth with both hands, I let out a string of profanities as he jackhammered my pussy with abandon. He thrust into me, slamming into me with all his weight, before finally erupting inside me. With the girth of his cock there wasn't much room for his cum inside me, I could feel him already leaking down my legs as I came. I was still winding down from my orgasm as he slipped his limp cock out of me. It took me a moment to move, but eventually I was able to turn around and kneel between his legs to clean him off, which seemed to come as quite a shock to him.
"Well this is quite unexpected," he said as I lapped his balls clean, "but I won't complain." He slumped into his chair, spreading his legs further, allowing my mouth and tongue better access to him. "So, about your new job," he said sighing softly, "there is a clothing stipend, you'll accompany me on certain trips, occasionally help close deals with clients, and a nice raise as well." He shook slightly as my tongue wrapped around the head of his cock then continued. "All you need to do is remember to remove your dress when you enter my office, unless I tell you not to," he said taking my hand and helping me back on my feet, "and enjoy my using your body any way I want to whenever I want to!" I felt a shudder ripple through my body, which coupled with an aftershock was interpreted as my submission to his needs. "There is a private bathroom through that door," he said pointing to the other door in the office, "go clean up then come back here."
"Yes Sir!" I replied heading off to the bathroom while I could hear the IT guys setting up my desk for me just beyond the other door.
The bathroom off his office was not only nicer but bigger than the bathroom in my apartment! It even had a full-size shower with a pebble floor as well as a pocket door that led to my area! I cleaned up as quickly as I could, then made my way back to his desk where he was now working on his computer. Sitting in one of the chairs, I started to cross my legs, only to have him stop me.
"If I wanted you to act like a lady," he said motioning for me to open my legs as far as the arms of the chair allowed, "I wouldn't have fucked you on my desk!"
"Yes Sir." I replied softly feeling the flush of embarrassment.
For the next several minutes we went over my measurements, breast and shoe size, as well as other measurements in great detail. Apparently, he was now in charge of my clothing and particularly my lingerie and heels. It no longer mattered what I wore to and from work, unless I was meeting someone, as he would be laying out what I wore each day in the bathroom for me to put on. As I understood it, certain days would call for a bit classier of a selection other than the exposed breast stuff I'd been wearing the past few weeks. It might be nice to wear some kind of panty again I thought. After getting him a coffee from his coffee bar, I was allowed to put my dress, blouse and jacket back on and work at my desk. Truth be told I didn't have much to do. Nick did make sure that I got used to walking into his office and removing my clothing by calling me in a couple times for simple tasks. By the second trip I decided to remove my jacket for the day. What made things somewhat unnerving was never knowing what I was being called into the office for as each time arose! He eventually had people drop into his office for meetings, each passed giving me a cursory glance leaving me to wonder if I'd be called in to be shared! It also kept me somewhat on edge as far as being horny because each new office visitor was a potential orgasm. As I sat at my desk and wondered about who was in the office, my thoughts quickly became more and more carnal. It also didn't help that Sabrina texted, letting me know she would be coming over tonight and possibly bringing a friend. When I asked who she simply replied with a wink.
Nick was in a meeting with several people when he sent me a message on my computer. "I left you some items in the bathroom," it read, "use your entrance and some common sense to figure it out."
"Yes Sir!" I responded quickly getting up from my desk and heading to the pocket door.
Removing my blouse and skirt I looked at the bathroom vanity and gasped. I wasn't shocked by the enema kit, or lube, but next to both was the biggest fucking butt plug I'd ever seen! I decided to tackle the items one at a time, first by giving my ass a flush with the enema kit. At least I knew where he was going to put his cock eventually. Lubing up a couple fingers I began by slowly teasing what I knew would be a very sore hole. I couldn't take my eyes off the plug he wanted in my ass! The one I'd worn to the bar a few nights ago was tiny compared to this beast, the stem had to be as thick as a soda can! I poured lube onto the plug, then used the edge of the vanity to hold it as I slowly backed into it. It was impossible to try to stay quiet as the massive plug stretched me further than I'd ever been stretched before! In the position I was in it was impossible to know just how far down on the plug I was managing to get. My right hand began furiously rubbing my clit, with the vanity holding the plug I shoved part of my left hand into my mouth to keep from screaming. Reaching back with my left hand I was amazed that I'd managed to get almost the entire bulb into my ass. Taking a very deep breath, I leaned up, then exhaled deeply as I bounced over the bulb taking the gigantic plug into my ass!
"oooohhhhmmmyyyyyfuuukkkkiiinnngggggoooodddd!" I groaned using both hands to cover my mouth.
Taking a moment, I was able to stand, although not necessarily straight. My ass was sticking out and my back was arched. Not that it would be a shock but I was standing like I had a giant plug up my ass! After a couple minutes it got a bit easier to stand more upright, I then practiced walking around the small bathroom. I doubted I could go out with this kind of a plug inside me but I could at least function. The bathroom door to his office clicked, the sound of an electronic lock being released, I took a deep breath before opening the door.
"I see you got the entire plug inside you," Nick said as I entered the office, "I'm impressed slut!" I felt like I was walking like a little old lady, I was only missing the cane! "You won't have it inside you long," he said as he moved toward me, "I don't want you getting too stretched out."
I was surprised and disappointed there was no one else in the office. Then Nick descended on me, grabbing me from behind, letting his hands roam my body while he kissed, licked and sucked my neck, all while walking me behind his desk.
"Where is everyone else?" I moaned as he rubbed my pussy and tugged my nipples.
"I didn't want to break you the first day," he whispered huskily in my ear, "plus, I want that ass to myself first!"
My hands fell to his desk, bracing myself, as he released me. I could hear him undoing his belt and pants behind me, my body trembled with excitement. The next time I felt him touch me, his bare body was embracing me.
"Deep breath," he whispered in my ear, "and by the way, I was kidding about the sound proofing. No one can hear a thing outside of my office!"
Inhaling sharply, I felt him grip the base of the gigantic plug. After several pulls, he finally managed to get the bulb into my anal canal, past my very stretched out rings. I let out a torrent of profanity as I exhaled, feeling my ass and lungs empty at the same time. Before my ass could return to it's normal size his cock was inside me, I felt my rings close around his thick shaft. Putting his left hand on my hip and grabbing my hair, he started slowly thrusting into my ass.
"Did you think you were walking into some kind of orgy here?" He said pushing all the way inside me and moving his hips from side to side.
"Yessss!" I hissed as I felt his cock swing inside me.
"Maybe you want another cock in here," he grunted as he started thrusting harder, "maybe you want two more?"
"YES! NO!" My mind was turning to mush, "I, OH FUCK ME! JUST FUCK ME!"
I couldn't believe his stamina; he was reaming me with his soda can thick cock until I was covered in perspiration. Yet I still couldn't get enough of him and welcomed each and every violent thrust. He was practically fucking me out of my heels!
"Tell me how you like it slut!" He grunted while moving his hand to my crotch to rub my clit. "What if I tied you up and dripped candle wax on you?"
"Oh yesssssss!" I groaned.
"Brought you over to fuck you silly, then dropped you at the curb to make your own way home!"
"YES!"
"Fucked you like the filthy whore you are!"
"OH, GAWD YOU ARE ALREADY!" I screamed at the top of my lungs. "FUCK YOUR FUCKING WHORE!"
He slammed inside me, burying himself deep, my right foot lifted sending my shoe flying somewhere behind us. I couldn't even form words as his cock flooded my ass with cum. All I could truly manage was short, gasping breaths while my entire body quivered. He thrust into me twice more before releasing my hair, allowing me to finally collapse with my hands on his desk. Somewhere, lost in his colossal fucking I orgasmed as well. My subsequent aftershocks were as hard as small orgasms!
"Don't move." He all but whispered.
"I couldn't if I tried." I huffed still trying to catch my breath.
He leaned over, taking something out of his desk drawer, then backed away enough for his cock to slip out of me. The void it left behind was quickly filled by a squat feeling metal plug, which even at room temperature was cool and welcome in my very sore hole. When he let go of the plug, which I found out after was weighted, the sudden surprise of something seemingly falling out of my ass caused my sphincter to close around it rapidly.
"Holy shit," I snapped, "what is that!?!"
"The weighted plug," he said giving my butt a playful smack, "will help tighten you back up. Call it kegels for your ass."
"Maybe a little warning next time." I teased as I turned to watch him collapse into his office chair.
"Okay," he grinned, "plan on having that in your ass every time I take my cock out of it." He had a certain look of smugness that bordered on domination. "Now, you know you want to lick my cock clean," he almost sneered his words, "cuz you're a slut and that's what you do!"
He wasn't wrong. There was always something incredibly slutty and vile about sucking a cock that had just been in my ass. I almost looked forward to it, like dessert after a great meal. Picturing how I would look to someone who came in, it was quite clear I was a true slut. I had on a bustier that my tits had fallen out of long ago, not that it took much with the open cup design, I was covered in perspiration, lube and bodily fluids. Somewhere I'd lost a shoe, my stockings were soaked to my knees, and the straps of my bustier were by my elbows. On top of all that, my hair was certainly a wreck and my voice was raspy not only from having my mouth and throat fucked earlier but from screaming my head off while my new boss had his way with me.
"You can shower in the bathroom," he said as he looked at me with quiet approval, "I can't have you looking like that when you leave the office after all." I nodded then swirled my tongue underneath his balls as he continued. "In the top drawer of your desk is a key," he leaned his head back enjoying my oral efforts, "it's to my place, just in case I need a late night booty call, or want you to show up and tie yourself to the bed blindfolded and await my return." My body shuddered at the idea of being his blindfolded bondage slut. "Any questions?"
"What time tomorrow?" I asked after slithering my tongue up the underside of his soft cock.
"Be in the bathroom by 9:45 ready to enter my office," he replied with a wink, "something similar to what you wore today is acceptable until I get you a few other items."
"Yes Sir!" I replied already thinking about what I'd wear the next day.
"Bring backups too," he said closing his eyes while slumping into his chair, "just in case you need a change of lingerie during the day."
"Yes Sir!" I replied sitting back onto my feet.
He leaned forward, putting his hands on the sides of my breasts, bringing his face close to mine. I felt a different level of intenseness from him as he did this, his touch was loving, his eyes caring.
"And bring a toothbrush," he said kissing my forehead, "I can't have you talking to customers with anal sex breath!" My face reddened at his suggestion. "I think you will work out quite well here," he said giving me a squeeze, "now go clean up."
"Thank you, Sir." I replied slowly getting to my feet.
It took me a moment to locate my rogue shoe. Rather than dawdle I walked to the bathroom with one shoe in my hand while he laughed.
"Maybe tomorrow I'll fuck you out of both of them!" He called out from behind me.
"Promise?" I said giving him a flirty glance over my shoulder.
His answer was a toothy grin. After peeling off my lingerie I stepped into the shower which was a little slice of heaven. It not only had a massaging shower head with the perfect amount of pressure for long hair but body jets as well as a jet to massage your feet! I could have spent the rest of the evening in that shower and immediately decided that on work days my shower at home would be retired! Stepping out of the shower, I brushed out my hair while air drying. I decided I not only needed to bring lingerie but also the rest of my necessary toiletries! With no other option, I pulled on my black pencil skirt and blouse, stepping into my heels I opened the pocket door to my office while buttoning my blouse only to come face to face with cleaning woman.
"Uh, hi!' I said buttoning my blouse quicker.
"Hola!" she replied seemingly unphased by my walking out of the bathroom.
Obviously, I wasn't the first woman to make use of that door. Tucking my soiled lingerie into a bag and pulling on my jacket I made my way out of the building only to have to turn around and retrieve the key in the top drawer.
"Can't forget this," I whispered to myself as I turned to leave again, "he may need a booty call tonight!"
Back at my apartment I made myself dinner while undressing. I'd cooked myself breakfast naked why not dinner? As I ate, I received a text from Sabrina, she would be over soon. I quickly tidied up the kitchen then went to my bedroom where I'd laid out an outfit for the evening. By the time I walked to greet them at the front door I was wearing red patent heels, red seamed stockings, elbow length gloves, and a red bra and panty set with bows that allowed access to my boobs and pussy. My lipstick was blood red as well while my hair was up in a messy ponytail. I was ready for whatever was behind the door, provided they didn't mind removing the weighted plug still giving my sphincter a workout!
"Well hello," Sabrina said loud enough for everyone in the building to hear, "well, isn't that the sluttiest outfit I've ever seen!?!" Sabrina stepped in, quickly wrapping her arms around me, pulling my mouth to hers. Her tongue plunged into my mouth like a warm, welcome invader, quickly leaving me practically swooning in her arms. "This is my friend Nicole, and my other friend Denise." I was still recovering from Sabrina's kiss as the two women entered my apartment.
"Welcome." I said anxiously.
Sabrina stepped in the door, giving me a soft kiss on the lips while lightly touching my side. I quickly realized I had two problems, problem one, which I should be used to at this point, was that I was under/overdressed. The women wore jeans or Capri pants, flats or sandals, and casual tops while I was in 5" heels and lingerie. I guess I was dressed properly though as I was the slut in the group. The second problem was I had no idea which woman was Nicole and which was Denise! The first woman, who had raven hair and brown eyes, walked in wearing tan capris, sandals, and an off the shoulder floral top. Her fingers lightly grazed my abdomen as she walked in while surveying my living room. The second woman had on snug jeans, a sleeveless button front top, flats and had the most piercing blue eyes to go with her chestnut hair.
"I like your outfit," she said lightly touching my arm then continuing over the top of my breasts, "it fits what Sabrina's told us about you!"
Whether that was a compliment or not I wasn't sure, but I said thank you while closing the door behind them. I went into hostess mode, bringing my guests wine and some snacks. Thanks to Sabrina the discussion quickly turned to my new job but focused much more on the size of my boss' cock and his voracity for using it! I showed off the base to the weighted plug which was still in my ass after recounting how he'd gotten us both sweating through his fevered fucking of me. The conversation got me very wet as no detail was left out to include his calling me his filthy slut and giving me a key to his place in case he wanted a booty call!
"Well he'd better not call tonight," Sabrina said setting down her glass of wine while summoning me to her with her index finger, "tonight is girlie time!"
Sabrina pulled me forward as she leaned back onto the couch. I naturally put my hands on the back of the couch and my knee on the seat between her legs to hold myself up as our lips met. Her kisses started as soft, then became more passionate with her tongue probing my mouth. Behind me, a pair of hands pulled my panties over my hips and ass. The two women behind me maneuvered my panties off my legs as Sabrina gripped the back of my head kissing me deeply. I moaned into her mouth as fingers slithered through my wet pussy lips while another hand undid my bra.
"All three at once?" I whispered hoarsely to Sabrina as our kiss broke.
"Girl orgies are good for the soul," she replied as she pulled my bra out of the way, "and your ass won't be sore after!"
I wanted to reply but two fingers slipped into my pussy causing me to only be able to moan. As I was being pulled back into a standing position a second hand went to my clit, pinching it softly between two fingers as the raven-haired beauty, who was now topless, appeared in front of me. Her hand cupped my cheek, pulling my mouth to hers, our tongues met. Which one was she? Nicole or Denise? Did it matter? Fuck no! I could feel her hard nipples against my chest as she kissed me. Her soft skin felt warm to my hands as my arms coiled around her. A mouth was on my neck, then nibbling on my ear, while a hand managed to get between my boob and the boob of the woman kissing me. My head was swimming with intense but conflicting desires. I barely knew Sabrina, now she was in my apartment with two women I knew even less than her and we were all about to have sex. My first kissing partner's mouth and mine finally separated, but her mouth was soon replaced by the chestnut-haired woman's mouth. I was still under/over dressed as this woman was naked and I still had on gloves, stockings and heels. Then again, I just didn't care!
"How well do you lick pussy slut?" The woman asked.
"Well enough I guess." Came my breathy reply.
"Time to find out!" She responded.
She lowered herself onto the couch, taking her with me, so that when she laid back, I was between her legs. I didn't need direction, my mouth gravitated to her pussy. Starting with long licks between her tender folds, I looked up her body, into her eyes to gauge her reaction to my efforts. Sticking my tongue as far as I could inside her, I started fucking her pussy with my tongue, making sure to wiggle the tip as it went inside her.
"Ohhh," she moaned putting her feet on my back, "someone likes to have fun."
The other woman, let's just say she's Nicole because I never did find out who was who, appeared on the couch next to chestnut haired Denise. Nicole kissed Denise while touching her body with her free hand. While I'd been with Sabrina twice, I'd never seen what I was watching, it was mesmerizing watching Nicole enjoy Denise's breasts with her hand and mouth. I felt Sabrina's hands on me, she was on her knees behind me, touching me how she pleased and driving me crazy! I started assaulting Denise's clit with my tongue while slipping two fingers inside her pussy.
"Someone wants to make me cum!" she moaned as her hips started gyrating in time with my tongue and fingers.
Her pussy coated the lower half of my face and hand with her clear honey as she orgasmed. Nicole quickly pulled me to her pussy as she rolled onto her back on the couch. Instead of teasing as I'd done with Denise I went directly at her clit with my tongue. Sabrina appeared out of nowhere, climbing over Nicole and resting her knees on the back of the couch so Nicole could lick her while I ate her out. As she and Sabrina got closer to orgasm Denise reappeared with her face inches from mine.
"Turn your head to the right," she whispered, "we're going to rock her world!"
Resting my head on Nicole's thigh, Denise's tongue started lapping at her clit the same time as mine. I heard her muffled scream as Sabrina's pussy smothered her mouth. She came so hard I could feel her wetness trailing down my chin and neck. As Nicole recovered Denise and Sabrina pushed me onto the coffee table, spreading my legs as far as they would go so the two of them could eat me in tandem!
"Oh my GOD!" I moaned as they rocked me to a very hard orgasm.
This seemed to go on for hours. While one of them would occasionally leave to take a break, get a drink of water or whatever, I was either between someone's legs or had someone between mine, or both! Eventually I figured out that I could kick off my heels and no one would mind but only after I was locked into back to back 69's. Sabrina's phone came out as well. When I was in the bottom of one 69 I could see Jimmy's smiling face as she held the phone barely 6" from the pussy I was burying my tongue into!
"That's my new contact pic for you in my phone Slut!" He laughed then continued, "Enjoy yourself!"
Eventually, we made it to my bedroom. Sometime in the middle of the night I woke up on my left side with my head on Sabrina's chest and my right leg over hers. Blinking my eyes to focus I could see the form of another woman on the other side of her, she was on her left side as well tucked under Sabrina's other arm. Reaching out, to make sure this wasn't some kind of dream, I touched her bare hip. She was real. Behind me the toilet in my bathroom flushed. I felt someone climb into the bed and nuzzle up being me, pressing her ample chest into my back and wrapping an arm around me. I sighed softly as I was sandwiched between two women with my hand on a third. In spite of the queen size bed being a bit crowded I slept like a baby! Climbing out of my bed when my alarm clock went off was more of an issue.
"Now I know why I live alone." I whispered as I plodded off to the bathroom after having to contort myself to get out of bed.
After relieving myself I set off to the kitchen putting on a white sheer robe. I started coffee and breakfast for my guests while they struggled to use the one bathroom in my apartment. Smiling to myself I knew that my shower would be large, luxurious, and full of body jets! One by one the women started emerging, taking coffee in their various states of dress.
"Thank you!" Came their replies as I handed them their coffees.
As I'd done the night before, I played hostess, this time refilling coffee as needed and giving them breakfast. Eventually, I even remembered to make myself breakfast as well.
"I am going to need to get going," Denise said standing up and walking her dishes to the kitchen, "thank you for the coffee." She approached me, sizing up my robe and determining it covered too much. "We're just going to need to do this," she said as she untied the sash before pushing the robe off my shoulders, "yes that's much better!" Her hands slowly moved around my hips, one moving to my ass and the other up my back as she pressed her lips to mine. Her kiss was soft with just a flick of tongue. "I enjoyed you last night!"
"Thank you," I blushed, "I enjoyed you too!"
As she stepped away Nicole stepped in front of me, unlike Denise, her right hand went to my breast while her left cupped and squeezed my ass. "Don't let him fuck that ass of yours too much," she said giving it another squeeze, "but then again, I don't blame him for it!" Before I could respond her lips met mine as well, our kiss lingered, leaving me wanting more. "Thanks for last night," she said giving me another soft kiss, "you have quite the tongue."
"Thanks." I replied blushing deeper.
I followed them as they both hugged Sabrina goodbye then escorted them to the door. While it should have been odd to stand in my apartment's doorway stark naked, I was getting more and more used to the idea. Sabrina sat on the couch smiling as I closed the door.
"So, let me ask," she said sipping her coffee, "which one was Denise?"
"The one with black hair?" I asked honestly still not knowing the answer.
"You should get a prize for that one!" She laughed seeing how uncomfortable I was having bedded two women whose names I wasn't sure.
"That was an interesting night," I said pulling a seat up near her on the couch, "I've never experienced anything like that!"
"Well you held up quite well," she said giving me the once over, "and I see you're getting far more comfortable in your role."
"There are times," I replied softly, "last night I definitely felt over and under dressed at the same time."
"I have a feeling that will be something that happens a lot for you," she sipped her coffee and smiled at me, "everyone will like you to be easy access after all." I blushed sipping my own coffee. "Are you showering before you go?"
"No," I replied bringing my empty coffee cup to the kitchen, "he has that amazing shower in his private bath that I'm going to use!"
"I'll help you pack," she replied as she slipped off the couch, "it's like you're moving into his bathroom after all!"
Sabrina and I had fun picking out which lingerie outfits I should bring to work to have on hand. She helped by suggesting a different selection of colors as well as a mixture of bras, corsets and bustiers. I decided to make notes on what I needed more of as well, I didn't have enough pairs of stockings to have one pair of each color at each location. While Sabrina finished putting my items in a small rolling suitcase, I used an app on my phone to order what I needed. The last item to go in was the cleaned weighted plug which they'd had a lot of fun removing the night before. While I wanted to go to work in a pair of yoga pants and a sweatshirt, Sabrina reminded me that I was still going to the office and I shouldn't stroll in looking like a college student! She helped me into a peach camisole, a floral sundress and a cute pair of heels before walking me out to my car.
"Oh, I swear," she said giving me a big hug, "I feel like I'm sending you off to your first day of slut camp!" I couldn't help but laugh as she pretended to cry. "I'm just so proud of you!" Leaning forward she squeezed my ass through the thin dress. "Now you be a good little slut and fuck those boys right!"
"I will." I replied with a wink.
Sabrina gave me a kiss on the cheek before letting my butt go, "We wouldn't want your neighbors to think you're some kind of deviant, would we?"
"You mean the kind that wakes up in bed with three naked women?" I asked as she started to walk away.
"Those are the worst!" Sabrina replied laughing.
"Bitch!" I teased giving her breast a quick backhanded rub.
"Slut!" Sabrina laughed. "Now behave," she continued backing away slightly, "I bet if I told you to lick my pussy right now you would!"
"Maybe!" I replied playfully giving my upper lip a lick but feeling that familiar twinge in my pussy.
"Maybe later this week I'll stop by again," she said turning and walking away, but stopped to look over her shoulder giving me a sultry look, "and maybe I'll bring my strapon again!"
My body shuddered at her words, causing her to smile and wink before she headed away. I looked around the parking lot, which was thankfully empty, then slid into my car. It took me a moment to compose myself before I started the car and headed to work.
"What will today bring?" I asked myself as I drove away.