As I pulled off the secondary highway, I wondered about the motel given the sole vehicle in the parking area. I surmised that Thursday night business was normally sparse in Nowhere, New Mexico, and the outward appearance of the place wasn't necessarily significant in regards to the quality. Besides, as road-weary as I was at the moment, a bath and a bed would suffice.
The lobby consisted of a counter and not much else. Frugal was the only way to describe the décor, and other than the guest book and a pen holder, the counter was bare.
Sitting behind the counter was a very old man, intently watching a classic black and white movie on the small television set perched on a diminutive table to one side of the counter. It seemed an honest effort for him to wrangle his way out of the overstuffed office chair and get me checked in. With no more than three words spoken, I was registered and handed a key. Lucky number seven I thought to myself as I walked from the lobby toward my car.
The room was Spartan but clean, and the old but overly large bathtub was a pleasant discovery. It was even more pleasant as I sank into a tubful of scorching hot water and let the miles of lonely road drift from my body.
Flopping on the bed wearing nothing but a turban and toga fashioned from the motel towels, I manned the television remote and clicked through all seven available channels. Eerily, the only movie showing was on channel seven. It turned out to be the same black and white flick as the motel desk clerk was watching. Desperate, I began to watch, and I was quickly drawn into a couple of the subtle romantic scenes.
Despite the old movie showing nothing but bare arms on the lead actress, and the male star never touching either above or below her elbows, the dialogue and actions of her handsome beau were beginning to have an effect. I began to slowly heat up and allow my mind to wander in thoughts and fantasies of where the romantic conversation, brief kisses, and oh-so-subtle touches might lead. It wasn't long before the toga was up around my navel and I had a finger working my pussy while the fingers of my other hand freed up a nipple.
With my head propped on the two pillows against the headboard, I bent my knees and spread my legs for better access, and exposed both breasts to the touch of my fingers. With fingers slipping in and out of my wetness, and pulling out to skitter across my clit, it wasn't long before the first orgasm tore through me like a shockwave of pleasure. My pussy gripped at my fingers as I pulled and twisted at engorged nipples. I was still quivering from the last rippling sensations when I noticed the window.
In my haste to grab a bath, I hadn't noticed the drapery on the window was slightly ajar, and just wide enough for me to spot the movement and catch a glimpse of eyes staring back at me. I had just allowed someone unknown a full-in-the-face view of my spread eagled pussy while indulging in the most intimate of acts. They had watched my fingers ravish my pussy, and observed the pulsing quivers of my entire orgasm. I was furious, mortified, and unbelievably turned on all at the same time.
With little in the way of options, and with a strange sense of arousal coursing through me, I simply looked into my observers eyes and opened my legs.
As I used my fingers to slightly spread the outer lips of my drenched pussy, I noticed some movement at the lower edge of the window, but in the sparse outside light I could not see any detail. I thought about reaching to turn off the light above the bed, but then I knew the observer would not be able to see me, and I was now fully aroused at putting on a little performance for whoever it was. I had to know more.
Yanking the towel from around me and allowing whoever was watching to see me completely nude, I slowly moved to the foot of the bed and arose to open the curtains just a little more. All the while I was looking directly into the eyes of my admirer.
As I tugged the heavy curtains a crack more open, I was suddenly eyeball to eyeball with my voyeur, and the most beautiful steely-gray eyes I had ever seen. He was an older man, perhaps fifty given the touch of gray at the temples, and the well-worn Stetson gave him a certain rugged and decidedly western appeal. A gawking cowboy, smiling widely, and likely as surprised as I am at the sudden turn of events. He had undoubtedly watched my entire performance, given the magnificent cock that was rearing at full erection from the opened zipper of his jeans, and he was still slowly stroking it as he allowed his eyes to freely roam my nakedness. He likely had me with the eyes and the smile, but the sight of that gorgeous cock was the clincher. I was beyond hot.
I watched his eyes widen as I cupped a small breast and leaned closer to the window, just touching the eraser hard nipple against the cool pane of glass that separated us. He stroked harder and faster as he lowered, and his tongue danced across the window directly opposite my nipple. I pinched to simulate his licking bite, as my other hand quickly found my crotch.
I crushed a nipple hard against the window as his lips pressed, and I wanted his sucking mouth attached to my nipple so badly. My fingers were drenched in my juices as I worked my pussy and felt another orgasm building.
Dropping to my knees I licked at the window just even with his cock, and he pressed the purple and wildly flared head against the glass, smearing a shiny trail of precum as he stroked. I could almost feel my tongue working the huge ridge of his knob, and sucking at the seeping wetness that freely oozed from the engorged tip. He was dripping horny and hard as a rock.
I looked up for a moment and our eyes met. I could see and sense the intense desire in his eyes, and I again lowered my gaze as he stroked furiously while I plunged two fingers deep into my pussy. I ground my palm hard against my bulging clit as I actually heard his groan of release through the glass.
He came like a stallion, blasting jets of thick rich semen against the glass, and aimed directly at my mouth. My own orgasm struck at that moment, and we came together as the final spurts of semen oozed and dripped from that beautiful cock.
I could hear him gasping as he continued to stroke his withering cock, and I'm sure he heard my own mewled cry from the intense orgasm that wracked my body. I sagged against the windowpane in the aftermath.
As I quivered and recovered, I watched the coagulated mass of semen slowly crawl down the windowpane. Slowly rising, I met his gaze.
I think we both knew it was over, and I watched as he slipped his spent cock back into his jeans and mouthed a thank you. He stood there for a moment, and rested one hand against the window as I pressed my breast against his hand and mouthed my own thank you. He smiled again, and with a slight wave and a tip of his hat, my cowboy disappeared into the night. My legs felt like jelly as I closed the drapes and staggered toward the bed.
As I lay on the bed, thoughts of my mysterious cowboy and our deeds have my hand cupping my pussy. Visions flash through my mind of his burly frame hovering over me as I guide that beautiful cock, and I can almost feel that rigid flared phallus slipping into my wetness. As I drift toward sleep, I ache for the satisfying sensation of being wrapped in his strong arms, and my pussy filled to overflowing with his potent semen. Umm…lucky room number seven indeed.
Readers: Your comments are always appreciated