Daddy and me explore pt.3
The following day was uneventful, I had a lot of work to catch up on and dad was gone all day helping a friend with some construction project, and by the time he got home he looked exhausted. Between me and helping his friend, the man needed some rest. We both agreed to just catch up on sleep that night. The day after that however, was a lot more interesting. I make pretty good money and I made out quite well in my divorce, so for me, Money isn't too much of a problem. I called up and made a reservation at very fancy hotel about 50 miles from our house and got a luxury suite. I knew the place because I had stayed there with my ex. and it was amazing. I told daddy I had a surprise for him and he agreed to go along with it. We left around 3:00 and drove for a little over an hour and when we were about 10 minutes away he figured out my surprise. He asked me why I spent money on a hotel and I told him I just wanted to mix things up a little and he seemed to like that idea.
Just to be safe, I checked in alone and told him to meet me at our room. I got there first and went in. I knew it was a suite and I had been there before, but this room was even better. It had floor to ceiling windows on two sides, a Jacuzzi in the bathroom, the biggest shower I've ever seen and a massive extra large king sized bed. I knew this was gonna be a fun night. When dad got there he was as amazed as I was. He walked over to the giant windows that overlooked a beautiful river. On the edge of the river were several houses and he said, "I bet those people down there get some nice shows looking up here."
I responded with, "well their gonna tonight, I guarantee that." He smiled and poured us a couple glasses of wine that I had brought. We decided to have room service instead of going out to dinner, just to be on the safe side. Dinner came, we ate then decided to go for a walk since it was dark out and there was a small shopping area down the street.
As we walked I handed him a gummy and he said, "you and these damn gummy's."
I said, "it's just so we have something to blame this on, we can say we were both so high we didn't know what we were doing." We both laughed and continued on our walk. We got back to our room and I decided I was going to relax in a nice warm Jacuzzi. I turned on the water and and went back in the main room to undress, just so Daddy could watch.
He said, "it never gets old watching you get undress." I slowly turned around so he could see all of me.
I said, "I know, that's why I do it for you," then I slowly walked into the bathroom and left the door open. My father walked in and sat on the edge of the tub. I asked him to come in and he said he would rather just watch me and then take a shower. I sat up and leaned forward. I handed him a wash cloth and said, "if your just gonna sit there you might as well do something, wash my back." Then I said, "only my back!" He laughed and washed my back. His hand went pretty low a couple times and I was loving his gentle touch. I saw his normal bulge starting and I said, " It's time for you to get in that shower, and since you're already hard, I want to watch you play with it a little." He got up and started to undress.
As his pants came off I saw his dick was struggling to stay in his under ware, so I reached up and let it out for him, he was already hard as a rock. He finished taking everything off and stepped into the shower. I was feeling pretty good from the wine and gummy so I just sat back and watched my father take a shower. He was really a sexy guy and with his body all wet and soapy, it just made him even hotter. I yelled to him not to forget my show, Then I watched as he turned and faced me. It was a little hard to see with the water on the glass, but I could see him looking right at me and he started to jerk himself off. I let my fingers play a little as I watched, but it wasn't nearly enough, I needed him. I said, you better stop and save the rest for me.
We both got out and dried off. As we walked into the main room he took my arm and walked me over to the window and said, "face out and put your hands on the window." I did as he asked and without much warning he pushed his big cock right into me. I squat down a little to make it easier for him.
I was barely managed to say, "shit somebody's horny tonight."
He said," it's your fault, you tease the shit out of me."
I smiled and said, "I know." He loved to fuck me, and it was showing. I also said, "I hope we're giving somebody a good show down there, it would be such a waste for nobody to see you fuck me."
He said, "I agree," and then I let him enjoy me for a while. After a few minutes I stood up and felt him slid out.
I turned, looked him right in the eye and said, "did you bring that magic tongue with you tonight?" He nodded and I walked over to the bed. I bent over the foot of the bed and said, "why don't you start back there first, then we'll see if you're good enough for me to turn around, I don't want to waste this pussy on an amateur." He knelt behind me and went to work. The first thing he did was lick my asshole, then he went halfway up my back, and then back down again to my ass. He grabbed a cheek in each hand and spread me open make it easier, and It felt amazing. My hands had a death grip on the sheets while he made my ass a wet mess.
I let him do that for a long time because he seemed to be enjoying it, and I know I was. I finally stood halfway up, turned and put my now soaked ass on the bed. I laid back, grabbed my legs behind my knees and spread my legs as wide as I could. It didn't take long before his tongue was inside. He was looking directly at my pussy while he ate me and I said, "look at me." When his eyes looked up at me I said in a demanding voice, "I just didn't want you to forget who's pussy you're eating, it's your daughters pussy." I guess that really turned him on because the next thing I knew his tongue traveled up my belly, stopped at each nipple, then right up to my mouth. I could taste myself on his lips and it was amazing. As he was kissing me he maneuvered his cock right into my pussy and It went in deep.
It only took four or five deep thrusts and I was having an orgasm. I was really hoping he didn't cum because I was nowhere near finished. When my orgasm was over and I stopped squirming and moaning he pulled his cock out of me. I looked down and it was glistening from my juices. What better time to swallow that thing than right now. I pushed him back a little and dropped to my knees. As I put him in my mouth I looked up at him and said, "don't you dare fucking cum yet," and with that, his cock disappeared into my mouth. As my lips wrapped around his cock, I actually felt his knees buckle a little.
I could tell he was near the edge, and I wasn't about to let him cum, so I took him out of my mouth and stood up, then I said, "that was pretty close, wasn't it?"
He said, "yes, very close."
I raised my eyebrows, smiled and said, "the night is young." I went over to my bag and pulled out my vibrator. I crawled on the bed and turned it on. He was standing next to the bed so I held his cock with one hand and put the vibrator on my clit with the other. I looked at him and said, " I'm sorry, but since you can only cum once or twice and I can cum all night long, it's time for me to cum again, that is unless you don't want me to."
He said, "nothing I love more that to watch the expression on your face as you cum. it just makes me want you more." I responded by pressing my toy hard against my clit and squeezing his dick a little harder. I was cuming 30 seconds later with my father intently watching my face as I came. When I caught my breath I told him to lay on his back. When he was laying there, I climbed on top of him planning to sit on that massive cock that was standing straight up and waiting, but at the last second I changed my mind, I decided to sit on his face instead.
There is just something about that man's tongue that makes me crazy. I was facing his feet and looking at his cock while he ate my ass and pussy like a pro, and as usual, he made me cum again. I knew his tongue had to be getting tired so I crawled forward and sat on that fat cock. I was still facing away from him and I knew he was getting the best view ever of his dick going into his daughters cunt. I said cunt because pussy is just to gentle of a word for what was happening because at that point, I needed it hard and rough.
After I let him watch that for a while I turned back, looked at him and said, "spank me." I have absolutely no idea why I said that since I have never been spanked before, but it just felt like I really needed it at that moment. He slapped my ass a couple of times but I needed more, I said "harder, please," and he did. I was grinding harder and harder until I exploded all over him. I just couldn't stop cuming. The harder he slapped me the more I kept cuming. I finally pulled him out and that was followed by another big burst. I rolled off him and laid there face down with my ass on fire. To his credit, daddy gently rubbed it and finally planted tiny kisses all over it. I turned to look at him and his legs, stomach, and cock were all wet from me.
I looked at him and said," sorry about that, but having my ass slapped was something new and It just put me over the edge."
He said, "Sorry? I had a perfect view of your pussy exploding and it took everything I had not to come all over you."
.
I smiled and said, " then lets get you some satisfaction," I sat up, climbed back on top of him, and with my sore ass I rode him as hard as I could. It didn't take long before I felt him burst inside of me. I kept riding as hard as I could while he was cuming. When he was done I stood straight up on the bed right over him. I could feel his cum dripping out of me and I said, "Look at the mess you made." Then just like last time, I put my hand under my my pussy and smeared it all over me. I climbed off the bed and went into the shower. This was the best night so far. Once again I heard the door open and daddy came in. He sat on the bench that was in there and just watched me shower.
I was really enjoying his eyes on me and I playfully backed my ass into his face. He said, " I'm telling you now, If you get me hard again, you're gonna have to take care of that."
I said, "who said I was done yet? I'm just cleaning up for the next round." He just laughed and sat there watching me shower. When I said that, I was half kidding, but when I walked over to him and put my belly in his face, he started kissing it all over. I was just standing there with the water running down my body holding his head. I felt my girly parts start to tingle again and I knew I still needed more. I reached down and felt his cock, he was defiantly hard again. I just turned around and sat on his lap.
He was once again, deep inside me. His hands came around and started playing with my tits. It was an amazing feeling, fucking him in the warm shower while his hands explored my body. I sat there grinding on his cock for a long time, until I decided it was time for us both to cum one last time. I stood up then kneeled in front of him. I reached down and started to rub my clit as hard as I could. I looked up at him and said, " cum all over me again." He grabbed his cock and started to jerk himself off. He was only 6 inch's from my face. I watched as he brought himself right to the edge and when I saw he was just about to cum I put my mouth right over his cock. He had no choice but to explode right down my throat.
I made sure some dripped out a little just for show. I didn't say anything, I just turned and faced the shower to wash it off. we finished our shower and dried off. I went right into the bed, pulled up the covers and said, "nite daddy" and went to sleep.