On our new playground I never got in the way of Suzie's lust and, frankly, she never got in the way of mine.
For example, one day I had to stop back home for some papers I'd left on the dining room table and I was met at the garage entry with the sound of that table rhythmically creaking and, of course, that sound coupled with the mail truck parked out front, added up to the specter of the letter carrier laying wood to Suzie from behind. She, clinging to the table with one hand, manipulating herself with the other and her panties down around one ankle.
"Ahhh," I said coming in from the garage, "Somebody's getting a special delivery."
Startled, he paused.
"Don't stop, Troy!" she said urgently, "I'm right there!" He went back to work and within thirty seconds she exploded, "Unnnnnnnnnnn..."
She spun around, laid back and he launched back into her.
"Gotta get back to work. Have fun with your friend!"
***
On our mall trips there was one store, a women's shoe store, that had something for Suzie the others didn't...Jeremy.
Suzie had a thing for Jeremy that her newfound broadcast of desires made crystal clear; she would jump at the chance to get Jeremy a residence in her always hungry pussy. She tried on shoes only if in Jeremy's capable hands.
Jeremy was a tricky proposition and so we brainstormed how she might fuck him. I know, it sounds weird in the normal world but in the context of our lives it all made perfect sense.
I came up with what I believed to be the ultimate answer. Trying shoes on and flirting was not enough. I mean, even Suzie's assets couldn't work at full capacity in the fucking mall. However, what was needed was a clear signal of intention, visual enticement that made everything clear to Jeremy.
Wear a very short skirt and, most of all, don't wear any panties. Also, make sure that Jeremy was the only salesman on the floor when going in since Suzie had every intention of fucking him in the stockroom and co-workers were not reliable secret keepers.
I can see why she made a quest of climbing up Mt. Jeremy's cock. He was about 25 and looked like he just stepped out of a men's fashion magazine; tall, dark and handsome. Common sense optional. But she was going to plant her pussy on his summit not solve an algebraic equation.
We went on a few scouting missions to get a sense of the rhythm of the store, even times when business was slow and had it narrowed down to a day and time.
Excitement was high on the day of the mission and I'd never seen Suzie wrestle over outfits but she spent an easy two hours trying things on. I suggested a small neon sign with an arrow pointing to the goods but she was in no mood for my humor and gave me the look.
We had plans, contingent plans and backup contingent plans. Her pussy wanted this badly and her nervousness matched her desire. With everything in order we headed for the mall and she said, "If for some reason I can't talk I want you to jump in and sell it. He might want it but get hung up trying to figure out how. You're good at that."
"Got it."
We entered the store as soon as there were no customers. Suzie zeroed in on the sexiest shoes she could find as Jeremy came up to us with the standard, "Would you like to try those on?"
"Oh, hi, Jeremy, yes I would...six and a half I think."
"I'll take a look," and off to the stockroom he went.
We sat down and she leaned over and whispered to me, "Oh god, my pussy is on fire. I think I already came once."
Jeremy was back in a flash and pulled up and sat on one of those 'shoe trying on thingamabobs.' As he sat in front of her, taking the new shoes out of the box, his appreciation for her beautiful legs was evident but the magic moment was when he slipped the new shoes on her feet.
The too short dress hiked itself even higher and he came face to face with her pink promised land. Holding her leg in one hand he froze for a second. He tried not to look but he couldn't do it and even with all the faking it, Suzie's pussy had him by the balls. Then he suddenly realized he had my disapproval to deal with but instead this was where I made her irresistible to him.
Leaning into him I said, "If I'm reading you right, you want to touch that pussy don't you?"
"I...I...I..."
"It's so wet right now I'll bet your cock would slip in there nicely. I can tell you want to fuck her and I know she wants to fuck you."
"I..."
"So take my naughty slut wife here back to the stockroom and fuck her. I'll watch the store. I used to sell shoes."
(By the way, I never sold shoes.)
With the new shoes on he took her hand and anxiously pulled her in the back. I would glance back through the curtain periodically to watch the action. He had her dress unzipped and on the floor in a heartbeat. She had his pants down and he drilled her doggy as inventory was falling everywhere.
He reached up and held on to her tits and kept ramming her sweet cunt, her juices running down the inside of her thighs. He bent her over some boxes and hit her pussy so hard even those boxes eventually went flying. Her ass shook as he went deeper and deeper.
I had the silly thought that all those upended show boxes would take quite a while to put back together.
Suzie reached back and fingered his balls, encouraging his onslaught. Eventually she reached back and grabbed his ass, pulling him in to accentuate the motion and fuck her harder.
Her whole body convulsed with the first orgasm. I was starting to wonder about myself I enjoyed this so much.
I knew that for Suzie, her eyes rolling back into her head was the payoff for seducing Jeremy. I closed the curtain and greeted a customer and when I looked back Suzie was sitting facing him on the edge of more boxes, his dick still pumping her and both of them passionately kissing. From my angle, watching his hips thrusting over and over between her legs was a massive turn on and I was so mesmerized by the visual of Jeremy fucking my wife I didn't see 'him' come in the store.
I got a little surprise as pretend salesman me encountered real salesman. "Hi, can I help you?"
"Ya, I work here, who are you?"
Caught completely off guard I spit out, "I'm Jim, I just started here."
"I'm Fred, nice to...what's all the noise in the back?"
I tried to engage him in more banal conversation to eat up the time and take his attention off of the obvious sounds of stockroom sex.
I moved in front of the curtain in a vain attempt to hide them but it was a worthless deterrent and he went right past me. "What the fuck?" They stopped and looked up.
"Jeremy, you're fucking this girl back here?" Suddenly looking closer at Suzie's naked body he said, "Holy shit, she's hot. At least you've got good taste." Changing his tone but still locked onto Suzie he said, "You know, I don't want to have to report this because you'd lose your job. Damn she's hot."
Then still salivating over Suzie he came over to her and, thinking he had the goods on them, put his hands on her tits and fondled them.
Suzie, anticipating I might step in, looked at me and shook her head.
"So what's your name?" Fred asked her.
"Suzie"
"Well, Suzie, you're one fine piece of ass. Holy fuck, you're gorgeous. I've got a fucking boner already." Addressing Jeremy, "She's not your girlfriend is she?"
Jeremy shook his head.
He put one hand on the side of her face and caressed her. He leaned in, kissed her and she kissed him back.
She reached for the bulge in his pants. He gasped and made some other unintelligible sound. Then she undid his pants, pulled out his dick and licked his shaft once teasingly.
His voice cracking he said, "Maybe if I were to get some of this I might not even remember what happened."
"Using her ultra-sexy voice she said, I'll tell you what, Fred, I'll fuck both of you and nothing gets said about it. Deal?"
"Deal," said Fred as he raced to get out of his clothes.
She jerked both their cocks then knelt down and blew them. Looking at Fred she said, "How do you like your pussy served?"
"Down and dirty," he said, "and I wanna fuck your ass too."
Once again they bent her over the boxes and both of them ravaged her. She did everything they asked and eventually they took turns fucking her. She'd been back with Jeremy for about a half hour and with both of them for another half hour. Slowly, starting with Fred, they began to take their liberties with the dirty talk. "This slut will do anything for a cock. Isn't that right slut?"
"Yes," she said.
"Now be a good girl and spread your legs, I'm going to fuck that juicy ass of yours and when I'm done, Jeremy is going to fuck you in the ass too." She turned back around and spread her ass cheeks and with a little spit drove into her hard. Fred reached around and covered her mouth with his hand, stifling her audible discomfort. By the time Jeremy followed into her ass they had tied a t-shirt around her mouth to keep her from alerting everyone in the mall.
I watched most of it while still monitoring the store but mostly I couldn't look away.
Grabbing Suzie's hair, Fred pushed her to her knees and told her to be good little bitch and suck them hard and then take their cum on her face. She obeyed and then waited for them to climax. They jerked it hard and Jeremy first shot his cum on her nose and mouth.
That was followed by Fred's blast that was so thick she had to wipe some of it away to see.
When she stood up she was covered with cum from her face to her tits and what was so magnificent was the cum dripping from her lower lip. In that moment she was defiled and yet so gloriously erotic.
She cleaned up in the employee washroom and we left with no one the wiser that she'd just fucked the staff of a mall shoe store.
There was even cum on the new shoes she wore...out the door.
Once in the car I asked, "Did you have a good time? It seemed to get brutal a couple times."
"You're getting to know this side of me well so what do you think?"
"I think that even though your Jeremy tryst got interrupted you seemed more than happy to take on another cock. The nastier they got the more you liked it."
"Bingo. I fucking loved it. I don't know what takes me over but when it happens it's anything goes. I'm sure that it's due in no small part because of the frequency and intensity of my orgasms. I have a hard time stopping. As usual, thanks for being there for me. The shit you said to make Jeremy crazy was unbelievably good. How do you do that?"
"Easy. All I do is say what I'd want to hear and they can't resist."
"Well, I like it and you deserve a medal for having a bonafide slut for a wife. As a thank you I'm sucking your dick all the way home."
"Thank you, dear."