This is part 2 of a true story. I welcome and appreciate all comments/questions, either through onsite feedback or e-mail.
*
The next morning, Mary awoke me with a blowjob. She had only sucked my dick a few times before, always half-heartedly. This time she was all over me. At one point she paused, looked up and licked her lips and said "You like the way I'm sucking your dick?"
Well, yes. Right after that I came and she swallowed it, another first. Then she snuggled up to me.
"Jesus!" I said. "What the hell is going on?"
"I don't know," she said. "All this just gets me so excited."
"All this what?" I replied.
"You know, what happened yesterday."
"You mean you showing your tits, ass and pussy to Don?"
"Yes, me showing my tits, ass and pussy to Don."
"And Don and I rubbing your pussy last night at the party?"
"Yes, that too. It felt so fucking good."
"And you using all these naughty words I've never heard you use before?"
"Yes, that too," she said, giggling. "All of that. It makes me feel like a bad girl. And that makes me so fucking hot."
"So you want to do more of it?"
"Yes."
"What would have happened if Angela hadn't come out last night?"
"I don't know," she replied. Another giggle. "I guess I'd have gotten fingerfucked by two men at once."
"And you'd have liked that?"
"Oh yes."
"Then what would have happened?"
"I don't know. Maybe I'd have given both of you a blowjob like I just gave you."
"You want to give Don a blowjob?"
"Maybe."
She smiled a wicked little smile and fell asleep. I was so hard that I started to wake her up, but decided not to. Soon I was asleep as well.
We woke up very late, around eleven. It being Sunday we decided to go out for brunch. After that we went shopping and Mary bought a few more sexy items. When we got back, Don was standing on his patio as we headed for our building.
"Hi guys," he said. "Why don't ya'll come in and have a drink?"
I started to decline, but Mary interrupted.
"We'll be right down," she said.
She'd worn tailored slacks and a silk blouse on our outing. She stripped down and put on the red bra and panty set she'd just bought, then put the blouse back on, leaving it unbuttoned, and tied it in front over her bra. Then she put on the new skirt she'd bought, another white one, not quite as short as the one from the day before, but with a big wide self-belt.
"You sure you want to go down there?" I asked. "Angela's liable to scratch your eyes out."
"I don't think so," she replied. "Let's go, lover."
Don had one of those keg refrigerators in his bar. he got us each a pint glass of beer and we went into the living room. He and I sat on opposite ends of the couch and Mary sat in the easy chair facing us.
"Well, after ya'll left last night, Angela and I had quite a row," he said. "Finally, she packed up and left again. Third time. So I was left high and dry. And man, was I turned on."
"So was I," Mary said, again astonishing me.
"So you liked having two men playing with your pussy, huh?"
"Yes. I loved it. It felt so good. My pussy was soaking wet."
"Well, I started to come up and knock on ya'll's door."
"You should've," she said, giggling. "You never know what might have happened."
"Really?" he asked.
"Really."
"Well, maybe we could take up where we left off," he said.
"I don't think so," she replied, smiling.
So he started trying to get her to strip for us like she'd done the day before.
"That was a one-time thing," she said. "It's not going to happen again."
But he wouldn't give up. He kept talking about how sexy her tits were with those big hard nipples, and how hot her hairy pussy looked. We had plenty of glimpses of her new red panties, but she seemed content just to talk dirty while stubbornly refusing to repeat her little strip tease.
Meanwhile, Don kept bringing more and more beer until all three of us were pretty buzzed. Suddenly, Mary got up, walked over to me and sat down on my lap.
"Jesus, I'm so horny," she whispered in my ear.
Then she kissed me, pushing her tongue into my mouth. I got hard almost instantly. She wiggled her ass against my rising boner and intensified the kiss.
"Hey, don't do that," Don said.
Mary broke the kiss and turned to him.
"Why not?" she asked.
"Because, it'll just make me even hornier than I've been since last night. And I don't have anybody to play with. It's not fair."
Mary looked at me, then back at Don.
"You're right," she said. "It's not fair."
She got up, went over and sat on his lap and gave him a big tongue kiss. It went on for several minutes.
"Jesus, sugar, you're gonna give me a heart attack," he said.
"Feels more like a hard attack to me," she said, giggling and grinding her ass in his lap.
She got up and came back to me, this time straddling my legs so that her little skirt rode up above her hips, showing off her new panties. After another long wet kiss, she went back to Don and did the same thing.
This went on for quite some time, her moving back and forth between the two of us, each time things getting hotter and hotter. Don's digital camera was lieing on a side table. I picked it up and started taking pictures. I took off her blouse. Don took off her new red bra. We both caressed and kissed her tits. Then we started rubbing her through her panties. She was very wet.
I took off her skirt. Don took off her new panties and slid a finger into her pussy.
"God that feels good!" she said.
He slid his finger out.
"Put it back, put it back," she begged.
"Put what back where?" Don asked.
"Put your finger back in my pussy," she said.
We took turns fingerfucking her. By then we were both down to our boxers and she had her hands inside both of them, rubbing and squeezing our hard cocks. Suddenly she pushed Don up, pulled down his shorts, grabbed his cock and pulled him to her.
"Come here baby," she said. "I want to suck your dick."
And she did, licking all around the tip, then up and down the length of it, finally taking it into her mouth as far as she could. Then she took it out and held it up so she could see it, glistening with her saliva.
"God, Don, you're so big," she said. "So much bigger than Sam. Fuck my slut mouth."
He moved up and started fucking her mouth, getting almost all of his much bigger dick in. She sucked voraciously, stroking and squeezing his big balls, until he came in three long spurts. She swallowed most of it, with just a little oozing out onto her lips and one cheek. Then she just laid there panting until he finally pulled his shriveling cock out. When it cleared her lips, she grabbed it and looked at me.
"My mouth is in love with Don's big dick," she said. "I hope you liked watching that, because it is going to happen again. And again."
I was figuring that maybe it was my turn, but she grabbed up her clothes, took my hand and dragged me up the stairs to our apartment, where yet again there was an animalistic fuck session.