This standalone story is the sequel to New Generations, https://www.literotica.com/beta/s/new-generations.
*
"July 15th," Sara repeated as if it should mean something, but it still meant nothing to me. "As of 20 minutes ago it's my 19th birthday. I'm old enough and we have Aunt Debs permission. I want you to teach me how to make love."
20 minutes after midnight, and suddenly by some magic tick of the clock, National Nude Day was over, my Goddaughter was informing me that she was 19 and can do whatever she wants, and what she wanted was for me to take her to bed.
I just looked at my goddaughter, dumbfounded. The hard cock that just minutes before had been floating on the surface of the water ready to tease and entice her mother had, if not totally shriveled up, shrunk to a somewhat more flaccid state. She rose from her knees in front of me, her oh-so-perfect teenage breasts, that I'd been unable to keep my eyes off all week long, coming out of the water momentarily as she slid into the seat beside me. If I still had my arms on the back of the spa, one would be around her but with my hand on the bench beside me, as she sat and turned toward me a bit, her bottom pushed against it.
She'd been wearing nothing but her cute green thong bikini all day long. I'd ogled her bottom so many times in her tight jeans and shorts during the week. And, of course, I'd ogled her bottom when it was virtually naked except for the thin green strips of her thong. But now, as she turned and slid against me, her naked bottom came to rest against the back of my hand.
The water of the spa, which had only been warm, suddenly felt like it was searing my hand. I was acutely aware that she was totally naked, and it was her naked bottom that was pushing against my hand. I pulled my hand away but there wasn't anything to do with it in the spa but rest it on my own leg, her leg, or put it again onto the back of the spa. I chose the back of the spa, which she interpreted as me putting my arm around her. Turning slightly more into me, she slid closer yet, her breast coming in contact with the side of my chest, her hand sliding onto my stomach above my belly button.
"Sara..." I began, my brain mixed up with all the conflicting messages going through it.
I'd always been the dutiful adult. I'd been the father, the little league coach, the Boy Scout leader, or the neighborhood fix-it man; I was the rescuer when neighbors got in trouble. That had included the neighborhood kids -- I'd thought of them all as practically my own. I'd never had any daughters, but the next-door neighbors had two, the family across the street had another. I always tried to think of them as non-sexual beings; in my mind it wasn't right for daddy's to be attracted to their daughters in a sexual way. I'd seen them grow, reach puberty, and seen little kids start maturing into adults. As they got older, I outwardly never let any attraction show, but it was hard not to appreciate that what used to be "the girls," neighbor girls and others, were turning into women. When those maturing girls found out what"la difference"was and became natural cock teases, wearing skimpy little outfits designed to entice horny boys, it was especially hard to remember they were much, much, younger than me and my interest needed to stay platonic. But, when your teenage boys start having pool parties and dating and have cute teenage girls hanging around, there was a lot of sexy female flesh to be seen - without staring. I'd always tried to keep from outright ogling the cuties who were frolicking in my pool with my boys and probably introducing them to the pleasures of their bodies, but just as Sara had been looking very cute and very desirable and I'd found my eyes inexorably drawn to her for the last week, many was the time I'd found myself with less than fatherly thoughts to the pulchritudinous displays in my yard.
Their mom, Debs, had made sure both boys knew about safe sex and how not to get girls pregnant even before they were interested in such things. The boys knew what a penis was and what a vas deferens was, where a clit or a cervix was, long before they had any desire to explore their whereabouts physically. Debs especially made sure they knew what condoms were and how to use them. She got them free as part of her sex ed programs with the local Health Department and kept a bowl of them in the first cupboard in the front hallway. She told the boys (and I'm sure the neighbor girls also) that the bowl would remain full and she didn't want to know (or care to know) who took them, but they were never to take a chance on an unwanted pregnancy. It was a long time before she mentioned to me that she'd noticed condoms had begun disappearing from the bowl. We never did figure who was taking them first, as it was quite some time later before our oldest had a girlfriend. Other than that, I never even knew that condoms had disappeared; Debs just made sure it was always full. She refilled the bowl from her magical supply and I'm sure more than one unwanted teen pregnancy was prevented -- and not just from my own boys.
Sara's cuddling up against me with her naked body flipped my mind to the afternoon, not all that long before, when I'd come home early to find both boys in the pool with two of the neighbor girls cuddling and laughing against the near edge of the pool. I just hollered hello as I went in the door as if I was oblivious, but I'd definitely noticed the two bikini tops on chairs. Instead of going straight to the office like I normally did, I'd moved toward the kitchen where I could look over the pool and yard without being seen, and had been just in time to see the two girls running to the chair, topless. I couldn't move out into the open to see anymore without being seen myself, but I knew what was going on. The girls disappeared a few minutes later, the boys coming inside to change out of their swimsuits. That I'd seen the girls topless, I would never tell -- but I had seen. Every time after that when those neighbor girls were around, I couldn't help but wonder just how active my boys and those cute girls were getting.
ButIhad never even been tempted to think about playing with them. Their mothers were something else; both women were true MILF's. Women of my own age that I found attractive, sexy, and admittedly I had wondered upon occasion what being with them would be like. But as for attraction to the neighborhood kids - I was the mature adult, the neighborhood hero, and my conscious wouldn't let me even contemplate such a thing.
But now, here in my own spa, her naked body next to my naked body, was an even more luscious example of a now legal, although still teenage, adult beauty who was asking me to do those things that I'd trained myself not to even think about. She wasaskingme to make love to her. She wasaskingme to fondle her breasts. She wasaskingme to do everything with her that I'd ever done with her mother.
Despite my misgivings, the other part of my brain was contemplating that Debs and Jen and Bill all had to be in on this. Debs had gotten me a little blue pill and commented on how once wasn't going to be enough tonight; her words, mentioning how she loved me, echoed through my mind. It was that last, the mentioning how much she loved me, that really confirmed it. That had always been her code phrase telling me that whatever happened, was OK with her. That Jen had slept in my bed and Debs in Bill's virtually all week long, with the exception of the night we'd all started on our bed and Jen and Bill had gone to their bed after we'd all played together, indicated that she was giving me permission to play with Sara. And then Debs and Bill had stayed inside and conveniently called Jen inside just before Sara showed up -- there definitely had to be a female conspiracy going on.
"I don't ... I can't..." I continued, and then stopped. Something about what Sara had said finally hit home. Going through my head, I suddenly realized, my oldest son and Sara were only a few weeks different in ages. My oldest sons 18th birthday had been just last month. Sara wasn't 19 today; today had to be just her 18th birthday. "Sara, why did you say you're 19?"
"I didn't."
"You didn't?" I asked, surprised. "But you said..."
"I said it was my 19th Birthday."
"So you're 19 years old..."
"No, I just turned 18. It's my nineteenth birthday."
I shook my head, befuddled. "I don't get it."
"That's because you are like most people. You've forgotten what you're really talking about and say it wrong. Yourbirthday is the day you're born. What we celebrate when we have our firstbirthday partyis really the firstanniversaryof your first birthday -- but it's yoursecondbirthday. We'vecompletedone full year of life, but it's the first day of oursecondyear. So today is my 19th birthday. I'm 18 years old, but I'm in my 19th year, and it's the 18thanniversaryof my birthday, and that day started half an hour ago."
I sat back, my mind catching up, columns and rows sorting in my mind, order arranging from chaos. "So, what you're saying...." I stopped, I wasn't sure what she was saying except that my mind kept coming back to her previous statement,"I'm old enough and we have Aunt Debs permission. I want you to teach me how to make love."
"Aunts Debs said I could have you teach me, but I had to wait until I was 18." She snuggled up closer, her face turning up to mine. "She and Mom said I can have you for my birthday," she said, her hand sliding down my belly to my still only half-erect cock.
Sara's hand on my cock seemed to shake the cobwebs from my mind. All the taboos of the last 20 years or more of my life and marriage, all the societal norms about family and minors and what constitutes consensual acts coming to the forefront of my mind. "Sara, I can't." My hand came down from the edge of the spa and caught her shoulder, holding her as I moved back. "You're my Goddaughter, practically myowndaughter. I can't... we shouldn't..." I slid to the corner of the spa, putting as much distance between us as I could. "I'm sorry Sara, I can't do that."
Sara sat motionless -- a look on her face as if I'd slapped her. Ten seconds she sat; fifteen ... and suddenly she moved. Standing, with one step up to the edge, she turned and stepped out of the spa, grabbed the towel from the edge of the table and began walking toward the sliding door of the patio, in just a few seconds she began running. My eyes followed her; the thought popping unbidden into my mind of how this naked girl looked so much like her mother had so many years before.
Turning into the hall she headed for the bedrooms, and suddenly I saw her mother run down the hall with a glance out toward me and the spa. I knew I'd done the right thing, but why is it that I had the queasy feeling this wasn't going to turn out well?
I stood up and grabbed my towel, standing and drying myself before I too headed inside. No sooner had I gotten to the door than Debs met me in the doorway, coming from the kitchen. "What's going on, Jim?"
I had to shrug my shoulders, a bit befuddled myself. "I... I'm not sure?" I answered suddenly feeling like my world was upside down. 20 minutes before I'd been about to get frisky with Jen in the spa, and now I had that sinking feeling that something was wrong.
"What's not to know? You're going to go in with Sara and make her a happy girl, right?"
I just stared at Debs; the truth was just the opposite. I shook my head no. "Debs," I said her name with a"how can you ask such a thing"tone, "She's our goddaughter for Christ sake, and yesterday she was just a kid. You can't mean you expect that just because it's her birthday..."
"Youturned her down?" She asked, the incredulity in her voice really throwing me off.
"What was I supposed to do?" I asked her in return. She just stared at me for ten seconds or so before answering.
"You're a fricking ass sometimes, do you know that? A youngwomanjust offered you the most valuable thing that she has, and youturned her down?" She shook her head. "I thought you were smarter than that." Turning she headed down the hall toward the bedrooms. I watched her go, one half of my mind saying,"are you kidding me?"the other half saying"you're so stupid."I turned and headed toward the living room.
My wine glass was on the counter next to the nearly empty wine bottle. It dawned on me that they really hadn't planned on bringing me another glass -- the three of them had already filled their glasses and moved on. I stopped and emptied the bottle into my glass before taking it with me and heading to the family room. Bill was standing facing me, naked, but not quite flaccid. He just looked at me, holding his glass of wine. I stopped and looked at him; he didn't say anything, just looked right at me.
"What?" I asked offensively, "You too?"
"Grudgingly, but yeah, me too."
"Grudgingly?" I repeated. He nodded.
"Six months or a year ago," he said, starting slowly, "if Jen had told me that Sara wanted to fuck someone as old as I was, I'd have said she needed a shrink. When, just a few months ago, Jen told me that you were going to be Sara's birthday present, I said, 'Over my dead body!' He touches her and I'll kill him personally."
"Exactly!" I said, finally hearing some sense from someone I respected. He paused a bit.
"And then Debs and Jen told me what she wanted and why; and then they told me that she really needed you, but more important shewantedyou. She wants you to teach her the same things you taught her mother. She wants the same things that Debs taught me."
"Debs has already had 'the talk' with her, hasn't she?"
"She doesn't want what Debs can tell her, she wants what Jim can teach her."
"And you're ok with that?" He just looked at me; I could see the same mixed emotions running through his mind that were running through mine.
"It doesn't seem to matter what I think." Here he paused, looking directly into my eyes, "but if you hurt my little girl, I will personally cut your dick off and shove it down your throat."
Debs call of "Jim! Will you come here please?" saved me from the awkward moment with Bill. She was waiting for me in the living room, now wearing her white silky robe. In other circumstances it was a sign that she was open for playing. Tonight, it meant she wasn't, at least at the moment. "She's devastated you know. You did exactly what she was afraid of -- rejecting her like that."
"I didn't reject her..." I lied. "Come on Debs, it's just ...."
"It's just what? A young woman offers herself to you and asks you to teach her to be a woman, to teach her what you taught her mother and me -- and you turned her down?"
"So what was I supposed to do? She's practically my own daughter! And besides, as pretty as she is, you mean she can't find a boyfriend? You want me to believe she'd rather have me than some young college stud?"
"So you did notice her."
"What? Yes, of course I noticed her. My God how could I not? Every red-blooded male in town was noticing her today."
"She said you weren't; that you barely even looked her way today."
"Are you kidding me? That's just exactly the opposite of what it was. I just looked the other way whenever she was looking just so she wouldn't think I was a..." I stopped.
"A what?" she prompted.
"So... so she wouldn't think I was just an old pervert, leering at her."
"So instead you've made her think her dream isn't interested in her."
"She's our goddaughter Debs, for Christ's sake, are you saying Ishould..." She smiled at me wryly, and with a slight cock of her head said, "If you won't, maybe I will. Do you suppose she's as sweet as her mother?"
"What?" I responded. Although Debs had played with a few women before, including Sara's mother Jenny, I don't think I'd ever heard her say she was interested like that.
"I already know she likes women, so why not? I don't mind."
I didn't know what to say, somewhat stunned at the turn of events. Debs reached out her hand to mine and pulled me to her. Leaning up she kissed me gently on the lips. "Jim, this isn't spur of the moment. Sara asked for this almost a year ago. We've all discussed it, and we're all OK with it."
"We'reallOK with it?" I repeated.
"Well, Bill was a little reluctant at first, but he finally came around. Jen really can be quite convincing when she wants to be."
"Yeah, well I'm not OK with it. You said we'reallOK with it?" I said, emphasizing theall, but you've never even so much as mentioned this to me. Jesus, Debs, she's ourgoddaughter.It's like asking me to fuck my own daughter!"
Debs looked at me and nodded. Several long moments went by before she said anything again. "How old was I when we had our first date?"
I knew exactly but acted like I had to think about it for a moment. "It was your prom, just before your eighteenth birthday."
"God you were such a hunk. I remember when I first saw you in your Marine uniform."
"But I was your age, too."
"No, you weren't. You were 5 years older. What happened after our first date?"
In all our years of going together, of being married, we'd never once talked about that first date. I didn't know until now if she'd forgotten it, or just didn't want to remember it, but I know -- I knew what a disaster it had been. I didn't answer.
"You took me to the hill in the park. Lover's lane. Remember?"
"How could I forget?"
"Yeah, me too. You scared the shit out of me."
"How's that? All I did was try to kiss you."
"The hell you did! You kissed me, and you tried to unzip my dress, and then you grabbed my boob."
"I was just caressing you..." I defended myself.
"I know, honey," Debs said, reaching up and touching my cheek. "I know that now, but at the time I had never even kissed a boy before, and there you were trying to undress me."
I nodded, thinking back, remembering I'd thought she was a cock tease, the way she'd hung on me all evening, and then when we'd parked, she'd freaked out and made me take her home.
"You were too fast for me. You were five years older, five years more experienced and I just wasn't ready. Do you remember our second date?"
I nodded, "Almost a year later?"
"I was 18 -- the same age Sara is right now."
"You were still a prude though."
"I don't know as I was aprude, I was just inexperienced."
I raised an eyebrow and looked down at her. "No, you were definitely a prude."
"Ok, so I was a prude. But by that time, I was ready for more, and I wanted you, and you taught me. I'd never kissed anyone but you, I'd never let anyone feel me up before, I'd never felt a cock before," her hand slipped between us and gripped me, "but you changed all that." She let go of my cock, sliding her arms around me and I put mine around her at the same time. "Sara's the same age I was, but she hasn't been as sheltered as I was. She's had some experiences, but she knows it can be better. She's asked. This is what she wants." She paused and leaned back slightly in my arms to look into my face. "I'm OK with it, Jim, and so are her mother and father." Pulling away from my hug, she gripped my hand and started down the hallway towards the bedrooms.
We stopped just outside the door to Debs and my bedroom, just out of sight, eavesdropping. A muffled voice said something unintelligible, followed by Jen's voice, "Oh honey, of course Uncle Jim is going to want you. It's just that we shouldn't have sprung this on him. "
Debs pulled me by the hand and stepped forward into the room.
Jen was standing by the bed, still naked, facing into the dressing area where apparently Sara was although she was still out of sight. "Jim's going to be OK with this," Debs said. "You're right, we shouldn't have sprung it on him; it was too much of a surprise. But we're OK now, aren't we honey?" I didn't say anything, just looked up at Jen and then back at Debs. Releasing my hand, she reached her hand out to Jen. "Let's go, they'll be OK now."
Jen glanced at Debs, and me, and then once more into the dressing area before stepping toward us. Debs turned to the door, pulling it shut as the two of them left the room.
I stepped forward to where I could see into the dressing area, and to Sara, standing with her back to the mirrors, facing me.
If there had been any doubt in my mind about whether Sara really wanted sex or not, it disappeared when I saw the apparition standing in front of the mirror. No longer naked, now she was dressed in a red diaphanous nighty. Underneath, an open cup bra supported and displayed her breasts, the satiny material resting against the hard points of her nipples. A red panty filled out the outfit; I didn't at first realize that the panty had a split crotch. All I could do was stop, stunned, and said "Wow!" I'm sure my eyes bugged out, Sara was an absolute dream -- as exquisite a creature as has ever graced the pages of any magazine. "My God, Sara -- that's absolutely stunning."
Suddenly I knew that I'd never be able to look at Sara as my innocent goddaughter again. I felt my cock begin to swell, the knowledge that it was ok to look and desire this beautiful, if young, woman gradually saturating my conscious.
I reached up, holding a hand to her and she stepped forward, slowly, before reaching up to take my hand. "Do you like it?"
"It's gorgeous, Sara. You're gorgeous."
Her eyes looked into mine, trying to discern the lie or truth of the statement, "Do you really think so?"
In response I drew her closer, sliding my other hand around her waist, and into the small of her back to pull her to me. Bending my face down to hers, her face upturned, and as I moved closer her eyes closed.
I'd kissed Sara before. Pecks on the cheek, goodbye kisses on the forehead; she'd even kissed me on the lips before. My previous kisses with her had never been a lover's kiss, only the kiss of a fond parent or uncle, the momentary touch of my lips to hers. I'd kissed lips that were also kissing back, but it had always been platonic in nature. I'd never kissed her open mouthed, our tongues had never touched; there had never been anything sexual in all her eighteen years.
Likewise, there had never been any touching that had even a hint of a sexual nature.
I'd never before been naked with her either. I'd never fondled her bottom, run my hand up her back; I'd never fondled her breasts or pinched a nipple between thumb and finger -- but I did all that now.
Now I was nude, and she was virtually nude -- and I know her "virtually" naked was a lot sexier than my fully naked. Despite my misgivings, seeing her in her red lingerie, nipples hard and protruding through the sheer material, peeks of a sweet pussy through the slit in her panties, my cock began responding even before I touched her, or she touched me.
I reached a hand out to her, and wrapping her fingers in mine, pulled her to me, my other hand and arm going around her onto the small of her back. Her lips glistened, whether with moisture or lip-gloss I could not tell, but as I bent my face to hers, she sucked her lower lip between her teeth momentarily, her eyes closing just before my lips touched hers. She gave herself fully to the kiss. Almost instantly her mouth opened to match mine, her tongue coming out to play. When it touched mine, she enticed me to chase hers back into her mouth where she hungrily sucked, dueling for position. She might not have been very experienced sexually, but she certainly was experienced in kissing.
I slid my rear hand down her back and onto her bottom, my forward hand sliding slowly up the satiny skin of her inner arm before slipping it between us to cup her breast. Her free hand reached down between our bodies directly to my now almost painfully hard penis.
At first her lips were on mine, our heads cocked, mouths ravenously devouring each other as our hands roamed each other's body. Much too soon Sara broke the kiss, moving from foreplay and lovers getting to know and arousing each other into something more. Her mouth and lips made a trail of kisses on my body, always moving lower. Her nose caught my chin, pushing it upward, as her lips kissed my Adams apple and then dropped into the hollow of my neck. Moving to my chest, several kisses on my upper chest lowered to my nipples, which she sucked and nipped, her tongue twirling around my small nub just as mine soon would be around hers.
Her lips spread a chain of fire everywhere they touched. Her hand, once it wrapped around my cock, never let go. She squeezed and stroked, fondled and played. Moving her hand over the head, then down the shaft until her finger caressed my balls, her thumb hooked over the shaft, so she didn't let go.
In similar fashion my hands were stroking her body, exploring everywhere that I'd imagined exploring all week long. In my mind I would have said my hands were seducing her, fondling her through the barely-there hot little number that she was wearing. I was trying to slowly arouse her, fondle her in a way I suspected she'd never been fondled before, never been caressed before; but with the way she was handling me -- something was different.
With any other woman who gripped my penis this early and this hard in our caresses, I would have known instantly that she was horny and wanton. It happens sometimes to both men and women; that occasional experience where we can sometimes skip the foreplay, skip getting to know our partner's body and getting them and our self, aroused; to go straight for an orgasm.
With Debs, there had been multiple times over the years where one or the other of us had had walked through the door coming home from work, stripping our clothes off and said, "I need to fuck -- now!" and the other had obligingly taken care of their need.
But here, I sensed something different. Yes, she was playing my body like an experienced lover. That she knew what she was doing was obvious; this wasn't the first time she'd ever loved on a man. When she dropped to her knees, sucking the head of my cock between her lips, it was apparent that she'd had a cock in her mouth before. With her mouth wrapped around my erection and her hand still stroking, she was not just accepting my body and finding out what was pleasing to me or her, but stroking to get me off, stroking to make me cum. Her mouth bobbed on me, continually taking me deeper in her mouth. It wasn't unpleasant, but something was missing. And then I realized what it was.
Reaching down and stroking her head and hair, getting her attention, before stooping slightly, I pulled my cock away from her and reaching to her armpits, lifted her upright again. "Sara," I said, just speaking her name.
Seemingly reluctantly, she rose, and I pulled her against me wrapping one arm around her, tilting her face to me with the other. Her lips were warm and wet from sucking my cock as I bent my head and kissed her again. Her hand slid between us, finding and gripping me once again.
"What are you doing?" I asked as I pulled away from the kiss and nuzzled her cheek. Her hand that had been stroking me, stopped. She looked up into my face, uncertainty in her eyes.
"Aren't I doing OK? I can get you all the way in, it just takes me a minute."
"It's ok, you're doing fine, baby. Butwhatare you doing?"
She looked up at me, puzzled. "Sucking your cock?"
"Butwhyare you sucking my cock?"
Her befuddled look increased. "You don't want me to suck you off?"
Did I want her to suck me off? My beautiful, raven haired, goddaughter, the young woman that I'd secretly lusted after all week long? Of course I did, but that wasn't the point. But - how to answer?
"Sweetheart, how long do you think it takes me to masturbate?"
"Huh?" I waited. She shook her head, "I don't know."
"I would bet that I could go from totally soft to blowing my load in less than 2 minutes."
"What?" She looked down at her hand, still wrapped around my cock, the head glistening with her saliva. "No way. It only takes you two minutes?"
"No. Most of the time when I masturbate its takes about 20 minutes or more."
"But you said..."
"I said Icould,I didn't say Idid.So I'll ask again,Whyare you sucking my cock?"
"You don't want me to suck you?" She asked in response, the puzzlement in her voice telling me she wasn't getting it.
I laughed. "Oh baby, believe me, I've been dreaming of your pretty little mouth sucking my cock all week long, butwhyareyousucking my cock?" I changed the emphasis on the words just slightly.
"But I thought you wanted me to?"
"Sowhydid you think I wanted you to?" This time she paused.
"That's what I've always done... with my boyfriends."'
"You're out on a date, you go home or park somewhere, you kiss for a few minutes and then you go down on them? Is that it?" she didn't have to answer. Taking her hand, I pulled her to her feet and back into my arms. "If Icanget myself off in just a couple of minutes,whydo I take 20 minutes or more?" I stepped backward, drawing her with me, and sat on the edge of the bed. She was just tall enough that now she was looking me in the eyes. I looked down at her magnificent chest and breasts exposed to me through her nightie and leaned in, sucking some of the cloth and a nipple into my mouth.
"Hmmm?" I asked again, pinching her nipple in my teeth. I relinquished it momentarily, "whydo I take 20 minutes or more?" I asked again before moving sideways a few inches and repeating my sucking and nipping on her other nipple.
"I... I don't know." There was a sharp intake of breath as I gently nipped her nipple. "Because you can't do it that fast all the time?" I sucked her nipple into my mouth, my hand coming up to catch her other nipple and roll it between a thumb and forefinger. "I can't concentrate when you're doing that."
I pulled away with my mouth, my second hand coming between us, finding and pinching. "I know," I answered, a tiny shudder coursing through her body. "The answer is that I don'twantto do it that fast." I let her think about it for a few seconds as I continued to roll her nipples, and then released them and pulled her to sit on the bed beside me. "What turns me on?"
"What?" she answered, puzzled.
"You heard me, what turns me on?"
"I... I... I don't know," she stammered.
"Do your nipples turn you on?" I asked in response, gently pushing her down onto her back, my hand rising from her belly to her breasts, finding and pinching her nearest nipple again. I didn't give her a chance to answer. "How did I know that they did?"
"Because I'm a girl? Don't we all?"
"Because you're a woman?" I corrected. "No, not every woman gets as much pleasure from their nipples that you and your mom do. Or Debs for that matter. So why do I take 20 minutes or more to masturbate when I can, quite easily, do it in just a couple of minutes?" I continued, bringing the questioning back to the start, and then answering my own question. "Perhaps because Iwantto? It's not about the destination, Sara, it's the getting there. You were sucking me, not because you wanted to, but because you thought I wanted you to, and the goal for you was to prove that you can suck cock to get me off and to prove that you're good at it." I'd quit pinching her nipple, just resting my hand on the delectable flesh of her breast, and just looked at her.
"Am I right?" I asked after perhaps a minute. Her nodding head confirmed it.
"So now, I know at least some of what turns you on," my fingers thumped back and forth across her nipple once again, "but what turns me on?" Her head wiggled back and forth in an "I don't know" headshake. "Ah, but I think you do -- or at least you can. "
I sat up from the elbow that I'd leaned back on as I'd been beside her, stood and stepped over to the dresser. Opening our play drawer, I pulled out the silky cloth strap that I knew was there. Stepping back to the bed, she looked at me and the cloth and asked, "What's that? What are you going to do?"
"Do you trust me?" I asked, holding it out for her to see that it was just a soft cloth strap, several inches wide. Her body language at first had said that no, she didn't trust me to do just anything, but now as she saw exactly what I was holding, her muscles softened, and her head nodded. Taking the cloth, I placed it over her eyes and gently tied it behind her head.
"Now we've got your eyes out of the picture, what turns me on?"
"How can I know? I can't see you."
I waited for a couple of moments before pushing her onto her back once again. Climbing onto the bed so that I straddled her I leaned down and brought my mouth up next to her ear. Breathing out, through my nose at first, and then blowing gently on her ear I finished by whispering, "Well, there's still hearing," and then sticking my tongue out I licked her earlobe, "and taste." I straightened up, moving up over her further on the bed, her arms spreading out as my knees forced them out of the way. When I was astraddle her chest, I leaned forward and with one hand guided my cock against her face. She opened her mouth and would have taken me, but I didn't put myself there. I stroked her cheeks and chin and nose, and although her tongue came out and licked me when she could, that wasn't the point. "And touch."
I slowly moved back down her body and off the bed, rubbing my cock against her nipples and breasts, not hesitating to kiss my way down her body. Raising the edge of the flimsy material I kissed the bare skin of her belly for the first time, kissing down across the panty, I slipped my tongue into the split of the material and against her flesh, a slight constriction of her muscles the only acknowledgement that I had just touched her pussy with my tongue. Backing away, just slightly, I inhaled, and then moved back forward pushing my nose into her slit. "Mmmm," I breathed out, "and let's not forget smell." I inhaled again, moving slightly to bury my nose between her lips, feeling her wetness and finally bumping against the hard point that I knew was buried there. "Is there anything sexier than the smell of an aroused woman?"
I slid further down off the bed, purposely rubbing my cock across her thighs before following with my hands. Stroking the flesh of her legs, I gently lifted her left leg until it was extended outright. I brought it against my chest, brushing her feet through my chest hair, before raising it a bit higher and kissing the bottom of her feet. Watching her reaction as I did, I kissed her toes one by one, and when I got to the big toe, sucked it into my mouth. Her sudden twitch told me all that I needed to know. I lowered her leg and kissed my way back up her body until I could lie on top of her. Resting most of my weight on my elbows, my cock was pressed into her belly.
"Now it's your turn to find out what turns me on."
I didn't move, just laid there on top of her waiting for her next move. Her hands moved first, reaching up to stroke my arms and then going a bit further to stroke my back. When I didn't move, they reached for her head and the blindfold. Rising up a bit on one elbow, I reached up and gripped her hand. "No, leave the blindfold. Pay attention with your other senses; don't let your eyes dictate what else you can learn." Her hand dropped back to her side and reached again to stroke my arm.
"I can't move with you on me."
"Would you like me to move? Just tell me what to do."
That's all it took to get her started. I rolled off her, as per her directions; we ended up reversing ourselves so that she crawled up on top of me. It didn't take too long of trying to rub her body against mine that she realized that lingerie was more a visual stimulant than a tactile stimulant. When she complained that the cloth between us was irritating, I didn't tell her what to do, I just asked her what she wanted to do about it. In response she rolled off to one side and I watched as she peeled the negligee and panty off and climbed back on top of me, now as nude as I was except for the bandana across her eyes. Her belly rested against my cock; I couldn't tell for sure but thought perhaps she was using my hardness as a gauge of how aroused I was. I was erect, but I had been continuously -- there wasn't much she was going to learn about me from that. Relaxing a bit, she dropped her head to my chest. "Mmm, this is nice," she said, her hands once again coming up to caress my upper arms. I didn't respond or move myself. "I don't get it," Sara said a bit later. "What am I supposed to do?"
"That's up to you," I answered. "Explore me the way I explored you. Use your senses and find out what makes me tick. You can't see that I'm hard, but you can feel it. You can hear how I respond. You can touch, you can smell. Use your other senses and see if you can find out what turns me on. And don't forgot to use your sex organ." She didn't say anything, her hesitation just enough to know that she didn't quite understand.
"My sex organ? You mean my pussy?"
"Not your genitals, your sex organ."
Another pause while she was thinking ended with "I don't get it."
"We humans really only have one sex organ. We all talk about our genitals as sex organs, but what turns us on is our mind. If you want to know what turns me on or if I want to know what turns you on, it's in our minds that we'll find it."
She reacted predictably. A bit shy to start with, she explored me with her hands. Her fingers traced my face; she pinched my nose shut and held it until I opened my mouth and inhaled, eliciting a giggle from her. Her hands rubbed my face, feeling the fine stubble of five o'clock shadow (if that's possible at 2 in the morning), and moved down my body. When her hands found my chest, her fingers found and pinched my nipples, and at the same time, sitting on my cock and waist as she was, she wiggled just a bit there.
She rose up and leaned forward, directing her breasts to my face, guiding her nipples to my mouth, which I didn't hesitate to suck and lick as long as she held them there. Sliding down a bit, she guided her breasts to mine, searching blind until, with the help of her hand, she rubbed her nipples against mine. She hadn't asked me to do anything; I just kept my hands by my sides the whole time.
Continuing to touch me with her breasts, she moved down my body, her nipples dragging against mine. A nipple found my belly button, her body pressing her breast against my belly as if my belly button was a pocket for her nipple. With a giggle she raised back up, alternately dragging each nipple across my body until the first found the head of my cock. Swinging her upper body back and forth, she alternated dragging each nipple across my glans. Moving away with her breasts, she took over with her mouth. Starting back at the top, she kissed my chest, my own nipples, continuing her way down my belly until her mouth finally reaching my cock.
She kissed it once, and then sticking her tongue out, ran it down the shaft, finding the soft spot and continuing to my balls. Rising back up she gripped me with her hand, feeling my cock, sliding the loose skin, rubbing her fingers over the head until she held me upright and took the head into her mouth. I couldn't stop my flinch, I knew she felt that, but I made not a sound.
She ran her tongue around my cockhead before pulling back, kissing it once more, and moving on down my legs. When she reached my feet, she played with them with her breasts, bouncing her nipples across my toes, before leaning in and kissing my toes. She did as I had, sucking my big toe into her mouth, which although it did cause an interesting reaction that I felt in my nipples, otherwise didn't do much for me. Seemingly having explored my body from one end to the other, she pulled away and crawled up next to me. Her hand reached for the blindfold. "Leave it," I said, my hand reaching to grip her wrist.
"There's more?" she asked, surprise in her voice.
"Don't be in such a rush," I answered, "of course there's more. Good sex isn't just about an orgasm. An orgasm is like icing on a cake; the cake is better with it. We can have the cake without the icing and it's still good, but the icing by itself except in small quantities, isn't. Tell me, what did you discover about me?"
She giggled.
"What's the giggle for?"
"Oh, nothing. It was kind of fun."
"So what did you discover that was fun?"
"Well... you liked having my nipples in your mouth..."
"Uh huh, and how did you know that?"
"You chased me as I pulled away." I thought back and realized I had done exactly as she said.
"And what else?"
Again she giggled, "You liked me taking your cock in my mouth."
"Hmm," I answered, "I can't deny that -- but how did you know that?" I remembered consciously trying not to groan or otherwise move to respond to her ministrations, but apparently, she'd sensed something.
"Well, he swelled up while I was sucking on him."
I laughed. "Busted! Nothing I could do about that. You know I was trying to not make any movements totellyou what I liked, just letting you discover on your own."
"I didn't know, but now that you say it that makes sense."
"So what else? You discovered I liked certain things in my mouth, or your mouth. Anything else? What about when you sucked my toe, what did you discover there?"
"I don't know. You didn't really respond to that."'
"Yeah, didn't do much for me. What about you, you twitched a bit when I sucked your toe..."
She didn't say anything for a moment. "I, uh, yeah -- maybe. I've never thought of my feet as sexy before, but when you sucked my toe...."
"Feet and toes are big time erogenous zones for some people. It's possible to give a guy a "foot job", and it's possible to give a woman a toe job. Some people have a real foot or toe fetish, from masturbating their partner with their feet to sucking on toes. So it did do something for you?"
"Yeah, a little. It kind of surprised me; I felt a twinge when you did, just like you were playing with me somewhere else."
"So you learned something new about you. You learned a few things about tasting and touch, but did you learn anything about smell or hearing?"
"I like your smell, but I don't like the chlorine from the pool."
"And I like your smell too, but yeah -- the chlorine is a bit overpowering. I should probably go take a shower, huh?"
She giggled again, "Or maybe in a bit we can take one together?"
"Now that could be fun. Why didn't you have me smell or taste your pussy?" I paused. "I know you wanted me to." She didn't answer. "It's ok, Sara. Tell me."
"It's just that most guys don't... want to... you know...."
"Hmm. I'm not exactly 'most guys' either. Good sex is about doing what you want, and the best sex is doing what you want to others. Giving usually results in getting more than you give. In this case, you were in charge, I was doing what you wanted -- if you'd tried, you'd have discovered I love going down on a woman, using my tongue on her." I paused a moment. "So what about hearing? Did you learn anything with your hearing?"
"I don't know. I kept listening for a moan or grunt or anything. I did hear your stomach gurgle," her giggle told me she knew that wasn't important, "but not really."
"I'm not surprised."
"Why's that?"
"Because you missed the most obvious; the easiest way to tell if someone likes something is to ask. You never asked anything, so you never got an answer. You tried to discover everything on your own, but never elicited my help. Making love is a two-way street; give and take, asking and receiving, trying to please your partner and receiving pleasure in return." She didn't say anything, I waited a few moments. "Have you ever asked your partner what turns them on before?"
"Not really."
"So, shall we try it again? You're in charge, it's up to you how, but explore me, get to know me, and find out what turns me on."
The sound of her inhale next to my ear, her mouth on my earlobe was almost the same as before, her "Does Aunt Debs loves your smell as much as I do?" the major difference. Taking my words to heart, she explored my body again, adding in little whispers of what she liked; little questions of whether I liked it or not. Her nipples tantalizing my tongue led to the question of whether I really liked to tongue pussy, which led to her straddling my chest and moving forward until her lips came in contact with my mouth.
The gentle touch of her pussy elicited a gentle touch of my tongue. Reaching out I slithered between her lips, the first touch of her clit drawing a shiver of pleasure from her. Barely pressing against my mouth at first, the more I tongued her, the harder her pelvis pressed against me. As she neared orgasm, she stopped grinding her pussy into my mouth just long enough to reach down and lift my hands to her breasts. Her gentle pressing gradually became harder, more needy, until with a gasp her legs clinched against my head, her body shuddering. She didn't ask me to stop; she just moved her crotch away from my face, her body sliding down on top of mine, her torso hugging against me as she laid herself out on top of me with her head just under my chin. Collapsed on top of me, she just lay there for a few moments until a shiver shook her body. She rose back up until she could lean in and kiss me, hungrily sucking my tongue from my mouth, tasting her own juices on my lips.
Having placed my hands on her breasts earlier I took it as permission to continue fondling her. With her body pressed against mine, I slid them onto her back and onto her bottom, feeling the smooth skin of her ass cheeks -- the same smooth skin I'd been ogling in her bikini.
"Does that turn you on?" she asked, pulling away from my lips, her kiss moving first to my chin and then once again down my body. I understood she was asking if my eating her pussy aroused me.
"Umm. I should say so," I spoke quietly in return. "There's nothing better than getting your lover off with your tongue."
"That was really nice," she said as she continued to move her body lower, her pelvis now straddling mine. Her body had come in contact with my cock, but rising just a bit, it centered and she lowered herself against me again, this time with my cock resting in the groove of her pussy. She moved just a bit, a slight shudder and "Mmm" escaping as I could tell her clit had pushed against my cock. The remaining saliva from my mouth as well has her own juices were providing enough lubrication so, as she moved against me, it was almost frictionless.
"Is that nice?" I asked, her movements gradually increasing into an up and down motion. If she'd slid me inside her we would have been fucking, but resting against my dick as she was, she was merely masturbating against my cock.
"Mmm, yeah... that's nice."
"I can tell."
"I'm so wet."
"Uh-huh."
"And you're so hard... you feel so good!"
"Ummm. Do you masturbate that way? Using a dildo against your clit?" Her body was gradually moving up and down in longer and longer strokes, sliding further and further up and down, my cock riding in the cleft of her pussy. It was several moments before she answered.
"Sometimes. But it's not as nice as the real thing."
I crossed my legs, forcing more blood into my already engorged cock, feeling it swell and eliciting another "mmm" of pleasure from Sara as it did. I felt the little shivers of pleasure from her body gradually increasing until she needlessly said, "I'm going to cum again."
"Umm, I love that!" I answered, "helping my lover cum.... Go ahead, cum for me baby!" I urged, although the way she was riding me there was nothing I could do to help her impending orgasm. Finally her body convulsed, and her legs clinched again, her motions momentarily stopping. She stilled, and then as she began to move again her body spasmed, and then yet again, the friction of her clit against my cock inducing a convulsion each time she moved.
Raising her body above me and leaning up to my head she reached back down and gripped my cock, raising it to a more upright position and then lowered herself back down, now with my cock for the first time inside her. "Ohhh!" She groaned as she filled herself with my erection, "My God you feel so good, Uncle Jimmy." She settled down gradually until she was bottomed out and then just sat there.
Sitting up as she now was, her hands rested on my stomach. Leaning forward she ran them across my chest, even as mine rose up her stomach to fill themselves with her breasts. "I think I got carried away," she said.
"That was the point, wasn't it?"
"But I thought it was to find out what turns you on?"
"I'd say you did a pretty good job of that. I don't think there's anything that gets me as aroused as helping my lover cum. Unless it's watching her pleasure herself, even if she is using my cock."
She giggled. "I guess I did sort of do that, didn't I?"
"Uh-huh."
She raised her hips and settled back down. "I don't think I've ever cum twice before the guy before. Do we need to get you off?"
"There's plenty of time for that." She wiggled her pelvis, grinding on my cock before unexpectedly reaching up and pulling the blindfold off.
"Why'd you do that?" I questioned.
"Because I don't need it anymore and I wanted to look at you."
I smiled. "And why don't you need it anymore?"
"I realized I don't need it. Every time I've ever had a cock in me before, it was never for anything except to get the guy off, and maybe if I was lucky to get me off too. I just realized that it doesn't have to be that way; it's not all about getting off. It's just nice to have you in me, and even though I'm going to get you off in a while, it doesn't have to be now, and you're OK with that. I realized that I was listening to your body and my body, doing what we needed to do, not what I thought we were supposed to be doing. I realized that your body was telling me you liked what was happening if I just paid attention. I didn't need you to tell me."
I grinned. "Good girl! And if I were to roll us over and pound you senseless instead of letting you sit there with me inside you? "
Sara grinned impishly. "You haven't got it in you, old man."
I might have been old enough to be her father, but I did show her I wasn't too old to manhandle her. Another orgasm for her and one for me finally led to the shower and back to bed where we laid and talked for a while, finally falling asleep in each other's arms.
The sun was filling the room with light when I awoke. The rest of the house seemed to be silent, at least I couldn't hear anything, but that wasn't unusual. I silently slid out of bed and went in to take a pee, stopping to brush the morning mouth off my teeth on the way back, actions that probably awoke her as she rolled out of bed and went into the toilet herself. "Getting my toothbrush,' she said as she walked by me moments later, now wearing Deb's robe from the back of the bathroom door. I crawled back onto the bed, not even under the sheet, where Sara rejoined me a few minutes later, dropping the robe as she did so she was also naked.
She snuggled against my side, my hand stroking her back and side. "Hope the 'old man' didn't disappoint you last night." I whispered. Her arm, resting on my stomach, reached across and pulled me a bit closer in response. Her hand, which previously had been idly playing with the hair on my chest, began to run up and down across my chest and stomach, not surprisingly sliding further down to find my dick. "That's the 'old man' part that I can't control anymore," I said. "Back when I was eighteen, he had a mind of his own, but now he sleeps in most mornings." I could feel my cock slowly swelling to Sara's caress, but she didn't say anything, just turning her head so we were both watching her hand stroking me. A moment later she leaned down and slid me into her mouth.
Unlike the night before where she'd attacked my cock with her mouth to try and prove her oral skills, this time she took her time, slowly tantalizing and teasing, my erection growing almost instantly to her ministrations. When I tried to reach for her body, she twisted out of reach, almost falling off the bed, before pulling off and repositioning so I couldn't reach her. Climbing over my near leg she crawled between them, now facing me, and holding me upright in her hand looked me in the face with a smile as she slipped my cock back into her mouth.
I just laid there and watched, if she wanted to love on me, who was I to argue?
Despite thinking she needed to prove something the night before, Sara was obviously no novice at working a cock with her mouth. I guided her to what worked best with some, "um's" and "oh yeah, just like that's", to which she responded perfectly. Even after years of bestowing oral bliss on my wife, and receiving it from her, we still give each other continual feedback as to what is working; and Sara adjusted perfectly. I closed my eyes momentarily, just enjoying her long leisurely loving on me. As I felt the familiar tightening in my balls, the end approaching, I opened them again and found Debs standing in the doorway, watching our goddaughter sucking my cock. Sara had apparently left the door open as she returned, and Debs was watching her goddaughter doing what she herself had done so many times over the years. She smiled when she saw me open my eyes, rubbed her stomach and then blew me a kiss before turning and disappearing again. My eyes had seen her, but my mind barely registered that she'd been there, my mental concentration on the organ between my legs and the mouth pleasuring it. "Almost..." I warned Sara as I felt my orgasm rising through the shaft, "I'm going..." I started, but she just redoubled her efforts, taking me in her mouth. I made the effort; she chose to complete the act. With a grunt and shudder, I came.
"They're ready for breakfast," I said several minutes later, having recovered a bit, Sara once again snuggled into my side.
"How do you know?"
"Debs. She came in while you were busy." It took a moment while the knowledge got arranged in her brain that my wife had come into the room while my goddaughter was sucking my cock.
"Did she... say anything?"
"She just smiled and rubbed her stomach."
"Oh." She made no effort to rise, just snuggled into my side, my arm around her. I could sense that she was thinking, but had no idea about what until she continued. "So what happens now?"
"I don't know," I responded as she pulled back a bit, rising up on one elbow. "What are you asking?"
"I guess what I'm asking is, is this the end of it for me? How does this work from here on? Did I get you for one night and now I go back to my room like it's been all week?"
"Ah! I see. Do you get to go back to being the daughter of our friends, the fifth wheel putting a crimp on your parents and our playtime? Or will we make love again?" She didn't have to answer, and I thought about it a bit before continuing.
"I guess that's up to you. What do you want to do?" I reached over and pulled her back down to me. "Life has now changed for all of us. You were a goddaughter before, you will always be that, but now you're a lover also. Your parents and Debs and I have been...." Just what exactly had we been? Two married couples, adults, two couples that had been mutual lovers over the years? "Extended family," I continued finally coming up with a word that fit. "Most Western society kids have a hard time accepting and seeing their parents as sexual human beings, of thinking about parents as having sex themselves. In the same way, most parents have a hard time accepting that their children are grown and having sex." I stopped, letting her ingest what I'd said.
"You've been sleeping with Mom all week long, haven't you?" she asked after a bit.
"Yeah."
"Is that the way it is when you guys get together if I wasn't here? You'd sleep with Mom and Aunt Debs sleeps with Dad?"
"Pretty much, but not all the time. Of course there is that "we've been away for a long time" newness, but it's not so much of one couple going to one bedroom, it's more sharing. It's not that I take your mom to our bedroom and your dad takes Debs to his, we share. I have made love to Debs while Bill and Jen are doing their thing and I've made love to Jen while Debs and Bill do their thing. I've watched while Jen and Deb double teamed Bill, or had Debs watch while Bill and I played with Jen. There isn't much we haven't done and mostly we've done it together. The question for you is, are you ready to join us? Are you ready to be part of a loving group?" I waited for a few moments, she didn't say anything. "Obviously your mom knows you've had some sexual experience, and I presume Bill does too, but are you ready to let your mom and dad see me fuck you, or see you play with Aunt Debs? Are you ready to see your mom and Aunt Debs do each other -- or to join in? Are you ready to see your mom and dad do it, or do you want to fuck your daddy?"
"Not my daddy." She very pointedly limited her response to Bill, whether she realized it or not. "I couldn't fuck my daddy. He's mydaddy!"
"Nobody is making you do anything you don't want, and from what he said to me earlier, I think he feels the same way."
"What did he say earlier?"
"Just that he wasn't so sure about this; that he trusted all of us, but if I so much as made you cry he'd cut my dick off and shove it down my throat."
She giggled. "He really said that?"
"Yes, he really said that. Actually he said if I hurt his little girl, he'd do that. It's pretty obvious he loves you, but I don't think making love to you is on his mind. It was hard enough for him to admit that someone else could do that." I paused just a bit, allowing her to think about what I'd said. "Just so you know it's not that I'm going to be taking you to my bed every night and it's not that we just have an outright orgy going on all the time. We're all too old for that without buying stock in Viagra anyway, but if we're watching a movie and someone begins to feel a little amorous, we're not going to take it to the bedroom. If someone else wants to join in or do their own thing, it just happens. With the exception that neither Bill nor I are into men, just about everything that can happen, has."
"Are you two ready to quit screwing around and come out for breakfast?" came Jenny's voice from the doorway. I glanced over to see her stepping into the bedroom. She'd been totally nude when she and Debs had left me alone with Sara the previous night, now she had on shorts and a blouse. She didn't hesitate entering the bedroom, just walked right up beside the bed on the side where Sara and I were half cuddled together. Reaching out a hand she touched and stroked Sara's naked shoulder. "You two hungry? At least for something besides each other?" she added with a chuckle.
"Mom!" Sara protested.
"Well you two have been going at it like rabbits all morning long. We figured you'd come out and join the rest of us a couple of hours ago. Every time we came to check on you, you were screwing around again."
"You were in and checked on us?" I repeated, remembering Debs just once and not remembering or hearing anyone else.
"Debs and I have both been back here twice, so why don't you come join us for now. There's plenty of time for other things later."
"We'll be out in a minute," I answered, giving her a subtle nod at the door. She said she'd tell them we'd be right out and headed back to the door. For some reason I suspected she might have stopped in the hallway within earshot, but I didn't care. It was the illusion of being alone with Sara that was important.
"Sara," I said, reaching over and taking her hand, "what you do now is up to you. You won't find jealousy from us, we won't expect if from you, so think about it. OK?" I slid my other hand to her chin and leaning in, kissed her.
Clothes didn't last much longer than through brunch. I volunteered to clean up afterward as Bill and Debs and Jen had breakfast all prepared when we came out. Sara said she'd help but I told her not to worry as I only had pots and pans to scrub, the rest went into the dishwasher. 15 minutes later as I finished up, everyone else had moved out to the pool and the deck.
"Hey Jim, you decent?" Debs voice called out as she entered the bedroom.
"No," I answered, "but does it make any difference?"
"Not in the least." She giggled as she walked up behind me, her hands going to my bare ass. After I'd cleaned up in the kitchen I'd come back to shave and was once again naked. Unsurprisingly Debs was naked too -- as I suspected Jen and Sara were probably also.
Sidling up behind me her hands slid around to my stomach and chest. "I'm almost done," I said, ignoring her hands for the moment as I continued my shave.
"I'm sure I won't disturb you," she answered, her hands sliding down my belly to my cock. I tried to continue to ignore her, but her fondling was enough to start an erection growing. I just continued my shave, swishing the razor in water once more. "So?"
"So what?" I answered, cleaning the razor once more and setting it aside, pretending I had no idea what she was asking about. As I reached for the washcloth to wipe my face, Debs pulled on one hip and pushed on my other to spin me in place. Reaching up to my neck she pulled my face down; I barely had time to pull the washcloth away before her mouth was attacking me.
Her lips latched onto mine, her tongue darting into my mouth with the same unbridled lust that normally occurred the first time whenever we got together after a long separation "So darling, was she good?" she asked, her kiss cut short after her tongue passionately penetrated my mouth.
I gripped her body with my arms, picking her up and turning us both back around to set her on the counter. Her legs wrapped around me as I picked her up, but loosened as she settled onto the tiles. "Are you asking me to kiss and tell?" I asked.
"Uh-huh," she answered with a giggle and a smirk. I slid my hand up the inside of her thigh, intending just to tease, but when I reached her pussy I found it hot -- and when my finger stroked her, very wet.
"My, my, someone's imagination has been running away on them, has it?" I laughed. I didn't pull back, allowing my finger to play in her garden, eliciting a twitch when I touched her most sensitive spot. "Maybe you should ask your goddaughter that question instead."
"I did."
"You did?" I immediately wondered what kind of response Sara had given. "And did she kiss and tell?"
"Not exactly."
"Well?" I asked, stilling my finger when she didn't continue. Her hands had been on my waist, but now she reached in two handed, one gripping my cock, the other reaching under to caress my balls. I looked down at her hands, and although I wasn't yet totally erect, she was working me that way quite rapidly. "What did she say?"
"I want you to fuck me."
"That's what she said?"
"No.Iwant you to fuck me," she said pulling on me with my cock. I didn't let myself be moved forward.
"This is interesting," I said.
"What?" she asked, whether oblivious, or just not getting it, I couldn't tell.
"My wife, along with our goddaughters mother, sets me up with our goddaughter, and the next time I see my wife alone she's all hot for sex and wants me to tell her all about it." Even as I spoke, everything clicked: my wife's arousal, her questions, her statement earlier... "Is someone else interested in our hot little goddaughter?" Her blush said it all.
Debs and Jen had been lovers alone and with Bill and me for as long as we'd played. In all that time, although Debs had never shied away from giving or receiving pleasure from Jen, I'd never heard heraskfor it. She was bi in the sense that she played with Jenny or with Bill or with me, but she'd never really been an instigator with Jen. She was always perfectly happy with just male lovers in the past (we had played a few times with others, but nothing like with Bill and Jen) but now for the first time, she was saying perhaps she was interested. I relented, and sliding forward she guided my erection into her hot middle.
"I just wanted to be there with you," she whispered, her arms and legs going around me as I slid forward.
"Hmm," I said, slowly moving back out "You wanted to see her suck your husbands cock?" as I pushed back in.
"Yesss..." she hissed, her head buried against my shoulder.
"You wanted to see me eat her sweet pussy?" She ground her pelvis against me as I buried myself again, "to see my cock slide inside her?"
"Ummm," she answered, her legs pulling against me to force me in her harder. I'd arisen to the occasion, but after multiple orgasms earlier, I wasn't going to cum rapidly. But I could tell Debs was going to be there quite rapidly. I began sliding in and out in earnest, Debs legs pulling and relaxing along with me, doing nearly as much work as I was.
"Or were you dreaming about doing our sweet little playmate yourself?" I asked, eliciting another "Ummm" indicating that I'd hit her fantasy on the head.
"Hmmm? Is that it? Was my wife thinking of what our goddaughters pussy would taste like, maybe while your husband's cock was inside her?" I wasn't sure what all she might have been imagining, but I could tell my dirty talk and rhythmic pounding was doing the trick. "Maybe get her into a sixty nine? Let her lick your clitty while you lick hers?" I hadn't been wrong, Debs had been well aroused, and with a gasp and a quiver, suddenly came. Her legs pulled hard against me this time, and when she didn't release the clinch I stopped inside her, buried and motionless for the moment.
Standing there with my cock buried in my wife was, at least this time, sufficient. I'd cum multiple times over the last day, and gradually as I stood there, my wife wrapped in my arms, her head on my shoulder and I was appreciating the warmth of my wife's pussy smothering my cock without moving, I began to shrink. It wasn't until my shrunken cock slipped from my wife that she realized how much I'd shrunk. "Did you cum?"
"No, but you did. I'm ok."
"Oh My God, Jimmy; Just imagining you with her... the way you were with me so many years ago, the way you taught me to enjoy my own body... and sex... I've been so horny all night... for you."
"Didn't Bill take care of you two last night?"
"Yeah, he did alright. ButItaught him.Youtaught me. It's not the same."
"And Jennie taught me... good sex passed on to another generation?" I giggled.
"In just one lesson?"
"Probably not."
"Hmmm." It was a thoughtful "hmmm", not a moan of pleasure.
"What?" I queried, wondering what she was thinking.
"I wonder if she'd like to spend the rest of the week with us while her parents go home?"
~
"Hey young lady!" I said gruffly toward Sara as I stepped outside. Sara and Jenny were lying naked on towels, soaking up some sun. Bill was sitting on a lounge chair, beer in hand, exactly as I intended to do soon myself. "Where is your bikini?"
"In my bag where it should have been all week."
"Hrumph!" I grunted back at her, and winked. Reaching down, I ran a finger over the whiter spot from her thong at the top of her ass crack. "I do like the tan lines though". Jenny, who had also looked up at me when I'd spoken to Sara looked sideways at her, seeing Sara's smile in return. I turned to the cooler, reaching in and finding a cider which, unless it's a good German beer, I prefer instead of American beer. Debs came out just then with a towel and an ice tea, heading over to lie beside Sara and Jen. I pulled another chair over next to Bill, just as Debs took a dip into the pool before lying down. With his beer in his hand, I reached over to clink my can against his in a toast, saying, "It's not quite noon yet, but it's noon somewhere..." as I sat down. He clinked beers, but didn't say anything.
"Another great Nude Day Pool party?" I questioned. Again he didn't answer, didn't look me in the face, and didn't even acknowledge my query. I sat back, looking over the pool and our naked ladies where Jenny was putting lotion onto Debs naked back. I knew he'd say something when he was ready.
"She seemed happy," he finally said, perhaps five minutes later. I didn't say anything.
"Were you her first?" he asked a couple of minutes later.
"No, but maybe the first to make her happy."
"I guess I should have expected that." It was another minute before he said, "I guess she's not my innocent little girl anymore, huh?"
"She'll always be your little girl." Bill looked up at me and for the first time smiled.
"I guess your dick is safe for another night." It was my turn to smile.
"I guess that will make your wife and your daughter happy." His smile disappeared, but I could tell it was a forced non-smile. It lasted about 10 seconds and the smile reappeared, his head shaking negatively as it did.
"You had to say that, didn't you." I laughed.
"What time are you thinking of heading out tomorrow?" I asked Jen several hours later when Bill and Jenny had begun to collect their things, starting to get ready. Bill had just stepped out, heading down the hill, carrying a few things down to their motorhome. They had put clothes on to go out onto the street, as had I, although Debs and Sara were still naked out by the pool.
"We were talking about trying for about 5 am. That way we'll beat the rush hour traffic. We've got a campground scoped out for tomorrow night in eastern Arizona," Jen answered, momentarily confusing me with her answer.
"You're headed north, toward Los Angeles?"
"No, we're headed East towards Arizona. We have reservations for tours in Carlsbad Caverns two days after tomorrow."
"Then you won't need to rush. There won't be any traffic that early heading east; it will all be inbound, going west, or towards Los Angeles if you want to go the long way. Why don't you plan on about seven, and I'll get up and make us all breakfast before you head out?" We discussed the pros and cons, repeating it all when Bill returned, and eventually they agreed that seemed to be best.
"So, am I going to get you tonight, or will my daughter be taking up your bed?" I stopped and looked at her, realizing that Sara had usurped practically all my time the last 24 hours. "I would like to say good bye properly," she said, stepping up to me and putting her arms over my shoulders, her hands locking behind my neck. I leaned in to kiss her, her mouth turned to join mine. It wasn't a lusty kiss, more a wistful, 'times have changed but I still love you,' kiss. I raised my hand to her cheek, brushing it with the back of my hand before running it down her side, inadvertently brushing the side of her breast before resting on her hip. "Thank you."
"For what?" I responded, cocking my head in thought, wondering what she was thanking me for.
"For teaching her. Giving her a good start on... on being an adult?" She hadn't said exactly what she meant, but close enough that I understood the translation.
"I'll pass the word that you've asked for a reservation in my bed... I suppose Debs will be telling Bill goodbye just as properly?"
I nodded, "I suppose." I turned and looked sideways out the window at the pool, Jen stepped up, put her arms around me and hugged me close, also looking sideways toward the pool. Debs and Sara had just picked up their towels and were turning toward the house.
"Is there enough of you to share?"
"Huh?" I asked, not understanding her statement.
"Tonight... If you want to ask her, there always seems to be enough room for three in your bed." It clicked in my mind what she was asking; did I want to ask Sara to join her mother and me?
"Oh," I responded, "You're sure?" She just smiled and leaned in and kissed me.
~
"Why don't you come and say goodbye to me?" Debs said later that evening to Bill. They'd gotten everything back and packed into the motorhome, taken it down to the filling station and refueled, so there was no reason to stop until they needed to change drivers or pee the following morning.
"Have I got a choice?" he answered, taking her hand and rising as she pulled him up.
"Sure, you can sleep alone, I'm sure there's room in the other room for me," she answered, looking over toward Jen and Sara and winking. With Bill and Debs heading for the guest bedroom, we also stood up. I don't know as anything had been said to Sara, but when I stuck my hand out to her, she understood and followed her mother and me.
I understood that I was to be in the middle, and being the first ready for bed, moved there initially, leaving an entrance on either side for my ladies. Sara went to her room to change while Jen went into the bathroom, and I heard the shower start. She wasn't in for long, her long black hair dry and silky when she came out wearing a baby doll. "Were you dirty?" I queried after she brushed her teeth and sank down on one side of the bed and I rolled over towards her, putting an arm behind her.
"Not very, I just wanted to be fresh for you for our last night."
"Mmmm," I hummed as her lips came down to mine. "One of the two most beautiful women that I know, at least the two most beautiful women that I'm not married to," I said, my lips moving to her neck, under her cheek, and continuing downward. My free hand had caressed her breast, my mouth now found her nipple through her baby doll.
"I have a hard time thinking of her as a woman, not a girl," she whispered, understanding perfectly that I'd been talking about her daughter. "She's pretty, isn't she?"
"So is her mother." I didn't like comparing a woman to someone she was around, but she didn't seem to mind.
"Thank you." She exhaled as my fingers dropped to her mons, my middle finger pressing against her slit and clit. "Ohhh... I want your tongue."
"Mmmm," I whispered back, "with pleasure."
Moving up onto my knees beside her, I reached to her waist, slipping my fingers into the top of her bottoms and slid them down. She raised her hips to allow me to pull them off (they hadn't been on for long), and when I reached for two pillows and motioned for her to raise her hips, she did. I fit the pillow beneath her bottom, raising it so I had better access, and moved between her legs, onto my knees. I began kissing the inside of her thighs, gradually moving forward towards her nectar, smelling her increasing arousal as I teased. I'd just run my tongue between her lips from her vagina to her clit when I felt a shifting of pressure on the bed and a cool sexy hand stroked my butt. Sara didn't say anything, apparently just watching me service her mother, as her hand slid down to my leg, and then up and gently fondled my balls. I didn't pull away from Jen, if Sara wanted to do something, she could, but for now I was concentrating on pleasuring her mother. My tongue found her clit, eliciting a moan of approval, and an "Oh My God, you're so good at that."
I felt Sara shift closer to us on the bed, one hand on my backside, her other reaching underneath to my cock. She stroked my cock for a bit and then I felt her weight shift on the bed again. I couldn't tell what she was doing until she wedged herself underneath by body and guided my cock into her warm and waiting mouth. This time it was me who groaned as my goddaughter's mouth and tongue caressed my cock even as my mouth and tongue were caressing her mother.
It was hours before we were all satisfied and drifted off to sleep. When Jenny had her first orgasm and wanted my cock, Sara had no problem pulling back and guiding me into her mother's hot and wet pussy. After we'd both cum, we cuddled, Jen to the left of me and Sara to the right. When I began to recover, when Sara's hand slithered from my hip and found my cock which once again began getting hard in her hand, they soon both went down on me together, one on each side.
I have imagined all kinds of sexual acts in my time. Sex with two, or three, or perhaps more beautiful women, all at the same time, having been in my reparatory of fantasies since I first saw the Jensen twins in bikini's when I was in Junior High. But never had I imagined sex with a mother and daughter. When I was younger, I imagined their daughters, when I got older -- more and more I imagined the mothers. But now, here, I was getting both.
As if in sync, without questioning, they'd both moved away from my shoulders, Sara turning so her head was at my hip, with Jen doing the same on the other side. Lying on my back, I could do nothing but just watch. Sara leaned over, her tongue coming out and licking the head before her lips slithering around it, which in itself was erotically beautiful to watch, but my erection throbbed when her mouth pulled back and she pushed my cock towards her mother, who also leaned in and suckled my erection.
The two of them worked together fellating me. Mother held me for her daughter to suck, daughter held me for her mother to suck. Both took turns while the other watched until I was totally rigid, and well on my way to orgasm. When Jenny asked Sara if she wanted me to fuck her too, she told her mother to go ahead, there was plenty of time for her as she'd be with us for a few more days. Jenny swung her legs over me, and with Sara holding my cock upright, she slid onto my waiting cock. Sara slid back up into the crook of my arm, until I told her to let me eat her and then she straddled me too, settling onto my waiting tongue. When all three of us had come again, and I thought we were all sated and I wasn't going anywhere for a while, we settled down and cuddled. Sara fell asleep on one side, and I thought Jenny had fallen asleep too. I was right on the verge of falling asleep myself when Jenny pulled my arm. I rolled onto my side and up to her back, my arm pulled over her as I spooned with her. It turns out she wasn't quite as sated as I'd suspected, her hand guided mine underneath her baby doll to her breasts. Her nipples hardened again to my touch as sweet quivers coursed through her body. When she pulled my hand down towards her legs, a gentle stroking had her wet about the time my cock had fully recovered one more time. She leaned away and raised a leg and I slipped between them to enter her from behind. She came to my finger and cock, and when I eased my caressing, we fell asleep with me still inside her
~
My internal alarm clock went off just before 5. I eased myself out of bed and went to the toilet, taking time to wash my cock from the crustiness of the night's activities, before climbing back into bed between my two lovers. Jenny stirred and asked what time it was, so I whispered it was 5, she had a bit of time before she had to get up if she wanted. "Tempting," she exhaled, but when I put my arm around her and fondled her breast, she grabbed my hand and held it still. "I need to take a shower and get ready to go."
"And I promised to make everyone breakfast."
I just held her for a moment. "I love you Jenny," I whispered into her ear.
"I know." She squeezed my hand and then withdrew it from her breast and rolled over to face me. "Why don't you roll over and say good morning to Sara properly while I go take a shower?" She kissed me, and rolled back out of bed, heading for the bathroom. I rolled onto my back, and when I looked at Sara, her eyes were open, but groggy.
"Good morning Uncle Jimmy," she said, snuggling into my side, her arm coming over my stomach. I raised my arm and she snuggled still closer as I put it under her neck and behind her back. "Did Mom just tell you to say good morning to me properly?" Her hand caressed my chest and stomach, her fingers playing with the hair on my chest just as her mother did, and then moved lower. My cock had barely begun to swell when her hand wrapped around it, but having had several hours now to recover, it hardened almost immediately.
Sara raised her face to mine, needing to pull away from the snuggle to do so, practically climbing on top of my chest to kiss me. With her breasts pressed against my chest all I could do easily until she moved more was caress her shoulder and back with my free hand, but I needn't have worried. Almost immediately she swung completely up on top of me and I realized she also wanted to have a good morning fuck. "Ready for a little more, are we?" I teased as my hands, now free, began to roam her body.
"You forget, all I got last night was your tongue." As soon as she said it, I realized she was right. I'd fucked her mother, several times, but hadn't her. She had moved her hand, was grinding her pelvis and clit against my now hard cock, and in just moments raised a bit more to align me with her pussy. I reached down and raised my cock head; she slid down and slowly took me inside. Her pussy wasn't as wet as she was after I'd eaten her, but she pivoted enough that my cock coated with her juices and slipped easier and farther inside with each time.
No sooner had she bottomed my cock inside her than she sat up, changing the angle and ground her pelvis against me. My hands almost immediately rose to her breasts, now exposed to me, and her eyes closed as her body began to rise and fall on my cock. I realized she was taking care of herself by taking care of me, and just allowed her to fuck herself on my cock.
"Oh my God, you feel so good," she said. I didn't answer, my hands slipping from her breasts to her bottom. I left her in complete control, and inexplicably found myself approaching orgasm even as she was. Just relaxing, and allowing her to take complete control, worked the wonder of my orgasm rising rapidly and, with a groan, my cock spurted inside her before she came. Luckily I didn't immediately shrink, and moments later she spasmed, her pussy clamping around my cock, her body shuddering.
"Oh, Wow!" she said, lying back forward onto my chest, my hand stroking up from her bottom onto her back and then back to her bottom. "That's the first time I've ever cum without my clit being touched."
"That was really nice," I answered.
"Yeah, it was." She lowered her head to my chest, my nose against her hair. "I can see why Mom thinks so highly of you."
I didn't say anything. I heard the shower turn off in the bath, and looking over saw that it was 5:30. "This was really nice, but I've got a breakfast to make if they're going to get out of here by 7. Your mom just finished, why don't you go take a shower and I'll get breakfast ready."
"Can't you take one with me?"
"There will be other times," I answered, and gave her bottom a swat. It smacked much louder than I intended and she giggled, but rolled off. My cock and belly were covered with our cum, so I just wiped them with the sheets, knowing I'd be stripping them off and washing before we went to bed again. Sara headed for the bath, meeting Jenny just as she came out. I stepped to the dresser and pulled on shorts and a shirt before turning toward the door. Jenny, still naked, stopped me with a "Jim?"
I turned and looked at her and she walked toward me. I stepped up to her and her arms went around my neck. I thought she was going to kiss me; instead she just stopped and looked into my eyes. "You and Debs will take care of my little girl?"
"She's not so little anymore," I answered, my hands on her back holding her close, "but we'll take good care of her." She leaned in and did kiss me, and although her lips were closed to begin with, they opened against mine, and the chaste, after sex 'thank you' kiss became a full-on lovers kiss. My hand drifted down to her bottom, which I squeezed, and then she pulled away. "I know you will," she said, and turned back towards the vanity.
I started down the hall, slowing to take a glance in as I went by the guest bedroom as I heard the rhythmic slapping of body against body of two people having sex. They hadn't bothered to close the door, we all knew we were having sex, so what was point? Even though the light wasn't on, the shades were open and the room was filled with sunlight. Bill was standing at the end of the bed, Debs on her knees with her ass up to the edge of the bed, also having a good-bye tryst. Bill's hand seemed to be on Debs bottom at first, and then I did a double take as I saw he had his thumb in her ass. It surprised me a bit, although Debs and I had tried anal before, neither of us seemed to get anything out of it. I remembered that Debs had once mentioned that Bill had touched her pucker point before and she thought he was interested in anal play but she said they'd never done anything but just touching. I didn't stay and watch, just headed to the kitchen.
By the time the rest of the household joined me, I had all the fixings for made-to-order omelets ready, and right on schedule, a few minutes before 7, Bill and Jenny drove off down the street.
As always, goodbyes with old friends were bittersweet. Jenny, in particular, wistfully whispered in my ear, "Just like old times, huh? You, Debs, and me, but this time Sara instead of me?" I knew immediately she was referring to the time, years before, where she had stayed with us for a week while Bill had been in New York on a business trip. "You take care of my baby?" She gave me a peck on the cheek and turned away before I said anything.
After a big party, and after having multiple people living in the house for several days, the house wasn't Debs' normal perfection. I went to the kitchen and began cleaning up, when I got done, I found Sara and Debs going to town on house cleaning. All the beds had been stripped before I got there, the first load of laundry already in the washer. I was going to lend a hand when I heard my cell phone. I glanced at the time, just before 8, and being a workday, needed to take it. I went into the office and closed the door. It was hours before I worked my way free.
It was the first time that we'd ever had Sara with us without her parents, or our kids, around. Being the same age as our son, they'd always been doing "their thing" when they were around, we'd never had a true adult relationship with her. Now, Sara and Debs found that they hit it off and had as much in common as Debs and her mom had years before, although Sara was nowhere near as inhibited as Jenny had been when we first met. When I finally reached a finish point with what I was doing it was late in the afternoon and, when I went to the back yard, could see the wet patio where the girls had been swimming but they were no longer there.
Re-entering the house, I found the two of them remaking beds, both in shorts and t-shirts, and obviously getting along quite well. I hadn't yet had a chance to totally clean up after my night with Sara and Jen, so went in and showered. When I got out, the two of them had moved to the kitchen where they were preparing dinner. They had everything going; when I asked what I could do, they told me to find a bottle of wine and get the glasses poured. I got a bottle of wine and when I got back and started opening it, I heard a giggle from Debs and "Me too! I've got this, if you want to, go ask him, or wait until after dinner and we'll all just go to bed early." Although the whisper wasn't intended for me, I heard it, but pretended I didn't. I could only surmise from the words that Sara had said something like she was horny, or that she wanted to fuck, or something similar. As it turned out, that was exactly right.
Later Debs told me that she and Sara had been talking sex all day long. Sara had confessed that in our start of the day tryst that she'd had an orgasm for the first time without having her clit touched, and that had started it. They'd talked about sex all day; while cleaning house, at the gym while I was working, at the store, while making dinner. Sara gave more particulars on her experiences and successes and failures, and Debs did the same. As Debs said, they shared all the juicy details. Although Sara knew her parents were sex partners of Debs and me, and had known that her mother claimed that we'd saved their marriage, for the first time she heard everything; from Jenny having her first orgasm from the not so feathery touch of the spa jet to having her first orgasm from a cock with me. Debs told all about tying up her father and teaching him how to take care of a woman. She also told about how I'd done the same for her, tying her up and teasing her body until she'd finally had her own first orgasm, how she'd finally opened up to my suggestions and found that sex was not only good, but phenomenal, and how she'd discovered that sex with someone you love just increases your love. It's hard to not love someone you're having sex with. She also told about her making love not only with Sara's father but with her mother, and although she usually preferred men, making love with a woman wasn't a turn off either. Sara had said "So you won't turn me down if I want to make love with you?" and she'd said, "only if you won't either".
There was no pretense of doing anything after dinner. Debs said that she and Sara were going to go clean up and get ready for bed, and I should give them perhaps half an hour before I went to get ready for bed myself.
Debs and I were an old married couple. After 20 some years, there wasn't much we hadn't done. When we went to bed when we were first married, and I finally got Debs to understand that sex was fun and good, she dressed to entice. Baby Dolls, negligees, all kinds of sex clothes, all designed to turn me on and get her laid. Sex was every day, often multiple times a day, and then life took over. After a while sex became "maintenance sex", often becoming an 'after we were both naked in bed,' a 'good night kiss' and a fondle where we suddenly realized it felt good and ended up fucking good night. We never wanted for sex, and always on holidays or birthdays or our anniversary we would revert to seducing each other, but that kind of sex became special occasion sex, while during "maintenance sex" we just made sure we both came and went to sleep.
Despite that we had drifted away from trying to entice each other, thinking we didn't need to, we were both also very amicable to doing it almost anywhere at any time. Watching the TV together and seeing something sexy, if it turned her on she'd put her hand on my leg, begin stroking, and I knew what she wanted. No sooner than I would put my arm around her and pull her close and she'd know my hands would soon be on her breasts. Going for a boat ride "alone" when we were family camping on the lake, going for a hike "alone" while we were camping elsewhere, all were ways that we pleased each other.
When I came into the bedroom, Sara again had on the red sheer nighty that she had a few days before for our first time. The surprise was that Debs also had a sexy little blue nothing on, something I hadn't seen before, and the two of them were on the bed, making out. They both were kissing the other, Sara had a hand on the Debs breast, but it appeared that Debs was the more aggressive one. Sara was on her back and Debs was leaning over her, her hand on Sara's mound fingering her through the split crotch of the red panty.
"Oh my goodness, what have we here?" I asked, stepping up to the end of the bed. Reaching out I put a hand out and touched both of their bare feet, causing Debs to pull away from the kiss.
"You need to get undressed by yourself, she's almost ready for you."
And she was.
Sara was the center of our attention. No sooner had I gotten naked, cock already hard, than when I crawled up onto the bed my wife grabbed my cock and had me slide up onto Sara, missionary position. Debs guided my cock into the slit of the split panties and into the waiting heat and wetness of Sara. She didn't withdraw her hand, continuing to finger Sara's clit while my cock was pummeling her insides. She came, and then came again -- at least three times before I blew my wad inside her. Practically a quickie for me, after I came and pulled away, Debs surprised me by going down on her. I watched as Debs drove Sara to several more orgasms, licking not just her clit, but also her vagina, apparently sucking my cum from her pussy.
Although Debs had played with Jenny for years, she'd always professed that it was "just sex," that she really wasn't that interested in women but she didn't mind participating in sex with them. Here, she was obviously the more dominant partner. I remembered her comment from earlier in the week, something like "If you don't I will" in regards to taking Sara to bed and wondered what was going on. There seemed to be not just an "Ok, this is fun" attitude but a stronger "I want this!" feeling.
Sara was in heaven, receiving from me, receiving from Debs, and giving in return. It was obvious she liked sucking cock, whether bare, covered in her juices, Debs juices, or any combination of their juices and my spunk. Debs has always liked the taste of her own juices on my cock, now she obviously liked the taste of Sara's nectar and my spunk from Sara's hot box. We played every which way we could, the girls having multiple orgasms to each others or my tongue or fingers until, exhausted, we eventually fell asleep. Sara had cuddled to one side, Debs was on the other, and I was in the middle when we finally wore ourselves out.
Unlike the previous night when Sara and her mother Jenny had been with me, this was a true 3-way event. The previous night they'd both shared me, but they hadn't particularly played with each other. Now, we both loved on Debs, we both loved on Sara, and they both loved on me.
It was several hours later that I awoke to a hand holding my cock and stroking me hard again. Surprisingly it wasn't Sara, but Debs. I didn't say anything; just my hand moving to her naked body, the sexy nightwear long before discarded for our preferred nudity when playing or sleeping, told her that I was awake. "Oh..." she exhaled silently into my ear, "I don't know why I find her so exciting," she whispered before nibbling on it -- always a sign that she wanted to have sex. That she had multiple orgasms already that night didn't seem to matter, within moments, when my cock didn't respond as fast as she wanted, she moved down and took me in her mouth. It had been long enough that my cock immediately began responding to her mouth, and once hard, she climbed on top. This wasn't a hard fuck, she wasn't trying to get me off, I understood that from the start, and it didn't happen. She rode me, pivoting her hips up and down to give the maximum contact until with a shudder she came once again. She knew I hadn't cum, as I was still hard, but also knew that I understood that she'd just been taking what she needed. At first she collapsed against my chest, snuggling in, her head just below my chin. Even though my cock was still in her, without stimulation I began to soften, and after a few minutes, with a contented sigh she rolled again to my side, her voice whispering "Thank you" as my arm went around her shoulder. By the time I fell asleep again, the last thing I remembered was the gentle breathing of Debs in my ear. Sara hadn't moved at all, she was still sound asleep.
I'd taken off most of the previous week and had to go to work the next day, so when my internal alarm clock went off, I gently slid out of bed leaving my ladies asleep and went out for my early morning run. Not having run in well over a week, my legs were like lead. Although I normally run at a pretty good pace, this morning was just more of a jog, but by the time 45 minutes had passed I was finally beginning to feel more normal. For probably the 100th time in my life I internally chastised myself for having taken off from running for too long of a time; promising myself that it would never happen again -- at least not until the next time life interferes with routine. A quick dip in the pool, followed by a shower and getting dressed in the walk-in closet -- when I finally quietly headed to the kitchen for some breakfast. Sara and Debs were still asleep when I headed to the office.
It was mid-morning when Debs called. "You snuck out."
I laughed, "you two were still asleep, I was just quiet was all. When did you get up?"
"Who said we're up?" She giggled in response.
"Well then, when did you wake up?" I asked, understanding from her words that she wasn't saying that they weren't awake -- just not out of bed.
"Oh, a couple of hours ago."
"Ah..." I thought about it, and then said, "Didn't get enough last night?"
"Well, we've been talking too." I understood perfectly -- they'd had sex and then cuddled and talked, or they'd cuddled and talked and then had sex. Or, since it had been a couple of hours in bed, perhaps some combination of multiple talks or multiple... fucks? For some reason my mind went off on the tangent of wondering if women "fuck" or just have sex. There are so many facets of sex, the actual act of fucking, which to me means a cock in a pussy, is therefore impossible for two women without some type of artificial toy.
"Enjoying yourselves?"
"Uhm-hmm. How long will you be in the office today?" She got back to what the original call was for.
"All day. Staff meeting late this afternoon as we've got people coming in this morning from out of town."
"So you won't be home until late? We'll be alone all day?"
"I'm afraid so. Do you think you can find something to entertain our guest?"
"I think we can findsomething," she said with a giggle in her voice. She didn't have to expound, I understood perfectly that they weren't planning on getting out of bed soon, or if they did, they'd probably go back to bed, or at least play some more, later. "Why don't you call when you're headed home and we'll have dinner ready?"
Dinner was ready when I got home, and it was served by two beautiful, sexy, women in lingerie that left no doubt what dessert was going to be.
The week went fast. Although we all knew that by staying it meant Sara would be having sex with me, I hadn't realized that Debs seemingly off-hand comment about if I wasn't going to fuck Sara that maybe she would, was possibly more than a little off-hand.
Debs and I had played with Bill and Jenny in virtually every combination. I'd been with Jenny, Bill had been with Debs. Bill had joined Jenny and me, and he'd joined Debs and me. Debs had also gotten together with Jenny, and once Jenny realized she liked women as much or more than men, the two of them had occasionally gotten together. They went to a woman's retreat every year with the church, at least until Bill and Jenny moved, and they always shared a room and a bed. But in all that time, Debs had always professed that she had never really been sexually aroused by women, she just wasn't turned off by the thought. She'd always readily accepted any loving Jenny had wanted to give, and had given it in return.
Now, for the first time, she admitted that for some unknown reason she was very strongly attracted to Sara.
Whenever I was around, we had three-way sex, and most of the time when I wasn't, they were together. And when not doing other things, they were lovers. When Debs and I had a three-way with Sara's mother Jenny, mostly it had been the two of them loving on me, with only occasional interaction between the two of them when I was there. When Debs and Jenny had a three way with Bill, it was similar, so I was used to the girl on girl interaction of Debs and Jenny being just occasional, if it happened it happened, otherwise ok. But with Sara and Debs and me, the interaction between Sara and Debs was just as concentrated as between Sara and me or Debs and me, perhaps more, as they were together all day.
That first night when I got home, the lingerie and obvious seduction by both girls was just a first as it was repeated every night. Once I understood that Sara was going to be staying, I had planned on working from home all week, but it was not to be as it turned out I had to go in for two full days, and half of a third.
The two of them seemed to appreciate me, and sharing me, although they almost wore me out trying to keep them satisfied. Sara was an open book for sex, willing to try anything, either with me or with Debs. Although Sara hadn't been a virgin when we started, she'd had little experience with any position besides missionary, but was perfectly willing to try anything. One evening she'd been teasing me in the family room. I pulled her to me and walked her backward to the back of the couch where I pushed her over the top, upside down onto the seat so her pussy and butt were on the back, her head and shoulders on the seat. I spread her legs and leaned in to eat her and Debs went around the other side and just sat her pussy down on Sara's face. I ate her until she came, and then stood up and slipped my cock into her and fucked her until she came again, her tongue pleasing Debs continuously. When I rose and entered her, I also leaned over to kiss Debs and fondle her breasts, a true triangle of loving between us.
One afternoon when I got home I found that there was a new double-ended dildo that I'd never seen before. They'd gone to the toy store during the day, and Sara had wanted it. For some reason I never saw the two of them use it, but later, after Sara left and took it with her, Debs said they played with it together several times.
Early on we discovered that Debs really liked to eat Sara while I was fucking her. It became Sara's favorite position, being licked and fucked at the same time. When she got on her knees on the end of the bed, we almost always ended with Debs crawling underneath her into a 69, licking Debs while I was standing behind fucking her.
It wasn't always about the three of us, but often started or ended with just two of us. Just like with Jenny so many years before, we did everything together. On the floor, in the bed, on the bathroom counter, on the kitchen table. Watching a movie and getting amorous, we did it on the couch. One morning when I tried to slip out of bed for my run, Sara woke and stopped me from getting out of bed. I didn't turn her down, and before we were done, Debs was awake and lying on one elbow watching us. That morning my run was late; getting to work was even later.
~
It was almost midnight. Debs was lying in the crook of my arm, her head on my shoulder, her hand idly playing with the hair on my chest. Despite nearly two weeks of almost continuous sex, now that we were back alone, we'd had a quiet session of our own. I felt her relax, inhale, and then slowly let it all out.
"Whatcha thinking? Sara?" I asked.
"Yeah."
"I'm not sure who got more from this, you or me or Sara."
"Well obviously Sara had the two of us."
"We all had two of us."
"It wasn't so bad was it?" I didn't understand her question.
"What wasn't so bad?"
"You were all upset about us setting you up with her, to be her teacher, just like you did for us."
"Ahh," I sighed, getting up to speed with her thoughts. "You know it wasn't just that I was averse to making love with her."
"Not such a smart thing to surprise you with it huh?"
"Nah. It took some getting used to. She's been a special girl for so many years, and then when she showed up -- my God, has she gotten beautiful, or what? I always thought Jenny was so beautiful, she still is, but Sara...." I left it unfinished.
"Why were you so upset? I figured you would be on-board without a problem. I mean after all we've played with Jenny for years..."
"But Jenny is our age. Jenny isn't our Goddaughter, Jenny wasn't a minor until last weekend. You had months to get used to the idea of your husband making love with this gorgeous creature, you only gave me minutes to get used to the idea that the young woman who I've always felt very protective of wanted to have sex with me, and you and her mother were setting it up. I had to completely invert my thoughts. Thankfully we haven't got any more goddaughters, but if you come up with such a wild scheme again, promise me you won't spring it on me as a surprise?"
"I'm sorry. I promise. I can see it wasn't such a good idea as a surprise."
"At least you didn't surprise Bill with it, otherwise I might be singing soprano."
"Huh?"
I laughed. "At least Bill had time to get used to the idea. He told me if I did anything to hurt Sara he was going to cut my dick off and shove it down my throat."
"Jen said he was a bit of a hard sell on the idea, but she finally convinced him that what you've done for all of us, you could do for her too and he reluctantly agreed."
I was almost asleep, feeling the empty spot on the one side of our bed, remembering the previous two weeks of never sleeping alone. "Do you suppose she'll ever come back and see us?"
"Sara? I don't know. Maybe. She sure seemed to have a good time." We were both quiet for a while, when she added, "Maybe we should go see her."
"At college?" I asked, wondering how that was going to work.
"Probably not... but you remember we've got reservations for our anniversary at the Orient Beach Resort on Saint Martin? I wonder if she could get away and join us?"
Now there was a thought.