The last thing on the bed was the blindfold. I knew Jay had thought of everything so far, and the blindfold was no different. It was red leather and it had soft puffs sewn into the eye shields, guaranteeing the wearer wouldn't be able to see around the edges or down the nose. As he reached for it, I took a breath with the awareness that all the preliminaries were over. All the preparations were over. This was really going to happen.
When I sent Jay the emails detailing my nasty school girl fantasy, I had no idea he'd turn it into reality for me. We had done some role play at the lingerie store that day in the mall -- the first time he saw my pussy, uh, I mean, my cunt. And, we'd done some role play in the emails we passed back and forth and in our short stories, but, this was going to be real. This was about to really happen, and I was both excited and anxious.
I'd been honest with Jay about my nasty fantasy, and what I wanted. I told him exactly how I wanted to be displayed, exposed, treated, and spoken to -- all of it, and as I stood there dressed like the school slut, a thrill shot through me because I remembered exactly what I'd told him, and if he'd arranged just a tenth of that, I knew I'd be consumed with eagerness to experience it.
On the other hand, it was because I remembered exactly what I'd told him that made me shudder. I told him how I wanted to be used by someone in a position of authority - by my teacher. And, I mean used in the most literal sense of the word. I wanted to be made to suck hard cocks and have streams of hot cum shot all over my face, in my mouth and deep into my hairless school girl cunt.
I wanted to feel hands on me, and in me. I wanted to be used as a pleasuring tool, and not only once - but repeatedly and by numerous people. The memories of what I'd told Jay were causing me to become lightheaded. How could I have been so stupid!
What if someone recognized me, or what if I recognized them? I'd never be able to live this down if it got out. But, I was settled in the fact that Jay told me this whole affair was arranged with the precision of a covert military mission, and that meant he'd thought of everything, including protecting my privacy, and, the privacy of his guests.
As he stood beside me with the blindfold in his hand, he asked, "What were you just thinking about?"
"Oh," I said, sighing and taking another deep breath, "just thinking back on my emails to you, and what I told you about my nasty fantasy."
"Are you worried?" He asked.
"No," I answered, "not really. I trust you, Jay, and as long as you're going to stay close to me I won't be afraid at all. You know how I feel about you, don't you? You know I'm probably falling in....."
"Shhhh." He said, quickly, holding his fingers to his lips. "We'll have none of that tonight, my dear. Tonight is your fantasy night. Tonight you are 'Sally, the Nasty School Girl' and nasty school girls are just that -- nasty. So, get into your role and remember your place. Allow yourself to enjoy this and allow yourself to be pleasured."
Jay held up the blindfold and was about to put it around my head when I stopped him. "Hey," I said, with an uncomfortable smile on my face, "before you do that, can I ask a favor?"
"Absolutely." He replied.
"Can we just pretend for a minute...... for just one tiny minute that we're in love? You know," I said, "just until you open that door and take me down there? And, would you kiss me like I was your lover, or your wife? Is that too crazy a thing to ask?"
Jay didn't say anything, but, he got that look in his eyes again -- the same look I saw when I peeked around the corner and saw him sitting on the side of his huge bath tub. I turned toward him and I looked up, and closed my eyes - willing him with all my power to lean down and kiss me. When I felt his lips touch mine, it was just like in the movies. First, we kissed gently, teasing each other with small, tiny kisses on each other's lips. But when he turned into me and our bodies pressed together, it was as if all the rules had changed and before I knew it, we were passionately embracing and kissing each other with real meaning. I opened my mouth and our tongues met, and I felt his arms go around me and cradle my petite body in his strong arms. Gawd, I wanted so much to hump his leg right there, and before another minute passed, we were both out of breath and I could feel his cock straining against his trousers. I knew it was straining for me -- he wanted me. Not just sexually, but, he wanted me in his heart, too. It felt incredible to kiss him, but, when he pulled away and looked down at me, we both knew it would be too dangerous to ever kiss like that again.
Without saying a word to me, he reached up and put the blindfold around my head, adjusting it so it covered my eyes and slipped under my little girl pig tails. Fastening the velcro closure, he tugged at the blindfold and asked me, "Can you see anything?"
"No." I replied. "You're going to stay with me, right? I can't see anything, you know."
"Yes, Sally. You know I will." He answered, chuckling. "I'll be right next to you from the time we leave this room until the time it's all over."
"Okay." I said. My heart was starting to race and just then, I felt the beginning effects of the wine he'd given me earlier.
"The first part might be the hardest to endure." He said, softly. "But, it's not more than you can handle, I promise. Remember to call me 'Sir', or just 'Mr. R.' if you want. For everyone else, you should address them as we already discussed. Be polite and respectful. If someone asks you a question, answer it truthfully. But most of all," he added, "let yourself go and enjoy this."
"Okay." I answered, again. My heart beat was really staring to go now. I felt it thumping in my chest and in my head. I was trying to drown it out when he took my hand and pulled my arm into his, hooking our arms together, and said, "Here we go."
I heard him open the door and when he stepped forward, I stepped, too. I immediately heard voices -- mostly men, but I heard at least two female voices. They sounded far away, amidst what sounded like glasses tinkling with ice cubes. Jay guided me down the hall and when we got to the top of the stairs, he leaned over to me and said, "There are fourteen steps, Sally. When we get to the bottom, we'll turn to the left and be standing at the stairs to go down to the play room. There are fourteen steps there, too, and when we get to the bottom, just let me guide you. Understand?"
"Yes, Sir." I answered.
"Good." He said, then whispering to me, he said, "Make me proud tonight, Sally."
I felt his body move and I moved with him. I counted the stairs in my head as we descended. The voices down in his playroom got louder as we got to the bottom. He only paused for a second, and then turning us to the left, I felt for the steps ahead of me and we began down those, too. When we were at the tenth step, all the voices in the playroom seemed to go silent and I heard the sounds of people walking and moving around the room. When we were at the bottom of the stairs, I heard a woman's voice whisper something, and I could clearly hear a man gasp.
I let Jay guide me and we walked a few steps and then he stopped. Reaching in for my hand and uncurling it from around his arm, he let go of it, saying, "Hands to your side, Sally." Then, I felt him move behind me and put his hands on my hips and twist me to the right, saying, "That's good. Stay right there."
He kept his hands on my hips for a second and then let go. "Can I have everyone's attention, please?" He said, calling out to everyone in the room.
"This is Sally, one of my students at school. All of you already know why you're here. But, for Sally's benefit, I'll quickly go through it." Then, Jay cleared his throat and began speaking:
"Sally is a good student. She's intelligent, makes good grades, and does well on her tests. But, as I explained to all of you, her behavior in my classroom is atrocious. She dresses provocatively, sits with her legs open, and flaunts her body day after day. I've even seen her rubbing her private parts with her pencil, and, she came to class once last week wearing no panties. There's only so much of this I can tolerate, and thanks to her distracting behavior, the class is now two full weeks behind for the simple reason that I can't concentrate on my lesson plans with her in the class.
I spoke with Sally after class one day and told her I had no choice other than to notify the principal, who I'm sure would notify her parents. Upon learning this, she immediately became remorseful and begged me not to turn her in. She asked if she could do extra credit work, but, I felt her behavior was more serious than that. She told me punishment from her parents would be severe, and in desperation, she pleaded with me to punish her privately, which I've agreed to do.
Personally, I think a young girl needs to understand the consequences of her actions, so, in keeping with that philosophy, her punishment will fit the crime. Better said, if she wants to dress, tease, flaunt her body and act like a slut, then I can't think of a better way to punish her than to grant her wish -- but on a scale she never expected.
So, shortly, I am going to give her to you, where, under the guidelines we've already discussed, you are free to use her. You may use her body however you wish...... including her mouth, her breasts or her genitals in any way you like, as long as you stay within the guidelines I've prescribed. You may not insert anything into her rectum except your fingers, and there will be no kissing on the lips.
There's a table in the back of the room that contains condoms, but they are not required since Sally is on birth control and all of you have been tested. There's also several kinds of vaginal and anal lubricants back there you can choose from, if necessary. You are free to use the wet bar against the wall, and the washroom on the floor directly above us.
When you are done with her, I will take my turn, and then her punishment will be complete. None of you will ever speak of this outside this room and neither will Sally, or I. Are there any questions?"
I was shaking by the time Jay was done speaking. Just the thought of so many people using my body...... my mouth and my cunt...... it was hard to comprehend what was about to happen to me.
When there were no questions, I felt Jay take my arm and guide me three of four steps to my left. "Sally, you're going to expose yourself to us now. You will follow my instructions to the letter. Do you understand?"
"Yes, Sir." I said meekly, hardly able to speak.
"Good." Jay replied. "Since you like showing off your panties so much, you may begin by holding your skirt up above your waist."
Grimacing, I reached down to the hem of my short school uniform skirt and lifted it.
"More, Sally" Jay said. "All the way above your waist. Please don't make this more difficult than it needs to be."
"Yes, Sir." I said softly, as I pulled the skirt all the way up and held it above my waist. I felt my face flush with embarrassment and heard the unmistakable sounds of whispers from the room.
"You may all gather around if you like." Jay said to his guests. "Get as close as you want, but, no touching yet. She needs to experience the humiliation of being on display for a while."
I heard the shuffling of steps for a few moments and then I felt Jay's hand come to rest on my shoulder.
"Tell us, Sally," he began, "why do you like sitting with your legs apart in my class?"
"Sir," I answered, after a second, "so you can see my panties."
"Well, at least I think you're telling the truth." Jay replied. "But, why would you want me to see your panties?"
"Uh," I uttered, "I..... um, I don't know, Sir."
"Come now, my dear," Jay chuckled, "I can't even estimate how many times you've sat there with your legs open -- even intentionally opened them wider when you knew I was looking. Do you think, perhaps, the sting of the paddle would help you remember?"
"No, Sir." I answered, taking a deep breath. "It's because I wanted you to see them."
"Sally, I gathered that much. But, what I want to know," Jay asked, "is why you wanted me to see them."
"To turn you on." I answered, quietly. "So you'd know I wanted you to look."
"And you enjoyed that?" Jay asked.
"Yes, Sir." I said, feeling the heat of my humiliation spread down my body.
"Are you an exhibitionist, Sally?"
"No, Sir. I just wanted you to see my vagina." I said, cringing as I used that word. "I was just trying to show you I'd let you see me, uh, down there."
"Let's get one thing straight." Jay said, quickly. "Nice girls have a vagina. I'd even go as far to say they might even have a pussy. But, naughty girls that sit with their legs open showing off their panties, or, come to class with no panties on have a cunt between their legs. So, is that you wanted, Sally? You wanted me to see your cunt?"
I could feel my face burning red. I wished so much he'd just strip me and let his guests have their way with me instead of humiliating me like he was doing. I completely lost track of the fact that this was my fantasy, and I was filled with embarrassment as I stood there holding my skirt up as he questioned me.
"Yes, Sir." I replied.
"For what reason?" He asked. "Why did you want me to see your cunt?"
I took a deep breath to try to calm my nerves, but it didn't do any good. I felt his hand tighten on my shoulder. "Answer me." Jay said, calmly.
"So you would know you could have sex with me." I answered.
"Ah, I see." Jay said, loosening his grip on my shoulder. "So, all those times you sat there with your legs open you were trying to tell me I could have sex with your little cunt?"
He kept using that word, 'Cunt'. Every time he said it, I felt my stomach churn and I got a twinge between my legs. There was a pounding in my ears and I couldn't hear the whispering from the room anymore. I cound feel myself getting wetter by the second and I desperately wanted to thrust my hand into my panties and relieve myself, but, I knew I couldn't.
"Yes, Sir." I said, almost inaudibly.
"And were you getting all wet and excited when you were doing it? Opening your legs and letting me see your little panties covering your cunt?" He asked.
"Yes, Sir." I answered, hanging my head down as I spoke.
"Sally, I'm not sure everyone heard what you said." Jay replied, as he tightened his fingers on my shoulder again. "Speak up and answer using a complete sentence."
I raised my head up and cleared my throat. "Yes, Sir." I said, loud enough for everyone in the room to hear. "My cunt was getting wet and I was excited when you were looking at me."
"Well," Jay said, "I'm looking at you now. In fact, everyone is looking at you. Are you wet right now?" He asked. "Are you excited about that? All these people looking at your panty covered cunt?"
Before I could answer, Jay continued, adding, "Never mind, Sally." He said. "I'll just check for myself. Spread your feet, please."
As I moved my feet further apart, I felt Jay's hand leave my shoulder and appear at the top of my thighs. Then, almost immediately as soon as I felt his touch, his hand slipped between my thighs and nestled my cunt, cupping my panty covered sex with the palm of his hand. "Oh, Gawd!" I moaned.
Jay's finger pressed up into me through my panties and I could feel him searching for my slit. Once he found it, I heard him laugh and then press his finger against my panty covered pussy hole.
"Hmm," Jay said out loud to the group, "our young schoolgirl slut is dripping wet."
I stood there physically and emotionally unable to move or pull away. I didn't care that he was embarrassing me. I didn't care that he was humiliating me. And, as Jay began to press the tip of his finger harder into my wetness, he said, "Take your blouse off, Sally."
I heard his command, but, I couldn't fathom what he was saying due to the feelings that were flooding over me. My hands, though, heard and understood, and, before I knew it, I'd dropped my skirt and my fingers were unbuttoning my blouse. A moment later, the buttons were undone.
"Take it off." Jay said. "Show everyone your breasts."
Shrugging the blouse from my shoulders, and then feeling Jay pull it away from my shoulders and down my arms, my hands automatically went up to envelop the training bra covering my tiny breasts.
"That's so cute!" I heard a woman standing close to me say. "Look how small her boobs are. They're just little nipples!"
Jay's finger was still digging between my legs, probing me at the entrance of my vagina..... my cunt...... and I could feel how wet I was, but, when this woman brought everyone's attention to my miniature breasts, I shook my head back and forth and lowered my head in shame.
"Hold your skirt up again, Sally." I heard Jay say. "Just like before..... all the way up."
Reluctantly, I dropped my hands to my skirt and lifted it again as he instructed.
"I guess it's obvious why you didn't flash your tits at me." Jay said. "You don't have much on top, do you? Not even enough to fill a big girl's bra. Right, Sally?"
I couldn't answer. My throat had closed up and my mouth was totally dry. It was excruciatingly unbearable now, and Jay was saying things he knew would affect me in the most basic way a woman could be affected. I knew my breasts were small, and the other's could see that as well. But, when I felt Jay's hand return to my shoulder and caress me softly, I remembered what he told me before we left his room: "The first part might be the hardest to endure."
"Tell us about your breasts, Sally." Jay said.
I thought about what he said, but, for the life of me, I didn't understand what he was asking. "I don't understand, Sir." I replied.
"Well," Jay said loudly, "are they big girl breasts? Do you like to flaunt them? You know, Sally," he said, "do you like to show them off with low cut tops and shake them at the boys?"
"No, Sir." I said quietly.
"Why is that, Sally?" Jay asked.
"They're small." I said, almost inaudibly.
"What's that?" Jay said, tightening his grip on my shoulder and forcing his finger harder in between my legs.
"They're small, Sir." I repeated, speaking louder this time.
"Small?" Jay said, laughing, and then releasing the grip on my shoulder. "I'd say they were tiny, wouldn't you? I mean, for heaven's sake, girl, let's be honest here...... you're almost completely flat..... not like a big girl at all."
The heat in my face I experienced earlier was nothing compared to the burning that cascaded over my entire body now. I stood there in complete and utter humiliation as his, and everyone else's eyes focused in on my little orbs.
"Well?" Jay said.
"Yes, Sir." I answered. "My breasts are very small. I'm almost flat, Sir."
"You've never even worn a big girl bra, have you Sally?" He asked.
I shook my head, saying, "No, Sir."
Quickly, almost even before I could complete my answer, Jay asked, "What kind of bras do you wear if you don't wear big girl bras?"
I could hear my pulse thumping in my temples, and I knew what he wanted me to say, but I was having a hard time getting my mouth to say those words. After a second, his hand tightened on my shoulder again, so I forced myself to say them.
"Training bras, Sir." I croaked. "The kind little girls wear."
"Oh," Jay chuckled, "you mean like for little tits?"
"Yes, Sir." I said in shame.
"Maybe we should see them and judge for ourselves." Jay said. Then, before I could comprehend what he was saying, he took his hand off my shoulder and from between my legs. Just as quickly, he unclasped my training bra and let it flutter down my arms until it came to rest at my wrists as I held my skirt up.
The cool air in the room made my nipples poke out, and I heard a chorus of "Oohs" and "Aahhs" as the flimsy garment fell away from my chest. Again, I heard the woman standing close to me. She whispered to someone else, saying, "Oh! Look honey." She said. "They're so tiny and precious!"
Jay's fingers returned to their spot between my legs and I opened wider for him when I felt his touch. At the same time, Jay's other hand reached up to my breasts and I felt him cover my entire right boob with his hand, saying, "Tell the truth, Sally." Jay instructed me. "Now that your little boobs are on display, do you want me to cover them back up, or shall I leave them exposed?"
Jay's hand was back at work, running his finger up and down my pantied slit, and even without being able to look, I knew I was lubricating generously. I knew that everyone was able to see my excitement, too, because I could smell it and I could hear the familiar sound of wet panties rubbing against an impatient vagina. It took every ounce of courage in my body to answer him, and when I did, it was like the whole crowd let out a sigh of relief.
"Sir, please leave them exposed." I replied to his question.
"Oh!" Jay said, excitedly. "So, you ARE an exhibitionist, then? You like being exposed? You like showing off your body and letting everyone see your tiny titty buds?"
Jay's finger was concentrating on my clit through my soaked panties and it felt so devilishly pleasing. I tried to rub against his hand to increase the pressure against my clitoris, but, when I did, he pulled his hand away from my crotch and said, "Answer me, Sally."
Again, I felt hot, and the blush from my face flowed down my chest and I could feel it settle above my waist. "Yes, Sir." I answered.
"No, Sally." Jay said, sharply. "It's not going to be that easy. You have to actually say it. I want you to tell everyone here exactly what you are. I don't want there to be any questions in anyone's mind that you get sexual pleasure from being exposed and looked at. In fact, I want you to invite each and everyone here to look closely at your tiny breasts, and also tell them how much you want them to look at your cunt once you're completely naked. Which, by the way, won't be very long from now."
The experience Jay was putting me through was just exactly what I'd written in my fantasy. I told him how much I wanted to be exposed in a disgraceful manner, completely embarrassed and wholly humiliated. I went on and on about how I wanted to experience the feel of shame, and not just mild shame, either. I explained in detail how I wanted to be broken down and feel the bite of real shame and then be forced to submit to others willingly..... to be punished..... to be fucked and used as a school girl cum slut.
Jay was being thorough, that's for sure, but, when I wrote those things I had no idea what it would do to me. I had no idea what it would feel like in real life. And, as I felt my throat grow thick with reluctance, my emotions got the best of me and I thought I was going to start to cry.
I felt Jay move in front of me, and put his arms around my partially naked body as I continued to stand there and hold my skirt up. "Shhhh, Baby." Jay whispered in my ear. "We're almost done with this part. Just say what I asked and we'll move to the next part. You can do it." Jay said, softly. "Don't forget, we're just role playing. None of this is real. And, I'll be right here with you."
Jay stepped to the side and I took a deep breath, sniffling and forcing myself to look up at the people I couldn't see in front of me because of the blindfold.
"I'm an exhibitionist." I said, as clearly as possible. "I get sexually excited when I think about someone looking at me. And, even though it might not be right, and it might not appear that way to you, I definitely want all of you to look at me closely. I want you to see my small breasts and my vagina. I want you to get sexually excited, too. I want you to tell me you're looking at me. I want you to stare at my pussy and make me show you what you want to see. Tell me to open my legs and pull my cunt lips apart so you can see all the way inside me. That's what I want."
Jay leaned over and kissed me on the cheek. "Very good, my sweet." Jay said, very softly. "Now, unzip your skirt, step out of it and hand it to me. Just let your bra fall to the floor. You won't need it anymore tonight."
I was so relieved he wasn't making me say anything more, I quickly did as he said, leaving me standing there in just my thigh high stockings, Mary Jane flats and my drenched panties.
"Clasp your hands behind your head." Jay said.
As soon as I complied, Jay's hands immediately went to the waistband of my panties and whisked them down to my knees. I was caught so off guard by the suddenness of his move, my hands instinctively came around in front of me as if I was going to cover my vagina from everyone's stare.
"No, no, no!" Jay snapped at me. "Put your hands back until I say otherwise."
The room was so silent, you could have heard a pin drop. I was totally on display now. My tiny, less than A-Cup boobies were bare, and my panties were down at my knees and everyone could see my perfectly waxed, hairless pussy. I'd never, ever, in my whole life felt more naked and more exposed as I did at that exact second.
"Holy fuck!" A man's voice exclaimed. "She looks like a little kid!"
The woman in front of me murmured something, too, saying, "Oh, yes. She's so lovely, Jay. Is she wet?"
I felt Jay run one of his fingers up and down my slit and then finally and thankfully, into my pussy hole. He kept it there for a second, swishing it around inside me and then pulled it out. A huge collective gasp and moaning over took the crowd as Jay said, "Does it look like she's wet?"
I could feel how slippery I was when he touched me and when he pulled his finger out of my cunt. I can only imagine how wet his finger looked, but I got the real impact of what he did when he said, "Does anyone want to smell our little school girl's cunt?"
The crowd became restless and I heard voices all around me saying, "Yes", or, "I do."
So, as I stood there, Jay repeatedly fingered me and then removed his finger from my cunt. I heard people moving around me, like they were in a line, waiting to inhale and sniff my pussy juice from Jay's finger. I heard a different woman's voice speak, asking if she could taste me, and I shuddered when Jay said she could.
He left his finger push into me and then Jay moved it in and out several times before he took it out and offered it to the woman, saying, "Here you go, Sandra. Taste the little slut's cunt juice."
Silence again fell over the small crowd, and when I heard the slurping sound of a mouth sucking down a finger, I realized it was true -- Jay had fed his pussy juice coated finger to a woman and she was sucking on it. Lay leaned over and asked me, loud enough for everyone to hear, "Have you ever been sexual with another female, Sally?"
"No, Sir." I answered, truthfully. I'd come close a few years ago, though. An older woman at work who I knew pretty well told me in confidence she was bi-sexual. After that, when ever I saw her, I always fantasized about her and wondered what it would be like to be forced down between her legs and told to lick her pussy. All those feelings came back to me while I listened to the woman suck my juices from Jay's finger. When she was done sucking, she moved up close to me and said, "I love breaking in a new girl, Sally. I'd be gentle, I promise."
I stood there while the rest of Jay's guests looked at me and sniffed his finger. It didn't take that long, and each time Jay's finger went between my legs and diddled me, I got more and more excited, and by the time everyone was done, I was literally dripping wet.
"Take your panties off and hand them to me, Sally." Jay instructed. "I think it's time for our guests to really get a good look at you."
I felt Jay's hand on my upper arm, holding me up while I bent down and pushed my panties to my feet. Then stepping out of them, I held them up and he took them from me. I heard a man to my side ask if he could have the panties I just took off, but, Jay told him 'No'.
"These are for me to keep, Jim." Jay said, chuckling. "I want her to remember what happened tonight and every time she thinks about it, I want her to realize that I'll always know what she smells like because I have her panties."
The group laughed with Jay, but, I already knew he was going to keep my panties and I felt it was appropriate for him to have them. It was, at least, one thing I could give him in return for what he was giving me -- my ultimate fantasy.
I felt both Jay's hands on my shoulders. He leaned into me and whispered, "There's a mattress on the floor about three steps behind you. I'm going to move you to the mattress, and I want you to get on your hands and knees with your bottom pointing toward the group. Sally, you're going to spread your knees out wide and then rest your head down on the mattress. Then, don't move until I tell you. Understand?"
"Yes, Sir." I replied.
I knew exactly what Jay was planning next. I knew full well with me on my hands and knees, my freshly waxed pussy and butt would be plainly visible to everyone. When a woman is in that position, all her charms are clearly exposed, and there's no way to hide any of it. I groaned to myself, realizing the way I was going to be displayed, but, I was also extremely turned on. One saving grace about this, though, and that was no one would be able to see my face while I was in that position.
He gently turned me around and I reached out with my foot for several steps until I felt the mattress. Then, taking a step onto it, he guided me to where he wanted me and simply said, "Down."
The group was quiet for a few seconds, at least until I started to get into position and then there was a lot of whispering. "Knees wider, please." Jay said, tapping the inside of my thighs until I'd spread them to where he wanted them. Then, I felt his hand on my shoulders, gently pushing me forward until my head was resting against the soft fabric.
"As you can see," Jay began to say to the group, "our naked school girl is completely hairless. This is so you can see all of her, and I encourage all of you to step up and get a good look."
"Don't be bashful," Jay added, "you heard her say she wanted everyone to look at her."
I heard the shuffling of footsteps and I sensed them as they grew closer. I could visualize what they were seeing, too -- my bare pussy.... my cunt..... from behind and my bottom, all open and displayed for their enjoyment.
Jay knelt down next to me and whispered in my ear, saying, "Just stay like that and don't move."
When Jay stood up, I felt movement on the mattress on both sides of me. After a second, I realized two people were on the mattress with me, and a second later, I felt four hands on my back, lightly touching me, stroking and caressing me from my neck down to my waist. Inside my blindfold, I clinched my eyes tightly with the knowledge I was about to be touched intimately, but, I was wrong.
Instead, the hands moved lower..... to my bottom, and in a moments time, I felt each person put one hand on my lower back and another hand on one of my butt cheeks, and they simultaneously spread the cheeks of my bottom, first tenderly, and then they opened my cheeks as far as they could, and held them open.
"There you go." Jay said to the group looking at me. "Come look at our nasty little school girl now. See how open she is? See the way her cunt lips are spread open? See how pink she is inside? You can see how wet she is, too, and you can see her little clit poking out. Come on." Jay encouraged them. "Everyone step up and get a good look at our little exhibitionist's sex parts. She wants you to see this. She knows exactly what you'll be seeing. We don't want to disappoint her, do we?"
In my mind, I had a vision of what I looked like. Dressed only in my pure white thigh highs, and my school girl Mary Jane shoes, I was on this mattress with my knees spread and my butt cheeks pulled apart. Not only was my bottom hole completely visible, but I'm sure my pussy was being held open, too. I could just image the view they got, being able to see both sets of my feminine lips, the wetness inside my inner lips and probably down inside past the opening of my vagina to the pink interior of my lubricating pussy.
The feeling that spread over me was powerful. Even at the doctor's office for my annual exam and pap smear, I'd never been displayed or seen like this. This was totally sexual in nature -- there was no other purpose for what Jay was doing, other than to expose me in a way I'd never been exposed before, and display my most private parts in a way they had never been displayed. My mind was filled with utter humiliation and immense arousal at the same time, and as I lie there allowing it to happen, I was barely able to breath evenly.
Remembering Jay promised to stay by me, I pulled my left hand out from under my body and I raised it up. Even before I could get it up, Jay grasped it. It sounds so corny to say he held my hand gently, but, that's what he did. Cradling my little hand in both of his, he gently soothed me and patted my hand, whispering, "Just be still and enjoy this, my dear. You might never again have the chance to be experience the total exposure you're having right now. Your cunt is open, Sally. We can see right down inside you and you are really wet. There's eleven set of eyes looking at you...... eleven set of eyes that will never forget what a beautiful, hairless pussy you have. After they've seen you like this, you'll have no modesty and no reason to hold back."
What Jay said was true. After being exposed like this, there was no reason what so ever for me to hold back. And, I had no intention of doing that.
To be continued...