Dani obviously came from money. Her parents' place was huge and hidden up in the hills, overlooking the coast. The sleek modern building had floor to ceiling glass windows all around its living area, looking out onto a balcony wider than our apartment which housed the pool and spa we'd been promised. The parking space at the end of the driveway was comparable to our whole apartment. The three cars that had transported the lots of us from the beach found haphazard places to stop and let everyone out.
No one had put on any more than the most basic of coverups when we'd dressed. I don't think anyone had bothered with underwear either. It seemed some of our friends in their cars had stripped off the moment they entered the driveway and were off public roads. Emma and Lily emerged from their vehicle already naked again and walked to the front door that way like it was nothing. Todd, who'd been driving, still wore his board shorts. Dani and James came out of their car with an opaque coverup and shorts on respectively. I decided to follow Emma and Lily's example, and dropped my own shorts the moment I got out of the car. Sarah shimmied out of her playsuit, throwing it with our bags on the backseat. After a moment's hesitation, Katie stripped nude as well. I rewarded her boldness with a long kiss and a quick tickle between the legs. Wet already.
"I can't believe we're doing this," she whispered.
I couldn't either, but it wasn't going to stop me. You know how asking too many questions about a dream while you're asleep makes it unravel and wake you up? Basically that's what I was afraid of.
I let my revived boner point the way to the front door and strode confidently into this stranger's house full of new friends with my sexual intent bared. I saw Dani by the pool, lifting her coverup over her head, revealing the gorgeous shape of her body from the bottom up. She dived in. To the side, a naked James was joining Emma, Todd and Lily in the hot tub. Sarah ran for the pool, her whole body bouncing, and cannonballed in.
I followed Katie as she went to the balcony, strutting in a way that showed off her naked profile and those wonderful legs to the crew watching over the side of the tub. She leaned over the railing to appreciate the view, uncaring of how many neighbours might be able to look up and see her bare breasts. I came in from behind, grabbing her tits, kissing her neck, grinding my cock into the crack of her bare ass. "I can't hold back anymore," I whispered.
"You should give Sarah some love," she advised. "After you never got to her on the beach. I love watching you with her, the way your pretty body moves, the faces you make."
"All our new friends are going to see it too."
"I want them to. I need them to know what a beautiful boyfriend I have. They need to see how well you fuck."
"What if they do more than see later?"
Katie turned around and kissed me head on. "They're all such pretty people. You'll look good with them. Now go put on your show."
I dived into the pool and pulled my way through the water, keeping my head beneath the surface for the incredible view of Sarah and Dani's legs pedalling to keep them afloat. Staying close to the bottom and moving under them, I got incredible pussy views from angles that weren't easy to find normally. Drowning would have been worth spending the rest of my life down there.
I surfaced in front of Sarah, taking her into my arms and kissing her hard. My cock pushed into her soft tummy as we kicked to stay afloat. I got those magic fingers Katie had liked so much under the water and put them to work, but we quickly started to sink. We made it to the shallow end with some difficulty, fondling each other all the way.
The stairs for leaving the pool had two shiny silver handrails. Sarah pulled herself from the water and laid on her back on the top step, raising and opening her legs, using the handrails as stirrups. Her gaping, wet cunt invited me in, and who was I to reject something as beautiful as that. I leapt up and penetrated her with the water still falling off my body. As with so many other fucks that had come at the end of a day's teasing, there was no need to take it slow, not when we were both already so close to climaxing. We were instantly the centre of attention, angled such that everyone there could see my cock slide in and out of her. Katie looked on while fingering herself on one side. Dani in the pool and our new friends in and around the hot tub stared on from the other. What they were doing with themselves under the water, I had no idea, but I loved feeling their eyes on my body, on my cock and on the sex I was having.
We fucked for our friends, and we came for them and let them hear intimate cries of pleasure and see our faces distorted by the beautiful agony of our orgasms. We stayed connected after, panting through intense eye contact, listening to our friends holler approval and compliment our hotness. I finally unsheathed myself, leaving my cum to ooze slowly out of her thoroughly-pounded pussy.
Katie kissed me as I left the pool. "That was a very good show."
"There's an encore performance in me," I said back.
"I'll join you guys in a sec," Sarah said, still splayed out. "I need a minute here."
We went to the hot tub. Dani decided to leave the pool as well. She pushed herself up over the side, water streaming off her tits, like something out of a movie. We conversed in breathy, flirty quips as we walked the rest of the pool.
"I've seen the effect you have on women," she teased as we leaned on the edge of the jacuzzi. I read the proposition in her eyes.
"Let me just double check if I can," I said. "Sarah's an established thing, we've never really done it with people outside of that before."
I looked to Katie, who'd used the time our conversation took to climb inside the hot tub. The bubbling water was lapping around her ribs, leaving her tits comfortably exposed. She'd sat next to James, how now had his arm over her shoulders. Their faces were close together, one of her arms angled to the side, maybe touching his thigh underwater. My breath caught. She met my eyes and nodded. Unless I had an objection the things we were both doing were okay with her.
It was odd seeing my girlfriend of so many years with another man for the first time, but I reasoned that we were at the same sex party, and hell, she must have felt something close to the same thing on that first afternoon, when she'd come back to the living room and found me kissing Sarah.
I turned back to Dani and kissed her mouth. The new tastes and scents of her body were intoxicating. She kissed different to the other girls. When her hands touched my body, she started in different places, moved different, handled my cock with new technique. I never wanted to leave Katie, but the feeling of discovery as a new partner and I found out how our bodies worked together was electric. My cock rose triumphantly from its post-Sarah cooldown phase, and in a few short minutes, Dani was rolling a rubber down the shaft and positioning me behind her.
I teased her with the end of my dick, taking it in hand and running it up and down through her labia and tapping her clit with the head. I reached my free hand around and raked my nails gently up her thighs and across her mound, using my fingers to trace the outline of her heart-shaped bush, then pulling them through the fiery hair. "Stop toying with me," she moaned. "I want to fuck!"
Ever the gentleman, I obliged her.
I started slow, relative to the frantic pounding I'd given Sarah, giving her the chance to set the pace. She immediately pushed back into me, working to up the rhythm. We settled into one that worked for both of us, and I took the chance to observe the room, just riding the sensation. Katie sat on James's lap now, facing him. They were making out with their hands busy under the water. She seemed to be enjoying herself. Todd had sat up on the rim of the tub, his cock rising like a tower from his lap. Emma, still in the water, kissed and licked it. Lily pulled herself out of the water and balanced on all fours on the edge of the tub, lowering her head into Todd's lap, where she joined Emma. They kissed him. They kissed each other with him in the middle. Lucky guy, I knew how good that felt.
Sarah arrived, having apparently recovered the use of her legs. She walked along the side of the tub, running her hand down Lily's spine, and whispered something in the trans girls' ear. Lily answered with a nod and quickly went back to kissing Emma over the top of Todd's dick. Sarah moved around behind Lily, whose ass was in the air, tiny balls prominent between her thighs. There was no hesitation at all as she pressed her face in, open mouthed, to lick, suck and kiss Lily's balls, taint and asshole. Sarah reached through and pulled Lily's cock back as far as her erection would allow, managing to run her tongue along the bottom of the shaft.
The show had me surprisingly hot. None of me, Katie or Sarah were particularly into anal play, but we'd experimented enough for me to know how erogenous that whole back area could be. I remembered a wonderful evening in which Sarah had come home from work while Katie and I were sixty-nining. Our bedroom door was open, and our no-shame system was well enough in place by that point that we didn't need to stop just because we heard the front door go. I had been on top, facing toward the top of the bed, totally engrossed in the sopping wet pussy being mashed into my mouth. I'd expected Sarah not to be able to do much but watch, so it had taken me totally by surprise when she'd swooped in to get her tongue on that whole rear zone while Katie sucked my cock. I came quickly and explosively. Katie had to push me off of her so she wouldn't choke.
The memory pulled me right to the brink. Sloshing water took my attention back to Katie and James, who were rising from the water. He reached over the side of the tub and grabbed one of the condoms Dani had laid out for the party while the rest of us made our way in. Katie put one leg up on the rim, giving me an open view of her gaping, fuck-desperate cunt. Dani and I both slowed our pace to a gentle bump and grind, watching together as our partners united. The tip of his cock, a bulbous silhouette inside the semi-transparent rubber pressed into the folds of her labia from behind. Katie reached down to guide him to her opening. I caught her eyes and held my gaze at the moment he penetrated. I saw the way her expression changed and the way a small gasp of pleasure squeaked out as he began to fuck. The leg up, man behind position gave me one of the most explicit views of my girlfriend I'd ever seen. I could see in detail the way her cunt lips gripped and lubricated the cock sliding in and out of them, with her engorged clit sticking needily out the front. I saw the muscles move behind her flat tummy and neat wedge of a landing strip as she tried to squeeze him on the inside. I saw every thrust ripple up her body and bounce her dripping, hard-nippled tits up and down. She craned her head back with her mouth hanging open in an O of unrestrained pleasure, gasping for breath as he kissed her neck and cheeks. She tried to get control of herself enough to kiss him, turning her head hard to the side, reaching with her tongue. He pulled her close and laid his head over her shoulder to comply. Their tongues met before their lips did in a sloppy open air pash.
It was like the hottest porn I'd ever seen, but I was watching it live and the lead actor was the woman I loved most in the world. Whether I was hands on or part of the audience, her sexuality was a joy to experience, and I could never ask her to restrain or hide it for a moment. Her pleasure was my pleasure, and she felt the same way for me.
Dani twitched and tightened around me. She was enjoying the show as much as I was.
To our left, Emma and Todd had changed places. He was in the water now, her on the rim, and he was exploring those luscious big pussy lips with his fingers and tongue, gently pinching, pulling, licking and sucking. I decided I'd like to try the same later, if Emma would let me. Most of the girls I'd been with had been mostly or completely innies. It seemed fun, having so much pussy just hanging out there to play with.
Sarah and Lily had broken off to do their own thing, which turned out to be Lily on her back on the floor with Sarah straddling her face. Sarah was working the other girl hard, grinding and wiggling her hips as Lily lapped and sucked blindly into her pussy -- a pussy that would still strongly carrying the taste of my cum. Lily seemed to be enjoying her submissive position; her tiny dick stood up like a periscope over her prone body. If I knew Sarah, she would reward Lily's hard work with a mindblowing suck followed by a hard fucking.
All this visual stimulation on top of Dani's cunt working its magic had me close. Dani decided she'd had enough of me being distracted by the views and quickly pulled me out to turn around. She hopped up on the rim of the tub, facing me with her arms and legs open. I pushed back inside and pounded her with renewed vigour, kneading and pulling on her tits as she screamed her little death to the sky.
Katie and I locked eyes again, watching each other over Dani's arched torso and bouncing tits. She'd broken off her kiss with James, but there was drool running all down her chin. "Cum for me," she said, and I knew it was for me. "Cum for me!"
As if I could do any less. I cried out from my orgasm and pressed into Dani as hard as I could as I came. Katie started to squeal as the climax came over her too. I reached out, extending my hand over Dani. My girlfriend leaned forward and reached for me. Our fingers intertwined as we both came. We were fucking other people, but we were fucking together. We were as one in this beautiful orgy of friends.
We spent the whole night at Dani's parent's place, fucking each other in basically every combination our sexualities allowed. I wish I could illustrate the whole night's worth of events for you all, but I fear I'm running out of new ways to describe sex, and getting repetitive would sell short the magic, so you'll have to use your imagination for the rest. Sarah still makes the final part of Katie and I's ongoing threesome, and we fuck in all kinds of wonderful ways, and Dani, Emma, Lily, James and Todd have become close friends who we visit the beach with and meet up with for various flavours of group sex regularly.
So ends the sexual chronicle of Katie and myself and our various friends, the story of how we learned to live with a new level of sexual openness, free of shame, privacy and restraint. I hope you've all enjoyed sharing a small part of our journey and managed to have some fun of your own along the way.