This is a true story. Much more to come. All comments and questions welcome.
My wife Mary is a good bit younger than I am. She's very hot in bed, but for several years I'd been trying to get her to dress sexier when we went out. After many refusals, she finally bought a sexy little outfit.
A thin, pink top that showed off her nipples, which get quite large when she's excited, once I'd persuaded her to wear it without a bra. And a tiny white miniskirt that just barely covered her bottom. My attempt to persuade her to go without panties failed.
"We're just going to take some pictures here in our apartment," I argued. "Nobody's going to see you."
"Nope," she said. "Besides, that part of me isn't going to be showing."
And that was that. At least the ones she chose were pretty sexy. Just as our little photo shoot was getting started, the doorbell rang. I put down the camera and answered it. It was Don, our downstairs neighbor. Don is a single guy who throws wild parties, and rumor has it that he's fucked all of the single women in the apartment complex, and many of the married ones as well.
"Just thought I'd stop by and see if ya'll wanted to come down to my place and have a few drinks," he said.
"Well, we were just getting ready to take a few pictures," I said.
"Of what?"
"Of Mary in her new outfit," I replied.
"Oh, can I stay and watch?" he asked.
I was about to ask Mary if that was OK with her when he just walked past me into the living room where Mary had been standing just out of his sight.
"Wow, Mary," he said. "That is a sexy outfit. Certainly worth more than a few pictures."
She giggled, but I could tell that she was embarrassed at having him looking at her. But maybe a little excited too, because her nipples got very hard.
"Thanks," she said. More giggles.
"Now I know I've gotta stay," he said. "You don't get to see such a hot babe very often."
Mary giggled some more and blushed. Don sat down and I picked up the camera and started shooting. I got shots of Mary standing, walking and sitting. When she sat down, the little skirt rode up to show just a hint of her panties. She tugged at the hem, but the skirt was just too short. All this time Don was pouring out compliments about Mary's face and body. He zeroed in on the hint of panties and got her crossing and uncrossing her legs, which gave us both a better view.
"I want you to let us have a really good look at those panties," he said.
"What do you mean?" she asked. "I know ya'll can see them when I move my legs."
"That's just glimpses," he said. "We want to really see them, don't we Sam?"
She shook her head, but he kept after her until she finally spread her knees enough for us to see the panties. They were transparent enough to show the dark patch of her bush. But Don wasn't satisfied. It was easy to see how he got so many women in bed, because he was persistent, and really knew how to charm a woman.
Proof? Finally, Mary spread her legs wide. A fringe of pubic hair popped out from the leg holes. And as the panties tightened, we could see the top of her pussy through the thin material.
She looked right at Don and said "Satisfied now?"
Of course he wasn't. It only took him a few more minutes to talk her out of her skirt, then her top. She stood with her hands on her hips, showing us her bare breasts and smiling. I was stunned. She was enjoying this!
"You like my breasts, Don?" she asked.
"Oh yes," he said. "But call them tits, sugar."
"OK, you like my tits, Don?"
She smiled and gave a little shrug that made her tits jiggle. Her nipples were the hardest I'd ever seen them. And I was getting pretty hard myself. I imagine Don was too.
"Well, I guess that's it, guys," she said.
But it wasn't. It took Don less than two minutes to talk her out of her panties, and moments later she was sitting on the floor with her legs spread, showing us her hairy bush and a clearly wet pussy.
"Jesus, Mary, you are so hot," Don said. "What a fucking luscious pussy!"
"Just like the girls in those magazines," she said, looking down at her pussy. Then looking at me "Is this what you wanted? Me showing my tits and ass and pussy to other men?"
I was speechless, but I did nod, yes. She laughed. Then she got up and started gathering up her clothes.
"Show's over boys," she said and walked out of the room.
Somehow I got Don out of there and followed her to the bedroom.
"Jesus, hon, that was..." I began.
"Don't say anything," she said. "Just get your clothes off."
Well, that was the best fuck we'd ever had. No foreplay, just animal fucking. Her pussy was soaking wet before I laid a hand on her.
That night Don threw one of his impromptu parties. It was his usual party—wild and wooly—but by midnight only a few people were left, all in the bar except Don and I, who were talking on the patio. Then Mary came out and sat down in the chair between us.
"Jeez, I'm beat," she said. "My legs positively ache. How about massaging them?"
She put them across my lap and I began rubbing her calves.
"Oh, that feels good!" she cooed.
"Sorry," I said after about fifteen minutes. "But I've gotta go to the bathroom. Be right back."
It took a little longer than I'd expected, because I went into the bar to get a beer and found Angela, Don's girlfriend of the moment, modeling her new black, see-through blouse for some people. When I finally got back, Mary had her legs in Don's lap, and he was rubbing her calves.
"Hey, I want my legs back," I said, laughing.
"Oh, no," Mary said. "Don's too good at this."
"Well, at least give me one."
"OK! Pull your chair up closer."
She draped her right leg over mine. She was wearing her new short skirt, which slid way up, leaving most of her thighs bare. "Nice," Don said. "Look all you want," she said, giggling. "Just don't stop rubbing." She wriggled down in her seat, sending the skirt higher still, until a silky vee of panties shone whitely in the moonlight. Curls of pubic hair lay in black ringlets on her tan thighs. Until then, I hadn't realized how drunk she was.
I moved my hands up and began massaging behind her knee.
"Oh, yes..." she moaned. "Don, you do that, too."
We worked on her knees for a while. Then I moved up onto her thigh. When Don followed suit, she moaned and pushed even further down in the chair, spreading her legs even more. Her panties slid up into her crotch, revealing a mass of curly pubic hair. I could hear Don's breath becoming labored. I began to get hard. I moved my hands higher, slowly, higher yet, until my fingers were brushing her pubic hair. Don mirrored my move.
"Oh, yes..." she sighed. "Oh, yes..."
We were all pretty damned drunk. I slipped one finger beneath the elastic of her panties. I could feel the softened flesh of her pussy lips. I pushed further, encountered Don's finger coming in from the other side.
"Well, what have we here?"
It was Angela. She stood with her legs apart, hands on hips, her nipples making dark circles under the transparent blouse. She grabbed Don's hand, yanked him up.
"Come on, lover," she said. "If you're gonna play with pussy, it's gonna be mine."
Mary and I raced upstairs. We left a trail of clothes from the front door to the bedroom. And had our second great fuck of the day.