I'm Tammy, Blonde hair. 36C breasts, 5'6 tall with a shaved smooth pussy.
A rather blunt opening, but my real openings are anything but blunt.
The story of the Halloween night that changed my life from a sexual perspective, unfolded in the following fashion. I'd recently had my divorce finalised and decided to change the path I followed.
I was a loving loyal wife, very sexually active, but this didn't seem to be enough for my piece of shit ex husband.
As I said in my opening line, Blonde hair, 36C very firm and sensitive breasts, 5'6" tall and closer to six feet with my heels on. My final parting shot was shaving my pussy glass smooth, something my ex begged for and something I decided to perform as my final act of revenge. When we signed our divorce papers I made sure to whisper in his ear that my pussy was shaved smooth and he would never get the pleasure of enjoying my tight cunt milk the cum from his average cock.
It was Halloween night and I was going Downtown with a girlfriend to enjoy the Halloween festivities. Like every other person on Halloween, I was wearing the expected outrageous costume.
The costume I opted for was a naughty school girl outfit, which I added my own spin on.
Pleated tight short skirt, hold up fishnet stockings, Black high heeled shoes with a nasty slutty ankle strap and short white button up top being stretched to almost breaking point by my firm 36C breasts. My black quarter cup bra was visible through the thin white material of my top, which my unfettered erect nipples were delightfully pushing against. My pussy was barely covered by a totally see through black tight thong. The triangle of see through material hardly covered the smooth mound of my shaved pussy.
I would normally never wear such an outfit but as I said earlier I was changing the path my life followed.
We ended up in a dive bar full of hot aggressive men. These were not my usual type, but I was experimenting and looking for fun. My girlfriend and I were drinking and partying with a few guys, who were great fun, though a little bit touchy feely, but considering the amount of alcohol we were consuming it didn't seem too much of an issue and if truth be told it was quite the turn on for me.
My girlfriend, who is quite the lightweight in the drinking stakes, told me that she had reached her limit and was preparing to head home. I informed her that I was going to stay a while longer and party with the guys.
My girlfriend gave me a quick hug and made her way home. The guys were still buzzing and said let's order a Boogie Bus and have a mobile disco. One of the guys knew a guy who owned one and called him immediately. I couldn't hear any of the telephone conversation, but the guy closed his phone and shouted.
"The party bus will be outside in five minutes!" Everyone cheered as we finished our drinks and made our way to the exit. It was at this point that I realised I was the only female amongst eight guys, but I got a little kick from that and we all ended up on a party bus. The 3 guys I was drinking with and 5 other men were on the bus. Music was loud and lights were down low. There was a Pole in the middle of the Party Bus. The music was very sexy R&B with a great dance vibe.
With some yells of encouragement from the guys, I started dancing on the pole showing my ass off smiling at the guys I was drinking with. I begin to give Tom, Ron and Barry very sensual lap dances. This made the guys cheer even louder. As I was straddled across the lap of Tom, grinding my pussy into the rock hard erection straining to burst from his trousers, Tom lifted my short schoolgirl mini skirt and gently kneaded my smooth ass with his many fingers. My thong was right up the crack of my ass as I gyrated my pussy for my mobile audience. I sprawled Ron who did exactly the same as Tom, cupping my buttocks and squeezing my aroused flesh. Barry was a different story altogether. Straddled his thighs, smiling as I looked directly into his eyes, gyrating my hips until the small material of my thong rated on the rampant erection hiding within his trousers. Barry placed his hands on my waist and pulled me closer to him. My erect nipples brushed against my shirt and Barry's chest. Barry placed his left hand on my right buttock and his right hand on my left breast. His aim was perfect as his fingertips lightly brushed my erect nipple, sending electric sexual shockwaves through my pussy. The bubbling and tingling sensation was now controlling my pussy and whatever would occur this evening.
Making three cocks rock hard in such a short space of time was the most erotic thing I had ever encountered until then. The other guys, Tim, Ryan, Matt, Dave and Tony watched lustfully, cheering me on, whistling and saying some stuff that nobody had ever said to me.
If had said to me previously "Fuck you're hot. That ass and those legs are giving me such a boner" I would have probably slapped the face of him.
Tonight, it was the greatest thing that had ever been said to me and each comment was getting better.
"Wow she looks such a hot bitch!"
"I'd love to fuck this slut!"
That ass needs to be fucked!"
Tom pulled me back over to his lap after seeing what Barry was doing with no objections from me.
Tom smiled a deliciously sexy smile as I ground my pussy onto his now massive erect cock. The size of his bulge was quite the shock as I never expected him to be so well hung.
Tom saw my eyebrows raise and took his cue by grabbing the sides of my thong and with one quick move, ripped my thong completely from me. I was more than a little shocked but kept grinding my now naked pussy onto the shape of his huge cock. All of the guys could now see my naked ass and the shaved slit of my pussy. Barry held the cheeks of my ass apart exposing my pink asshole and very wet slit to my small audience. The cheer almost tore the roof off the Party Bus. Barry enjoying his role as the MC slid his index finger along the wet slit of my pussy. I moaned approvingly enjoying the sexual attention. Barry lid his finger up to the second knuckle and began to finger fuck my pussy. Even with the loud music you could still hear the squelching of my incredibly wet pussy.
Ron wanted to join in the proceedings and began to undo the buttons on my thigh shirt. As the last button popped my 36C breasts were exposed nestling delicately in my quarter cup bra. Instinctively I kissed Tom with an open mouthed kiss, sharing lots of tongue with each other. I could feel the unmistakable fumbling of Tom opening his zipper and releasing his huge weapon. The heat of his monster cock teased my soaked labia delightfully. As the tip of his cock slid between my pussy lips, I slowly lowered my excited pussy over the head of his hard cock. My head went back as the pleasure of his hard flesh excited me, causing me to let out a very throaty moan of sincere pleasure.
My removed top was now exposing my lace bra. And firm breasts to my mesmerised audience.
The other guys cheered loudly as my moans and sexual groans increase in volume as Tom's cock pushes me to the brink of the most pleasurable orgasm I had ever experienced.
My libido was so high at this point, I swear I would have probably let them do whatever they wanted to me.
Barry stood up and pulled out his 8 inch cock, slapping my right cheek with his rampant cock. He grins as he shoves his hard cock into my face, grabbing my hair and pulling my lips toward his erection. I could smell the musk of his cock as I slipped my lips over his cock and began to suck it like a porno slut, which incidentally I had just become as the five guys watching took out their phones and began to photograph and video my antics.
This aroused me immensely as I played the part of porno slut like I was born to do so.
Ron moved directly behind as the second orgasm swept through me. Tom's cock was working wonders in my pussy, enhanced even further when Ron slid his middle finger inside my exposed asshole.
The screams and yelling in the Party Bus got louder "fuck the slut!" "fuck the slut!"
A quick re-assessment of the timeline and here I was on a Party Bus with eight total strangers, with one huge cock sliding in and out of my cunt, my tongue slobbering all over the shaft and bulbous head of another huge cock while the finger of a different guy altogether slid in and out of my puckered asshole all in full view of my captive audience.
I knew that every cock would spend some time inside me and I needed to ascertain what I would be doing with eight different seminal loads. I aroused myself at the thought of swallowing, wearing and getting facially glazed with the by-product of their orgasmic fluids.
As I continued to suck Barry's cock, Tom removed his cock from my trembling pussy, easing me off his lap. He then proceeded to stand up, his big cock jutting forward as he began to move Ron out of the way and bend me over the seat. Barry's cock was in my mouth the whole time during this manoeuvre as I continued to devour his erect flesh with the skills of a porno slut.
Tom slid his cock into me from behind, causing me to gasp at his length and girth as his cock hit places my pussy didn't know existed. I received a round of applause as Tom began to ferociously fuck my pussy. Barry adjusted his position as indicated he was ready to unload. Ron decided that it was time to take my bra off and began to teasingly play with my tits.
Tom was pounding me so hard that Barry exploded his creamy orgasm to the back of my throat. Swallowing fiercely, I created a vacuum around his cock, enhancing his pleasurable sensations as each spurt slid down my throat. Tom kept fucking me harder and harder as he is cheered on by the other five that have chosen this very moment move closer to the action. All of the guys standing around me as Tom destroyed my pussy was an incredible turn on. I never realised that I had such strong exhibitionist tendencies, bur fucking like this can only be described as sensational and would be something I would repeat many times in the years to come.
I feel the beginning of another strong powerful orgasm just at the point that Tom explodes deep inside me. His cum is spurting inside me, hitting the opening of my cervix, forcing her to accept his vibrant seed.
As the last drops of Toms orgasm bury themselves inside my cavern, Tom's semi erect cock slips out of my slut fucked pussy.
I placed my hands on my ass cheeks and opened myself up to my audience and yelled.
"Who's next!"
As I expected, I feeI Ron move behind me and instantly starts fucking me without warning. Ron pulls me back on to his cock giving my right buttock a sharp slap. I moaned out loud at the stinging pleasure of my slapped buttock, when Ron took me by total surprise. From nowhere Ron looked down at his cock sliding in and out of my shaved pussy and said.
"I'm going to fuck your ass slut!" In a very aggressive tone.
This aroused me as Ron ploughed my pussy with vim and vigour. I felt his hands spread my ass cheeks as he spat on my pink puckered ring. No one had ever done such a thing to me and I have to admit, it was without doubt the horniest, raunchiest thing that had ever happened to me. I was experiencing a totally different sex life and I hungrily wanted more.
All of a sudden, I'm surrounded by 5 strangers all with their cocks unleashed. The musky smell of cock and pre-cum was tantalising my nostrils as the sexual pheromones sent my state of arousal supersonic. My head was grabbed forcefully and fed one of the musky hard cocks, as it forced its way into my mouth. I sucked and stroked the cock as though my life depended upon it. There was no greater rational within me than wanting to please these cocks.
I felt Ron remove his cock from my spunk soaked pussy, holding his cock as he rubbed the head of his come covered cock around the rim of my asshole. My excitement levels escalated as I felt my sphincter opening as Ron eased his cock inside my asshole a lot easier than I envisaged.
Anal sex was never top of my list but this was somewhat different. I was loving the searing heat of Ron's cock stretching my tightest of holes as he fucked me up my ass in front of an audience of complete strangers. My whole body was orgasmic.
I could tell from the twitching and throbbing that Ron was about to shoot inside my tight asshole. Ron grunted as his cum splashed inside my anal cavity. This brought another cheer as Ron withdrew his spent cock. I was bent over sucking cock, as spunk dribbled from my fucked pussy and gaping asshole. Dripping with cum, I felt Matt shoot his load directly into my mouth. I'd now received four loads of cum as my next sexual partners were deciding who would be next.
I reached into my purse and removed a tissue, carefully wiping the cum from my pussy and asshole. Dave sat next to me and guided me across his lap. His hard cock was nudging at my pussy opening as I easily slid down on his length.
Ryan stood behind me and whispered seductively in my ear.
"We're going to fill your holes with cock!" He whispered with a hint of menace.
Ryan began to ease his cock into my asshole. I'd never experienced the wonderful delights of double penetration before, but this was something I would no doubt crave.
The feeling of fullness was overwhelming as I thrust onto the invading cocks.
"I've one hole available!" I exclaimed to my audience.
Dave and Ryan were keeping my pussy and asshole occupied when Tony decided my mouth should be introduced to his cock. He fed his wonderful erection into my mouth which I obligingly began to suck with my enthusiastic fervour.
This little shenanigan proved too much for my three boys, as in unison they all emptied into me.
As each cock withdraws from me I take up the tissue and wipe clean my pussy and ass.
Unbelievably I am as horny now as I was at the beginning and desperately needed more cock. Tim, who was the most well built of the guys picked me up and held me tight. I was only wearing fishnet hold ups and very high heels as I wrapped my stockinged legs around his waist. My pussy was directly on top of the head of his cock as he gently pushed his length inside me.
"Oh that feels fucking awesome!" I sighed enjoying the length of Tims cock."As you're the last to fuck me, you can have every hole and cum wherever you want!" I smiled, grinding my cock filled pussy into his body.
"Take my cock and put it in your ass!" Tim snarled.
Obediently, I subserviently did as he requested and removed his cock from my pussy and placed the tip at my puckered ring. Tim held my cheeks open as his cock slipped with consummate ease into my accommodating asshole.
My little audience began to cheer.
"Fuck her ass!" Like some kind of frat house chant.
All of the other guys are now sporting erect cocks, watching Tim fuck the living daylights out of my ass.
All of the guys are stroking their erect cocks and I reach out to stroke as many of them as I can.
Tim whispers softly into my ear and says.
"I want to come in your mouth as you look into my eyes!"
Once again the guys cheered as I climbed down from Tim and performed my first but definitely not my last ass to mouth cum shot.
Tim held the base of his cock as the head and most of the shaft were enjoying the swirling sensations my tongue was providing. A huge forceful spurt of spunk hit the back of my throat as I opened my gullet and swallowed every spurting drop.
The Party Bus had stopped moving as we had arrived at the parking lot just outside of town. The parking lot was empty and very dimly lit
The guys were smiling and one of them said,
"You're going to really enjoy meeting Naboo!"
"Who is Taboo?" I enquired with a quizzical look.
"I am Naboo!" Came a voice from the door of the Party Bus.
"I am Naboo, your driver!" He smiled as he walked over to me.
Standing in front of me was a colossus of a Nigerian man, incredibly handsome wearing a sharp suit that could not hide the fact that underneath was a chiselled magnificent specimen of manhood.
He smelled incredible as he placed his huge black hand around my waist and escorted me to the front of the bus where there was a makeshift bed.
He began to remove every item of clothing until he was standing over me with his perfectly sculpted body and easily the largest cock I had ever seen.
I almost drooled looking at his cock as it thrust forward from his body.
I looked up into his eyes and can't for the life of me think why I said the following, but I'm so glad that I did.
"Please fuck me Naboo. You can do whatever you want to me!"
Naboo knelt between my legs as I widened them, then eased them upward, revealing my shaved pussy and just fucked asshole to Naboo and my audience.
Naboo smiled and held the base of his magnificent cock, easing closer to my pussy as I slid the middle finger from each hand inside my pussy and opened my hole to Naboo.
My audience gasped as I revealed more of myself than I had ever done. Naboo pressed his huge cock against my pussy opening as she opened delicately, almost kissing the head of his cock with my sensitive pussylips. As each inch slid inside me, I panted and moaned with a sexual pleasure that I didn't think was possible. The throbbing of his huge cock as it stretched me, was the most divine pleasure I'd ever encountered.
As the domed head of his massive cock hit the opening of my cervix, the first ever gushing orgasm of my life occurred. Female ejaculate was spurting from my stretched cunt as my vaginal walls oscillated with extreme pleasure.
The guys were cheering Naboo on.
"Fuck the slut!" Kept echoing around the Party Bus as the dynamic squelching of my delighted pussy could be heard accompanying the chants from the boys.
This was the first time I had acted like a complete slut and it was something I knew I would be repeating.
I had lost count of the number of orgasms I had enjoyed as now with help of Naboo's magnificent cock I was experiencing multiple and frequent orgasms.
Naboo smiled down at me and whispered softly in his broken English.
"I'm now going to fuck your ass, but don't worry, I will do slowly and carefully!" He smiled reassuringly.
The thought of receiving that cock in my ass was intimidating to say the least, but every fibre of my body wanted to please this perfect specimen. My instincts told me if I pleasured them, they would undoubtedly pleasure me.
Naboo eased his monster cock out of my pussy, resting the tip at my rosebud. He smiled at me as he spat on his fingers and spread his saliva around my recently fucked asshole.
He then slid two fingers inside my pussy and scooped out as much sexual fluid as he could. It was the perfect blend of female ejaculate, pussy juice and mixed spunk. Smearing the sex potion on and in my asshole, he smiled as he began to slowly push his anaconda into my accepting asshole. The pain at first was unbelievable, but as each inch traveled deeper, the sensations began to take a pleasurable form. Before you knew it I was gently thrusting toward this enormous cock fucking me in the ass. The guys were cheering so loud now it was almost deafening.
My stockinged legs rested on the broad powerful back of Naboo as our black and white bodies entwined like mating snakes.
All through this, Naboo was gently nibbling my ear and neck, with his perfect white teeth and full African lips. The nerve endings of my entire body were on pleasure alert as Naboo whispered his hot breath into my aural cavity and said.
"I'm going to fill your ass with my seed!"
Something about his choice of words sent me over the edge and I orgasmed anally as he emptied his masculine contents deep inside my asshole.
The guys cheered once more as I experienced the slut life in all of its glory.
My Halloween cockfest was not only the greatest pleasure I had ever experienced, it was also the beginning of my slut life.