After all, it was in my blood. My father was a crabber. I remember him being away from home for months on end when I was younger. Things were hard for us when he was gone but he would always return home from Alaska with gifts. That was until one day, he didn't come home. I was 9 and we had just moved north to be closer to him during the fishing season when my mother answered the door that day.
We had a service near the docks. I remember being introduced to all of Daddy's friends one by one - their large, rough hands each taking mine gently in turn and muttering some gruff words of comfort as I stood sentinel next to my sunken mother.
20 years later, I had been around the world. I had tumbled through college, then somehow landed an internship in Manhattan with a lifestyle magazine writing weekly sex-positive relationship articles. 5 years ago these became the biggest selling weekly publication - so much so that I was offered a book deal if I left the magazine. Which I did in a heartbeat. A heart which was set on being a novelist. My first book "Girl on girls - Get in bed with the competition" was an instant bestseller. Combining my years of curated sex tips, relationship advice and female empowerment, it allowed me to retire to my childhood hometown at 29, so focus on the next chapter of my writing career.
One night as I lay looking out my dining room window, I watched the grey haar rolling across the town below and pulling the dark buildings down under its freezing weight. The tips of church spires and TV aerials pierced the dense sea of fog like desperate sailors hands. Gathering my quilt tight around my knees, I shivered and took a long sip of my steaming coffee.
I thought moving back west would help me connect to my past. But now, back in the town where I grew up, where my father lived and died, I felt only regret that I barely knew him. The life he led at sea was a mystery to me. One I know had the time, and freedom to unravel.
So I did the only thing I could - write. After filling my waste paper basket with balls of bad ideas I resolved to write a book on the Alaskan Crab Fishermen. It would be a sweeping history of the culture and traditions of my family. It would be my way of finally honouring him. The only thing was - I knew nothing about crabbing. Ironically, the only boat I had every set foot on was an NYC ferry. The only way for me to understand the life my father led was for me to experience it first hand.
Remembering my Dad's old friend from his crabbing days I looked up his number to ask for advice.
"Hi, Gerald? This is...er...Erin. Erin Donahue. Yes, Jack's daughter. I'm good thanks. Listen, I have a bit of a strange request...I'm actually researching a book on crab fishing and I was wondering if you still knew anyone fishing these days? A bit of a longshot, I'm sorry... wait? You do?! No. That would be great. Thanks!"
Gerald gave me the cell number of the man who took over the boat from him when he retired. And after some confusion and a little bewilderment he agreed to have me onboard for a week as they set sail to begin the year's king crab season.
"We cast off at 5pm tonight. Be at the docks ready to go or you're not coming." His curt, gravelly voice poured through my phone. His air of command obvious, even from all these miles away. I'd better get ready.
I walked silently to my room to pack a case. Pulling my designer clothes from my wardrobe I realised I hadn't been on a date in months - another irony for a famous 'sexual health' writer. What should I wear for this trip though? "I'm not going to be judged on this year's lookbook 200 miles north", I thought to myself. So I simply packed as many warm clothes as I could fit into my case.
Packing my laptop and notepads I went out to my car, where the damp mist had given way to a driving rain. I grabbed my cute raincoat from behind the porch door and pulled on the light rubberized jacket over my fleece pullover. Throwing the hood up, I stuffed my wild, dark hair under the yellow hood as I dashed to the car. Just as I sat down, my phone buzzed in my raincoat pocket.
"Go to the chandlery on Stone Ward. You'll need gear." His short text read like an order, which I guess made sense. He was the captain after all.
After a short foggy drive down to the town, I pulled up outside the chandlery by the docks. Hunching, I ran over the lot outside - the rain lashed heavier now, soaking my jeans as I ran to the shop door. With a merry chime, the door swung open and I stepped inside to the warmth. I walked towards the counter, dripping as I went, where a man lent on one elbow watching me.
"You must be Erin eh?" he smiled. "Skipper said you were heading down. Said to look you out some gear." And with that, he dumped a stack of plastic packages onto the counter making the glass cabinets shake and rattle.
"Oh thanks, but I've got stuff with me." I gestured broadly to my soaked raincoat and hiking boots.
"Oh poor lass." he chuckled as he shook his head, "Have you never been to sea? You think that's bad out there? You're going to need something more...robust." He passed me the pile of packages and a pair of rubber boots. "There's a changing room over there, just give me a shout if you need me."
I stumbled over to the dirty curtain that passed as a changing room and set the pile of gear down to inspect. The first package was a black fleecy, thermal suit - much like a onesie - which conveniently had a butt flap! Stripping off all my wet clothes and underwear I pulled these on and savored the instant warm and softness on my naked, cold skin. Looking into the full length mirror inside the cubicle, I was impressed with how they hugged my curvy figure. Not uncomfortably tight but flattering my hips and thighs, and doing the front zip up to my neck my perky breasts were held neatly in place. The tall rubber boots looked to be my size, tall and bright yellow, they weren't quite chic but they looked warm and weatherproof so I slipped them on over my thick hiking socks.
In the next packets were a set of very thick, rubber oilskins. After putting my fleece back on over my base layer, I pulled the heavy smock over my head, then slipped my arms through the neoprene cuffs in the sleeves. Catching sight of myself standing in the oversized florescent yellow waterproof smock, I began to feel ready for the sea! Lastly, I shoved my booted feet though the bib and brace overalls and pulled them up, wiggling and struggling as they slipped over my hips and up to my chest. I fumbled with the straps and after getting completely confused I turned around to ask for help.
"Need a hand?" The shopkeeper's voice made me jump. He was standing just behind me, enjoying the sight of me struggling to dress myself.
"I...em...can't seem to get these...things", I stuttered.
"Here, look." And he skillfully took both straps and clipped the buckles at my shoulders. "Almost done, you've just forgotten one thing," and he reached down to pick up the last packet. He tore the plastic off and unfolded another yellow PVC item. I felt his hands gently, but forcefully spin me around to face the mirror. Then after running a hand through my thick, dark hair he carefully placed a matching yellow sou'wester hat on my head.
I actually loved it. The wide brim folded up at the front to frame my wide, bright eyes and ran right down to my back, covering my dark mass of flowing hair. The inside seemed to be made of the same fleece material my underwear was and had two ear flaps that hung down the sides. I'd never seen anything so cute!
"Well you look the part now lass!" The shopkeeper took a long slow look over my outfit. Through the mirror I saw him lingering on my PVC-clad ass. So feeling playful I wiggled my hips and spun around, showing off my new outfit to his delight.
"How much do I owe you then?" I asked.
"Bought and paid for. Skipper put it on his account." He waved away my money, "Can't take chances having a new greenhorn aboard, the wrong gear might get you killed out there!"
"A greenhorn? What's that?" But he was gone.
I looked around for my bag and gathered up my discarded clothes from the floor. Picking up my phone I checked the time - 16:37! Shit. I had to get to the dock. With no time to get changed I raced outside into the rain, thankful for the new waterproofs and ran to my car. I threw the haphazard pile of clothes into my travel bag in the trunk and sped off to the dock to meet the boat.