I remember the grass tickling my back and my ass, as I waited for Ray to return with the clamp and weights for my clit. This was going to hurt, for sure! I had never had a clamp on my clit, but I knew it wouldn't be a good feeling, based on how my nipples hurt when clamped.
I heard footsteps, and then felt fingers playing with my clit. Maybe if it didn't get hard, he wouldn't be able to clamp it. I tried to think of something that would divert my mind from what he was doing. It' didn't work. The little man in the boat, stood at attention in a matter of mere seconds! The little traitor had betrayed me.
"Now, this is going to hurt." He said, as he started tightening the screw on the clamp. "You can tell me when it's tight enough, but keep in mind, that you have, oh, at least six more laps to go, and if the weights fall off, I will punish you. So... Tell me when you think it's tight enough..."
Slowly he turned the screw, and I tried to judge just how tight it should be. This was tough! It was really hurting now, but I was sure it would fall off if the weights were too heavy. He hadn't showed them to me, so all I could do was guess how heavy they were. He kept tightening, until finally, I said, "Your slave thinks that should be good Master."
"Are you sure? Just so you know, your punishment will be the bull whip, and it will be used on your cunt. Now... I ask again... Are you sure?" he said.
"Master your slave thinks that a few more turns would be better."
The pain was incredible. When I rose to my feet, I looked at my clit. The tip was bright white, and it was almost smashed in half, near the base. The color began to change before my eyes, to shades of red, growing darker by the minute. My mind kicked into gear, and told me to get moving and end this torture, so I started cutting as fast as I could go. The clamp made it difficult to walk, as it was rubbing against my legs, pulling on my clit with each step I took.
Strangely, I forgot all about my nipples. My new focus was on my clit, and the pain it was in. When I reached the end of my current lap, I hollered at the top of my lungs, "May this slave have more weight!"
I was surprised, when Ray removed a weight from each nipple, and hung it on the clit clamp. Somehow, I didn't feel much relief in my nipples, and my clit throbbed and ached even more. Stupidly, I started out the next lap, going as fast as I could, almost jogging. That was a very bad mistake, because the weights flailed about, and I thought my clit was being ripped off. Immediately, I slowed back to my normal pace, and continued.
Each lap was an exorcize in determination. I was determined to finish this task, and get some relief in my aching nipples and clit. When I finished the last lap, Ray began removing the clamps. I was now sweating profusely. I had started out, with twelve weights, and to my horror, there were only eleven. Somewhere, I had lost one, and I began to cry as Ray held the weights up for me to count.
Immediately, I begged, "Your slave is so sorry master. Your slave begs for mercy. Your slave will do anything for forgiveness. Please be merciful this one time Master. Your slave begs you!"
"I am sorry slave, but you were aware of the rules and the consequences of breaking them. Losing a weight is clearly a mistake... You will have to be punished. However, I am in a forgiving mood, and will forgo the whip... this time. I have something else in mind. Now... get on your knees and follow me."
With the nipple and clit clamps still in place, I crawled to where I had started cutting the grass. Ray told me to assume the offer cunt position, and wait. It seemed like a long time before he returned, and when he did, he was pulling, what looked like a child's metal toy wagon. There was about six feet of chain attached to where the handle of the wagon would be, with a pair of clamps at the end. The wagon was pulled up behind me, and I felt him pull the chain between my legs. He pulled my labia lips out, and attached a clamp to each of them. The clamps were the type that got tighter, the more you pulled on them. I was very happy that he hadn't attached the wagon chain to my clit!
"You will pull the wagon, on hands and knees, until you find the lost weight. After every two unsuccessful laps, a brick will be added to the wagon." He pointed at a large pile of bricks. "We have plenty of bricks, and you will be out here, until you find the lost weight. I don't care how long it takes, or how many bricks we need. Now get moving before I change my mind and use the whip."
"Thank you for not using the whip Master. Your slave will find the weight she lost."
How much more could my poor, tortured body take. The wagon was old, and the wheels didn't turn too well. One of them didn't turn at all, and it was very tough dragging it behind me. At the end of the second lap, he motioned me over to the brick pile, and I dragged that miserable wagon behind me. He wasn't gentle about putting the brick in the wagon, and it made a loud bang when it hit the metal bottom. By this time, the sun was getting low, and it was becoming difficult to see. I had to find the fuckin weight before it got dark! I had no doubt I'd be out here searching by the light of the moon, if it wasn't found soon.
Finally! Half way through lap number five, I found the fuckin thing! I was elated. "Master! Master!" I yelled, "Your slave has found the weight she lost!"
"Well done slave! Now, bring it to me." He said.
The first thing that crossed my mind, was; if I carry it in my hand, I take the chance of losing it again. I could attach it to one of my clamps, but that's how it had been lost in the first place. I knew that putting it in the wagon wasn't correct, so I put it in my mouth, and crawled to where he stood. By now, I hated that miserable wagon, and cursed myself for losing the weight in the first place.
When I reached him, I pulled the weight out of my mouth, and handed it to him. He laughed, "Well, I have to give you credit for thinking outside the box slave. As I promised earlier, your nipple clamps will come off early. Are you ready for them to be removed slut?"
"Yes Master, your slut is ready, but this sluts Master is welcome to leave them on if it pleases him."
"No. Nevertheless, thank you for the kind offer. Since you have been so thoughtful, I will also remove your clit clamp."
From past experience, I knew how much it would hurt having the clamps removed. MY nipples and clit were pretty numb by now, and I dreaded the blood rushing back into them. The nipple clamps were removed first, and as anticipated an ensuing fire spread thorough them. Ray massaged my nipples, and they felt better. When he removed the clit clamp, it too burned like fire, and he rubbed my poor tortured nub. Then something unexpected happened... I had an orgasm while he rubbed my clit.
Ray smiled, as I cried out as another orgasm hit me. He kept rubbing, until I couldn't take it anymore, and begged him to stop. "If I didn't know better, I'd think you were enjoying yourself slave!" He laughed. "Now, go find a spot in the yard, and do your business before we go into the house."
At this point, I wasn't taking any chances on mistakes, so when I found a spot to pee, I asked, "Master, may your slave be allowed to piss here?"
"Yes, of course slave."
This was the first time, since this morning that I had relieved my bladder, and it felt wonderful. Once I finished, I moved a few feet away, and asked, "Master, may your slave be allowed to shit here?"
"Yes you may." he answered. "I think you're getting the hang of this slave."
When we entered the house, Ray told me to get cleaned up for dinner. I could take a shower or another bubble bath if I wanted, and take as long as I wanted. I stayed in that tub for a long, long time. When I got out, I felt completely refreshed, with the exception of my still tender clit, and nipples. It was only Tuesday, and I was beginning to have doubts about making it through the rest of the week, without having to use my safe word.
After dinner, he invited me to sit with him in the sitting room. He even had a nice glass of wine waiting for me! He asked me how I felt about my time here at the farm so far. I told him I hated it, but that I intended to get through it without losing my mind, or my will. I told him I hated the whip, and I also hated mowing the lawn. Being punished for losing the weight, was also unpleasant for me, but preferable to the whip. On the other side of the coin, I had enjoyed the bubble bath, and his lunches. Being taught the positions wasn't bad either, but the humiliation I felt when I had to relieve myself was very upsetting to me. I had definitely felt humiliated, and I knew I would feel the same, if I had to ask permission every time I went to the bathroom in the future.
"I'm not trying to break you, or change who you are, and I believe it would be a good idea to have a timeout word for you. There will be times going forward that you will want or need to step out of your role as a slave. For instance; family gatherings, holidays, social functions, and sometimes just to take a break to catch your breath." He said. "This is just a game for you and Bill, and I'm happy to be included in it. Did you think I meant that you should be a fulltime slave, when I approached you about it?"
"I wasn't completely sure. On one hand, I thought it would be fun to be someone's total and complete slave 24 hours a day, 7 days a week." I said. "I was still thinking that, when you brought me here, but now, I'm not sure I'd ever want that. Most of what I've been through here has not been any fun at all."
"I know, and I apologize for that. I needed to understand what you could and couldn't take, so I could set boundaries for you. That assessment was necessary for how you will be treated going forward. I will tell you right now, that I will never, ever use the bullwhip on you again. That was clearly too much for you to handle. On the other hand, I do think you are into pain on some level. Your orgasm when I took the clamps off of you today signaled that, and we may explore that more. If that happens, I promise, it will be gradually, and not all at once." he said.
"Thank you. That would be very much appreciated!" I said. "I agree about the timeout word. I think it's a good idea. You're right about the family gatherings. I think I may use a timeout, when my Mom or my sister comes to visit. They think I've already lost my mind!" We both laughed at that.
While we sat and talked, I had forgotten about my nakedness. I was completely comfortable being naked with this man. I even remembered to keep my legs open, and it still felt natural for me to be sitting like that. From time to time, I glanced at his crotch, and noticed the bulge. Somehow, I was horny, even in this absurd situation.
"I think a good word for timeout would be 'cigar'. It's not something that you would normally say." He said. "If you need a timeout, just ask Bill or me for a cigar, and we'll know what you need. From time to time, we will ask if you might need a break, and we will offer you a cigar. If you want a break, just say yes. If not, then decline the offer as a slave would. For example; Thank you master, but your slave would not like a cigar. OK?"
That sounded reasonable to me, and I agreed. He told me I had one last task for the day, and he looked down at his crotch. My guess was, he wanted a blowjob. Given that I had already sucked his cock with my husband present, I thought that it would be OK to do it again, and that it was something that was now permitted by Bill. I was looking forward to having a cock in my mouth.
I looked down, and said, "Please Master... May this slave have the honor of sucking your cock, if it pleases you?"
"You may." he said.
I got on my hands and knees, and crawled to him. My fingers opened his trousers, and I pulled out his hardening cock. I looked at it, and then ran my tongue up the underside, and swirled it around the head. Gently I kissed the head of it, and once it had grown to its full length, I sucked the head into my warm mouth.
His precum had a pleasant taste, and I savored every drop. This was going to be the very best blowjob I had ever given. At least, that was my goal. I wanted it to last as long as possible, and to give him as much pleasure as I could. My fingers lightly caressed his balls, and I slid him in further. Fighting off my gag reflex, I felt his hard cock hitting the back of my throat. I did everything possible, to deep throat him, even though I still wasn't very good at that.
I worked on him for a very long time, bringing him to the brink, several times, before holding his climax off. My efforts had a profound effect on him, and I could feel him tense up, yet again. His cock seemed to grow harder, and this time, I let him finish. He yelled out as his cum filled my mouth. His hands held my head, as stream after stream hit the back of my throat. I stopped and just held him in my mouth, and I swallowed his offering.
When he calmed down a bit, I began sucking again. "Whoa! I can't take any more of that! My dick's too sensitive right now. That was amazing. Very well done slave."
I pulled my lips from his softening member, and licked it, making sure there was no residue of cum on it. Then I smiled at him and said, "Your slave thanks her Master for the privilege of pleasing him."
After thinking for a moment, I said, "Master, may your slave ask a question?"
"Yes."
"May this slave be permitted to sleep somewhere other than the basement tonight?" I asked politely.
He thought for a moment, and then said, "I think something can be arranged." Then he left the room. He went into the dining room, and dragged a dog cage back with him. "I thought you might ask that. You may sleep here tonight, but you must still be caged. It's a matter of principal, and discipline."
Happily, I crawled into the cage, and curled up in a ball. After locking the cage, he said, "We will be leaving here tomorrow, and going to my home." Then, he left the room.
THURSDAY
"Slave..." I heard. "Slave... Time to wake up." I opened my eyes, and found Ray standing over my cage. He had already unlocked the door, and had a cup of coffee in his hand.
"Would you like to relieve yourself first, or have a cup of coffee?" He asked.
This was different, and not what I was expecting. I was being given a choice, and I wasn't sure if I should be in slave mode, or just be me, so I asked him, in slave mode of course... "Thank you Master. Your slave would be very grateful for a cup of coffee." I answered.
"Would you like cream and sugar?"
"No thank you Master. Your slave will drink black coffee."
I was surprised to find that he had made bacon and eggs for us, and we had a nice breakfast. He started telling me about this farm, "This place has been in my family for generations. My great, great grandparents built the place after the civil war. I inherited it, when both of my parents passed away a little over six years ago. I don't come here too often. I pay a man to keep up with the yard, and to make sure the place looks lived in. He will be coming, sometime today. Maybe someday, I'll sell it, but for now, it's a nice place to get away from the rest of the world... and for slave training and games."
After, I cleaned up the dishes, and went outside to do my business, Ray had me take a quick shower, and put on some makeup. He clipped a leash to my collar, and led me outside. I had seen the van he transported me in, while I cut the grass the day before, and that's where he took me. When he opened the door, he explained how I would ride. On the floor, near the center, was a thick spring, with a large dildo attached at the top. It didn't take a genius to figure out where that would go. There were eyebolts in the ceiling, and a pad had been thrown on each side of the spring-loaded dildo.
Leather cuffs were buckled around my ankles and wrists, and he helped me into the van. "Suck on the dildo and get it as wet as you can... Otherwise, it's going to hurt when it goes in your cunt." He instructed. I slobbered all over the dildo making sure it was very wet, then, I lowered myself on to it. My feet were pulled out in front of me and to the sides, which left me sitting on the phallus, and it went deep!
He lifted me up, and hooked my wrist cuffs to two of the eyebolts in the ceiling. Then, he took straps, ran them under my shoulders, and attached them to another pair of eyebolts, leaving me suspended in mid air. A pair of nipple clamps was attached to me, and he added two weights to each nipple. My leash was left to dangle between my breasts. Then he covered my head with the hood, without the gag or earplugs. This was going to be a very interesting ride.
Ray closed the door, and started the van, and we were on our way. Right away, I found out how rough the dirt road was, leading away from the farm. I was bounced and jostled all over the place. My nipples bounced, and the weights swung violently. I was sure Ray was hitting every bump, rock, and pothole in the road! The first orgasm I had to fight off came about fifteen minutes or so into the ride, and it was followed by several more, before I felt the road, even out and I stopped bouncing all over the place. It was a relief not to be fighting against my body.
We drove on the paved road for a long time. My nipples had stopped being yanked at by the clamps, and the dildo wasn't fucking me as it had been. My arms ached, and I was starting to cramp up, when the van slowed, and then stopped.
Ray climbed into the back, and pulled the hood off of me. When my eyes adjusted to the light, it appeared that we were at a roadside rest. He released my bonds, and helped me off of the dildo. "Do you need to relieve yourself?" He asked.
Thinking over my options, I didn't answer right away. Did he intend for me to go into the restroom naked... or did he intend for me to find a place in the grass, out in the open? I chose the safest option, "Your slave is fine, thank you Master for asking."
"OK. Well, from here on, you'll be riding upfront with me. We have a stop to make before we head to my place. The area we're going to is very populated, and I'm going to give you a choice. One; you ride there naked, without the nipple clamps, or two; the clamps stay on, and you are allowed clothing. It's your choice slave."
MY nipples really hurt, and I wanted the clamps off, but I also didn't want to ride naked. I was between a rock and a hard place. "Master, if it would please you, your slave would like to have the clamps off, thank you."
Fire erupted in my nipples when he took the clamps off, and as before, he gently rubbed them. I had to be helped into the front seat, due to the cramping in my legs, and it felt really good to be sitting on something soft. I was surprised to find that a wet spot formed on the seat under my ass, and I was still horny.
We pulled out of the rest stop and onto an interstate highway. There was no doubt, that more than one person saw my naked breasts. Some even honked their horns, and gave me thumbs up. Ray laughed when that happened. I wondered what they might be thinking of the leash and collar I wore. I hadn't been paying attention to road signs, until a big one got my attention... Greensboro 30 miles. We were a long way from our home in Wilmington!
Ray expertly navigated the city streets, until finally, pulling onto a small, secondary street, and then into an alley. The alley led straight to a building with an overhead garage door, and ray pulled up to it. He pushed a button on the intercom and said his name. In a few minutes, the door went up, and we drove in, with the door closing behind us.
He led me by my leash out of the garage area, and through a door, which led into what looked like a backroom of a store. There were boxes, and bags and loose packing material everywhere. We were greeted by a young woman, and I blushed deep red. She appeared to be early to mid twenties and quite attractive. She didn't seem put out by my nudity, or the fact that I wore a collar, and leash. Something told me I wasn't the first woman she had seen like this.
We followed her through another door that opened into a sex shop. Books, DVD's, toys, and clothing were some of the items I saw. The one thing I didn't see, which relieved me a great deal, was customers! Other than the young woman, and the man who seemed to own the place, we were the only ones present. The plate glass windows at the front of the store were mirrored, so outsiders couldn't just look in, as they walked by, or window-shopped.
"Good to see you again Ray. It's been awhile, hasn't it." the guy said.
"Oh, it hasn't been that long... just about four months, give or take. How's business?" Ray replied.
They made small talk, while I stood awkwardly trying to be inconspicuous. The young woman circled around me, as if she was appraising a new car she wanted to buy, and it made me uncomfortable. I learned the owners name was Tom. He looked to be in his mid forties, and had medium length black hair. He was a little short, and a bit overweight... stocky. His assistant was named Judy, and she had short red hair, green eyes, and small breasts. She was very thin, and about the same height as me.
"New slave, I see." Tom said.
"Yes, she's new. I've had her for about six or seven months now."
"She completely trained yet?" Tom asked.
"Not completely. I've been taking my time with this one. It wasn't easy getting her husband on board, and he's not all the way there yet." Ray said, "It's a work in progress."
"Well... I know why you're here, so let's get started, shall we." Tom said. "Judy, get our friend Ray a drink, and a bottle of water for his slut."
The first thing they did was take measurements of my body. They measured places that I had never had measured before, like, the circumference of my breasts both at the base, and the most fleshy part. The diameter of my nipples, and their length as well as the size of my areolas. The most embarrassing part was when my pussy was measured. Tom used a variety of dildos in it, beginning with what would be the size of an average cock, working up to something that I never thought I could accommodate. Then, they did the same with my ass... Judy recorded each measurement on a clipboard. It was all very humiliating and done in a clinical manor.
"What kind of toys are you thinking for this one Ray?"
"She has nice breasts, so I think some breast bondage gear would be a good place to start. Show me what you've got." Ray said.
Judy bent me over at the waist, and pulled my arms straight out in front of me, so my boobs hung down, like a cows udders. Tom placed a metal ring around the base of each breast, and squeezed them shut. They worked like handcuffs, and could be squeezed as tight or as loose as desired. Judy had me stand up, and model the rings for Ray. In a few minutes, I noticed my breasts begin to turn color.
"Now, these can also be locked together, if you purchase the upgrade. A small remote control activates the magnetic feature, and pulls them together... like this." Tom pushed a button on a small remote, and the two rings joined together. This pulled my breasts together, and held them in place. It had the same effect as one of those bras that enhance a woman's cleavage. Ray liked it, and bought them with the upgrade. Judy removed the rings and put them in a box.
"What've you got for nipples?" Ray asked.
"I think you'll like this," Tom replied, "It's something I invented myself. You can't get this anywhere but my shop. Judy, go and get the spring set."
Judy returned with a nicely made wooden box. Inside the box was an assortment of short, round springs, and a tool. Tom explained that the tool would open the springs, so they could be slid over an erect nipple. When the tool released the spring, it would hug the nipple, and keep it erect. There were different diameter springs with different lengths. The smaller the diameter, the tighter the grip Tom explained. The shorter springs, would leave a portion of the nipple tip exposed, and if a tight, short spring were used, the end of the nipple would be forced into a mushroom shape. The only way to remove the springs is with the tool.
"Those are great!" Ray said, "I'll take a set."
"Do you want to wait, or shall I send it to you... Each set is custom made to the woman's nipple size. Hey... There's an accessory set that you can get to go with them. Is that something that you'd be interested in?" Tom said.
"Sure. Let's have a look at it, and then I'll decide." Ray replied.
"Judy... Go get the accessory set, so our friend can see it."
Judy went into the backroom, and when she returned, she was carrying another box, and she was topless. Her pert little breasts stood proud and jiggled as she walked. Tom explained that the set they were looking at had been made specifically for Judy, so she could demonstrate them for customers. Her breasts were very perky, and I judged them to be slightly larger than an A-cup... maybe a small B at best.
Tom removed a chrome shaped disk from the box. The disk was slightly conical shaped, with a hole in the center. After pulling Judy's nipple through the hole, he attached one of the springs to it, holding the disk in place. Then he placed a chrome, acorn shaped cap over the nipple, and it magnetically clicked against the disk. The whole effect was that Judy now had chrome nipples. There were different shaped caps, and disks ranging from very pointy to flat and dull. The pointy caps made it look like spikes were projecting from her breasts instead of nipples.
Tom also showed us a set of cups that covered the breast completely in chrome. The large cups attached to the breast rings magnetically. One pair covered the breasts completely and another pair left the nipples exposed. Ray loved all of it, and Tom added the kit with all the accessories to the list.
"How long will it take for a set to be made?" Ray asked.
"Judy can start putting it together right now, so... about an hour." Tom said.
"Great... we'll wait."
Judy never removed the nipple covers, and went into the back room to begin assembling Ray's purchase. "How about some entertainment, while we wait?" Tom asked.
"Sure. I could go for that. What did you have in mind?" Ray asked.
"Normally, Judy would entertain us, but since she's busy, how about your slave?"
"Depends... What did you have in mind?"
"I've got a brand new Sybian... Wanna watch her ride it for an hour or so?"
"Go get it." Ray said.
I had no idea what a Sybian was. When Tom wheeled it out on a cart, I knew instantly what it was for! He handed me a tube of lube, and then said, "Mount up slut!" I didn't need the lube, because my pussy was still very wet.
Over the next hour, the two of them took turns playing with the remote, keeping me on edge for long periods of time, and then making me cum. When Judy returned with the nipple kit, I was exhausted. It seemed to me like it took her all day to get it ready! I don't know how many times I had climaxed on the machine, and I really hoped Ray would buy one for me!
The next items Ray looked at were butt plugs. I was a little alarmed by this, because I was relatively inexperienced when it came to anal sex. He finally settled on a set of six, which ranged from small to absolutely huge. I wasn't looking forward to the largest one going in my ass. I was surprised, when Ray took the smallest one, and announced to me that I would have it in me for the duration of the day. Then he asked Judy to "Do the honors" as he put it.
"Bend over and grab your ankles slut." She said sweetly.
I felt her fingers spread some lubricant on my puckered little hole, and then she slid a finger in me. "Her ass is pretty tight." she stated.
"Well... Don't let that stop you. Loosen it up and put the plug in." Tom laughed.
I felt her finger moving in and out of my ass, and it caused me to gasp. I sucked in my breath, when I felt a second finger poised at my opening. I inhaled deeply, when she pushed it all the way in with her first finger. When a third finger pushed against me, I began to shake anticipating its penetration.
"She just had a few orgasms on the Sybian... use her cunt juice if you need more lube." Tom told his assistant. Then that third finger, slipped into my wet pussy, before it plunged into my ass. The little witch started fucking my ass with her fingers, and working them around the inside. When she pulled her fingers out, I was almost disappointed. My ass wasn't empty for long though, as she pushed the small plug into me. I felt my sphincter ring close around the small part of the plug, and it popped firmly in place. Anyone who's ever seen a butt plug, will know what I'm talking about.
"How do you like it slave?" Ray asked me.
"It feels very... different." I said. "It doesn't hurt or anything Master. It just feels different."
Ray also purchased a corset for me. Judy laced it up, and tied it very tightly. She put her knee in the middle of my back and pulled the laces so tight I could hardly breathe! Where the cups should be for my breasts, there were just small half cups. They forced my breasts up and together, leaving my nipples exposed. Ray liked the look, and told me I'd wear it home.
"May I make a suggestion?" Judy asked.
"Of course." said Ray.
Judy walked over to a rack, and brought back a pair of nipple clamps with bells attached to them! "These are usually bought and used for pony play, but I think she'd look good with these on her."
"Great idea!" Ray said. "Since you thought of it, you can have the pleasure of applying them."
Judy began to pinch and pull my nipples. Now, both Ray and Bill had done this before, but neither of them had been as rough as she was. It really hurt, and I could see her smiling as I winced in pain. The little bitch was enjoying this! The little cunt took her time playing with my nipples, before she put the clamps on. Moreover, she wasn't very gentle about it. The pain was instant and intense. I hadn't noticed it, but these clamps were alligator clamps, and they bit viciously into my nipples.
"Walk across the room slave." Ray ordered.
I could feel the clamps biting with each step, but apparently, the bells weren't ringing enough. Judy slapped my ass hard, and I jumped. The bells rang then! The rotten little bitch took great pleasure chasing me around the room, slapping at my ass, and making the bells ring like Christmas morning! Everyone but me was laughing hysterically.
"You know, Ray, boots or heels would do wonders for her posture." Tom suggested.
"Show me what ya got." Ray said.
To be continued...