Disclaimer/note: Characters and setting are property of Team Ninja. This fictional story is based on Dead or Alive Xtreme 2. The story features lesbian relationships: and some days (i.e. chapters) also feature violence or offensive language. Please don't read it if you aren't old enough.
*****
-Morning of Day Twelve-
Hitomi's lips touched my forehead. One of my arms was already around he, so I put the other around her too. She giggled as I pulled her closer and brought our mouths together.
"Ohayou," I said after a minute or two of heavy kissing.
"G-guten morgen!" she answered when she could, taken aback by my ardor. "What's gotten into you so early?"
"I remembered what you said last night when that girl wanted to kiss you."
She looked embarrassed. "I know it wasn't the strict truth, but we are truly in love, ne?"
I tackled her and kissed her chest. "Damn straight we are!" My hands caressed her sleek hips and powerful thighs. She was soft and sweet-smelling and incredibly hot. Her eyes said she wanted me to make love to her.
"I wanted it to be a hundred percent true," she whispered, her body pushing up to meet mine. "You're right; we don't have all the answers and we don't need them. Could we start by leaving this island together?"
My vision blurred. "Do you even have to ask?" I responded. "Tell me where you're going and I'm going with you."
"Oh baby," she said quietly. She reached up and wiped my face. "Anywhere if I'm with you."
"Careful," I said, laughing as a few more tears escaped my eyes. "Keep being that romantic and neither of us will ever leave this bed."
She blinked back her own tears. "For a genius and a lethal fighter, you sure are a softie."
We kissed again: sharing our breath, sharing our spirits. Hitomi's kisses are always great, but she was astonishing this morning. She tasted me, teased me, fulfilled me. Her skilled tongue made my heart skip a beat, but her full, silky lips soothed me and kept me from losing my mind.
We stopped for a moment.
"Are you up for some alternate exercise?" Hitomi asked, her cheeks flushing.
"What specifically?" I said.
Her smile was innocent, but carnal desire showed on her face. "Use your strap-on."
I almost had an orgasm, hearing her say those three words. It was going to be a long, sweaty, tiring, wonderful morning.
After a minute of getting ready, I lay on my back. She got on her knees, straddled me, and slowly took my rubber cock inside her. I squeezed her tits and she started riding me, purring. It would be a real workout, for both of us.
It was close to 1100 when we'd had enough sexual bliss. We were side-by-side, holding hands, watching each other. Hitomi twirled some strands of my hair around her fingers. "How about Hong Kong first?" she said.
"Is that fair to you?" I asked.
"Sure. English is pretty much the common language and we both speak it well. Plus it's warm, and I like that."
"So do I, if it means I can keep seeing you in swimsuits every day."
She whapped me with a pillow. "You just think you can say anything and get away with it, don't you?"
I tickled her ribs and she squirmed and laughed. "Yeah," I said, "because for a karate master, you sure are a softie."
"And you're a smartass." She leaned close and we kissed.
"What are we going to do today?" I asked after one of the best kisses of my life.
"Let's each do our own thing until afternoon. Tina said there was a place to ride a bike not far from Private Beach. I want to check that out."
"Okay; we'll meet about 1400 at the pool?"
"Sounds good."
I remembered a key fact. "You'd better check your presents; I'm pretty sure you got a new swimsuit yesterday."
Naked, she got out of bed. I leaned back and enjoyed the sight. She stretched her arms above her head. She turned to look at me. "Oh, you like this view?" she teased, noticing my wide smile.
"More than any other," I told her. "Let's shower, ne?"
"As soon as I see my swimsuit." She licked her finger and touched her ass, acting both funny and sexy as she made a sizzling sound. She left the bedroom.
I rose, stretched, and looked in my closet. I'd said I would do it, so why not today? I took out "Astarte" and hung it next to my towel in the bathroom.
Wait-hadn't I also received a bathing suit last night? I checked my closet. Sure enough: a suit from Lisa. I put away "Astarte" and took the unknown suit with me instead.
Hitomi joined me. "I'll show you before we leave," she promised.
"I will too," I said, "because I got one from Lisa."
Once we'd gotten clean (and kept the horseplay to a minimum) we split up so we could show each other the new suits.
On a count of three, we reentered the suite's main room and stood admiring each other. "What's the suit's name?" I asked.
"'Meglez'; that was on the tag. How about yours?"
"It's 'Fortune'. Obviously, you like it."
"You like mine, and it's just as obvious." Yhe brunette gave me a wink.
I stepped nearer to her. "In that case, it won't hurt if I make it just a bit more obvious." I pulled her to me and squeezed her tightly. As always, the skin-to-skin contact-interrupted by very little cloth-was marvelous.
We left the suite. Since she was trying to find the rumored biking venue, I was on my own. I kind of wandered toward Bass Island. My heart thumped, remembering what had happened here mere hours ago.
There was a tiny lagoon I'd noticed during races as I'd sped past it; now there was time to investigate it. A small sailboat lay at anchor. Surprised, I waded out to it.
The wood felt comfortable under my feet. I was surrounded with blue and green and the echoing conversation of songbirds. The jungle had enveloped this inlet. There was no beach here, just a tree-lined corridor of clear water. The whole experience was surreal but restful; it was how I'd imagine living inside an emerald would feel.
Time passed quickly while I stretched out, feeling the warmth of the sun's filtered light bathing my body.
I eventually felt pangs of appetite. I reluctantly left the sanctuary and had some cheese ramen and oolong tea by the pool. While I ate, I also got to watch Helena versus Christie in Butt Battle, which was quite entertaining.
Hitomi and I rejoined each other, went to the dock, and raced Kokoro and Kasumi. The course was one I'd run before, so I had a very good time doing stunts and cutting off my fellow racers. I took first place; that was encouraging, since I hadn't had a win on the jet skis in a while.
After the race, the four of us agreed to meet at the restaurant in Gemstone. The Japanese ladies were pretty talkative today and more coquettish than usual; the light meal was delicious and the company was charming. We had fun discussing our achievements and favorite activities and the things we still wanted to do. We even discussed the genuine Dead or Alive tournaments, and whether the next one would be winnable.
"I've got faith in my abilities," Kokoro let slip, "and Helena has taught me a few of her moves..."
I saw Hitomi suddenly blush and turn slightly, covering her mouth with her hand. I told myself to remember to ask her about that later. The conversation was still flowing, so I returned my attention to what my companions were saying. "...maybe to Hokkaido, or even to Sakhalin; I haven't seen snow in a long time," Kasumi was telling us.
"Sounds like fun," Hitomi said. "It's a good idea. I'm afraid my skiing skills are getting rusty."
I chose to speak then. "I've never skied downhill, just cross-country. Would you teach me, Hitomi-chan?"
She said, "I'll probably laugh at you, but I'll definitely do that for you. And I promise to be gentle."
"Arigatou," I said.
"That exchange was predictable," said Kasumi with a sly grin.
"We've proven something here," I said, pretending not to have heard her. "Even a tropical island with a staff to cater to your every whim can't complete your life. Living fully means travel, for nearly everyone."
"It also doesn't hurt to have someone to travel with," said Kokoro.
"Someone special," Hitomi added.
Kokoro and Kasumi excused themselves from us after a little small talk. Hitomi and I decided to go back to my suite. On the way, we ran into Tina and Lisa. They were headed for a late supper, so we just greeted them and kept going.
There were a couple of presents waiting for us and a few we had to send. The important thing was that Hitomi received her Secret Ticket.
Why waste time? We took off for the casino.
We displayed our tickets and the attendant at the door asked us if we wanted to use them right away. We said yes. She directed us to the partition separating the poker lounge from the slot machine hall. There were red and blue curtains. Behind the red curtains, there was an unmarked grey steel door. We were to slip our cards through the vertical slot on the left side and we would gain access to the stage area.
I could feel anticipation building in spite of my practical nature. Hitomi squeezed my hand and I gave her my ticket. She slipped them both into the slot, one after the other. It turned out that the door was set up like a turnstile. We came through and into a room we recognized at once as the one Christie had danced in.
There was a fog machine, polished tiles on the floors, and the stage with the pole, lit by footlights and psyche lights. We didn't see anyone else. However, there was a polite automated voice. "Please, sit, Hitomi-san. Leifang-san, please use the stage."
Our eyes widened. I was supposed to be the entertainment?
"Go on," Hitomi urged. Her voice betrayed her excitement at the prospect of me dancing for her. Well, I don't like to disappoint.
As always, I'm a fast learner and I put my all into what I'm doing. I wanted to be every bit as sexy as Christie had been. It sounds weird, but I kind of approached the performance like a competition.
And I felt sexy! My beautiful girlfriend watched me, sometimes seeming like she was worshipping me, other times like she wanted to devour me. I caressed the pole and swayed and strutted and enjoyed the growing lust in Hitomi's wonderful blue eyes. I moved with the music until it faded.
"Please sit, Liefang-san. Hitomi-san, please use the stage," the speaker said.
I took the seat Hitomi had left, feeling proud of my conditioning. I hadn't even broken a sweat.
I turned my eyes to the stage. Hitomi stood in the center, fixing me with her challenging stare. The music started and the German girl burst into motion.
Her performance was hot. She kept her blazing eyes on me the whole time. Her skin gleamed alternately ivory and bronze in the changing colored lights. Her moves were swift, powerful, and graceful. She shimmied and pirouetted and I fought the growing desire to jump back up to the stage and claim her. She's making love to me visually, I realized. I was very much enjoying it.
The song ended. She stood and I sat, gazing our passion at each other. I know now that it's impossible for two people to have sex through eye contact alone or we would have done it.
I beckoned to her. She descended the steps and came to me. We met more-or-less in the middle of the room. I couldn't stop myself. While we kissed, I undid her knots and divested her of "Meglez." With the way we were making out, I doubt she noticed.
We found ourselves on the cool floor. I captured one of Hitomi's nipples between my lips. My fingers entered her an instant later. At the same time, I was surprised to realize that Hitomi was pushing two or three of her fingers inside me. My libido took over. My hips, hands, and tongue began to thrust in an increasingly swift rhythm.
We heard the door's lock mechanism!
My instinct was to hide, of course, and I'm sure Hitomi's was too. I recognized immediately that there was no chance. I dropped and shifted, sacrificing my modesty to protect Hitomi's.
To say Helena was shocked to see us would be accurate. "Ah! Excusez-moi!" She averted her eyes and turned to leave through the door she'd just entered.
"Non, ne partez pas," I said quickly. "The door might not let you in again. We'll be out of here in a second."
It was awkward, but it really wasn't that bad a situation. Hitomi and I dressed hurriedly. Helena waited patiently, acting like we weren't there. With everyone's dignity mostly intact, Hitomi gave me a look. I nodded. "Finished," she said, "and we're sorry for the inconvenience."
"No need to apologize," the French lady said coolly.
How could I help it? I tried and failed to stifle my snickering. Helena couldn't keep a straight face then and began laughing too and Hitomi started to giggle. "All right, see you, Helena," I said. "Have fun."
Hitomi and I left the casino, and a fresh round of laughter ensued. "Did you see her face?" Hitomi asked.
"It's not like everyone didn't know we were together. Now she has a better idea of how physical we get."
"Speaking of getting physical, let's get our asses back to your place. You've got to finish me, now that you got me started."
I tweaked one of her nipples and ran. She shrieked and chased me. We reached my room and closed the door a minute later. "You meanie!" Hitomi accused.
"I'll kiss it and make it better," I told her, already untying her swimsuit top.
"Let's take our time tonight, lover," she whispered.
That's exactly what we did.
-End of Day Twelve-
*****
End note: Please keep giving me feedback; it means a lot to me! Thanks to all of you who have voted, faved, commented, and sent PMs!