The next morning, as soon as I walked into the kitchen, Mom asked me how the previous days video - the one that she tit fucked me to explosion - had been received. Part of her hoped the first video was a fluke and this second video would flop. But another part of her - the part that controlled her womanly wants and needs - hoped it was a smash hit like the first. I pulled out my phone and pulled up the app.
"Jesus Christ, Mom! You're up to almost $10,000! Your videos are trending! You're a fucking rock star!"
She blushed at the thought. "Really?"
"Yeah! And look at these comments!"
"Lemme see!" We crowded around the phone.
"Fuck that bitch already, Mario!"
"Great rack, Suzie! They should be covered in cum more often!"
"Come on, Mom, give it up already! Let your son fuck that shit!"
"Boner in hand! Can't wait for the next episode!"
"Oh my!" Her hand went to her mouth. "They don't seem to be very interested in the exercises, do they?"
"Ummmmm," I scrolled through the comments. "Here you go."
"Sex with my husband has never been better! Thanks, Suzie!"
"I feel like a sexy woman again! Thank you, Suzie!"
"Your son is super hot! You're a lucky woman to have him!"
"See?"
"Wow! I guess I - we - are making a difference!" She paused. "So, um, do you...do you want to make another video today?"
"Hell, yeah!"
"Looking through those comments makes me think people seem to want to see more of you. You're very photogenic."And hung like a horse!"I have a thought. Do you...do you have a friend who would, you know, want to come over and work the camera so you could have more screen time?"
Are you kidding?! Who wouldn't want to watch that up close in person?!"Yeah, I can probably find somebody."
"Do you think they could come today? They'd have to be discreet!"
"I know just the guy."
A couple of hours later, my buddy Donnie showed up. Donnie is tall and a little pudgy. The girls think he's "cute" and constantly friend-zone him. He's super nice and super smart. He's one of those guys you already know by third grade will be going to MIT or something. He's just an all-around good dude. He arrived wearing basketball shorts and a sleeveless t-shirt just as I had asked. I took him into the living room, showed him the set up, and told him what was expected of him.
"Now, listen, dude," I started. "What you're going to see here is going to shock you, okay? Whatever you see here stays here, got it? Think of this room as Vegas. What happens here, stays here. Got it?"
He nodded and gave a thumbs up. "Got it. Uh, what exactly is going to shock me? There's not going to be any snakes involved or anything, right? I hate snakes!"
Just the one in my pants!"No, no snakes involved, I promise. I'm serious, dude. This is going to surprise you, okay? Just be cool about it, okay?"
He nodded again. "Got it."
"Oh! Here. Put this on." I handed him one of my masks. "As long as you're in this room, it stays on. Don't take this off. Got it?"
"What the..." He slipped it over his head and rolled his eyes. "Okay. Whatever. I'm going to be shocked. Blah blah blah. Got it."
I slipped my mask on. "Okay, Mom! We're ready when you are!"
"Coming!"
I leaned into Donnie. "Get ready. Remember, be cool."
There was no "be cool" when Mom rounded the corner. Donnie's jaw dropped when he saw her curvaceous figure. His eyes were wide as saucers at the site of her ample breasts squeezed into a lacy white bra. She also wore a matching g-string and thigh-high stockings tucked into a pair of high heels that accentuated her long lean legs. The contrast between the white lingerie and her smooth, tan skin was glaring.
She fought back a laugh at the stunned look on his face. "Donnie! I'm so glad you could make it!" She tried to hide her nervousness. It was obvious to me but I'm sure Donnie didn't notice. She leaned in and kissed him on the cheek. The skin of her breasts felt hot against his skin as it pressed against his arm. "Thank you for coming."
"Uh...uh...(gulp) Yeah. Uh, sure. No problem."
"Remember. Not a word about this to anyone, right?" She held a finger to her ruby red lips.
"Got it. Scout's honor."
She look at me. "Okay, Mark. Ready?"Judging by the bulge in his shorts, I'd say so!
"Ready!"
She grabbed my hand and pulled me in front of the camera at her side.
"Ready, Donnie?" she asked.
"Huh? Oh! Uh..." He checked the camera. "Ok, ready."
"Oh! Before we start, what's your middle name, Sweetie?"
"Uh, James."
"Okay, good. Today, when I refer to you, you're Jimmy. Okay?"
"Jimmy? Um, yeah, sure. Ok." He didn't care. We could've call him Dipshit Clown all day if we wanted as long he got to be a witness to this.
She looked at me. "Well? Are you ready?"
"Ready when you are, Mom."
She took a deep breath and smiled into the camera. Jimmy did a count down.
"3...2..."
"Hey, gang! Welcome to another episode of Sexercise with Suzie! I'm Suzie, and we'll be working on getting those muscles ready so we can improve our sex lives and really liven things up in the bedroom. By popular demand, my handsome son, Mar...Mario! - will be joining me today. Behind the camera we have a new member of the cast, Don..., er, Jimmy. Jimmy, say hello."
From behind the camera, Donnie stuttered, "Huh? Oh! Right. Uh, yeah, uh, hello, every...everybody."
"Today we're going to do something a little different. To those of you out there who want to do as we do while we do it, if your partner isn't there, you might want to grab your 'little helper'. Whatever gets you through those long, lonely nights, be it a dildo, a vibrator, whatever. While you're getting ready, let's talk a little about what we're going to do here today. So far we've concentrated on building up those key muscles to a great sex life. However, not only do you want to have toned muscles, but you also need to have control over your muscles. Meaning, sometimes you'll want to just relax those muscles to get the most out of your time in the bedroom. Today we're going to try to show you how to gain control of those muscles. So let's start with some relaxing breathing. Slowly breath in while you raise your arms..."
From there, Mom and I looked like were moving in a mirror. She would do her breathing and stretching exercises, then I would mimic her. After a few minutes, she finally stopped and stood up straight. She stared into the camera and paused.
Here goes nothing!"Now, let's get comfortable." She turned to me. "Mario, will you please take off your shirt?" She turned back to the camera and reached behind her back. "And let's get this bra off."
I tossed my shirt to the side. Mom's bra slid down her arms into her hands and, after a slight moment, fell to the ground.
Donnie's jaw dropped. "Whoooaaaaaaa."
"She's got a great fuckin' rack, doesn't she guys?" I asked with a wide smile.
Suzie blushed and giggled. "Oh! He he Gee, thanks, Honey," she replied as she softly cupped and caressed her globes. Then her arms slid down her sides. Her fingers slipped under the slight strands of material of the g-string. "And I'm going to go ahead and get this off." She sexily shimmied the tiny triangle down her legs to her heels, then stepped out of them. Donnie's heart stopped. He couldn't breathe. "There, that's better," she said trying to convince herself.
"Damn, Mom! You shaved, huh?"
"Huh? Oh!" Her face turned an even deeper shade of red. Her body went hot. Her lips clearly glistened in the light. She ran her hand over her exposed gash and across the strip of hair above it. "Yes, I trimmed it up a bit." Her head twisted from myself to Donnie and back again. "I believe they call this a 'landing strip' don't they?" I nodded. Donnie was frozen. "I like the way sex feels when I'm shaved like this. And I think the strip gives it a bit of character, don't you think? Oh!" she squeaked when I reached across and ran my finger up her slick slit and across her already raised knot.
She bit her lip and tried not to moan as I continued to pet her pussy while I turned to the camera. "Oh, hell yeah. I love the feeling of a shaved cunt when I'm fucking. So, guys, what do you think? Full bush? Trimmed bush? Clean shaven? Or something like Mom's, with some kind of accent?" Mom sighed when I pulled my hand away, then yipped when I palmed a mound and tweaked a thick, erect nipple.
"(ahem) Yes, we'd, uh, we'd love to (ahem) hear from you out there. We read every comment you leave!"
I nodded. "That's right, we really do. We take our queues from you."
"Speaking of which..." Mom twisted out of my grip and fell to her knees. I jerked when her hand landed on the massive bulge in my shorts. She ran her hand along the length of it and said to the camera, "We've had several requests to see more of this." She looked up at me with a crooked grin. "Do you mind?"
I smiled and shook my head. "Not at all. Knock yourself out."
She grabbed the waistband of my shorts and began to slowly pull them down. The purple tip appeared. Inch by inch, more and more of my vein was exposed. Then, suddenly, it jumped out like it was spring loaded. I jerked and grunted when she wrapped her long, thin fingers around it, which they could barely do. She began to stroke it when she turned to the camera. She smiled and choked back a chuckle when she saw Donnie's face. His mouth was wide open and his eyebrows were in his hairline.
She stared into the camera with a wicked glint in her eye. "He's got a beautiful cock, doesn't he ladies?" She turned back to me, in profile to the viewing audience. "Quite delicious looking, actually," she cooed. Her tongue flicked at the tip. She turned back to the camera. "I wish we had smell-o-vision. His scent is quite intoxicating."
She pointed my rod skyward and dove in. My body shivered when her tongue landed in the crease between my nutsack and my pole. She ran it up the underside, swirled around the tip, then dove back in and repeated the process.
She turned back to the camera. "Now, let's get warmed up."
"Fuuuuuuuuck," I moaned when her lips wrapped around my wood for the first time.
"Ho-ly shit," Donnie groaned in disbelief from behind the camera.
I looked down and watched the top of her head glide to and fro. Her hand followed her lips as she moved back and forth, barely taking in half my length. I smacked against the back of her mouth with each glide forward.
I looked into the camera. "Trust me, it feels as good as it looks. How does it look, Don...er, Jimmy?"
"It looks fucking amazing."
"I can guarantee this isn't the first cock she's sucked. Is it, Mom?"
She shook her head around my staff. "MmmmmMmmmmm."
"You love sucking cock don't you, Mom?"
She nodded. "MmmmmmHmmmmm."
After a few more bobs, Mom pulled off of my rod. She turned to the camera, ran her forearm across her chin, and smiled.
"It's as delicious as it looks," she cooed as she began to stroke me again. "Now let's take that blow job to the next level. This is where taking control of those muscles comes into play. I think it's safe to say that every man, big or small, wants to be deep throated." She looked at Donnie and myself. "Am I safe in saying that, boys? Jimmy, don't you want to be deep throated?"
"Uh, well, uh, yeah, sure," he stammered.
"Mar...Mario?"
"Hell yeah I do!"
"I thought so," she chuckled. "The biggest thing we have to fight is that darned gag reflex. Believe it or not, the throat is not intended to be a cock sleeve." Everyone in the room laughed. "If you can swallow him on the first try, you're probably in the wrong profession," she said with a wink. "Practice, practice, practice. I've been practicing with my own dildo for a while." Mine and Donnie's jaws dropped.She's been planning this!Still stroking my meat, she continued. "My son is blessed with a huge cock. I'd be willing to bet your partner doesn't have one that matches this. I've seen my fair share of cocks. This one puts the others to shame.""Seen my fair share of cocks"?! What the fuck?!"The angle of entry helps. You want to get your mouth and throat in as straight of a line as possible, at least to begin with. The best position is to lie flat on the bed with your head hanging off of the edge. But your partner might get carried away. On your knees, such as I am, try looking at the ceiling. So, let's give this monster a try."
She pointed her face skyward and moved in. Her eyes sparkled in the sunlight coming through the blinds. She winked and gave me a crooked smile. I watched her lips wrap around my tool. Her hands went to my thighs and she slowly moved forward. I hit the back of her mouth. She pushed forward bringing a slight gag. She repeated the process a few times, with no luck. She pulled away and swiped her chin.
"Don't be ashamed if you don't get it on the first try. Try humming. That lifts your soft palate, where the gag reflex lives."
She moved in again, this time lightly humming. Lighter gags with a few more bobs.
Then my head snapped back when my balls bounced off her chin. "Gahfuck!" She'd done it! She swallowed the whole fucking thing!
"Ho-ly shit," Donnie moaned again.
She pulled back again, this time with a wide smile and taking deep breaths. A string of saliva dripped off her chin.
"Okay, one very important thing: breathe! Don't forget to breathe! Take him nice and slow at first. I inhale when he slides out. You might try the opposite, inhale as he's going in, exhale when he's going out. You can speed up as you get better. Once you've figured it out, your partner will love it and you'll get such a feeling of accomplishment and joy! Now, where was I?"
"Uhgah!" I croaked when she swallowed me again.
Donnie could see it with his naked eye. He peered through the viewfinder of the camera and zoomed in so the viewing audience had a better view. He wanted to make sure they could see Mom's throat distort to fit the shape of my wood with each dive into it.
"That's un-fucking-believable," he muttered to himself before zooming the camera's view back to full.
After a few more dives, she pulled back again and looked back at the camera with a devilish smile. But she wasn't looking at the camera. She was looking past the camera. She saw the bulge in Donnie's shorts.
"How about it, Jimmy? Would you like me to deep throat you?" she whirred.
I think I saw Donnie have a small heart attack. He froze. "Wha-wha-what? You...you mean me?"
Mom smiled. "Yes, I mean you, Sweetie. Come over here next to me."
After a slight pause, Donnie jumped from behind the camera and scooted quickly to where we were, as if he needed to get over there before Mom changed her mind. Without hesitation, his shorts were down around his ankles, revealing a stiff, bouncing, completely average appendage. He visibly shuddered when Mom placed him in her hand.
"Mmmmmm, that's a very nice cock you have there, Jimmy," she purred as she stroked him. "Did I make you all hard like that?"
"Well, uh, yeah, I guess."
"You guess?"
"No! I mean, yeah. I mean, it...it...it's all so totally hot."
"Mmmmm. Then you'll really like this."
His body went stiff as a board when she swallowed him whole on the first dive.
"Ohmagawd!" he howled.
She sucked and slurped on him while she stroked me.
"She's a great little cocksucker, isn't she, buddy?"
His eyes were rolled into the back of his head. "Ohmagawd," was all he could manage.
Shit! He's throbbing in my throat already!
Donnie grunted when he fell out of her mouth. She turned to the camera while she stroked the two of us. Her chin was shiny. Saliva covered the top of her mounds.
"You need to be very clear with your partner. Do you want to suck him to finish? Do you want him to finish in your throat? We don't want any surprises when your throat is filled with cock. Now, if you're anything like me, I'm soaked. All of this sucking and stroking has me sopping wet and wanting some attention of my own. Plus, there's another muscle we need to learn to control for the enjoyment of yourself and your partner." She released the two of us from her grip. "Mario, why don't you come over here and lay down on the matt, okay?" I did as requested, laying profile to the camera, with my mast high and straight. "Okay, that's good. Very good. My God, that thing is huge! Okay, Don...Jimmy, you stay right here."
She turned and crawled over me, then sat up straight. I could feel the heat of her aching snatch hovering over my pole.
There's no going back after this,she thought to herself.Tit fucking and deep throating is one thing. But this? Once you've allowed him to fuck you, there's no going back after that.She grabbed me and held me steady.
Holy shit! Is she going to let me fuck her?!
She turned to the camera. "I mentioned we read your comments. We take them to heart. We've had many, many requests for this particular sexercise, so here we go."
She hesitated, bit her bottom lip then slowly lowered herself. She gave a slight gasp when her swollen lips first touched me.
"You weren't kidding, Mom. You're fucking soaked!"
"What can I say? Having these manly cocks so near gets me excited."
A squeak followed when my bulbous head parted them. Both of our heads titled back and we groaned in sync while she slid down my post until she landed in my lap.
"Oh my fucking God," she groaned.
"Jesus Christ, Mom! That's one tight cunt!"
"That's because you're so fucking huge!" She turned to the camera. "Give me one second, folks. I need to catch my breath. It feels like he 's hitting my rib cage! Oh!" she squealed when I grabbed to handfuls of fleshy globes.
She finally took a deep breath. "Whew! Okay. Wow." She began to fall towards me while still looking into the camera. "Now let's talk about another muscle. Let's talk about something that's taboo." Her chest landed against mine, her fun bags cushioning the landing. "Anal sex." My jaw dropped. I looked over her shoulder. Donnie's jaw was agape as well. "I have six words for you at home: practice, practice, and practice and lube, lube, lube." She began to slowly rise and fall on my sword. "I say practice. There are anal sex kits out there. They start with a small insert and allow you to work up to a larger one. Oh! Mmmmmm," she whirred when I sucked an erect nipple between my lips. "And lube that hole up! There are any number of lotions and gels made just for the occasion." She began to giggle. "Now me, right now, I don't need any additional lubrication. I've been thinking about this all day. I'm soaked! My juices have me plenty slicked up." She looked over her shoulder. "Jimmy, why don't you come over here?"
Donnie and I had the same thought.Holy shit!Donnie stepped behind her.
"Okay, Sweetie, I want you to stuff my ass with that big, beautiful cock of yours."
Donnie had another mini stroke. "Oh-oh-okay," he stuttered. He held himself steady and began to move in.Don't cum! Holy shit, don't cum! Hold it back! Don't cum!
Mom looked into the camera. "Now, control that muscle! Breathe. Relax. Think about how incredible this is going to be for you and your partner." She closed her eyes and took a deep breath, then turned her head. "Now, give it to me, Jimmy. Stick that big, fat cock in my ass."
Donnie moved in. Her backdoor fluttered at his touch. He leaned in. She took a deep breath. Her gate swung open.
"Fuck!" she barked when he landed balls deep.
"Hoooooo-lyyyyyyy shiiiiit," Donnie groaned.
She turned to the camera and chuckled. "Hopefully your partner doesn't fall in balls deep on the first thrust, especially if you're new at anal sex."
"S-s-sorry, Mrs. A."
Mine and Mom's hearts stopped for a moment.Shit! He called me what all of Mark's friends call me! Maybe nobody noticed.
She nervously laughed. "It's okay, Sweetie." Her head twisted between Donnie and I. "I want you two boys to fuck me good and hard, okay? Will you fuck me good and hard with your big, fat cocks? Huh?"
"Uh-uh-uh, okay."
"Hell yeah I will!"
Donnie and I both drilled her at the same time.
"OHmagawd!" she yiped. "Mmmmmm, yesssss," she purred as we began to pump. She looked back to the camera. "Okay. So. Mmmmmm. We...we can do this...a couple...of ways." Her head bowed. "Ohmagawd, this feels so good," she panted, then turned back to the camera. "So, in this position, I can lay on my partner and rock back and forth and let the boys do all the work. Or...whew! Or we can work on...on our...mmmmmm...arms and shoulders." She lifted into her forearms. "I can push back into each of their thrusts," which she began to do. "Oh my God, this feels incredible," she whirred. She looked at Donnie and I with a devilish expression. "Now I want you to fuck me, boys. Come on. Give it to me. Give it to me good! Yes! That's it!"
The room quickly filled with the sound of skin slapping skin. The scent of sex and sweat hung thick in the air.
"Holy shit, Mrs. A! Your ass is so tight!"
"It won't be when you're done! Ohmagawd!"
"I'm gonna wreck your fuckin' cunt, Mom! Dad won't even recognize it!"
"Yes! Wreck it! Wreck it with that huge cock! Your...your father doesn't...doesn't even use it any...any...more!"
"Good! Your cunt is all mine! Hear that? Your cunt is all mine, Mom!"
"Yes! Yes! It's all yours! Ohmagawd, yes!"
Donnie and I could feel her muscles begin to twitch around our poles.
"You're such a fucking slut, Mom! She's a fucking slut, isn't she D...D...Jimmy?!"
"Oh yeah! A...a...a slut with one tight ass! Holy shit!"
"Yes! Yes! I'm a slut! Ohmagawd, yes!"
"You're about to cum, aren't you, Mom?"
"Yes! Yes! Don't...don't stop! Ohmagawd, don't stop!"
"Fuckin' slutty little cunt! You're going to cum while your son and his friend fuck you while people watch! Slutty fuckin' cunt!"
"Ohmagawd, yes! I...I...I'm going to...cum! You're fucking me so good! Ohmagawd!" She felt a pair of heat seeking missiles flying up her thighs.
"Come on, Mom! Cum on our cocks while everybody watches!"
"Yes! Yes! Don't stop! Ohmagawd, yes! Cumming! Cumming! Aaaaaiiiiiiyyyyyeeeeee!"
The rockets hit their target and exploded in a fiery explosion. Her body began to violently tremble while her howls echoed off the walls. Her pleasure and pain holes clamped down on their orbital inserts.
"Oh God!" Donnie exclaimed in near panic. "Her ass is squeezing me so hard! I...I think she's going to...break it!"
"Holy crap!" I shouted. "Her cunt is clamping down on me like a vise grip! Fuck!"
"I...I think I...I'm gonna...cum!"
"Fuck! Me, too!"
Mom felt the two cocks throbbing hard inside her.
"Wait! Wait! Not inside!" She lurched forward causing the veiny poles to fall out of her. She quickly spun around to face the camera from her knees and cupped her breasts. "I want you cum on my tits. Cover my tits with your hot, thick...oh!"
Donnie couldn't control himself. Before she could finish, a stream shot out of him and crashed into her cheek and spread across the side of her face. Another surge emerged, hitting her chin and going down her throat.
"Oh yeah! I'm gonna cum on your tits! Want me to come on your tits, Mom? Huh?"
"Ooooo yeah, I'd like that," she whirred. "Come on, baby, I want to see you cum. I want to see you cum all over Mommy's titties. Come on, baby. I want you to cover Mommy's tits with your thick, hot cum," she said in a deep, husky voice.
My body stiffened. "Oh fuck!" I barked.
A white rope shot out of my hose and smashed into her sternum and splashed across the top of her massive mounds. A second and third stream rainbowed up and covered the tops of her fleshy mounds.
"Ooooo, yeah, baby! That's it!"
My body jerked while I tugged on my pole and coaxed several more spurts to fall across her breasts. She finally grabbed Donnie and I by our handles and pulled us close. Donnie grunted when she took him into her mouth, followed by my own croak when she did the same to me.
Finally, once she was convinced she had sucked every bit of goodie from our bodies, she released us and looked into the camera while spunk fell off her erect nipples onto her thighs and floor.
She ran her fingers across her chest and scooped their contents between her lips. "Mmmmmmm," she whirred. "So, as I said, practice, practice, and practice and lube, lube, lube. Before you know it, that initial pain - if there is any - will quickly turn into a pleasure unlike you've ever known, for both you and your partner. She scooped another fingerful of the milky white substance off her chest and tucked it into her mouth. "Yummy," she whispered after she licked her lips. She paused. "I hope you enjoyed today's session. Make sure you come back and we'll show you how to cum more, better, and harder when you Sexercise with Suzie!" She took another swipe at her chest, swallowed it, and winked. "Until then, here's hoping you're having great sex!" Donnie stood there frozen. She looked up at him with a smile. "Okay, Sweetie, you can turn the camera off now."
"Huh? Oh! Right!" He ran back to the camera and pressed the button. The viewing audience would have to wait for the next show.
"So? How do you think it went?" she asked sincerely as she removed her mask.
"Awesome! Another awesome episode, Mom! I mean, you're covered in cum. How bad could it have been?!" I laughed.
"Donnie, what did you think?"
"Oh! Wow. I mean, amazing. It was amazing. You're amazing, Mrs. A!"
"Gee, thanks, Donnie," she said as she lifted herself onto her feet. "I'm glad you enjoyed it." She slipped another fingerful of goop between her lips. "Well, I guess I should go take a shower. You boys made quite a mess of me!" As she passed Donnie, she stopped. "I'm glad you could cum...er, I mean...well, you know what I mean," she giggled. "I'm glad you could make it today." She kissed him on the cheek.
"Me, too! Thanks, uh, thanks for inviting me over. Thank you...for everything!"
"Remember, discretion. Not a word of this leaves this house, Okay, Sweety?"
"My lips are sealed!"
"Okay. Maybe we'll do this again."
He watched her ass jiggle as she walked away, then turned back to me. "Wow. That...that was amazing! I...I can't believe it!"
I chuckled. "I know, right? Who'd have thought?"
"I know, right?!"
"Alright, dude. I need to get this edited and on the web. You should probably get outta here. Remember, not a word."
"Got it. Not a word." When we got to the door, he stopped. "Thanks, again, man. That...that was amazing!"
"Okay. Thanks, dude." I closed the door and smiled.That was amazing. We're gonna be fucking rich!