"What do you assholes want?"
Travis Herbert stood in his front door as his Mother watched from her flower bed as Angus Furlong and two of his jock buddies stood outside looking at him. If he could hear all three boys thoughts he would know it was his Mother's asshole they wanted. In her heart she knew it too, but her submissiveness kept her quiet. She truly hoped that the boys coming to their home was a sincere gesture for her son's sake. Deep down she knew they were not there for him.
"Hey Travis." Angus took the lead, "We just wanted to stop by and say we're sorry for what those pricks did to you earlier. Trust me buddy we'll deal out justice for you once we find out who did it. Any clue who it might have been?"
"I had three pairs of underwear over my fucking head. How am I supposed to know who did it?" He grew angry, "Nobody spoke they just hijacked me and tied me up."
"Calm yourself Travis." Kelly Herbert spoke softly from her kneeling perch with her pruning snips in hand to attend to weeds and browning pedals. After a lengthy day of spreading mulch around her flower beds to prevent damages to her passion for floral beauty, she was almost ready to pack it in for the day and make Travis dinner. Having had to take a long break around lunch to go to school and pick up her distraught son she was finally back outside to finish what she started. Between Travis and a heartfelt talk with Henry McKellen she was behind schedule.
"No! We get it Mrs. Herbert." Toby chimed in looking at her nipples cresting beneath her cut off tee. It was impossible not to notice, she was notorious for having constant nipple ripple. "He's butt hurt and we can't blame him. Love your flower bed. My mom has a huge flower garden." Kelly merely smiled at his mother's shared hobby. "I used to help her plant flowers and trees around our house, my grandparents too. I even did the Park District thing part-time last summer and got the nickname Petal Pusher."
"That's adorable." She attempted to get along.
"Ehhh? For a stud like me that's kind of pansy." He chuckled.
"Ain't that a flower?" Antoine grinned, "PANSY!"
"I'll give you pansy! I'll depansy your ass."
"DUDES! Really? You're talking about depantsing after Trav here just got depantsed? Show some sympathy. Sorry Trav...Mrs. Herbert." Angus apologized with his palms up facing Kelly as if wanting to squeeze her breasts. Hell yes, he wanted those big ole' melons in his possession. Her chest rivaled Piper Cherry's whom the boys took control over in Detention just two hours prior. Who knew Pervert Herbert's mom was this fucking hot?
Having witnessed her picking Travis up at Horton-Dexter in shredded jeans, the one's she was still wearing and having so much available flesh peeking through it was almost as if an invitation. Maybe it was. Her Master, Dominic Black did give her a standing order to fulfill all men's sexual desires if expected. She was never to offer it on her own, but was not allowed to deny should they demand her attentions. While a sexual beast in her own right she did fear that rule never knowing whom it might be. At least as long as they did not know of the outstanding commitment most men would never get to enjoy her other than visually. What bothered her the most was her son Travis ever being exposed to her actions. The day would come...when she would simply have no choice. Her only hope was in Henry McKellen's wishes to share in her ownership if a pact could be made between he and Dominic. Her green thumbs were crossed.
"Shit! Sorry Mrs. Herbert. I didn't even think Travis." Toby looked over at Travis defending himself, feigning stupidity on his part. It was totally on purpose.
"Whatever! I don't trust any of you guys. For all I know it could have been you that ruined my reputation."
"I hate to tell you Trav but your reputation was ruined long before that." Antoine chimed in trying hard not to laugh.
"But we stopped by to let you know we had no part in what happened today." Angus insisted, "Look! None of us are perfect and yes we have messed with you in the past. When you helped us pass classes to stay on the team you won us over. We owe you our protection Buddy. Like I said if we find out who did this they're on our shit list."
"I could use my Geometry grade up that's for sure. Ole' Elsa Ballbuster is killin' me." Antoine added with a dramatic set of bulging eyeballs.
"My son no longer does that. You boys are capable of passing your own classes. Just do the studying." Kelly opened up making certain her son heard her disappointment in him for getting expelled the first time. Travis did like the money they offered him to help. Protection should be in their budget.
"What type of flower is that purple one right there Mrs. Herbert?" Toby knelt beside her and pointed to her wide variety of flowers.
"Dichondra." She smiled at his curiosity.
"Dick on...dra." He pronounced it slowly. "What about the big red ones there?"
"Cockscomb." She blushed knowing that he was just calling out perverted referrals as if trying to get her turned on. Sadly she was wet, the boys were big and rugged just like she preferred. Yet, she did her best to keep that to herself. Not in front of Travis.
"Cocks cum."
"Comb." She corrected him smiling shyly.
"Oh I mispronounced it. My...bad." He winked at her.
"Is that Honeysuckle?" He patted his crotch for her to see.
"Yes...it is."
"See I know a beautiful flower when I see one." His stare gave her the chills.
"HEY! Quit flirting with my mom." Travis left the safety of his home and nudged past Angus. In their brief contact Angus doubled up his fist and grit his teeth, he really hated that little weasel. Travis in turn found himself halted in his tracks.
"Travis? Go inside please." Kelly feared that he was only asking for trouble even in being overprotective.
"Fuck that." Trav grew some balls. Each of the three boys nodded in agreement. Fucking that, being Kelly was definitely on their agendas.
"You heard what I said."
"I don't trust these fuckers Mom."
Hearing music blare suddenly from the Hardecker home the jocks reacted to it. As if Knox Hardecker just knew Kelly's situation he played the song Who's Your Daddy by Lordi. While the music was older the point was still coming across. Kelly squirmed slightly hearing the lyrics saying "Surrender and Obey", her commitment to Dominic Black instantly attacking her reasoning. Holding her breath and flaring her eyes the boys wondered if Kelly was going to fire back at them instead of her son. She hid her expression well and reached over to grab Travis by his wrist as he stood next to her.
"Travis?" She repeated his name twice before he looked down at her, "I need you to go inside. Let me...have a word with these young men. Please do this for me."
"OH COME ON! Mom they'll eat you alive and spit you out."
"Please go to your room, I'll be up after I've had my say."
"Don't you asshats touch her or I'll kill you." He fumed but did as asked.
"Dude!" Angus winced, "Listen to yourself, is it any wonder why people think you're crazy?"
"You haven't seen crazy Furlong." He collided shoulders with Angus one more time. It took everything Angus had not to beat the tar out of him. Once inside the house he shut the door. Kelly was trembling but tried to control her own urges in the moment.
"I'm sorry my son is so...hateful."
"We don't blame him." Toby related as the music above ended. Looking up at the balcony on the Hardecker home they found Knox standing outside leaning on the rail looking at his cell. Recognition took over. "Is that the legend himself?" Toby called up as the other two boys joined him at the corner of Kelly's home. "YO! KNOX HARDPECKER!" Toby laughed, "HOW YOU BEEN YOU CRAZY...MOTHERFUCKER?"
Looking down between homes Knox squinted, "That you Mellon?"
"Hey! Bring your ass on down here." Angus chuckled, "It's been awhile."
Kelly maintained her presence on her knees having absorbed the songs lyrics earlier, almost as if she were glued to her spot. Even her snips were set aside in the grass. Antoine checking her out grew curious of her silent demeanor.
"Let me hit some jams on my Spotify and I'll be right down. What are you dickheads doing at Herbert's?"
"Talking to his Mom." Angus replied.
"She's out there?" Knox chuckled and pumped his fist. "This calls for the good stuff." Heading inside Knox Hardecker set up a prearranged song list and hit play before racing downstairs. Before he even hit the door Metallica's song Master of Puppets began roaring. Kelly trembled even harder.
Bursting out of his front door Knox jogged to their side and fist bumped the guys before locking his eyes on Kelly. Still on her knees Knox chuckled, "Now that's how you should be. Right Mrs. Herbert?" The guys winced that Knox would talk to her before them.
"Yes." She answered with her back to the group.
"What's this about?" Angus approached Knox.
"She has to obey us." He chuckles, "Trust me. You're gonna love this." Circling around her Knox faced her now, "Eyes up here Beautiful." She looked up at him. "Tell these fuckers you have to obey them." Her eyes flared with hesitation, reflecting back on what Henry McKellen asked of her. Still, Henry was not her Owner, as honorable as she found his appeal. Dominic's commands were set in stone within her mind. Sorry, Henry...not this time.
Rotating her body on her knees she faced Angus, Toby, and Antoine, "I must obey you."
"Whoa!" Antoine muttered. Toby and Angus just stared at her with awe.
"How the hell did you do that Hardecker?" Angus sought answers.
"He is a legend." Toby mumbled with a grin.
Knox not wanting to reveal how he knew aimed for an egotistic approach, "I just know how to get results. Anyone want a blowjob?" He nodded down at Kelly. Of course they did, but knowing the cheerleaders were only hidden on the other side of the house behind them, as well as Kelly's neighbors seeing it they grew reluctant.
"Quit messing with us Hardecker." Angus sneered.
Knox folded his arms over his chest and shook his head at the doubters, "Tell them you want to give them blowjobs."
"I...would be honored to give you each blowjobs Sirs." She whispered feeling needy yet dirty inside. Just how Dominic expected her to be. She was meant to be a dirty little whore. She felt pride in serving not just Dominic's twisted desires but her own.
The trio reacted with both shock and a sharp thrill at her admission. Knox Hardecker was the same ole' badass he was in school before he graduated. If they only knew the truth that he was just a manipulative asshole. Of course, so were they. Made from the same cloth they say.
"What about Travis?" Toby brought up, "He might look outside and see us, call 9-1-1."
"Fuck him." Knox coughed up, Kelly reacting to his outburst with bulging beautiful orbs that shared a stressful glint. That remark hit her like a ton of bricks. She had never thought of the possibility that her enslaved soul might one day be forced to do something that outweighed her already heavy burden. All she could hope for was that nobody connected like she did with Knox Hardecker's despicable term just now. It would destroy her should she allow herself to do the unthinkable. Namely, her son.
"Yeah, but that doesn't mean he wouldn't." Toby led their thoughts away from what Kelly worried over. Trying to mask her fears that Knox would return to his words she just lowered her gaze to the ground as if defeated. Let these bastards use her she processed, if she took their minds away from Travis it would be worth it.
"You worry too much." Knox rolled his eyes, "Listen to the song Slut." He pointed toward the speakers launching Metallica's chorus through his balcony doors.
Come crawling faster (faster) Obey your master (master) Your life burns faster (faster) Obey your Master! Master! Master of puppets I'm pulling your strings Twisting your mind and smashing your dreams Blinded by me you can't see a thing Just call my name 'cause I'll hear you scream Master! Master! Just call my name 'cause I'll hear you scream Master! Master!
The guys also let the words give into their lust. Controlling bitches was one of their favorite things. Antoine shook his head and declined, "That word Master ain't to my liking. Deep South shit, Bro. I got family that were slaves back in the day. I'll be in the car."
"More for us Pussy." Knox scowled, he was a bit racist anyway so it didn't really matter to him. Looking to Toby and Angus he unzipped his fly and whipped his dick out. "Get that purdy mouth over here slut."
Kelly crawled on her knees into the lions den and opened her mouth. Keeping her hands away from touching him she let him ram his cock into her throat then grab the base of her skull to pressure her deeper. Face fucking her right in front of Angus and Toby they watched with hesitation. While it was hot seeing her be so submissive at least Angus felt shitty about it. Turning away for a minute he looks out through the yards separating Piper Cherry's and the McKellen's. In doing so he noted Dakota and her sister Sable walking home from Piper's. Just seeing Dakota his heart paused. Maybe he did like her more than he admitted to others.
"Shit! If they're going home that must mean cheerleading practice is over. This is dumb." Turning to Toby he slapped his friend on the bicep, "Dude! Let's go."
"I thought this is what we came here for." Toby nodded at Kelly gurgling at Knox Hardecker's deep throat thrusting bringing her to tears. Angus getting a better look at her emotions had a strange bout of conscientiousness. Shaking his head at Knox just as he was nearing a hardcore nut into her mouth Angus paced from side to side rather than going to the car. "She wants this Bro." Toby added hopeful for a next in line BJ. Seeing Angus looking aggravated Toby clammed up and shot a glance toward the window in her home. Just opening the curtain to peer out was Travis. Spotting Knox abusing his mom he shot from the window like a light and tore through the front door to protect his mom.
In just that moment Angus blew a gasket, so did Knox. Reeling from nutting into Kelly's mouth he shared a, "HELL TO THE YEAH!" , with his eyes sealed. Fist poised Angus Furlong punched Knox Harder in the jaw like a boxer. Travis seeing the punch right before he could yell, "GET THE FUCK AWAY FROM HER." paused in his tracks, "Whoaaa!"
Bloody lip staining his chin Hardecker winced, "What the fuck Furlong? I thought you peckerheads wanted some of her." He stumbled backwards away from Kelly, his dick retreating from her throat as if stealing candy from a baby. Kelly wept and fell forward knowing her son had seen her at a weak point. Normally, she would never act like this while he was home, unless Dominic pushed her.
Toby having a moment to think about things jumped in to help Kelly to her feet. With his assist Kelly was released to Travis. "Trav...take your mom inside. We'll deal with Hardecker. He won't forget this day trust me."
Angus fumed continuing his pacing beside Knox then snapped a glance at Travis. Seeing the emotions in him as he coddled his mother just altered his whole persona. In a feat of anger Angus dropped down over Knox and punched him two more times. Antoine seeing the violence from his car blared the horn hoping to stop his friend. It took Toby to pull Angus off of Knox with a struggle, Angus was losing it. While Knox did deserve this for being the biggest douche alive it just wasn't right.
"FURLONG STOP IT!" Travis left his mom and dared to enter the fray. Trying to help Toby contain Angus, Knox rose up and took a swing at Travis blindly. Seeing this Travis swerved to miss his connecting fist. That set off Angus even more. Even though he wasn't fond of Pervert Herbert, he had lost respect suddenly in Knox the once legend Hardecker. Trouble is Angus was almost as evil when it got down to it. Any other time he might have let Kelly blow him. He couldn't explain his actions once he calmed down and just breathed heavily. Pointing down at Knox, Angus showed some true colors.
"You ever mess with Trav again I'll be back to knock your teeth down your throat. Stay the fuck away from his mom too."
"Fuck you Furlong." He crawled to his feet stumbling backwards to maintain balance without falling. Staggering to keep a distance he witnessed his Father Winslow Hardecker coming down the street and cursed under his breath, "This isn't over Furlong. I WILL get even."
"Bring it don't sling it Fucknut."
"Angus chill Bro." Toby tried to prevent him giving chase, "His dad's a lawyer. If he see's you hitting Knox he might press charges." Angus relaxed a bit knowing Toby was right. With Travis to his side tried to understand why Angus defended him. Looking from the boys, then to his mom, he worried that they might have abused her too before he noticed.
"Yo, Trav...nothing happened between us and your mom." Toby prompted, even though knowing that if Angus hadn't freaked out, at least he might have. Now however, even his conscience caught up with him.
"Mom?" Travis needed confirmation. She had retreated to her knees to continue on her gardening before it got dark.
"I'm fine Travis." She hid her face in shame.
"Hey?" Angus reached for Travis but the young man flinched, Angus understood and just lifted his palms to show he was stepping back, "We really are sorry about today. No one will ever fuck with you again. I have your back." With that said he just let it go and walked to Antoine's borrowed wheels. Toby hesitating shared a strange expression of uncertainty with Travis then glanced at his mom. Slowly stepping near Kelly he knelt down beside her with an apologetic gaze.
"Sorry Mrs. Herbert. We were stupid. Can you forgive us?"
"Yes Sir."
He smiled at that word Sir. With a sigh he took one last look at the variety of flowers spread about everywhere. Pointing at a white flower to the left of the front door he asked, "Lotus?"
"If you ask nicely Sir."
"What?" He winced, "Ohhhh! Lotus? Let us?"
"If instructed."
"Nice! We have Trav. You ever need us have Trav give us a call. Protection I mean."
"Thank you Sir."
"By the way...nice Aster." A wink left her shyly smiling.
"Compliment noted Sir."
Hopping to his feet he marched by Travis slapping him on the shoulder, "Dude! Help your mom."
Watching them leave Travis stood lifeless for a moment then fidgeted, "Mom?"
"Yes?" She held her breath expecting him to ask why she blew Knox.
"Forget it."
He just sat beside her hugging her shoulder as she clipped dying petals.
She loved him, she loved him Knox.
SNIP! SNIP!
She loved him.