I woke up to sunlight and a head full of blue-black hair in my face. It took a second for me to process – did last night really happen? I felt my hand wrapped around a large, somewhat shallow breast, with a rock-hard nipple, with a slender hand holding mine in place. I took stock – it seemed Celina was still asleep, as I heard a gentle snore. For my part, I don't think either of us moved at all – I kinda remembered crashing to sleep at 5:15, and looked up at the clock, which now read 11:21.
Wow, was I sore all over – like I had gone through an enormous workout. Well, actually, that part was right on. As my brain started to function again, I felt Celina's body spooned into mine, my cock nestled between her ass. At the thought, I felt it twitch and realized I had woken up with a raging hard-on. I could feel where all our combined juices had dried, and I could feel that Celina was still leaking.
As I lay next to her, my cock hard as steel and pressing against her, I wondered what to do next. Sliding my cock inside her while she was sleeping didn't seem fair somehow, nor was it something we discussed the night before. So getting up and starting coffee seemed like a reasonable thing to do, but I didn't want to leave the bed – and wasn't sure I could move much without waking her up. I decided to try to gently wake her up, and started to caress the breast in my right hand, figuring that might wake her up gently.
Nothing doing – no reaction at all. I took just her nipple between my fingers and started to twirl it around, acutely aware that my cock was hard as steel and lying between her ass. Nothing. I squeezed it a bit harder, and reached down to blow in her ear. This got a reaction – she sighed, rolled on to her stomach, spread her legs a bit, and managed to roll me on top of her back, my cock now slipping between her legs, up against her still drenched pussy. She sighed contentedly. I could feel the heat radiating from her pussy on the tip of my cock, which was making me crazy. And I could feel her hand still holding mine on her nipple, which was fully erect.
Still it seemed like she was asleep, not a hint of wakefulness on her face. My balls were aching, egging me on – what with the tip of my cock on top of the entrance to her pussy. Finally, the decision was made for me. Still seemingly asleep, I felt her other hand snake underneath her and she started fingering herself, as if in a dream. Her fingers grazed the tip of my cock as she stroked herself, and she started including my tip in her fingering. I felt her fingers reaching back, holding the shaft of my cock, and then felt her hips rise, sliding my cock inside her. She wriggled, and seemed to urge me forward with her hand. Then I felt her pushing herself to the foot of the bed, my cock sliding deeper and deeper inside her as she kept fingering herself, making quiet noises as my cock once again entered her.
That was it for me – I moved my hand out from her breast and pulled myself up and forward so that I was sitting on her ass, my cock once again in her glorious pussy, knowing she had to be awake. I slowly started to ride her, knowing I didn't have a prayer of lasting long as this was one of my favorite positions – allowing for super-deep penetration and stimulation. She started to shake a little bit as I rode her, thrusting in a little bit harder each time. God did her pussy feel good grabbing and squeezing my cock! I looked down at her beautiful back, sliding my cock in and out of her drenched sex. I felt her hands move out from underneath her, and reach up to grab the headboard.
As I continued to ride her, I put my hands on her shoulders to give myself better leverage. Unconsciously, I was fucking her faster and faster, and harder and harder, feeling her pussy squeezing my cock, my balls hitting her ass as I pounded her. I saw her lift and turn her head, eyes looking at me, and she just mouthed, "Fuck me."
Holy shit – her pussy was so tight, so wet . . . I knew I wasn't going to last, and didn't care – I was going to fuck her all right, and fill her again with my cum. As I lost control, my hands clawed her shoulders and I could see her watching me, nodding, egging me on – that's right, Tom, fuck my cunt. Fill me with your seed, mark your turf . . . My hands contracted and slid down her back, my nails leaving red marks as they scratched her skin.
I thought I heard telling me that her cunt was mine, that she was my fuck bitch, my toy, my cum slut, my sex slave. Her eyes widened and brightened as she looked back, seeing me fuck her from behind, her hands holding on to the headboard. I came – god how I came, with a shout, a final, convulsive grab of her shoulders, leaving red marks, and a huge explosion of cum deep into her. I felt her body shaking as her orgasm claimed her, and didn't even care. I held her down by the shoulders, my hips slamming my cock into her as I shot stream after stream of cum into her bottomless pussy, feeling her let go and squirt, knowing that we were way beyond just "teaching her sex." I heard her shriek into the pillow, and then collapsed on top of her, my cock still buried inside her.
We lay like that for what seemed like an eternity. My muscles finally forced me off, and we both heard sloshing and slurping sounds as my cock finally withdrew from her, unleashing a flood of our combined juices. I collapsed on the bed next to her, wincing a bit at the marks on her back from my nails. She just lay there smiling, finally moving her hands off the headboard and cradling her head in them as she lay flat on her stomach.
"THAT'S what I want," she murmured to me. "I want to feel like you have to have me, that I'm yours, that you're going to fuck me anywhere and everywhere. That's what I want you to teach me . . . I want you to just take me. Tie me down, scratch me, fuck me as hard as I can take it – and then push it farther."
Even spent as I was, I was stirring again listening to her.
"But we'd better find something to eat and drink – and we still have to retrieve my car. And I should probably shower, to wash some of this off . . . "
I shook my head. "No, we're going just like this. I want everyone to know we fucked each other silly last night – I want them to see it, to smell it, to feel it . . . You can shower when we get back."
Her eyes glistened as she smiled. "OK," was all she said.
"Oh – and no bra, either." I winked at her.
A broad smile spread across her face. "As you wish . . . " she said, and I cracked up at the movie reference.
We went to eat at a place in town that served breakfast all day. It was exactly what I needed – and I think Celina too, as we both wolfed down everything on our plates, and then split a dessert. Our appearance had the desired effect – there were a number of people who stole furtive glances at her, and several who just outright stared. We definitely had that unmistakable "just fucked look," and you could feel the sexual tension in the room climb sky high.
As we left, I started to head back home, but Celina insisted on getting her car. What about her bra? Hang on to it – she'd collect it Sunday. Fine with me . . .
I spent the rest of Saturday doing laundry, yard work, etc., all the while marveling at what had happened. How had this woman picked me? What the hell was I supposed to "teach" her about sex? It seemed like she knew all about it. Was her somewhat shy front just a front? Whatever, I wanted her more. I flashed back to sliding her dress off of her, to feeling her shiver as I undid her bra and saw her naked for the first time, seeing her confidence in herself climb as the night went on.
I thought back on our conversation, and remembered that we were getting together Sunday night – tomorrow. And that she was going to invite someone to join us – either 20 year old Rachel or married Michelle. While I had initially worried that my cock might not have recovered, it was fine – Celina was so wet it there was no bad friction – despite how tight she was. I lost count of how many orgasms she had – at least four – and I knew I had had three of the most intense orgasms I'd ever had, shooting out what felt like the biggest loads ever.
Bits and pieces of our conversation came back – she wanted to be watched, and to try a threesome with another woman. She also wanted to play with being tied up and lightly flogged. The scratches on her back didn't seem to bother her, even while we were out at the restaurant for brunch, when they were clearly visible. And perhaps most surprising, she wanted to be my fuck bitch, cum slut, choose your term.
Hmmmm . . . OK. I added a trip to the crawl space to my list for the day, and retrieved a box of stuff I had accumulated over the years. I pulled some of it out, looked at some and then put some back. I stashed the bits I kept in the drawer of my nightstand.
Sunday dawned and it occurred to me I hadn't even asked if she'd be at badminton. She usually was on Sunday, and I was curious to see what our dynamic would be like. I got there at my usual time, and started stretching and warming up. No Celina. I was in the middle of a doubles game when she walked in and flashed me a "hi" in between points. She looked great – like she was glowing from within. Our game ended and I casually walked over to her, seeing that she wanted to play it cool. After all, it had been one night. One unbelievably fantastic night, but one night. She flushed a bit as I asked how she was – and I could see the excitement in her eyes.
"Great! I am SO looking forward to tonight! Want to play with me?"
This time I caught the obvious double-entendre, and it seemed a couple of other people did too. We played a mixed doubles game, and it was impossible to be on the court with her and not keep flashing back to Friday night. As she served in front of me, I kept seeing her spooned up to me as we woke up, the feel of my cock wedged in her ass, and her fingers moving to get me insider her. For all that, we played pretty well and won a couple of games.
As we were leaving, I casually asked her "Same time and place tonight?"
She giggled – yes, giggled, and said "We wouldn't miss it for the world."
I caught the "we" and just said "Great – who's joining us?"
She, of course, just said, "You'll see!" with a mischievous smile and then was off.
Fair enough! I figured it was either Rachel or Michelle. Knowing she had played with Rachel before made me think it would be her. Then again, Michelle had been the one to say that she'd jump me any chance she had, and that she had a hall pass for me. Either would be great – they were both attractive in different ways. Rachel was younger and taller, with a bigger bust, while Michelle was probably prettier and more sorted out – already grown up, even if she had to stretch to claim being five feet tall. I have to admit I got hard imagining Michelle bouncing up and down, impaled on my cock. At the same time, I could imagine fucking Rachel from behind and making her scream out with pleasure. The balance of the day was just a blur.
So I once more found myself sitting at the bar a few minutes early, looking forward to the night. I'd planned ahead a bit more – I had water bottles in the bedroom, a choice of wine laid out, and some . . . accessories in the drawer of my nightstand.
Right on time, Celina bounced in wearing a radiant smile. She again looked great – this time she had pulled out a classic little black dress that didn't have anything underneath it. She walked over to me and I reached out and kissed her.
"Hi there! You look just gorgeous!" I said. Yes she did – others in the place had swiveled to watch her walk in – a 5'9" half-Chinese woman with raven hair will do that.
"Thanks! And you look fucking amazing! Oops!" she said, laughing at herself easily. "Is she here yet?" she asked.
"Who? I have no idea who, if anyone, is supposed to join us."
"Let me text her," digging out her phone and studiously ignoring my question. "Oh, she just texted. She's parking," she said brightly.
I still had no idea – "Is the idea to surprise me? And let's get you a drink - same as Friday?"
She nodded. "Thanks. And didn't mean it to be a mystery, but if you've waited this long . . . " and she smiled.
Fine with me – I ordered her a drink and a water, and we agreed on a couple of appetizers.
Just then, I felt a pair of hands cover my glasses as Celina laughed and said "Guess who that is!"
I had no idea, and no way to tell, so Celina just said "Turn around, and say hello to . . . "
If I had bet, it would have been on Rachel. And I'd have won. She looked great – way more grown up than when I had first met her as a gangly 18 year old high school graduate deciding where to go to college. She was, as the saying goes, "put together," but without going over the top. She was wearing a skirt that stopped above her knees, what looked like black hose, and what looked like a silk blouse, unbuttoned at the top, which did little to conceal her lacy black bra or her protruding nipples – whether from the air conditioning or excitement I couldn't tell.
"Rachel! Great to see you! Here, take my stool – what can we get you to drink?" I settled her on the bar stool I had claimed and stood between these two beautiful women, putting a hand on each of their backs and looking at Celina and smiling.
Our drinks and appetizers arrived, and we did the usual small talk as we nibbled. You could feel the sexual tension rising as our plates and glasses emptied. I kept a hand on each of them as much as possible, and kept silently willing them to do the same. Celina made it first – of course, putting a hand on my thigh and just grazing my groin with a mischievous and happy grin. I eventually let my hand move off of Rachel's back, around her side, and let it just brush against the bottom of her breast. I felt her inhale sharply and then, to my delight, felt her take my hand and cup her breast in it. She had a very different breast shape than Celina – more classically full and round – perhaps not as large but definitely more full. I felt Celina's breath quicken and knew she had seen it – as had a couple of guys at the bar, who were now green with envy. Rachel then took her hand and took hold of Celina's, guiding it up and down my thigh and eventually over my groin.
I let my hand move down, to Rachel's leg, and slowly traced my fingers to the edge of her skirt. I felt her squirm just a little bit, and emboldened, let my fingers keep tracing up her leg, under her skirt. I could feel her sex radiating heat, and stretched my finger out to just graze her. She was apparently wearing stockings, not hose, and I felt my finger just graze what felt like smooth skin.
I felt Rachel move slightly and felt her breath on my ear. "Celina told me about Friday night. Are you doing it again tonight? Can I watch?"
I think my cock got hard faster than it ever had, and with Celina and Rachel's hands on it there was no hiding it.
I leaned over to Rachel and moved her hair aside, letting my fingers caress her face. "Of course. Should we go?" Her eyes and nostrils flared as she just nodded, and looked at Celina, who immediately understood. I paid the check, and we walked out arm in arm to my car. The two guys who had seen Rachel's brief breast play just stared at us as we strolled out the door, Rachel's nipples now fully erect and on display through her bra and blouse. I'm not sure, but I think Rachel might have licked her lips at them as she walked – no, strutted – out with me and Celina. We reached my car for the short journey to the house, and as I was wondering who to put in the front seat the decision was made for me – Celina took the front, with Rachel right behind her. As I started driving, I saw Rachel's hands come around the seat and settle on Celina's breasts, gently squeezing and rubbing them, making Celina moan softly. Yikes!
Rachel didn't leave her hands there – just gave them a squeeze and rub, but Celina was hugely turned on – I could hear her breathing quicken, and I remembered what that meant! I was impressed – I hadn't expected Rachel to be totally comfortable with the evening to come.
Driving along, my cock was straining against my underwear and jeans, as I pictured myself taking turns ramming it in to Celina and Rachel. We bantered back and forth on the short drive back to the house, Rachel getting flirtier and more overt as I drove. I think she was actually disappointed the drive was so short. For her part, Celina didn't say much, just giggling as she volunteered some of the answers.
As I unlocked the front door, I saw the girls whispering to each other and then look at me and both smiled. As I closed and locked the door, I turned to them and asked what they'd like to drink.
"I'd love a gin and tonic if you can make one," Rachel volunteered.
"Sure thing," I said, pulling out the makings. "Celina?"
"That sounds good. And water, if you don't mind," she replied. "Can I help?"
"Sure, can you get a lime? In the fridge, bottom left drawer."
"Got it." I felt her right behind me, and ran my hand down and along her cheek. Her eyes brightened and she smiled. "What do you think of Rachel?"
"I think she's a lot less innocent than I thought. And she looks great – I can see why you'd invite her. I loved how bold she was in the restaurant."
Celina grinned. "Just wait . . . "
We went back to the living room and settled on the couch, each of us with a drink and all of us brimming with excitement – the sexual tension in the room was something else. The conversation was sex right from the start, with Rachel wanting to know how Celina and I had gotten together.
I was a bit surprised at that – I had figured Celina would have explained when she invited Rachel along. I waited to let Celina answer.
"Remember I told you about the guy I slept with who came in like three minutes and then collapsed? I decided that was the last time I was going to deal with that, and I figured I'd find someone I liked who could teach me great sex. Someone who knew what they were doing in bed and could show me . . . stuff."
Rachel listened intently, and nodded. "Yep, I can see that. And I remember thinking he'd be great." She paused. "What do you mean by 'stuff?"
Celina colored slightly. "Oh, just . . . you know . . . different positions . . . " she trailed off.
Rachel laughed. "I'm so sure different positions are all you asked him about. How many have you gotten to? Any past missionary?"
Celina had to laugh – she knew she was busted. She looked over at me, the question in her eyes. "Three?"
"Sounds about right," I said. "Depends how you count positions," I said with something approaching a smirk.
Rachel was now leaning into me on the couch, and I could feel her breast against my arm and her hand on my leg. I started gently rubbing and caressing her back, reaching up to her hair. I felt her take a deep breath.
"Mmmmmm . . . that feels great . . . " she half said, half breathed. She rested her head on my shoulder, letting my hand reach her side. I ran my hand up her side and over her back, up to her hair, running my fingers through it, curling around to graze her ear. I turned my head slightly and kissed her hair, turning back to Celina and as I did, I could look straight down her blouse, seeing a thin lace bra supporting her breast, her nipple protruding. I idly wondered if her nipples did the same thing Celina's did when they were sucked.
Celina had also edged closer, and I took the opportunity to run my other hand up her back and through her shining hair, gently massaging her scalp before tracing her spine all the way to her tight butt, around to her side, and up to her breast, again just grazing the side of it. I felt her stiffen and then exhale deeply as I felt her reach my face and trace it with a finger. It felt heavenly, and I felt her trace it down my cheek, to my throat, around to my ear, and then down to Rachel's head on my shoulder, across her cheek, down her neck, down her chest, coming to rest on Rachel's nipple. She started to draw circles around Rachel's nipple through her bra and blouse, and I watched, fascinated and incredibly turned on, as Rachel's nipple got harder and harder and I felt her breathing quicken.
I felt Rachel's hand reach out to Celina and find her, pulling Celina's face to her own, gently tracing Celina's lips with her fingers. I saw Celina's mouth open and Rachel's finger dance inside, only to see Celina close her mouth and suck on Rachel's finger. Celina then lifted Rachel's head from my shoulder and pulled her to her, kissing her full on the lips right in front of me. Rachel returned the kiss, reaching to hold Celina's head in her hand. I could see their mouths open, their tongues emerge, explore, dance together . . . it was an incredibly hot thing to see.
But as hot as it was to watch, it was time to participate. My hand was still caressing Rachel's back, and this time when I reached her hair I pulled her gently away from Celina and tilted her face toward me. Her eyes were shining and I closed my mouth on hers, kissing her deeply, feeling her respond, her tongue exploring my mouth as I explored hers. I felt Celina move and my hand come free, and I moved it to Rachel's breast, circling her nipple through her blouse and bra as I had seen Celina do. Rachel stiffened, and I undid the top button of her blouse, then the second. I reached in and rested my fingertip on her nipple before taking her breast in my hand and gently squeezing. I felt her gasp as we were kissing, and I undid the remaining buttons on her blouse, feeling it fall open. I kissed her again, and turned to Celina, who was watching us from just inches away – we could both feel her excited breath on our cheeks.
I reached to Celina and put my hand on the back of her neck, pulling her to me, finding her lips, kissing her softly and then more urgently as she responded, her eyes open and shining brightly. I was transported back to Friday night, to the first time we kissed, that shot of electricity that ran through both of us. I could feel my cock straining to reach her, and her body trying to reach mine.
Recognizing the futility of trying to do much on the couch, I struggled to my feet, pulling Rachel and Celina up with me. Rachel had been playing with her own nipples, and her hand was straying down towards her groin as I pulled her to her feet, her blouse open, showing off her breasts straining against her bra. I turned to her and took both her nipples in my hands, giving them a light squeeze, feeling them harden. I felt her hand move down my chest, across my stomach, down to my bulging groin. She grazed my aching cock through my jeans and briefs, and I actually groaned at her touch. I felt hands at my belt, undoing it, dropping it to the floor . . .
I pushed Rachel's blouse off her shoulders, and it fell to the floor. I turned to Celina and crushed her to me, feeling her nipples pop erect against my thin shirt, grabbing her ass with one hand and pulling her in close, my cock pressing against her stomach. I let go of Celina with one arm, and pulled Rachel in to our embrace, and slowly led us down the hall to the bedroom.
When we reached the bedroom, Celina looked around briefly and smiled. Rachel was beside herself, and Celina and I looked at each other and smiled – Rachel first. I stepped in front of Rachel and pulled her to me, as Celina stepped behind her. I pulled Rachel's mouth to mine and kissed her hard, pulling her body to mine and letting her feel my cock against her stomach. My fingers wandered to her skirt, and gently pushed it down, down, down . . . and to the floor. As I was sliding her skirt off, Celina, standing behind her, had been caressing her breasts through her bra, and now undid the clasp and lifted Rachel's bra off of her. She stood sandwiched between me and Celina, almost naked – just her stockings remaining. I let my hands roam, up and down her body, my fingers eventually coming to tease her groin, making her groan with anticipation. As my hands wandered, I let them reach Celina as well, teasing, teasing . . .
I felt fingers at the button of my jeans, and in one swift, confident move, Rachel undid the button and zipper, pushing them down as far as she could. I felt a different set of hands on my legs, and knew Celina was taking over, pushing them down, helping me to step out of them. I lifted my shirt over my head, and stood in front of Rachel almost naked – my briefs still on. I saw her look me up and down, giving me an almost shy smile. She turned, facing Celina, and kissed her deeply before lifting Celina's dress over her head. I, in turn, moved behind Celina as Rachel lifted, pulling Celina onto me, reaching around to caress those amazing breasts, letting one hand undo the clasp of her bra, lifting it off and dropping it on my dresser.
Celina ground her ass into my groin, feeling my raging cock straining against my briefs as my hands caressed and twirled and crushed her enormous nipples, moving her soft hair, kissing her neck and ear, one hand wandering down, down to her trimmed black mound, not waiting but slipping a finger into her, feeling how wet she was . . .
In my lust I missed seeing Rachel move behind me. It wasn't until I felt her press her breasts into my back that I realized she had moved behind me. Her arms reached past my sides, to Celina's hips, and pulled her closer to me, feeling us rocking. She let her hands wander over Celina's body, and then move to mine. She caressed my sides, arms, back . . . and then I felt her hook the waistband of my briefs, and felt her tug downwards. She pulled harder, not able to see that they were caught on my cock, reaching around to feel. She moved her hand inside my briefs and grasped my cock, making me gasp for air just a little bit at her touch. She started to stroke me and then popped me free and slid the briefs down, down, down and off me. My rigid cock was now free, and was rubbing against Celina's slit from behind. I could feel her getting wetter and wetter, actually dripping on my cock. I gave Celina's breasts one last hard squeeze, and turned to face Rachel, me completely naked. I took her hand and led her to the bed, her black stockings making an amazing contrast with her ivory white skin.
Rachel lay back looked up at my cock as I stood beside the bed, watching Celina move to the other side of the bed and climb on. Rachel reached out and took my cock in her hand.
"How hard can I squeeze?" she wanted to know.
"The harder the better," I said. "You can't hurt it like that with just your hands – trust me."
She started to squeeze me, alternating light and hard, until she was squeezing as hard as she could. She was also running her hand up and down my shaft – and it felt wonderful. I saw Celina watching and smiling, and with her eyes locked on me leaned down and took of Rachel's breasts into her mouth. She started sucking on her nipple, and Rachel involuntarily squeezed me harder. Ohmigod – seeing Celina sucking Rachel's breast while staring at me almost made me cum.
I took my hand and started caressing Rachel's body, from her foot to her cheek. She shivered when I reached her nipple, and started to buck as my fingers went to her groin and started to explore. She had a beautiful hair-free slit – with a gorgeous star pattern of folds. I started to slowly explore her folds, my fingers brushing her clit, then rubbing it, and then slowly slipping a finger, then two, inside her. It was a much faster pace than what Celina and I had done Friday, but Rachel seemed to need it. Her hips bucked as my fingers found her g-spot and massaged it, Celina alternating sucking her nipples and kissing her deeply. All the while, Rachel was holding my cock in her hand, staring at it when she could.
Rachel started to pull me on to the bed – with my cock in her hand, she had great leverage. I moved next to her, and then placed myself between her legs. Celina broke away from Rachel's breast and came up and kissed me hard, squeezing my cock in her hand.
"Fuck her now, Tom. Fuck that tight little cunt of hers – she needs it. Fuck her cunt like you fucked mine and make her scream for you. Make her beg you to cum inside her and fill her with your seed." Celina's eyes were burning as she whispered that to me, before kissing me hard and giving my cock a strong squeeze.
I took my free hand and grabbed the back of Celina's head, grabbing her hair, pulling it, pulling her to me.
"I'm going to fuck Rachel's little cunt right now, and you're going to watch all of it. You're going to watch me pound Rachel's hot little cunt over and over and cum deep inside her. And when I'm done, you're going to suck all of my cum out of her dripping pussy and then I'm going to fuck you and your tight little cunt. And then Rachel's going to suck all my cum out of your dripping pussy – and you had better squirt all over her . . . you're going to do it because you're my fuck bitch, my cum slut, my little whore. And don't you forget it." As I finished, I pulled my hand from Rachel's now dripping pussy and slapped her on her ass, drawing a moan.
Celina flushed bright red with excitement as I talked, and her eyes popped wide open my hand slapped her ass. I gave her hair another hard pull and kissed her hard before pushing her head back to Rachel's breast. I leaned down to Rachel and kissed her hard on the mouth, moving my mouth to her ear, nibbling, kissing her neck, moving back to her ear. My cock was rubbing against her stomach, and I could feel her straining to move to where she could reach it.
"Rachel, I'm going to fuck you right now. I'm going to ram my cock deep into your tight little cunt, and I'm not going to stop until you beg me to. OK? Then my little fuck bitch is going to suck you dry."
I whispered all that in her ear, and felt her turn her head to look at me. Her eyes were shining, and there was a bead of perspiration on her forehead.
"Yessss . . . " she practically hissed at me. "Fuck me now. Hard. Fuck my tight little cunt . . . make me . . . AGH!"
She stopped in mid-sentence as I plunged my cock deep into her pussy, tearing into her tight young cunt with my rock hard cock. I pulled out all the way and then rammed into her again. She was shorter than Celina, being about 5'5", and very well proportioned. She was also very young – only 20 – and had the body to prove it. Even then, though, it didn't seem like she'd ever been fucked as hard or aggressively as I was now fucking her. In and out I went, savoring the feeling of her young pussy on my cock. I moved her legs to my shoulders and kept on pounding her pussy, feeling her get wetter and wetter as we went on. I could hear her moaning loudly at each thrust, and could see Celina sucking on her breasts.
I could feel Rachel starting to shake all over, and slowed down my pace – it was way too soon for her to cum. I slowed to a stop, my cock buried deep in her amazingly tight cunt. Her lips were trembling as I kissed her and moved to her ear, loving the feel of her pussy contracting on me.
"Do you like feeling my cock in your tight little cunt? Are you ready to cum now? Ready to feel me explode inside you and for Celina to suck you dry?"
She couldn't speak, she just nodded, though she looked around a bit wildly when I talked about exploding inside her.
I kissed my way back down her neck, giving the breast Celina wasn't on a quick suck on the way back down. I left her right leg on the bed, and lifted her left leg up on my shoulder, giving me a different angle. She looked up at me with wonder in her eyes as I started to slide myself in and out of her wonderfully tight pussy. I moved my hips around, grinding into hers, and felt her squirming hard. Between my assault on her pussy, and Celina on her breasts, she was going wild and her eyes were losing focus. I could feel her starting to shake inside and knew she was about to cum.
I reached for Celina and pulled her to me by her hair. "Do you like watching? Do you like watching my cock fuck Rachel? Seeing it slide in and out of her tight young cunt? Do you? Is it making you wet?" I growled the questions at her.
"Yes . . . " she breathed. "I can't wait for you to fuck me like that again . . . watching your cock slide in and out is so hot . . . "
I kissed her and moved her back to suck on Rachel's breasts.
I started to pick up my pace with Rachel again, feeling her orgasm building quickly. The different angle was a totally new sensation for her, and I quickly found what seemed like the best rhythm. It didn't take long – she started to moan uncontrollably, and I could feel myself starting to lose it. I plunged into her again, and felt the side of her cervix brush the tip of my cock. That sensation pushed her over the edge, and her orgasm exploded over her, making her shake all over. She screamed out, something, who knows. Her pussy convulsed on my cock, driving me over the edge.
I felt my balls release, and could feel cum shooting through my cock, out my tip, exploding into Rachel's young womb, filling her pussy with hot cream. If I didn't cum as much as I did with Celina on Friday night, it wasn't by much. Rachel was lost to the world, eyes open but unseeing, arms flailing, yelling incomprehensibly. I felt my cock finally stop shooting cum into her young womb, and slowly lowered myself onto her. She lay there, her breathing hard and unsteady, her body quivering as the aftershocks from her orgasm washed over her.
Celina had stopped sucking on her breasts, and gently cradled her head, letting me kiss Rachel gently as she returned from her orgasm.
"I . . . I . . . ohmigod . . . I . . . can't . . . need . . . a . . . moment."
Celina and I leaned down at the same instant to kiss her. Our lips came together all at once, and Rachel's breathing normalized. It took several minutes for her shaking to stop, and for her to be able to talk.
"Oh my god – that was . . . unbelievable . . . I've never cum that hard." She was finally able to get out. With my cock still inside her, I could still feel her pussy spasming on my cock, and my cock twitching back in response. I started to slowly withdraw my cock, leading to a sloshing or slurping sound as my tip finally came out of her pussy. A hint of white on her gorgeous dark pink slit was the only initial giveaway that she was full of my cum. As Celina and I watched, Rachel shifted her legs and released a mini flood of fluid. We were both awestruck – Rachel might not be a squirter like Celina, but she came hard - and in great volume.
Celina's eyes were as bright as I'd ever seen them. She leaned down toward Rachel and kissed her on the lips. She started to kiss her way down Rachel's young, lithe body. She reached her clit and started to gently tongue Rachel's swollen clit and labia, reaching with one hand for Rachel's nipple. Celina slowly tongued and kissed her way around Rachel's folds, reaching her tongue out to catch a drop of fluid that emerged. Rachel had one hand in Celina's hair and the other was playing with her own breast. It was an incredible vision – two beautiful young women having sex in my bed, one slowly slurping my cum out of the other's gleaming pussy, me watching from inches away . . . and feeling myself recovering.
I reached over to my nightstand and drained a bottle of gatorade – I wanted to make sure I stayed hydrated, since the night was just getting started. I turned back to see Celina's head buried between Rachel's legs, her eyes wide open as her mouth worked on Rachel's pussy, sucking, biting, tonguing, teasing . . . all while looking straight up at Rachel, who was staring right back down at Celina, watching her devour her cream pie'd pussy. Both were panting, and I decided it was time for me to rejoin the fun. I leaned down and kissed Rachel hard on the mouth, my hand cupping and squeezing her breast, twirling and then crushing her nipple. I could see her flush deeply – between Celina's hungry attention to her cunt and me playing with her breast and mouth she looked ready to cum again. I kissed my way down her body to Celina and started to kiss my way down Celina's long, lithe body. She pulled her face off of Rachel's pussy and I could see it covered in the mixed fluids of me and Rachel, who grabbed her hair and pulled her back to her pussy.
I kissed and licked my way down Celina's body, tracing it with my hands and mouth and tongue. I let my fingers cup her perfect ass, and let a finger graze her slit, feeling her legs and ass tighten involuntarily. I let my fingers move farther, reaching under her as she arched her hips up spread her legs a bit wider, my index finger finding her hood and moving it aside to feel her glorious clit beneath, already so wet it felt like she had cum. She quivered at my touch, in turn driving Rachel wild as she bucked her mouth harder into Rachel's now sloppy pussy. I slowly teased Celina's clit with my finger, and slowly moved around her, letting my cock trace across her back as Rachel watched. As Celina felt my cock trace across her back and come to rest on top of her ass I could feel her breath heaving.
I leaned down to her ear and whispered in her ear "You better keep sucking Rachel's tight young cunt – there can't be any of my cum left in her when you're done . . . "
Celina just moaned and went back to expertly tonguing Rachel's perfectly smooth clit. I moved back, letting Celina feel my cock and balls dragging across her back, coming to rest again between her perfect ass cheeks. Then I slid back a little bit and let my cock fall between her legs and lifted it to slide against her soaking wet slit. I reached one hand around and under her, taking her breast, squeezing it, moving to her enormous and rock hard nipple, squeezing harder and harder, feeling her shake as I continued to rub the length of her slit with my cock, played with her erect nipple, with Rachel holding her hair and keeping Celina's mouth firmly on her drenched pussy.
I looked at Rachel and smiled – she was in heaven as Celina worked her pussy and one of her nipples. I mouthed "watch" to her and worked my hand down to Celina's literally dripping slit – she was so wet and engorged it was incredible. I put my thumb on her clit and rubbed, making her come off of Rachel's pussy. Rachel was having none of it, and pulled Celina by the hair back down. Just as she reached Rachel's pussy again, I without warning slid my whole cock deep into Celina's cunt. I felt rather then heard her groan into Rachel's pussy, and felt her pussy fighting my cock as I slid in. That wouldn't do – I pulled almost all the way out and then forcefully buried my cock inside her. She groaned more loudly and I felt her pushing her ass toward me, trying to take me deeper. I pulled her back, moving her to her hands and knees, and motioned for Rachel to slide her head under Celina's breasts.
As Rachel moved, I saw her pussy was just huge – completely swollen and engorged from Celina's and my treatment of it, and I could see how red her nipples were. Rachel slid her head under Celina and I could tell the instant she touched Celina's breast with her mouth – Celina bucked at the touch, not expecting it, and she pushed herself right back on my cock. I could feel her cunt spasm briefly as Rachel started to suck on those gorgeous tits and as she felt the effect of pushing back onto my cock even farther. I took hold of her hips and kept up a rhythm of almost completely pulling out and then slowly sliding my cock back in to her glorious pussy, feeling her drench me with her love juices.
I don't think Celina had quite expected to be fucked by both Rachel and me at the same time, because it took almost no time to feel her orgasm building, building, deep within her. Rachel could feel it too, which surprised me a little, but then I figured she had the advantage of being a woman and knowing the signs. As Celina got closer and closer, I started to pick up my pace until I was just slamming in and out of her as fast as I could, feeling her pussy squeezing me oh so hard and her whole body shook. Right about then Rachel reached up with her hand and started fingering Celina's clit, letting another finger stroke my cock as I slammed in and out of Celina. I willed myself not to cum and smiled at Rachel and nodded, wanting her to keep it up.
Celina, for her part, was overwhelmed with sensation – me sliding my cock deep into her sopping cunt, my fingers holding tightly onto her hips, my balls slapping against her ass as I bottomed out inside her, as Rachel sucked on her free hanging tits and played with her clit while stroking my cock as I rammed in and out of her. Her whole body stiffened, froze, and then the earthquake took her and she came. Her whole body writhed uncontrollably as her orgasm devoured her, her pussy spasming on my cock, her nipples hard as rocks as Rachel sucked them expertly and fingered her clit. Celina shrieked out something – neither of us could make it out – and she spurted out jets of cum all over Rachel's hand and my cock.
I felt Rachel hurriedly squirming farther under Celina, and felt her mouth come up hungrily to Celina's slit. I heard a gurgling sound and it took me a second to figure out that Rachel was slurping as much of Celina's cum as she could. Ohmygod – the thought was intoxicating. I could feel Rachel's tongue working around, feeling it brush the top of my cock where it was buried in Celina's perfect pussy. Celina's shaking started to settle, and her eyes started to come back into focus. I saw Rachel start to slide out from under Celina, and I started to let my cock slowly withdraw from Celina, gently lowering her from her knees to lying face down on the bed.
As Rachel emerged from under Celina, she was smiling brightly. "Holy shit that was hot!" she exclaimed! Did Celina tell you how much I love eating her pussy and feeling her cum? But I've never felt her cum that hard – must be that nice big fat cock of yours – she told me how good it felt in her cunt."
By now, I wasn't surprised to hear how dirty Rachel could talk. What did surprise me, and turn me on, was how she looked – like she had just taken a shower, her hair soaked with Celina's cum and glistening as it ran down her face. God almighty that looked hot – talk about the "just fucked look!" Even having experienced firsthand how much Celina could cum, it was amazing to think there was enough liquid to soak Rachel's face and hair like that.
Celina, for her part, was still moaning, her face in a pillow as the aftershocks continued rumbling through her. I reached out and put my hand on her back, softly caressing her, reaching her hair and running my fingers through it before tracing her form down to her beautiful buttocks and then back. Rachel leaned down and kissed her on her hair, and slowly stroked her hair.
"Mmmmmm . . . I love when you cum all over me. Did you like that? Did you like feeling a big fat cock in your cunt while I was sucking you? We're going to have to do that again . . . " Rachel trailed off, seeing Celina's cheek flush and then recover.
I recovered the breath I had lost listening to Rachel talk to Celina, and reached out to feel her hair. Parts of it were completely soaked, like she really had gotten out of the shower, while others were damp, and the back of her head was slightly damp – just from sweat. I scooped up a drop that was starting to run down her face and put it to my mouth – wow was that good! Rachel just watched and smiled.
"I never would have believed it – even after Celina told me," she said.
"Believed what?" I asked.
"This. I've never been fucked like that, or wanted to be fucked so bad, or wanted a man so badly, or been turned on this much. The guys at school are nothing like you . . . I just can't believe we had sex the first time – I figured I'd watch you and Celina and play with Celina. I never expected you to fuck me like that, and I really never would have believed I'd let you cum inside me . . . and then make Celina eat me."
"All you have to do is say stop or no," I said. "I figured you knew that if you and Celina had talked." I was a bit apprehensive – I certainly didn't want to do anything Rachel didn't want to do, but she had been just irresistible.
She quickly shook her head – "No, that's not what I meant. I loved it, and can't wait to feel your cock inside me again, and to watch you take Celina again – holy shit that was HOT. I just didn't know where tonight would go – well, other than your house and probably your bed."
While we had been quietly talking, Celina had mostly recovered and was on her side, listening to us, smiling.
Celina broke the silence – "Ohmygod that was incredible . . . you guys have to do that again."
I nodded. "Next time I'm going to explode inside you so Rachel can suck our juices out of you." Both sets of eyes and nostrils flared, and I was acutely aware of Rachel's young body next to mine, and even more aware as her hand reached out almost absently and started stroking my soft cock.
"Mmmmm . . . I know how good Celina tastes, and I have a hint of how you taste . . . and putting them together is going to be heavenly. Her hair was drying a little bit, making it almost look like she had overdone hair spray. I loved how wanton she was – and only 20! I had no idea if this would ever happen again, but knew this, and the previous Friday, would be on the list of nights I'd never forget. I reached down and handed both of them bottles of water – Celina, in particular, must have needed it given how much cum she had squirted. They tapped them together and both quickly drained them.
Rachel was still idly playing with my cock, and Celina watched as Rachel slowly brought my cock back to life. I was struck for a moment by how unlikely and outrageous the whole situation was. Here I was, sitting in bed with two gorgeous young women, one 26 who I was supposed to "teach her sex," and one only 20, who was as aggressive and sexy as they came. Both of them naked in my bed, one with my cum still oozing out of her glistening pussy, the other laying next to us, the vestiges of her huge orgasm slowly subsiding. And here I was, a 46 year old widower, fucking them to oblivion exploding inside them at random.
It occurred to me that I while I knew Celina had said she was protected, I hadn't even asked Rachel – was that why she looked a little nervous when I told her I was going to cum deep in her cunt and then make Celina suck it out? I asked, and Rachel just smiled, pantomiming taking a pill, emphasizing it by taking a long drink from another bottle of water on the nightstand. Ah!
She had managed to pick up and open the bottle without taking her hand off my cock, continuing to slowly stroke it. Celina was watching intently, slowly moving toward it until I could feel her breath on me – and Rachel could too. Without a word, Rachel took Celina's hair and gently pulled her mouth to the tip of my cock, moving my cock with her other hand to Celina's lips. I watched as Celina's lips grazed the tip of my cock, feeling her breath on me as Rachel squeezed the base of my shaft.
I took a deep breath as Celina's tongue slowly came out from between her lips and gently touched my tip, slowly licking and then moving her tongue around the head of my cock, her breathing quickening almost as much as mine was. I felt Rachel lean down to Celina's ear and tell her to take my whole cock in her mouth and to suck it. Celina slowly started taking me into her mouth, her lips and tongue slowly exploring as she took her time. It was exquisite torture – I wanted to grab her head and just jam my whole cock into her mouth, but instead my whole body tensed and my fists clenched. Rachel noticed and smiled, moving up to kiss me, releasing Celina's hair and pulling me towards her, her lips slightly parted.
She reached my lips with hers and just grazed them, and I could feel her erect nipples grazing my chest as she let her lips graze mine, then felt her take my lower lip into her mouth and bite down gently. I almost jumped, but Celina had managed to take my whole cock into her mouth and was slowly working her way back to my tip. I was beside myself, wild with excitement, and felt totally helpless as these two beautiful women continued their assault on my senses. I felt Celina blowing on the tip of my cock, the cool air contrasting sharply with the warmth of her mouth, making me grow even harder – which I hadn't thought possible. I felt her giggle a little and start to take me in her mouth again. I managed to gain control of one of my arms and reached around Rachel's body, crushing her erect nipples to my chest, moving her head slightly, and kissed her mouth hard. I felt her tongue and body respond, kissing me back forcefully, her hands now both on my head, holding it in place as we kissed each other so hard we were fucking each other with our tongues.
I could feel Celina slowly working her way up and down my shaft, closing her mouth over me when she had just my head in her mouth, her tongue dancing, her mouth sucking me hard and then slowly relaxing as she took more and more of me into her mouth. I've always been told I have a great cock – and had never measure it until one woman pulled out a ruler and declared I was . . . a certain length. Not a porn star cock, but pretty damn good. I could feel pressure building in my balls as Celina continued to alternate soft and hard pressure with her mouth and as she gently cupped my balls at the same time Rachel and I were fucking each others' mouths and tongues, Rachel's now totally hard nipples pressing and rubbing on me. I got control of my other hand and reached down, around Celina, to her breast, and found her nipple already completely engorged and solid. I heard her moan as I squeezed, and felt the cool air as her mouth opened to moan. I was completely beside myself, and losing all control. I reached down toward Celina's groin but couldn't quite reach – moving my hand back and squeezing her nipple hard, feeling her react, my other hand wrapped around Rachel's head, holding her face to mine as we kissed.
I could feel my balls filling and knew I wouldn't be able to hold back long, and I started to shake as Celina kept up her unrelenting attack on my cock with her mouth. Rachel moved her face away from mine and quickly replaced her mouth with one of her nipples, pulling my mouth onto it, her movements commanding. I took her breast in my mouth and sucked hard, feeling her erect nipple harden and her whole body stiffen with pleasure. Just then, Celina jammed my entire cock into her mouth, and I could feel her gag just slightly. I was going – my hand abandoned her breast and grabbed the back of her head, holding it in place as she deep throated my cock, still gagging just a little. Her hand gently squeezed my balls and sent me over the edge. My hand convulsed in her hair and she gulped my cock, Rachel moaning loudly as I bit down hard on her breast.
I came as hard as I ever have, feeling myself explode, my balls convulsively emptying, feeling my seed racing through my cock, impatient to escape. Celina grabbed my ass and held my cock firmly in her mouth as I spurted my cream into her. Ohmigod it felt like a lot, and she was taking it all. Stream after stream went pulsing into her eagerly waiting mouth. I felt Rachel separate herself from me and move to watch Celina as took jet after jet of my cum into her mouth, feeling her rolling her tongue on my cock as I came.
I felt a blast of cold air on my cock as her mouth moved off of me and tilted to the side, toward Rachel. I saw Rachel's eyes burning as she lowered her mouth onto Celina's, forcing Celina's mouth open with her tongue, positioning Celina on top so gravity would work for her. I saw Celina's mouth open, my cum filling her, and Rachel dove in with her tongue, greedily licking up all of my cum, mixed with Celina's saliva, that she could, loudly slurping. I was transfixed – I had been part of this before, but I had never seen someone go after it so hard.
Rachel had pulled Cellina's mouth off my cock before I had finished spurting, and the last few ropes of white seed now decorated Celina's raven blue-black hair and neck. She and Rachel were kissing hard, and it looked like they were passing all the fluids back and forth. I saw Rachel take a big swallow and close Celina's mouth. In turn, Celina swallowed and I could hear and feel her groan as all of our mixed juices went down her throat.
I was still shaking as the two girls kissed each other slowly, and watched as Rachel rubbed the cum strands on Celina's hair further into her hair. They both smiled widely as they looked over at me, seeing the effect they had.
Celina giggled again and asked, " So was that pretty good, teacher? What would you give me?"
I was still shaking but starting to regain control of myself. I made a show of pondering as they both watched. "Probably an A minus, only because I felt your teeth a couple of times and because you didn't catch all of me – unless that was part of your plan," I said, looking at Rachel with a raised eyebrow.
Celina seemed pleased – "Not exactly, but it worked out well, don't you think?" she asked, as she twirled the bits of hair that Rachel had massaged my cum into.
I could only nod. "That was . . . unbelievable. I'm still shaking. And we still have a creampie to go . . . " I said as I looked directly into Celina's deep brown eyes. I reached over to kiss her, getting just a taste of my cum mixed with her and Rachel's saliva. Her eyes flared as I said it, brightening at "creampie." Even as drained as I was, I felt my cock twitch just a bit at her reaction.
I reached for another bottle of gatorade and drained it – I never needed it more.
Rachel had lit up as well when I said we had another creampie to make. She said softly, "Is that the one I get to eat?"
Celina and I looked at each other and then at Rachel with total lust. Celina just breathed "yes" to Rachel, her cheeks flushing brightly.
Rachel lay back down, her head on a pillow. "Mmmmm . . . I am so hungry," she said, staring pointedly at me as her hand almost unconsciously went to her still-drenched pink slit. It's a bit late in the game to be describing her, but Rachel was gorgeous, just in a different way than Celina. Rachel wasn't quite as lean as Celina, though still petite. At about 5'6", she was shorter then Celina but still taller than average. She had rich brown hair with a hint of auburn. She had good size breasts that were more conventionally shaped than Celina – Rachel's were full and round while still being taut – one of the perks of youth! Her skin was very fair and soft. She was also nicely proportioned – where Celina's legs were longer than her torso, Rachel's were perfectly sized for her height. I've mentioned her sex before – it was totally hairless, and when I had asked she had replied matter-of-factly that she had a Brazilian done regularly. Her clit wasn't as big as Celina's, but it seemed to pop more – probably due to the complete lack of hair. Her slit was a darker pink than was Celina's, and her scent just a touch muskier.
Rachel's legs were just a bit bigger than Celina's, which explained the strength of her grip when I'd been fucking her earlier. They looked great. All in all, she was very pretty, even if she didn't give me that "I have to fuck you NOW" bit that Celina did. In point of fact, Rachel had the more classic female form.
It occurred to me that I had yet to taste Rachel – that might be a good way to get us started on next creampie adventure. I already knew it would be my last orgasm of the evening – no, wait, morning. It was already 4:15! And I had thought it was around midnight. Wow. I wasn't even tired, and the girls didn't seem to be either. Amazing what outrageous sexual tension and adrenaline can do!
We had all been just sitting on the bed, Rachel lightly and absentmindedly playing with her pussy lips, when Celina reached for me and nuzzled my ear. "Fuck me, Tom. Fuck me now. Rachel's hungry . . . and I need your cock in my sloppy cunt and to feel her sucking your cum out of me."
My eyes widened a bit as she talked. I felt my cock hardening, and harden even faster as Rachel took it in her hand and squeezed. I felt Rachel moving, felt her breath on the tip of my cock, and felt her take my entire cock into her mouth in one motion. How she did it, I have no idea, but god it was amazing. I looked at Celina, who nodded down to Rachel with a smile on her lips. I moved so that I could straddle Rachel, who never let my cock out of her mouth (throat?), and sucked me with gusto. I lowered my mouth to her stomach and kissed my way to her sex, her lovely dark pink slit glistening.
I used two fingers to spread her lips apart, exposing her clit, and slowly lowered my tongue to her. As she felt my breath on her pussy I felt her seal her lips on my cock and suck hard, not letting up as my tongue danced over her clit, into her folds, exploring, letting my teeth graze her, taking her into my mouth, biting down gently, feeling her freeze and grasp my cock even harder with her mouth, her tongue in turn sliding up and down my shaft, to the tip, lasciviously licking me, taking the drops of precum I knew must be there as I felt the pressure build in my balls.
I felt movement next to us and sensed Celina watching Rachel taking my whole cock deep in her throat, sliding me in and out of her mouth, her tongue always flicking, always working . . . As I lost myself in licking and tonguing and eating Rachel's sloshing, sloppy, wet young cunt, I felt Celina move again, and felt her presence next to me, watching as I devoured Rachel's pussy. I felt Celina inhale sharply as Rachel managed to find her clit with a finger and start to rub, and I could feel Celina stiffen as Rachel found a rhythm, sucking my cock deep in her mouth while diddling Celina's twat with her fingers.
There was no way I was going to last long with all this going on, and lifted myself off of Rachel's glorious and sopping pussy, pulling my drenched cock out of her mouth, feeling her disappointment and understanding. I moved my mouth to Celina's and kissed her gently, feeling her tingle as she tasted Rachel's pussy juices all over my lips and tongue. I kept kissing her as I pushed her on to her back, my hands now everywhere on her, squeezing her gorgeous tits, flicking down to the small black mound standing watch on her pussy, down the inside of her thighs, back up to her bright pink slit, kissing her the whole time, my body wild with desire for her. I felt her hands on my back, reaching for me, pulling me onto her, my fingers sliding inside her, twirling, feeling her g-spot, rubbing, pulling . . .
She rolled on her back, her legs spreading wide for me, her glorious pussy in full view. I heard a gasp and knew Rachel was right there, watching. One of Celina's hands found my cock, still sopping from Rachel's blowjob, and pulled me toward her slit. I climbed on top of her, letting my cock run up and down over her slit, seeing her juices starting to drip in anticipation, her legs spread wide, her eyes imploring me to just fuck her.
I put the tip of my cock on the entrance to her cunt. No slow games this time – I pushed off the foot of my bed and buried my cock in her sloppy cunt, pulling out to slam into her again and again, her legs locked around mine, her pussy pulling me in deeper and deeper, her eyes smiling, challenging, her hands and rose painted nails digging in to my ass, holding my cock deep inside.
"That's right, Tom, fuck me. Fuck my cunt, fuck that wet sloppy cunt with your big fat cock. You need to fuck your fuck bitch, your cum slut . . . " She was hissing at me, telling me to go harder, deeper, faster . . .
I slammed my cock in and out, in and out of her absolutely glorious tight snatch, feeling her squeezing, spasming on my cock, drenching me with her fluids.
"Is this what you want, my little fuck bitch cum slut? You want my cock to pound your nasty cunt and fill you with hot seed so your friend here can suck it out of your hot snatch? Is that what you want? Is it? Is it? Tell me!" I commanded.
"Yes . . . fuck me . . .fuck my sopping cunt . . . it is all yours . . . I want to feel you explode inside me again . . . "
We had both almost forgotten that Rachel was on the bed, but she was watching wide-eyed as Celina and I fucked each other and talked to each other. I felt her move up to Celina and whisper in her ear as Celina was squeezing my cock deep in her cunt, feeling her squeeze even harder as I kept plowing into her, feeling her orgasm starting to build, feeling my balls starting to fill . . .
I felt Rachel move again and felt her breath on my ear and her tits on my body. "Fuck her, Tom. Fuck her as hard as you can – make her scream. Make her scream and fill that nasty little cunt with your cum, just like you did to me. I'm hungry for her cunt . . . "
She almost sent me over the edge, and I know Celina could feel my cock twitching and seemingly expand as Rachel whispered in my ear.
I moved one hand to Rachel's hair and pulled it hard, her eyes shining, her whole body glowing, her tits painfully erect. "I'm going to fuck her just like I did you, and fill her with my cum. And then you're going to take your nasty young mouth and suck all my cum out of her dirty soaked snatch . . . "
Rachel went wild with excitement, and I reached and crushed one of her nipples, turning her face red. I buried my cock in Celina and held it there, reaching for Rachel's body with both hands, moving her, lifting her so that her snatch was not directly over Celina's hungry mouth, forcing her down on to Celina's waiting tongue.
"Be careful what you ask for, little girl, because you're going to be my second fuck bitch if you're not careful . . . Rachel's body shook as Celina took her sex in her mouth and sucked, using one hand to hold Rachel down so she could suck her while the other stayed on my hip, digging in to keep my cock deep inside her.
Rachel looked at me challengingly. "Think so? Think you can handle two fuck bitch cum sluts at the same time?"
I reached up to her tits and crushed her nipples between my fingers, pulling her mouth to mine. "Yes. And you just became the second."
Rachel was lost in an ocean of sensation as I tortured her nipples and Celina devoured her pussy. Her eyes widened as I told her she was now the second fuck bitch, and I felt her tip over the edge, drenching Celina's mouth with her cum, her arms around my back scratching, leaving red furrows behind.
I felt Celina choke a little as Rachel came on her mouth, and felt her buck as I buried my cock in her again. I felt Celina starting to cum and my balls filled, me holding them back, slamming into Celina again, feeling her cunt spasm on my cock as she swallowed a load of Rachel's juices, dribbling down her cheeks. I felt Celina scream into Rachel's pussy, seeing Rachel raining cum on her face, and I lost all control, exploding into Celina, tearing her cunt apart with my cock as my cum blasted into her womb. I felt her shaking as she screamed obscenities into Rachel's pussy as she came hard, squeezing my cock in her cunt like I had never felt before, even last Friday, and I felt her let go, squirting cum all over my groin, it splashing on to her abs and between her legs. I felt myself rocketing spurt after spurt into her, filling her tight young cunt with my sperm, feeling her react, pulling me deeper, milking every last drop. I felt Rachel collapse and fall off of Celina, letting me see Celina's face covered in her cum for a split second before I almost blacked out at the intensity, Celina still shrieking, her pussy still squeezing my rock hard cock.
I slowly started to breathe again and took stock. My cock was still buried in Celina's peerless pussy, which was still twitching. I was bent over Celina, and saw marks where my fingers had grabbed her shoulders to pull her deeper. I could feel scratch marks on my back, with little rivulets of liquid – blood? – flowing down them. Celina slowly came back as well, her face and hair matted with Rachel's cum. I had never seen her look more beautiful, and caressed her breasts as I leaned down and kissed her tenderly, feeling her slowly respond.
"Oh god . . . holy fuck . . . " she gasped out. I kissed her forehead and smoothed her hair as best I could. I was dimly aware that we were lying in a huge puddle of cum, and that I was still inside my cum slut's pussy. Oh – right!
Rachel had recovered faster, and was watching intently. She looked greedily at Celina's pussy, still holding on to my cock, and kissed Celina gently.
She started to kiss her way down Celina's still-heaving body, stopping to nuzzle her nipples before continuing down to her stomach, where she eagerly lapped up the pools of juices that had collected there. Gently she kissed her way down to where my shaft entered Celina, slurping any liquid she could find. I slowly let my cock slide from Celina's incomparable cunt, making a variety of sloshing and slurping noises as it withdrew. While I did, Rachel kept on kissing both of us, her tongue flicking up every drop she could find.
I finally slid out of Celina completely, with a sigh from her, and saw Rachel look up at Celina, who simply nodded, her eyes brighter than I would have thought possible after the intensity of her orgasm. Rachel lowered her mouth to Celina's slit and took Celina completely into her mouth. I could see her neck muscles moving as she sucked hard on Celina's cunt. Celina just lay back and lolled, powerless to move. I could hear Rachel slurping our juices out of Celina's pussy, and it was turning me on again – incredible orgasm or not.
I moved behind Rachel, caressing her back as she sucked on her friend's pussy. I felt her get on her knees, pushing her ass in the air, and I found her drenched pussy with my hand, slipping one, then two, and finally three fingers inside her, stretching her tight little cunt. She pushed back against my fingers as she continued eating Celina, and I could see Celina's nipples hardening as her friend ate her out.
Seeing Rachel's ass in the air with three, now four, fingers in her, her pink slit oozing juices, was too much. I moved behind Rachel as Celina watched and exhaustedly nodded. Rachel knew what was coming, between my fingers withdrawing from her snatch and my moving behind her, and pushed her ass against my legs as she felt my cock on her. Amazed that I was erect again, I wasted no time and just slid my cock deep into Rachel's tight young cunt, feeling her back arch as she tried to keep eating her friend's pussy with my again engorged cock buried in her own pussy. She felt, quite simply, heavenly. Amazing pressure and wetness on my cock as I rode her doggy style, almost slipping out of her, she was so wet. There was no way I'd last long, and I didn't, but neither did she, but goddamn it, I was going to blast her young cunt with my cum one more time.
As Rachel tipped over to orgasm, my balls pulsed once again and sent streams of cum deep into her waiting and drenched young cunt. I could feel her pussy spasming, and felt incredible power that I could make her cum so hard so many times. I grabbed her hair and pulled her ear to my mouth as my cock emptied my balls deep inside her, again planting my seed deep in her womb, feeling her pussy again milking every drop.
"This is what being a fuck bitch is like. Do you like it, Rachel? Do you like feeling my cock tearing into your tight young cunt? And feeling my cum shooting inside you? Better get used to it, because we are going to fuck you all summer," I grunted at her as I held her hips against my groin and lowered my head to her ear.
In answer, she reached around for my head and pulled my hair until she could smother my mouth with hers, her tongue flicking about wildly. She slowly released me, took a deep breath, and just said, "Yes."
"Right answer," I said. Celina looked up and smiled at both of us. I gave Rachel's tight cunt a couple more thrusts and then let myself slide out of her with a whoosh as our combined cum dripped out.
Celina was panting as she watched. "That was the hottest thing I think I've ever seen," she said. "Rachel, better get used to it, because there is no way I can handle him alone. And seeing him take you from behind makes me realize what a voyeur I want to be."
I lay down next to Celina and pulled Rachel down on my other side. Turning to Celina, I said "You'll have plenty of chances to watch . . . but I am SO going to fuck you in front of a crowd and make an exhibitionist out of you. Both of you, for that matter," I said, turning to Rachel. She just smiled.
After that, we drank the rest of the water bottles in the room and drifted off to sleep, me flanked on either side by a gorgeous, nude, cum-soaked woman. It had the makings to be a spectacular summer.