For the first time in months I am traveling on my own. After a hot day in Rome I chatted for a while with two of my roommates in the hostel, an Irish couple leaving early in the morning. They downed some sleeping pills and left me to scroll through my phone on the next bed over. An hour or maybe more of wasting time and the door buzzes presenting our final roommate. It is about midnight and due to the darkness I can't see her very well. However, the silhouette of her body clearly betrays her petite stature and shoulder-length hair, leaving much else to the imagination.
I remain motionless as she steps onto the edge of my bed, reaching for something on hers. With most of her form hidden by the bunk bed, including her watchful eyes, I feel free to gaze at her smooth, toned legs, flexing their muscles as she stands on the tips of her toes. They lead upwards to frizzly jeans shorts, ending just below her crotch.
She hops down with a bag of toiletries in one hand, some loose clothing in the other, and heads for the shower. After closing the door I hear her outfit drop to the floor, followed by the sound of rushing water. Inadvertently I start to imagine what she might look like under that hot shower, washing the sweat from a tiring day away and rubbing soap over her youthful skin. How I would run both my hands over her body, carefully exploring all the intimate spots she is now routinely washing, perhaps even bored at their familiarity.
With a cloud of steam she exits the shared bathroom, lit from behind, and I can see the tips of her nipples poking the fabric of her pajamas. The air-conditioned room is way too cold, but as often happens, none of the buttons seem responsive, so I couldn't turn it off when I arrived. Now I am grateful for the stubborn insistence of the machine to cool the room, although she quickly climbs atop her bed and hides under the warm blankets.
I return to my phone, a habit I really should get rid of, but one that is so easy to fall into again and again. Not ten minutes later I realize with a jolt that the bed is subtly shaking. Immediately my heartbeat increases and blood flows down, as I recognise the rhythm of a young woman pleasuring herself. Perfectly attuned to my surroundings I feel the vibration of her hand with all my body, but when I take off my headphones to listen more carefully I must have made a sound, because as suddenly as the fingering started, it now stops.
I remain as still as I can manage. Clearly she is needy and impatient, because after a couple of slow breaths I feel the bed start to vibrate again. With my eyes now used to the dark I can see the changing light on the ceiling, coming from the screen of her phone. My imagination runs wild as it tries to fill in the gaps. What might she be watching while she chases her pleasure? I picture her lying on her side, with her hand between her thighs, and a range of pornography on her phone. Perhaps something intimate and passionate, or maybe more rough and dominating. She could be watching a video of herself with a previous partner, or one made by a hidden camera filming an unsuspecting couple.
Foolishly I frighten her when I turn over on my mattress, and she stops once more. Fired up by my excitement and suffering from a lack of blood in my brain I push my left foot against the bedpost, trying to make it jiggle slightly. Like starting a broken car with jumping cables I notice the results of my work as she returns to rubbing her clit. With this minute establishment of contact I try another tactic. Softly I tap the wood of the bunk bed three times. After a short pause she taps the bed three times as well.
Suddenly I hear a flurry of movement and the rustling of fabric until her hand appears, dangling over the edge of her bed. She is offering me a pink pair of panties, completely soaked through and wet with her juices. I hesitate for a second and then grab them, watching her slender hand disappear. Her pheromones flood my brain as I push them to my face, relishing in the scent of a dripping woman and feeling something feral inside me awaken. I wrap the soft cloth around my hardening cock, slowly pumping up and down while enjoying the damp warmth.
I knock the bed frame again, three soft taps, and eagerly wait for a response. She lets her hand hang down, two fingers straightened and glistening in the faint light of her phone reflecting off the white ceiling. I scramble up and try to look up past the planks of the bed, but only her arm is visible. She patiently leaves it there, right in front me, until suddenly wagging her hand, indicating I should make haste. Fueled by lust I move closer and put both fingers in my mouth, tasting the delicate feminine flavors with my tongue. When I am done she uses them to indicate I should climb up.
Without thinking, I followed the command, clumsily clambering up the short ladder to find her as I had imagined, on her side with her back to me. She covers the side of her face with one hand, clearly protecting her identity, while shushing me to keep quiet. She remains so until I lie down behind her, hiding my face in her slightly curled, fragrant hair, still wet from the shower. Then she grabs my arm and drags it around her, firmly pressing my head against her breasts. They are small but firm, like ripening apricots, but I refuse her offering and instead move my hand down, letting it crawl under her shirt, and back up, to the bare skin of her nipples. I feel them hardening under my touch, enticing me to softly pinch and pull on them. I notice her bite down on one of her hands to suppress a moan, and lower the intensity of my teasing. Instead, wanting more, she pushes her butt against my crotch, now hard as steel and equally eager for more. I return the favour and increase the pressure, nestling my cock between her round cheeks, where it wants to be.
For a minute we squirm like this, seemingly trying to merge as we push our bodies against one another harder and harder. She lowers her hand and I feel her soft skin as she closes it around my erection. Then she squeezes me much stronger, drawing small sounds from my lips, which I try to muffle in her hair. She seems to be testing exactly how hard I am, and surely she won't be disappointed. In response I move my free hand downwards, slowly rubbing her belly, brushing the soft fuss with my fingertips and pushing at the edge of her loose pajamas. I slip under the string that ties them to her waist, teasing the sensitive skin of her thighs. I find no panties, as she tossed them down before, but instead the well kept bush guarding her polished pearl. Grabbing it between two fingers and using her ample wetness to slicken my touch, I start moving them rhythmically, left to right, then up and down. I change my pattern to discern which one she prefers, watching her reactions with every movement she makes. Meanwhile, she slowly moves her hand up and down my hard cock, at some point adding some of her drool to smoothen her work.
Her phone disappeared long ago, and from the neighbouring bunk bed only slow breathing emanates. Perhaps feeling emboldened by the observation, or simply horny beyond control, she opens her legs slightly, pushing my cock between them. I grab her tits to hold on to while she presses down with her warm, thick thighs, slowly massaging the precum out of me. I cannot control myself as I start to fuck that warm gap from behind, very timidly at first, but then increase my pace, not caring about any consequences anymore.
I almost stop when she gyrates her hips, suddenly pushing my moving cock against her shopping-wet entrance, driving it inside to the hilt. She moans against her pillow, but not expecting such a change I suddenly halt. Unbothered she continues the rhythm of sex instead, assuring me all is continuing according to her desires. I grab her hips and continue fucking her tight little pussy from behind.
I feel myself nearing climax and decide to change things up. With my hands firmly on her hips on twist her body, moving her magnificent ass until she is kneeling with her face down against the bed. With long strokes I push my cock as deep as I can, hitting all the right spots and letting my balls slap against her clit with every stroke. She puts both her arms on her back, where I grab them with one hand, using the other the grab fistful of hair damp hair. Careful not to hurt her too much, I push the girl down against the mattress, slamming my hips against her ass as hard as I can, feeling her tight pussy draw me in again and again. Like a machine or an animal I pull her towards me every time I thrust forwards inside her feminity, moving her for my pleasure, only allowing her to moan and flex the muscles deep inside her well fucked cunt.
The only word we share that night, and she whispers it with a certain forcefulness, as if not allowing a refusal. "Please?" And keeping up my rhythm as powerfully as I can, I continue plowing into her depths until nothing can stop the climax that has been building for half an hour now. I collapse on top of her, our sweat mingling on her skin as I grab her hips to push myself as deep is humanly possible. I shoot wave after wave of hot cum into her womb, not caring about her fertility, only enjoying the immense pleasure she has given me. When her own electric orgasm explodes from her satisfied loins, I feel her spasm and contract around me for half a minute, prolonging my own orgasm. She feels the rapid beat of my heart against her back, heaving up and down as she tries to regain her breath after such intense feelings. With my cock still hard but slowly softening inside her, with my arms enveloping her petite form and comforting her tired body, with my lips planting tiny kisses behind her ears and on the back of her neck, we both fall asleep. A deep and long sleep, devoid of dreams.