Normally I hate grocery shopping, but I enjoyed my trips to the market on the island. It was much smaller than stores at home, but the gorgeous assortment of fruits, vegetables, beef, and seafood was amazing, sensual even. The colors and textures were fresh, pure, vivid - delicious to my eyes.
It was day six of my trip. After our unexpected encounter with the stranger on the first day, the six of us had gone our own ways. But tonight we planned to regroup for a dinner party.
I offered to host my new friends this particular evening since the group I had travelled with was leaving on an excursion that would last most of the day and night. I chose not to go, and since the house we had rented was incredible, made for entertaining, it seemed the perfect location.
So here I was, in the market choosing what to make for dinner when his voice caught my ear.
I glanced over my shoulder and saw him at a wine sampling stand. He was struggling with his Spanish as he tried to ask the pretty young store employee about which type to purchase.
A thought came into my mind. A devious thought, and I almost dismissed it. But I couldn't shake it as I watched him out of the corner of my eye, remembering how he had submitted his body to us on the beach. Remembering how his mouth felt, how he tasted. I decided I'd take a risk.
I reached into my bag and found a piece of paper and pen. I wrote the address of my rental house and the words "7:30 pm, SHARP."
With my basket over my arm, I walked toward the stand. He was still trying to ask the girl about wine when I approached, handed him the note, then walked away.
I continued shopping and didn't see him again in the market. It was a long shot, but I couldn't resist making the invitation. Only time would tell if he would show up.
The rest of my afternoon was spent in solitude at the house. Swimming in the pool, then a shower, followed by primping for the dinner party. I chose a dress and put my hair up.
My guests began to arrive and I was happy to see that they had all dressed for the occasion also. The wine flowed and we sat in the outdoor dining area, watching the toucans that gathered in the trees everyday at sunset.
The view of the sun lowering itself into the horizon from here was breathtaking. The ocean, the jungle, the sounds of nature were all peaceful but yet very erotic to me. Especially tonight. Although I didn't expect him to come, the idea that he might heightened my senses.
And at precisely 7:30, I heard the sound of the heavy brass door knock bang three times.
All six of us went into the large foyer and I slowly opened the door. He stood there in the entryway, bottle of wine in hand. He towered over me with a sly grin on his face as he noticed the whole group was there.
I knew he was thinking about how we each tasted, and how we had spanked and tortured him and sucked his cock. But if he was expecting an orgy tonight he would soon learn that my plans were quite different.
"Strip," I commanded.
He turned to look back at the small caretakers' house just across the circular driveway. All the lights were on there.
"Here?" he asked.
"Yes. You cannot enter unless you are nude," I replied.
Glancing back again, then returning his gaze to us, he began to remove his clothes.
"Yes ma'am," he muttered.
He placed his clothing and shoes outside the door and stood before us waiting to be allowed inside.
"Very good," I said. "We are hungry, follow me."
He complied and I lead him into the kitchen where the bounty of food I had purchased at the market was laid out on the dark granite top of the kitchen island.
"You have everything you need here to cook dinner. Get to it."
For a moment he had a confused expression, but soon began locating the cookware and surveying the food to consider what he could prepare.
We sat on the bar stools around the island and at the counter on the far side of the large kitchen, observing him. He fumbled around, not knowing where anything was kept, conscious of the contrast of his nudity to our dressy attire.
Soon we were back to laughing and talking as he moved around the kitchen, chopping and slicing a plate of fresh fruit. He sat the platter before me and started to turn away until I said a stern "no." I opened my mouth and he knew what I meant. He placed a slice of mango on my tongue. "Very good, continue cooking now," I directed.
As he prepared dinner it was obvious he felt our stares as we watched him, whispered and laughed. He focused on his task but his growing cock gave away his arousal.
"I need a refill," said one of the women, holding up her empty wine glass. He picked up an open bottle of merlot and walked to her. She handed him her glass and while he poured the wine she slapped his cock side to side with her hands.
"Nice, you didn't spill a drop," she complimented.
He worked hard to keep our glasses full as he cooked. The task was made more difficult by the fact that he was made to take the longest path possible which always led to another round of touching, stroking and slapping. Not only from the woman he was serving, everyone's hands found his body as he walked by.
When the food was ready he was told to set the table outside. Although there were small strands of lights overhead and candles on the table, I turned all the lights on outside. He moved in and out of the kitchen with plates, utensils, more bottles of wine, and eventually the pans and skillets of food. In the bright lighting we watched him, watched his cock bounce as he rushed from the kitchen to our table and back.
Once everything was set for us and we had begun to enjoy our dinner, I told him he was allowed to eat.
"Make yourself a plate and go over there," I instructed. I had placed a large towel several feet from us on the ground beside the pool for him to sit on.
After we finished eating I told him to clear the table, one placesetting at a time. He came to me first but I instructed him to start to my right and work his way back around. He took her dirty dishes and as he was collecting them, she stroked his cock lightly with her fingertips. The touch made him stop, as though he was expecting more.
I handed her a switch I had trimmed from a tree earlier and placed in the middle of the table. She snapped it across his ass. "Go," she told him. "Don't linger."
He took her dishes inside then returned to the next woman. This time as he reached for her plate she grasped his cock and gave it a quick tug. This made him stop again, instinctively. Again he was switched sharply for the infraction.
The third woman reached between his legs and caressed his balls.
The fourth grabbed and squeezed them.
The fifth used one hand to pull his hard cock up severely and used the other hand to slap his balls.
He struggled to keep moving each time, but could not control the impulse to pause, resulting in more lashes.
When he came back to me I let him gather my dishes unmolested. But as he turned to walk away I reached between his legs and firmly grabbed him by the balls, stopping him in his tracks. With my other hand I reached around his hip and squeezed his cock. I could feel his cock pulsing. Holding him that way, I licked my tongue deeply up the crack of his ass as I pumped his cock with my hand.
"What are you waiting for?" I asked. "The dishes aren't going to get to the sink by themselves."
I released him with instructions to place my dishes in the kitchen and return.
The six of us had moved from the table to seats around the fire pit when he came back outside.
It took a moment for him to realize where we were as I had turned the large lights off.
I told him we would go get some wood from the utility room. He followed me through the house and out the front door.
All the lights in front were on and as chance would have it, the maid had come across the driveway at that moment to collect our laundry, assuming the house was empty. She looked shocked at the site of us. Me in my pretty dress, and him following, naked, his rock hard cock fully exposed for her to see.
Seizing the opportunity, I engaged her with a few questions. Her English was very broken so it was pointless, but I didn't care. It was just an excuse to keep him standing there before her in his uncomfortable state of arousal.
Soon she scurried off, quickly, back to her house and we walked around to the utility room.
The chopped wood was rough and he gathered several pieces into his arms. It was difficult to hold them against his naked skin.
He managed well enough and we walked back to the fire pit. He started the fire and soon red orange flames were lighting his bare body.
We made him dance for us and as he circled the fire pit we would stroke him. His hips, his belly, his ass, his cock.
"How can I serve you?" he asked.
"Oh, you are, just keep dancing," one woman replied.
The dancing, tropical air, and heat from the fire had made him sweat. We watched the droplets run down his back and chest.
"Come and kneel," I told him and he immediately complied, positioning himself in front of my seat. I took a long red silk scarf from the arm of my chair and folded it in half, making sure both sides were even.
I wrapped it around his neck, tying it in the back, securely but loosely. I told him to put his arms up, then bend his elbows so that his hands were behind his head. His face looked troubled, but he obeyed. I tied each wrist with the scarf so that he could move them a few inches but no more.
He was kneeling, sweating, stripped, and now helplessly bound. This binding expanded his chest and made him more exposed than simply tying his hands behind his back. There was no escape. Everyone was thrilled to see such a beautiful strong man so completely at our mercy. But not enough yet...
I took his head in my heads and pulled it into my lap, fitting his elbows under the armrests of my chair. I tied the remaining lengths of scarf to the chair securing him in this position.
I parted my legs so that he could breathe.
Certainly he could smell my pussy through the thin dress and panties. I felt how wet I had become with his face buried and pinned in my lap.
The woman across from me got up and stood behind him. She forced his knees apart so that his balls were hanging exposed between his legs. He groaned and pleaded, "please don't hurt me." He flinched and wriggled and I felt the tip of his cock hit my shin.
"Be still," I told him. "And keep your ass up."
He couldn't see what anyone was doing and had no idea what would happen to him.
Someone had gone inside and brought out a cup full of ice. I took one large cube in each hand and ran them down his back, from his shoulders inward until the cold melting water ran down his ass, across his balls.
The woman to my left took his cock in her hand and pulled to her side. The woman on the right grabbed his balls and tugged her way. He was now fully immobilized.
The other women began touching him and spanking him with their hands and the switch. He groaned and pleaded but his voice was muffled, his face still buried in my lap. He felt all of their fingers exploring and probing him but he could not cum, his cock and balls were still gripped tightly and being pulled to two different sides.
He could feel the fabric of our clothes and their hair brush against him and he wanted to feel their skin. But that was off limits, he was simply our toy to explore.
He began lifting his knees off the ground, pulling against his restraints. He was trying to thrust his hips. "Please let me cum," he begged.
"Stop." I said.
Everyone backed away, releasing him from their teasing, their tormenting, their grips. His body relaxed a bit and I untied the scarf from the chair.
"Lift your head," I told him, and after a moment and a heavy sigh he was sitting up, kneeling before me.
"Now stand," I commanded.
He struggled to get to his feet. His hands were still bound behind his head, his legs were shaky. But he managed, and soon he was standing, his body sweaty and flushed, his cock engorged and red, his balls swollen.
"Good boy," I said. "Let everyone see how good you are."
They had taken their seats again. He stood in front of each woman, one by one, letting them inspect him and enjoy what they had done to him. He begged them all for relief from his throbbing aching state. But they just laughed and smiled.
When he had made his rounds and was before me once again I stood up and untied the rest of his bindings. His arms were free.
I gestured for him to follow me and walked to the table. I slid out of my panties and lifted the back of my dress, leaning forward, resting my elbows on the smooth wood surface.
I told him to place his hands on my hips.
"You get one thrust. Enter me hard and deep and let me feel you cum," I instructed.
I felt his grip tighten on my hips as he placed the tip of his cock against my pussy. He inhaled deeply.
Suddenly he pulled my hips toward him as he pounded his cock violently into me.
"Oh God," he exclaimed as he stood there, still, obedient, not thrusting, buried deep inside my wet pussy.
He felt like fire inside me and I gasped with the intensity.
His cock throbbed as he lost himself in the orgasm, and he moaned as his thighs shook, I knew it was difficult for him to stay still. Overcome, he slid back and trust hard again, and I could feel our cum running down my legs.
And then I heard a commotion from the front door. I stood up and saw my housemates streaming in.
"Go, now." I told him. "Go around the side of the house," pointing to the pathway a few feet away.
He looked stunned but nodded, and quickly disappeared along the dark path.
I found my panties and used them to wipe my legs, finishing just as my housemates reached the messy kitchen and looked out the sliding glass doors where I was standing.
"You guys are back early," I said.
"Yeah, we were hot and tired and just wanted to come back here and swim," one answered. "So what have you been up to?" she asked.
As she stepped toward me I saw that she was holding his clothes and shoes that had been left by the front door.
"Oh, just a dinner party... and I'll take those," I said, giving her a wink.