Miles' Session with Sally
I considered decapitating my alarm clock. Last night's adventure had kept me up well past my normal bed time. Still, I headed for the gym accompanied by a cup of coffee, my tablet pc (to make notes), headphones, and the recording of Monday's session with Theresa. Thankfully, my surmise of the preceding evening was accurate: while the hard exercise dulled my libido I carefully reviewed Monday's session with Theresa.
I returned home to dress. I put on the garters and stockings, a lambskin red leather top, and a black leather skirt. The skirt fell just below my knees. I finished with a pair of ankle boots with a 3 3/4 inch heels. I checked the mirror; I did look good. If the boy wanted leather, he was going to get leather.
After the staff left at 5:00 I checked my hair, freshened my make-up, straightened my outfit, pick up my office, and reviewed my notes. Miles arrived promptly at 5:30. I put down the notes, shook his hand, and directed him to the couch.
He was a good-looking young man. A bit over six feet tall, he shared Theresa's dark complexion and dark hair. Unlike her warm brown eyes, his were hazel. He was well-dressed and well-groomed. He also spent time in the gym; his body was lean with a good muscle tone. I could see why Theresa found him attractive.
There are many problems interviewing teenage boys, starting with their default position: never tell adults the truth. Moreover, even a straightforward teenager often does not have the vocabulary and experience to talk about him or herself. An adult may know his or her anger is a mask for fear or frustration, a teenager may not. I could pierce almost any wall erected by a teenager, but it could take time. I decided to test his honesty immediately.
We exchanged pleasantries and I confirmed he knew why he was here. His mother, it turned out, had related her experiences with me in explicit detail. I asked how he had prepared for our session.
"What do you mean?"
"Who did you talk to or what did you read in order to learn about the session and how you should respond?"
He looked surprised. "How did you know?"
"Why don't you just tell me."
"I have a friend, Scott Stone, his mother is a psychiatrist, Lauren Stone."
"I know Dr. Stone." Lauren Stone was among our community's most respected mental health professionals. While she and I were not particularly close, I had worked with her on several occasions. She was meticulous and detail-oriented. Her appearance reflected her work. While she favored top-of-the-line designers, her clothes were never flashy. She was trim and her make-up and hair always perfect. I also remembered meeting her son, a tall lanky kid who was still growing into his body. He did not have his mother's cool grace. Another image then popped into my mind: Lauren on her knees, not a hair out of place, her make-up precisely applied, jerking off her son until he came, spraying his jism onto her perfectly coiffed face.
Miles was continuing his story. I was able to determine from context what he had been saying during my lapse of attention. After his mother's Friday session he had wondered whether I would want to talk to him. He called his friend Scott and invited himself over. While there he asked Dr. Stone if he could talk to her for a few minutes. She agreed and he told her there was a chance he would be visiting a therapist to address certain family issues. He wanted to know what his spin should be, how he should approach it.
"What did she say?"
"She said if I wanted to fix the problem, I would tell it as straight as I could, including saying I wasn't sure when I wasn't sure. She also warned me that the good ones would know I was spinning it. This meant not only that I wouldn't fool them, but that they would then have to ask themselves whether whatever else I said was, at best, designed to game the system or, at worst, flat-out dishonest. I asked who were the good ones. She rattled off about six names, and said she was sure she was forgetting several others. Yours was one of the names she mentioned."
Inside, I glowed with pride. Lauren Stone did not hand out compliments lightly. Of course, she didn't know how far over the line I had already gone with Theresa. That would, I suspected, rachet me closer to the bottom of her list. If I could get this consultation behind me, I could get back to the straight and narrow.
"So how are you going to play it?"
"Well, Dr. Stone says play it straight, my Mom adores you, and you've already figured out I talked to another shrink, I mean mental health professional. I will do my best to answer your questions."
I had not really said that he had consulted with a professional, my inquiry was more general, but I let it pass. Having a client think you're omniscient can be helpful. I also let the "shrink" thing pass.
"When did you first find Theresa sexually attractive?'
"As long as I can remember I thought I had the prettiest and nicest Mom in the neighborhood. My first explicit memory of seeing her sexually, however, was when I received my driver's license. She had driven me to Department of Motor Vehicles. After I got the license, she said I should drive home. I opened the passenger door for her to get in. She said I was more of a gentlemen then Dad and sat down. Her dress pulled up above her knees and I thought, it seemed out of nowhere, Mom's got great legs."
"What was your reaction to that thought?"
"Its hard to answer that question. I've thought about that moment thousands of times since it happened. I not sure if I remember what I thought or if I only remember what I thought about what I thought. If that makes any sense?"
Actually it did. The research was clear that the more often a person recalled an event, the less trustworthy the memory. The repeated contemplation of an event changes the memory of the event. I also noted that he had passed on an opportunity to tailor the story to his advantage.
"It is probably the right answer," I told him. He seemed relieved.
"Let me ask you a slightly different question. It was two years from the time you remember first seeing your Mom sexually to the time you became lovers. What was your sexual attitude towards her during that time?"
He shifted position. "There were a lot of attitudes -- it depended on the time of day. I spent a lot of time telling myself I was a frickin' perve. I mean, it's weird checking out your Mom. Then I would tell myself if I looked at her often enough she would revert to being my Mom. But part of me knew I was lying to myself, the fact is I just liked to look. But in any case, it was all pointless, you've seen her, she's hot. Looking at her was not going to help.
"I would tell myself it was some weird passing fancy. I actually started to spend more time with her, thinking that hanging with her would move me back to normal. It didn't. I loved her company. After awhile I had to just admit I had a crush on my Mom which I hoped, as you adults like to say, I would grow out of. Not that I would have turned her down if she reciprocated, but she showed no interest."
"Did you consider talking to her about it?"
"No, I was way too chicken for that. The last thing I needed was to tell my Mom I was a pervert. But, still, I paid attention to her and learned what she liked. Mom would drop some hint about what she wanted to do Friday night. Dad wouldn't hear it, but I would. So she and I would end up at some show in the city and Dad would go to bed early. In my head I would pretend it was a date. Like, when we want to the symphony I would spend much of the performance rubbing her neck. But I got no response from her and I'm sure she had no idea what I was thinking. At the end of the evening, in my room, I would imagine that we were still together, that we were lovers and, y'know...."
His voice trailed off.
"Play with yourself?" I suggested.
"Yeah, that."
"It became sort of an ongoing fantasy for me. It was like a crush on a movie star, its fun to think about but you know nothing is ever going to happen, although you wish it would. It probably would have never gotten any further than neck rubs except for that day at the beach."
"Please, go on," I said.
"I had heard them fight the night before and was on the porch when the argument picked up the next morning. I listened to them start and then stayed longer than I should. I guess I spied on them. And while I was not all that experienced, I knew I could be a better lover than Dad. Since her sister had talked about how she loved to dance I had often fantasized about talking her out dancing. I decided to ask her. I figured if she objected I could pretend it was all in fun. I did not really expect, but I guess I hoped, something would come of it."
"How did you feel that night."
"Scared shitless."
"Your mother described a confident guy full of bravado."
"That was the guy from my fantasy. I'd been rehearsing him in my head for months."
"One month into the affair what did you feel about its future?"
I could see he was, at first, reluctant to answer, but he decided to press on.
"I was loving it, but I was sure it couldn't last. On bad days I was convinced Mom would denounce the whole thing as insane, me a sex-loon, and throw me out of the house. On good days I just feared she would quietly, firmly, call it to an end."
"Did that change and, if so, when and why?"
"It did. Looking back, I should have realized right away she was serious about us. After all, she was putting a lot more on the line than I was. But I was mostly focused on my own fears. It was at the company picnic, which she told you about yesterday, that I began to understand that she loved and desired me the same way I loved and desired her. That is when what should have been obvious from the first started penetrating my thick skull."
Throughout the interview I could feel my level of arousal increasing. Dwelling on Theresa and Miles' sex-life was igniting a slow burn between my legs, but the picnic, which Theresa had described the day before, was like adding lighter fluid. I could feel my face flush. I hoped my dark skin would hide it from Miles.
My next question was to determine if Theresa could set limits and, if so, whether Miles could accept them.
"Are there any sexual acts you've suggested to your mother which she's declined?"
He checked his memory. "Three come to mind. There may be more. One of my best friends has long had a crush on her. I said it would make his lifetime if she would let him have some."
"What did she say?"
"Nothing. The look on her face required no words. It was a stupid thing to say, I guess I was just feeling my oats. I shouldn't have asked in the first place. I ain't never going there again."
"The other two?"
"I've suggested threesomes. One with two women, one two men. She didn't flat out turn those down, but said she'd let me know if exactly the right person came along."
The image of me with these two exploded in my head. Would Theresa consider me? I had to ask.
"Has it come up since that time?"
"On one occasion, about a month ago. I suggested a teacher at my school."
"What was her reaction."
"That look again. I figure she'll let me know."
Theresa appeared capable of drawing boundaries and Miles accepting them. I started to wonder why I had thought consent was a serious issue.
We then turned to a general discussion about the affair. My intention here was to gauge his feelings about his mother. Did he genuinely love her? Did he have her best interests at heart? Was he simply mouthing platitudes or were his actions consistent with his words? I came away satisfied. Theirs was an unusual relationship and while it suffered from the trepidations of any romance, I could find nothing inherently abusive or dangerous about it.
I looked at the clock. We had ten minutes left. The thought of letting him go so my fingers could get some personal time with the fire between my legs crossed my mind, but instead I asked, as I should, "Do you have any questions for me?"
He sat back, looked away, and then back at me, his gaze contemplative. He said nothing for a long moment, mulling over whether he should ask, or maybe how to phrase, what was on his mind. I encouraged him.
"Please feel free to say whatever you are thinking."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes."
My permission seemed important to him.
"Okay, when my mother consulted with you last Friday, she thought you were aroused by our story. Is that true? Were you turned-on by her description of the night she and I became lovers?"
My first reaction was surprise. Was I that obvious? The second thought was to tell him it was none of his business. But it was his business. When I decided to continue my therapy with Theresa, and then to include him in it, I had an obligation to disclose any personal reaction that might affect my counseling. And I knew it was affecting my counsel. I had been a bad therapist when I failed to make this disclosure. I would do better now.
Yet, I was still embarrassed. I looked down, averted my eyes from his, and said, "Yes." I was surprised by my voice tone. It was meek, bordering on girl-like.
"Don't look down, look at me."
I looked up.
"Yes, what?" he continued.
"Yes, I became sexually aroused when your mother described the night the two of you became lovers."
"Don't feel bad about it, Doc. Mom told me your reaction helped her out. She was wondering whether her desire was a sickness, just like I wondered if I was crazy when I first became attracted to her. The fact that you found it arousing gave her comfort. It didn't make it right, but at least she knew it wasn't insane."
He had adopted the same breezy manner he had displayed the night he had seduced his mother. I knew it was an act; he had told me minutes ago it was an act. Yet I couldn't resist it. In fact, I welcomed it.
"After the session, did you masturbate thinking about what she told you?"
"Yes."
"Yes, what?"
"Yes, I fingered myself imagining you and your Mom in bed together, as lovers."
"How soon?"
"You mother was probably still in the building when I started to finger myself."
"The forms that Mom and I signed gave you permission to record our sessions. Did you record the sessions with my mother?"
"Yes. I recorded the sessions with your mother." I wanted to look away, but I couldn't break his gaze.
"Have you listened to the recordings?"
"Yes."
"For professional or prurient reasons?"
"Both."
"Did you masturbate while you did so?"
"Yes. I fingered myself while listening to the recordings."
I could feel the blood engorging my breasts. I looked down. The dress would hide my stiff nipples, but I had no doubt he understood the effect of our conversation on me. Moreover, the act of confessing was somehow liberating. My improper conduct and lewd thoughts were public, I could no longer protect myself by pretending they did not exist.
Miles must have caught my gaze wandering to my breasts. He said, "You have beautiful breasts. Take off your blouse and bra."
I knew I should say no, but wanted to say yes. Instead, I said nothing. I stood, unbuttoned and removed the red leather top, and turned my back to him so he could undo my bra. I let it fall to the floor. I turned back. He took a breast in each hand.
"Nice and firm." He lightly stroked the nipples, sending shivers through my body.
"Did you play with these when you listened to the tape?"
"Yes, I made love to my tits with my hands. I also sucked and licked them."
"What is your favorite part of the tape? Is there a moment when you like to cum?"
His hands, fondling my breasts, his fingers, caressing my nipples, were sending shockwaves through me. I wallowed in the sensations.
"When you asked your Mom who owned her cunt. That's my favorite moment. That's when I like to push myself over the edge."
"Well, Doc, does a good therapist turn her sessions into private pornography?"
"No." My voice was meek, playful, seductive. "I must be a bad therapist."
"Did the naughty therapist listen to yesterday's recording and play with her hot pussy?"
The need to confess to this man overwhelmed me. It felt good to tell the truth, reveal the hidden me. The nasty words I was using were like spoons stirring the burning fury between my legs.
"I was naughty then too. I stroked my pussy over and over again, listening to Theresa describe how you shoved your fat dick up her ass. I knew it was wrong, but I so-wanted to be bad. I'm a bad little girl and a bad little therapist. Are you mad at me?"
He didn't answer my question. Instead he asked, "Is the bad little therapist wearing her garters?"
"Yes, she is."
"What kind of therapist wears sexy lingerie at her client's request?"
"A nasty one, a naughty one."
He reached behind me and lowered the zipper that ran down the back of the skirt, not far enough for the skirt to fall off, but far enough to slip his hand down its front.
"What kind of therapist tells her client he can't see her garters, but doesn't tell him he can't feel them?"
It is hard even now, years later, to describe how all of this felt to me. A week before I would have said it was impossible that I would be behaving this way. However, instead of being disgusted, it felt liberating to hear myself say these things. It was like a true me, a buried me, was emerging.
"A nasty naughty slutty therapist."
His hand only briefly checked my garters before it plunged into my panties and to my thighs. He then followed the juice coating my leg back to its source and found the opening of my vagina. I had to grab his other arm to steady myself, leaning my forehead against his shoulder. I liked the strong muscles in his arm.
"You are a sopping wet cunt."
"I am a sopping wet cunt."
He held the walls of my labia together, trapping my clitoris inside. He slid his fingers up and down, stimulating, but never directly touching, my clitoris. I had to hold onto him to maintain my balance. I wanted him to apply more pressure and reached down to try to push his hand harder against me. He was too strong, I couldn't move him.
I heard myself babbling. "You know how to take care of horny sluts like me, don't you baby. Your Mom says you're a great fuck. I need you to take care of me. I'll do whatever you want. I want to be your slut, make me your slut, please. Bad little girls like me need to be taught a lesson."
My breathing was becoming erratic and I was moaning.
The tips of his thumb and index finger pressed the lips of my labia together, applying direct pressure on my trapped clitoris. I pulled my hand from his and placed it on his chest in order to keep from falling. I was breathing hard and heavy. I kept babbling, but sentences were beyond my ability. "Baby, so good baby, so good, shit, fuck, oh yeah, oh yeah." I was humping my hips against his hand.
Then he stopped. He sat in my chair. "Suck my cock, slut."
I fell to my knees before him, unbuckled his belt, pulled it off, and threw it behind me. I unbuttoned his pants and undid his zipper. I could feel his hard cock against my hand; had his mother described it accurately?. He lifted himself from the chair and I pulled his pants and boxers down. I started to reach for his manhood when he said, "Stop." I did, but I looked at him, panting, my eyes begging for permission.
"I would be more comfortable with my pants completely off."
I started yanking his pants down, but was making limited progress. It took me a few seconds to realize he still had his shoes on. God, I had to be a smarter slut than this. I undid his shoes and pulled them off. I dragged his pants and boxers over his feet.
I turned back to his thing. It was as beautiful as his mother had said. I wrapped my left hand around it. While my hands were slightly larger than Theresa's, its girth still amazed me.
"I've never seen an uncircumcised penis. Its beautiful."
I pumped it a few times. I heard him groan.
"That's a good slut."
I pulled myself closer, just to gaze at it. The power of its raw strength flowed through my hand, through my body, to my pussy. I pumped it a few times and a thick liquid emerged from its head. I stuck out my tongue and tasted some. It was yummy. Some more came out. This time I scooped it up with my lips. Screw expensive Italian restaurants; this was fine dining. His deepened breathing told me he had no objection to my serving myself.
I remembered the vein his mother described running along the underside of his cock. I lowered my body, while lifting his tool upwards. I saw it. I took my tongue and licked its entire length. The way he gripped the arms of my chair and the new drop of pre-cum that dripped from his shaft told me he liked it.
"Slut's thirsty, you don't mind. Do you?"
"If you can get it out, you can drink it."
"Slut says thank you."
I gathered the drop in my mouth.
I again pushed his thing upward, returning my eyes to that vein. I held his cock in my right hand, kneeling before it. This time, when my tongue licked from the vein's base to the head of his penis, I applied as much pressure as I could. I was rewarded with an appreciative groan and a thin smear of pre-cum on the head of his shaft. I took the face of his cock in my mouth and collected my reward.
I decided to further explore my first uncircumcised penis. I pulled the foreskin down and watched the head of his rod emerge from its cocoon. My churning cunt pulsed and I let out a breath of air. I thought how much I liked this, maybe I should have left my son this way. After I pulled the foreskin away I leaned forward and buried my nose in it. I loved it's dark musky smell. I pushed myself up from my knees, letting his cock fall between my breasts, which I gently rubbed together, further stimulating him. I licked each of my nipples, pulled his foreskin back, and rubbed the head of his penis against the areola, mixing my spit with his pre-cum.
I knelt back down and with my tongue and lips explored the circumference of his penis where his foreskin was attached. I loved its dusky taste. I licked up and down its length, making sure I tasted each spot. I even tried playing it like a harmonica, but its girth made this near impossible.
By now he had slumped back in my chair. His hips were jerking up and down to no pattern I could discern, making my lollipop increasingly difficult to lick. I was about to take him in my mouth when, anticipating me, he said in a low gaspy voice, "Suck me," grabbed my head with both hands, and steered it to his cock.
I needed no more encouragement. Grabbing his staff with my right hand to steady it, I sank my mouth over the head of his penis. My mouth was awash with saliva; I was having a Pavlovian reaction to his manhood. I had only two other men in my mouth before, but this thing seemed bigger than both of those combined. I decided to give my jaw time to adjust and directed my attention to the head of his cock.
While I frigged his staff with my hand, I clamped my lips around the top. I took only a couple of inches in my mouth, focusing on what seemed the most sensitive parts of his penis. While doing this I used my tongue to lather the head of his instrument, alternating among the specific spots that drew the loudest groans and the places that made his cock jump and twitch. I moved my head in a circle, carefully covering my teeth with my lips, allowing him to explore the entire interior of my mouth.
My teasing of his cockhead was getting to him. The pre-cum leaked out at an increasing pace, mixing with my saliva. He put a hand on the back of my head and started to saw his thing into my mouth.
"Damn, Doc, you're a natural born cock-sucker. You like my fat cock, Dr. Slut? You want some more?"
I had no answer other than a "Mpfff...," and a slight affirmative nod of my head.
He started to push his thing into my face. He was not rough. First an inch, then two, then three, as my jaw stretched to accept this invader. I continued to use my tongue to lash at his pole, while increasing the intensity of my sucking. Soon, my cheeks were concave and the sound of my slurping filled the room. He then, unexpectedly, nudged deeper into my face. His cock banged against the entrance of my throat. My nose bumped my fist, which was still frigging his shaft. I slipped my hand further down to his testicles. He jammed his thing into my mouth again. His pubic hairs tickled my nose and I started to gag. He let go of the back of the head and I pulled back, gasping for air.
I gazed at him, wondering what I must have looked like with his cock stuffed in my face. The image warmed my already overheated pussy and throbbing clit and I had a sudden realization. I loved sucking cock. I loved having a man's hard thing buried in my face. I pulled on his cock with my left hand, desperate to get it back in my mouth. With my right hand I continued to explore his testicles.
"Please, please, I need it back," I begged
"Never had one this big before, have you Doc,' he asked.
Still panting, "No," I admitted.
"It takes awhile to get used to it. Take a breather."
I wanted to argue with him, tell him that a slutty therapist like me didn't need a breather, but he seemed to understand. "Doc, you're doing great."
I turned my attention to his scrotum. I had never really paid attention to a man's balls before. Now I marveled at their beauty and fecundity. This is where he kept the semen I was so desperate to drink or, thinking of my digression to Dr. Stone, have sprayed on my face. My gorgeous son had grown from one of these. Each testicle seemed as big as an apricot. I leaned down and kissed them. He emitted a soft moan and I looked up; he had sunk back into the chair, his eyes closed, his face passive.
I turned back to his balls. I gently licked each one. He jerked. "Careful, careful," I thought. I grasped his shaft, caressed its length, and turned back to his ball sac, kissing and licking it. Having throughly drenched it with my saliva, I gently took one of his testicles into my mouth. There I let it sit on top of my tongue. I sucked on it, using my tongue to massage its bottom and my cheeks to delight its sides. I opened my eyes and saw his cock looming before me; I enjoyed the sensation of being completely enveloped by his sex.
His breathing was once again becoming ragged. I released the testicle from my mouth. I licked the length of his cock, bottom to top, and gave his sac another thorough tongue bath. I then took the other testicle in my mouth. My face was buried in his groin and I reveled in the powerful scent of his manhood. Did my son smell like him? Could a girl live on the taste and smell of a man's cock?
I gave this testicle the same attention I had the other one. By the time I pushed it from my mouth with my tongue, I was ready to drink his cum. I had become intimate with where his jism was made, now I wanted to enjoy its sticky sexy taste.
I kneeled up again, taking his shaft in both my hands. He looked into my eyes and through labored breath said, "Doc, you are going to have to teach that trick to Mom."
I had not thought the need between my legs could become any more intense, but the notion of sharing this young man with Theresa sent me to a higher plateau. I envisioned both of us kneeling before him, our naked sweaty bodies pressed together, worshiping his magnificent tool. I took one of my hands and plunged it into my skirt, finding my clitoris. It wasn't going to take much to push my oversexed body over the edge.
Then I heard him. "Uh, uh, uh, before you can do yourself, you need to do me." I didn't need any more incentive, but if I had that would have been it. I stopped frigging myself.
I aimed his cock at my mouth and took the plunge. I was not going to take my time. I bobbed my head, taking about four inches in my mouth, then pulling back until the head of his tool was between my lip. My tongue made love to whatever part of his cock was nearby and my constant moaning, which could be heard over the sucking sounds, made clear my lust. My right hand stayed at the base of his cock, jerking him off in time with my mouth. My other hand focused on massaging his testicles and ball sac.
I looked up. His eyes were shut tight; he was lost in the pleasure I was bringing him. His hand found the back of my head, controlling my movement. He started rocking his hips with increased urgency. I ceded control to him. The head of his penis was banging against the back of my mouth and the opening to my throat. I focused on relaxing and suppressing my gag reflex. His balls tightened up; he was ready to cum. I scooped some of the juice that was spilling from my pussy and, using it as a lubricant, slipped my index finger inside his anus to stimulate his prostrate. With the thumb of my other hand I put pressure on the channel through which his sperm would geyser.
In response to my movements he opened his eyes and saw me staring at him.
"Drink my cum, you slut, whore, cunt, bitch..."
His balls further tightened and he came. My thumb blocked the flow of semen for just a beat or two, drawing out and lengthening his climax. My mouth filled with his sperm and a bit dribbled between my lips. The rest I held in my mouth. I swirled my tongue through it, savoring its flavor.
He looked at me, "Swallow."
I did. I then used my fingers to gather a few drops from my lips and chin and sucked them down. A girl could live on this stuff.
I kept my eyes on him as I once again reached for my pussy. He nodded, granting permission, and I found my clit. I has no intention of being gentle. With one hand I pulled up its hood. I placed a knuckle firmly on the bud. My body aflame, I attacked it.
His words spurred me on. "Play with your cunt you magnificent slut. What a turn-on! A beautiful accomplished woman, dressed in a two thousand dollar outfit, a queen of society, reduced to jerking off before a teen-age boy. What would your society friends say? Would they recognize the horny crazy slut kneeling before me?"
He went on and on. I was lost in his words and my sensations. Shuddering clenching spasms gripped me and I exploded, screaming, "Fuck, shit, damn, pussy, cock, cunt, fuck, fuck, fuck....." It was the most powerful orgasm I'd ever experienced. My body shook while juice poured from my pussy.
Too weak to hold myself up, I slumped forward against his legs, gasping for breath.
As my senses returned, I saw his semi-erect thing before me. There were a few drops of dried cum on it. I leaned forward, slipped my lips over its head, and gobbled them down. I pulled back and prepared to take more into my mouth. I could feel it getting hard again.
"That's enough pretty lady, I promised to save some for Mom."
He pulled me into his lap, where I happily sat, his left arm curled around my back and my head resting on his shoulder.
"That was the sexiest thing that's ever happened to me," I told him.
Dissolving in the comfort of his arms, we exchanged a series of long lazy slow kisses. I could feel his cock becoming erect again and reached down to encourage it along. I wanted another crack at that thing. He took my hand in his, restraining me, "As I told you pretty lady, I promised to save some for Mom."
I put both arms around his neck, "Did you and your Mom plan all this?"
"No, but after listening to her raving about the smartest, sexiest, classiest, most beautiful and wisest woman she'd ever met, I was half-in-love with you myself. I told her if she went on any longer she might talk me into cheating on her. She told me I would be crazy not to, but she'd forgive me if I told her all the details.
"I do need to correct her about one thing," he added.
"Which is?"
"She's still the sexiest."
I turned to look this beautiful young man square in the face. How had I ever wondered whether Theresa had chosen the right lover? I leaned toward him, kissing the middle of his mouth.
"I need you to deliver a message to your Mom."
"What is it, Dr. Barry?"
Back to Dr. Barry, no more Doc or cunt or slut.
"I think at this point you can call me Sally."
"Yes, Sally."
"You tell your mom," I ran my tongue from the center of his mouth to the right, taking a moment to explore the corner of his mouth, "that her therapist...."
I brought my tongue back to the center of his mouth and ran it in the other direction. When I reached the corner I found his tongue waiting for me. Our tongues teased each other.
"wholeheartedly..."
I kissed an eye.
"endorses...,"
I kissed the other eye.
"nay, prescribes...."
I kissed his nose and then whispered in his ear, "an affair with her son."
As we dressed he assured me she'd want to hear the news from me. I was glad. I looked forward to telling her. I let him know that her appointment for the following day was still on. He walked me to my car and we got in one more sweet kiss before parting.
* * * *
As I was pulling out of the parking lot I turned by cell phone on. There was a message from Robert. I rang him back. I got him during a short break from a meeting; he could talk for only a few minutes. He had read the newspaper article covering last night's meet and asked me to congratulate my son. I said I would. He had a quick update for Saturday's party. I could hear voices in the background trying to get him back into the meeting. I told him the rest of the conversation could wait.
"Well this can't, I love you."
"I love you too," I replied. And although I was still savoring the taste of another man's seed in my mouth, the problem was that I did.
I contemplated my situation the rest of the way home. I had achieved what I had dreamed about as a girl: a successful career, a place in society, a sterling reputation. My beau was a pillar of the community who treated me with respect and love. There was not a thing I wanted that I could not buy and not a door closed to me that I wanted open.
The last week had exposed a side of me I didn't know existed. It wasn't just that I cheated on Robert, half the society woman I knew had men on the side. My problem is that I had no idea where the limits of my new found sexuality ended, or if there was an end. I could get away with a discrete affair; I could not if I dragged my son's swim team in for an orgy. And I couldn't be sure I wouldn't if given the opportunity. I wanted to find a way to blame Theresa, but it wasn't her fault. She was a wonderful woman who had come to me for help. The new found me was exactly that, me. My final session with Theresa was tomorrow. If I could get through it I could take a few days off to see if I could pull myself together.
* * * *
I arrived home at 7:00 P.M. There was a note from my son:
"I'll be home about 7:20. Got a big test tomorrow. Meant to ask if you could spend some time quizzing me, but forgot. If you can great, if not all my fault. Love."
Fish and broccoli were the evening's meal. I turned the heat on under a pot of water to steam the broccoli. I went to my room, peeled off my clothes, and threw them on the bed -- I would hang them up later — and put on a sweat shirt, sweat pants, and pair of sandals. I heard my son come in. He poked his head in the door.
"Did you get my note? Sorry about the late notice."
"We've got plenty of time. Dinner won't take long. I was going to saute catfish in a little oil and steam some broccoli. It shouldn't take more than fifteen minutes. After that, I'm all yours."
His eyes turned to the bed. He gestured to my leather ensemble. "Hot stuff, you wore that today?"
"Yeah, I was feeling kinda sexy this morning."
"You're kinda sexy every morning. Your guy clients must have appreciated it."
He pointed to the garters, panties, and stockings, which were a black heap on the bed. "What's that?"
I swallowed before answering. "I wore a garter belt and stockings today. I told you I was feeling sexy."
Could he see my obvious discomfort?
"Oh, I guess I've only seen them on models in a catalog, not in a pile on a bed. I didn't recognize them. I didn't know you wore such fun underwear." He paused and then, eyes curious, continued. "Is this it, or do you have anything else?"
"I bought something else the other day."
"I'd like to see it."
I should shut this conversation down. I didn't.
"It's hanging in the closet."
"No, see it on you. It ain't gonna be sexy hanging on a hanger. It will be sexy on a beautiful woman."
I had to stop this. "You don't want to see your mother in lingerie," I weakly protested. That was the best I could do?
"Actually, I do. I will get my school books out and prepare dinner. See you in a few minutes."
I went to the closet and looked at the ensemble.
Well, it wasn't that evocative. It wouldn't be like my tits would be hanging out. In fact, it was less revealing than the bathing suit I had worn last Sunday. My son was no innocent; the look on Katie's face when he had left her at the door last night confirmed what I had long suspected, they were sexually involved. It would be nice to try it on before Robert saw it.
I put in on. The bustier went to my waist, leaving about two inches of exposed flesh above the panties. Spaghetti straps ran over my shoulders. The front of the bustier was made of satin, which formed a tee shape that ran from the waist to my breasts and shoulders. There was a small red heart at the "V" of the neck line. The rest of the bustier, which covered my sides and back, was a fine mesh. My skin was visible through it. The outfit revealed more cleavage than I had anticipated: the top of the bustier ran about an inch above my nipples.
The panties were essentially a black triangle held on my a white strap that ran around my waist. It featured a small red heart matching the one on the bustier. The triangle barely covered by sex. I could see a few pubic hairs poking out the side. I tried to push them back in, but it was pointless. They were hardly visible. I thought my son wouldn't notice. I did made a mental note to trim myself down there before I saw Robert. It was a good thing I had tried it on.
The garter straps ran from the bustier to the black stockings. I turned my back to the mirror and looked over my shoulder. My butt was essentially exposed. It was about the same as wearing a thong. I experimented with various shoes before settling on a black four inch heel with a white accent and strap across the toes, leaving the sides and back of my feet exposed. I fixed my hair and applied some make-up.
When I got to the kitchen my son was not there. He had cooked dinner; that was clear from the pleasant aroma. The skillet and pot were sitting in the sink. Then I heard him shout, "Mom, come on out." I went to the door that led to the pool, which was left open. He was sitting at a table under a canopy, school books ready and two places set for dinner. He had poured me a glass of wine.
I leaned out the door, "Honey, I can't go outside like this."
"Sure you can, no one will be able to see you under the canopy."
"Yes honey, but I need to walk to the canopy and," pointing to some nearby homes, "you can see me from some of those upstairs windows."
He surveyed the windows and waved me forward. "Don't worry, they're all bedrooms and it's too early to go to bed. Now come on."
I looked around. He was probably right. I started walking towards him. Right before I got to the canopy he said, "Stop. I want to check you out in natural light. Turn around."
Glancing at the neighboring homes, still afraid I might see a face in one of the windows, I did as he asked.
"Damn, you look good. You certainly make that outfit look hot. I hope it's not wasted on Robert."
Gloomily, I thought to myself, it probably will be. He was unlikely to rip it off me and fuck me til the sun comes up.
I started to turn back around when he told me to hold my position a bit longer. I glanced at the mirror I had used last Friday to see where he was looking. There was no question this time, his eyes were feasting on my all but naked ass. I could feel my nipples stiffen and my pussy getting wet. Luckily, the bustier would hide the former and the panty's dark color the latter.
"Okay, honey, I'm glad you like it. I'm going back inside and change."
"No, come here and sit down. It will test my concentration. If I can focus on my schoolwork while you're wearing that, I know I'll ace the exam tomorrow."
I was about to argue with him when I thought a saw a curtain move in one of the windows. I scooted under the canopy and sat down.
We prepared for his examination. Sometime during the course of the evening he propped a foot on the edge of my chair. I moved it to my lap and massaged it. I asked for his other foot and completed the job. After ninety minutes he had the material down cold. Night having arrived, there was no trouble walking back to the house. I took his hand in mine and we admired the night sky. He returned his school books to his room and helped me clean up the kitchen.
"I forgot to thank you for cooking dinner," I told him.
"No problem. I should thank you for all the help with the schoolwork, especially since I gave you no notice."
"You know, I'd do anything for you honey."
We cleaned the last dish, our final act before heading for our bedrooms. I stepped back, presenting my lingerie clad body one more time. I found I was no longer shy about displaying myself to him.
"So, you think the old lady still has it?"
"You want a serious answer?"
"Yes."
He didn't respond right away. Instead, his eyes meticulously examined my body. He then asked me to turn around. I did. I couldn't see him, but he was taking his time, looking me over. He took a step towards me, his left hand coming to rest on my ass.
"You're a beautiful woman. The hours you've spent in the gym and taking care of yourself have paid off, you have an amazing body. Tight and hard and sexy."
I could feel his fingers moving against my behind.
"If Robert sees you in these and doesn't spend the next several hours worshiping you, ask him to visit with me. I'll have a talk with him."
I turned and hugged him. God, he had a great body. I moved to kiss him, only at the last second averting my intentions from his lips to his cheek. I pushed my breasts into his chest and found his cock with my abdomen. There seemed to be the beginning of an erection there, but I couldn't be sure.
"Thank you, honey."
In my room I washed my face and then stared at myself in my full length mirror. With music playing in my head, I danced and stripped. I imagined Robert's appreciative stares at my performance. When I finished I jumped into my bed, fingers massaging my breasts and exploring my sex. I would not need to listen to a recording of a session with Theresa tonight. Instead, I pictured Robert, inspired by my strip tease, mounting me to fuck me. Except, of court, it was not Robert I envisioned, it was my boy. And in my imagination, my boy could fuck and fuck and fuck.