The smack of the ball on the hardwood and the groans from spectators around me pulled my thoughts back. They had been drifting, as they did each time Megan and I attended one of these games, into the lewd territory that only a man observing a dozen college girls in tight, short uniforms will stray into. I hated these games. I loved them. I hated how much I loved them. The whole season had been like this, so I knew what to expect. What I was not prepared for was that my wife, Megan, was getting nearly as much out of these matches as I was -- if not more.
When our daughter, Rebecca, told us -- accidentally I might add -- that she had joined a club volleyball team, Megan insisted we show her our support at every single match. Becky's face had told me that was exactly why she wished to keep her extra-curricular activity a secret. We were hosting Becky and her best friend -- now our tenant -- Emily for dinner, as we did every Sunday night, when Megan lamented the lack of university activities the girls were involved in. In an attempt to prove her mother wrong, and aided in the attempt by the half-bottle of wine she had already consumed, my daughter shot back that her club volley team was doing quite well so far "thank you very much." Emily had laughed at the excited noise that escaped Megan at that instant. Of course, I knew the instant Becky made eye contact with me, that she was dreading the unconditional love and support Megan would douse her with. This was the pattern whenever Becky picked up a new hobby: Megan would insist that every effort be made to support her -- every birthday and Christmas present would be devoted to it -- until the deluge of attention made Becky abandon the enterprise altogether. It was well-meaning, but it was detrimental nonetheless. I resolved to head Megan off at every turn I could. After all, Becky was a young woman now and off to university. She needed to take the reins of her own interests. Megan couldn't be the doting mother anymore.
So here we sat, as we had at every single game since that dinner, unconditionally supporting Rebecca as we had throughout her whole life. I sighed internally and resolved to draw the line at a volleyball-themed Christmas. Maybe. At least the "season" -- it really only lasted two months, and we had missed the first two weeks -- was about to finish. This was technically some sort of semi-final, with the winner going on to the championship and the loser still playing another game in a type of consolation match. Of course everyone got medals for participating; typical of this sort of thing.
Again the ball slammed into the hardwood on Rebecca's side of the net, and I saw Megan's hands rise in the air, accompanied by an exasperated groan. I honestly couldn't say who was winning, and I resolved to pay more attention as I watched Rebecca pick herself up off the gymnasium floor after laying out for the save. My hands came together and applauded her effort even as Megan cried out some sort of advice from the volleyball coaching manuals she had recently taken to reading over breakfast. It all escaped me, and my concentration was not helped at all by the two huddles of fit, scantily clad college girls that formed on either side of the net in preparation of the next point. My eyes fixed on the tight blonde ponytail that dipped to the middle of Emily's back, hitting just at the hem of her "uniform" -- really just a color-coordinated sports bra -- before my gaze trailed down to the tight, tiny black booty shorts that perfectly showed off her toned ass.
Yes, Emily was on the team too. It made so much sense when I learned that; it accounted for her late schedule and the need to shower each night. It had been nearly three months since she moved into our studio apartment, and her nightly showers has been consistent since the first night. Her routine was fixed, and so was mine. Each night, after Megan drifted to sleep, I would slink off to my library, conveniently sharing a wall with the bathroom of Emily's studio apartment, and listen greedily to my daughter's best friend bring herself to climax under the steaming water. No matter how many times I had resolved to stop this highly questionable habit, I still found myself pumping my cock to her sounds and shooting one or more hot loads of semen all over my fist. Over the last few weeks, my routine had developed an epilogue as well. Each morning, I would rise before sunup, don my running shoes, and time my morning jog to finish at 6:20 precisely; just as Emily got out of the shower. She had the regrettable habit of leaving her window shades wide open each night before she went to bed, so my slow -- alright, very slow -- walk back down the lane to our driveway was treated to the show of Emily bent over the vanity in her bathroom, fully illuminated, fully naked, doing her hair and makeup for the day. From her long blonde hair, to her impossibly firm C-cup breasts, to her slim waist, her toned tight ass, and her long lithe legs, I saw it all. I drank her in each morning. From the blood pounding in my temples after the run, my imagination running over all the things I could do to that beautiful girl, and my hand inevitably in the pocket of my running shorts, I never failed to sport a raging hard on by the time I walked back into the kitchen.
"So, do you see her...?" Megan's grip on my thigh brought me back to reality just in time to hear her whispered question. I sighed internally, dragging my gaze from Emily and making a show of running my eyes over the opposing team's huddle.
To explain my helplessly hard cock to Megan each morning -- she would be up and reading over her coffee by the time I came back -- I had given a half-truth, which inevitably developed into a full lie. I had invented a fellow jogger, a generic college-age girl who would pass each morning wearing as little as possible. This mystery woman -- or so I told Megan -- would provoke my imagination and lead me to pitch the tent that was so obvious in my shorts. What happened then, to my continued shock and awe, was that Megan would rise from the kitchen table, tease me about being so turned on by this girl, and proceed to suck my cock, asking about all the things I imagined doing to her, until I finished in her mouth. Megan loved it. She had always been rather submissive, but we never experimented with "spicing things up" until Rebecca moved out. On the third of these mornings, I finally asked her what it was all about, watching as she slowly scooped my load off her face and into her mouth, one finger at a time. She had to think about it.
"Well..." she finally said, "I was -- and I guess still am -- a pretty jealous person... I'm jealous of you at least... so when you came in with that huge hardon a few days ago... I don't know... when I made you finish thinking about me before Becky..." This was true, and I regretted it. I hated to think that Megan might not know how beautiful she was to me even after the years. I braced myself. "I... well... I guess I started thinking about how we must have looked when we... you know... fucked... back then... you, young and strong and full of passion, and me tight and fit and down for anything... it was -- it is -- hot... so when you see this girl running, I guess I think of how you saw me back then... I... please, Jon don't think this is weird... I think about how you'd look with a tight young thing wrapping her legs around you... it's kind of just an extension of thinking about how we looked... but also... it's not?... I actually am thinking about you... with her... with someone else... and it's hot... I think that's it... it's hot..."
I pulled her to her feet, kissed the mess I made all over her lips, and told her that she was the most amazing woman on the planet. I meant it. Since then, I had teased her just as much as she did me. I talked about how that girl would feel on my cock, how she would look orgasming on it, how Megan would be so wet watching, how she could suck my cock like this after I was done to clean it off. The only thing I held back was that I was not thinking of some mystery girl as I described these things to her; I was thinking of Emily Miller, Rebecca's best friend and the tenant living in our attached studio apartment. When I painted Megan's face, or unloaded down her throat each morning, I was imagining Emily's face, or how her body would twist as I unloaded inside her. Megan did not know this, though, so she was intent on finding our who this girl was and just what she looked like. These volleyball matches were perfect opportunities to quiz me on who, if anyone, looked familiar.
So I scanned the huddle. Of course, this was not a sacrifice as each of these young women was gorgeous and wearing nearly nothing. Most were tall, lithe, with firm asses and small breasts. As they bent in to listen to their captain, they showed off just how short their shorts were; it was no surprise to me that half the audience was composed of young men. When I commented on this to Rebecca following the first match we attended, she rolled her eyes and assured me that they were all friends, boyfriends, members of the boys' league that played right after them, or a few that were "dragged into it" by their friends. "Dragged." Sure. It was easy to tell the members of the boys' teams; they were a head taller than the rest, clearly in fantastic shape, and seemed to be watching the game analytically, rather than purely for the aesthetics. I saw one of them eyeing Rebecca's team, however, and nudge his friend, saying something that caused him to look over and smirk. My cock stirred as I made a point of turning my attention back to the opposing team, looking closely at a shorter, curvy brunette. I felt Megan's grip tighten as she noticed. "No... never mind... not her..." I muttered to myself just loud enough for Megan to hear. Her grip relaxed as the huddles broke and the game resumed.
My attention wavered, split between trying to follow the game and watching -- while not appearing to watch -- the way Emily's body moved when she played. I never realized how athletic she was, but she prowled the court like she owned it. While Rebecca was technically the team captain, it was clear who everyone, Rebecca included, took their cues from. As the team mounted a rally, Emily paced the hardwood, jumping to spike the ball, diving for saves, and showing off the lithe, toned body that I lusted over. As she adjusted the hem of her sports bra, I thought about how those firm, perfect breasts looked through her window each morning. As she laid out for a save, I watched her ass flex in her shorts, thinking about how it would feel to grip and spread those tight cheeks apart. As I watched her pull her hair back again into a tight ponytail, I imagined how my load would look roped across her gorgeous face.
I wasn't the only one enjoying the match. The boys that packed the stands were sitting up straighter, watching Rebecca's team pull back into the lead. More accurately, I suspected, they were watching Emily pull the team back into the lead. My eyes darted over to the two in the front row who had been eyeing the team earlier. Their heads seemed to follow the payers rather than the ball, and I tried to determine the object of their gaze. At first, I assumed they were watching Emily as well, but my heart skipped a beat when I saw where their focus was really trained. Rebecca. The taller of the two whispered something to his friend, and they both laughed loudly. My stomach knotted and boiled with something between disgust and rage, but this was not the time or place. Instead, I bit my tongue and tried to focus again on the game. Despite my efforts, I now couldn't tear my attention from my daughter and her admirers. Rebecca, I couldn't help but notice, was almost the polar opposite of Emily. She was shorter -- as Emily had teased her many times as they grew up -- and less lithe. Becky was still in fantastic shape. Our family had always preached good diet and regular exercise, and I watched with pride as she moved untiringly around the court. Nevertheless, Becky filled out her uniform more than Emily, with a smoother, softer tummy where Emily had toned abs. Her breasts were much smaller -- as Emily had also teased her many times -- barely a B-cup, but her backside was much larger -- as Becky had in turn often teased Emily. I watched my daughter's shorts ride up, and saw how her rear jiggled and bounced with each step. I knew the boys on the bench must be watching the same thing.
"Jon Lewis... something has your attention." Megan whispered in my ear as her hand lightly grazed my crotch. My thoughts had run away with themselves, and my cock was hard as a rock. I looked over, petrified, to see Megan trying -- and failing -- to suppress a mischievous smirk.
"Dirty old man..." she whispered as she leaned in close to me, pretending to look for something in her purse. "Are these girls making it... hard... to concentrate on the game?... are you thinking about things you shouldn't?... about those things you say to me before breakfast?... you know... that girl on the other team... that you were ogling earlier... shewouldlook good under you... or over you... just something else to think about..."
I was at a loss for words. What had I been thinking about? Was I imagining that short brunette under me? Or was it over me? Was I thinking about her with her face between Megan's legs? Megan's hand on my jeans had driven any cohesive thoughts into the ether, and I was awash in a collage of filthy thoughts. She was right. I knew that. I couldn't help it. These girls were occupying all my thoughts. No matter where I looked, there was a toned stomach, a full sports bra, a pair of shorts riding up someone's buttocks; I was inundated. Luckily, Megan was not in the mood to hear me answer, slowly straightening, drawing her hand away, and sitting, leaned against my arm, with a smirk of smug satisfaction on her lips.
After the game, Megan and I tried to catch Rebecca and Emily to congratulate them on their win. We lingered in the hall outside the gym, waiting our turn as they chatted with two tall, muscular boys. To my distaste, I recognized them as the ones who eyed the team huddle, had ogled my daughter all game, and had even shared a comment that I presumed involved her. Rebecca was laughing at something the taller one said and brushed her hair behind her ear shyly. Emily reached over and punched his shoulder. He laughed along with her and put his hands up defensively. Megan and I exchanged a look; we knew flirting when we saw it. Personally, I was appalled, and I silently asked my wife if I should intervene. She laughed, grabbed my arm, and tugged me down the hallway to the parking lot.
"Honestly, Jon, the look on your face..." she managed to breathe out between giggles. "Baby... she's eighteen... she's in college... she's going to have her fun... just like we did... just like wedo." Before I could protest, she pulled me against the driver's side door of our car, her tongue shoved inside my mouth, thoroughly forestalling anything I might say on the matter. Her hand reached down, cupping my growing erection through my jeans, and extracting a low groan. Of course she was right. I knew that on some level. I just wasn't prepared to see it so clearly so soon. I could have kicked myself -- or at least laughed at myself -- knowing how much I fantasized about her best friend, only one year older but in the same class, and yet failed to connect the dots: other men inevitably had those same thoughts about my own daughter.
"Besides..." Megan withdrew her hand and kissed me a final time, "it's not like she's totally naïve. We talked about it last year. She knows what she's doing."
Now that did surprise me. I told Megan as much as we buckled in and headed home. Again, I really must have been thick to be surprised. Apparently, Rebecca's boyfriend last year -- "Honestly, Jon? You don't remember Jimmy at ALL?" -- had pushed until she came to Megan for advice. They had had a frank discussion, including the reality of the risks -- Megan even pointed to Rebecca herself as evidence of those risks. Megan insisted that it was a great conversation that would have made me proud of our little girl, but I was still put out that I had been kept in the dark. While Megan insisted that she had no idea what transpired after the talk, she could make an educated guess.
That night, we turned in early. Megan had a morning meeting in the city, and I was still trying to process our conversation in the car. For the first time in a long time, I actually had the real desire to read -- just read -- in my library and put this whole business out of mind for a while. I gave my wife a quick goodnight kiss with the promise to be along shortly, and I tried to ignore the flicker of disappointment behind her eyes. After teasing me at the game and her advances in the parking lot, she clearly wanted more, but I wasn't feeling it. I cracked open a particularly dull volume of old literary criticism and sighed as I set to annotating it. Only one paragraph into the second chapter, a door behind me slammed.
I froze.
It was not often now that a new sound surprised me. I had become accustomed to the nighttime creaks and groans of the house, the rush of water in the pipes, the sound of Emily's shower, and all the noises she managed to make in it. She never slammed doors though, that was certain. I sat up and, despite myself, strained my ears.
"shhhhhhhh heheshhhhhhhh..." That was Emily's voice for sure. "I'm.... mmmmmmJacs-mmmmmm... I'm not supposed... to have... people over...." She trailed off and I heard a soft thump on one of the walls my library did not share.
"I... can leave... if you want..." That wasn't Emily. It was deeper; a man's voice. "But I don't think you want that... do you, baby..." Emily moaned a low protest. She did not want whoever this was to leave. Her moan was cut short and -- maybe it was my imagination -- a series of soft, long, slow, wet sounds hovered just on the edge of hearing.
A vision of the scene invaded my mind's eye. Emily, tall, thin and gorgeous, holding the face of this mystery man in her hands. Their lips locked as they gave into their passion and their tongues explored the other's mouth. His hands would be roaming all over the tight body I saw each morning and secretly lusted over. She would be putty in those hands, letting him have his way with her. I imagined her letting him explore her, letting him slowly tug at the hem of her shirt, slowly run his hands up over her pants, letting her know that he needed her unclothed. A metallic jingle drifted through the wall, and the scene in my imagination shifted.
"Eager...." The man's voice crooned before trailing off into a breathless moan.
"For you...? Obviously..." Emily breathed back. "You like that...?" His low moan confirmed that he did. "You're getting so hard, baby..." Emily was teasing now. I'd heard that tone before in her countless, silly little arguments with Rebecca.
"For you? Obviously." He was playing her game, and she laughed along in appreciation. "Do you want to see it?"
Now it was her turn to give a moan of confirmation. I honestly can't remember rising, but I found my ear pressed to the wall yet again. There was the rustle of clothing falling to the floor, and another metallic clink of what must have been his belt. There was a pause.
"oh my GOD... Jackson...seriously...?" My heart skipped a beat as I hear him chuckle and then moan. A sound cut through the silence; Emily -- or so I assumed -- spat loudly, and Jackson moaned again. Another spit -- it had to be performative, but that only made it hotter -- and I could start to make out the lowschlick schlick schlickof her stroking the cock in front of her.
"Aren't you going to suck it, Em?" My hand was instantly in my pants when he asked.
"Oh I will... just... let me get you ready... Jesus, babe... Becky did warn me... but still..."
I groaned out loud. My body nearly convulsed. Everything in my soul screamed out to stop stroking my cock. But I couldn't. My hand kept moving, and suddenly it was Rebecca in my mind's eye: on her knees, her feet tucked under her large ass, this Jackson guy over her, stroking his hard cock, while he gloated over her. It wasn't just that I had discovered a mere hour earlier that my daughter was sexually active, but I now learned that she was, dare I say it, promiscuous. At least, enough so that Emily and Jackson were casually discussing her opinion of his manhood. Part of me wanted to laugh at the thought that she and Emily did tend to share everything, but this... it was almost too much.
"Oh, she did?" Smugness oozed from Jackson's words. "What else did she say?"
Emily giggled again. "oh... just that you had the biggest cock she'd ever seen... she told me as she saw us about to walk out together... but that's what Carey told me too when you two hooked up... she said you had to eat her out for a half hour before she even wanted to try it..."
Now Jackson laughed. "Well that's true... she took it all eventually, but it did take some... effort... mmmmmmfuck... yeah baby... suck on that cock..." It was happening. Fuck, it was really happening. My hand sped up, and I tried desperately to hold on as I pictured Emily, her blonde ponytail bobbing as she sucked the cock of this arrogant college boy just a few feet from me. "That's so good, Em... just like that..." Jackson sighed. "It's so hot hearing how you all talk about me... I know, I know, girls talk... still... fucking hot..."
Emily gasped as she must have come up for air. "Well..." she said, and I could hear the smile on her lips. "It's fun to talk when we have something so exciting to discuss." Jackson laughed again, and I heard a wet gagging noise as Emily shoved him back in her mouth.
"Tell me, baby... what else do they say about me?" The arrogant prick was obviously enjoying the praise.
"nnnmmmm-nmmmmm" Emily hummed a denial. Then she gasped for air again. "Your... uh..egois big enough... I wantyouto tell me now... oh comeONhaha it's hot for us too!... tell me about them..."
Jackson sputtered. "um... like... guys?... that you've-"
"ohhon" she cut him off sharply. "Iknowhow the guys feel. They tell me." She added a laugh that bordered on derision. "They can't stop telling me. No. I want to hear whatyoufelt fucking my friends." Her directness floored me. Jackson was also silent, save for the rhythmic moans Emily was somehow drawing out of his body.
"Come on..." she teased, but her tone sounded deadly serious as well. "I know boys talk too... tell me about them... tell me or I'll stop..."
"No!... please... um... who... who do you want to hear about?" My stomach twisted and my cock throbbed as I knew the answer I wanted. It was the answer I dreaded. I tried to convince myself I wanted anything else.
"Rebecca."
She hadn't even paused. I wondered if this was a whole setup on her part. Had she in fact lured this boy to her bed, not the other way around, to hear his report? My mind was spinning, but the hand in my shorts was also speeding up. An image of Becky in her volleyball uniform flashed in my imagination. My heart was chilled by the chuckle that came from Jackson. He slipped back into his arrogant manners much more quickly than I anticipated.
"Alright, Em... just keep that up... keep sucking my cock like a good girl... and I'll tell you whatever you want to hear..." The sounds of slurping redoubled their speed and volume. Emily was encouraging him. I strained my ears. I needed to know. I hated it. But I need it.
"Hmmmm... that girl..." My fist clenched. So did my cock. "hmmmmmm..." he seemed to ponder all the things he might say. "Do you know, Em... I think I might have been her first..." This drew a genuine laugh from Emily that nearly pushed me over the edge.
"Oh, boy...nooooo..." she sounded more patronizing that I thought possible. "I know that girl's body count, believe me... you aren't even near the top thissemester." My hand was flying, and I knew I was too close to stop from hurdling over the edge.
"Well surprise to me," he almost sounded surly. "Her cunt was tight enough. I'd have never known... took me 20 minutes of her begging me to go slow before I finally got inside, and then she couldn't get enough... I wrecked her until she passed out... but only after she begged me for that too... such a filthy mouth that friend of yours has, Em... at least when she wasn't just screaming my name..."
I came.
I came so hard. Images of my little girl spread out under this arrogant kid flashed in front of my eyes. Her small breasts were pressed to his chest. I came harder. Her ankles were locked behind his back. I couldn't stop erupting. Her ass was rippling as he continued to drive into her. A rivulet of semen escaped my soaked boxer-briefs and ran down my leg, adhering my jeans to my thigh, but I still couldn't stop. Somehow, I ended up sitting with my back to the wall, my cock throbbing limply in my loose fist, still oozing out the remainder of my load. It was all too much, and yet I couldn't get enough. In the throes of my orgasm, I knew that I had leaned in to that awful, forbidden voyeuristic fantasy, but I refused to let myself revisit it. I almost felt sick. I just sat there, panting, stroking my limp cock out of muscle memory. My cheek came back in contact with the cold drywall. I had to hear the rest.
"Jacksonnnnnn... babbyyyyy...pleeeasssseeeee...." Emily was whining. There was no other word for it. Their foreplay must have wrapped up as I came to the thought of -- no... I couldn't admit it. My mind spun through all the possibilities of what was happening on the other side of this damned opaque drywall. Was he on top of her? Were they up against a wall? Clearly he was about to enter her. I replayed the images of her naked at the bathroom mirror; the images that motivated me through my morning runs. From what I could tell, she kept a trimmed bush -- I caught the flash of a darkened patch between her legs when she turned toward the window a few times, but I didn't dare hang around longer for a more complete view. Other than that, I had no ideas at all to go on.
But he did. This asshole who fucked my daughter and, from the sound of it, a number of her friends, had complete and unfettered access to the most private part of Emily that continued to elude my gaze. She was, in fact, begging him to enter her; to use her for his pleasure.
"Damn, Em... already so...eager... and I'm not eveninsideyou yet..." I could hear the shit-eating grin this guy had on his face. "... oh don't look atme, babe... look atyou... yeah... like that... look at that slut in the mirror... look in her eyes... as she... gets...fucked."
Emily screamed.
My cock stirred weakly in my hand as I saw them so clearly in my mind. Jackson was behind her, holding her head in place, bent over the bathroom vanity, forcing her to look her reflection in the eye as he entered her. He must have driven his cock in hard and fast and unexpectedly to get that sound out of her. I wondered if she was alright, if I should somehow step in to save her from this asshole determined only to use her. My thoughts barely had time to form, however, before her scream -- which had failed to pause even for a breath -- became a loud, rhythmic moan.
"Oh? How does that feel, Em?" The prick was mocking her. "Gonna tell Becky and Carey they were right? Gonna tell more of your friends about this? Gonna brag about getting railed by the best cock you've ever had?"
"I.... fuckkkk yo-... assh-.... fuckkkkkkk....yessssss... Jacksonnnnnnnn..." She was fighting for a modicum of control, I could hear it in her tone, but she failed. Her attempts at words were quickly abandoned, and she fell back into the continuous moan in rhythm with each thrust of the cock inside her. Meanwhile, Jackson's voice floated above it all, taunting her and gloating in his triumph.
"Oh? Not so tough now, Em? Not so confident?" She moaned louder. "Look at yourself. I saidLOOK. There... good girl... What do you see?... I see a slut. A needy girl. A girl who needs Jackson's big. fat. cock. in her tight little cunt." Each word was punctuated. Each word drew a fresh scream from Emily's lips.
"god, Em... you're so wet... do you love hearing this?... hearing the truth?... hearing how needy this tight little cunt is for me... it's almost funny... the big, tough, Emily Miller... so haughty on campus... so protective of her friends... and under it all... a needy. little.slut."
Emily shrieked.
Emily shrieked in a way I had never heard her shriek before. In the countless orgasms I had eavesdropped on, Emily would give out moans, screams, and more often than not a stream of thoughts and words that seemed only to push her further over the edge. This shriek, drawn from her by the man inside her, was wholly different. It was both incoherent and primal. It seemed to pause time and last forever. I groaned along with her. My mind was filled with the vision of her long legs quivering and lifting off the tiled floor to wrap back around Jackson's knees. I saw her vagina clenching his shaft and a torrent of wetness splattering on the ground between his feet. If I had not orgasmed so hard just a few minutes earlier, I knew that I would be pumping my boxer briefs full yet again in that moment. As it was, my cock swelled weakly, and oozed out a few drops of precum, defeated by the overwhelming stimuli.
In the silence that followed, I could hear my heartbeat. The house creaked softly as if it was listening as well. A series of soft, breathless grunts came from the wall behind me, and I knew that Jackson wasn't finished. I thought of my own cock, struggling to swell again, covered in my own semen, worn out by the mere sound of what this college guy was doing so effortlessly to the girl I was admittedly becoming infatuated with. Another, weaker moan drifted through my lips and my cock painfully swelled to full mast. I rubbed my first load into it, using it as lubrication, as I once again tuned into what was occurring behind me.
"Are-... Em... are you okay...?" My stomach unclenched a bit as I heard him check on her. By his breathing, I could tell he was still pumping into her, but I was glad that he had the wherewithal to check.
"oooooohhhhhh... god..." Emily sounded almost incoherent. "don't... Jacksonnnnnn... don't.... stop...pleaaseeeeee..."
There was a low chuckle. Then, the sharp crack of skin on skin. Emily yelped. Jackson laughed.
"you almost had me worried, Em... but then... I should have known... you need this..." A second crack as Jackson must have brought his hand down on her ass. Emily moaned this time, low and defeated. "Say it...." He taunted her as he slapped her ass again.
"I.... oooohhhhhh..... neeeeeeedd...babbyyyyyyy.... are... are you... close...?"
Jackson actually laughed. This wasn't a performative laugh, but a genuine laugh of amusement at the thought. Emily heard it too and groaned. My thoughts once again flashed to my cum-soaked underwear and the throb in my spent cock. When I had imagined Emily like this, it was always me wrecking her the way I wrecked Megan. I was the one putting her in her place. I was showing her the truth of the statement that older men always do it better. Now, however, this young buck behind me was putting on a clinic. He was stretching out her tight young pussy, bringing her to a shrieking orgasm, and showing no signs of slowing. My cock ached as it filled my fist, and my mind leaned into the image of how Emily's labia must be gripping the thick shaft inside her each time it drew back. I gradually learned the difference between her moans. As Jackson continued to fuck her, she alternated between a high whimper -- when I imagined him drawing back, leaving her soaked cunt empty and needy -- and a low, breathless moan -- when I knew he was pushing back in, giving her what she needed but also pushing her to her limit. I tried to match that rhythm, even standing up once I found my legs again, bracing myself against the wall so I thrust into my fist just how I imagined Jackson thrusting into Emily. I couldn't do it. I felt my orgasm -- what I knew would be my last of the night -- hurtling toward me, and I forced myself to hold off. I wanted to orgasm when he did. I needed to outlast him. I don't know why, but it was important.
I lost track of how long I stood there, listening to my daughter's best friend get destroyed. I lost count of how many more orgasms she shrieked out. The constant through it all was the low, steady grunting from Jackson. He would phase in and out of taunting Emily about how badly she needed his cock, how naughty -- or how good -- she was being for him. Each time he resumed his diatribe, Emily's screams got louder, and a shrieking orgasm was sure to follow quickly. Jackson seemed to figure this pattern out too, choosing his moments to be vocal, each time driving her to a climax until she was practically orgasming on command.
As the night drew on, her orgasms became more breathless and less frequent. Feeling worn out myself, I could only imagine Emily, limp over the bathroom vanity, her cheek pressed up against the mirror, her breath weakly fogging the glass, still absorbing each thrust, still driven over the edge again and again despite her exhaustion. There seemed to be no change, however, in the urgency of the man using her body. The slapping of Emily's ass on Jackson's hips continued, almost hypnotically, steady and constant. He kept her constantly on the edge of another climax, using only his words to push her over that edge at will. I was impressed. I was exhausted, frustrated with my own performance, worn out both mentally and physically, but I was impressed. I clung to his words, memorizing each turn of phrase, vowing to bring them into my own bed. Megan would cream herself if I talked like that, and, perhaps more front and center in my mind at this moment, if I ever did get into Emily's bedroom, I would need to know what she liked. I tried to force my imagination into that space, to see myself ripping orgasm after orgasm from her, but I could only see Jackson, tall, muscular and masterful, using her just as he was now. It was only natural, the sounds of their coupling were inescapable. When I was in that position, I told myself, there was no doubt I would perform just as well, if not better.
A shift in Jackson's words pulled me back.
"Em... oh... god, Em... yeah... fuck... I'm... baby, I'm almost there... fuck... your cunt is so good..." He only got a low moan in response. "hah... yeah... oh my god yeah... Em... where do you want it...?" Another moan in response. I could see the scene in my head. Emily's perfect body sprawled, resting over the sink, limp and accepting. Jackson's large frame behind her, hammering that thick cock into her cunt, watching it grip his shaft each time he pulled out. He was using her. He was jacking off inside her. He was totally in control. And Emily loved it.
"Em... I... Em-fuck..." There was an edge to his voice now. "stay with me, Em... I... I need to... where... where do you want it?"
"nnnnnnnnmmeeeee" was the incoherent moan that answered him.
"Em... I... I can cum... on your face... or... your tits... or... just on your back... " I pictured him drawing back, ripping off the condom, and stroking himself to an eruption wherever he decided. Emily was sure to eagerly accept that load, positioning herself on her knees, pushing her firm breasts together, or extending her tongue as a target.
"in... me..." Emily was breathless, needy, and crystal clear. Now it was Jackson's turn to give out a low moan, followed by a smug chuckle.
"I thought you might... yeah baby take it... you sure, Em? I thought you might... when you said no condom..."
"pleassseeeee..."
It dawned on me. He had been fucking her bare, unprotected, this whole time. Emily was a smart girl, she knew the risks, she was always analytical, but here she was, greedily taking a thick cock inside her unprotected body. She needed it so badly, to be taken and used, that it outweighed the risks. Now she was asking -- begging -- for the finale of that risk. That bare cock was going to fill her stretched cunt with a hot, virile load of cum, and she would eagerly accept it.
I came. My cock clenched, a painful ache running along my spent shaft, and I tried to hold back. I needed to beat this kid. I needed to outlast him. I had already orgasmed, was only stroking my cock softly in my hand, and he was inside the tight, young cunt of the immaculate Emily Miller. Surely he would be forced to lose control before me. But I couldn't hold back. I let out a sound, somewhere between a moan and a sob as my cock spilled the remaining contents of my balls. They were nearly spent already, only a few weak rivers of semen running over my stiff fingers, followed by the clenching and unclenching of muscles trying to extract more than I had to give. It felt like my cock was dry heaving. It hurt, but it also sent electric shocks of arousal through my entire body. My hips convulsed, leaving me panting on the floor, facing the wall, sitting in the wreckage of my climaxes.
"Fucking. Take. It. Em... Take my cock... take my load... just like your friends..." Jackson was grunting and beathing heavily now. The impacts of his hips on Emily's ass were speeding up and growing louder. It was clear that he was getting close to his own climax, and he was determined to use Emily as completely as he could to get himself there. Under the sounds of his exertions, the low, constant sound of Emily pleading for his load continued. She begged, she whined, she coaxed, she called him "baby" and even "daddy." Each word sent a fresh ache through my limp cock and drew a small moan from my lips.
"oh...FUCK I... yeah there it is... here it comes... Em... take my fucking load... just like they all did... just like Carey... just like Becky... all your little friends... all took it... now you...fuckkkkkk..."
Emily shrieked a final time. I moaned with her. My cock felt like it was on fire. It was all too much. He was going to fill her. He was going to claim her. There was nothing she or I or anyone could do about it. It was just like he had claimed her friend Carey -- who I resolved to find at the next volleyball game. Just like he had claimed -- I groaned long and probably too loudly. Just like he had claimed Rebecca. He had claimed my daughter. He had fucked her. I saw her once again, legs locked behind his back, her ass pressed into the bed, as a massive cock throbbed and pumped her full. He had deposited a huge, hot load of his semen inside my little girl. Now he was doing the same thing to her best friend. The girl I lusted over in secret for months, who I had been so careful around, had given herself to this cocky kid so fully and immediately. I heard the sob escape my lips as Emily continued to shriek out her last orgasm of the night. Jackson grunted, low and primal, as he continued to flood her cunt. It seemed to last a lifetime. I could only imagine his thick cock throbbing, his balls taught and drawn up, and the vast amounts of semen that he must be pumping into her. I saw that load coursing deep inside her, filling her to the brim, even running out down her long, smooth legs as her womb reached capacity.
Finally, there was silence. It was a complete silence, but the house felt on edge from the scene that had just played out. A sharp crack split that silence.
"Good girl."
Emily let out a low, defeated moan as Jackson slapped her ass one final time. Then she whimpered as he must have slowly withdrawn his spent cock from her gaping cunt. I heard a splatter on the tile. Then a wet, heavy slap. In my mind's eye, I saw him flop his long, limp cock up onto Emily's quivering ass and lower back. I heard her groan again in defeat, drawing another low chuckle from him. My mind was flickering in and out of an exhausted half-consciousness, but I heard him tell her again how good she had been. He patronizingly told her that she had taken it all as well as anyone he had been with, and that she had his number for the next time she needed this.
The rest of that night was hazy as I tried to collect my thoughts, find the strength to stand, and get to bed myself. I knew I was sitting with my back to the wall, but I couldn't remember assuming that position. A sink ran. A toilet flushed. The door to the bathroom creaked. The outside door slammed. A sink running again. The toilet flushing again. The shower turning on.
I caught myself breathing much too loudly when I realized the shower was on. How long had it been running? My mind spun, and I tried to collect my thoughts, again unsuccessful. A long, low, squeaking, like a squeegee over a car window, descended from above me, ending just behind my ear.
Emily let out a long, satisfied sigh.
My breath caught. My heart stopped. She too sat against the wall, used and content. She was letting the hot water run over her naked, battered body, sitting, recovering, just as I was. She was inches away.
"Well, Mister Lewis..." It sounded like she was whispering directly in my ear. "I hope that was as fun for you as it was for me."