It was late Saturday morning and I was already bored. Well, maybe bored isn't the right word. My husband, Will, had been on a business trip to a tech conference since Thursday and wasn't due back until Tuesday evening. Fortunately work had kept my busy enough to keep my mind off his absence the past couple days and nights. But now that it was the weekend I was missing the usual early morning fuck he gave me on the weekend.
I tried to occupy my mind by stretching out in bed and browsing some websites on my phone, but it wasn't helping. My thoughts kept drifting back to the wetness of his lips as he nuzzled my neck, gently waking me from my slumber. My butt would slowly push back against him, feeling how hard he had already become. His hand cupping one of my firm round breasts and gently teasing its nipple awake....
"Fuck it," I said under my breath to the empty room before rolling over to my end table. I pulled open the drawer and took out my favorite cordless wand toy. "Guess you will have to do this morning," I said to it before rolling back to the middle of the bed. I pushed the covers down and made myself comfortable. The anticipation of my future orgasm coupled with the cool air of the room to make my nipples rock hard. My legs parted as I slid the wand down my belly to my shaved pussy. I took a deep breath to clear my mind. I was just about to turn on the wand when my phone started to ring.
"Shit," I swore. I grabbed my phone and looked at he screen. It was a local number but I didn't recognize it. "Whoever you are, your timing is impeccable," I said in annoyance. After sliding the unlock button, I brought the phone to my ear. "Hello?"
"Hi. Is this Kirsty?," a young feminine voice asked.
The gentleness of the unknown voice melted my annoyance. "Yes. Who is this?" I asked.
"This is Amber. I don't know if you remember me. We met at the small business gala a few weeks ago," the caller informed me.
The small business gala was a formal event thrown by the city to recognize the importance of local businesses. Being the owner of a local web design company, Will had dragged me along as his plus one. Initially I was excited for the opportunity to get glammed up, but my excitement waned once I found out most of the invitees were at least 20 years older than me. The conversation and company was nice enough, but was lacking in mutual interests. Nevertheless it was a useful opportunity for Will to network and try to identify some new clients.
For me the lone bright spot was Amber, a gorgeous petite blonde that was a local photographer. For most of the night we hung out near the open bar chatting and getting to know one another. We quickly bonded over a shared love of hockey. As the night wore on and the drinks flowed we entertained ourselves by quietly playing conversation karaoke across the crowd. Basically we identified people across the room and made up their conversation to ourselves. A bit immature yes, but it kept us busy and passed the time. Eventually, Will came to rescue me and take me home. As I introduced the two of them, I could see that Amber's demeanor changed a bit but didn't think anything about it at the time. Before we left, Amber asked if she could call me sometime to hang out. I gave her a warm smile and my number and said I looked forward to it. I had forgotten about Amber's offer, but now that she was on the other end of the line, I was happy for the follow up.
"Oh, Amber," I said happily while sitting up in the bed. "Thanks for the call. It's been awhile. How have you been?"
"I've been fine. How are you?" She asked.
"Not too bad. Is there something I can help you with?"
"Well, I have been meaning to give you a call for a while now and figured today was just as good as any. Can I interest you in lunch and maybe some shopping?" She paused. "I mean, if you aren't busy."
"No, no not busy at all." I glanced at the wand laying next to me on the bed and bit my lip slightly. "I would love to get together."
"Oh great," Amber said excitedly.
"Yeah, it will be fun." I said. "I could use some time out of the house."
"Do you want to meet at that sushi place on Main Street? We can grab some lunch then hit up the stores," She suggested.
"That sounds like a plan," I confirmed. I looked at the clock, which said 10:35. "Can you give me an hour or so? Do you want me to pick you up somewhere?"
"An hour or so would be fine. No need to get me. I don't live too far from there and like walking."
"Alright, see you then," I said cheerfully. We said our goodbyes and I ended the call. I picked up my wand and held it in front of my face. "Well buddy, looks like I will need to take a rain check. Maybe tonight."
I put the wand back in the drawer and stretched my arms a bit. I shuffled to the edge of the bed and swung my legs over the edge. My feet touched the cool carpet and sent a brief shiver through my body. I stood and walked my naked body downstairs to the kitchen and made some coffee. I busied myself cleaning up the kitchen while I waited for the pot to brew, then took my mug outside to our back deck.
One of the things that Will and I loved about our house was the privacy afforded by our back yard. There was a thick forest directly behind our backyard and the houses on either side of us were oriented in such a way that there was no direct line of sight onto our deck. This was particularly nice during summer as I could lay out nude and not get any tan lines. Today though the chilly early October air provided a nice wake up. Goosebumps covered my skin and my nipples got hard enough they could cut glass. I sat on one of our lounge chairs and curled my legs up underneath me. For the next 15 minutes I silently sipped my coffee while watching the forest and listening to the morning birds chirping away.
After finishing my drink, I went back inside and headed upstairs to take a shower. As I waited for the water to warm up, I took the time to text Will.
{Good morning baby. *kissy face emoji* I hope you are having a good time.}
There was no immediate response so I put my phone on the counter and stepped into the shower. The warm water was heaven on my cool flesh. For a moment I just stood under the running water, letting it stream over and down my body, before starting my morning routine. My earlier feelings started to re-emerge as I soaped my breasts and between my legs, but I managed to push them aside and focus on the task at hand. Soon I was turning off the water and wrapping a towel around myself.
I checked my phone and saw that Will had written me back. {Morning sweetheart. *kissy face emoji* How are you doing?}
I smiled wickedly, then sent back {Missing you. I needed your cock this morning. *eggplant emoji*}
I put the phone down and began drying myself in earnest. After a few moments the phone chimed. Will had replied. {Naughty girl. *devil emoji* What would you have done with it?}
I quickly typed {Sucked it dry} before hitting send.
{I would have loved that. I am missing your pussy too.}
{Too bad it is all clean now.}
{But it is so much fun getting it messy. *winking emoji*}
{How would you get it messy?}
There was a pause from Will's end and I bit my lip slightly. The dirty texting was starting to heat up my loins and I shifted my feet a bit. Finally he wrote back {First I would make you cum by licking your lips and sucking on your hard clit. Then I would fuck you with my cock until you came again. Finally I pull out and shoot my cum all over your beautiful pussy.}
I nearly fell down from the graphic imagery Will sent me. The fire within me burned hotter, but I had to keep it together if I was to meet Amber. {Fuck baby, I would love that.} I wrote back, then followed it with {I would love to hear more but I have somewhere I need to be.}
{Great. I get you all worked up and your side piece gets to have all the fun.}
I laughed. We were always teasing each other like this. {LOL. Shut up, you know yours is the only cock for me.} I followed with {Actually I am meeting someone for lunch. Do you remember Amber from the gala?}
{Possibly. Was she the photographer you were hanging out with by the bar?}
{That's her. We are going out for sushi, then do a little shopping.}
{Sounds good. You two have fun. Try to talk later?}
{Sure thing. I'll text you to make sure you are free.}
{Great. Talk to you then. Love you.}
{Love you too} I closed the texting app and put the phone back on the bathroom counter.
After drying my long auburn hair a bit more, I fetched some thong panties and a lacy bra from my dresser and slipped them on. I took a quick look at my ass in the mirror and smiled, then went into our large walk-in closet to get dressed. I surveyed the various options and finally decided on some black yoga pants and a light brown sweater.
I slipped into my sneakers and checked the time on my phone - 11:35. I frowned a bit. "I should probably let Amber know I am running a little late," I thought to myself. I opened the texting app and punched in Amber's number.
{Hey Amber. It's Kirsty. Just letting you know I am running a little late. Just leaving the house now.}
After a few moments Amber replied. {No problem. Thanks for letting my know. I will be inside the restaurant. I will save you a seat at the sushi bar.}
{Great. See you soon.}
I closed the app and went downstairs to get my bag. Soon I was in the car and on my way downtown. After a short drive I was turning onto Main Street and began looking for a parking spot. Luck was on my side as there was an open spot just in front of the sushi restaurant. In no time at all I was walking in the restaurant and looking for Amber.
"Kirsty over here," I heard from the back of the room. I turned my head and saw a young woman waving her raised hand at me. There was a huge smile on her face. Her blonde hair was pulled back into a pony tail and was mostly covered by a light blue baseball cap. As I made my way toward Amber I could see she was wearing light blue jeans and a flannel shirt that was tied around her midsection. Underneath was a white T-shirt. As I got closer, Amber stood up from her seat and opened her arms. We gave each other a quick hug and sat down again.
"I'm so glad you could join me, Kirsty." Amber stated. "I hope I didn't take you away from other plans."
"No, not at all," I reassured her. "Actually I was looking for something to do. Will is away at a conference right now."
"Well that's too bad," she said with a bit of a sly smile. "I am glad I can keep you company then."
At that point a waitress stopped by to get our drink order and left a paper for us to mark our sushi order. We decided the occasion needed a little something extra and ordered a carafe of the hot saki to share. After the waitress left, Amber turned back to me. "So it's been awhile. How have you been?"
I gave the sushi menu a brief glance, then turned my attention to Amber. "Good. Good," I replied. "Work has been busy lately, but I can't complain too much."
Soon we were getting reacquainted with each other and catching up on our lives. We were both excited that the NHL season had started and agreed that we needed to get together to watch some games. At several points in our conversation, I caught Amber seemingly gazing into my eyes, but she always quickly turned away. I shook it off thinking it was the lighting in the room. The conversation continued effortlessly and over the next 45 minutes we became fast friends.
Finally, we had had our fill and decided to do some shopping. The afternoon was spent in and out of the local shops. We had a blast helping each other shop for clothes and decide on purchasing various nick knacks. Once again I caught Amber seemingly flirting with me, especially while we modeled different clothes for each other. This time I was sure of it, but said nothing. I would be lying if I said I wasn't flattered by the attention and the more time I spent with her the more I felt similar feelings grow for her. But, I knew the town could be a bit conservative at times, so I didn't want to be too obvious in the way of reciprocating.
In our last store, I found myself trying on a navy blue sundress that was on sale. As I looked in the mirror, I could see Amber behind me checking out my bare legs. Her eyes wandered up to my ass as she bit her lip. I stood still and watched her through the mirror. Our eyes locked and I gave her a quick wink and a smile. She quickly turned away with an impish smile on her face.
"What do you think?" I asked her.
"It looks great on you," she replied. "It's too bad fall it almost here. You won't get much of a chance to wear it."
"I know," I said with a small pout as I looked at myself again. I gently swayed my hips back and forth, letting the hem swirl around my bare thighs a bit. I saw Amber lick her lips through the mirror and I cracked a small smile. "But you never now with Fall around here. There will probably be a day or two I could wear it. If not, there is always Spring. I think I'll get it."
"Good choice," Amber agreed.
I returned to the dressing room and changed back into my street clothes. As I dressed, I thought about the situation developing with Amber. I was no stranger to sleeping with women, but it was not a regular occurrence. Also all my previous encounters had been more or less spontaneous flings. As I thought back to Amber's behavior at the gala and over lunch it was clear to me that she wanted something a little more serious. I was having a great time with Amber and the more I thought about it, the more I wanted to see where this would go. I had to be careful though as I was still madly in love with Will and there was no way I would drop him for a serious relationship with her or any other woman. I decided this would be a conversation best held in private and thought it best to wait a bit.
"Hey, Kirsty. You ok in there?" Amber called to me from the other side of the door. "You need help in there?"
"What? Oh, no. I'm fine, thanks. I'll be out soon," I replied while shaking the cobwebs from my head.
After purchasing the dress we found it was getting late in the afternoon and decided to end our shopping trip. I offered to give Amber a ride home and she was grateful for the suggestion. Soon I was pulling into a parking space outside her apartment. She thanked me for the ride and asked if I wanted to come in for a bit. I accepted her offer and helped her carry her purchases upstairs.
"Thanks for the help, Kirsty," she said after we stepped into her apartment. "I had fun today."
"Yeah, me too, Amber," I replied while setting her bags on the floor. "Thanks for getting me out of the house."
"My pleasure," she replied. "Can I get you something to drink?"
"Maybe just a water, thanks."
"Sure thing. Go ahead and have a seat. I'll be right there." Amber offered before stepping into the small kitchen.
I took a quick look around the small apartment on the way to the couch. "Nice place you have here."
"Thanks." Amber replied on her way back to the couch with a glass of water. "It isn't much, but it suits me fine."
I reached for the glass with a smile and our fingers touched. My eyes immediately shot to hers and I lost my breath. "Thanks," I said with a suddenly dry throat. I took the glass and immediately gulped down half of it as Amber sat on the couch next to me. Her thigh pressed against mine and I felt her heat. I felt my breathing quicken, but tried to hide it by looking straight ahead. Amber was leaning back against the couch and I could feel her eyes on me, trying to read my thoughts. After what seemed like an eternity I broke the silence. "Amber, can I ask you a bit of a personal question?"
"Sure. What do you want to know?" Amber replied. I felt her fingertips touch my back between my shoulder blades and I shivered slightly.
"I, uhh...I noticed you watching me earlier today..." I stopped, not quite sure how to proceed.
"Watching you how?" I could hear the gentle teasing in her voice.
"Are...are you attracted to me?" I finally managed to ask.
I felt the hand on my back shift and Amber's palm pressed lightly against my back. "What do you think?" She asked coyly.
I turned to look at Amber and saw the lust burning in her eyes. My hand touched her thigh just above her knee and a slight sigh escaped her throat. "What do you want to do about it?" I asked softly.
She looked me directly in the eyes and they burned straight through me. "Come here and find out." I could tell she was dead serious.
I swallowed hard and shifted my seat to face her. I gently touched the side of her face. My thumb lightly stroked her cheek. I quickly moistened my lips while looking into her eyes, then slowly leaned in to press my lips against hers. After a brief trial, I pulled back slightly. My lips curled in to allow my tongue to taste Amber's moisture.
Suddenly, Amber took my head in her hand and pulled me in for a deep forceful kiss. Our mouths parted and her tongue forced its way into my mouth. We both moaned as her tongue danced with mine. I pressed my body against hers and we fell onto the couch. Her legs wrapped around my thighs, pulling my hips into hers. A hand moved to the back of my head, pulling me closer, while the other moved down my back. I moaned deeply as her hand squeezed my ass firmly. Her hips began to grind up and into mine.
My eyes flew open in a panic and I broke our kiss. "Oh my god, I can't do this," I said breathlessly.
Amber released the grip on my backside and looked me in the eyes with concern. "What's wrong?" She gave my hair a loving, gentle stroke.
"I'm sorry," I said softly while sitting up. A placed a hand on Amber's stomach and she covered it with one of hers.
"Please tell me what's wrong," she asked with concern. She reached out and gently held my chin. Her thumb pressed against my bottom lip.
I took a deep breath before continuing. "Look, there is nothing more I would like to do right now, but...and this is going to sound strange, I need to talk to Will first."
Amber gave me a curious look. "I don't understand," she queried with a slight shake of her head.
"You see, we have a sort of...agreement," I started. "We are fine with each other fooling around, but if we can't do it together, then we need to let the other one know ahead of time." I bit my lip nervously while I let her process this information.
"You guys do this a lot then?" She asked finally. I could feel her body tense a bit.
I shook my head. "No, not really." I felt her relax. "Just an odd fling here or there. To tell you the truth this would be the first time for me to fly solo as it were."
Amber thought about this some more, while I gently stroked her cheek. "So you just need to talk to Will and everything will be good then?"
I nodded my head. "Yeah, I'm sure of it." I paused, then continued. "I would feel like I am cheating if I didn't."
Amber sighed heavily. "I can't say I'm not disappointed, but I get it. When can you talk to Will?"
"As soon as I can," I said with a light laugh. I looked down at Amber with a devilish smile as a plan started to hatch in my head. "Actually...I have an idea that would be fun for all three of us if you are up for it." Amber shot me a curious look that turned into a wicked grin as I explained my idea.
Soon I was in my car and recalling Will's number from my contacts. After a few rings his phone sent me to voicemail. "Shit," I swore under my breath as his message payed. After hearing the tone, I left my message. "Hey baby, it's me. I hope you aren't too busy, but can you give me a call back as soon as you get this? Something came up that I need to talk to you about. Love ya, bye." I ended the call, put the car in reverse, and headed to the grocery store.
After a quick stop for dinner supplies, I pulled into the driveway at our house. I checked the clock in the car - 5:37. Amber was supposed to show up around 7:00. I didn't have a lot of time to get ready, but I should be ok. I checked my phone again. No calls from Will. "Damnit, where are you, Will?" I said to myself. I grabbed the bag of groceries and went inside.
I had just finished putting two tuna steaks in a marinade when my phone rang. I quickly washed my hands and answered the phone without looking at who it was. "Hello?" I answered breathlessly.
"Hey sweetie, it's me," Will replied on the other end of the line.
"Oh hey, baby," I said cheerfully as I made my way back to the car to get the rest of my shopping bags. "How are things?"
"Good here. We have been really busy, but have been making some good contacts. Sorry I missed your call. What's going on? Is everything ok there?"
"Oh yeah, things are fine here. Nothing like that. I just have something I need to ask you." I bit my lip slightly as I waited his response.
"Glad to hear everything is fine. What do you need to know?"
I paused a bit, not knowing exactly what to say. I figured it was best to just come out and say it. "So, you know that agreement we have? The one about having fun with others."
"Yeah, sure," Will replied. "What about it?"
"So it turns out that Amber has the hots for me. Has since we first met at the gala," I started.
"What! No way!" Will replied excitedly.
"She does. And...if I'm being totally honest, I think I may be feeling the same." Ok so that last part wasn't 100% true. By this time I totally had the hots for her.
"Well that is understandable," Will agreed. "If you don't mind my saying so, she is gorgeous."
"So you wouldn't mind if I set something up with her?" I asked a bit sheepishly. "In the interest of full disclosure we have already kissed a bit but I stopped things before we got too serious."
"Well, I appreciate you telling me that. I don't mind at all. I trust you completely sweetheart," Will replied.
"Thank you, baby. It means a lot to hear you say that. I trust you as well. And I love you very much."
"I love you too, baby." Will said. "Do you have any idea when you will try to work something out with her?"
I was glad Will and I were talking on the phone as I had the biggest and wickedest shit-eating grin on my face. "Don't know yet," I lied. "Probably sometime soon." Ok, maybe not a complete lie.
"Well let me know. I think the two of you together would be one hot sight," Will replied completely oblivious to the trap I was laying out for him.
"Believe me," I said. "You will be the first to know." I looked at the clock on the microwave - 6:12. "Hey Will. I hate to cut it short, but I need to get dinner started. Can we talk later?"
There was a brief pause on Will's end. "Yeah, I think so. Things have wrapped up for the day here. Several of us are going to go to dinner here as well. What time are you thinking?"
I did some quick math in my head trying to adjust for the time difference and giving him enough time to get back to his hotel room. "Do you think you could call from your room around 8:30 or 9:00 our time?"
"Yeah that should work. I don't think we have any plans tonight. If something comes up during dinner I can catch up with them later."
"Wonderful," I replied knowing my trap was set. "Talk to you then."
"Great," Will said. "Love you, babe."
"Love you too," I said before hanging up the phone.
I ran upstairs and, after stripping off my clothes, took a quick shower. I had no clue what to wear. Dressing up seemed too much, but I also didn't want to be too casual. I decided on a pair of camel shorts with a light light blue button down. After applying some light makeup, I finished the look by rolling the sleeves up to my elbows and tying the shirt above my waist. "Not bad," I said quietly to myself. "Now to get the rest set up."
Before heading downstairs to really get started on dinner, I quickly made the bed and fluffed the pillows. I then retrieved my laptop and placed it on the dresser that faced the end of the bed. After plugging it in to make sure there would be plenty of power, I opened it up and started the FaceTime app. I tried to adjust the screen so that it was at the best angle to see the bed. I frowned when it didn't quite work. I grabbed some books from our end tables to use as a make-shift platform for the laptop. That seemed to do the job. "Perfect," I said before closing the computer lid. "Now on to dinner."
I had tuna steaks and risotto on the dinner menu. Seeing as Amber would be arriving any minute, I started warming a pan and gathering what I needed for the risotto. I just got everything added to the pan when the doorbell rang. I turned down the heat on the pan a bit and headed to the door with a spring in my step.
I opened the door with a smile. Amber stood there in tight jeans and a T-shirt. She had ditched the cap and ponytail and her hair framed her face in golden waves. She managed to class up her look with a pair of black heels. She was gorgeous, even with this effortless vibe she portrayed. "Glad I didn't dress up," I said to myself.
"Hi Kirsty. Long time no see," she said with a giggle.
I chuckled at her joke. "Yeah, glad to see you as well. It has been forever."
"Here these are for you," she continued as she held up two bottles of wine. "I didn't know what you would prefer so I got a white and a red."
"Oh, thank you very much," I said taking the bottles from her and giving them a once over. "They both look great." I noticed Amber was slightly rocking back and forth as she looked at me. Finally I got the hint. "Oh, please come in. How silly of me." I stepped out of the way so she could enter. "Come. I'm not picky. We can start with the red and let the white chill in the fridge." Amber closed the door behind her and I led her through the house to the kitchen.
"This is a nice place you two have here," Amber said as she looked around the ground floor. "It looks nice and cozy."
"Thanks," I replied. "We like it. It is big enough for the two of us without being too much to deal with."
"Thanks again for offering to do dinner," she said. "Is there anything I can do to help?" She leaned against one of the kitchen counters to await instructions.
"Well I just started working on the risotto and I want to wait a bit to put the tuna in the oven. How about you pour some of this?" I suggested handing her the wine bottle. "There should be a corkscrew in that drawer. The glasses are in the cabinet above."
"Sure thing," Amber agreed before setting of on her task.
I went back to the stove and turned my attention back to the risotto, hoping it wasn't burning. As I stirred the concoction, I heard drawers and cabinets opening, then a high pitched pop. Soon I saw one of Amber's arms emerge from around my side holding a wine glass with a very healthy pour. I took the glass from her and thanked her. I felt her body press against my back as her chin rested on my shoulder.
"That smells awesome," she said. "I can't wait to try it." Then, in a sultry whisper, she said, "My compliments to the chef" before placing a wet kiss on the nape of my neck. Her kiss made my knees weak and I felt moisture welling up inside me.
I smiled before saying, "Careful now. Don't spoil your dinner by snacking now."
Ambers's hand touched my thigh and slowly travelled up and back to squeeze my ass. "Can't wait for desert," she whispered in my ear before gently tugging on my earlobe with her teeth. A low moan escaped my throat and turned into a whimper when I felt the weight of her body walk away. I quickly took a gulp of my wine.
Amber returned to her spot against the counter and sipped her wine. "So did you talk to Will?"
"Yes," I said while slowly stirring the pan in front of me.
"Aaannnd....?" Amber asked with playful annoyance.
I smiled to myself. It was fun teasing her. "He's cool with it."
"Oh goody," Amber replied. I couldn't see, but her eyes were glued to my ass and the back of my thighs.
"Also, he seems to be under the impression that all three of us are going to get together," I continued.
"Does he now," Amber replied.
I turned around to look at Amber. Her eyes slowly traveled up my body to meet mine. "Is that something you would be ok with?" I asked before taking a sip of wine.
Amber thought. She placed her glass on the counter and stretched her arms across the edge. This had the effect of pulling her shirt tighter against her body. I could see the roundness of her breasts in the fabric. Her nipples made their presence known, and suggested she had neglected to wear a bra. Finally, she answered my question. "Sure. Just so you know...I prefer women, but I don't mind the occasional guy." She paused and took a sip of her drink. From over the glass she asked, "Will that be a problem?"
"Not at all," I replied. "I'm sure he will respect any boundaries you set."
"Did you tell him about your little plan for tonight?"
"Nope. He just thinks he will be calling to chat with me."
"Perfect," she said with a devilish smile.
I turned my attention back to the risotto. "This is just about done. Can you get the tuna from the fridge for me?"
"Sure thing," Amber replied.
In under twenty minutes, the cooking was done and we were sitting at the table eating dinner. For the moment, our mutual flirting was put on hold and we discussed the upcoming NHL season. I also probed her on her photography interests. Soon, our plates were empty and we were just chatting and drinking our wine. During a break in the conversation I checked the clock - 8:02. Not much time before Will would call. Amber looked at my face, then at the clock. "That was a wonderful meal," she said before taking my hand and giving it a gently squeeze. "You relax. Let me clean up."
"Thank you, Amber," I replied with a smile. "I can at least help clear the table."
Amber positioned herself at the sink and started on the plates and silverware while I brought over the pans. I took the spot along the counter that she occupied earlier and slowly drank the remnants of the wine. From over the rim of my glass I watched Amber scrub and rinse the plates and pans. I sucked in my top lip when I caught sight of her ass shaking slightly from her movements. Once again I felt a fire starting in my core and a dampness forming between my legs.
When Amber started on the last pan, I put my glass down on the counter and moved behind her. My body pressed against her back as I wrapped an arm around her waist. I saw her smile from the faint reflection in the window behind the sink as her butt pushed back against my crotch. My free hand pushed back the hair on one side of her head and I leaned in to nuzzle behind her exposed ear. My lips slowly travelled down to the nape of her neck. Amber moaned lightly. "You keep doing that and this pan won't be the only thing that is soaked," she whispered. I responded by licking my way back up to her ear and sucking on her earlobe.
Amber finished rinsing off the pan and turned off the water. Her hands moved to the edge of the sink to steady herself and her eyes closed. The arm I had around her waist moved under her shirt and caressed her smooth tight stomach. It then slowly travelled up her front and cupped her bare breast, causing her breath to draw in sharply. I squeezed the fleshy mound as my mouth attacked her neck. "Oooohhhh Kirsty," she moaned as I started to roll a hardening nipple between my thumb and finger.
Suddenly, Amber broke my embrace and spun around to face me. Her eyes burned with passion as both hands grabbed my head and pulled me into a deep kiss. Her tongue forced its way into my mouth. My hands grabbed her ass and pulled her tight. As our tongues swirled and danced back and forth, I guided Amber carefully over to the couch. We fell onto the cushions with her on top of me. I wrapped a leg around her, pulling her in tight. My hands roamed freely over her body as we made out fiercely, grinding our hips into each other.
My phone started to ring from the coffee table next to the couch. "Fuck," I swore in a breathless throaty whisper as Amber's mouth and tongue explored my neck.
Amber reluctantly released my body from her embrace and straddled my legs. She pushed her hair back revealing her flushed face. "His timing is impeccable," she sighed.
I slid my legs out from under her and reached for the phone. I turned to Amber and put a finger to my lips before answering. "Hello," I said hopefully without too much annoyance.
"Hey babe," will answered. "Are you ok?"
"Yeah, why?" I asked.
"You sound out of breath."
I put my hand over the speaker and as I stifled a laugh. "Oh, I was upstairs and left my phone on the coffee table. I ran to make sure I didn't miss you." Amber put both hands over her mouth to not laugh.
"Oh, ok," Will replied obliviously. "How are things?"
"Oh they're fine." I said, then continued. "Hey are you back in the hotel? Do you want to FaceTime?"
"Yeah that would be great. I have missed seeing your face."
"Awww. Me too," I replied. "Give me a sec to go upstairs, then I will call you back."
"Al...alright," Will said a bit confused. "See you in a bit."
"Bye, hon." I sad before hanging up.
I got off the couch, took Amber's hand, and led her upstairs. Once in the bedroom, I opened my laptop and readjusted the FaceTime view. As I was dong this, Amber slipped off her pumps and sat on the edge of the bed.
"So how do you want to do this?" She asked.
My mind blanked. "I have no idea," I said in a slight panic.
Amber tried to calm me down. "Don't worry about making it perfect," she said while caressing my head. "Let's just keep things simple." I just nodded at the suggestion. Amber looked at the laptop screen and back to the room. She got up from the bed and stood in the corner next to the dresser. "Can you see me on the screen if I stand here?"
I looked at the screen and just saw myself and the bed. "No, you are off-screen."
"Ok, just start your conversation and tell him you have a surprise. When he asks what it is, I can come strolling over," Amber suggested.
"That sounds good," I said. "Just come over when I reach a hand out. Are you ready?"
Amber nodded and I dialed Will's number from the laptop and sat in the middle of the bed with my legs curled underneath me. The light blue fuzzy top blanket warmed my bare legs. After a few moments, Will's face appeared on the screen. "Hi babe!" He beamed at me.
"Hey you," I replied with a big smile. "It is good to see your face again."
"You too," he said. "I have missed you."
"I've missed you too," I said.
"So how was your day with Amber," he asked.
I grinned a wicked grin and saw Will raise a questioning eyebrow on the screen. "It was great." I tried to focus on Will and not look over to Amber too soon. "She's really fun and we have a lot in common. In fact..." I paused for dramatic effect. "Our day hasn't ended." With that I reached my hand out and looked over to Amber with a warm smile.
Amber slowly walked over to me. Will's eyes nearly bugged out of his head as Amber appeared on the screen. She walked to the edge of the bed and then crawled over to me. I am sure Will got a wonderful view of her ass. Amber took my head in her hand and gave me a firm kiss on the lips. She then turned to sit next to me and looked at the screen. "Hi Will," she said sweetly with a wave of her fingers.
"Holy shit," was all Will could say.
"Are you surprised, baby?" I asked as Amber placed a hand on my bare thigh.
"I am," Will said with a grin.
"I hope you aren't upset."
"Not at all," Will replied. "A little disappointed I can't be there in person though."
Amber and I laughed at his response, then Amber said. "Well next time we will be sure to invite you to the party properly."
"I would appreciate that," Will said with a chuckle.
"But just because you can't be here doesn't mean you can't participate," I said. I felt Amber's hand start to slide up my thigh as I addressed Will. She leaned over and began to kiss my neck. "If there is anything you want to see just let us know. Otherwise we ask that you sit back and enjoy the show."
Will quickly licked his lips, then said. "Oh I am sure I will. There are already things that come to mind."
"Good." I said. "Now if you don't mind Amber and I are going to release some tension that has been building all day." I didn't even wait for his reply.
I took Amber's head in my hands and gave her a deep kiss. We both moaned into each other's mouth. Her hand flew to my breast and gave it a squeeze, drawing a deeper moan from my throat. I reciprocated by grabbing her ass and pulling her on top of me. My heels dug onto her calves as I kneaded her tight butt. She broke our kiss and devoured my neck. "Yeeessss," I sighed. I moved one hand to the back of her head, pressing her tighter into me.
Amber's lips slowly moved up my neck to my ear. "I have been wanting to do this all day," she whispered. "I can't wait to taste you."
A low "pleeeassss" was my only response.
Amber sat back on her knees, my legs on either side of her. She slowly untied the knot at the bottom of my shirt, then began to work on the few buttons I had fastened. With the buttons undone, her hands moved to my bare waist, the thumbs pointing in. She looked me in the eyes and gave me a quick wink. I bit my lip as her hands slowly slid up the side of my body. My shirt fell open as they moved. Her eyes dropped to take in the sight of my breasts. My breathing was picking up and caused them to sway slightly. Finally, Amber's hands reached my breasts and cupped then tenderly. The cool air of the room had caused my light brown nipples to pucker, but it was the swirling touch of Amber's thumbs that turned them to stone. I closed my eyes and sighed at her touch.
With her hands encircling my breasts, Amber leaned down and sucked my right nipple. Into her mouth. "Holyfuck," I gasped as her tongue flicked at the hard nub. I grabbed the hair at the back of her head and pulled her head tight against my chest. Little moans and squeaks escaped my throat as amber sucked, licked, and bit the soft flesh.
After several minutes of pleasuring both of my tits, Amber released them and sat up again. She reached out a single finger and slowly circled one of my nipples. She turned her head to look at Will in the screen. "What do you think Will? Have I gotten her worked up enough?"
"Probably," he replied. "But only one way to tell."
"I like the way you think," Amber said with a wink before turning back to look at me.
Her finger travelled down the valley of my breasts and down my front. It circled my navel a few times before continuing further south. It eventually found the top of my shorts. Amber gazed into my eyes as she undid the button on my shorts and opened the zipper. She then leaned forward and kissed between my breasts. She kissed and licked my chest and belly as her mouth slowly travelled the path previously navigated by her finger. I hissed and arched my back when her tongue dipped into my navel. She smiled at the reaction she drew from my body.
Soon Amber was kneeling between my feet. She grasped the top of my shorts and I raised my hips to help her pull them down. After slipping them off my feet she threw them to the floor. She gently pushed my legs open with her hands and looked me in the eyes. "Are you ready for this?" She softly asked me.
"Please fuck me," was all I said.
Amber smiled and adjusted her position. She kissed the inside of my thigh by my knee, eliciting a small moan from me. Her tongue traced a wet path up my leg until it reached the crease at the top. After wrapping her hands around my thighs, Amber breathed in my heavy dank aroma. She pressed her tongue against my cloth-covered mound and I arched my back hard. "Yeeeesssss," I moaned deeply as her tongue slowly moved over the damp fabric. I grabbed and squeezed my breasts as Amber licked my burning pussy. "Ohgodyes," I moaned.
After making her initial taste, Amber sat up again and moved off the bed. I raised my head to watch her as she quickly pulled off her shirt. I admired her firm breasts. They were smaller then mine and were capped with light pink nipples that were now hard with arousal. With her shirt off, Amber began to slip out of her jeans. She had to shimmy a bit to get them over her hips and this caused her tits to bounce delightfully. She stood in front of me clad only in the thin material of her thong. She took her tits in both hands and asked, "Do you like my tits?" I bit my lip and nodded my approval. "How about you, Will?" She asked while looking down at me. She fingers pinched and twisted her nipples as she awaited his answer.
"Mmm hmm," Will replied through the screen. "They look delightful. I would love to suck on them."
Amber smiled at the suggestion. "All in due time," she replied. "Kirsty, I want those panties off now," she commanded.
I hooked my thumbs into the waistband and pulled my knees up to my chest. I pushed my thong over my hips and legs then playfully tossed the wet material to Amber, who caught it with a laugh. My fingers found my wet slit as I waited for Amber to make her next move. One touch of my clit caused my back to arch again.
Amber roughly grabbed my knees and repositioned me so that my side was facing the laptop. She pushed my legs open and swatted at my hand before plunging her face into my pussy. I cried out in pleasure as her tongue forced its way between my wet lips. It moved north and pressed into my hard clit. "Yesssss!" I cried out as my back arched hard. I grabbed my breasts with both hands, squeezing them together and pinching my hard nipples.
Amber lapped at my sopping wet pussy like a desert traveler stopping at an oasis. She sucked on my clit and flicked it with her tongue. In no time at all she had me on the edge of release. My hips bucked into her face as a hand pulled her head tighter. "Oh my God yeeesss!" I cried out. "I'm cuuumingggg!" The sexual tension that had been building since this morning released onto Amber's face and tongue. My knees clenched and held her face tight, forcing her to drink the juices that flowed from my pussy. My body shook as my orgasm crested and flowed throughout my body.
When it was over, my body relaxed its grip on Amber, and she once again moved up my body to give me a kiss. I returned it with a passion then broke it off so I could clean her lips and chin with my tongue. When I was done, Amber lay her head on my chest and held me as small aftershocks ran through by body.
My breathing gradually slowed and I stroked Amber's golden hair. She gently kissed one of my retreating nipples. "Fuck, I needed that," was all I could say.
Amber raised her head to look at me and smiled. "I'm glad I could help." She then turned to look at Will. "What did you think?"
"That was fucking hot," was all he could say.
I turned my head to my husband. "Are you hard yet, baby?"
"How could I not be," he said.
"Show us," I commanded.
Without a word Will pushed his chair back from the desk in his hotel room and stood up. Amber and I watched as he undid his belt and opened his slacks. He pushed them down revealing the grey boxer briefs underneath. The outline of his cock was clearly visible along with a wet stain at the end. I licked my lips and Amber's tongue snaked out of her mouth and licked my nipple. Will pushed down his underwear and his seven inch cock sprung forward. As Amber and I admired his cock it bounced lightly with every beat of his heart. The end glistened with precum.
"Good boy," I said. "What do you want us to do now," I asked.
Will thought as he gave his cock a few light strokes. Finally he said, "Kirsty, I want you to lie on your back at the end of the bed. Amber, I want you to sit on Kirsty's face."
"Oh goody," Amber said with delight. She got off me and, as I moved into the requested position, she said to Will, "I'll be able to see you, you know. I want you to keep stroking that beautiful cock while you are watching."
"Can do," Will replied. He moved is own laptop to a similar position as the one in our room. He was now sitting at the end of his bed. He quickly stripped off his shirt and took hold of his thick shaft.
I laid back on the bed with my head at the edge. My hair cascaded down the side. Amber slipped off her own panties and threw them to the floor. She then moved over me, placing her knees at the edge of the bed. Her pussy was directly over my face. There was a light patch of hair right above her slit. I could see her swollen lips were already wet and glistening. She slowly lowered herself down and my hands grabbed her hips. My tongue reached out and gave her a single slow lick all the way to her clit. Amber threw her head back and her long hair tickled my belly. "Yessssssss," she moaned.
"How does she taste?" Will asked me.
I did my best to answer "Heavenly." I continued to lick Amber's swollen pussy. I teased her clit with light taps and periodically sucked on her lips. Amber squealed in delight. Soon she was dictating the pace by grinding her hips back and forth on my face. "Oh fuck yes!" She cried out. "That tongue in magic." She looked at the screen. "Don't you dare stop working that cock, Will. I want to you cum while Kirsty eats my hot pussy."
I couldn't see what Will was doing, but Amber's command made me double my efforts. My tongue found her wet hole and dove into it. Her sweet juice flowed down my tongue and into my throat. As my tongue fucked my pussy, I reached my fingers around to rub her clit. "Ohmygod!" She screamed as her head flew back again. "Don't fucking stop!"
My face was covered with Amber's sweet nectar as I continued my assault on her pussy. She leaned back and gave me even more access. As I sucked on her clit, I could hear Will's groans getting deeper. I knew I was quickly pushing Amber closer toward release and didn't dare sneak a peak at Will.
I felt one of Amber's hands touch my belly in several places. After several attempts they finally what they were looking for and began to work their magic on my clit. I moaned into Amber's pussy, which caused her to squeal again. This sight must have been too much for Will as I heard a now familiar deep groan come from the direction of the laptop, followed by Will's voice moaning "Oh fuck."
Amber released my clit and straightened up again. "That just leaves me, baby," she reported back. "Make me cum all over your beautiful face."
My licking and sucking grew in intensity and Amber's moans became more urgent. I snaked a hand up her belly and gave her breast a tight squeeze. My fingers rolled and tugged at her nipple as I sucked her clit and flicked my tongue over it. The sensation was too much for her. "Of fuck, I'm cumming!" I felt a warm thick wetness flood my face as Amber's body began to shake and tremble. Her hips bucked against my face as wave after wave of pleasure coursed through her body. Eventually, Amber fell off me and collapsed on the bed, her breathing ragged.
As Amber lay spent on the bed, I stood up and shrugged off my shirt that was now damp with sweat and pussy juice. I went to the bathroom and wet a washcloth with hot water. I wiped my face and crotch with the warm wet towel, then brought it to the bed so I could clean Amber. I sat on the bed next to her and gently wiped her face as I smiled down at her her. I then moved to kneel on the floor and gently cleaned her thighs and pussy. When I was done I gave her a loving kiss on her lower lips before returning the cloth to the bathroom.
I returned to the bed and snuggled up next to her. I wrapped an arm around her chest and pushed my leg between hers. I could feel the heat from her crotch on my bare thigh. For several minutes we lay there kissing lightly and stroking each other's naked body. Amber rolled her head back against the bed and I nuzzled her neck. "That was amazing," she said with a sigh.
"Mmm hmmm," I said to her neck.
"Do you think we could turn this into a regular thing?" she asked.
"I think Kirsty would be game," Will replied. I looked at him in the laptop screen and poked my tongue out playfully.
"How about you, Will?" Amber asked the ceiling.
"Well I haven't done much, but you two look like a ball of fun together," he said with a laugh.
I shifted my position to rest my head on Amber's breast so I could look a Will. Amber took the opportunity to stroke my hair lightly. "I'm sorry baby. We should have included you more."
"It's alright," Will tried to reassure me. "I had a blast just watching."
I continued. "Well now that Amber and I have released a day's worth of tension, do you want to continue?"
"I'd like that," Will said.
"Alright," Amber said. "What would you have us do." Amber and I sat up on the bed as Will thought. He was taking his sweet time, perhaps to build the tension again, so Amber and I turned to each other to kiss some more.
Finally, Will spoke up. "Kirsty, I want you to kneel down with you ass in the air."
We broke our embrace. "I would be delighted to," I said with a twinkle in my eye. Amber gave me some space and I got into position. I looked over my shoulder to Will. "Like this?"
"Mmm turn my direction a bit more," he said wanting to get the best view. "Perfect," he said after I shifted a bit.
"I think we both have the best view in the house, Will," Kirsty said with a laugh. I playfully shook my butt back and forth in response. I grabbed a pillow and placed my head on it to make myself more comfortable.
"Just wait," Will replied. "Now Amber, I want you to open the drawer to the end table on the other side of the bed." I squealed from the pillow, knowing what was to come next. I watched Amber travel to the end table with grin.
Amber slowly pulled back the drawer. "Oh my," she said feigning shock. "You are one dirty little girl," she said looking at me. I playfully covered my face with a hand. "Which should I take?" Amber asked Will.
"Your choice," Will answered.
Amber placed a finger on her chin. "Hmmmmm," she said in thought. I watched as she slowly extended her hand into the drawer to feel the contents. I did my best to telepathically send her my wish. Her hand stopped on a object and she turned to look at me with a wicked grin. "I think this will do nicely," she said with a quick wink before pulling out a thick, purple, and veiny dildo.
"Oh goody," I said while giving my butt another shake.
"An excellent choice," Will said. "Please return to your position next to Kirsty."
Amber closed the drawer and walked back around the bed. I felt the bed sink a bit as she kneeled next to me. Suddenly a smack rang out through the room and my ass burned from the slap she gave it. I yelped in surprise and pain, but my pussy was already getting wet. "I'm sorry baby," Amber said. "Just a little something Will and I cooked up when you weren't looking." I felt her warm wet lips press against the injured flesh of my butt cheek. "Does that make it better?"
"Mmmm hmm," I moaned into my pillow with a nod.
"Ok, Amber," Will spoke up. "Before you use that on our Kirsty you need to make sure she is ready for it. Can you check how wet she is?"
"My pleasure," Amber said. I jumped a bit as two fingers lightly pressed against the hood of my clit. Amber slowly traced her fingers along the cleft of my moist bald labia. She then pressed them slowly but firmly into my damp vagina. I released a low drawn out moan into the pillow as Amber's fingers entered me with ease. After burying them completely she slowly drew them out with a twisting motion. When all but the tips were out, she slowly pushed them back in. "Yeeeeessssss," I moaned.
"She is soaking wet," Amber reported back to Will.
"Good," Will said. "I'll let you decide when to start."
"Sounds good," Amber said. She gave my pussy a few more slow strokes with her fingers and then slipped them out. I felt a river of juice run down my lips. Amber shifted her position a bit and her wet fingers appeared in front of my face. I eagerly devoured them, cleaning them with my tongue. As I sucked on Amber's fingers I felt a cold pressure at my vagina. My eyes opened wide and I moaned around Amber's fingers as the dildo slowly made its way inside me. The veiny silicone felt wonderful against my tight velvety walls. Once she had worked the entire length in she let it sit while I adjusted to its presence. I had used this toy several times before, but in my current position it felt enormous.
Soon I was feeling more relaxed. I managed to remove Amber's fingers and looked back at her with pleaded eyes. "Please fuck me," I begged.
"As you wish," she replied before slowly pulling the toy out. My eyes closed in pleasure as Amber returned the toy back to my depths. My new lover was slowly driving my dildo back and forth. The pleasure was incredible and my moaning served to encourage her further. Soon she was twisting the toy as it moved, causing the veins to send interesting sensations outward from my sopping wet core. My face was buried in my pillow muffling my uncontrolled moans.
Amber was now working my pussy faster. A river of thick juice was flowing down my thigh and pooling at my knee. I felt a hand cup one of my breasts and give it a squeeze. My hands flew above my head and gripped the blanket in my fists. I managed to turn my head to the side. "Oh God, yes!" I cried out. "It feels so goooood." I felt my body begin to tense as Amber drove me closer to my second orgasm of the night.
Will chimed in, "Hey, Amber. Can you slow down a bit there? It looks like Kirsty is getting close and I don't want her to cum yet."
"Hmmm, good point Will," she replied. "Don't want the fun to end too soon." She stopped the thrusting of the dildo and left it buried inside me. I was so close to cumming and whimpered in frustration. "Sorry, babe," Amber said lovingly. "Will is in charge now." I shot him a dirty look and he laughed knowing he was safe from a thousand miles away.
As my building orgasm subsided I released my tight grip on the blanket. Amber moved to inspect her handywork. "Oh my," she said. "It looks like we have spring a leak. I should probably clean that up. Her tongue touched my inner thigh as she began to lap up the sweet juices that flowed freely from my pussy. She worked her way up my leg, licking as she went, before licking all around the purple invader that was impaled in my pussy. She then started to lick my puckered asshole. I gasped in shock and delight, then moaned in pleasure as the sensation washed over me.
"Holy fuck, that is hot," Will said from the screen.
"Oh my god, it feels so good," I moaned back to Amber. As she continued to lick my ass, she snaked a hand underneath me and began to slowly press circles into my clit. My grip on the blanket began to tighten again, as I felt my orgasm build once more.
"Alright, we should be nice to our little Kirsty," Will said. "If we are too mean she may not let us play anymore."
Amber stopped her tonguing and laughed. "Good point, Will." She slid her free hand up my spine and grabbed a handful of hair. She pulled my face out of the pillow. "Are you ready cum, sweetheart?"
"Yes, please," I groaned through gritted teeth.
Amber released my hair and started to work the dildo again. Slowly at first, then gradually picking up speed. Her other hand kept busy rubbing my clit and rolling it between her fingers. In no time at all my back was arching as I felt the fire inside my pussy build to a roar. I gripped the blanket tightly as I cried out, "OH FUCK YEEEESSSSS! MMMMMMpppph."
My body shook as another orgasm ripped though me. My pussy clamped down hard on the dildo making it difficult for Amber to move it. She rubbed my clit furiously, drawing wave after wave of pleasure out of me. A flood of thick wetness flowed out of my pussy and down my legs, turning the top blanket a darker blue. After what seemed like forever, my body finally stopped shaking and I collapsed onto the bed in a heap. Beads of sweat appeared on my back and ran down my spine to pool at my lower back. Low satisfied moans and groans escaped my throat only to be muffled by the pillow.
Amber gently eased the dildo out of my quivering pussy, causing several delightful aftershocks to course through my body. After unplugging me a final flood of juice leaked from me and pooled underneath me. Amber gently stroked my head and left soft kisses on my shoulder. My ragged breathing soon slowed and small coos of satisfaction welled up from my throat. Finally I managed to whisper, "Holy fuck that was amazing. I haven't cum like that in a while." I quickly followed up with "No offense, Will."
Will chuckled. "None taken. I wish I could do that to you all the time." We all laughed.
Amber and Will chatted a bit as they let me recover from my monster orgasm. Amber held me and stroked my hair. She gave me soft kisses every so often.
Eventually, Will chimed in with, "God I wish I was there right now so I could fuck both of you."
"Hey, babe," I said from Amber's lap. "That gives me an idea."
Will had a confused look on his face, then his eyes opened wide as he understood. "You mean...?"
I bit my lip and nodded to him, "Uh hun."
"Get it," was all he said.
Now it was Amber's turn to be confused. "What are you two talking about?" She asked as Will and I set about on our understood tasks.
I grabbed my phone from the dresser and then headed to my toy drawer to retrieve my favorite wand. I then sat back against the headboard of the bed. I opened my legs and patted the bed in front of me. "Sit here and lean against me," I commanded Amber. She crawled over to me and gave me a quick kiss before taking her position. I managed to hook her feet with my legs and spread her legs open. I opened the appropriate app on my phone and turned on the wand. "We are ready here, hon," I said to Will.
Will was fiddling with his phone and looked up at us. "Holy shit that is an amazing sight," he said. We both giggled. "Ok here. You ready?" He asked me.
I checked the app and saw everything was good to go. "Yup, looks like we are good to go here," I reported.
"Wait a sec," Amber said. "Can someone please explain what is going on?"
I held up the wand for Amber to see. "So this little beauty is my favorite toy," I started. "Not only is it a fiercely powerful and rumbly wand, but it can also be controlled from anywhere in the world." I made sure Amber could see that my fingers were only holding the device when it suddenly jumped to life.
"Holy shit!" Amber jumped in surprise. "What just happened?"
"That was me," Will answered. He held up his phone to the screen and showed Amber how he could control it from his phone.
Amber had a dumbfounded look on her face. "So you mean to tell me that Will can make me cum from his hotel room?"
"Yup," I said. "All he needs is a helping hand on this end."
"Well this I gotta see," she said before leaning back again and getting comfortable. "Bring it, Will," she challenged him with a smirk.
"Careful what you wish for," he replied. He set the wand speed to its lowest setting, which was already pretty powerful and I placed the round head against Amber's crotch.
She jumped back against me in surprise. "Holy crap that's powerful." She said before relaxing against the device.
"And that's only the lowest setting," I said.
"Oh crap," she said softly realizing what she had gotten herself into.
Amber closed her eyes as the powerful vibrations worked their magic on her clit. "Ooooohhhh," she moaned as I felt her body relax and melt against my chest. I felt the device rumble faster as Will slowly increased the speed on his end. After a few moments, he slowly worked it down to a lower setting. For several minutes Will slowly cycled the speed up and down. I watched Amber's chest rise and fall as her breathing quickened. She was biting her lip and I felt her hips begin to rock back and forth against the head of the wand.
My free hand cupped one of Amber's breasts, and I began to gently tug and play with the hard nipple. "Yeeeesssss," Amber moaned from behind her closed eyes. "My God, this feels so good." I felt the wand was on an upswing, but instead of dropping it back down, Will kept it at a middle speed for awhile. Amber's hips were bucking back and forth, and her moans were getting deeper.
Suddenly I felt the speed shoot up. Amber squealed as her eyes opened wide. Her hands gripped the blanket tightly. "Ohmygod," she screamed. Will held the high speed briefly then brought it back to the middle speed. "Oh fuck," Amber panted as the vibrations slowed.
"Were you close, baby," I whispered in her ear loud enough for Will to hear.
"Mmm hmmm," Amber moaned back to me.
"Too bad," I said. "I don't think Will is done with you yet." I winked at Will with a wicked smirk.
Will smiled back as he lowered the speed further.
"Noooo pleeease," Amber pleaded softly. "I was slow close."
"Now, now," Will said. "We'll let you finish. But, it will be on our terms." Amber just whimpered as the progress toward her orgasm dwindled away. Will shifted his eyes to look at me. "Hey hon, how about you see how wet she is?"
"Mmmm with pleasure," I said before taking the wand away. I released Amber's tit and slid my hand down her stomach. When I reached her pussy, I slid two fingers over her hard clit and between her swollen pussy lips. "She is so wet, baby," I reported back. My fingers continued down and easily slipped inside her pussy. Amber rocked her hips back and forth to fuck my fingers. I felt her juices run down my finger and pool in the palm of my hand. After letting Amber fuck my fingers for a bit I pulled them out and lifted them to her mouth. She devoured my fingers and lapped up her thick liquid as I placed the wand back against her pussy. She moaned around my fingers as the vibrations started her on another journey toward release.
For another 20 minutes, Will tortured poor Amber by bringing her to the brink only to have her fall back down. I felt her entire body tremble as I held her in place. Sweat was rolling down her back and her hair was starting to stick to her neck and shoulders. Finally she could take no more. "Pleeeeasse," she begged breathlessly. "I need to cuuummmm."
I gently kissed her sweaty temple, then whispered in her ear. "You've been a good girl. You can have your reward." Amber responded with a grateful smile.
I looked at Will and nodded slightly. He slowly, but steadily brought the wand up to its highest setting and held it there. In no time, I felt Amber's body begin to tense. Her hands gripped the blanket tightly. "Ooooooooooyeesssssss," she moaned through clenched teeth. Suddenly her back arched high and her hips began to buck hard. Her entire body began to shake and quiver. If she had a breath to give she would have screamed in pleasure. The wand pulsated against her clit as wave after wave of pleasure coursed through her body. "Oooh FUUUCCCK!" Amber screamed when she finally found a breath. Her hand slapped away the wand as she became too sensitive. Her body tensed into a ball and I held her sweaty body steady.
After the main orgasm had run its course, Amber rolled onto the bed. She breathed heavily as aftershocks rocked her body. I took her head in my hands and gave her a deep kiss to sooth her. I could taste her salty sweetness on her lips and tongue. Amber moaned into my mouth. With one had she grabbed the back of my head and pulled me in tighter. I broke our kiss and sat next to her. I gently patted her matted head to calm her down.
After several minutes, Amber had recovered enough to speak. "Holy fuck, that was amazing," she softly said while looking at the ceiling. "Does Will make you come like that as well?"
"Sometimes," I said. "It isn't something you can take all the time."
Amber thought about this for a second. "No, I suppose not."
I sat holding Amber for a few minutes before Will spoke again. "Well you two look fucked out."
"Yeah, I don't think I could take much more," Amber said. "Thank you both for a wonderful night."
"It was our pleasure," I said with a smile.
"Look, I would love to spend more time with you two," Will said. "But, I have an early morning tomorrow."
"No problem, sweetie," I said. "We should probably call it a night as well."
"Alright then," Will said. "Have a good night. I'll try to give you a call tomorrow."
"I would like that," I said. "Sweet dreams, hon."
"You too. And good night to you, Amber."
"Thanks," Amber said with a yawn. She quickly covered her mouth in surprise. "Wow, guess I am more tired than I thought." We all laughed.
I blew Will a kiss as I shutdown the connection. When I turned around, Amber was giving her tired body a long stretch. "Ok you," I said sternly. "Don't get too comfy. I need to get this in the wash real quick." I pulled at the corner of the blanket.
"Awwwww," Amber whined. "But it feel so nice."
"I promise I will replace it," I reassured her. "Now git."
Amber reluctantly rolled over to the head of the bed and pushed the blanket down. She then quickly got under the white sheet underneath. "This is too chilly," she announced. She laid her head back into a pillow and the sheet fell so that only her lower half was covered. She lightly circled a nipple with one of her fingers. "Come warm me up?" She asked seductively before blighting her lip.
I rolled my eyes. "You are incorrigible," I said. "Just give me a second and I will."
"You better," she said with a wink.
I balled up the blanket in my arms and headed downstairs to put it in the wash. Before heading back upstairs I stopped in the kitchen and filled up two glasses of water. When I returned to bedroom I found Amber in more-or-less the same position, but her eyes were now closed and she was breathing lightly. I shook my head slightly before placing one glass of water on the end table nearest her. After placing the other glass on the other end table, I collected the used wand and dildo and brought them to the bathroom sink for a good cleaning. I set them on the counter to dry and went to fetch a new blanket from the closet. I did my best to cover the bed without waking Amber and she only stirred a couple of times. After quickly brushing my teeth, I turned off the light to the room and silently slipped under the covers. I snuggled up to Amber's cool body and wrapped an arm around her, then eased a leg in between hers. Amber stirred a bit at my touch, but quickly fell back asleep.
I looked at her in the murky darkness and whispered, "Good night, lover" before quickly falling asleep myself.