Charlie had always felt like he was invisible at Pine Hills High School. Or, perhaps it was more accurate to say that he felt more like a school employee than a student, invisible in the same way that Daryl the security guard was invisible to the high school kids. Or the custodians, or the guy who maintained the sports fields. Charlie had joined the AV department his first year in high school, and by junior year he was the student supervisor. He was always at the football games, always at the basketball games, always at every event, but he was always there working, and no one paid any attention to him.
Now, suddenly, everyone could see him. The story of the cafeteria incident had travelled quickly around the school and now it seemed like everyone knew what had happened. Everyone knew Michelle had confronted him in the middle of the cafeteria. Everyone knew she had run away crying, and he'd chased after her. They were happy to fill in the rest of the details themselves.
People he rarely talked to now came up to him as if he was an old friend. Jerrod Sanders threw his arm around Charlie in the hallway, leaned in like they were co-conspirators and whispered, "Charlie! What's this I hear about you got something going on with Michelle?" The skateboarders that inhabited the bench behind the auditorium chorused "Way to go, Charlie!" when he walked by.
Myra Tenney and a group of junior girls surrounded him at his locker, with expectant smiles and twinkling eyes, to tell him that they would deliver a message to Michelle if he wanted. Also to share with him an assortment of other rumors they had heard, as if he was part of their gossip ring. His response, "This is between me and Michelle," only caused the girls to giggle and exchange meaningful looks.
He didn't want to talk to anyone but Michelle, but she was now impossible to find. He wandered the hallways, searching for a glimpse of her, even staking out her locker, but she never seemed to be around. He thought maybe she had called in sick, but then he glimpsed her at the end of the day, far off at the other end of the hall, walking with a group of her friends. He rushed down the hall trying to catch her, but by the time he reached where he'd seen her, she was gone.
Charlie had to face Ronni in the AV room. She approached him, looking pensive. "Charlie, did you already ask Michelle Santos to prom?" she asked in a low voice.
"No!" he said. "Look... I know there's some rumors going around..."
"I overheard some boys talking about it." Ronni chewed her bottom lip. "They said you had to choose between Michelle and me and you chose me. Which is good, I guess, but some of the things they were saying about me weren't very nice... like why would you choose someone like me over someone like her. They said you were crazy to pick me..."
Charlie shook his head. "I'm sorry... I hope you just ignored them..."
"I'm good at ignoring negativity, most of the time. But geez, Charlie... when you asked me to the prom, I didn't expect all this drama... I thought we were just two friends going together..."
"I know." Charlie rubbed his forehead, trying to push away the throbbing in his temple. "Here's what happened. I met Michelle on a weekend when we were both at the school, when the school was pretty empty. She was doing spirit squad stuff, I was editing in the bay. We went out a few times. Three times. Honestly, I didn't think she liked me that much. She hardly ever talked to me when we were at school, kinda like she didn't want anyone to know she had gone out with me. So we stopped dating and I thought that was the end of it. But then she got upset that I asked you to the prom instead of her, and she let me know in the cafeteria in front of everyone."
"So... would you rather go with her?" Ronni gazed at him.
Charlie remembered his moment of epiphany the day after Third Michelle. Whatever was going on in Michelle's head, he didn't need to be the one to make sense of it. "I want to go with you. That's why I asked you. I didn't ask her."
"Okay." Ronni nodded. "Have you talked to Michelle?"
"Not yet."
"You should."
"I will." Charlie looked towards the glass window, the window where he had seen Michelle walking naked that first Saturday.
"Girls can be like that, you know," Ronni said. "My brother's ex acted like she didn't care at all about him, until he found a new girlfriend. Then suddenly she acted super jealous. Sometimes girls take it for granted you'll be there, until you aren't, then they get possessive."
Charlie shrugged. "I don't know."
Ronni grinned. "Or maybe she's just crazy."
Charlie chuckled. "Yeah. That could be it."
They laughed.
That night, Charlie sat in his room, gazing at Michelle's clothing which he had carefully arranged on his bed, and he thought maybe he was the crazy one. All he could think about was how he had never seen her wear this outfit. She had discarded the clothing in the back of his car before coming to see him, the day of the Second Michelle. He had never seen her wearing it, and now he never would.
Why did he tell himself in the daylight that he was going to try for a normal relationship with Ronni, when he still had reminders of Michelle hidden all around his room? If he was serious about moving on from Michelle, he should take all of it, throw it in a paper bag and toss it in a dumpster somewhere. Everything. Even his tribute video to her, which he had put hours into. Everything.
He couldn't do it.
Maybe after he talked to her. Yes, that was the answer. He would wait to talk to her, get some closure. Then he'd make a clean break, throw it all away.
***
The next day, he didn't bother trying to hunt down Michelle. Instead, he found Vanessa Watson.
Vanessa was the head cheerleader, and Michelle's best friend. Everyone called her Vampire Vanessa, a nickname she didn't seem to mind. She had perfect teeth, except for her canines, which were slightly crooked, protruding down more than normal. They did look a little like fangs when she smiled, and combined with her raven black hair and light complexion, the nickname fit her well.
Charlie found her at her locker. Alone, thankfully, so he didn't need to ask to speak to her in private. He wanted to deal with as few of Michelle's friends as possible.
"Hi, Vanessa," he said.
"Hi, Charlie." She pulled books out of her locker without looking at him. She didn't seem overly surprised that he was there.
"I need to talk to Michelle. Do you think you could ask her if she'll meet me?"
"I don't know, Charlie... what do you want to talk to her about?" When he struggled to formulate a response, she chuckled. "Can't answer, huh? That's all right. She won't tell me anything either."
"I just need to talk to her."
Vanessa closed her locker door and turned to face him. "You know, Charlie, a week ago I would have said Michelle was my best friend and that we had no secrets from each other. I thought she pretty much told me everything. I believed it right up to the point she stood up in the cafeteria and walked over to you. Now, I'm really not sure if I know her at all."
He kept his face impassive. "Will you ask her?"
Vanessa scowled for a moment. Then she rolled her eyes. "Fine. Tell you what. Give me your number. I'll talk to Michelle. If she wants to talk to you, I'll text you and tell you where to be. Maybe she'll show up, maybe she won't. If she doesn't want to talk to you, I'm just going to text 'sorry', and that'll be it. Okay?"
"Okay. Thanks."
"I don't know what happened between you and her. She hasn't told me anything, so far. But I'll tell you what, Charlie. You're an idiot to turn down Michelle. She's the nicest person I know. I could easily recite a list of boys who want to take her to prom, a long list. Why she wanted to go with you, I have no idea. Just like I have no idea why you wouldn't want to take her. This whole thing makes absolutely no sense to me."
Charlie hadn't intended to tell Vanessa anything, but now he felt like he needed to defend himself. "I found out Michelle wanted to go to prom with me the same time everyone else did. In the cafeteria. That was the first time she ever mentioned the prom to me."
"Bullshit," Vanessa retorted. "You and Michelle have something going. She didn't just spontaneously decide you would ask her. She had a reason to think you would."
"We had something going," Charlie said. "But not anymore." He opened his Calculus textbook to the first page and quickly jotted his phone number in the corner. He tore off the corner and gave it to Vanessa.
"No promises," she said.
"I know."
Half an hour later, his phone buzzed. He checked and saw a text message: "Football stands, top row, after school."
He texted back: "Tell her I'll be there."
"Thanks, Vanessa," he murmured. "Owe you one."
***
He ascended the football stands right after his last class. He looked across the long rows, but he was the only one there. That time of year, the track team used the football field and surrounding track, and Charlie could see a handful of runners already doing warm-up laps. Most of the track team wouldn't show up until later; practice didn't start until an hour after last bell. Charlie made his way to the last row and sat down. He watched the joggers circle the track. They took no notice of him, sitting up there all alone.
Maybe she wouldn't show up.
It was an overcast day. They predicted rain later, and Charlie could already feel a cold breeze stirring the air. He wished he had brought his jacket. He wondered how long he would wait for her.
Then he saw her. She appeared at the edge of the field and glanced up at the stands, quickly locating him. He was the only one up there. She walked to the stairs and started to make her way up to him. She was beautiful, as always, wearing a grey knit dress and black coat, with black leggings. She looked down at the stairs as she ascended them, only looking his way when she reached his row.
"Hi, Michelle." His voice sounded muted, as if the still air swallowed the sound.
"Charlie." She sounded tired. She sat down near him, leaving a gap between them.
They sat in silence, gazing at the empty field. Finally, she spoke. "Glenn Mack asked me to the prom. I said yes."
"When?"
"When did he ask me? Or when did I say yes? He asked me before I heard you were going with Ronni. I said yes yesterday."
Glenn Mack was a football player. Tall, handsome, athletic. The type of guy someone like Michelle would be expected to go to prom with. The type of guy Charlie thought she would go with in the first place.
"Did you really think we would go to prom together?" he asked.
"I don't know. I thought you would ask, at least. I mean, I didn't know if you would want to go at all. But I thought, if you did want to go, you'd want to ask me..." She looked down. "It doesn't matter."
"I never thought you'd want to go with me."
"You didn't ask. Why'd you think I wouldn't want to go with you?"
"Because I thought you'd want to go with someone like Glenn Mack." Charlie rubbed his forehead. "We spend our time in different circles. We don't hang out with the same people. You don't talk to me, you don't even say hi to me. You pass right by me in the hall like I'm not there."
"You do the same to me," she said quietly. "You don't talk to me. You walk by me and don't look at me. You told me we were a secret."
"Aren't we a secret? I thought you didn't want anyone to know..."
"I never said we were a secret. You said it."
Charlie looked at her. "Really? We're not a secret? You think we should tell everyone what we do in the school on the weekends?"
"No. No! Of course not." She frowned. "It's none of anyone's business. But just because we don't tell anyone what we do, that doesn't mean that I thought you and I were a secret."
"Well, what does it mean then?"
Michelle didn't answer for a moment. Then she said, "Daryl knows about us. He thinks I'm your girlfriend. Remember? You introduced me as your girlfriend."
The corner of Charlie's mouth twitched. "You don't really think of yourself as my girlfriend, do you?"
Michelle looked at her black boots, propped up on the seat in front of her. "No..." she whispered.
"After that first Saturday... I tried to talk to you in the hall. I thought you'd be glad to see me, or something. I saw you and I said hi, and you walked right by. I tried again later and the same thing. Walked right by. Like you didn't want anything to do with me."
"I was shy."
"You were shy?" He stared at her. "Two weeks later, you came up to me completely naked and sat right in my lap. You didn't seem shy then."
Michelle twisted a strand of her hair around her finger. "I didn't know what to say to you. You caught me walking around the school naked! And instead of running away from you and getting dressed, I stayed naked and I just kept going. I even went outside with you... and we walked to the locker room... then we had sex..." She bit her lip. "I didn't really know you. I hoped you wouldn't tell anyone... but I didn't know you enough to trust you yet. I didn't know what there was between us...or if there was anything! Or if it was just something that had happened that went out of control, and would never happen again. I guess I wanted you to tell me what it meant. Because I didn't know. I didn't know what it meant." She took a breath. "I guess I thought you would chase after me. When guys like me, they chase after me. They'll ask me out and even if I say no, they'll ask again, and again..."
"I guess I don't know the rules," Charlie said. "I didn't know I was supposed to chase after you. I didn't think I had to. I thought that Saturday had already made us close. We had sex. That meant something to me."
"What, and you think it didn't mean anything to me?"
"Did it?"
"How can you even ask that!" Michelle glared at him.
"You acted like it never even happened." Charlie hunched over.
"No, YOU acted like it never even happened." Her voice was starting to rise. "You know what I did? I came back to you, and I gave myself to you. I came to your AV room and I sat in your lap like I belonged to you. You wanted to take me to the locker room so you could have sex with me, and I went. Then you wanted to have sex with me again on your car, and I did that, too."
"Michelle... keep your voice down..."
"And then you acted like that never happened! So I came to you again, and I gave myself to you again. Completely, absolutely. I was naked, on my knees, with your dick in my mouth, trying to make you happy while you were working on that stupid play!"
"I never asked you to..."
"I guess Ronni says hi to you when you pass her in the hall. Is that what it is? Is that the difference between me and her? I've let you fuck me, what, four times? But she says hi to you in the hall. So that's why you'd rather be with her. Of course! It all makes sense now."
"No! That's not why."
"You know what? I don't even want to know why." Michelle set her boots back down onto the metal flooring, causing a rattle to vibrate through the stands. "You take Ronni to the prom. I hope you have a good time. I hope you treat her better than you treated me."
"Michelle..." he started, but she was already on her feet and walking away. He thought about chasing her, but the truth was, he didn't really know what else to say. He watched her walk down the stairs, watched her until she was gone.
"Bye, Michelle..." he whispered.
***
"You ever eat anymore, Charlie?" Greg asked him.
Charlie took a moment to register that Greg was talking to him. He looked down at the fork he'd been using to scratch at his mac and cheese. He stabbed one of the noodles and brought it to his mouth.
"Glenn Mack and Cody Scolari," Greg said. "Is that who you're looking at?" The two football players sat together on a table in the corner of the cafeteria, laughing about something.
"Yeah."
"Those two guys should go to prom together," Greg said. "You never see one without the other."
Charlie stabbed another piece of macaroni. "No. Cody is going to prom with Vampire Vanessa. And Glenn is going with..."
"With your Michelle. Yeah, I know. I was just joking."
"Vanessa and Michelle are best friends. Cody and Glenn are best friends. It's a perfect fit. Two cheerleaders, two football players. The popular kids. Isn't that how it is in all the movies?"
"You regretting you didn't ask Michelle?" Greg asked.
Charlie shook his head. "No. Why would I? I'm going with Ronni."
"Right."
Charlie pushed his food around with his fork, staring at his plate silently. "I just regret how I handled it," he said finally. "I could have handled it better."
"Yeah?" Greg asked, too casually. No doubt hoping Charlie would finally tell the story of what had transpired between him and Michelle.
"Yeah. I should have talked to her more. I just assumed... I just made too many assumptions. I should have just talked to her." Charlie shook his head. "I guess it doesn't matter. It's all the same in the end."
***
Charlie lay in bed, staring at the ceiling. It was early evening Wednesday, and he was wondering if he should go in to the school on Saturday. Michelle wouldn't be there, of course. Or maybe she would be, but she wouldn't talk to him. Probably, she wouldn't ever talk to him again.
Under his bed, he still had his treasure trove of Michelle's things. He should get rid of them. Bundle them in a paper bag and toss them into a dumpster somewhere. Or, even return them to Michelle. It would be awkward, but maybe she deserved to have her things back. Did she wonder where she'd misplaced her vibrator?
He felt very tired all of a sudden. Tired of everything. He closed his eyes, surrendering to his weariness.
In the dream that came, he sat by himself on a school bus. The bus was full, and he could hear the chatter of teenagers around him. The bus wasn't moving, but he knew it would move soon. Outside, he could see the bus waited in front of the high school.
Someone came up the steps onto the bus. It was Michelle. She wore a frilly pink dress that seemed too fancy for the school bus. Michelle stopped, standing at the front of the bus next to the bus driver. She looked up the aisle uncertainly, as if not sure where to sit.
The bus driver was a middle-aged woman with short hair. "Clothes off, honey," the woman barked. "Whores don't get to wear clothes on the bus."
"She's not a whore," Charlie whispered, but Michelle immediately complied with the bus driver's command, reaching around to unzip her dress. She pushed it down her body until it fell at her feet. Underneath, she wore a black bra and panties, and she stripped these off as well, her eyes downcast. Now naked and shivering, she gathered up her clothing and pushed them into a black box which sat behind the bus driver.
Michelle lifted her eyes, gazing into the interior of the bus. She looked even more anxious now, her eyes darting from seat to seat, looking for an empty space, and the raucous crowd showered her with catcalls and laughter. Charlie waited for her to see the empty seat next to him. He knew that was where she would sit.
She began to make her way slowly down the aisle, and as she did, those she passed reached for her greedily, fondling her body as if she was public property. A hand reached out to squeeze her breast. Another hand slid over her backside. Michelle took a step forward, and a blonde girl reached between her legs to dig a finger into her. Michelle grimaced, but endured these violations without acknowledging them. She continued down the aisle.
The boy in front of Charlie twisted around, and Charlie recognized Cody Scolari's freckled face grinning at him. "What a whore!" Cody smirked. "You see her?"
"She's not a whore," Charlie said louder, but Cody didn't seem to hear.
"You can tell she likes this," Cody said. Michelle passed his seat, and Cody lunged for her, catching hold of her nipple and pinching it tightly between his thumb and index finger. Michelle flinched and stopped. She leaned forward, trying to pull out of Cody's grip. Charlie could see her breast stretch into a conical shape as Cody kept a tight hold of her nipple. Finally, the nipple slipped free and Michelle's breast snapped back to its normal shape. Michelle resumed her torturous walk.
Charlie looked at the empty seat next to him, then watched Michelle pass by without even looking at it. Charlie kept his eyes on her, watching helplessly as she approached an empty seat next to an unknown boy with long black hair and a goatee. She sat, and the boy immediately reached for her, pulling one of her legs into his lap, groping between her thighs...
His cellphone rang, startling him awake. Charlie sat up, momentarily disoriented. Such a vivid dream... he could still picture the distraught look on Michelle's face...
He glanced at the screen of his phone, seeing a number he didn't recognize.
Michelle!
He seized the phone, his heart pounding. He pressed it to his ear. "Hello? This is Charlie."
"Hey! Charlie Tucker?" A man's voice. Not Michelle.
"Yes, this is Charlie..."
"Hey, how're you doing. This is Brent Greene. I'm a professor in the film department of Jefferson University."
"Oh, right! How are you, sir?"
"Good, good. I wanted to let you know that we're reviewed your application for our Apex film program, and we've selected you as one of our final candidates. We'd like you to come in for an interview, and to show us some of your work. Can we schedule a time?
"Sure! When?"
"We have some openings this Saturday, or you can come in the following Saturday."
"I'm free this Saturday. What time?"
"Let's see. We have 2 PM, 3 PM, 3:30..."
"How about 2?
"Okay, I'll write you in for 2 PM. You're in Pine Hills, right?"
"Right."
"What's that, about a half hour drive?"
"Yes," Charlie said. "Or I can take the train."
"Sure. There's a train stop just a few blocks from the university. You'll be able to show us some of your work?"
"Yes. I'll bring a few things."
"Great. 2 PM, this Saturday, at the film department. We'll see you then."
"Okay!"
"Looking forward to seeing what you got. Bye, Charlie." The call ended.
Charlie gripped the phone in his hand and stretched his arms towards the ceiling. "HELL YEAH!!" he yelled.
His next thought was that he wished he could tell Michelle.
The Jefferson University Apex film program received a large number of applicants each year for only ten slots. Anyone who was accepted to Jefferson University could decide to major in film, but the Apex program was specifically designed for students who intended to pursue careers in the film industry. It was an intensive program that offered access to cutting edge production and editing facilities, and a lot of the alumni from the program had gone on to work for major studios.
Ten slots. Charlie wasn't sure how many applicants had been selected as "final candidates", but he suspected at least twenty. He knew he shouldn't celebrate yet. He really needed to nail the interview. Suddenly, his editing reel seemed pretty flimsy. A few student films from his Video I and Video II classes, plus a lot of edits of sports and live events. He hoped it was enough.
Charlie gazed at his phone. Michelle was probably still mad at him and he didn't have her phone number anyways. But he had Vanessa's, from when she'd texted him, and maybe Vanessa would give him Michelle's number. Suddenly, all the drama from the past week seemed unimportant. He just wanted to speak to Michelle, to share his good news with her.
He found Vanessa's text on his phone and selected the "Call Back" option. He put the phone to his ear and listened to it ring.
Click. "Hi, this is Michelle. Leave a message please." Then a beep.
Charlie was too confused to speak for a moment. Michelle's voice. Michelle's phone. So it wasn't Vanessa that had sent that text to meet at the football stands. It was Michelle.
He found his voice. "Hey, Michelle. This is Charlie." He took a breath. "Hey, I heard back from Jefferson University. The Apex film program. They told me I'm one of the final candidates. They want me to go to the university this Saturday, for an interview." He hesitated then the words rushed out. "I thought I'd take the train. My interviews at 2, and if I catch the 12:30 train to Linterna, I'll be there in plenty of time. There's a train station right near the university. Michelle... do you want to go with me? To Linterna? You could go shopping while I do my interview... there's all those shops on Campus Road... and then after, we could eat at one of the restaurants maybe? You could meet me at the train station, and we could go to Linterna together..." He faltered, leaving a moment of silence. "I'd just really like it if you would come with me, Michelle... this could be a big thing for me and... and I feel like I'm going to mess it up..." Again he faltered. It felt like he had so much he wanted to say to her, but he didn't know where to start. The silence stretched endlessly, and finally, embarrassed, he disconnected the call.
For an hour, he couldn't do anything but pace his room with an eye on his phone. He hit himself on the head, called himself stupid, wished again and again that he could delete that message from her mailbox. The last time Michelle had talked to him, she'd stormed off in anger. They hadn't said a word to each other since then. And now he'd just called her out of the blue and asked her to go with him to his interview? In a city thirty miles away? What the hell was he thinking?
His phone didn't ring. Of course it didn't. She probably deleted the message right after she heard it.
He barely slept that night. When he woke up in the morning, the first thing he did was check his phone. No response. No text message. Not even a 'go to hell'.
Thursday. Friday. Nothing.
He told himself he shouldn't have expected any different. Why would Michelle respond to his ridiculous message? Michelle thought he was an asshole, and honestly, she was right.
At least it had given him something other than the interview to worry about.
***
On Saturday, Charlie bought his train ticket and walked onto the platform. He counted ten, maybe fifteen people waiting. Michelle wasn't one of them. A few of the benches had empty seats, but Charlie chose to stand.
So he would go to his interview alone. He would go, do the interview, then maybe get some fast food and eat it while waiting for the train back. A waste of time to worry about the interview now; it was going to go how it would go. It wasn't like he could edit something new on the train ride there. He had a portable drive in his backpack with all his work on it. Hopefully something he had done would impress them.
Suddenly, he smelled her. That familiar scent of her perfume. He whirled around, and Michelle was standing right behind him. She wore an army green jacket over a yellow fifties dress. Charlie was so surprised that for a moment he could only gape at her with his mouth open.
She stepped forward to stand next to him. "I told you that you would get into the film program at Jefferson."
"Ah..." He blinked at her, still barely able to believe she was there. "... I'm not in yet... I still have this interview..."
"I know. But you'll get in. You'll see."
He gazed at her profile. "Thanks for coming with me," he said quietly.
"Sure."
After a moment, he said, "You look amazing."
She smiled slightly. "Thanks."
The train arrived promptly at 12:30, and Charlie and Michelle boarded. It was half full, and they had no problem finding a seat together. Michelle took the window seat and Charlie took the aisle. The train started to move.
At first, they talked about trains, and then they talked about Linterna. Michelle had been to Jefferson University earlier in the year, to visit a Pine Hills graduate from a previous year. He asked her if she'd applied there, and she said she had not.
"I'm not going to college next year," she said. "If I go to college, it'll have to be a state school, and I'd have to move there. I'm not ready to move out of Pine Hills."
"So what will you do next year?"
"Work. My sister works at Macy's... she says they'll hire me. I'll just work and live at home. I need to think more about what I want to do with my life before I go to college."
Charlie looked out the window as the train passed a herd of black horses in an enclosure. "I'll probably live at home, too. I'll probably take this train every day to Jefferson and back. I'll get used to this ride." He added, "If I get in, I mean."
"Right." She smiled.
They passed through the small towns that lay between Pine Hills and Linterna, each of them with their own stop. A few people got off, but more got on, and the train gradually filled up, until every seat was taken and a few people stood in the aisles.
Finally, the tinny recorded voice on the speaker announced, "Next stop, Campus Road, Jefferson University. Repeat, next stop, Campus Road, Jefferson University."
Charlie and Michelle waited until the train slowed to a stop, then made their way down the aisle to the doors. They stepped out onto the platform. Across the street from the train station, Charlie could see the small shopping area called The Village, a maze of cafes, boutique clothing stores and bohemian craft shops that lay just across from the Jefferson campus. Charlie checked his phone for the time. It said 1:40.
"Jefferson is a few blocks that way, on the other side of the stores," he told Michelle. "I need to get over there and find the film department. Do you want to hang out here, and we'll meet afterwards?"
"Okay. Where do you want to meet?"
"I'll text you when it's done. Shouldn't be longer than half an hour. Just let me know where you are, and I'll find you."
"Okay."
They walked across the street. At the corner, Michelle wished him good luck and told him not to be nervous. She turned left into The Village while Charlie continued walking straight. He turned his head and watched her as she walked away.
He picked up a map of the campus at the security station, which wasn't entirely necessary, since the night before he'd found the film department on the same map on the school's website. But he was glad to have the map in hand, just in case. He walked through the campus at a brisk pace. Even though he was on schedule to get there ten minutes early, he still worried that an unforeseen event would delay him.
He found the film department building. The door to the building was propped ajar, and inside he found an empty waiting area. An ink board was set up on an easel, and he read his name written in large letters: CHARLIE TUCKER, 2 PM. Below his name, he read other names, for interview appointments after his. He didn't see where else to go, so he sat and waited.
At around 1:59 PM, a thin boy with dirty blonde hair in a ponytail and horn-rimmed glasses came out into the waiting area. He was followed by a pretty woman with long dark hair. The woman smiled at Charlie. "Charlie Tucker?" she asked.
"Yes."
She offered her hand, and he shook it. "Harriet Behzadi," she introduced herself. "Associate professor of Film. Will you follow me? Do you have your stuff?"
Charlie followed her into a room with a computer hooked up to a large monitor. A man with short hair and glasses waited there. He introduced himself as Brent Greene. Charlie took the seat they offered him, and Harriet also sat.
They spent the first ten minutes asking Charlie the usual questions. What career goals did he have? Why was he interested in the Apex program? Who did he consider to be his influences? Charlie answered each question carefully, but he couldn't tell how he was doing. Brent smiled and nodded encouragingly at everything he said, almost like it was a habit. Harriet, on the other hand, looked very serious, her face an impenetrable mask.
"Let's see what you've got," Brent said. Charlie attached his portable drive to the computer. He went to the drive and launched his editing reel.
They watched for a minute. "You like sports?" Brent asked as the monitor played a portion of a basketball game, which Charlie had edited together from the footage of four cameras.
"I like the way it edits together," Charlie said. "I'm not really a fan of any particular team."
They watched some other events he'd edited together: an awards assembly; a pep rally; a football game. Afterwards, Charlie showed them a short film from his Video II class called "The Chase", which involved a police officer chasing a fugitive through a park. (Charlie played the police officer and Greg played the fugitive.)
"I can see you have a good technical understanding of film, Charlie," Harriet said. "Everything you've shown us demonstrates you know how to use a camera and you know how to edit. But I'm wondering if you have anything that shows more of your artistic side?"
"Artistic side?"
"Yes. This film of yours, it's not so different from your sports edits, right? It's basically a well-shot and well-edited action sequence. I wonder if you have something that shows more of your range... something with more depth."
Charlie went to the main directory of his drive. Something with more depth? He had basketball games, football games, track meets, assemblies. He had his work from his Video classes, but most of those weren't much more than class exercises. "The Chase" was the best one, and he had to concede her point, it was more technical than artistic.
He noticed a file on the drive. "Uh...I do have this project I've been working on... for my... ah... girlfriend. A gift for her, a graduation gift. It's kind of the story of her high school experience."
"Okay, let's see it," Harriet said.
Charlie prayed he wasn't making a huge mistake. He moved the mouse to the file "MICHPROJ" and launched it.
On the monitor, Michelle's face appeared.
***
When the video ended, Harriet was smiling. "Oh, that was beautiful," she said. "Your girlfriend is really going to love it."
"Nice work," Brent said. "Great transitions, great use of music. Some interesting choices, but they all worked."
"It has a lot of emotional resonance," Harriet said. "I can tell you really put your heart into it."
"Thank you," Charlie said.
Brent looked at the clock. "We've gone a bit over. We're going to have to cut it off here. Thanks for coming in, Charlie. We'll be letting everyone know what we've decided in a couple weeks."
"Thank you," Charlie said again. He stood and disconnected his drive, stowing it back in his bag. When he was ready, Harriet walked with him back to the waiting room.
To his surprise, Michelle sat in a chair waiting for him. A short-haired girl with purple hair also waited, presumably the next interview. "Oh!" Harriet's face lit up. "You didn't tell me she came with you!"
"Yes," Charlie said. "This is Michelle."
"Glad to meet you, Michelle." Harriet beamed. She shook Charlie's hand one last time. "See you later, Charlie." As Michelle stood, Harriet spoke to the purple-haired girl, inviting her into the room that Charlie had just left.
"What was that about?" Michelle asked as they left the building.
"You didn't go shopping?"
"I did... for a little bit... but then I decided I'd rather wait for you. Did that woman recognize me? It seemed like she did..."
"Um..." Charlie considered what to say, then decided to just tell the truth. "I showed them a little project I've been working on. They asked to see something more artistic... Um... anyways, It's kind of meant to be a gift for you, and they watched it."
"Really?" Michelle was delighted. "A gift for me? You made me a video?"
"Yeah..."
"Oh, I want to see it! Can I watch it?"
Charlie looked away, embarrassed. "No! I mean, not yet. It's not really done."
"Okay!" Michelle leaned in close to him, looping her arm around his. "I can wait. But I really want to see it." She pressed against his side, and the subtle scent of her perfume made him feel like he was walking through a garden of blooming flowers. They made their way back towards The Village, to find someplace to have a late lunch.
***
By the time they stood again on the platform, waiting for the train back to Pine Hills, the sun cast an orange glow on the faces of the waiting passengers, and Charlie knew it would be dark when they finally reached their destination.
"Thanks again for lunch," Michelle murmured from beside him. "And for my pin." She'd attached the silver butterfly pin to the lapel of her jacket as soon as he'd bought it for her. It was something that had caught her eye while they browsed through a few of the shops after leaving the restaurant.
"You came all this way with me," Charlie said. "The least I could do is buy you lunch."
The train pulled up to the platform and the doors opened. Charlie could see through the windows that this train would be more crowded than the train earlier in the afternoon. As they stepped into the train car, Charlie looked for a spot where they could sit together, but didn't see anything. Michelle ended up next to an old man wearing thick glasses, and Charlie sat next to a large sleeping woman in an overcoat, but at least they sat across the aisle from each other.
At first, some of the passengers had to stand, and one man stood in the aisle directly between them. A seat opened up, and the man sat, so that Charlie could see Michelle again. He smiled at her, but it was still difficult to have a conversation across the aisle, when people kept walking between them. Night fell, and soon the windows of the train only showed darkness outside.
The old man sitting next to Michelle stood to leave, and she stood up as well to let him out. Charlie thought they would finally be able to sit together, but Michelle didn't return to her seat; instead, she took hold of the strap that hung just over Charlie's seat and stood right next to him. Charlie looked up at her, confused. He considered offering his seat to her, but why would she take it when she had a perfectly good empty seat behind her?
The train started to move, and she swayed with the motion, her leg bumping against his hand. He gazed thoughtfully at the hem of her dress, which stopped just above her knees. Was it coincidence that she was positioned so that the bare skin of her leg kept touching his hand? He looked up at her, but she kept her eyes towards the front of the train. Again, her leg bumped his hand.
Charlie could hear the low snore of the woman next to him, deep in slumber, paying no attention. He adjusted his arm, letting it fall loose by his side, so that the back of his fingers pressed just above Michelle's right knee. She didn't step away or even look down. She kept her eyes towards the front of the train, as if she didn't even notice his touch.
Charlie felt his pulse accelerating. He began to move his finger against Michelle's leg, stroking the smooth skin above her knee. He remembered her standing naked in front of him, that first Saturday, and how she had rubbed her hand again and again over this same spot on her leg, as if feeling for pants that weren't there. Such beautiful long legs, so smooth, so velvety soft.
Slowly, his hand rose, a little bit higher with each stroke, creeping up her leg, moving further under her dress. He peeked up at her, but she still pretended as if nothing was happening. She carefully avoided looking down at him, even as his hand touched her upper thigh.
His fingers found the edge of her panties crossing over her hip. He traced his index finger along this line, back and forth, back and forth, each time going a little bit further, moving closer and closer to her inner thigh.
Michelle shifted slightly, widening her stance. She still had her eyes pointed towards the front of the train.
Charlie could feel the warmth radiating from between her legs. His fingers skated over the middle of her silky panties, crossing from one leg to the other, then back again. He brought three fingers between her legs, lightly stroking her across the bottom of her panties. The fabric felt perfectly smooth at first, but as he explored closer, he thought he could feel the outline of her labia underneath the silk. He peeked up at her again, and aside from nibbling on her bottom lip, she looked completely nonchalant. No one would have known by looking at her that he had a hand up her dress tracing the line of her pussy through her panties.
The train slowed for the next stop, and Charlie quickly withdrew his hand. A few passengers rose from their seats to leave. Charlie took the opportunity to stretch up and check the remaining passengers. Only a handful remained in their car: the sleeping woman next to Charlie; a short-haired woman in a leather jacket who was wearing giant headphones; an old black man whose eyes sagged halfway down, as if he was on the verge of passing out; two Indian women towards the back wearing nurse trainee uniforms.
The train started moving again. Charlie gazed at Michelle's yellow dress. He wondered if she wore a pair of matching yellow panties. So far he had felt the silky fabric of her panties, but he hadn't actually seen them. He glanced up at her and found that she was looking directly down at him. She had the hint of a smile on her lips and her eyes were twinkling. It was a mischievous look, a playful look. A look that asked, "What will you do now?"
Charlie returned his gaze to her dress. If he wanted to know the color of her panties, then why not simply look? He caught the hem of the dress and wound it around his finger, hiking the dress up, exposing her long legs inch by inch. Finally, he had it high enough that he could see where her legs converged, her panties a triangle of chaste white.
He held the dress at her belly with one hand while his other hand stroked the surface of those panties, following the curve down between her legs, tracing the crevice of her pussy. He pushed against the middle of the cloth experimentally, feeling it give underneath, and he knew that if he tore a tiny hole in her panties right there, he could probably sink his finger into her up to the second knuckle.
Charlie could see a nervous flush on Michelle's face as he stroked her. He could tell it made her anxious to be so exposed, but he also knew she wasn't going to ask him to stop. He removed his hand from between her legs and beckoned her to lean down. When Michelle complied, lowering her face to his, Charlie stretched up and kissed her lips. While they kissed, he slid his hand down the front of her panties and cupped her pussy. She let out a moan, continuing to kiss him while his fingers pushed inside her. She was very wet, and his fingers slid in easily.
The recorded voice over the speakers announced the next stop. Charlie pulled away from kissing Michelle, but continued to finger her inside her panties. As the train started to slow, Charlie could see out of the corner of his eye that the two Indian women in the back gathered their belongings. He pulled his hand out of Michelle's panties, but then on a whim caught the sides of the panties and tugged them down her hips. Michelle obediently brought her legs closer together so he could slide her panties all the way down to her ankle boots, then she daintily stepped out of them, nudging them to the side with her toe. Charlie glanced at the discarded garment on the floor of the train but didn't make a move to pick it up.
The train stopped and the two Indian women walked behind Michelle on their way to the door. Charlie couldn't tell if they noticed the pair of panties in the middle of the aisle. If they did, they didn't say anything.
The Indian women stepped off the train and no one boarded. After a minute, the train started moving again. Charlie reached down for his bag and brought it up to his lap. He unzipped the main compartment and rummaged around inside for a few seconds before finding what he was looking for. He carefully extracted a cylindrical device: Michelle's vibrator. When he showed it to her, her mouth was in the shape of an 'O'.
"Did you ever wonder where this went?"
"Um... kind of..." She looked very flustered.
He hiked up her dress again, exposing her bare pussy. "I have some of your clothes, too," he told her as he pushed the vibrator into her. "Don't forget to get them from me when we get to Pine Hills."
"Ah!..."
"Does that feel good? When I move it in and out like this?"
"Ah... ahh..."
"I'm not sure how to turn it on, though. Will you turn it on for me?"
Michelle looked very agitated now, and her hand trembled as she reached down and fumbled with the vibrator. It started to buzz. She clutched the strap above her head as Charlie began to move the vibrator against her clit.
"Oh! It's so loud..." she whispered.
"Too loud?"
"Uh huh..."
"Well, this woman here is asleep. That other woman in the front is wearing headphones, she's not even paying attention. What about the guy behind us? Can he hear the buzzing?"
Michelle glanced that way, then quickly glanced back. "Yes. He's watching."
Charlie looked over his shoulder. The old man was indeed looking in their direction, but he was blinking blearily, as if not sure what he was seeing. "I think he's drunk," Charlie murmured.
"Still... he's watching..."
"He is. I'm pretty sure he can see everything." Charlie pushed the vibrator into her. "Hey, listen. It's quieter when it's all the way inside you."
"Oh my God..."
"It won't stay in by itself, though. Look, it's sliding out." Charlie caught it and pushed it in again.
"Ohhh!"
Charlie adjusted the way he was sitting, trying to free up space for an erection that felt like it went halfway to his knee. He pulled the vibrator almost all the way out, then pushed it back in, fascinated by the sight of the long device disappearing into her glistening pussy. It was easy to imagine that it was his own penis entering her, fucking her. Suddenly, he surged with the desire to hold her. He propped himself up on his knee, lifting himself off the seat so that his face was on the same level as hers. As he continued to work the vibrator in and out of her, he kissed her hard on the lips. She opened her mouth, kissing him back hungrily, her body leaning into his as she dangled from the strap.
She broke the kiss. Her face hovered right in front of his, a blissful smile on her lips as she gazed into his eyes. She let go of the ceiling strap and wound her arms around his neck, kissing him gently.
They kissed again and again. He didn't notice that she was slipping off her green jacket until he saw it sliding off her arms and falling onto the floor. He pulled back from her, puzzled, and noticed her fingers slipping the straps of her yellow dress off her shoulders. That was when he realized what she was doing.
"Michelle!" he whispered urgently, concerned that she dared too much. She just swayed with the movement of the train as she peeled the dress down her body. She left the dress bunched up at her waist as she paused to undo her bra. A satiny white bra, matching her panties, which already lay on the floor. She carelessly dropped the bra next to them. Her dress, now just a ring of rolled-up fabric around her waist, fell to the floor next as she pushed it over her hips and down her legs. Michelle reached up and took hold of the strap again, now stretched out completely naked aside from her black ankle boots.
Charlie was so stunned by the sight of her perfect nude body that he forgot for a moment he held a buzzing vibrator in his hand. He found the switch on the device and turned it off, letting it fall from his fingers onto the seat. For a moment, all he could do was stare at Michelle. He could see in her wide eyes that she was almost as astonished as he was by what she'd just done. Perhaps the impulse to strip had come upon her suddenly, and she had acted on it before she had a chance to consider the implications of her choice. Now she found herself in a situation beyond anything she'd ever risked before, standing naked and vulnerable in the middle of a public train.
Should he intervene? Should he insist that she put her dress back on? Was this a situation where he needed to save her from herself?
Instead, his hands went to her breasts, and he stroked and squeezed them, pulling on her nipples. Michelle's eyelashes fluttered as she surrendered to the feel of his hands on her body. Her back arched, pushing her breasts out towards him.
Charlie slid a hand down her flat stomach, traveling over her neatly groomed strip of pubic hair until his fingers slid into her wet pussy. He pushed his fingers deep into her a few times, then pulled his middle finger up to rub against her clit. "Ohhhh..." she breathed. "The vibe felt so good... but I love having your actual hand touching me... Oh my God... I love that you have your fingers playing with me in front of all these people..."
All these people? The woman in the next seat still snored softly, completely oblivious to the naked girl getting finger-fucked three feet away. Charlie glanced at the old man behind them. The man still watched, although his expression hadn't changed; he still looked puzzled by what he was seeing, as if Michelle must be a dream or a hallucination. Charlie looked the other way, towards the woman with the headphones in the front, to discover she had turned in her seat and was looking right at them. She was smirking and clearly amused by what they were doing.
"The woman in front is watching us now," Charlie murmured to Michelle.
"Ohhhh..." Michelle blinked helplessly at Charlie as he continued to stroke her clit. "This is too far, isn't it? Have we gone too far?"
"I don't know..." Charlie said. "All I know is you look incredible, standing naked like that."
"Ohhh..." She closed her eyes. "Thank you, Charlie..."
"Maybe you shouldn't use my real name when we're doing this," he whispered, smiling.
"Okay... what should I call you then?"
"You can call me Clyde. And I'll call you Bonnie."
She giggled, her eyes still closed. "Bonnie and Clyde?"
"Partners in crime."
"Okay, Clyde," she murmured. "We do seem to always break the rules when we're together..."
"We do, don't we?" Charlie couldn't deny that he'd been the instigator this time. Michelle had bumped his hand with her knee, that was all, and now he had her standing completely naked in the middle of the train, his hands exploring her body in front of a bunch of strangers. How had he deluded himself before, telling himself that she was just using him to get her exhibitionist fix, like he was some kind of innocent bystander? He was with her every step of the way, every time. He pushed her to go further, pushed her to take more and more risks, every time. If she was the gasoline, he was the match, eager to set her off and keep her burning.
He got off on this just like she did. Bonnie and Clyde.
The speaker announced the next stop, Sisco Junction, which was just outside Pine Hills. Charlie settled back in his seat as the train slowed, returning to the charade of being just another bored passenger, although he didn't know why he bothered, since Michelle made no move to put her dress back on. Sisco Junction was more of an intersection of freeways than a town, and Charlie didn't expect anyone new to get on the train. To his surprise, someone did. A middle-aged man with long hair and a beard came on carrying a brown duffel bag. The man wore a tie-dyed t-shirt.
The newcomer saw Michelle immediately, and looked surprised at her nudity but not offended. "Hi..." he greeted her as he carefully picked his way over her discarded clothing.
"Hi!" Michelle said back, smiling broadly as the man passed behind her. She didn't seem embarrassed at all. If anything, she seemed excited by the idea of having another spectator. The man took a seat towards the back of the car.
The train started to move again, and Charlie knew the next stop was Pine Hills. They didn't have much time left , maybe five minutes. Charlie stood up from his seat, facing Michelle, embracing her. She looked up at him eagerly, nearly quivering with excitement. He leaned in to kiss her. His right hand slid down her back and over her ass, continuing down onto her leg. He tugged at her leg, pulling it towards him and to the side, until her boot rested on the seat. His hand slid between her legs, cupping her pussy. He kissed her hard while inserting his middle finger into her.
Michelle bit hard on her lip to keep from crying out as Charlie kissed his way down her neck and onto her breasts. He sucked her nipple into his mouth while his fingers continued to grind at her sensitive clit. Michelle practically hung off the ceiling strap, her legs trembling as she came closer and closer to an orgasm.
He put his mouth close to her ear. "Come on, Bonnie..." he whispered. "Let's show all these people what you look like when you cum."
Michelle took her hands from the ceiling strap and threw her arms around Charlie's neck, clutching him as her vagina spasmed around his fingers. She pressed her mouth against his shoulder to muffle her cries. Her right leg started to buckle but he managed to hold her up. Her body shuddered against him.
When it was over, she leaned against him, letting him support her weight. "That was a big one," she whispered.
"I can imagine."
"They all saw."
"They did."
"Don't you want to cum too?" Her hand went to the front of his pants, tracing his erection through the fabric.
"No time. We're almost at our stop."
"Ohhh... that's not fair... " She pressed her body against him. "Maybe we can figure something out..."
"I think maybe you should put your dress back on," Charlie said. "We're seriously going to be at Pine Hills Station any minute."
"All right." Michelle reached down and scooped up the yellow dress, but just draped it carelessly over her arm. Charlie waited a moment for her to pick up the rest of her clothes, then gave in and gathered them up himself. He pushed her jacket and underwear into his bag. He remembered the vibrator and put that in his bag as well. Michelle still hadn't made a move to put on her dress.
The voice came on the speakers. "Next stop, Pine Hills. Repeat, next stop. Pine Hills."
"Put on your dress, Bonnie," Charlie told Michelle. "I don't think you want to get off the train naked."
"Okay, Clyde," Michelle answered, giggling. But as he led her to the front of the car, it seemed like that was exactly what she intended to do. She walked down the aisle naked, swinging her dress on her arm like a cape, completely uninhibited. She was practically glowing.
The short-haired woman climbed to her feet as they passed, holding out her hand to Michelle. Michelle stopped and let the woman take her hand. Charlie thought for a moment that the short-haired woman would kiss Michelle's hand like an old fashioned gentleman.
The woman squeezed Michelle's hand and grinned. "You a wild one, ain'tcha.." The woman's voice was low and gruff. "You got a hell of a body. You ever want that pussy licked by a woman who's an expert, I'm on this same train every Saturday."
"Oh! Thank you so much!" Michelle smiled and bent her knees in something that might have been a curtsy. Charlie tugged at her hand to keep her moving.
The train was slowing as they neared the door. Charlie shook his head as Michelle stood waiting, still completely naked. "Okay. Let me have that." He tugged the yellow dress from her hand. "Arms up."
Grinning, Michelle held her arms out. Charlie threaded her hands through the straps of the dress, then pulled it over her head. He slid the dress down her body. Michelle seemed perfectly content to let him dress her, and didn't mind at all that his hands brushed her breasts while he did it.
The train stopped and the doors opened at Pine Hills station. Michelle took his hand as they stepped off onto the platform. It was the opposite platform from where they had stood earlier that day. Charlie could see several people waiting for the train to Linterna on the other side, but on their side the platform was empty.
Michelle pulled on his hand, tugging him towards a pillar. She turned, putting her back against the pillar, and he leaned into her, kissing her. They kissed a few more times.
"You know I'm not wearing any panties..." she murmured.
"I do know that, actually."
"Let's find someplace. It's not fair that I came but you didn't. I want to take care of you."
"My car is in the parking lot. So is yours, right?"
"Mmm. Those will do... if we can't find any place better."
Charlie kissed her again. He imagined pulling his hard-on out of his pants, lifting up her dress, fucking her right up against the pillar. After what they had just done in the train, it didn't seem like such a far-fetched idea.
He paused. Something moved in his peripheral vision.
Charlie glanced to his right, looking across the train tracks at the opposite platform. A tall boy with a freckled face stood there, holding up his phone. Taking a picture of Charlie and Michelle kissing. Maybe taking a video.
Charlie recognized the boy. Cody Scolari. Glenn Mack's best friend.
Cody's eyes met Charlie's, and Charlie could see the hostility radiating from the large boy's gaze. Without a word, Cody turned away, heading towards the exit to the parking lot.
"Oh my God. Was that Cody?" Michelle asked.
"Yeah," Charlie said uneasily. "I think I might be in a lot of trouble."
"I think we're both in a lot of trouble," Michelle said.
But she didn't seem unhappy about it.