EJAX-472: Chapter 2
As John's strength was somewhat depleted by his first series of orgasms, I directed Lynette to bring out a padded recliner—a modern, modified version of the traditional exam table—and place it center stage. This would allow the women to have full access to his genitals while John would be able to concentrate more on his performance rather than worry about maintaining his balance. Cushions were placed under his legs and buttocks so that his lower body was elevated, thus offering the audience—and the two camerawomen who were positioned to the right and left of him— a completely unobstructed view. Restraining straps were used to keep his hands and feet secure so that the women could maintain complete control over him at all times.
While I was engaged in supervising my crew, Sheila approached me, followed by her daughter Jill and Jill's friend Laura. She smiled as she took my hand.
"I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes," she said unable to suppress her enthusiasm, "but I must admit that I am happy to have been proved wrong. You have advanced the frontiers of fertility research by decades. Congratulations Christiana, it's a great achievement!"
"Thank you, Sheila. And thanks to you, and to you too Jill, for your assistance. It's exciting isn't it?"
Jill gave me a big smile.
"Exciting isn't the word." Sheila continued. "It's absolutely electrifying! Look at these people. Have you ever seen a bunch of women act so wild? Look at them!"
My eyes quickly scanned the room. Most of these women were caring, dedicated professionals who, under normal circumstances, could never have been mistaken for the uninhibited, bawdy bunch they now appeared to be. But something had triggered this unexpected response and it certainly wasn't alcohol or drugs. My only explanation for it was that they were experiencing a tremendous rush of sexual energy derived from their vicarious domination of the male subjects. They knew that the stupendous ejaculatory feats they had been witnessing were wholly unprecedented, and the fact that such feats were made possible only through the agency of my drug—a drug created by a woman—made the victory doubly sweet.
"I couldn't believe the amount of sperm he kept shooting out." Jill remarked.
"It was funny," Laura offered. "I could actually see the veins in his penis contract every time he ejaculated."
Sheila looked thoughtful. "As a physician, I must say that his orgasm was exemplary. Don't you think girls?"
"Oh, come on mom," Jill said. "There's nothing like it in the record books!"
"There's nothing like it ever!" Laura chuckled. "It's really great!"
All of us broke out in a fit of merriment.
"I hope you don't mind that Laura and I crashed your party," Jill said. "I heard mom talk to her friends about this experiment and I just had to see it for myself."
"But we never expected to see your mom participate in it!" Laura piped in.
"At first it freaked me out, but then I got caught up with all the excitement."
"My daughter is quite promiscuous, Christiana," Sheila admitted freely. "Just like her mother I'm afraid."
I smiled. "I'm glad you were both able to lend a hand."
The three women laughed at my unintended pun.
"Do you mind if we stay and watch?" Jill asked impatiently.
"Not at all. I replied. "We're almost ready to continue. He's going to put on quite a show for us this time."
"Better than what we just saw?" Laura asked wide-eyed.
"Much better," I promised her. "If you want, you can both sit on either side of the subject and see for yourself."
The two girls looked at each other and grinned. I saw their eyes twinkle with a newfound intensity, absorbed as they were with the overwhelming erotic tension of what they were about to witness.
"Thanks Dr. Swensen," Jill said. "See you later mom."
"Try to stay out of the line of fire," Sheila warned them as they made their way toward John.
Sheila thanked me for allowing the girls to stay and left to resume her seat with her other colleagues from the university. Rebecca, who had been overseeing things on the stage, now returned to tell me that the subject was prepared.
"We're ready to go," she said.
"What are the girls' names?
"Tiffany is the blonde, the tall redhead is Andrea, and the brunette with the big boobs is Jacquelyn."
I noticed that all three girls were pretty. I could tell they were anxious to begin by the way they looked at John, giggling nervously each time he smiled at them. Because this part of the experiment required strict attention to timing, I was going to leave John's masturbation in Rebecca's expertly skilled hands. However, seeing his wonderful reaction put forth in regards to being handled by strangers, I decided to let the girls take care of him and hope for the best.
"Attention everybody," I began. "Attention please! Thank you again for your patience. We are now ready to continue." I looked directly at the blonde girl. "Tiffany, are you ready?"
"Yes, Dr. Swensen," she said sweetly, as she rubbed the lube cream into her hands. "All ready."
"I would like to remind you and all the girls that you may employ any masturbatory technique you wish as long as you do not cause the subject any pain. Is that understood?"
"We understand," she said quickly.
"Good. Remember that we are testing the subject's capacity to experience continuous ejaculations after a very brief interval of rest. During those intervals, I will call upon another girl to replace the previous one, so that we can witness the subject's reactions to various tactile stimuli. Are there any questions?"
The girls looked at me quietly, awaiting my orders. I turned to the audience.
"Ladies, you are now going to witness the first-ever demonstration of recurrent ejaculation; something previously unattainable in the human male. Tiffany, you may begin."
The blonde girl knelt down to John's left and enveloped his prick in her warm, moist hands. The drug had kept him semi-erect, so it only took a few quick strokes for him to regain his full 10-inch status. Pleased with her results, Tiffany now employed a slow, deliberate masturbation technique. She caressed the sensitive underside of his shaft and reacted with delight as his testicles once again began to fill with sperm, swelling to even greater proportions than before. Jill and Laura, who were kneeling on opposite sides of John, noticed this transition with wonder. Jill extended her hand to feel the expanding scrotum, reveling in the feel of the smooth and heavy testicular sac that would soon be emptying its contents in violent spasms brought forth from Tiffany's hand.
As Tiffany continued to masturbate John, Andrea and Jacquelyn moved directly behind him, watching intently. Ann stood off to John's right, casually observing her husband's masturbation with increasing interest. It appeared to me that she wanted to participate, but seemed to be waiting for something. What that was I could not imagine.
Rebecca, Maria, and Cheryl stood with me by the podium, watching as John's facial expressions changed in response to Tiffany's shifting masturbatory technique. There was no doubt in my mind that the young girl was a practiced masturbator, judging by her varied and intense hand motions. Her favorite method seemed to be drawing her right hand slowly and firmly up his shaft, stopping for a moment at the tip and then quickly returning her hand to its base. John soon grew accustomed to this form of manipulation and let out a low moan on each sustained upstroke, causing Tiffany to smile.
"It looks like the girls are enjoying themselves," I said.
"He is cute," Rebecca replied, her eyes never leaving the scene. "I'd love to beat that big prick of his off myself."
Cheryl giggled. "You and every other woman in this room."
Maria said nothing. Only a barely audible sigh escaped her lips even as Tiffany's incessant stroking was bringing John's massive tool closer to climax.
The women in the audience had grown quiet. I think they realized that they were going to see something special and I hoped that they wouldn't be disappointed. I myself tried to stay as detached from the emotional aspect of the experiment as possible. Although I allowed my assistants to participate, I could not do so without losing credibility in the eyes of my colleagues. Even so, watching these men being masturbated one after the other made me very horny. On the surface I appeared cool, but on the inside I had to fight from becoming every bit as turned on as the rest of the women.
"Look, Rebecca said. "The girls are teasing him."
It was Jill who had started the taunting. I found it amusing that they felt it necessary to speak lewdly to him but I guess it made it more entertaining for them. The audience seemed to appreciate it because they strained to hear every word.
"Hey mister," Jill said sweetly, "your balls are getting really full huh?"
Laura tugged on his nut sac. "You getting ready to come for us baby?"
"I wanna see you shoot a big fucking load," Andrea said thickly.
John was getting really turned on by this outrageous talk and started to drive his cock up into Tiffany's stroking hand.
"Look at this girls," Tiffany said, titillated. "I think he wants to give us something."
Jacquelyn leaned her head down onto his chest and stroked his nipple. "Yeah," she said sexily, "he wants to give us his sticky white goo."
The ladies in the audience were really getting into this sexual banter and some of the more outspoken among them contributed their own slew of sexual innuendos.
The combination of all this lecherous talk and Tiffany's expert handjob were having its desired effect on John. He began to groan loudly as he began to reach the point of no return.
And then, suddenly, something beautiful happened.
I saw Ann move in between Tiffany and Jacquelyn and cradle her husband's head in her hand. She kissed his face repeatedly and told him how she was going to make passionate love to him after he first gave up his sperm for the ladies. She kissed him deeply, allowing him to suck on her tongue. Finally, the effects of the drug, Tiffany's now quickly moving hand, the teasing words of the girls, and his wife's passionate kisses combined to drive him over the edge.
"Tell me when you're gonna cum!" Tiffany said as she pulled on him with accelerated strokes.
Suddenly the teasing stopped, and all you could hear was John's heavy breathing, his chest swiftly rising up and down as his mouth gulped down great draughts of air.
"Oh, fuck!" he screamed.
As John's testicles rose high up into his body, I knew the first spurt was on its way. Tiffany knew it too, and stroked him furiously until she felt the first thick wave of cream rise up his shaft. And then, even as his first ejaculation began, she quickly removed her hand and left the giant cock unattended. This was certainly an unexpected move on her part, and I thought it would diminish the force of his ejaculation. But John seemed oblivious to her missing hand and arched his body upward as far as he could as his prick, like a wild beast unleashed, began to fire its full supply of cum.
Tiffany quickly moved back a little to watch as he crested, but Jill and Laura held their place, staring at the thick, pulsating slab of meat as the first huge load of sperm shot up high above their heads.
Witnessing his ejaculation up close was astonishing enough, but I will never forget what it looked like played back in slow motion when several of my female friends and I had a chance to see the video a few days later. I had invited my sister Bonnie, Sheila and her daughter Jill, Tiffany, Rebecca, Maria, Cheryl, and three colleagues of mine from the university, including one nurse, to watch the video with me. When it came time for John's orgasm, I slowed the tape down and told everybody to sit back and enjoy the show.
The video showed Tiffany's hand slowly pulling away from John's erupting cock. The back of Jill's head was still in the frame and the faces of Ann, Jacquelyn, and Andrea were seen clearly above John's head, now thrown back in ecstasy. As Tiffany released his cock, it bounced up and down for a moment and then a thick rope of sperm shot out of the tip, followed by three more hot blasts. The girls cried out in delight as the stringy ejaculate flew first backward, then forward and to the side, painting a marvelous figure eight in the air. This was followed by a very long rope of cum that shot directly upward above John's head and out of the frame. We all watched in amusement as Ann, Jacquelyn, and Andrea followed the trajectory of sperm as it splashed into the wall somewhere behind them. The camera came off John's cock for minute and panned right, capturing Tiffany's laughing face. Jill moved out of range next to Tiffany as they both observed the out of control cock as it continued to shoot sperm in every direction.
We then saw the camera move in for a close up of John's face, his eyes wide open, unable to understand what was happening to his cock. He was begging one of the girls to masturbate him. And then, in answer to his plea, a hand came into the frame from the left. It was Laura's hand. She pulled on his cock viciously, a wild, abandoned look on her face, as spurt after spurt was forced from John's tool. Then suddenly it stopped. The final string of cum flew past Laura's lovely profile and landed somewhere beyond the periphery of the stage.
After viewing the tape, I asked Tiffany what had made her decide to stop masturbating John at the last minute. She told me that she had done it once to her boyfriend as an experiment when they had parked with another couple in his car. She said that her girlfriend had watched from the backseat as she brought her boyfriend to orgasm and had simply wanted to see what would happen if she stopped stroking him. She was rewarded with a giant climax that sent his sperm flying into the windshield and then backwards over the girl's head in the back of the car. She said that she just sat there giggling as load after load shot out of the errant prick. This caused Bonnie to remark that she was going to try the same thing on her husband that very night!
In any event, Tiffany's little test proved to be a success. But John was far from done.
I asked Jacquelyn to immediately continue his masturbation, eager to see if the drug was still working. She quickly moved to his left and started stroking his prick in slow, sensuous movements. It took less than 20 seconds to encourage yet another spectacular display of sperm. As Jacquelyn felt him coming, Ann knelt over his cock and began sucking him off. She then opened her mouth over his prick as he yelled that he was beginning to cum. Hearing this, Jacquelyn took the tip of his prick between her thumb and forefinger and gave him several short rapid bursts. The first few spurts shot right into the back of Ann's throat and she swallowed every drop. Several more loads shot into her mouth before she had to pull away, the last few arcs of sperm splashing into her face and hair and some even flying several feet beyond her.
"Oh, God," John exclaimed, "I'm gonna cum again! Ah..."
"Andrea!" I yelled.
The girl rushed forward ready to grab his cock but Ann told her to wait. Pulling her hair out of her face, she again opened her mouth and took the full length of his tool down her hungry throat. Within seconds he was pumping more thick ropes of cum into her mouth. This time Ann did not pull away. She held him firmly between her lips as I watched her swallow what must have been a quart of hot sperm. Andrea's astonished face reflected my own feelings as Ann teased and coaxed her husband's penis to release yet even more of the creamy fluid.
Sensing Andrea wanted to help out, she took the girl's hand and had her start masturbating him. Ann herself pulled away, wiping her face with a towel as she watched her husband being masturbated to orgasm once again. Sitting astride him, Andrea used both her hands to bring him to climax, this time using strong upward strokes. The entire audience was shouting hysterically, urging her to make him cum. Pointing his prick toward the ceiling, we all watched as he fired off a continuous salvo of sperm. Her silky red hair raked across his genitals and caught a good portion of his load, making it one big sticky mess. She kept stroking, watching one creamy spurt follow upon another, to her utter delight. I counted about 15 separate ejaculations, each one as thick as all the ones before.
I heard Maria cry out just then and realized she had just fingered herself to orgasm. Rebecca looked at her and then at me and chuckled.
"Maria, you slut. In front of all these people!"
"I'm sorry, I couldn't help myself," she said apologetically. It's so sexy!"
I had to agree. It was difficult to maintain a professional decorum with such intimate sexual acts being committed right in front of our faces. I was almost certain that there must have been many other women, who, like Maria, had been overcome with lust at seeing John's performance and had secretly brought themselves to orgasm in full view of their colleagues. At times I looked around me and thought I must be at some wild bachelorette party, until the myriad professional faces reminded me that this was indeed a clinical experiment.
Andrea finished milking the last few drops of sperm from John's now depleted cock and climbed off him. The audience responded by giving her and John a standing ovation. Ann took her husband's hand and led the exhausted man toward the exit, winking to me as she passed by. I thanked her and all the other women who had participated in the test and watched as they resumed their seats in the audience, anxious to share their experiences with their questioning counterparts. As Lynette and her crew began to clean up the stage, I addressed the crowd.
"Thank you ladies, thank you," I said, as the most recent crop of volunteers were re-assimilated into the audience. "To all those who volunteered I want to say that your participation in these experiments is greatly appreciated by me and my staff. As I have mentioned earlier, the reason I have chosen to use volunteers is twofold: to avoid any accusations of falsifying results due to duplicity and to add an unbiased element by utilizing the services of women who are unacquainted with the subjects and therefore are unaware of the subjects' sexual predilections. As we now have three more tests to conclude, I will need more volunteers. If anyone is interested..."
"Right here!" said a middle-aged woman in a nurse's uniform who was sitting amongst a group of several other nurses in the front row to my far left. "I'd like to volunteer."
"Thank you," I said graciously. "Anyone else?"
Just then, an ocean of hands were raised simultaneously, representing more than two thirds of the audience; Bonnie's outstretched arm, waving wildly back and forth, being among them.
"This is wonderful. Thank you ladies. As this in the halfway point in our experiment, I am going to pause now for a brief intermission. We will meet here again in 20 minutes to conclude the test. There are refreshments in the adjoining conference room outside so please help yourselves. For those interested in volunteering, please see my assistant Rebecca now. Thank you."
As the women began to exit the lab to seek refreshments, I watched as Lynette and her assistants tackled the mess left behind in the aftermath of John's multitudinous orgasms. The amount of sperm he had ejaculated had been staggering, but I knew that the full potential of EJAX-472 was yet to be realized.
During the intermission I decided to go back to my office to relax for a few minutes before resuming the experiment. I realized that my entire body was shaking from the anxiety and tension associated with the uncertainty of the tests. So far, all was going well, but analysis of the various sperm specimens would tell the whole story. So despite the outward success of EJAX-472, I could not be assured of final victory until the analyses were complete and the drug's effectiveness was proven.
As I was looking over my notes to prepare myself for the next round of subjects, I looked up to see Bonnie standing in the doorway. "You okay sis?" she asked concerned.
"Sure," I replied. "Come in and sit down."
She took a seat in front of my desk and crossed her long, slender, suntanned legs. "When you left the lab I was worried, so I decided to check on you. How are you holding up?"
"I'm a little tired from shaking hands and dodging sperm, but I'll be all right."
Bonnie let out a hearty laugh. "I want you to know that I got drenched on your behalf!"
"Yes, but you enjoyed it." I replied.
She looked at me seriously. "Are you kidding? I loved it. Did you see the way I made that guy cum? Whoosh!" She drew her arms together then quickly up and outward to simulate the subject's violent ejaculation.
"Youandthe drug," I corrected her.
"Okay, okay. The drug was a big part of it, but so weren't these hands!" She brought her fingers together with her thumb, pretending she was jerking off an invisible penis. "I love being in control of a man."
"You're such a voluptuary."
"Oh," she said somewhat offended, "and you're not? Come on sis, this experiment of yours should have been called "Christiana's Masturbatorium!"
I laughed aloud.
"I mean it," she continued. "You love controlling those men in there. It gives you a sense of power and superiority over them doesn't it?"
I had to admit she had a point. "I suppose so. But that's not the reason I'm doing this."
"Okay, maybe not. But you still get a big thrill from it don't you? Admit it."
'Yes, yes, it is exciting. I admit that."
"Of course it is," she said, pleased with herself. "And make no mistake about it. Those subjects of yours loved being masturbated by a bunch of strange women."
"Judging by the results, I would have to agree."
"Some men are just like that. They enjoy being controlled by a woman. It turns them on."
Bonnie started toying with her hair, drawing her index finger around a few random strands until she formed a small knot. This was a nervous habit of hers, and always practiced when discussing sexual matters.
"My sister, the control freak," I said, staring down at my desk.
"Okay. What's wrong sis?"
I drew a deep breath. "I'm concerned, that's all."
"Don't tell me. It's about the drug."
"Yes."
"It works Christiana. What are you concerned about?"
"That what we're seeing here is just a freak thing—a one time only affair. You have to understand that all the validation lies in the analysis. Without that, this wonderful display of masculine libido is nothing but show."
Bonnie smiled at my remark. "But what a show! You single-handedly created sexual monsters out of those guys. It's nothing short of 'spermarific'!"
"What?" I asked.
"Spermarific," she repeated. "It's what all the women are referring to this experiment as."
I shook my head and laughed. "You always know how to cheer me up don't you?"
"Look sis, you know better than anyone else that there are always going to be risks involved in any scientific undertaking. You've invented something new and it's going to take time to work out all the bugs. So stop worrying and let's get back to the lab. I want to watch your girls coax out a few more cumshots before the day is over."
We both laughed long and hard as we walked back toward the lab. Bonnie's direct and unassuming approach always succeeded in disarming men, and sometimes even me. It was one of the things I most admired about her.
By the time I had returned to the lab most of the audience had returned to their seats. I checked in with Lynette and she told me that the final three subjects were awaiting my instructions. I noticed that Rebecca, Maria, and Cheryl had all taken their places as previously arranged and were only waiting for me to give them the word to begin.
"I have a list of volunteers," Rebecca said holding a long piece of paper in her hands.
"How many?" I asked.
"Almost two thirds of the audience," she said cheerily.
"Are you kidding?" I asked surprised.
"No!" she replied. "Isn't it great?"
Judging by the long list of volunteers, I would never have suspected that people in the medical profession had such libidinous natures. I was no prude myself, but to see so many women willing to shed their inhibitions at one time was illuminating. When all preparations had been made, I gave Lynette the signal to bring the first subject onstage.
"Uh, excuse me," said a 50-ish looking woman in the fifth row.
"Yes?" I said.
"My name is Jane Nordstrom," she said standing up. "I am a guest of one of the doctors in attendance here and I have to say that I don't believe that what we are witnessing here today is real. In fact, it is my belief that this entire so-called 'experiment' of yours is nothing more than a hoax."
I was shocked to hear such a statement. How could she be so stupid as to deny the evidence of her own eyes? She was sitting close enough. Couldn't she see the truth for herself? After the shouts of protest died down I took up the gauntlet.
"Are you accusing me of fraud?" I asked, barely able to get the words out.
"Yes, Dr. Swensen, I am."
'What nerve,' I said to myself. I was not going to allow this detractor to ruin my experiment by turning it into some circus sideshow.
"What makes you think that what you have witnessed here tonight is anything but authentic? Do you doubt the evidence of your own eyes?"
"The eyes can be tricked. From what I have seen it appears that some form of legerdemain was used to simulate those ridiculous ejaculations."
"They were real, I assure you."
"I don't believe you. How you have managed to fool these otherwise intelligent women is beyond me, but men cannot experience orgasms such as the ones we've seen here today."
Bonnie jumped up from her seat and addressed the woman in my defense.
"I beg your pardon miss," she said angrily, "but there are many women here, including myself, who participated in these experiments, and I can tell you that those orgasms were real!"
"That's what you claim, but I see no reason to believe you."
"How about the three gallons of sperm those guys ejaculated? Do you believe that?"
"I do not, and stop trying to convince me. It's all fake and I think you're all in on it."
"In on what?" I asked.
"On your little scam," she replied nastily. "It is physically impossible for a man to release that much semen at one time. Physically impossible."
I could not believe this woman's staunch denial of the truth. She was calling me a liar in front of all these people and I had to find a way to put a stop to her false accusations before the entire situation got out of hand.
"It is not physically impossible. That's what EJAX-472 was meant to do."
"Rubbish!"
She was beginning to anger me. "Let me ask you this. Why do you think I would go to all this trouble to conduct an experiment that was not based on truth?"
"Truth? You're not interested in the truth doctor. You're interested in money!" With that she sat down with a self-righteous shrug.
The entire audience was in an uproar. I saw Bonnie screaming at the woman, her face all red with emotion. Several of my friends at the university tried to argue with her but Jane Nordstrom held her ground. This was the last straw for me. This person had insulted my character. She had called me a liar and an opportunist and she would have to be dealt with quickly and decisively. With much shouting, I finally got the crowd to settle down.
"There is no doubt that if my drug is successful it could make me very rich. But the real issue here is one of who's telling the truth. I am therefore willing to prove to you, personally, that everything you have seen here today is real."
"There is no way it can be done. You're wasting your time."
"What would convince you of the validity of my experiments?" I asked, trying hard to contain my anger.
She thought for a moment. "If you really want to prove to me and everyone here the veracity of your experiment," she said smugly, "then have your subject come down into the audience and perform for us, where we can all see and judge for ourselves."
I was getting this woman to play right into my hands. "I see, so you think that because these men are onstage that there is a probability of some kind of trickery going on?"
"I would say it is a high probability."
"In that case, I am prepared to back up my claims. I will honor your request and have the next subject come down into the audience and demonstrate to you that all I have said is the truth. Is this acceptable to you?"
"Go right ahead," she said with impertinence. "Do your best."
What a horrendous creature I thought. Physically she was a very attractive woman with short platinum blonde hair and intense blue eyes. But her personality was something I found repugnant. It would be a pleasure to make her look like a fool in front of all these people.
I gave the sign for Lynette to bring the subject out onto the platform. The atmosphere in the room was now very tense, and I even believed that there were some women who, despite evidence to the contrary, sought a similar assurance, as Jane Nordstrom was now demanding from me.
"You should have thrown the bitch out," Rebecca said.
"If I had done that, she would have gone and spread all kinds of rumors about me. No, I have to nip this thing in the bud now, otherwise we're going to have major problems with the media later on."
Rebecca shrugged. "Some people can be so stupid," she said, as she glared at the taciturn woman.
The forth subject in the experiment, whose name was Stuart Borg, came onto the stage in his white lab coat accompanied by Lynette and his girlfriend Denise. Stuart was about 32 years old—a thin, rather plain looking man who seemed to be always looking to his girlfriend for direction. During his stay at the Clinic he remained somewhat sullen and aloof, but he did have a good sense of humor when it could be brought out of him. His girlfriend was a stern-faced woman a few years older than he was, and seemed to take great pleasure in bossing him around. She confided in me that she and Stuart had been dating for three years and all during that time he had rarely satisfied her sexually. Having now gotten a full dose of her personality, I could see why.
Lynette removed Stuart's lab coat leaving him totally naked on the stage next to me. Denise sat on a chair to my right looking uncomfortable.
"Our next test subject is a man of 32 years in good physical and mental health. For the past three years he has suffered from a sexual dysfunction known as 'premature ejaculation'. No apparent cause has been found for this phenomenon. He has been taking EJAX-472 for the past two weeks and his body is now saturated with the drug. Premature ejaculators all suffer from the 'anticipation' aspect of sex; their penises become so sensitized to the anticipation of vaginal entry that they ejaculate merely by thinking about it. My drug allows the subject to remain in a constant state of arousal while desensitizing that part of the brain responsible for sending electrical impulses to the penis arbitrarily. In effect, the subject can now, at his own will, control the rate and intensity of his ejaculations. I call this the 'COC' or 'cum on command' factor."
I looked at Jane Nordstrom who just shook her head and sneered.
I asked Lynette to bring a chair and place it in front of the stage at audience level. I then directed Stuart to walk around the room so that all the women could view his body up close. As he navigated his way around the rows of chairs, I saw an uncomfortable look appear on Jane Nordstrom's face. While he casually walked up and down the aisles, I asked him to stop and allow himself to be inspected by the women.
"Ladies," I said, "please perform a visual inspection of the subject's genitals. I want everyone to see that we are not resorting to trickery here."
A few minutes went by as the women inspected him. When they were assured nothing was amiss, I asked Jane Nordstrom to sit in the chair in front of the stage. At first I thought she was going to back down, but her curiosity got the better of her and she walked briskly down the aisle with her head down, looking at no one.
"Thank you Ms. Nordstrom," I said politely, the words sticking in my throat.
She sat down and crossed her legs, revealing a splendid cheesecake pose.
I had Stuart approach her and stand to her side so that all the women in the audience could see what I was about to do.
"Ms. Nordstrom has accused me of fabricating the events you have all witnessed here today. To quell the charges of fraud, I would now like to ask Ms. Nordstrom to examine the subject closely to be certain that no deception is involved. Are you ready Ms. Nordstrom?"
"I suppose so," she said dismissively.
"Then please begin."
She turned her head toward Stuart, her face on the same level as his flaccid penis. "I'm looking."
"Do you see anything suspect about his genitals?"
After a short cursory examination she replied that she did not.
"I would now like you to handle his penis and tell me if it is indeed real."
"It seems real to me," she said without touching it.
"But we must be sure, mustn't we?" I insisted. "Please use your hands."
She timidly took hold of Stuart's penis and after turning it around in her hand for a few seconds, seemed satisfied that it was the real thing.
"Now please turn your attention to the subject's scrotum. Feel it over with your fingers and tell me if it seems normal to you."
She hefted Stuart's ample sac in her hand and seemed content that all was as it should be. "It looks fine," she said, "but it feels heavy."
I chuckled to myself. "That's due to the effects of my drug. Even now as we speak, his balls are filling up with semen. Obviously you are turning him on."
"But I haven't done anything."
"That's the beauty of it. His brain now controls all of his ejaculatory actions. He makes the decision as to how he will react and when he will react, all within the parameters circumscribed by the drug."
"Are you telling me that he can get an erection at will, just by thinking about it?"
"Not only that Ms. Nordstrom, he can also have an orgasm 'at will'."
The group of nurses who were sitting only a few yards away snickered loudly.
"I don't believe it," she said unconvinced.
"I knew you wouldn't," I replied, expecting such a reaction. "That's why we are going to put it to the test."
She looked at me suspiciously, trying to determine what I had in mind. I pointed to the nurse who had readily volunteered her services earlier and she rose up from her chair and approached me.
"Would you like to participate in this test?" I asked her.
"Anything for science," she replied with a smile.
She told me her name was Sally. I figured her to be in her late thirties. She was about 5' 6", very attractive, with brown eyes and medium length black hair. She possessed a frank sexuality about her that I found engaging. Her extroverted personality stood in stark contrast to the anxious looking woman sitting in the chair.
I had Lynette bring a chair for Sally and had both her and Jane Nordstrom sit on either side of Stuart facing him while he, himself, faced the audience. I instructed the two camerawomen to come up close to the three of them and position their cameras on either side. Maria stood behind Sally, her camera ready to record the event. Rebecca and Cheryl stood to Ms. Nordstrom's right.
"Sally," I said, I would like you to act as a non-partial, close up witness. And I would also like you to help the subject with his orgasm."
"Certainly, doctor," she said happily.
"Ms. Nordstrom," I began. "The women in the audience have inspected the test subject and have found his physical state to be perfectly normal. Are you in agreement with their assessment?"
"I am."
"And upon your inspection of the subject just now, do you admit that his body appears normal—that there are no tubes, connecting devices, or artificial contrivances attached?
"I could detect no such things on his body."
"In that case, let us begin. Since you have accused me of perpetrating a hoax in regards to this experiment, I am now forced to refute that accusation. I have asked you to participate in this test so that there will be no doubt in anyone's mind here tonight of the validity of EJAX-472. To prove to you and the audience the power of my drug, you are going to induce an erection in the subject using no physical stimulation whatsoever."
Jane Nordstrom gave me bemused look. "What do you expect me to do, talk him into a hard-on?"
Several women snickered.
"Exactly," I replied. "You are to use any provocative sexual language you like to induce an erection in the subject."
Now everyone in the room started laughing. Jane Nordstrom couldn't hide her look of disdain, while Sally simply giggled and started mouthing nonsense words to Stuart's penis, causing her nurse friends to go into hysterics.
"This is ridiculous!" Jane Nordstrom shouted as the laughter continued unabated.
With her friends egging her on, Sally now stuck her tongue out in close proximity to Stuart's penis and licked the air around it. The audience went wild. Even Stuart, who was normally poker-faced, broke out into a huge grin. But despite this singular unexpected moment of humor, I noticed that something was stirring within him. That something, I accurately guessed, was the drug starting to kick in. I could only imagine that the raucous behavior of the women coupled with Sally's lewd attentions, had started a chemical chain reaction within his loins whose effect was only now beginning to be evidenced by the slow upward climb of his penis.
"Ladies please, calm down!" I urged.
Rebecca seconded my appeal by raising her arms above her head, palms outward, in an attempt to quell the din. Slowly the laughter began to subside.
"Thank you. Now that we've all had a good time, I would like to conclude this experiment. And Sally," I said looking right at her, "you will refrain from making any overtly sexual gestures, otherwise I will have to ask you to return to your seat."
She looked at me sheepishly but I could still detect a slight smirk on her face.
During this time, Stuart's penis had continued its slow ascent to the horizontal. Sally was the first to notice it.
"Look girls," she announced. "He's getting hard!"
It was true. Stuart had become as hard as a rock, his penis sticking out obscenely from his body in all its naked glory. Jane Nordstrom was unaware of it until prompted by Sally's remark, and turned her head toward him to come face to face with the throbbing piece of flesh.
"Oh, my!" she said, repulsed.
Her reaction prompted another burst of laughter from the audience and I had to wait a full minute before I could resume.
"As you can see everyone," I began, "the subject has become fully aroused with no manual stimulation whatsoever. This is due to the effect of the drug."
Jane Nordstrom studied the bobbing penis that was now only inches from her face with amusement. "Not necessarily, doctor," she said smugly, "many men get excited without touching themselves. This proves nothing."
"Maybe so," I conceded. "But the proof, as they say, is in the pudding."
"I'm not sure what you mean."
"It's simple. You and Sally are going to give our test subject an orgasm by using words alone. You will not touch him in any way. When he is ready, he will ejaculate only once and once only." I looked at Stuart. "Does the subject understand this?"
He looked at me and nodded.
"Under normal circumstances, once ejaculation commences, the series of orgasmic pulses that occur in the penis cannot be controlled. However, the test subject will be able to control these pulses with the aid of the drug and therefore will be able to cum on command. As this experiment has never been done before, I cannot be certain of the results. But I am reasonably sure that this is what indeed will occur."
"I don't see how this is possible," Jane Nordstrom said skeptically and with some hint of mockery. "How can you get a man to have an orgasm by merely talking to him?"
"The mind is a sexual organ, Ms. Nordstrom. And don't forget that the subject is under the influence of my drug."
"Of course, that must be it!" she said with an air of impudence.
Sally looked hungrily at Stuart's cock as it pulsated in the air before her. She had a hard time keeping her eyes off it, and I had a funny feeling that she wanted to do more than simply stare at it. Thankfully, she had the good sense to abide by my wishes and kept her hands on her lap. "His balls are really getting big doctor," she said with some concern.
"As is the case with all of our other subjects, this is normal. He is now in a heightened state of arousal, but with the ability to control the his penile contractions and the amount of semen ejaculated."
Jane Nordstrom remained implacable. "This is something I have to see."
"Oh you will, Ms. Nordstrom. You will." I assured her. "And so that there will be no doubt in your mind that the orgasm is genuine, I want you to hold out your hands and catch the sperm as it shoots out."
Jane Nordstrom looked at me incredulously. "You want me to do what?"
"I want you to catch his cum in your hands," I said matter of factly.
"What on earth for?" she said somewhat alarmed.
"So that you will know that it's real. I want you to leave here today feeling absolutely sure that everything you have witnessed is true."
I felt a great sense of pleasure from her apparent discomfort. It was payback time and I was going to enjoy it.
"I'm not sure I like this idea," she said dismayed.
"You're the one who demanded proof," I said pointedly. "I'm going to give it to you."
She was going to say something more, but thought the better of it and accepted her situation. I had Lynette bring two pairs of protective plastic gloves, which both ladies put on. I then asked the audience to remain completely quiet as Jane Nordstrom and Sally began their verbal assault on Stuart's prick. Stuart's hands had been cuffed behind his back to prevent him from stimulating his own penis. I'm glad I had decided to employ this measure because he certainly would have tried to masturbate himself otherwise. As it was, all he could do was concentrate on the women's words and allow their sexy talk to stimulate him.
Jane Nordstrom stared at Stuart's rigid penis with a mixture of curiosity and apprehension. "Hello!" she said addressing his cock. This made Sally chuckle.
"Sexy talk, Ms. Nordstrom," I urged her. "Sally, show her."
Sally gave me a knowing smile. She then looked up into Stuart's eyes and said in a low, soft, sensuous voice, "I'll bet you've been saving it up for days, huh? I mean, look at your balls. They're so fucking big!"
As if in response, Stuart's cock started to twitch.
"Did you see that? Jane Nordstrom commented.
"Talk to him!" I ordered.
"I don't know what to say," she said feebly. "I feel so silly."
"Oh, for Christ's sake!" Sally blurted out. "Talk dirty to him!"
Jane Nordstrom was now in the spotlight. Saying obscene things to Stuart was bad enough, but saying nothing was even worse. After a few moments had passed, she collected herself enough to begin.
"How big is that thing anyway?" she asked tentatively. "It looks about six or seven inches to me."
"I'd say seven inches tops." Sally offered.
"Would you? Well that's a pretty nice sized penis. Do you masturbate a lot?" Stuart nodded.
"I'll bet you do," she agreed. "I'll bet you'd like to masturbate yourself right now wouldn't you?"
Stuart nodded again.
"Of course you would. It's understandable with all that semen building up inside those big balls of yours."
Stuart's cock twitched once more. It was obvious her words were having an effect on him. She quickly looked at me as if seeking approval.
"Keep it up," I said encouragingly.
It must have been the approval she had been seeking, because I noticed a distinct change in her attitude just then. Her initial reticence seemed to have given way to some libidinous aspect of her personality heretofore hidden. Sally and I looked at each other in surprise as Jane Nordstrom began moving her head around the periphery of Stuart's engorged cock, admiring it as if it were some priceless artifact. Her voice rose in a series of gentle ooos and ahhs as she looked under his balls, then his cock, all from various angles.
"I think you're gonna shoot your load soon. Am I right?" she said teasingly.
Stuart's face was turning red and his breathing was becoming labored. This excited Jane Nordstrom immensely.
"What do you think Sally?" she inquired. "Does it look to you as if he's gonna cum for us soon?"I would say real soon," Sally replied.
"And what makes you say that?"
"I can tell."
"How can you tell?"
"Well," Sally said, "those big plums of his are retreating into his body."
"And what does that mean?"
"It means that he's getting ready to ejaculate."
"I guess you would know. After all, you are a nurse."
"Yes, I am," Sally affirmed.
"And as a nurse, have you ever had to masturbate a patient?"
"I do it all the time," she said cheerfully.
"Really?" Jane Nordstrom exclaimed. "And do you enjoy masturbating them?"
"Absolutely. I love watching guys cum."
"It brings you pleasure then?"
"Yes. I love controlling a man like that. It gives me such a rush of power."
With those words the three of us watched in fascination as his prick swelled to even greater dimensions. I could actually see the veins in his penis throb as their lewd dialogue brought him inexorably toward the edge. Aware of the results she had inspired, Jane Nordstrom actually giggled, which took both Sally and me unawares. I could see that Stuart was now reaching the threshold of his endurance. Jane Nordstrom was getting into his masturbation via the spoken word and she was loving it.
She moved her face closer to Stuart's penis. "Ooops," she said in mock concern, "do I detect something wet around the tip of your penis?"
"That's just his pre-cum," Sally casually remarked.
"Pre-cum? What does that signify nurse Sally?"
"It means he's gonna cum any moment now.""Are you sure?"
"I'm very sure."
At this point I noticed that Denise had risen quickly from her seat and stood on the platform above Stuart watching, with a sudden newfound interest, the masturbation of her boyfriend by the two women. She stood there with her arms folded across her chest, quietly observing as they teased him with their naughty discourse.
"Look!" Sally said to Stuart. "There's a lady standing right behind you. I think she wants to see you cum too."
Stuart turned his head and saw Denise smiling at him as if in approbation of all that was now happening to him. Her consent meant that he could now abandon any inhibitions he might have had and really enjoy himself. By this one act, he had now been redeemed in her eyes. As a result, his entire body stiffened up as it gave way to the overwhelming surge of lust that the two filthy mouthed women were provoking from him.
"Remember," Jane Nordstrom said to Stuart, "you are to ejaculate only once. You understand don't you?"
"Yes," he managed to blurt out between clenched teeth.
Then Jane Nordstrom did something completely unexpected: she took off her gloves. Sally looked at me questioningly, but I said nothing. I did not want to interrupt the experiment now that Stuart was almost ready to cum.
"Go ahead," Jane Nordstrom said as she cupped her now unprotected hands together and held them in front of his cock, "fill them up."
We all watched spellbound as his cock seemed suddenly to come alive, bouncing up and down of its own accord like some agitated snake, ready to spit its venomous juice.
"Do it baby!" Denise suddenly screamed. "Give her your cum!"
As if in obedience to her command, Stuart groaned and thrust his hips forward as a steady stream of thick sperm spurted from the head of his cock into the delicate hands of Jane Nordstrom. The force of the ejaculation was so powerful that some of it bounced off and splashed into Sally's waiting hands.
"Oh, my God!" Jane Nordstrom said turning to me excited and breathless. "You were right!"
A long strand of cum clung to the head of Stuart's shaft but he had stopped ejaculating. Both women examined the residue in their hands and started laughing.
"Jesus!" Sally exclaimed looking into Jane Nordstrom's hands, "what a load!"
"I can't believe it." Jane Nordstrom remarked. "Look at this!" She thrust her cupped hands out in front of her to show us what she had received. I was amazed to see that her hands were filled to the top with sperm. The audience signaled their approval with cheers and whistles.
I had Cheryl bring a glass beaker over to the women so that Stuart's sperm could be deposited. While Jane Nordstrom excused herself to go and clean her hands, Sally removed her gloves and returned to her seat seeming quite satisfied with her performance. I then noticed that Denise was caressing Stuart's shoulders and kissing him passionately. His cock was still hard and swayed back and forth as he raised his mouth up to meet hers. I told Stuart to remain where he was and to prepare himself for what was to come. Denise responded by saying that she wanted to be included in whatever it was that I had planned. I agreed and told them both to await my instructions. When Jane Nordstrom returned a few minutes later she approached me somewhat abashed.
"You were right," she said in a contrite tone. "I'm sorry I doubted you."
"Forget it. I have to give you credit for doing what you did."
She smiled. "I wanted proof, and I got it."
I had to admire her honesty. "May I ask you something?"
"Sure."
"What made you take off the gloves?"
She laughed. "Oh, that. I don't know really. I guess I just got so turned on. You know it was rather thrilling to see."
I had to agree.
"And the excitement of it. I just loved the feel of his cum hitting the palms of my hands. It was so hot!"
"I'm glad you enjoyed it. But that was just the beginning. I'm going to have the subject finish up now."
Her eyes widened. "Oh, great! I can't wait to see this "cum on command" business in action. What are you going to have him do?"
"Why don't you take your seat and see."
"I will," she said accommodatingly. "No hard feelings doctor?"
"No hard feelings."
She left me then to return to her seat.
I had succeeded. Jane Nordstrom had finally been impressed.
I now turned my attentions to Stuart.
"How are you feeling?" I asked him.
"To be honest doctor, I feel like my plumbing is all backed up."
"I'm sure it is. You see the drug is helping you to control your ejaculations. Your penis is acting like a dam holding back a flood of sperm."
"I can't believe a man can control himself this way," Denise said.
"It's the drug. As long as Stuart continues to take it, he will never again suffer from premature ejaculation."
Denise kissed Stuart's cheek and said sweetly, "Do you hear that honey? We can actually have a normal sex life now." She took hold of his penis and pulled it toward her. "But this needs to be dealt with."
"Absolutely," I said. "Stuart, please get back on the platform and stand center stage."
I had Lynette place several chairs on the stage in a semicircle around Stuart. Denise and Rebecca sat on Stuart's right, and Maria and Cheryl sat to his left, leaving Stuart facing the audience. Each of the women held a card in their hands upon which was written a single sentence containing one word in bold italics. Lynette had told them not to speak the sentence aloud until they were instructed to do so. This was the actual experiment that was supposed to take place before Jane Nordstrom had so rudely interrupted the proceedings.
I started to feel sorry for Stuart. I could tell by the pained expression on his face that he was struggling to keep from ejaculating. Looking at his balls I could see that they were distended and the tip of his penis was glistening with the first signs of escaping semen. I had used him as a guinea pig to prove my point to Jane Nordstrom, but despite this, he did not appear to harbor any ill will toward me. He actually seemed rather happy that I had put Jane Nordstrom in her place by offering me a quick congratulations as he ascended the platform in front of me. We were now finally ready to begin.
"As you know ladies, the subject is still capable of multiple ejaculations controlled at will. I would now like to demonstrate that capacity using the 'cum on command' technique. Each of the four women seated on the stage has a card in her hands upon which is written a sentence containing a single word. This is a "trigger" word that when spoken aloud, will cause the subject to experience an involuntary ejaculation response. Please do not repeat aloud what I am now about to show you." I reached down and picked up a placard with four words written on it:garage,velvet,exhibitionist, andpole. "These are the four trigger words. I held the sign in front of me for all the women to see. "The subject has undergone a period of hypnosis wherein he has been conditioned to respond to these four words. When he hears them spoken, he will ejaculate as if on command."
The women in the audience listened attentively. I heard a few disbelieving comments but by this time I had become used to them and simply ignored them.
"Denise," I said, "I would like you to begin by first telling the subject how many ejaculations you want him to experience and then you can read the sentence aloud. Please proceed."
Denise gave Stuart an encouraging look.
"I want you to ejaculate three times only," she said to him. "Okay, are you ready? Here goes." She held the card up in front of her and began to read from it. "The first time I caught my boyfriend masturbating was in my parent's...garage."
At that moment the look on Stuart's face went from one of nervous anticipation to one of outright shock. He looked down at his prick, his mouth agape. One might have thought an invisible hand was furiously masturbating his penis by the way it was bobbing up and down. The entire audience stared at him, captivated by the sight of his bouncing prick as it reared back and fired off a long rope of cum that flew several feet into the air and onto the plastic sheeting. This was followed by two more giant squirts that followed in quick succession.
"Outstanding!" a woman called out from the front row of seats.
All the ladies were cheering—myself included. I was thrilled to see that Stuart had been able to control his ejaculation. He was told to come three times and he did just that. Denise applauded his performance by going up to him and slapping his ass and then quickly returning to her seat.
"Rebecca," you're next." I said.
"Okay," she began, looking at me knowingly.
She picked up one of the glass beakers and stood to Stuart's side holding it in front of his cock. "I would like you to give us one big cumshot," she said to him.
Rebecca read from the card. "Carolyn owned a pair ofvelvetgloves..."
She was cut off in mid-sentence as the trigger word sent Stuart's cock into immediate spasms. She held the beaker close to his prick as it unleashed a thick stream of hot sperm. She continued.
"...which she used to keep in avelvet..."
There was a slight pause and then another rope of cum found its way into the beaker.
"purse in her room ofvelvet."
Stuart groaned as he again fired another huge cumshot into the glass.
Rebecca held the glass beaker high for all to see. It was half full.
"Anybody for a cum cocktail?" she joked.
The audience squealed with delight. Several ribald comments were hurled at Stuart and his "miracle prick," but he I could tell he was having the time of his life. The drug had liberated him and I think for once he actually enjoyed being ordered about by a bunch of women, now that he was no longer hampered by a penis that had continually betrayed him.
Rebecca handed the beaker to Lynette who marveled at the amount of fluid it contained.
"That was really remarkable," I said to Rebecca. "Thank you. And now, let's move on to Maria."
"This card seems to have special instructions written on it," she said.
"What do the instructions say?" I inquired.
"It says that the subject himself has to provide the trigger word."
This had been a last-minute ploy of mine to invoke a little humor into the experiment. I knew it was a wicked thing to do, but it seemed like it would be so much fun.
"Does the subject understand what is being asked of him?" I asked Stuart.
"Yes, doctor," he replied.
"All right then," I said to Maria, "Proceed."
Maria read from the card. "What do you call a person who derives pleasure from posing naked in public?"
"Stuart thought for a moment and then replied. "Mmm...let's see. Could it be...a voyeur? No, no...an exhibitionist! Oh!"
He had surprised himself. Suddenly his cock did a little dance and then erupted in a series of climaxes that made Maria and the rest of us gape in awe. I realized that she had forgotten to tell him how many times he was supposed to ejaculate, so he just kept shooting sperm all over the place. Rope after rope of gooey cum exploded from his cock-head as the audience screamed with joy.
Stuart looked at me with a frantic look on his face, unable to control the continuous flow of sperm from his prick. If he had not been previously hypnotized, he would have been able to override the 'cum on command' dictate of his own volition. As it was, he was at the mercy of his hypnotic programming gone wild. He had now ejaculated about a dozen separate times and there was no end in sight. Thankfully, I had implanted a failsafe mental command in his mind to be invoked in an emergency. It would shut down his automatic responses by the implementation of a simple codeword.
"Four...seven...two!" I shouted.
Suddenly the orgasms ceased, with only one long strand of cum hanging precariously from the tip of his cock remaining as evidence of his penile convulsions. Stuart was greeted by a thunderous applause as he stood there seemingly dazed. Denise rose from her seat to make certain he was in no distress, and seeing that he was not in any discomfort, gave him a kiss and sat down again. Maria looked at me apologetically, knowing she had botched the test. However, since no harm had come to Stuart, and since it was such a marvelously dramatic performance, I withheld my criticism from her.
Once the audience had quieted down, I had Cheryl read from her card.
"It doesn't say anything except'pole'," she complained.
Like Maria before her, Cheryl had forgotten to specify to Stuart how many times she wished him to ejaculate.
Once again his prick started to fire uncontrollably, much to the immense delight and amusement of the crowd, who were now totally captivated by the amount of sperm they saw flying out of the end of his cock. The floor in front of him was a mess, a huge puddle of whitish goo that was now threatening to spill off the sides of the platform onto the floor. The cum kept spurting from his prick in thick jets, some landing near the women in the first row of seats. They squealed as they shifted their legs back and forth in an effort to dodge the oncoming sperm. At this point I decided to let him continue to ejaculate to see where it would all end. He looked at me for guidance but I simply indicated that he should just let himself go, which he did to everyone's enjoyment. With each spurt the crowd egged him on to even more vivid displays of ejaculatory prowess, watching in awe as his prick kept shooting out ropes of cum at rapid intervals. I think I must have counted about 20 or more ejaculations before the vast reservoirs of cum were finally exhausted. Stuart sank to the floor in a heap; an island in the middle of an ocean of sperm.
With this final orgasmic display, Stuart and Denise left the stage amidst a thunderous round of applause. It was difficult for me to believe that the volume of sperm now covering the platform could have come from one man. But the evidence was undeniable. Judging by the look on Denise's face as they left the room, I imagined that their sex life would now take on a new life of its own.
It took Lynette and her crew about twenty minutes to clean up the mess. During this time I went to the ladies' room and returned to find Bonnie and Rebecca talking together. Bonnie motioned for me to join them.
"That drug of yours is something else sis," she said emphatically. "Are you sure you're not in league with the Devil?"
"I don't think so," I said.
"I was just telling Rebecca that I'd like to get my hands on some of that stuff for Philip."
I looked surprised. "You never mentioned that he had ejaculatory problems."
"He doesn't. I just think it's fun to see a guy cum like that."
"You got to admit Christiana, "Rebecca added, "any guy taking your drug would be the life of the party!"
"Absolutely!" Bonnie agreed. "Sis, you're sitting on a goldmine!"
I eyed them both skeptically. "Are you both suggesting that I should make this drug available over the counter? To any man who wants it?"
"Why not?" Bonnie said. "Guys would kill to have an orgasm like the one we just saw."
"The drug was designed for men who have sexual dysfunctions. It was not meant as a universal panacea for guys who have their hearts set on adult film stardom."
Bonnie pouted. "You're nuts sis, you know that? If I were you, I'd be thinking of ways to advertise and market the stuff. The money you rake in from the sale of the drug could be used to finance your future endeavors. Think about it."
"Bonnie has a point," Rebecca said thoughtfully.
"Hmm...maybe. I'll have to think about it—whenI get FDA approval. Meanwhile we have a test to conclude. Rebecca please see that our next subject is prepared."
"Sure thing," she said as she walked out into the outer room.
"Who's up next sis? Bonnie asked.
"This one's a very special case. Don't ask me anything more. Just watch and see."
"Spoil sport," she said as she walked back to her seat.
The special case I was referring to was Adam Hildebrand. As I walked onto the stage I thought back over the past two weeks and how often during that time I had imagined what it would be like to have his beautiful, strong hands caress my body. He was without doubt the most gorgeous man I had ever seen and all the women on my staff were in love with him. The particulars of his case revealed a pathological condition whose remedy appeared dim. Nonetheless, I hade made it my overriding concern to see to it that no stone was left unturned in the quest to find a solution to his problem. As I moved up to the microphone, I told Lynette to wait until after I had spoken before bringing Adam onto the stage.
"Ladies, our next subject will be coming onstage in a few minutes. Before he comes out, I would like to tell you a little about his case." I paused for a moment to clear my throat, then began. "The subject is a white male of 19 years old who has never in his life experienced an erection or an orgasm."
A chorus of low whispers immediately greeted me.
"His medical records indicate that his reproductive system is healthy with no apparent anomalies. So a pathology based upon physiological causes has proven to be problematical. It is my own contention that the subject suffers from some kind of psychological anomaly heretofore undiagnosed, but I am taking liberties in saying this. The truth is that, up until now, there exists no sufficient evidence to indicate why the subject should not be enjoying a healthy and normal sex life. Since the introduction of EJAX-472 into his system two weeks ago, there has been no indication of any change or variation in status. Electrodes introduced onto the skin of his penis failed to register an erection at any time during the period. His body is now fully saturated with the drug but I am not hopeful of a positive outcome based upon recent observation. Therefore, for this particular case, I am going to need the assistance of those volunteers who possess a great deal of patience and persistence. I am now going to introduce the subject. If any of you would like to volunteer, please come forward. The only thing I ask is that you do not divulge any personal information to the subject about yourselves whatsoever. I mention this restriction because it is integral to the success of the test."
I signaled to Lynette to bring the subject out. Rebecca, Maria, and Cheryl had all expressed to me their desire to assist with Adam's test, but he had become acquainted with them during his two-week stay and I wanted to introduce a random element into the mix. It was my belief that, after careful examination of his psychological profile, familiarity bred apathy, and the only way to overcome this mental block was to include women who were totally unknown to him. He insinuated as much to me the first time I ever interviewed him.
"Why do you think you have never had an erection or an ejaculation?" I hadasked.
"I don't know."
"Your doctor says that there is nothing physically wrong with you. How do you account for that?"
"I can't."
"You've had several tests."
"Yes."
"And all the results came back normal."
"Yes."
"Well, if it's not physical, it must be psychological. What do you think?"
"I don't know."
"Let's assume that it is psychological. Is there something about women that turns you off?"
"No."
He was emphatic on this point.
"Are you sure there is nothing about women that might cause you to think about them in a negative way?"
"No, I just told you."
"Okay. I want to ask you a series of questions. Please answer honestly. You stated that you have never had an erection?"
"That's right."
"Not even a morning erection?"
"Never."
"Have you ever had wet dreams?"
"Sometimes."
"Have you ever felt the need to masturbate?"
"Yes."
"And did you?"
"I tried a few times but nothing happens. I don't feel anything."
"What were you doing at the time?"
"Looking at dirty books, videos, and stuff."
"Did the images stimulate you?"
"A little. But after I tried a few times nothing happened so I stopped."
"What about real women? Do you get excited thinking about making love to a real woman?"
"It doesn't work that way."
"What do you mean?"
"Well, this girl I know likes me and she's really cute but I can't do anything."
"How long have you known her?"
"About two years."
"Do you feel any desire for her?"
"I told you, it's not like that. I like her but I can't make love to her."
"Tell me why?"
"I don't know why."
At this point I knew he was not being honest with me. I could sense he was holding something back that he did not want to reveal.
"So you like this girl, but you can't picture yourself making love to her. Right?"
"Yes."
"Well, there has to be a reason. Is there something about her that you find offensive?"
"No."
"Are you sure?" I mean, does she have body odor or something?"
"No, no...she's really pretty and everything. You know."
"I'm sorry but I don't know. You will have to explain it to me."
"There's nothing to explain."
"Come on Adam, you're not being truthful. What is it about her, or any woman for that matter, that prevents you from becoming sexually aroused?"
I saw the frustration in his eyes as he was forced to confront some terrible hidden secret about himself. In the next few moments he would either dismiss the whole issue or tell me the truth. Being that he had willingly volunteered for my experiment, I guessed he was willing to tell me what was wrong so that his dysfunction could be dealt with. He looked at me intently for a few moments and sighed heavily.
"Doctor Swensen, if I tell you the truth I don't want you to dislike me for it."
"I am not here to judge you Adam. I am here to help you," I said reassuringly.
"Well, you're going to think I'm strange, or maybe even a pervert, but I can't get turned on to girls that I know."
I was uncertain as to what to think of his admission. I had never heard of this type of mental aberration and did not want to make any snap judgments.
"Are you saying that you cannot feel sexual desire for any woman with whom you are familiar?"
"Yes. Am I crazy or what?"
"You're not crazy. Go on."
"That's it. If I know a girl, there's no desire."
"What do you mean by 'know'?"
"If I know her. You know, like if I know her name, where she lives..."
"Are you telling me that knowing a girl's name is enough to cause you to have no desire for her?""I guess so...yes."
I paused for a moment to think about this. I had never heard of this particular fetish but I had to bring it out into the open.
"Do you think you would feel desire if the girl was completely anonymous?"
He spoke up with renewed interest. "You mean if I knew nothing about her at all?"
"Yes. For instance, if you were sitting on a park bench somewhere late in the evening and a pretty girl approached you for sex—one whom you did not know—do you think you would feel desire for her?"
"I don't know. It's never happened to me."
"Try to imagine it. A strange woman wants to have sex with you. Would you be turned on?"
I didn't have to wait too long for his reply.
"Maybe...yeah, I think so."

It was a rather interesting exercise trying to comprehend his mind-set—one in which total anonymity of the female was the key to sexual fulfillment. He later confessed to me that at one time he did, indeed, have an encounter with a woman in a bar whom he did not know and who had been attracted to him. He recalled that at first meeting her he felt excited and wanted to touch her breasts. But as soon as she told him her name, he lost all interest and walked out of the club. At no time did he have an erection. Now, as he stood quietly in his white lab coat before an audience of strange women, I was going to force him to confront his fetish, and in doing so, hopefully put him on the right course to normal sexual relations.
Lynette removed his lab coat and uncovered a body that drew a collective sigh of admiration from the female onlookers—including myself. What stood before us was a vision of masculine beauty that could only have been fashioned by the hands of the gods. He was not tall, maybe 5' 5" or 5' 6" at best, but his body was perfectly proportioned and the lightly bronzed skin was flawless, with only the slightest hint of tiny blonde hairs on his chest and legs. The delicate and refined features of his face hinted at the feminine, but the illusion was quickly dispelled by the chiseled jaw and deep-set green eyes that sparkled with an almost preternatural intensity as he gazed upon the faces of the anonymous women. It was as if we had been given a special privilege, bestowed upon us by some Renaissance master, to behold this perfect symbol of the artist's creation. As I gazed at the magnificent vision before me, I was reminded of Michelangelo's "David," and felt for a moment that I was standing in a museum rather than in a laboratory.
Recovering from my reverie, I noticed that about thirty women were standing next to Rebecca.
"Okay," I said to the volunteers. "First I want to thank you for volunteering. However, I will need only three of you for this experiment."
There was a general expression of disappointment.
"I'm sorry, but we don't want to overwhelm the man now do we?"
I had no preset criteria for my selection; I simply chose the women who, to me, evoked a smoldering sexuality and possessed a kind of liaise faire attitude about themselves. Knowing Adam as I did, the more innately sexual and anonymous the woman, the greater his likelihood of getting an erection and possible orgasm.
Of the three women I chose, one was a beautiful black woman about 40 years old, one was a pretty blonde of about 20, and the other an attractive brunette who looked about 25. After warning them once more not to reveal any of their personal information to the subject, I had Lynette set up three chairs at the foot of the stage and asked the three women to sit down. I then had Cheryl escort Adam to where the women were sitting and told him to lay down on his back straddling all three of their laps. At first he looked at me questioningly, but I smiled at him reassuringly just before the grasping hands of the three women pulled him down on top of them.
Adam's head lay in the lap of the black woman, his midsection supported by the blonde woman's lap while his legs rested over the knees of the brunette. The black woman tucked her arm under his neck and raised his face closer to hers. She began by kissing his forehead, then his eyes, nose, and cheeks until she at last placed her lips over his and gave him a long, passionate kiss that made his whole body shudder. Compelled by her unexpected but welcome effort, Adam put one of his hands behind her neck, forcing her downward onto his eager mouth. They remained in this position for several minutes; their lips sealed tightly together, both unwilling to break the connection.
All during this time the audience was completely silent, and not one word had been spoken by either Adam or the participants. The blonde and brunette rubbed his body with long, slow, sensuous movements, their hands caressing and kneading the pristine flesh much as a professional masseuse might do, relishing the tactile pleasure they were experiencing. Intermittently, both women would lower their heads to his body and place light kisses upon it or run their tongues up and down over the delectable flesh, teasing him with their relentless ministrations.
So far, none of the women had touched his genitals, and I was glad they hadn't because it wasn't long before Adam's penis began to respond on its own. The blonde was the first to notice its upward ascent and drew the brunette's attention to it. The two women smiled at each other and gently rubbed their hands through his pubic hair and then over his balls, which were now beginning to swell right before their very eyes. The blonde tapped the black woman's arm causing her to take her lips off Adam's mouth long enough for her to enjoy the sight of his 8-inch cock now sticking straight up into the air.
Without saying a word, the black woman put both her arms around the boy, pulling him closer to her breast, as if she were caressing a baby. Adam responded by rubbing his face into her cleavage, licking the sensitive canyon between her breasts, desperately searching for the soft mounds of flesh only inches from his face. Sensing his urgency, she undid the buttons on her blouse and exposed one of her lovely breasts to him, which he immediately took into his mouth. He sucked on her nipple like a hungry infant, a low, grateful moan escaping from his mouth at intervals.
I was so aroused at this erotic sight, taking place not more that a few feet from where I was standing, that I immediately became aroused. As a result, I was forced to turn my head away from them in order to regain some sense of equilibrium. This was difficult to do because no matter where I looked, all I saw was a host of lustful faces, some of which were already in the throes of orgasm. They were quiet enough about it, but I saw several women with their hands between their legs, furiously pumping away and shuddering in ecstasy. Even Lynette, who normally had no problem retaining her composure under the most trying circumstances, fell under Adam's spell. All during the test, she had progressively inched her way closer to the action, and now stood so close to him that she could reach out and touch him. She watched intently as he sucked passionately on the other woman's breast, and she looked at me with an air of entreaty in her eyes. I knew what she wanted, and as she and Adam had never been introduced, I motioned for her to indulge herself.
Lynette had a face one might call 'cute' rather than beautiful, but I knew her oral skills to be nothing short of sublime, and just as soon as her knees touched the floor, her lovely mouth took Adam's swollen prick deep into her throat, enveloping it in one deft motion. The boy gave out a cry that was quickly stifled as the other black woman thrust her tongue deep into his throat. While the brunette kneaded his balls, the blonde grabbed his cock by the base and started masturbating him in and out of Lynette's mouth. Lynette sucked on the stiff cock as if it were a lollipop, running her tongue up and down its entire length and then fellating the tasty slab of meat until her lips met up with the blonde's fast stroking hand.
Suddenly, Adam pulled his mouth away and cried out in anguish like that of a wounded animal. He watched in complete amazement as he saw Lynette deliver the final victory blows to his now out of control prick. Her head bobbed up and down so fast that the blonde had to remove her hand as the boy's climax approached. Lynette then grabbed his penis with both hands and jacked him wildly as her lips clamped down around the tip of his shaft. I saw her throat muscles contract as the sperm shot out of his cock in violent spasms, forcing Lynette to swallow quickly.
For a few seconds she held her mouth over the spurting prick only to pull away when she began to gag. Now freed from Lynette's mouth, Adam's cock continued to ejaculate, sending cloudy ropes of cum shooting high into the air above their heads. The blonde immediately went down on him as Lynette continued to stroke his rigid pole, receiving several shots of hot cream in her mouth. She swallowed what she could until the overflow began to drip down her chin, forcing to pull her head away even as another thick blast sailed into the air. The brunette quickly took her place, swallowing six complete loads before removing her lips to receive a final anointment of lust across her face.
What finally broke my concentration was the sound of a single pair of hands clapping, soon followed by a gradual swelling of applause that swept over me like the tumultuous roar of a tidal wave crashing into the shore. As I stood there awash in the midst of this unbridled adulation, I watched as Lynette and the other women helped the dazed and fatigued boy to his feet, treating him as if he were some rare jewel that they were reluctant to have escape from their grasp. Several of the women in the audience approached Adam, admiring him, touching him, feeling themselves blessed to be in the presence of a god. Lynette helped him to put on his robe amidst a host of protestations, defending the young man from the overeager hands of the women who refused to let him go. Finally, it was Rebecca who had the presence of mind to call matters to order.
"Ladies, ladies, please return to your seats," she shouted into the microphone. "The final stage of the experiment is about to begin. Please return to your seats immediately!"
Within several minutes, all the women, including those who had volunteered, had returned to their seats. Lynette's uniform was once again stained with cum, but this time she was in no rush to change clothes. She thanked me for allowing her to participate and then returned to her duties. As Maria and Cheryl escorted Adam out, he turned to me, his face radiant with gratitude.
"Thank you, Dr. Swensen. Thank you...thank you..." he kept repeating, overcome with emotion.
"You're going to be fine, Adam," I said cheerfully. "Just fine."
"It was so wonderful, so wonderful," he said smiling.
I watched as they led the happy but exhausted boy out of the lab. With this last experiment, I finally had my validation. With some refinements, EJAX-472 would soon earn me the Nobel Prize in Medicine.
"What are you thinking about Christiana?" Rebecca said.
"Oh," I replied, startled. "I didn't see you approach."
"That was the most beautiful thing I ever saw. I almost came from watching him."
"It was wonderful wasn't it?"
Rebecca put her hand on my shoulder. "No, you're wonderful. You made that boy experience his first orgasm."
"With the help of EJAX-472 and a little psychoanalysis. Are we ready for the next subject?"
"All set."
"Okay. Let's get to it."
The last subject in the experiment was Barney Cole, a hulking 6' 5" black man with the most cheerful personality I had ever encountered. His natural, easygoing persona seemed invulnerable to pessimism. He was a good-looking man, with sensitive brown eyes that scrunched up every time he laughed. His wife, Janine, on the other hand, was a jaded, blunt, in-your-face kind of woman who seemed to enjoy criticizing her husband every chance she got. She was slightly overweight but rather attractive, her petite 5' 2" frame creating a striking counterpoint to her husband's superior stature. Taken together, they represented the yin and yang of personality types.
Barney, or "Big Barney" as his friends called him, was the kind of person who could laugh at the drop of a hat. While he was at the Clinic, I noticed that everyone whom he came into contact with seemed happier somehow. It was as if he possessed some special kind of magic that allowed him to peer into people's souls so that he could discover what was wrong and then help them alleviate their burdens. Everyone loved him and everyone wanted to be in his company because he made everyone feel important and special. I, myself, had been swayed by his irrepressible charm and warmth, which radiated out from him like sparks of energy from an electric wheel. It was a pity that his cheerful disposition had absolutely no influence on his morose wife who, with her frequent snide remarks, remained a constant thorn in my professional side. It was she who had downplayed the whole experiment from the start; deriding her husband for taking part in an experiment she euphemistically called a "jerkoff contest." What he found to love about her was a mystery to me, but I acted kindly to her in deference to him.
Lynette led Barney out onto the platform and removed his lab coat. We all gasped as he stood there naked before us, his powerful, muscular body and ripped abdomen conveying images of a Mr. America contestant. But the biggest surprise was his penis, which hung halfway down to his knees in its flaccid state. I'm not sure that I, or any woman present, had ever seen anything like it. The corona alone had to be three inches in circumference and the shaft itself was thick and veiny. He turned around for the ladies as he might have done on the runway of a beauty pageant, showing off his tight buttocks and sculpted thighs, and was greeted with howls and applause. I knew it wouldn't be long before he would have the ladies eating out of his hand. I noticed that his wife had not accompanied him onto the platform, preferring to sit in the audience instead. Why she did this, I could not understand.
"Our last test subject is a 34 year old male who suffers from poor ejaculation. The subject reports that up until a year ago, he was able to have normal orgasms accompanied by streaming ejaculate. But now states that his semen merely—as he puts it—"dribbles" out" with little or no pleasurable sensation. His physician has found nothing wrong with his reproductive system and attributes the problem as being coincidental with the subject's age. I have refuted this diagnosis because the subject is far too young and in good health to not experience an energetic ejaculatory response. My own conclusion, after having carefully examined the subject's genitals using ultrasound, is that the vesicles in his urethra have atrophied slightly due to a recent bout with influenza. For some reason I have not been able to determine, the virus had a constricting effect on the urethral walls, thus making urination painful and ejaculation of semen negligible. The subject has been taking oral doses of EJAX-472 for the past two weeks and recent examination of the urethra has shown a marked improvement in urethral wall density and circumference. In fact, the subject's entire reproductive system seems to have been enhanced by use of the drug."
Barney, displaying his obvious pleasure at hearing this news, struck a bodybuilding contest pose by raising his arms above his head and flexing his biceps. The women showed their appreciation by whistling and shouting sexual slurs.
"Some of you may be aware of a method of masturbation called 'milking'. This refers to masturbating the penis at intervals in order to create a buildup of pressure in the testicles, thus producing a more forceful ejaculation. The subject has been repeatedly masturbated for the past six hours using this technique, which I have employed to act as a supplemental aid. The purpose for this experiment is to measure the trajectory and distance of the subject's ejaculation."
Lynette guided Barney downstage center and had him face the audience. The platform was approximately 20 feet wide and the plastic sheeting covering it was marked at every 1-foot interval so that ejaculation distance could be measured. I saw him joking with Lynette and she responded by tickling his stomach, telling him that he was "the man". She then put on the restraining cuffs and locked them in place behind his back. Rebecca, Maria, and Cheryl stood in close proximity to him, taking notes, photographs, and otherwise conversing with the jovial giant. When Lynette was finished, Rebecca approached me.
"Did you get a good look at that cock of his?" she said, wild-eyed. "It's fucking huge!"
"I know," I replied. "It is big."
"Big? It's almost as long as my arm! Can you imagine when he gets a hard-on? It'll be like masturbating a baseball bat!"
"Are you up to it?"
She looked somewhat dubious. "I'm going to give it a try, but you'd better have a few people in reserve."
"Rebecca, you're the best we have. If you can't get him off, I doubt anyone else can.""It's not that Christiana. I just don't think my hands are going to hold out."
I then got an idea. Rebecca saw me smile and asked me to tell her what I was thinking.
"Okay, come on," she said, expectantly.
"You start him off. I'm going to call my sister Bonnie up here to take over from you if you get tired. She may not be as good as you, but she's the next best thing."
"You think she'll do it?"
"Are you kidding? She lives for moments like this."
As Rebecca returned to her station, I called Bonnie up onto the platform and told her what I expected of her. She couldn't contain her excitement.
"This is going to be so much fun, "she exclaimed. "I'll bet he shoots his stuff to the other side of the room!"
"The way he's been milked all day, I wouldn't be surprised. You go and stand next to Rebecca. If she gets tired, I want you to take over. Do whatever you have to do, just get him to cum."
"Remember, these are magic hands," she said waving her fingers in front of my face. "I won't let you down, sis."
I thanked her for her help and watched as she took her place next to Rebecca. Maria and Cheryl stood to Barney's right, casually observing Rebecca's first tentative efforts at stimulating his giant prick.
"Do you like this Big Barney?" she said as she brought her fist up underneath Barney's cock forcing it to bounce up and down on her hand.
"Feels nice," he replied with eyes closed.
"No, open your eyes," she insisted. "Look at what I'm doing to you."
Barney looked down to see his cock being covered with a thick layer of white lotion. The coolness of the liquid made him shiver.
"I'm sorry," she said. "Would you prefer I rub it on my hands first?"
"If you don't mind."
"I don't mind Big Barney," she cooed. "My God, you have such a long dick."
Having said that, Rebecca grasped his penis hard and ran her hand up and down the length of it several times in rapid succession.
"Ooo, that feels real good," Barney responded.
"Does your wife ever jerk you off?"
"She don't like it too much."
"That's a pity. I love giving handjobs."
"Umm..." was all Barney managed to reply.
Bonnie looked on beguiled. I could tell she was dying to wrap her hands around Barney's tool. Like Rebecca, she was a practiced masturbator, and I think she recognized the same unique ability in the blonde woman. A look of genuine appreciation came over her face as she watched Rebecca's adroit manipulation of the outsized organ. Rebecca had tried several different methods of masturbating him. Sometimes she would use only one hand, sometimes two. Sometimes she would suck his balls only, letting his prick bounce freely against her cheek. Often, she would stop for a few seconds and step back to see the results of her progress, but not once did she ever take her hands from his body.
Finally her efforts began to pay off. The huge penis began its inevitable ascent upwards, expanding in length and girth with each stroke of her hand. All of us watched in fascination as her pumping hands brought his cock to full stature—an impressive fifteen inches from base to tip.
"Hey, everybody," she said in a loud voice. "What do you think of this?"
Rebecca waved Barney's now fully erect cock from side to side and the audience went wild.
It was an incredible sight. I had never seen a cock the size of the one Rebecca was now displaying for the amusement of the crowd. It was so thick that she couldn't fit her hand around it, yet she masterfully stroked it to full erection and showed no sign of tiring.
"Hey Big Barney," Rebecca said, giving his cock two quick strokes and a long pull, "would you like the other girls to join in?"
There was a look of ecstasy on Barney's face as he replied. "Yeah, baby."
Picking up his cue, Rebecca asked Maria to get her dildo ready.
"Would you mind if Maria sticks her dildo up your ass, Barney?"
"She can do anything she wants," he said as if drugged.
Rebecca laughed. "Okay big boy. She's going to lube up your asshole and then insert the dildo. I think you're going to like it."
Maria withdrew a small dildo from her pocket and put some lube on the head of it. She began by rubbing her hands over Barney's ass until she located his butt hole and slowly inserted the plastic piece inside of him. He let out a moan of pleasure as Maria worked the dildo in and out of his ass.
"Oh, that feels great," Barney said.
"Good," Rebecca replied. "Now we're going to have Cheryl rub your big balls around in her hand. How would you like that?"
"Just fine, just fine," he said dreamily.
Standing opposite Rebecca, Cheryl reached over and cupped Barney's testicles in the palm of her hand and squeezed gently. "Jesus," the girl remarked, "they're so heavy!"
"Probably all filled up with sperm, right Barney?" Rebecca asked.
"Yeah," he replied softly.
The three women worked on him for several minutes until Rebecca broke the silence.
"Boy you're really getting stiff now," she said. "Look at yourself!"
Barney looked down at his penis. It was massive: a living, black monstrosity that, because of its weight, could only raise itself parallel to the floor. Rebecca continued to stroke his cock with a slow, rhythmical cadence, trying to pace herself for when she would have to call upon all her strength to bring him off in the final moments.
"You have beautiful hands," he said to her.
"Thank you Barney, " she replied, never missing a stroke.
"Your nails are beautiful too. I like that nice pink color. So damn sexy."
"I put it on just for you," she said with a mischievous smile.
Sensing that Barney was enjoying this banter, Rebecca decided to indulge him by asking Bonnie to join in the conversation.
"So, Bonnie," Rebecca said. "What do you think of this fine penis?"
"It's fucking big," she replied bluntly.
"Really fucking big," Rebecca agreed. "Tell us Barney, how many times a day do you jerk off?"
"Two, sometimes three times a day."
"Really? How come you do it so much?"
"'Cause my wife don't give it up enough."
"What's wrong with her?" Rebecca said, feigning annoyance. "Any woman would be thrilled to sit on this big fuck stick."
Bonnie agreed. "I'd like to fuck you right now, you big, beautiful, black son of a bitch."
Barney let out a big laugh. "I do like your style girl!"
"How do you like this Barney?" Rebecca said with a grin, as she jerked her hand up and down his penis with lightning quick bursts.
"Oh, shit! That's great!"
Even without direct amplification, the acoustics in the lab were superb, and every sound coming from the stage was completely audible. Being able to view Barney's sensuous masturbation was erotic enough, but to able to hear every bit of lustful dialogue was an added treat to the crowd of women anxiously awaiting the culmination of all this sexual activity.
I could see that Bonnie was becoming impatient to get her hands on Barney. Rebecca must have noticed this too, because she let go of his prick, allowing it to swing to and fro on its own while she put more lotion on her hands.
"Wanna help me?" she asked Bonnie.
Bonnie nodded and held out her hands to Rebecca, who squeezed a giant dollop of hand cream in Bonnie's palms.
"How are you doing, Maria?" Rebecca asked.
"He's loving it," she replied as she rhythmically plied the dildo in and out of his ass.
Cheryl, who was now tugging on his sac by pulling the taut skin straight down and then releasing it, suddenly said, "You should see this."
All the women stared at Barney's testicles at once. What had previously appeared to be a large, but rather normal-sized scrotum, had now doubled in size as a result of their handiwork.
"Oh my!" Rebecca said to Barney, "do you know how big your balls are?"
"It looks like they're gonna burst!" shouted a woman from the audience. Everyone laughed. I couldn't be sure, but I thought it was Michelle.
"Well, we're going to have to do something about this, don't you think Bonnie?"
"Absolutely," my sister said, eager to participate.
"Anytime you're ready," Rebecca said.
Bonnie wasted no time in wrapping both her hands around Barney's cock just above Rebecca's stroking hands. Together they masturbated him in unison: four lovely hands traversing the entire length of his cock in one fluid, synchronized movement. I couldn't take my eyes off them. Up and down, up and down they went, their hands like two well-oiled pistons, pulling and tugging with incessant determination on the ridiculously cum-swollen shaft. I looked at Maria and Cheryl, who were both totally absorbed in their tasks, the two girls working in tandem with Rebecca and Bonnie as if possessed of one mind and one will.
A nervous anticipation filled the air, as though something greater than what we had witnessed previously was soon to commence. It wasn't something I could explain logically. It was more of an intuition or a premonition of something wonderful about to happen. As I watched the four women using their feminine talents to arouse the handsome, black Hercules, I found myself finally giving in to my desire. I didn't mean for it to happen, nor did I want it to happen, but it did. Along with the pleasure I was deriving from seeing the women's combined efforts in bringing Barney to orgasm, I began to picture myself holding his huge cock in my hands, knowing that with each successive stroke I, too, could partake in this sexual victory. As a result, I moved my body ever so closer to him until I heard a multitude of voices rise up behind me all screaming the same thing. "Jerk it! Jerk it!"
At that moment I saw Barney's body go completely rigid, his powerful frame frozen like an ancient Olympic athlete in bas-relief. Only his eyes followed my movements, and I had a feeling he knew what was about to happen. Seeing me come closer to him, he stuck his tongue out at me suggestively, his chest rising and falling in tempo with the relentless attack on his cock. Rebecca paid me no attention. All her concentration was devoted to the task at hand and she was giving it everything she had. It was Bonnie who noticed the look of desire on my face and quickly reached out for my hand.
"Do it sis, come on, do it!"
Against my better judgment, I allowed her to take my hands and put them on Barney's cock. Any misgivings I had quickly melted away as I watched my hands join theirs in Barney's mutual masturbation. It was an exhilarating feeling watching three sets of hands working his massive, black tool. Cheryl and Maria both expressed complete surprise at my unexpected action, but said nothing, preferring instead to watch my hands fly up and down the huge prick that was now almost ready to erupt.
The response from the women in the audience to my participation in the experiment was overwhelming. They seemed to be chanting all at once now—a deafening roar of female voices all insisting that we bring this man to orgasm. Barney looked at me with a face bathed in the glow of pure ecstasy. I followed his gaze as his eyes focused on the audience, and I saw his wife standing near the front row of seats chanting right along with the rest of the women. Caught up in the vivid spectacle of seeing her husband being masturbated by five women proved too much for her. All she could do was stand and scream right along with the rest of the audience as she urged him to let himself go. It was the first time I had seen the woman show any real passion.
I looked down at Barney's balls and was astonished at how engorged they had become. I put my other hand under his sac and could actually feel the onrush of sperm—the first telltale signs of impending orgasm.
"Oh yes!" Rebecca screamed. "Oh, yes! Yes! Yes!"
Bonnie and I were forced to increase our tempo, as Rebecca's hands flew over his climaxing cock.
"Oh Christ!" Barney shouted. "I think I'm gonna fuckin' cum!"
He barely had time to get the words out when he fired off one unbelievably long rope of sperm that flew out over the platform, cleared the edge of the stage, and landed far back into the middle row of seats. I actually saw the pearly blast miss his wife's face by inches—her response was an astonished "Sweet Jesus!" as the gooey ejaculate splashed into the spectators behind her. The entire audience had jumped up from their chairs at having witnessed the incredible cumshot, and suddenly the place erupted with tumultuous applause. I, myself, was so awestruck at seeing how far his sperm had traveled that I absent-mindedly took my hand away from his cock. Bonnie and Rebecca, being the skilled professionals they were, paid no attention to my hands' absence, and continued to expertly finish him off.
The cum spurted from his cock in torrents, huge creamy waves of sperm shooting so high into the air that the lighting fixtures above our heads were dripping with white paste. We watched as several shots traversed the periphery of the stage, ending up decorating legs, hair, pocketbooks, and whatever else was in its way, with a thick coating of sperm. Bonnie and Rebecca continued to masturbate him, reacting with shouts of laughter and disbelief at the amount of cum they were coaxing out of his huge prick. Suddenly, Rebecca looked at Bonnie and winked. I recognized that evil glint in her eye and I knew she was going to do something wild. Sure enough, moments later I watched as she quickly stuck one of her hands in front of Barney's prick and held it there.
"Hey Barney, watch this!"
He looked down just in time to watch spurt after spurt of creamy ejaculate splash into Rebecca's hand. She laughed hysterically after each burst, turning her hand around to allow the sperm to coat her fingers and palm, and watched with glee as the goo dripped from her hand in huge globs. She was behaving like a woman possessed. Bonnie, not one to be outdone, quickly moved her own hands next to Rebecca's and watched as Barney's incredible cock shot out load after load of cum, decorating her hand like he was frosting a cake. Cheryl and Maria were overtaken with laughter as they watched Bonnie and Rebecca join their hands together and then pull them apart, marveling at the sticky stands of cum that clung stubbornly to their fingers, playing with each successive load as if it were glue.
"We're getting soaked!" Bonnie screeched between blasts.
Rebecca was laughing so hard that she couldn't even reply. Taking her hand that had just been covered in cum, she placed it on Barney's cock and used the fresh sperm as lubricating fluid to coax even more ejaculations out of him. The expression on Bonnie's face at seeing Rebecca's little stunt was priceless. She actually stopped masturbating Barney to admire Rebecca's marvelous handiwork, leaning back on her heels to watch in utter fascination as Rebecca's beautifully manicured hands relentlessly forced the cum from his cock. It seemed that with every upstroke, Barney would ejaculate, causing Rebecca to pull on him increasingly harder each time her hands moved from base to tip. The other girls looked on in rapturous disbelief at the seemingly endless series of climaxes that had reduced the stage to a veritable ocean of sperm. One errant ejaculation even hit one of the camera women who had misjudged her distance and came in too close to the monstrous, out of control penis.
Then Bonnie did something that made Rebecca and the girls squeal. She lowered her mouth onto Rebecca's cum-covered hands and started licking the sperm off her fingers, even taking two of her fingers in her mouth, to Rebecca's great astonishment. She then stuck her tongue out in front of the spurting cock, letting the creamy jets fly one after another into her open mouth, the cum splashing against her teeth and lips, and finally dribbling down her chin in huge globs onto the floor below. Knowing she wasn't fond of the taste of sperm, I wondered why she did this. But the look on her face expressed such absolute bliss that I could only surmise that she was driven to do what she did out of reckless abandon and pure unadulterated lust. Whatever the reason was, I just stood there as if hypnotized, completely enthralled by the unbelievable sight.
Finally, after Rebecca's hands had extracted several more sticky strings of cum out of him, Barney's great prick was finally and utterly drained. Lynette and her assistants quickly grabbed the weakened black man and helped him off the stage to a deafening roar of applause. Rebecca, Bonnie, and the girls acknowledged the audience and then followed suit, quickly disappearing into the adjoining room, their hands and clothing all saturated with sperm. I was left alone on the stage amidst an audience of women who could do nothing but shout the praises of Christiana Swensen and her miracle drug.
After several minutes went by, I finally managed to calm the audience down enough to make my closing speech. By that time, Bonnie, Rebecca, Maria, and Cheryl had joined me on the stage, their clothes still bearing traces of Barney's creamy emissions.
"Thank you, ladies, thank you. For the past seven years I have worked long and hard to make the dream of EJAX-472 a reality. Judging by what we have witnessed here today, I think it is safe to say that the drug has surpassed everyone's expectations, including my own. There are still more tests to be done, more refinements to be made, but the efficacy of the drug cannot be denied. You have seen this for yourself. At this time I would like to thank all the test subjects for their participation. I think they all put on a fine performance, didn't they?" The crowd applauded enthusiastically. "I would also like to thank all the women in the audience who graciously volunteered to participate in this experiment—I owe all of you a debt of gratitude. I would especially like to thank my staff for their tireless efforts and good will in making this experiment a success. And last but not least, I would like to thank my sister, Bonnie, who showed me how to give a good handjob!"
The entire crowd erupted with laughter at my unexpected remark.
"Not so quick on that upstroke, sis," Bonnie said into the microphone.
The audience laughed even harder this time. Bonnie, Rebecca, Maria, and Cheryl smiled radiantly as the joke sank in. They began to congratulate me, each in turn, even as the applause began to ebb.
"Just to let you know," I said to the audience, " a follow-up study will be conducted several months from now to see how the test subjects are responding. The results of the study will be made available soon thereafter. The videotape of today's experiment will also be made available in about a week if anyone is interested."
Another round of cheers greeted me.
"Thank you all once again for helping to make EJAX-472 a success. Good-day!"
I felt a sense of overpowering elation as the entire audience stood up to applaud me. Even after I, and my sister and staff, had left the stage and were weaving our way through the maze of corridors, the applause followed, a wonderful reminder of our victory. As we made our way to my office, I thought of the six men whose lives had been changed today as a result of my drug. Even Luis, the arrogant little jerk who tried to ruin my experiment, would now face a future where he would no longer have to live in fear of his sexuality. I don't know if he appreciated, or even cared, that I had helped him. It didn't matter. He had helped me to prove my theory, and my theory was correct.
The five of us finally assembled in my office where a bottle of chilled champagne lay waiting on the desk. I hurriedly opened the bottle and poured out the beverage into five glasses and passed them around. After we toasted our newfound success, we managed to finally calm down a little and it was then that Bonnie asked me for a favor.
"Sis, do you think you could spare a little of your precious EJAX stuff for me?"
"Bonnie..." I said, trying to avoid the issue.
"Now sis, I helped you out. You have to return the favor."
"What on earth do you want with it?"
"It's for Philip. I want to give him some. Just a little dose, that's all."
I looked at her warily. "I don't know."
"Please," she begged. Just a little. One tablet can't hurt him. Come on, sis!"
"What harm can it do, Christiana?" Rebecca said. "Give it to her."
Maria and Cheryl agreed.
After what she had done for me today, I didn't have the heart to refuse her. One tablet could do no damage, and it might even provide her husband with a more potent orgasm, which I knew she wanted for him. I took one tablet from a bottle inside my purse and handed it to her.
"Oh, alright...but just one. Have him take it about 6 hours before you have sex. Then sit back and watch the fireworks."
"You'll be watching too," she said overjoyed. "As will all of you," she added, smiling mischievously at Rebecca and the two girls.
"What are you talking about?" I asked.
"It's my birthday next week, sis. And although Philip doesn't know it yet, he's going to be putting on quite a performance for all of us." She held the tiny tablet between her fingers, studying the volatile pink drug with interest. "Yup," a "gushing" performance!" she said, breaking out in a fit of laughter.
Once more I found myself playing right into Bonnie's decadent hands. But the girls just laughed, and soon I was laughing too. After all, it might prove interesting to see what effect the drug had on a normal man. And Philip was kind of cute.
"To my sister," Bonnie said, "and to EJAX-472!"
The girls raised their glasses to me in a toast. I was already looking forward to next week.
The first few days following the experiment, I decided to stay at home and enjoy some much needed rest, informing my staff that I was not to be disturbed under any circumstances until I called in. I was exhausted—both mentally and physically—and I needed time to rejuvenate myself far away from the Clinic and the events of the past few days. The only person I had talked to during that interim was my sister Bonnie. She had called me the day after the experiment complaining that she had lost the EJAX-472 pill I had given her. After much debate, I decided to give her another pill to replace the one she had lost. She drove to my house that very same day to claim her prize and reminded me not to be late for her birthday party, which was to be held at her estate in two days. Assuring her that I would be there, she kissed me and thanked me profusely for the potent little virility supplement I had dropped into her eager little hands.
I called my office only once to speak with Rebecca, but she had little to report other than that the videotape of the experiment had been edited and was now ready for viewing. I found it strange that there were no immediate repercussions from the resultant tests, so singular in nature, and could not imagine then that the misleading silence was only the calm before the storm: a storm that was to erupt with such volatility that it would turn the city of Stockholm into a hotbed of media frenzy and make the results of my test known throughout the world.
On the day of Bonnie's birthday I had taken a nap in mid-afternoon and didn't awaken until well past 4:00 PM. I quickly showered and dressed and drove to her house in a little over an hour. As I drove up the long, winding driveway of the estate, I noticed that there were so many cars that some of the overflow vehicles had to be parked on the lawn. And behind the house, only 50 yards from the south entrance, I noticed a helicopter had been parked on the expanse of lawn abutting a colonnade fence in the center of the surrounding garden. The insignia on the door suggested that it belonged to one of Sweden's high-ranking government officials.
From inside my car I could hear a raucous din emitting from within the confines of the palatial estate. I knew Bonnie had many friends, but judging by the amount of cars parked on her property, it seemed as if half of Stockholm's inhabitants were now being entertained by my flagrant sister. She had been known for throwing lavish parties, but the constant barrage of laughter and shouting told me that this particular event had to be one of her most outlandish.
An attendant parked my car on the lawn, and as I walked back to the front of the house my ears were greeted with immense howls of laughter that rose and swelled like waves pounding upon the shore. The sound was reminiscent of the hysterical reactions of the all-female audience that had so recently attended my experiment at the Clinic. I was curious to find out what the source of all this hysteria might be. Two male attendants standing on either side of the front door entrance asked me for my name. After checking their list, they opened the door and one of them escorted me into the foyer.
"They're all in the east wing, miss," he said.
"Thank you," I replied. "I know where it is."
I walked through the parlor and living room toward the source of the commotion, each step bring me closer to the incessant tumult. I found it odd that no one was to be seen in any of the rooms I passed through, but I judged that whatever source of entertainment Bonnie had chosen to inflict upon her unsuspecting guests had to be so spectacular in nature as to preclude anyone from leaving the east wing.
As I passed through the large dining hall, I saw several more attendants standing by the door leading into the wing. This part of the house was actually an immense, enclosed patio with walls that could be adjusted so that they could be removed entirely from their supporting foundations, allowing the entire eastern façade of the house to open out onto the surrounding lawn and gardens. The attendants were all standing in front of the French doors with their backs toward me, so my view of the room was almost completely obstructed. They seemed to be amazed at the sights they were witnessing from inside the room and didn't notice me until I was almost upon them. I tapped one of the men on the shoulder.
"Excuse me," I said, having to raise my voice over the noise.
An attractive man in his early twenties turned to face me. "Yes, miss?"
"I'm the birthday girl's sister. Would you mind?"
The attendant opened the door and I was instantly greeted with a deafening roar of laughter that actually hit me like a physical blow. As I walked into the room, I scanned the entire area and immediately noticed that everyone there was a woman. Not one man in sight! Women of all ages were sitting, standing, kneeling...assuming any position just so long as they could get an unobstructed view of what was being depicted on an enormous white screen on the far end of the room. From my vantage point, I could not entirely see the source of their amusement, and had to jockey my way through the rollicking crowd to get a glimpse of the entertainment.
End of Chapter 2