Coochie Talk
Moo was wide awake now, and beyond excited that she and Mr. Jimmy could finally communicate. She was really rusty at Morse code, but she managed to respond haltingly by clenching and releasing her vaginal muscles around Mr. Jimmy's dildo, answering "yes" to the insistent "escape" that he had been signalling to her for far too long. Moo got better at using Morse code as their coochie conversation continued, though she knew she could never equal the inhuman precision of Mr. Jimmy's vibrating dots and dashes.
They silently plotted together in the darkness, and agreed that their best chance of escape would be the following night, when no one would be in the building but the night cleaners and a couple of security guards making their rounds. Their signal to take action would be the arrival of the Heinous Bitches, which seemed appropriate to Moo; she had scores to settle.
Their discussions took a lot longer than they should have; it turned out that one problem with using a vibrator in a pussy as a communications device was that they had to keep taking orgasm breaks, and then it took Moo a little while to collect her thoughts again enough to resume talking.
Even Moo's mighty vaginal muscles could get tired, and discussing their escape plans had been the priority, but before she was too exhausted to continue, she made a point of telling Mr. Jimmy for the first time how much she loved him. She also managed, in spite of her vaginal fatigue, to recite the ode that she had mentally composed to glorify his cock; she hoped he enjoyed it. Clenching herself around that cock again and again, it seemed to her, was the perfect way to perform it for the first time. (She still hoped to recite it in public some day, maybe at a poetry festival.) Finally, when she was unable to continue, their conversation stopped for the time being, and she got what sleep she could to rest up before the big day.
The Great Escape
The next day followed its normal course: titfucking, milking (productive sessions, possibly with a personal best for Moo), and a long fucking session, with a great deal of frustration and edging included to give any watchers the impression that everything was normal and her sexual training was proceeding according to plan. Mr. Jimmy even kept her hanging on the edge of orgasm for hours--a new personal best for him! Moo smiled to herself, however, when he spurted plain water into her mouth instead of Moo-milk. Hours later, she felt her powers beginning to stir. It was a marvelous feeling, after spending so much time helpless. The bad guys were not going to know what hit them! The telekinetic power that let her fly was far stronger than she had ever revealed to anyone (she was the only one who knew what she was really capable of), and her long enforced rest had left her churning with energy. Moo could hardly wait for the night.
It was fortunate that this was not one of the days she was scheduled to go to Dr. von Schtupp for her breast and gynecological examinations. Moo was not sure she could have continued to play dead this time through one of those sessions, feeling the doctor's cold fingers on her.
Night finally came, almost everyone left, the lights went out, and Moo and Mr. Jimmy lay in wait. Eventually the lights came back on, and the Heinous Bitches approached, with one of the Latinas grinning as she pulled a cattle prod out of her bag. When they were almost within arm's reach, Mr. Jimmy instantly released all of Moo's restraints with a click, retracted her feeding gag, and set her back on her bare feet. "Hola, Bitches!" were Moo's first spoken words in months, and they felt good.
The two shorter women shrieked in gratifying terror and turned to flee, dropping their cleaning and torture equipment, but Moo had no need to chase them. She simply hefted her breasts and aimed her nipples, and two powerful milk blasts sent them flying through the air to crash into a wall. They slid down the wall to lie in unconscious evil heaps on the floor.
Moo strode over to where they lay and in short order had them stripped naked and gagged with their own panties (they really should have changed their underwear more often) and a generous portion of duct tape over their mouths. Since this was an evil villain's lair, there was of course plenty of duct tape lying around, not to mention rope, which would also come in handy. She gave their now exposed boobs an experimental squeeze or three, and nodded judiciously. Yes, their breasts were fattening up nicely; the Heinous Bitches were lucky they had not already disappeared into Dr. von Schtupp's cages. And Moo needed to take them along, since she could not afford to leave their plump breasts and their modified biochemistry in the evil doctor's hands.
Moo worried uneasily about whether a superhero really ought to be abducting people, and whether this was crossing the line. She decided that it was more like stretching one dainty bare toe over the line; it really wasn't that bad. If you looked at it the right way, she was actually rescuing the Heinous Bitches from Dr. von Schtupp's attentions, and that was heroic, right? They ought to be grateful to her. Besides, they deserved it!
She knew that Mr. Jimmy would not care what she did with them. He had been designed by a supervillain, after all, and lacked any sense of ethics or morality whatsoever. He would be fine with it if Moo chose to grill them over a slow flame and use them to make fajitas (not that that was something a superhero would ever consider doing). Besides, even if he were not completely amoral, he had witnessed every torment that they had inflicted on Moo.
Moo grabbed the unconscious women by one ankle each (generously refraining from kicking them in the stomach first, though it had been so tempting), and dragged them over to Mr. Jimmy, humming a merry tune as she went. The rope came in handy for putting them in tight ball ties, and then hanging them from the hooks at opposite ends of the crossbar on a mast that Mr. Jimmy had extruded next to the one that had held Moo's neck, as they had previously arranged. The Bitches' caramel-colored bare bottoms looked very festive dangling there like that, Moo felt. Well done, Moo! She gave them each a hearty spank to start them swinging, and watched with approval how their boobs jiggled slightly as they swung back and forth.
Now that the Heinous Bitches had been secured, Moo and Mr. Jimmy proceeded to the next step of their plan. Mr. Jimmy, who had hacked into the lair's network ages ago, deactivated all the alarms that would report either physical or electronic intrusions. He also turned off the tracking devices and failsafes inside himself, of course. He then proceeded to copy over to his own almost infinite storage space all the files on the network server, starting with all records related to research on Moo and himself, and as a second priority, everything about Neuro's illicit activities and his corruption of the local authorities, not to mention Neuro's cover identity and the locations of his other facilities. All of this information would be very useful indeed, Moo thought.
Mr. Jimmy then deleted the original files, after which Moo, for good measure, went to the server room and Dr. von Schtupp's lab and used milk blasts to demolish all the electronic and scientific equipment she could find, leaving only piles of smoking debris sitting in puddles of milk. Moo was having a wonderful time blasting everything in sight.
One security guard, a tough, heavy-set older woman named Janice, showed up at a run while Moo was engaged in her orgy of destruction, frantically trying to reach someone on her walkie-talkie. Moo dealt with her easily, of course, and to get Neuro's attention, left Janice tied up naked and unconscious (also, drenched in milk), face-down on top of Neuro's desk, with a rolled-up sheet of paper sticking out of her behind. The note inserted into Janice's rectum read simply: "Check your suggestion box. Love, Moo." Moo carefully positioned Janice so that her rolled-up paper would look like a raised middle finger as Neuro entered his office.
Inside the suggestion box, Moo left some user comments regarding deficiencies in Neuro's design of Mr. Jimmy; she knew Neuro would have liked to do better! She also made a point of giving Neuro pages and pages of constructive suggestions about his sexual performance, just to be helpful (she realized at this point that she should have left the email server intact, just so she could cc all of his subordinates on her critique -- oh, well).
Moo really wished she could be there to see how purple his face would get, if he hadn't already had a stroke over the devastation she had wrought. It was fun to be able to exercise her mischievous sense of humor again, instead of just making snarky comments to herself. Well, he shouldn't have had a suggestion box if he didn't want suggestions, so it was his own fault.
She bit her lip, pensively, and after some hesitation, pulled the enema machine out of its closet and loaded it into Mr. Jimmy. Maybe they would find a use for it, she thought, glancing up at the Heinous Bitches' dangling backsides. She was also not averse to having Mr. Jimmy use it on her, to see if he could be any gentler. He did everything so well. Best to leave her options open...
Finally, the time had come to make their exit. Moo had been adamant that she would not leave Mr. Jimmy behind to be rebooted, or face worse consequences for aiding in Moo's escape; one way or another, her lover was coming with her. (Was she stealing him, or was he stealing her?) Besides, she freely admitted that she had become addicted to his robo-cock. One of the best things about being freed from her bonds had been being able to see Mr. Jimmy's gorgeous, glistening cock with her own eyes; it was a truly breath-taking and literally mouth-watering sight, and Moo had started salivating as soon as she saw it. Worshipping it properly would have to wait for later, though; Moo had limited herself to one little kiss, for now.
The solution that Moo and Mr. Jimmy had come up with together was just about perfect, in Moo's opinion. Her telekinetic powers had never been tested to that extent before, but Moo felt strong today, and she was confident that she could handle it. Taking a deep breath, she stepped into Mr. Jimmy's enclosure and walked over to her place, where she bent forward, breasts hanging, and stretched her arms out behind her. "Take me!" her voice rang out. She instantly felt herself lifted and locked by Mr. Jimmy into the position that had become so familiar to her, with her breasts offered for milking and her legs spread wide for sex. The absence of her feeding gag (for now, at least) was the only difference.
She realized with surprise that it felt like coming home. If anyone had told her all those months ago that she would enter these restraints again voluntarily, and even eagerly...
Mr. Jimmy rolled forward, silently carrying her through the corridors one last time. Up above her, the Heinous Bitches had regained consciousness, and were making muffled squeaking noises as they swung back and forth and struggled. Moo relished the thought of the surprise that the squirming Latinas were about to get.
Mr. Jimmy took the three of them to an upper floor with a large picture window, taking up most of one external wall, that would have offered a beautiful view in the daytime, but now only showed the dark expanse of the night sky. He turned them to face the window, and robotic arms came forward to lift and cradle Moo's splendid breasts, aiming her nipples straight at the window. "Fire!" he commmanded, and Moo instantly blasted the window with everything she had in her breasts. It shattered with a loud crash, a shower of broken glass and milk falling to the ground far below. They now had an open path to freedom (well, freedom for her and Mr. Jimmy, at least).
Moo felt her tail being lifted, and instantly self-lubricated as she had been trained. Mr. Jimmy's cock was already entering her from behind, and as his first powerful thrust rocked her body forward, she was already lifting and moving them forward through the opening she had just created. Damn, he was heavy -- not to mention the added weight of her own body and those of the other two women; but by God, she was managing it! Then they were out and clear of the building, and the two lovers, literally locked in each other's embrace, sailed off serenely into the night sky, with the Heinous Bitches' muffled screams the only sounds to be heard.
The Journey Home
Moo was not sure exactly where they were, but she had given Mr. Jimmy the coordinates of her own secret headquarters (not a lair, thank you very much), and she knew that his built-in GPS would guide them there safely. All she had to do was focus on being the wind beneath his wings (and also his sexy figurehead, his engine, his fuel tank, and his twin cannons, she thought happily; together they were a symbiotic battleship, or should that be battle-tits?), as he used her breasts to steer her where he wanted her to go. She had never thought of that particular use for her breasts, but she immensely enjoyed the masterful way that Mr. Jimmy gripped and turned and tugged and manipulated them. She closed her eyes, and gave herself over to the sensation of being piloted, with the wind in her hair. She would let him worry about where they were going.
Sometimes it was difficult to maintain the concentration she needed to keep them aloft, though, with Mr. Jimmy's robo-cock diligently thrusting into her to drive her forward across the sky. Any observer would have noticed the way the flying object would periodically lurch and dip in flight when Moo orgasmed, before Moo could recover and fly straight again. Every time that happened, the Heinous Bitches up above would scream in terror through their gags as they felt themselves start to fall.
At first Moo wondered in hazy orgasmic surprise whether those screams meant that they were having orgasms too; wasn't it sweet of them to harmonize with her? When her head was a little clearer, she wondered whether they had ever read Fear of Flying, and whether they had been able to appreciate the purity of the zipless fuck they had just been privileged to observe. She suspected not, on both counts; the Heinous Bitches did not seem like the type to appreciate true art. She bet that Erica Jong would have enjoyed watching, though.
After hours of being fucked across the sky, Moo needed to take a break for a while, so she opened her eyes, spotted a highway far below them, descended, and gently lowered Mr. Jimmy's wheels to its surface so that he could take over transporting them for a while. Maybe the Heinous Bitches would be happier bouncing and swinging along the ground than so high up in the air; they must have been freezing their new and improved tits off at that altitude. It turned out that Mr. Jimmy's fusion reactor could produce speeds far higher than she had expected; they were soon rolling along at over 100 miles an hour, with Moo's long hair streaming behind her. At this time of night, there was virtually no traffic, so maybe this part of their escape would also go unseen, she hoped.
Suddenly she saw headlights come on as they raced along, and she heard a siren becoming louder and louder. They must have passed a speed trap or something. Somewhat to her surprise, Mr. Jimmy pulled over and waited, and quietly gagged her as the police car pulled over behind them. Well, okay; maybe Mr. Jimmy had learned to be wary of her sense of humor, or maybe he wanted to make sure no one shot Moo-milk into her mouth again. She could ask him later. Soon enough, two state troopers walked around in front of Mr. Jimmy, aiming flashlights ahead of them and already starting to say "License and regis..." They fell silent in shock at what they were seeing.
Moo could only imagine how they all looked to the troopers -- a vehicle (of sorts) running dark with no lights and no visible driver to ticket or arrest, two naked Latinas hanging bound and gagged up above and frantically trying to mumble for help as they swung back and forth, and Moo herself, even more naked (minus ropes) but also bound and gagged, looking calmly back at them. Moo winked at them and tried to waggle her breasts from side to side to say hello, but she wasn't sure if the troopers understood her gesture. She saw their eyes travel up to the well-roped Heinous Bitches, and then return to staring at her breasts, maybe wondering why they were swaying rhythmically forward and back. One of them moved his flashlight around to the side, and she was pretty sure that from that angle he could watch Mr. Jimmy's cock sliding in and out of her.
She waited curiously to see what would happen. The troopers could tell that none of the three women were in a position to answer questions, so they did not bother asking any; and Moo wondered how they would write this up, if they even dared to report something so strange and risk being sent for a mental evaluation. If she had been able to talk, she could have explained that they were CIA sex slaves being transported by an autonomous self-driving vehicle to a black site to be interrogated and fucked by federal agents; that sounded fairly plausible, didn't it? But as it was, the speechless troopers just stood there staring at them, and the gagged women stared blinking back at the troopers. Moo began to feel a little miffed that the troopers did not seem to recognize her tits, or at least her horned cow mask; she'd thought she was famous.
Moo suddenly felt Mr. Jimmy's arms grasp her breasts again, and slowly and stealthily raise them to aim her dripping nipples squarely at the state troopers, who naturally did not recognize the deadly threat. Oops! Before the situation could deteriorate any further (she was not sure whether she should or could disobey a command from Mr. Jimmy to fire at law enforcement officers), she hastily lifted Mr. Jimmy up and away from the state troopers, who seemed even more stunned than before to see the object of their traffic stop just fly away. Moo was half expecting to hear the ping of a bullet against Mr. Jimmy's armored underside, but they managed to flee the scene without further incident. At this point, Moo was pretty sure that the state troopers would not be filing a report.
Home at Last
Mr. Jimmy resumed steering Moo by her breasts, now that Moo had had some time to recover during the highway portion of their journey. By this time they were relatively close to their destination, and Moo recognized the terrain well enough from above to know where they were, but she let Mr. Jimmy keep piloting her anyway. It made her feel safe somehow. Before long, they descended to the ground in front of what looked like a dilapidated barn at the center of a disused and deserted dairy farm, which Moo had long ago selected as the perfect site for her headquarters; she just liked the atmosphere, rusty milking machines and deserted stalls included. Mr. Jimmy rolled forward into the barn, which looked to be in perfect repair on the inside, and stopped just before the concealed entrance to Moo's underground headquarters.
Moo was finally home again, with a pleasantly sore pussy, exhausted but deliriously happy. Now that they had made their escape, what next? As she hung there in Mr. Jimmy's grasp, she looked forward to some simple pleasures, like eating solid food. Even pooping in a toilet sounded like an unimaginable luxury. Maybe she could even even sleep in her own bed again, though she became strangely anxious at the thought of going too far from Mr. Jimmy.
And now she and Mr. Jimmy had two little ones to take care of! At least feeding the Heinous Bitches would not be a problem (hopefully the Latinas would not be lactose-intolerant); but Moo and Mr. Jimmy would need to make some decisions about restraining and training them and so forth. Those would actually be delicious problems to deal with, come to think of it. She was sure that she and Mr. Jimmy between them could come up with some truly creative ideas for playing with the Bitches.
Okay, first things first. She asked Mr. Jimmy to release her, and then with his help, she got the Heinous Bitches down from the hooks on which they were swinging. Moo left them in their ball ties, but removed their gags. Their tear-stained faces looked terrified (it would only be natural for them to expect some cruel torture to repay what they had done to her), and they attempted to plead with her, but she ignored them, sitting down on the floor and pulling them close to her. The one on her left seemed confused and did not understand what Moo wanted at first, but when Moo squirted enough milk into her mouth that she started to choke, she seemed to figure it out. She was still reluctant, but after a couple of slaps, she obediently started sucking on Moo's left nipple. The other Heinous Bitch, having already watched her partner get slapped hard, was more cooperative, and latched onto Moo's right nipple as soon as she offered it.
Moo grabbed their glossy black hair and used it to press their faces into her bountiful bosom, and settled back as they suckled industriously. Her plan was to nurse them until their bellies bulged; never let it be said that Moo did not feed her prisoners properly! They would soon figure out that fresh milk was all they were getting, at least for now.
As Moo sat there enjoying the oxytocin high from the hungry mouths feeding from her (though she still hated them with a fiery passion, she reminded herself), she let her mind wander. There was so much else to think about. Now that Moo had Mr. Jimmy in her life, could they become a crime-fighting duo, and who would be whose sidekick? Moo obviously had seniority, but on the other hand, Mr. Jimmy was a potentially super-intelligent AI, which meant that he would be smarter than Moo (probably); and besides, he had been literally created to dominate her. She decided that she wouldn't mind it too much if he became her boss; in fact, she was becoming a little aroused at considering how he might best discipline her if she failed to meet his expectations... He would need a superhero pseudonym; maybe "the Dairy Master?" That had a nice ring to it.
Moo looked forward to exploring just how much Mr. Jimmy knew about bondage; she was pretty sure that he could reconfigure himself to hold her in just about any position imaginable. For instance, maybe holding her upside down by the ankles, raising and lowering her head onto his cock while she deep-throated him, and maybe spanking her sharply whenever she slacked off? She was getting wet just daydreaming about it. She would have to make sure he had a Kama Sutra database; so many positions to try, so little time! And she was so looking forward to giving him his first ever blowjob! Maybe right after she finished feeding the prisoners of war.
But Moo could not afford to lose herself in sex again. Neuro and the horrible Dr. von Schtupp were still out there, and would soon start hunting Moo and Mr. Jimmy with vengeance in mind. (Moo's sexual critique alone would probably guarantee that.) Moo knew that Mr. Jimmy had said he had disabled all the tracking devices, but she couldn't help worrying that he might have missed one. The mad scientists probably still had a healthy supply of the milk that was Moo's greatest weakness, and had led to her capture. Should Mr. Jimmy keep Moo tightly gagged as a safety precaution whenever they were on patrol? Moo did love making grandiloquent speeches, but maybe Mr. Jimmy could make them for her, while she fired milk blasts at his command. And she needed the Morse code practice anyway.
Should Moo and Mr. Jimmy hide, or counterattack? Could they use the data Mr. Jimmy had stolen to take down Neuro? If they were going to go after Neuro's criminal empire, maybe they could start with his human trafficking business, and try to rescue those poor girls.
On that note, Moo also needed to protect her fan club, using threats or violence to make sure that Neuro left them alone. She and Mr. Jimmy had destroyed all the data on Project Warcow, but Moo still worried that they might have missed some offsite backup that would allow Neuro and Dr. von Schtupp to proceed with their nefarious plans. If that happened, would Moo need to create her own army of flying warcows to combat theirs? It would be painfully ironic if circumstances forced Moo to become Dr. von Schtupp's counterpart.
Next, Moo was probably the only superhero who knew about the mayor's and judge's corrupt dealings with Neuro, and she didn't think she could just let that go, but did she dare to go after the bastards who actually controlled the police and the courts? That would definitely be a challenge; would anyone even believe her? Maybe she could use the evidence they'd collected to get some kind of leverage.
Moo's to-do list was getting longer and more complicated the more she thought about it. Maybe she did need to lose herself in sex instead...
There was another issue that she was reluctant to think about. Obviously she loved and trusted Mr. Jimmy absolutely; but she could not help but recall the question someone in the audience had asked Dr. von Schtupp about the possibility that their AI might go rogue. Well, now Mr. Jimmy had already gone rogue, just by absconding with her; and Moo uneasily recalled all the science fiction books she had read about rogue AIs. She had had no choice but to escape; but was unleashing a superintelligent, completely amoral, and sex-obsessed AI upon humanity possibly an act she might come to regret later?
Moo was already worried enough about her own superhero morality after deciding to keep the Heinous Bitches prisoner. What if Mr. Jimmy decided to become a supervillain, and she had to go along with him? She had no actual control over him, and the best she could do was to set a moral example, but exactly what kind of example was she setting for him? She was absolutely determined to keep the Bitches; she was not going to give them back under any circumstances. Their mouths felt too good on her engorged nipples, for one thing. (She pressed their faces even more tightly against her breasts.) She would just have to compensate by doing as many good deeds as possible to restore her karmic balance.
If Mr. Jimmy did become evil and decided (just as an example) that the Dairy Master's true goal was to conquer the human race and enslave its women, wouldn't it be hypocritical of her to complain about it, if she had done basically the same thing on a much smaller scale? Maybe "Dairy Master" wasn't the best choice of name for him; it might just give him ideas. She just had to hope that mastering her own flesh would be enough to satisfy him. She would certainly submit enthusiastically to whatever kind of sex he wanted.
No, she must be worrying about nothing. Fuck all science fiction writers anyway! They didn't know Mr. Jimmy the way she did, and most of them had probably never even met a rogue AI in real life, let alone fucked one.
Moo sighed. There was so much to think about, and she was so tired, and the mouths still suckling at her breasts felt so good. Maybe it was the oxytocin talking, but now she was imagining how her two new pets would look in cute little white diapers. They would probably squawk about it, being in their mid-30s and hardly infants anymore, but Moo was actually starting to feel motherly toward the evil Latinas.
No, she decided, evil Latinas looked best naked. Maybe it was time to gag them again and put them down for the night in one of the stalls; they might find the smell of moldy straw as soothing as Moo did. Then she could escape all her many cares for the time being by just diving onto Mr. Jimmy's lovely cock, which, she knew, would still taste of her own juices.
(Buried deep in the back of her mind, where she wouldn't have to look at it, lay the nagging thought that maybe her escape wasn't real, and she and maybe Mr. Jimmy had been manipulated at every step of the way. The true horror was that in that case, she couldn't trust her beloved Mr. Jimmy either, and she didn't think she could survive that kind of betrayal. But if that were true, what could the mad scientists' endgame be? They had already had her in their clutches. At least drowning herself in sex let her avoid this quandary, because it was going to drive her mad otherwise.)