Author's note(IMPORTANT):
This is a story set in modern times anddoes not include any supernatural/fantastic element. Rather, technology available nowadays (basically what's in your phone) is used to create the illusion of a supernatural power, for the benefit of the main character. How exactly this is achieved will become clear as the plot unfolds.
SUMMARY:
She learned to love her own body through his eyes, while every aspect of her life is invisibly controlled by her lover, whose uncanny intuition and perversion earned him the name "demon".
Now, she wants to help her friend find the same happiness and peace in submission she has attained, finding out instead that everything must change, no matter how perfect it looks.
RELEASE:
This work has already been completed and will be released in 4 parts, roughly once a week, to allow me to do some polishing based on the readers' feedback.
DISCLAIMER:
English is not my first language, so any comment on grammar and spelling isverywelcome.
Don't continue if not comfortable with the following:
1) This story is slightly blasphemous.
2) Rough, straight and lesbian sex and a smidgen of erotic horror.
3) One of the dominants is anatomically a woman, but identify themselves as non-binary.
4) The protagonist is recovering from/battling with an eating disorder that is howevernotdepicted. As it is stated in the story, her master's actions are only meant to help with it, not solve it definitively! That requires therapy!
*******************
The invisible hand
Chapter 1– Morning arousal
I wake up as a voice whispers with a hiss in the total darkness:
"Rise, my love."
A shiver runs through my back and I wince, as I always do, every morning. It's incredible how I have still not gotten used to this. With a wary movement, I turn around. I can see nothing, the darkness is so thick that I can't even see myself. So I cautiously reach out with my hand. My heart beats faster in anticipation. Oh, the terrible things he will do to me if he's here! Biting my lip, I keep feeling around, methodically. I have to be thorough, because more than once he's just waited for me in a corner of my bed, ready to grab my hand, pull me towards him and subjugate my weak body with his bigger and stronger one. Shackles surround my bed, waiting for me if he catches me. My pussy tingles at the mere thought.
The corner. Nothing, he's not here. I sigh, disappointed and partially relieved. He won't make me scream this morning.
"I am always with you," his voice murmurs again in my ears.
Sometimes I think that he can really read my mind and I find myself smiling, as the roller shutters suddenly move and slowly let the sunlight in. I immediately close my eyes shut, to protect them from the stabs of the sun beams. While I rub them, my mind wanders to my childhood, when my mom had to literally grab my ankles and pull me out of bed in order to make me be on time for school. Much like my current awakenings, they were terrible and fun at the same time. Mornings have always been complicated for me.
Stop reminiscing! Precious seconds wasted! If I don't get up immediately he will know. He always knows and his disappointments are painful! Now on my feet, I regret immediately my hesitation: my head spins, I got up too fast. I let the world settle for a second and continue with my morning rituals.
First, the full-body mirror. My eyes, now accustomed to the light, see another me staring back. This woman is taller than average and that makes her look even thinner than she already is. Her prominent bones and muscles etch her skin with their shades, like a painting by Michelangelo, but she's not as strapping as his characters, quite the contrary really. Her figure is not defined by what she has, but rather what she lacks.
I sigh and step on the scale that is just in front of the mirror. I gained weight! I'm so happy!
"Good, pet, very good!" his soothing ethereal voice comments, sending waves of joy through my body. His body really. I have never managed to love it as I should have, but he does, and it is so much easier to take care of it for him than it is for my self-interest.
"You have pleased me very much."
All of a sudden, something happens inside the chastity belt that hugs my waist and forcibly separates me from my own sex. My thighs suddenly feel an irresistible attraction to each other and my knees grow weak as my demon's vibrating finger stimulates my clit. I so needed this! I used to masturbate every morning, as an incentive to wake up, but he owns me now and pleasure comes only when I give it first.
All my essence, my focus and my strengths are sinking in my sex. I reach for the wall for support. My hands and my forehead barely register its coolness and rough surface.
"Yes, my love, fuck me!" I whisper.
His breathing grows labored too, as he watches me and revels in the control he has on me. I know I do. A puppet in his unforgiving hands…
I am about to come…
"Yes, yes!"
I'm close…
And nothing! The vibrator dies. I should be disappointed but I know him. He's not the kind of master that just rewards his sub with a climax. He's going to have fun with me for all day, so that when I cum, I do it properly.
So, I get myself up straight again. Somehow, now the body I see is not the one of a woman, it's mine and looks slightly better than before. My finger caresses the metal of my belt, which features, sculpted in low relief, a brier bush in correspondence of my own. From there, it goes up to the belt itself that hugs my belly, which is decorated with a tattoo following the same theme: a single black rose rises from my vulva through the brambles and ivy drawn between my hips, to my small but firm breasts, illuminated by a crescent moon depicted on one of my breasts and stars drawn on the other. The leaves of the undergrowth depicted around it are made by verses of the lyrics of one of my favorite psychobilly songs, "The rose in the Devil's garden" by Tiger Army:
"There is a rose in the Devil's garden
In shadow, it grows alone
Many things are dangerous now
In this garden we call home
Be careful as you make your way
Some things are poison to the touch
You've spent your life here in this place
You long to run away so much"
I love the melancholy of that song! I'm now absentmindedly stroking my nipples, both sporting a black metal ring through them, just to tease him, because I know he's watching. Will he do something? Licking my lips, I tug gently the two piercings, and all of a sudden the woman in the screen, my bewitched mirror, is not naked anymore. She wears a couple of knee-high laced up black latex boots, with really high heels, fishnet stockings and a burgundy latex microskirt with laced up sides, which, as per his rules, barely covers the butt cheeks. The bodice she wears is my favorite, black leather embroidered with a red abstract pattern, with matching arm warmers and fishnet gloves, which show the tattoo I have in my left arm: silhouettes of the trees in a forest and of the people hanging from their branches. This is what he wants me to wear today. He's got great taste: my legs might be too skinny, but they do look amazing with knee-high boots!
With a smug smile I bow my head in front of the mirror to silently thank him and head to the bathroom. I have relieve myself and do my morning enema. With a chastity belt, peeing can be quite messy, because, even though it has openings to let the urine trickle out, my vulva still gets soaked. Fortunately I bought myself a bidet, which has changed my life. After doing my business, I use it to proceed with a thorough anal wash and use a special hose to clean my pussy with soaped water that I spray through the holes of the belt. I could ask him to open it for me or even safe-word, so that it opens automatically, but that is only for emergencies. Moreover, I love being locked this way. I finish my grooming with a warm shower.
Now that I am clean, I go on my knees on the cold floor of the bathroom, pour a dollop of lube on my hand and begin fingering my asshole. I slowly tease its rim, producing shivers along my back that I nurture and savor, while I rub one of my nipples with the other hand. Only when I can resist no more, I slowly push and push, until, all of a sudden, I penetrate myself. It's weird how it always surprises me, and I love how it feels. This part of my ritual, in a way, has come to replace my daily masturbation.
I had never considered the possibilities that anal sex could offer before I met him. Now I am a changed, more complete woman, from that point of view. Not because I love it: I am fully aware that anal is not for everybody. I think that it completes me as human being because my anus is not a part of my body to despise or be disgusted by anymore. It's just part of me. It is hard to stress how important it is for me to see my physical being as part of me.
I better move on, before I end up pleasing myself without his permission. I've been a good pet until now, no sense in ruining it! So I fetch my butt plug, a monster that I would have never fathomed as something suitable for daily use, before he trained me to be his anal whore. I cover it in lube, hypocritically sigh for the ordeal that I am about to go through, and put it in front of my awaiting hole. Back and forth, I slowly push it inside of me and outside, gradually enlarging my gape. Come on! I feel so damn empty without it! He's surely done a number on me with the anal training. Finally, it goes in and all is as it should be!
Getting up, I wiggle a bit to make sure it is in place and fasten it to the twin steel rods that connect the front of the belt with the back, pushing my buttocks apart in correspondence of the asshole. Time for my pledge.
"My demon owns my heart," I begin saying to the bathroom mirror, looking in my own eyes, "Thus, he owns my body. My screams are for his devilish delight, my pain for his sadistic pleasure, my flesh for his lustful hunger."
As my speech approaches the part I love the most, I caress the steel collar around my neck, shaped like a bundle of snakes coiling around it. One of them holds a big steel ring in his fangs, resting where my collar bones meet. My finger traces it as I continue:
"He is the only thing I have to fear, the only darkness that inhabits my heart, and he's always with me. I will obey to all his wishes and I will be rewarded with sinful pleasures."
As always, I repeat it ten times, not as a droning prayer, like those I was used to when I was still going to church, before I became an atheist. No, I have to put sentiment in it, mean every word, because otherwise he will know and I will regret it.
Thanks to my demon, I learned that words are never mere sounds. I feel good now, strong, as I still look at myself in the mirror. My eyes linger on my collar, my most prized possession. He designed and built it for me from scratch. It is the source of his power over me. Well, no actually, that is my love for him, but the collar symbolizes it and makes it possible on a more practical level, together with my earrings. My earlobes are stretched to the size of a beer cap and are occupied with two bronze disks covered with arcane scripts. They act as a support for the other element of the jewelry, a metal snake that follows the shape of my ears, housed in the curl of my auricle. Its tail rests where the cartilage spirals just above the ear canal, while its head peeks right into it, after its body takes a sharp turn on my earlobes. That's how he can always speak to me: the snakes whisper with his voice in my ears.
No, no more daydreaming, or I'll be late! Back in the bedroom, I open my big wardrobe. Most of my clothes are dark, elegant and gothic in style, but they are of no importance now: I only dress exactly in the way he wants me today. Another quick trip back to the bathroom and my shoulder-length jet black hair is dried and straightened and my make-up done. I like to wear heavy black eyeliner and today I sport a dark red lipstick to match the skirt.
My demon has not requested any particular purse, so I fetch my trusty coffin-shaped backpack. Once outside, the cold morning air stabs me in a thousand different places. With a shiver, I begin my morning walk. In a sense, it's a walk of shame, considering just how lewdly short my skirt is. My shiny chastity belt is there for all to see as soon as I bend over a little. He knows, he always does, and he's enjoying it. I wonder if he's stroking his sex right now. I sure know I want to do it with mine!
My first stop is Starbucks. It seems that wherever you are, there is one of their cafes somewhere in the surrounding, which is good for me, because I have rules when I am outside. As it's easy to imagine, the thing about being in love with a demon, is that they tend to be cruel. It's in their nature: after all they feed off human pain. Mine has a taste for the pain that my feet experience as result of walking on very high heels, which is the reason why he wants me to wear them, besides the fact that I look really hot in them. So, when I am outside and I have to walk somewhere, the rule is that I can never rest. If I find a red light, I have to turn left or right or, if I'm in a hurry, I just walk in the opposite direction until the streetlight turns green, so that I can rush back again to catch it. If I stop for more than a few seconds, he will know and there will be consequences: a thing that demons are not, is forgiving.
Of course, one of the main consequences of this is that I can never plan a specific route for wherever I want to go. So I walk and walk, attracting the occasional stare for my skimpy attire. I should be used to this and to the heels. Yet it still works and I blush in shame and suffer in silence, for the pleasure of my demon. When in my random walk I stumble upon a Starbucks, I can finally rest. Most people in line are fidgeting with their phones, but I can't: he doesn't want me to lose the chance of spotting someone lusting after me.
Today I need to…
Fuck!
His invisible finger has found me again! A powerful vibration wakes up my sex, still eager to get its denied climax… Luckily for me the belt is sufficiently padded and the vibrations are inaudible, but the line is long and when it's my turn…
Shit!
My demon's hand is unforgiving and unrelenting, hungry and greedy, and it's fucking me even harder now! I bite my lip, I try to think about something else, anything else, but they see me! Everybody's eyes, I bet they see me! I turn around and a middle-aged man frowns. Is it my face? Or my behavior? Perhaps my attire. Does he know? The line is moving. I could get out… No, I couldn't, it's against the rules. He knows where I am and what I'm doing and he wants me to cum here, in front of everyone! The line moves again. I'm so lucky that the belt does not let me drip juices so easily, because my pussy is swimming in them.
No, no! The vibrations are even stronger now!
"Good morning!" a young employee greets me.
I must have looked at him with a very weird expression, because he's frowning and when he speaks again, he does it with the condescending tone that people use with addicts and mentally challenged people:
"What are you having today, miss?"
I can't think, I'm on the verge and my demon intends to keep me there for a long time, because his finger is more delicate now. I have a bad feeling. Yeah, he's definitely going to make me cum as soon as I open my mouth to place the order. The evil bastard!
"Miss?"
Someone grumbles about being in a hurry behind me. Fuck them! I take a deep breath and blurt, just moments before I reach climax:
"Latte and a morning bun to eat here! For Nadia."
Shutting my mouth so hard that my jaws hurt, I reach for my purse and take my credit card: I'm no condition of doing the simplest computation and use cash. Boy this is awesome and horrible at the same time! The man still looks at me with a mixture of worry and contempt. He must think that I'm a junkie prostitute coming back from a long night of work!
As soon as I'm done, I flee towards the first free table. The only thing I know is that I can't stand up anymore and I just want to scream. I wish I had a gag on now! No, wait, what? No, no, no gag in public! My eyes are shut, but it's like it's never enough and so all my facial muscles are working on separating me from the rest of the world and just enjoy my forbidden and sinful lust.
I don't know how long it lasts, I don't even care about my shame anymore, because, as I found out thanks to my demon, there is a very definite limit of embarrassment that one can feel. After that, you just sort of roll with it.
So, after a while, I find myself coming down with a labored breath. My eyes finally dare to open and I notice that a lot of people are looking at me. Now I'm sure that it's not my paranoia. By the time my breakfast is ready (my name is "Hanna" apparently), I thankfully feel more in control of myself.
I don't really want to eat, but he wants me to. I have to spend some time enjoying breakfast every day, choosing food that I like and finishing it, all of it, together with a hot beverage. With a sigh, I take a bite off the bun. I have to chew it for at least a couple of seconds, for he wants me to savor it before I swallow. I don't know how he checks this particular fact and I don't want to think about it, I just trust that he does, because he loves me.
Not a lot of people understand that. They think that what they long for is what everybody should desire, that somehow love is universal, but it's not. Take food, for example: it is always nourishing, but it comes in very different flavors, styles and traditions. Love is very much like that: even though it always nourishes your soul, it changes a lot, depending on whom gives it to you.
My demon's love scares most people, it sure would scare my parents if they knew, but it makes me happy and is what I need. They don't know what is frightening for me and how with him I feel safe from it. He truly gets me, he peers in the depths of my soul and sees it the way it is. He's not scared of the darkness within. That's why, when he whispers in my ears, I just do whatever he wants, to the point that he rarely has to punish me. My folks would probably fear that I'm somehow forced, but for me obeying is not about avoiding the punishment, because I could use my safe word and get away with it, it's a choice. No, actually it's not even that. It's me succumbing to the irresistible temptation of doing his bidding. This is the reason why I call him a demon and that's how he convinced me to give him total control of my life, to put on a collar and a chastity belt to which I don't have the key, and I've never regretted it. I revel in the exciting nightmare he has crafted for me.
With a longing sigh, I finally finish my meal and drink the last of the latte. Time to go to work. On foot, of course.
Chapter 2– When he began to haunt me
I own a shop specialized in alternative fashion and accessories, mostly gothic, but I also keep some fetish items. Since I'm also a good tailor, part of the merchandise is made by me. I prize bespoke and artisanal items. That's how we met, three years ago. He's a computer engineer, but he has a small side business, a passion project really: he makes chastity belts. He's made mine, of course, dedicating an entire month to it.
Anyhow, I found his work on the internet and asked him if he wanted to use my shop as a showcase and distributor. He was curious and so he agreed to meet me.
I'll never forget the first time we spoke in person. First of all, I expected him to be much older than me: I was only 23 at the time. Instead, I found myself in front of a fascinating 27-year old with an obsession with black to rival mine. Dark was his skin, flawlessly smooth, black were his shirt and trousers, dark the jacket. He had this effortless elegance about him… His eyes, though, were the most fascinating detail. It's hard to describe them. It's not their color (black, of course) or their shape. The best adjectives that come to mind in order to describe them are shrewd, wary, guarded. That was a man who did not just look at things, he studied them. And sure enough he was studying me. After he had greeted me, he did not even speak. He wandered in my shop for a few minutes, came back to me and just said that he was convinced: my shop could sell his creations.
I had been a little taken aback, but I was happy to conclude the deal. As soon as we did that, he looked at me for at least minute, in silence and then just said:
"Come to dinner with me. Today or whenever you are free."
Dinner, or any meal really, was tricky for me back then. I had battled with anorexia ever since I was 14 and, even if I was winning at the time, I was still struggling. Nonetheless, I was very intrigued and answered yes. Now I know that it was a test. My demon is very observant, he had to have noticed that I had some eating disorder and wanted to see if I was willing to face my fears. He likes brave women, he once told me. Not fearless, because only arrogant fools aren't scared of anything, but brave, people who understand exactly what they risk and acknowledge their weaknesses, but are not paralyzed by them.
Our first date was peculiar too. No small talk with him. He's always intense. We had just taken our table and I broke the awkward silence by asking him what he did for a living and why he had chosen that path. He told me that he was fascinated by control and he reckoned that the chief instrument of control nowadays are computers. He then proceeded to show me how Google probably knew everything about my life by simply asking me to search "Ana". In his cellphone, he showed me results about ANA as an acronym. In mine, there were mostly results about pro-Ana websites.
My heart sank, for obvious reasons. All of a sudden I felt embarrassed and uneasy and all I wanted was to run.
"I did not mean to put you in a tough position. I was merely proving my point," he said, in the most neutral and nonchalant tone.
Oddly, his unsympathetic attitude was the best response he could have chosen. You can be embarrassed by something only if everyone agrees that it is embarrassing, even implicitly, by being over-protective.
"You don't mind?" I think I blabbed.
"I have my fair share of darkness too. Only boring people don't."
"Yeah? What's yours?"
"You know exactly what it is," he added and proceeded to call the waiter to place our orders.
Of course I did: stupid question! He designed chastity belts and was fascinated by control, what else could it be?
"What you really want to know, is whether you share the same or, rather, the complementary darkness," he whispered, leaning towards me, just before the waiter arrived.
I was so taken aback by his words that, when my turn came to order, I just panicked and started furiously leafing through the menu, not remembering my choices anymore and neither finding them. As I finally managed to say something to the waiter, I noticed a subtle grin in my soon to be demon. My cheeks must have been as red as the wine he was sipping, but at that moment, as I realized that he had set me up for his wicked amusement, I felt neither anger nor hate. Quite the contrary, I was even more enthralled.
"And here's your answer," was his smug remark.
Panic was getting the best of me, so I pretended that nothing had happened and diverted the conversation back to a safe topic: his job. He was helping design a software that applied voice-to-text conversion to audio recordings of inmates in a prison, in order to analyze them in search of useful information about crimes happening both in and outside the joint. The idea was that it was impractical to have a person listen to all those conversations, but a software, once it dealt with a textual version of them, could select only the interesting bits, which would be then double-checked by a human. At the moment, he was trying to make the system more powerful by using pattern-seeking algorithms, which would recognize some particular situations characterized by the presence of tell-tale sounds or words, in the hope of spotting coded conversations. The objective of the company he worked for was to eventually bug the whole place and keep it under constant automated surveillance.
"That's kind of creepy though, isn't it?" I commented.
"It is. It's the modern version of the Big Brother, but it can fortunately be applied only to people who have already lost their freedom."
"If you find it creepy, why do it?" I asked then.
"Because, as most tools, it is neither inherently good nor bad. Only actions can be. In this case it is good, because it helps reduce the inflow of drugs in prisons and prevents bosses from ruling their gangs while behind bars," he answered.
Then, almost as an afterthought, he added:
"This reasoning works with people too, you know? Take me, for example. I enjoy exerting this kind of creepy control, as you put it. Besides, I am, for lack of a better word, a sadist. These impulses can be directed towards good or bad, they can find their place in society or not. I like to think that I found mine."
A sadist? A frigging self-proclaimed sadist! Was I dining with a dangerous maniac? Why say so, if he wanted to hurt me? Maybe it was reverse psychology. Or maybe not. I didn't know how to react, so I just blurted a "I'm sorry, what?".
"I'm telling you these things because they are very important to me. I've been struggling with good and bad my whole life, watching the eternal conflict between my impulses and my heart, wondering if I was a monster. Now I know that most monsters are just displaced people."
I had to leave, right? It was the obvious thing to do. And yet I didn't want to. The thing was, I liked him, there was a connection for once! Also, come on, I knew what kind of person he was, as he immediately recognized. So why pretend and do the "normal" thing and leave?
I decided to stay. After all, how do other women decide whether to trust a man? The best they can do is not have evidence that their date is dangerous, but this is not proof of trustworthiness, is it? No, they base their judgment on their guts and only after they rationalize their decision, because there is just no rational way to be sure. So, why delude myself that there was a way that guaranteed my safety with no fault? A sadist but not a monster, he had said and I believed him: my guts told me that he deserved a chance with me and unless I had some inkling of him wanting to hurt me, I would go with them. It was a risk, but one worth taking.
After this whirlwind of thoughts in my head, I thought I did not know how to answer such brutal honesty. And yet, to my own surprise, I had a revelation of my own:
"Sometimes I fear that I'm in love with death," I blurted.
He just looked at me with a curious expression, prompting me to explain:
"Sometimes I think that I'm a monster too, but not in the usual sense, because I don't want to hurt people. I do want to hurt myself, though, and… I am a person too, aren't I?"
He nodded.
"Yes, you deserve better."
I could not believe that we had actually had such a surreal and personal conversation at the very beginning of our first date. Most people find this kind of topics too personal, too delicate or simply too much. The truth, I think, is that they are just too scary. My demon, though, he eats fear: no amount of me is too much for him. And, as I said, I'm brave.
We stayed in silence for a while, he observing me, I observing the dish, until the waiter came in our rescue with our order. After that, the rest of the night went on in a lighter mood. We ended up just talking in a park in my block until two in the morning.
"I better go home. Being your own boss has its perks, but you still gotta go to work at a certain point," I joked.
"You should change boss, then!" he retorted with a sly smile.
"Could you accompany me?" I asked then and he gallantly agreed.
A few minutes later, we were at the front door of the building where I still live, in silence, just staring at each other. He was waiting for something, not in an arrogant or smug way: he had studied me and had just predicted something that was yet to happen. I, on the other hand, was trying not to blow the fantastic night I had had. Was it a good idea to kiss him right away? Was I ready for that? He surely seemed to be expecting it, but he was doing nothing about it. Maybe he did not want to force…
Fuck it! I leaned forwards and pressed my lips on his. He kissed me back. At first, he just took my lips between his with the gentlest suction, he explored them delicately but passionately. Then, all of a sudden, he put a hand on my back and pulled me towards him while his tongue invaded my mouth. I was so turned on! Our timid kiss became more and more sexual. As if I could never be close enough to him, I pressed my body on his and I felt it. A huge boner in his trousers. I was so wet now! It had been ages since the last time I had felt that way… All of a sudden he pulled back. I feared that I had done something wrong, but he said:
"Take what you want," he whispered, his eyes magnetically locking on mine, "ignore everything but your desires."
I bit my lip. It was just the first date! I barely knew him! He was a fucking sadist! What was I doing? But I really wanted him… He had just tempted me for the first time. Successfully.
"Come upstairs!" I murmured, feeling as if I was in a spell, the first time of many: he lives for persuading me to be bad!
Elevator. His hands on my ass, my arms around his neck, his nose breathing me, my mouth nibbling his earlobe. My purse rustling as I looked for the keys, his hands firmly on my boobs, pressing back my body on his. His cock teasing my ass. Finally in!
I was about to remove my dress, when he stopped me:
"No. Take what you want first."
I didn't even think about the meaning of that and started undoing the buttons of his shirt. His torso was soon in my hands. I licked his nipple, breathed in his smell. I touched him, I explored his body with my hands while I fell on my knees for the main dish. His pants fell like an upside-down theater curtain. His cock had already found its way out of his underwear, for me. I had never felt so sexy and beautiful in my life. That was the best compliment he could have ever made to my appearance. As in a trance, I began licking the length of his big fat member, anticipating how it would feel inside of me.
My mouth was wrapping his glans when he caressed my hair and lifted my chin. As his hand rose, so did I, feeling weightless in more than one way.
"Before we continue, we must agree on something," he whispered.
My heart raced. Was he about to tell me that it was just sex, that he did not want anything more from me?
"It is a pact of sorts," he went on.
No, no!
"A pact with the devil."
"Thank god!" I ironically thought.
"If you are left in control of your body, you end up hurting it. I understand that it craves cruelty and pain, but you cannot be trusted with the task of administering them in a safe way. So let me do it for you."
I opened my mouth, but I couldn't say anything.
"You just don't appreciate it enough, not like I do," he explained earnestly, getting close to me, his mouth now hissing in my ears, "Let me be its master."
I knew that he was right. I hated my body, it always felt wrong somehow and usually it even managed to kill my arousal. Was that why he had not let me undress? I was too ashamed to say yes, though, and with a tear forming in my eyes, I just nodded.
"Good," he approved, now imperiously staring at me with my chin in his hands.
Then he took off one of his socks and put it in front of my face. What the hell…
"Since you don't appreciate your beauty, you don't deserve to see it!" he sentenced, proceeding to blindfold me with it.
I tried to say something but he put a finger on my mouth.
"You don't have a say on what I do to you anymore. The only way you have to stop me, is with one word and one word only: Raphael! That will tell me that you are the kind of girl who needs an angel and not a devil."
I nodded and found myself in the darkness. His hands left my face and I suddenly felt a powerful push behind my knees, sending me upward. He took me in his arms only for a few seconds and then he let me fall with a brief shriek.
"I love the sound of your voice screaming already!" he commented, while I felt with great relief the mattress of my bed under me, "I am going to have so much fun with you!"
My shoes where being pried from my feet. I tumbled sideways. The zipper was pulled down. Then my dress left me. I wasn't wearing a bra, so I was now completely naked, except for my panties. So vulnerable and so turned on!
His breath on my ear:
"Now stay still and wait for me."
I nodded. Somehow I could not use words with him anymore.
Where did he go? Maybe the bathroom? How long had it been? The more excited I grew, the slower cruel time went. Was I wet enough for him to penetrate me? I had to check, just to be sure. My hand sneaked its way to my pussy. Oh, yeah, I was definitely wet enough! Better safe than sorry, though, I decided. So I began masturbating, slowly, softly, not with the hurry of that same morning. My clit was bulging out of its hood. My hand was now covered in my juices as I penetrated myself with three fingers. How much more? I had not heard him flushing. Was it number two? Now? Seriously?
Then it came to me, the awareness that he was there, looking at me. I don't know how I realized that, I just did. He had made no noise whatsoever, but he was definitely there, watching. He likes to watch. My heartbeat spiked. Was I allowed to touch myself? He had said not to move. I hadn't, had I? No, his words were "stay still". Shit! I timidly withdrew my hand, when a draft of hot air in my ear foreshadowed his whisper:
"Too late!"
A swat of his hand hit my pussy and I screamed in pain, panic, surprise and arousal, all together!
"Your body is mine, now!"
Another swat! Fuck, it hurt so good! His other hand reached mine. He was fastening something around it. A piece of cloth, maybe? He pulled my arm and all of a sudden I realized that I could not move it back. I was being tied to my bed.
"And you don't get to just have fun with it!"
Slap! He was taking possession of the other arm. I would not be able to escape in a few seconds. I would be at the mercy of a man who probably had none!
"Now, tell me, how often do you pleasure yourself?"
Slap! I was now sobbing, and yet I allowed him to complete his work, reveling in the risk, in the idea that I was going to be hurt. He had been right, I craved pain.
"Every morning!" I whined in response, filled with embarrassment.
"Wrong."
What? I cringed, expecting a swat, an unfair one, for I had not lied! Instead, his tongue flicked on my cheeks, making me flinch.
"Your tears taste good too," he commented "Now, let's see about your pussy."
Without a second thought, he ripped my panties off of me and rudely splayed my legs. Nothing. What was he doing? A familiar rubbing sensation on one ankle answered: soon all my limbs would be tied to the bed. Done. He was done. I was done for. A warm breeze blew on my pubes, as he breathed in my fragrance and tickled my labia with his nose. He was that to me: heat, air, caresses and slaps. And now wetness, as his tongue began exploring my sex, invading it really, prompting my hips to rock and buckle. My buttocks were now in his hands and I felt like an apple in the farmer's hand being tasted. He lapped and prodded and tickled and sucked… I don't remember for how long he did that, but it seemed all very fast at the time, perhaps because it was one of the most exciting nights I've ever had. Anyway, soon enough I was in paradise, in the sweet ledge on the orgasm abyss.
So close…
He sucked harder on my clit, making me scream nonstop: I was just about to cum. Then he bit me gently and I came thrashing and fighting my restraints to no avail.
He saddled me like the violent beast I was, pushed my shoulders hard against the mattress and hissed, directly in my ears:
"Now, let me ask again: do you experience pleasure every morning?"
"No," I moaned, finally understanding his point.
I had indeed lied. What I did in the morning was not even masturbating. It was getting off, in the true sense of the words, I was getting rid of my sexual desire with a cheap solution.
"I'm sorry," I added, not sure for whom.
"Good," he murmured and began kissing me on the cheek, on the neck and then everywhere, a post-orgasmic blissful kiss-bath that ended on one of my nipples. He penetrated me with his huge member exactly when he sucked on my nipple ring for the first time. A finger rudely invaded my mouth, then two. Blushing, I sucked them with passion, only to be parted from them soon after. My saliva, he had been after some lubricant to massage my other nipple, while he slowly made his way inside of me. My body was his playground, it had all he needed to have fun, undisturbed, for I was a mere spectator tied to the bed.
He kept his trident attack until I came again, this time softly, in a prolonged climax. He did not cum, though. Now I know he enjoys edging. Instead, he saddled my face, opened my mouth with his hands and I felt his soft sack on my lips. Without wasting time, I licked his balls, while he took in his hand a lock of my hair. I did not understand what he was doing with it, I just felt slight pulls on my scalp. Later, when it fell on my mouth tasting of precum and pussy, I learned that he was brushing it on his glans, to tease it. It's hard to explain and described how being used like that turned me on.
Anyhow, the pause did not last long. His sack was replaced by his penis as he whispered:
"Lick it."
And lick I did, with passion, massaging it with my pursed lips, imbibing it with my saliva, savoring my own juices.
"I miss your screams," he complained, sending a shiver through my spine.
My legs were freed and he turned me on my belly, making my bound arms cross uncomfortably. He then lifted me on my knees and put us in a reverse cowgirl position, where he sat behind me. I was invaded again by his member and I eagerly started pumping it in my pussy, when he said:
"I'll decide the rhythm."
With my nipples. He took my rings in his fingers and tugged them up and down, forcing me to follow to minimize the discomfort. As desired, my screams of pain and pleasure filled the room again. I felt as if all my essence was concentrated in my pussy and my nipples. In a trance I did all he wanted me to do and when I came with immense satisfaction, I felt his semen gushing inside of me. It was not a problem: I had told him that I was on the pill. No, it was fucking awesome to host his juice in my body, its warmth was filling me with joy and life.
After that, he untied me and removed the blindfold, allowing me to discover that he had cut four strips from a kitchen rag to tie me with, and we kissed passionately, until he took my face in his hands and pushed it towards his member, still partially hard. Without a word, I rested my head on his belly and licked and lapped his softening member, sometimes sucking the rest of his cum. I kept going long after he was clean. I just loved his penis. That night I finally learned what "cock worshiping" means.
"You and I, my dear, are going to have a lot of fun," he announced, nesting his head on my pillow and caressing my hair.
Chapter 3– A submissive Sadie
I'm halfway to the shop when I hear a jackhammer and so surely does my demon. I turn my head left and I see that there are some workers repairing the road in the adjacent block. It's showtime. A brisk walk leads me just in front of the men sweating copiously in their orange jackets. As per my demon's orders, I turn my back on them and bend over, low enough that I'm sure my buttocks and my chastity belt are clearly visible to them, while I pretend that I'm doing something to the laces of my boots. I stay in position for a few seconds, until one of the guys whistles at me. That's going to…
"Well done, my love, you've made their day." my demon whispers.
I smile and turn around to wink the men, headed back to my shop. He's given me a lot of rules like this. He likes to show off his pet. Sometimes it's not easy to know how to please him, though. There was one time when the construction site where the jackhammer was used was hidden by chipboard panels, and I did not find a way to show myself to the workers. He instantly knew and later he proceeded to punish me. From then on, he clarified that if I could not reach the workers' eyes, I sure could make someone else happy anyway by bending over.
Half an hour later, I reach my destination. It's still a little early to open, but I have work to do anyway: I'm making a some leather plague doctor's masks. I don't really know what their function could be, but I find them beautiful and fun to make. This is something that I love about fashion, its purity: sometimes it is all just about aesthetics.
My lab is a small room behind the counter and maybe that's why it is a huge mess. On the table there are some unfinished collars I started yesterday, pieces of fabric everywhere, a bunch of instruments to work leather, and a few projects for future products. A couple of mannequins loom over it as interested spectators and a bunch of dresses hang from the ceiling, ready to be repaired or adapted. I love my lab!
Time runs faster when you have fun, because it seems that I sat down on my chair moments ago, when I hear the front door open. It's Sadie, now closing her black, laced pagoda umbrella that she carries with her every time it's sunny outside. Today she's also sporting a cute violet top hat that goes perfectly with her white bangs and matches both her lipstick and eye shadow. I've still got to get used to the new dye, but now I see the allure for optic white, because it's completely different from the color you get in your old age: it's pleasantly pure and bright.
"Good morning!" I greet her, as she approaches the counter with her trademark frenetic and short-paced gait I'd recognize everywhere for its characteristic click-clacking sound. This is because Sadie is very short and likes to compensate with boots with impossibly high platforms and heels.
"Hey boss!" she answers, "Wow, the masks are coming out great!"
She's always been my number one fan of sorts. She's only twenty, and before becoming my business partner, she was my most faithful client. It was hard to imagine this place without her even before she worked here, because she used to come every day to chit-chat with me about our shared interests. Even tough the age difference was apparent and could be felt, it never bothered me.
Our relationship changed when my finances got a little worse. Nothing bad, really, but I could see that I was doing something wrong with my business. The economic crisis had taken a toll on the sales and I did not know what to do. It was Sadie who made me notice that my inventory was too high-end. Many of my items where limited editions or handcrafted and so they had become a commodity that those times did not allow anymore. On the other hand, she observed, there was a whole market of teenagers who wanted desperately to stand out from their peers and were getting frustrated by the growing homogenization of alternative fashion. So, if I compromised to cheaper and yet somewhat original products, I would win them over and she could advertise me. She was right and, as soon as I could, I hired her, straight out of high school. Business has been good since.
"Thanks! Come on, you gotta tell me all about yesterday!" I reply, gesturing to join me in the lab.
My chest swells a little, noticing that she is wearing my birthday gift, a blue dress that I crafted from an old school uniform I bought used on the internet.
"Well, it did not go great. He thought I was role-playing." she says, dejectedly, while she begins working on the collars.
Sadie, like me, is very submissive and she's been looking for a master for a while now, but in one year and several first dates all she's found are a bunch of disappointments.
"What do you mean?"
"I've told him on the internet about my fantasy of being treated like a doll, so he assumed that I was pretending to be one, just because of the way I dress."
I sigh and worry, as usual. I don't like how careless she's been with her safety lately, making friends with strangers on the internet and then meeting them in person without a second thought. Two guys already have proved to be quite different from what they have advertised.
"What an idiot!"
She nods, now clearly fidgeting with the tools, her head somewhere else.
"They don't get me. To them, these are just things I wear, but it's so much more! What I find beautiful has something to tell about me, my personality, my interests and they're oblivious to this," she complains, her voice a little broken, "Not to mention those who think that being my master is just a silly game."
"Those can be dangerous too," I point out, hoping for my concern to get through.
"The thing is, I'm not even looking for anything serious, you know? I just want to know what it feels like being in a kind of relationship that I've only dreamed of so far."
Nope, she doesn't see how reckless she's getting in her desperation.
"You're so lucky…" she goes on, "Was he in your bed this morning?"
In these years I've become a mentor of sorts for Sadie. I've taught her how to sew, for example, but I believe that the biggest contribution to her growth as a person has been helping her understand her sexual kinks. I'm pretty proud of that: it's hard enough getting a proper sexual education in general, but as soon as you stray from the mainstream, it's quite easy to end up feeling lost, wrong or very, very confused. So I've been sharing a lot of my sexual life in the hope to help Sadie understand her submissive tendencies. The unexpected result of this has been that now she's a fan of my escapades too. For her latest birthday, my demon has given her a whole DVD of recordings of us having sex, for her delight and my utter humiliation. Now I know for a fact, because she makes sure to tell me, as a sign of admiration, that when she masturbates, she does it watching me and him. This somehow fills me with both shame and excitement.
Since our relationship is so fucked up anyway, I answer with the only worry of being insensitive to her plight:
"No, but he finally let me cum. In a Starbucks."
"He's such a maniac!" she exclaims, with sad, dreamy eyes.
I so wish I could help her! For the umpteenth time I wonder if my demon maybe knows somebody that could be suitable for her, but he's thirty and it stands to reason that his friends are roughly the same age. Moreover, he does not have many real friends, he's really introverted… No, this is becoming an emergency, so I decide to go for it:
"You know, I've been thinking, maybe I could ask him if he knows somebody right for you. How do you feel about older guys, like my age?"
Sadie's faces immediately lights up:
"That's a great idea! And don't worry about the age, I don't mind an older partner."
I'm so happy to hear that! Sadie, though, blushes hard and adds:
"Women would do too," she mumbles.
"Ok, sure!" I say, trying to convey that there's nothing to be ashamed of. Unless… Oh shit! She's got a crush on me? Now I'm blushing too. I have to flee:
"Alright, then, let me ask him," I announce getting up, headed to the bathroom.
Once I'm safe in a secluded space, I can finally process the revelation. A part of me feels very flattered, because Sadie is very pretty and, if she wasn't so hell-bent to find a master, she would find a boyfriend or a girlfriend in a heartbeat. On the other hand, I feel really shitty: have I tormented her all this time, leading her on? But I didn't even know she was bi! I sigh. It happens and, after all, I'm just about to try to remedy. So, I begin summoning my demon:
"Demon mine, come to me." I whisper emphatically, several times, until his voice fills my ears.
"I'm always with you, my love." is his answer, as usual, but make no mistake: this is no customary formula, because he always means it.
"I have a request, my love," I begin, anticipating a good amount of begging on my part. I love begging him.
"I know what's in you heart, pet. I will consider it, but it will require a sacrifice on your part."
I smile. Of course he knows: he always knows. I suspect that he has found a way to detect my blushing.
"Anything to please you, demon mine," I answer as I have answered countless times, but just like him, I mean every word of it.
I take advantage of the store's bathroom, which is provided with a bidet too for obvious reasons, and I lubricate again my butt-plug. It must be done several times a day, for it to be comfortable. Time to go back to tell the good news to Sadie. She is now opening the front door for customers.
"He will look into it!" I announce, trying not to get her hopes up before I'm sure that he's actually found candidates.
"Yay!" she squeals, rushing to hug me, prancing about with baby steps on her vertiginously high shoes.
The rest of the day goes pretty much as usual: when we are not tending to customers, we work on our products, chatting about the last episode of Tokyo Ghoul, an anime whose plot is getting harder and harder to follow. Lunch is provided by Sadie in tupperwares, as usual, since she likes to cook. I also believe that she secretly does that in order to ensure that I eat enough. In the past I used to hate this kind of thoughtfulness, because it made me feel like a baby. Now my demon is watching, however, and I want to please him. And Sadie too. She's the little sister I never had.
We close the shop in the late afternoon, but I still have a few errands to attend to. When I finally head home, it's dusk. I love this part of the day. In the past I used to be scared of the streets when it was getting dark, for fear of being attacked by some maniac. Now, even if that should happen, I know that my demon would instantly call the police, sending them exactly where I am. It does not completely prevent me from being hurt, but it is still a relief and I can live, like anyone else, with the illusion that no stranger is going to attack me.
"Come to me…" he hisses in my ears.
My heart is pounding in my head: I'm happy and frightened at the same time. No stranger can take me from the street, but he can. I nervously turn my head, looking around to see where he is.
"Follow the dog…" he adds.
Dog? Which… Oh, there it is, a woman walking her spaniel. I obey. My demon loves to hunt me, but it is not really necessary. It's not like I can resist his whispers anyway. His way of hunting me is more like that of a house cat, a game to pretend that his food won't just appear whenever he whishes for it.
I'm headed to a park. The stranger probably is taking her dog to do its business there. It's getting dark. There are few lampposts and a lot of tall bushes where I'm going, it's dark and secluded: that's why it's his favorite spot. I cross the tall rusting gates, leaving the city behind and entering the closest thing to the woods that it provides. It's colder, darker and more silent here. Archetypal fears rouse in me, carved into my mind by childhood fables and cautionary tales. My instinct is to leave, and yet I stay, for I can't resist his call, and wait. Walking continuously, of course: rules are rules. I have no idea when or where he's going to take me. One time he had me walk here for half an hour. The wait is torture: any rustling noise, any draft, any animal shifting position prod my heightened senses.
I keep turning around, in the hope of spotting him. There's nobody at this hour. What if they close us in? Damn, where the fuck is he hiding? Twisted bastard!
"Hello my love!" he hisses, just behind me, as I yelp and turn around.
No, he's not there. He's just messing with me.
"I am…" he breathes on my left. I turn my head: nothing!
"Everywhere…" he adds on my right, as I hesitantly retreat. I keep walking backwards disoriented. I can barely see any obstacles. Where is he? A rustling! I spin, just to find a tree in the darkness.
"Because…" he whispers. I lean with my back against the trunk, which scratches my skin. One less direction to check.
"I'm always with you!" he yells, behind me, on the right. I spin again, thinking that he was hidden by the tree all along. Wrong! Another trick! As I realize that, his strong hand appears in front of my mouth and silences it as it pushes me back. I lose my balance and land in his arms.
"My poor pet, you are trembling!" he mocks me, his breath turning into goose bumps, as he grabs my waist and drags me in the bushes, where nobody will see us. His cock, in its full might, is pushing against my back though his trousers. Albeit terrified, I close my eyes, yearning for it. He pushes me against the wall delimiting the park. My arms now lean against it. I won't fight back, I just can't. I need this, badly. His free hand slowly caresses my back, heading down, as is mouth begins kissing my shoulder, heading towards the neck. I moan in his hand.
He bites my neck and I yelp as his teeth press on my skin. And again! I'm his food, he feeds off my fear. His hand grabs my buttock and fondles it, as if to ascertain the state of his property. I hope I'm doing a good job taking care of my body for him. As I think with a shiver of the consequences of any neglect on my part, he swiftly grabs my butt plug and begins to remove it. I lick the palm of his hand, trying in any way to express my love for him. With a fit of pain, he empties me, creating in me a powerful need to be filled again.
A rustle announces the new incoming assault. Here it comes! I feel the head of his cock pushing against my shrinking anus, stretching it again. His member is slick with lube and quickly finds its home inside of me. I'm his anal whore and I'm so fucking wet! He reads my mind, because his hand grabs the upper part of my bodice and frees one of my boobs. In and out his cock goes in time with his massage in my nipple. I am so aroused right now!
"My invisible hand reaches everywhere. Softly." he murmurs in my ear as he licks the skin just below it.
He's right, because in response to his words, inside of the steel brambles that imprison my pussy, a buzz starts immediately to stimulate me, softly, as he has commanded. I'm getting close to climax, but I know that I'm not allowed to cum. I have to please him first and then, if I'm lucky, he will allow me. Resisting with all my might, I make use of my talents and I ever so gently squeeze my asshole. It hurts a little, but it does wonders on him. His pace gets faster, stronger. I love how I awaken the beast in my lover, who's always so self-restrained! He tugs my nipple ring! I'm getting dangerously closer, but demons are selfish creatures: I whimper as he comes inside me.
"And it goes away as it came," he grunts, resulting in the vibrator turning off. I sigh. I'll have to work hard for the second orgasm of the day, but I love the challenge.
He lets me go and backs off. As soon as I'm free I turn around and throw my arms around him, my mouth irresistibly attracted to his. I kiss him like I have to make up for all the times I longed for his lips in the past few days.
"I've missed you too, pet," he says with a sigh, as we part, looking at me in the eye. I just smile and drop on my knees. His cock is still partially erect when it appears in front of me. I cannot see it well in the dark, but I feel its heat, calling me. I take it into my mouth, not only to clean it, but to massage it with my tongue, something that you can only do when it is partly flaccid. He shivers and moans as I do so, his glans still very sensitive. It's so satisfying! One thing about our relationship that people don't get is that, while he holds an enormous power over me, the vice-versa is also true. My influence over him is just more subtle. He needs me because he's addicted to me.
As these thoughts cross my mind, he strokes my hair and smiles to me. Time to go. I rise on my feet and take the plug from his hands to put it into my purse.
"Let's go out for dinner," he proposes, caressing my ass, while cum leaks out of my bare butt-hole. I quiver as his finger finds it and spreads it all over my thighs.
"Right now," he adds, putting his fingers in front of my mouth, so that I instinctively lick and therefore clean them.
Knowing perfectly well that he means that I should not change or clean the jizz out of me, I nod and kiss my cruel demon again, while he chuckles wickedly.
We walk hand in hand out of the park. Once I asked him if he would put a leash on my collar when we are outside. A part of me wished for it, another was terrified by the thought of the public humiliation. He just laughed and told me that he needed no leash to control where I went. He was so right!
"How was your day, demon mine?" I ask, in a good mood.
"Inspired," he answered mysteriously.
"A breakthrough at work?"
"Nope. I was inspired by your request. I took a day off, so that I can stay here a little longer before leaving for Europe and help you with your friend. I thought…" he was answering, but I did not let him finish: I was so happy that I had to kiss him again!
"I thought, " he continued chuckling, "that when I'm with you I should not keep you away from your friends all the time."
"It's not that you keep me from them," I reply, trying to reassure him, "it's just that going out with them feels a waste of the little time we have, since I can see my friends whenever I want."
Unfortunately for us, he doesn't live in my city. The headquarters of the company for which he works are a couple of hours drive from here and he has to travel a lot as a consultant anyway. The latter aspect of his job is both a blessing and a curse. Whenever my city is even remotely in his path, he manages to spend some time with me, but sometimes he has to go so far away, like in Europe, that we cannot even spend weekends together.
"Yeah, I know, but at the same time, in order to be a part of your life, I need… Well to take part in it!"
"Ok, but then I want to spend time with your friends too, when I come to your place," I say, becoming aware of my mistake too late when I hastily add "please."
He raises his eyebrows, slightly amused. I stop walking. Shit! Am I in trouble?
"And you shall, my love," he says, taking my chin in one of his hands. Then he leans forward and kisses me, for my great relief. I believe he is a very peculiar master in this sense. He's not big on formalities, like addressing him as "Sir". I believe that it's because he likes being direct and people who share the same inclination.
"So, what were you thinking about Sadie?" I ask.
"Well, as it so happens, I know of a few candidates that she could date here. Unfortunately they are not really friends, otherwise you would have met them, but rather acquaintances. Friends of friends, so to speak."
"That's wonderful!" I exclaim, "Honestly I thought that one date would be already a strike of luck!"
"Oh no, I made a thorough research and this city is big, so… However, since I do not really know these people well, I would feel much better if we introduced Sadie to them in a double date. You know, she's a little too trusting."
"My thoughts exactly," I reply, as excitement and fear rise at the thought of the humiliations he will put me through with these strangers, in front of Sadie no less!
He smiles: he lives for this. We walk for some more time, in search of a place, even though I'm pretty sure that he just wants his cum to dry on my bare bottom, so that it stinks enough for other people to notice, a thought that is rekindling the fire in my pussy.
We end up in an Indian restaurant. It's a small place and today it's almost empty, possibly because it's a little late. Unfortunately, contrarily to what one might presume, this does not help me with shame. If this place was crowded, it would be harder to determine whose ass was covered in dried cum.
The waiter that greets us is a very young man of Indian descent, possibly of Sadie's age. He is immediately struck by how short my skirt is, but he does his best to conceal it. In vain, because I spot his erection as he accompanies us to the table. Or perhaps he smells jizz? I know I can! Maybe I'm just imagining it. I mean, I have swallowed semen in the very recent past and there's possibly a faint trace on my lips. Anyway, I'm blushing hard as I stare blankly to the menu.
"Be good, my love, and you will be rewarded," my demon whispers, caressing my leg with his foot to stress the point.
The names of the dishes are almost invisible to me. All I see are the ingredients. I assume that this is fairly normal for people who are not familiar with the cuisine, but it's not my case. I've been raised on Indian, among other things, because neither of my parents can really cook. The ingredients are to me numbers, expressing calories and fats. It's a second nature. Maybe some chicken? He's staring at me. I want him to make me cum, badly. If I really wanted to make him proud I would go with lamb. That sure is fat, but I can't, I'm not there yet. I will, hopefully, one day. Beef it is. I express my wish to him and he calls the waiter. My demon takes his phone in his hand, which disappears under the table immediately after. Oh, no, that's not how I wanted my reward! As soon as the young man arrives, my clitoris is awakened by pesky vibrations.
"So, let's see. I'm not sure what to eat, may I ask you a couple of questions?" he starts.
He has far more than two questions. As he speaks, I wiggle on my chair, incapable of finding a comfortable position, hopefully one that does not press the vibrator on my swelling clit. The waiter looks at me, from time to time, while he answers my demon's questions. I wish that my facial muscles could be paralyzed, but I know that they betray me! Now the guy is frowning openly. I'm about to cum!
"And that's all I guess," my demon says, his evil eyes fixed on me as his invisible hand disappears.
I bite my lip, not sure whether to be disappointed or relieved. The waiter heads to the kitchen, glancing at me as he turns, a curious expression on his face.
"I thought you would reward me!" I find myself whining.
"And I am going to," he replies with a sly smile.
I sigh, resting my head on my hand. Our dishes arrive soon after. For the rest of the dinner we mostly talk about our week. He tells me everything that happened in his, but I don't need to do the same. He already knows the facts, he always knows. What he really wants to hear are my thoughts, my wishes and all those little details that never make it into small talk. I love this aspect of our relationship. He deliberately eats slowly, sometimes caressing my legs with his. I try not to play with food, because I know he hates that, and I manage to finish a little after him, just like in sex.
The waiter, as his workload dwindles and the other customers pay their bills, keeps sending furtive glances at me, thinking that my demon won't notice just because he's doing it behind his back. So young and naive!
"It's always nice to see that the new generations still appreciate beauty, don't you think?" my demon says.
A little confused I frown and reply:
"I guess…"
Then I recognize his gaze. His hands in front of him, the fingertips touching, the head slightly bent down, his eyes on mine. He smiles. He knows that I know. I begin shaking my head no.
"Why don't you ask the nice waiter where's the bathroom?" he asks, his voice now smooth, silky even.
"I… I'm good, thanks," I stutter, knowing where he's aiming at.
A part of me still wants to be good, like my parents taught me, like church wanted me to.
"Yes, I'm sure you are, but I still think you should visit it. Just the room, you know?" he adds, his smile growing bigger, "You are going and his eyes will follow. Then you'll wink at him, gesture that you want the rest of his body to follow too. He knows what a horny little slut you are."
The rest of me, however, loves how he corrupts me.
"No, I'm… I don't really…" I blab, shaking my head, but my body is already betraying me. Why couldn't he give me my reward before? It's a stupid question: this is why, to lower my defenses. To induce me to be bad.
"Go, I know you want to suck him! Have you ever tasted Indian, after all? You gotta be more adventurous with what you put in your mouth, explore the world taste by taste!" he mocks me.
I bite my lip. What he asks of me is so wrong…
"I want him to envy me, I want him to know exactly what I can have with a snap of my fingers!" he hisses "Have pity on him, think about his future! Do you think he will ever be so lucky to have his cock sucked by a girl like you?"
My legs act on their own and I get up. Sometimes I think he is a hypnotist. No, he's a demon.
"Go, pet, make me proud!" he whispers and I go. A little light-headed and unsure on my feet, I reach the waiter, who is standing in front of the counter and lowers his gaze guiltily, as if I just caught him staring at me.
"Where is the bathroom?" I ask, my voice trembling a little. He just points at it. And his dick is definitely pointing at me, under his pants.
"Would you escort me there?" I murmur, in my best imitation of a little girl's voice.
He doesn't really understand or he thinks he cannot possibly be so lucky, but he complies nonetheless. My heart is racing. Why do I always end up sucking strangers? I could say no, he's been clear about that. I don't even have to use my safe-word or fear repercussions. And yet I always end up doing his bidding. My tempter loves it, the power he has on me, which does not even come from fear or coercion. That is real ownership!
The door of the bathroom. The waiter is staring at me. It feels that most of my blood is now employed in the task of making my cheeks as red as possible.
"Would you like to come in? I'm very satisfied of the service and I would like to give you a special tip," I find myself saying, like an actress in a porn movie. This turns me on even more. I'm pretty sure that my juices are dribbling from my chastity belt. A single drop is running on my left thigh. The waiter is now agape. He doesn't believe me, he thinks he's dreaming, so I grab one of his hands and put it on that drop that is betraying me. He gasps, as I open the door and walk in, holding his trembling hand.
Once inside, I close the door and drop immediately on my knees. What is it going to be like? Thanks to my demon I've seen my fair share of penises, finding out that there is much more variety than I expected. I undo the belt. The boy just stares at me, incapable of saying any words. My beauty stole all of them, I think with great satisfaction. I'm growing more confident by the minute. Now the button…
Jesus, such ugly boxers! I look at him a little disappointed and he begs forgiveness with his eyes. Does he think I won't suck him because of his poor choice of underwear? I decide to grill him a little, just for fun. When I'm sure he's panicking, I shrug and quickly pull down pants and boxers alike. Yeah, fuck the underwear, that's one juicy dick! Its length and girth are average, perhaps it is a little thinner than usual, but I prefer it this way when I suck: no jaw pain after.
I'm not sure if I should take my time or not. What if the manager looks for him? Also, every minute with my lover is precious, I don't want to waste more time than I need. So I pass my tongue all over his shaft, slobbering copiously to lubricate him well. I am blessed with a copious salivation when I need it, which makes me a perfect cocksucker, as my demon often reminds me. I don't want to be rude, though, so I kiss his brown glans before I wrap my lips around it, going down slowly and then backwards, enjoying the sensation of my lips encountering resistance where its glands shrinks into the shaft. My head bobs up and down a couple of times before my tongue really joins the dances and circles his tip. I stop to take a breath while I lick it furiously, reveling in the dissolute sounds I make. My demon is listening too, he's getting hard too, for he will be the next. I stare at the waiter now, as I open my mouth wide and slowly lower my head on his member, making it disappear as in a magic trick, without ever breaking eye contact. This will serve for my deepthroat training, about which my demon is not entirely happy. I go lower and lower, both physically and metaphorically, imagining that I'm going to swallow it like a sausage. This helps me with my gag reflex.
"Holy shit!" are his first words.
No, I can do better, I've not reached its base. Come on! A spasm takes my throat by surprise and I have to extract my toy. Damn it! I try again. This time I can resist a little more. I'm gargling as I get closer to his balls. I love the lewd noises I'm making: if only I could touch myself! But I can't. A pulsation! No! Is he already cumming?
I rise my head just in time and I seal his shaft with my lips as good as I can while I bob up and down, in order not to spill any cum. He's got plenty. Not much action for the waiter, apparently. I swallow it slowly, savoring it, because just like breakfast, I'm supposed to enjoy the moment. When there's no more, I massage his cock a little with my gloved hand, squeezing the last of his semen and then I get up. He's leaning against the wall, seemingly drained of his forces, which I have to imagine reside in his jizz.
"I would like to pay the bill now," I say with an innocent voice, trying hard not to laugh. It's exhilarating this thing that my demon tempts me to do. He nods and holsters his member in his trousers. We quickly wash our hands and get out. The owner of my heart is waiting by the counter. I'm pretty sure that the young man is going to faint, believing that he's been caught, but he manages to stay on his feet.
"What took you so long?" my demon asks, pretending to be annoyed.
"I had something stuck in my mouth," I reply, provoking the slightest contraction in his lips: an effort not to laugh.
"And I'm paying!" I add with a naughty smile, "Or else I'll feel like a kept woman!"
He just squeezes his eyelids: I'm pushing it too far and I know it, but he lets me. As we get out the restaurant, leaving a petrified waiter behind, I wrap my arms around my lover and peck him on his lips:
"And I'm paying, aren't I?" I ask pleadingly.
"You bet!" he hisses ferociously, just before he kisses me again.
We go home on his car.
"A thing stuck in my mouth," my lover chuckles shaking his head, breaking the silence in the elevator.
I laugh too. His laughter is precious, because he's a very serious man. My eyes are attracted by the duffel bag he carries. As soon as we are in the privacy of my house, he rudely grabs me by the ring in my collar and with a wicked smile makes his promise:
"Time for you to pay! Undress."
I quickly obey, as a conditioned reflex, while he paces around me.
"Tonight we are going to turn pain into art!" he says and casually smack one of my buttocks.
I jump and whimper, but I go on and remove the bodice too, trying to stand still.
"Now, as for any great work of art, we are going to need three things: a good subject…"
Slap! My right boob!
"Inspiration…"
Slap! The other buttock!
"And of course, an artistic medium!" he concludes, smacking my other boob. Tears are forming in my eyes.
"And you " he hisses, grabbing by my neck and pushing me towards the bedroom "are going to be all of them."
He shoves me on the bed, where I bounce and weakly try to retreat, but he's too fast and grabs my ankle. The room is different: the bed is covered in tarp. I have barely time to notice that, when my ankle is fastened to a cuff and to the bedpost behind me. I'm lying on my back and my left knee now presses against my breast, quickly followed by the other one. This is his favorite position for whipping or spanking my ass, with my head between my legs, because it is more painful.
"Well, now, pet. As I was saying, you are my subject, being yourself a work of art," he explains, as he grabs his phone.
All of a sudden the vibrator hidden in my chastity belt begins his merciless stimulation.
"And as promised you are getting your reward," he goes on, a wicked smile on his lips and greed in his eyes, "because the theme is going to be pain and pleasure. I'm going to take a photo of your face when you experience them the strongest. Of course, I could ask you to fake it, but I'm very fond of realism."
Of course.
"Anything for you, my love," I reply, truthfully.
He undresses and extracts a crop from his duffel bag. A shiver shakes my body.
"You are such an eager subject! Tell you what, since we are being artsy, let's make the whole atmosphere a little more Dickensian, shall we?"
I do love Dickens, but I'm pretty sure that I'm not going to like what comes next. Indeed, the vibrator dies as soon as he pronounces the word Dickensian. Damn it! I really need my release! He has planned this very carefully.
"Now I'm going to whip your sorry ass and your feet, but only after you say: 'Please, sir, can I have some more?'. If you don't, I'll stop. You are going to be my Oliver Twisted!"
He laughs and strikes me hard on one thigh, the other hand working on his penis. I yelp, but I obey and plead:
"Please, sir, can I have some more?"
As soon as I finish the sentence, the vibrator wakes up again for my great relief, just when he hits me once again, making me struggle against my restraints. No! It died again! I have a hunch about what is happening. Only one way to test it:
"Please, sir, can I have some more?"
My pussy gets her stimulation again, at the price of a loud smack on the sole of one foot! I yell in frustration, pain and need. I've got to say the magic fucking words! He's looking at me, still idly caressing his glans, the crop ready in his other hand. He enjoyed the face I made when I realized how his torture works: if I want my reward, I have to work for it. And I really want it!
So, swallowing loudly and resigned to my destiny, I keep saying the formula and climb the climax mountain, step by step, while he keeps satisfying my "request", hitting me mercilessly and uniformly, his dick getting bigger and bigger in his hands. I'm sobbing now: it hurts so much, but I'm so close! If I slow down it will take even longer! So I gather all my courage and I beg and beg:
"Please, sir, can I have some more?"
Smack!
"Please, please, sir, can I have some more?"
I'm shaking uncontrollably, my eyes shut as to protect me from the mere vision of the crop. One last time!
"Please, sir, can I have some more?"
"Open your eyes!" he barks as I cum.
He's holding his phone and takes a picture as he hits me for the last time, on the foot, where it hurts the most. He keeps shooting as I cum wildly, releasing all the sexual energy I accumulated ever since he came back to my daily life.
I'm somewhere dark, no thoughts inhabit my mind for a long time. Kisses. He's kissing my red ass. The bed under my tummy tells me that he untied me and let me rest. A clack. I know that sound! My vagina has just been freed! I open my eyes in a surge of excitement and turn around to watch him remove my chastity belt. Is he going to fuck me in the pussy? My demon keeps kissing me, now covering my spine with his ministrations, headed towards my mouth, where I wait for him patiently. No, I can't, put my hands behind his head and kiss him with greed. We make out for a while.
"Why don't you go clean your belt and recharge it while I prepare it here?" he suggests.
I obey, almost prancing about to the bathroom. It's so weird not to have the rigid metal pressing on my vulva! Almost as not having something filling my ass. Oh, what the hell, I have to go anyway!
After a thorough cleaning and disinfecting of the belt and the substitution of its battery, I poo and I'm ready for a nice session in the bidet. Of course, I'm not allowed to please myself, but I really have to wash my vagina from all the juices it has produced today. My labia! I've missed them so much! The temptation is irresistible.
"Can I take a moment here?" I call.
I can't masturbate, but I really need to touch myself. So, I compromise for my usual surrogate and I clean the insides of my asshole too.
"Sure!" he agrees in a good mood, hoping that I won't resist and touch my pussy, so that he has an excuse to make me suffer for him.
As soon as I'm done, I quickly drop on my knees and slowly work the butt plug in. It's going to do for now: my demon is going to take care of the rest of my needs. Coming back with my ass stuffed and horny as hell, I finally have a chance to see what he did to my room. The bed is covered with a plastic tarp and on it there is an open metal box with tall walls, in which I can spot a few glass jars filled with colored liquids and piled on identical ones, from which comes a faint candle light. It's not over…
"No, of course it's not!" he exclaims, once again reading my mind and thoroughly enjoying my frightened expression "I told you, we are going to make art tonight, but not photography!"
"And what exactly?" I investigate, walking a little closer.
"I'm going to paint you with wax! A PainTing," my demon announces, dividing the last word in two with an evil grin, "The photos are just for reference, you see, because I'm going to paint your back!"
Oh, shit! The canvas and the subject: I can't say that he did not warn me.
"What about inspiration?" I ask, remembering his words.
"Oh, yeah, that! You see, I noticed that I'm more creative when I'm aroused," he begins, happy to present his plan. Can't argue with that, I think.
"So I need you to pleasure me during the whole process. Mouth or ass, your call," he continues.
What? No!
"What about my sex, demon mine?" I inquire, trying to sound as humble as I can.
"Oh pet," he replies, walking to me and taking my face in his hands, his contrite tone mockingly fake, "You know that I prefer your butt, it's just tighter! I removed the belt just because it covers part of your back!"
Devastated by his announcement, I drop to my knees.
"Please, please, no, fuck me in my cunt, please!" I beg him whining like a little girl whose trip to Disneyland has just been canceled.
He just shakes his head. I keep whimpering and pleading, blushing hard for the depth of my humiliation, reaching with my hands to his breast, where his cruel heart is hidden.
"Think of the spasms! When the hot wax hits me, my muscles will contract, won't they?" I suggest, "and they would wrap the whole length of your dick in my cunt, not only a ring!"
He mumbles. I lick his dick and whine some more:
"Please, please!"
"You have a good point, my love," he concedes and I jump to kiss him.
It doesn't last long, because he pushes me on the bed, where I lie limp, waiting for him to tie me properly. My hands are cuffed and pulled to one side of the bed, while I kneel on the floor on the other one and my torso lies on the mattress.
"Here, this will help," he murmurs, as he gags me and provides me with a bell in place of my safe word. This is not good: it means that I'm going to scream a lot.
Then he massages my back with oil. The tarp under me crackles as I revel in pleasure. It won't last long. Indeed, his hands leave me. What the fuck? I gasp through the gag as a terribly chill breath of air sweeps over my back. It's got to be one of those freeze sprays that one can use for inflammations after an injury. This is bad: if my skin is cold, everything that touches it will feel much hotter than it actually is!
His cock begins its slow penetration of my sex. It doesn't even need lubrication: begging always makes me wet. With my ass filled too, it feels even better! I don't have time to enjoy it, because the first drop falls in the center of my back, making me shriek through the gag. It doesn't matter that I know that its temperature is well below a value that could hurt me, the wax feels scalding! Something rubs it. What is he even using, a brush? No, it feels more like a stick. Drip. I yell again, as he penetrates me even further with a satisfied grunt. My spasms are good indeed.
"Don't shake, or I'll have to remove the wax and start again!" my demon complains.
No no no! That's definitely not happening. It takes all my might, but I manage to stay relatively still as he drips hot wax, blows cold air on my skin and fucks me, ever so slowly.
"Good, like this," he encourages me "Don't give up. I intend to do most of your back, so this will take a while."
He and his goddamn perfectionism! He goes on, painting me, sometimes stopping to look at the tablet for reference and distractedly fingering my clit or moving my butt plug in and out. I love and hate him and what he does to me at the same time, but I never stop him, reveling in my paradoxical pleasure.
I'm so tired now, not out of exertion, but sheer amount of stimulation. Fuck! The unrelenting dripping of the wax does not let me, my gluttonous pussy does not accept rest. My view is blurred by tears and I can taste my salty snot on my lips.
My ass now hurts too. The butt plug seemed a good idea at the beginning, but now it's just wrong! As soon as he pauses, I wiggle my butt and he understands. Better, much better. Incapable of resisting it, he extracts his shaft from my pussy, making me scream of frustration, and fucks his favorite hole as he continues the patch between my shoulder blades.
More time passes. I don't even know how much. My anal gape closes. I was right, the pussy is better! Indeed, he invades me again and I try to squeeze his member as much as I can.
"Be patient!" he warns me.
Right. His inspiration. He's doing my lower back now as I vent my pain with screams. I can now feel the crusty sensation on my skin. The piece is almost complete. Some time later he begins rocking his hips harder and his hand finds my clit. I'm cumming, I'm finally cumming. He pinches my button and I shriek at the top of my lungs. This is not just one orgasm, it's a wave, periodically surging and shaking my whole body, while my demon fills me up with his cum. Everything goes dark.
I'm awakened by the smell of jizz. I open my eyes just a little, only to see his cock on my lips. As a conditioned reflex I lick it and suck the very tip. I feel so tired… I close my eyes again, fantasizing of sleeping with him inside my mouth, a meat pacifier. He's caressing my hair. My head is resting on his belly. I keep transitioning in and out of sleep, his flaccid dick in my mouth.
"Don't you wanna see the result?" he asks me in a whisper.
I open my eyes again and I see his tablet. There I am, in a staged photo that must have required his camera, spent on the bed, still tied, with my sobbing face plastered on my back. It is artful and clever. Since the color of the canvas is just that of my skin, he simply sketched my features with black and red wax, with a touch of pink where I was blushing and an almost transparent variety for my tears. It's amazing how with a few strokes he rendered so many emotions.
I reach with my hand to my back, only to find skin.
"I removed it while you were asleep. This is performance art, after all, it's not meant to last," he tells me with a chuckle.
I moan and go back to sleep.
*******************
Feedback:
All kinds of feedback are appreciated. If you decide to give a low score to this story, please find some time to leave a comment and tell me what went wrong. Thanks!