Author's Note: This is a new series of stories, all of them holding at least a kernel of truth, if not more. Not all will have full-on sexual contact and/or encounters, at least as I have it planned, but I hope the reader will enjoy the feelings, and emotions, that went through my mind. That being said, there is going to be a lot of interracial sexual relations, sex with strangers, and even some violence.
Call it adultery, call it slavery, or call it submission, whatever label you choose, but unless you have a CONSTRUCTIVE comment, I'm not interested in hearing your blithering, whiney fingers scream about how I should be divorced, shot, made homeless, or abandoned. We all have enough troubles in our days without listening to your opinions on how someone should live their lives. With that said, if you are still here, please enjoy this next installment:
To make sense of this chapter, readers are encouraged to read the previous chapters.
*****
I was stunned for only a second or two, as Juan had dropped his trousers, and displaying himself to me. Not that I wasn't making my own display, on hands and knees, my special pants having the slit opened as my knees were, showing him my petals. I gasped, not in amazement or arousal, but in shock. He man was heavy, I knew that, but all his weight seemed to be around his stomach and chest. Rolls of flab cascaded down him, and I couldn't really see his pecker. It was dark out, anyways, but in the light of one walkway in the distance, I could still see a little, mostly outlines. One thing was for sure. Ben or not, I wasn't letting that guy touch me. Not if I could help it. He was only a few steps behind me, and as he tried to walk, with his pants looped around his ankles, I tried to get up and make my escape.
Women who have tried to walk in stilettos on grass will know what happened next. With almost every step, my heel would puncture the grass, almost to full depth, and I would have to struggle to get my heel free. I couldn't just slip out of them, the ankle strap being tight around my leg would require me to stop, bend down, and release the buckle. That would have given Juan too much of an opportunity to get me in his clutches. An outsider would have laughed, seeing a thick, dumpy, fat man chasing a slender, well-dressed woman across the grass, in very slow, almost exaggerated steps, but that was what we were. My wearing a sheet blouse and purple satin bell-bottoms, and him wearing a shirt, and his pants around his ankles, we made quite a sight.
The slow-motion chase continued, and I was gaining some headway, as I went around the backside of the building. I figured I could get around it, reach the sidewalk first, and then beat feet to my room. I had made one step, past the corner and into further darkness, when I stopped, and groaned. We were at the edge of the property and a cinder-block wall ended the property line. I had managed to cage myself. My heel sunk at the same time, and I looked down to pull it out, and was taking my first step to turn, and try and make a break, when Juan caught me.
He damn near tackled me, and I grunted loudly as he landed on top of me, his weight nearly squashing me. He made his own grunt as his flab rolled onto me, and I felt completely covered by him. I was actually nose to neck with him. I landed on my back, and felt the moisture on the grass start to cool my skin, which had been sweating, as well as soaking into the soft satin material of my pants. It was cold.
"Juan.. no... This is rape!" I spoke.
We had landed directly underneath the back window of one of the hotel rooms, and I didn't want to get caught. I didn't want to risk anyone seeing me, realizing what was going on, or anything. I didn't want anyone to find out about Ben, most certainly not my husband. So I didn't scream. I didn't claw, I didn't do any of the things I should have, to positively protect myself. Instead I tried to wrestle my way out from under a man who had 100 pounds on me.
"Nah, you've been teasing me all day, bitch. You want this!" he grunted in his reply. He, too, obviously didn't want to get caught, mainly because of how bad it would look. I was dressed, pretty much, and he wasn't. I looked pretty sexy, and well, he looked like a fat, greasy, slob. A naked slob, who was about to stick his dick in me.
I could barely breathe under him, and so that became my main focus. Breathing. "Please... your suffocating me!" I begged him.
I felt him reaching between us, and managing his flab, until his fingers grabbed his manhood "This will help you breathe better!" Then he grunted, and I felt him thrust against me, and his shaft began to poke at me. I let out a chirp, and a second one as he thrust again. He was trying to find the opening in my slacks, and on the fourth try, he found it. I squealed, high-pitched, and desperate, my legs jolting downwards, to try and make him stop, but when I felt him, the head of his penis begin to enter me, I gave a muted cry. He had me, and now I was done for!
With his cock now in me, he began to thrust, rapid, short and, to me, ineffective, but he was gaining depth, and before too long, he was able to make sure I felt him. He was nowhere near as well-gifted as Ben, or even my husband, but he was able to fill me partially. That was when he rolled to one side, a little, and used his hands to rip open my blouse, the thin material popping buttons everywhere, as my breasts were bared to him. His skin was oily everywhere, it seemed, and his face was nuzzling in to my neck, as he thrust, small hands on my nipples, pinching them hard. Each pinch made me wince, and grunt softly, my lip between my teeth as I tried to be as silent as possible.
His own voice, however, was growing louder, and as he pushed into me and then withdrew, his voice would murmur. "So tight.. so tight..." and then he would stick it back into me, and moan, almost like a puppy. The scene would recycle, and it was like a pathetic man, or a teenage boy, was getting his sexual fantasy fulfilled. All the while, I was struggling under him, trying to stave off the inevitable.
He bit my neck, and it made me yelp, loudly, and he suckled my skin. I muttered. "Dammit, Juan, no! Don't mark me!"
Then to my shock and horror, we were suddenly bathed in a soft light. as my eyes were widely open, and then I heard one of the most terrifying noises. The back window above us opened, and a lone figure stood at the frame, silhouetted. He was watching us, as I looked up at him. He did nothing, said nothing, for a long few moments, all the while Juan's pathetic cock kept pistoning in me. I let loose a small squeal, as it seemed hopeless now, and I actually felt a jolt of pleasure from Juan, as he finished with my neck, a mark I was sure was going to bruise, and bruise darkly.
The stranger then reached to his center, and I could see him exposing himself, his thin build and long hair visible as a shadow. I only had a slightly off-center view of him, so I couldn't see what his manhood looked like, but he was evidently ready to get hard, and it only took a few moments for him to begin to moan. All during this, Juan kept at me, like a jackrabbit, his slobbering lips now coating my nipples, as I was being attacked, and my attack was being perved.
I had a jolting thought as I felt another small tease of pleasure, and that made me start to squirm again, with renewed energy.
"You have to pull out..." I harshly whispered. "You can't cum in me. I'm unprotected!"
"Fuck that..." Juan growled, and his pace only seemed to increase.
I snarled now, ignoring the man watching us. "Asshole, I can get pregnant!"
"Like I give a shit..." he replied. His tone was menacing and low, but undoubtedly our voyeur was watching and listening. Juan never broke stride, but his sweat was dripping off of him, now, and large, fat droplets were smearing on my skin, my face, and a couple even across my lips. I had to sputter as his sweat dropped into my mouth, but I couldn't do much else. The man was so disgusting!
His last words, though, pissed me off. Ben wanted me to be compliant, but to willingly have another man's child? That was something I was reserving for two men. Ben and my husband. I took my last defense, and used it as best I could.
I've taken pride in my role as a woman. In life, in family, and in public. Especially in bed. I have no qualms about who I am, and what role men play in my life. I am a girl, I'm not a feminist, and I am proud to be the "fairer sex" as men would say in older times. This also meant I not only dressed in a more feminine fashion, I also kept myself that way. I wore mostly dresses and skirts, even my pants had a more feminine flair. I think I only owned two pairs of blue jeans. Long, soft, auburn hair, and gentle make-up, unless I was asked to look like a bit more exotic, and my nails. Long and sharp. With a gentle touch, they would caress, tease, and tickle. However, with some effort, they could also open envelopes, dig into crevices, give a nasty pinch, and, like now, remove skin.
I didn't have full reach around his back, my arms and shoulders were under his, but I could reach lower, to his low back, and there I grabbed on, hard, and raked his skin with my claws. His back hair was somewhat matted, and I could feel his hair as I dragged my nails hard as I could manage. He gave a loud growl, and then He shifted on me, and gritted his teeth. There was no doubt his back would be sore for a few days, and maybe he would bleed a little. It wasn't a solid victory, but at least I could now report him for sexual assault. If he climaxed in me, I fully intended to do so, now.
The voyeur then grunted, and he must have cum, because I heard him mew, loudly, and then grunt, ahh, shit... shit..." and then the window smacked shut.
The window wasn't the only thing that smacked, and I next saw stars as Juan smacked me across the face, very, very hard. What he lacked in charisma, he made up for in brutality. I was dazed, and lost, my limbs falling limply to the ground, while Juan resumed fucking me. I was beyond vulnerable, now, and at his whim and desire. His desire was to inseminate me, and after what seemed like a few moments, I started to come around, just as he was squealing. My body was being jolted, as his hips rocked his body on top of mine, his cock moving in a frenzy as he was ejaculating. He wasn't anywhere near the bottom of my tunnel, yet his semen was spilling into my garden, each of his thrusts ushering his semen further into me.
I whined as he was doing it.. "no.. no.. no..." my voice no longer quite, but filled with despair. The real fear of pregnancy was with me now. I know I should be safe, but I was somewhat irregular in my cycles. I would be sweating it for the next few weeks. It was with some great relief, when, after what seemed like ten minutes, he finally stopped his thrusts. He had evidently fallen out of me, his shaft grown soft. I couldn't tell much, only that I could breathe again, and my first, real, deep breath, was a luxury. My luxury was short-lived, however, as I again snarled. "You had better pray I'm not pregnant by you, you cocksucker!" I know it wasn't very lady-like, but my anger was at a new height.
"You will be, by the time I'm done..." he snorted, and then he slapped me again, another, equally vicious blow. The stars came out again, and I felt like I was floating. I was, in a way. Juan had started to lift my body, legs first, so he could remove my pants. The wide legs, and slipper satin made it easy, and my blouse, already ripped open, was a sodden mess. Before I could really come around, I was naked, save my heels. I started to turn, to get to my hands and knees, looking up as Juan was on his feet, fastening his pants, while holding my wadded-up clothes.
"I'm in room 2260. I dare you to come get your clothes..." He then waddled off, sated, while I was now kneeling, naked, wet, my pussy matted, a slimy trail of his semen smeared between my thighs, and my skin coated with his sweat and scent. I started to get to my feet, unsteadily, and I made it to the corner of the building, holding on to it as my knees steadied. Then my head lifted, and I muttered softly. "Oh, shit... he has my room key!"