I had an ex-girlfriend, Elise, who claimed to have never masturbated. She said she didn't believe a real "Lady" should EVER masturbate! As a guy, totally into watching women get themselves off, this was disappointing; VERY disappointing. I decided to try to test Elise, to see if she was telling the truth.
Elise was a cute little package, standing about 5'1". She slept in thin nighties and lacy lingerie. Our first night together, it seemed like she was presenting herself as a gift to me, complete with a bow and a rehearsed (rather fake) beauty pageant smile. I secretly found this really funny, and it didn't really have the desired effect, but I do have to admit that she looked damn fine, just the same.
Anyway, if there was one thing she couldn't stand was to leave things unfinished. If I started kissing or touching her and she didn't get to have and orgasm, she was very upset with me. She would turn red as a beet, get very warm, and stay that way until she came. So, on the night in question, I decided to get her worked up and stop prematurely, to see what she would do. I know it sounds mean, but I wanted a girlfriend who masturbated. She wanted me to think she was too pure for that, but judging by how aroused she could get, I felt sure she'd touched herself a time or two!
We were in my bed with the lights out and were watching some classic romance film. I began to kiss her, and I allowed myself to fondle her breasts, slowly playing with the nipples one at a time. I tried to act absentminded about the play, but in reality it was my plan to get her slowly worked up. When touched, she would quickly get worked into a hot frenzy. I slid my hand into her underwear and found her already excitingly wet. She had a small flower-like pussy, with a pronounced clit that would present itself very obviously when she needed attention. She would also flush like no one else when, "excited". Just thinking of sex would cause her to turn beet red. Anyway, her clit quickly became very hard and she got much wetter as soon as I started playing with her. I slid one finger inside of her and slowly moved it in and out, and then around. I did this off and on for the duration of the movie, and she slid further and further down in the bed, pressing herself against my hand. I couldn't see her face well in the light of the TV, but I knew she was flushed, and enjoying the long and drawn out stimulation.
"Now, to stop it and frustrate her to madness," I thought. I stopped and removed my hand.
"I'm sorry, my head is really hurting, I can't do this right now," I said, knowing how mad she was about to be.
"What?! Baby!!" She yelled. "Now I'm all excited..." Her frustration was palpable, and I was aware this plan could backfire on me.
"You could let me watch you masturbate," I suggested.
"I told you I don't do... THAT!" She was irritated!
I apologized again and said I didn't feel well, and needed to sleep because of my head. I allowed her to believe I fell asleep, which could not have been further from the truth. I lay in the semi darkness, very much turned on myself, the blue light of the TV illuminating Elisa's face. She kept watching TV as I "slept".
Finally, from my position in the shadows, pillows, and the comforter, I saw her check to see if I was sleeping. I had my eyes cracked, but in the dull blue TV light she could not tell I was still awake. Once she felt satisfied that I was asleep, I watched as she slid her own hand into her panties. Her eyes moved from the TV and focused on her hand moving in a slow circular motion inside her underwear. She cautiously looked at me again, and decided I was deeply asleep. Her speed picked up and she started rubbing faster... fast enough that her shaking the bed would've awoken me, had I actually been asleep. I could tell by the sound of things that she was getting wetter. When she was really turned on and in a sitting position, she would squirt, not soaking the bed, but just a little splash here and there.
Her breathing got faster, her mouth was open. She watched herself rubbing her clit as if she were either amazed or horrified by how good it felt, but I could tell she had indeed done this before. She began letting out tiny little moans and her hips started moving in a slow circular thrusting motion. When I felt she might finish soon I pretended to wake up. She stopped abruptly and became very still.
"Are you ok?" I asked, acting half asleep.
"Yeah, I'm just... scratching," she said.
"Ok, If you're sure." I rolled over and pretended to close my eyes again.
"Fuck," I heard her whisper. She did NOT swear normally, (too pure for that too supposedly). She waited a few minutes and then started again, this time faster. She tried to not make any sounds but her breath was quick and frantic. Once again, I waited until she started really moving her hips and then I rolled over to face her. She quickly pulled her hand from her panties. In the dark, I rose up and slid my hand into her underwear and between her legs. I found her so wet that my fingers slid inside of her more easily than usual. I fingered her slowly, then picking up speed, letting the heal of my hand rock on her clit. She was making great sounds now, her hips really moving with my rhythm. She came quickly and then again almost instantly. I removed her panties and got on top of her.
"Please do it," was all she could say. I fucked her fast but easily, she was so wet as to not give any resistance. She spread her legs wide so that could do it swiftly, the rhythmic thumping of my old bed frame threatening to wake the dead.
"I want you to cum, now!" She whispered. I hesitated, but couldn't resist the temptation and did as she asked. Afterwards, I lay beside her in the glow for a moment, us both very warm.
We never spoke about what she was doing that night. I knew she'd be too shy and embarrassed. It was enough for me to know she would masturbate if excited enough, even if she maintained the lie that she did not. Catching her brought its own thrill, and that night was probably the most exciting one we shared.