My name is Todd. I am a 'Middle America', male W.A.S.P. who...sigh...finally hit forty. Actually it was over a year ago now. Lynn, is my best friend, my college girlfriend, my bride, mother of my children, and for anyone that has been reading our stories, now my partner in both participation and writing of these exploits. Seriously, she doesn't believe me but her story was hot. Of course I am biased by visual memories to go along with it, but still...damn.
Anyway I am off track. Great start. If this is your first exposure—pun intended—to our Adventures, Lynn and I have been married for over two decades. We met and married in college and I didn't even have to get her pregnant until a few years later. Our first decade together was full of great sex because we were hot and in our twenties. The second decade was better because we became comfortable with each other and after an anniversary trip to Vegas began exploring a little roleplaying that grew into some mild BDSM and Exhibitionism.
A few stories back I mentioned how we celebrated Lynn's fortieth birthday with a little kidnapping fantasy of hers. This time it's my turn. Well not to be kidnapped, in fact I wasn't really sure what my forty fantasy was going to be. It was less than a week before my birthday and a Saturday night. The oldest boy had started his freshman year at a University close enough to visit over the weekend, but far enough away to not live at home. The fifteen year old was in the basement desperate to avoid contact with his parents. Lynn and I were curled up on the couch watching a movie.
Even after two decades together we still had separate interests in movies. We alternated genres and it was my turn, so we were thirty minutes into Chronicles of the Ghostly Tribe. A Chinese action fantasy with subtitles. As you might image my bride was slightly bored.
"What do you want for your fantasy next week?" She asked.
"What?" Again, trying to focus on the show but realizing I was probably going to have rewind it.
"Your birthday?"
"Oh....okay, how about a blowjob?" It might say something about my frame of mind that I was still trying to keep up with the film.
"Think bigger. You're going to be forty. What is your fantasy? I got mine...silly voices and all."
I scowled but ignored the jab. "Okay, forty blowjobs."
Lynn leaned up and turn to look at me with a glint in her eye. "I would probably kill you trying. Never mind, I'll think of something myself."
She scooted down to lay on the couch her head resting in my lap. I didn't get to regain my place in the movie as I felt a couple finger tips stroking my cock through the sleep pants I was wearing.
"You know it's not my birthday, right?"
"Yeah, just bored with the movie."
Lynn's hand slid into the fly, two of her fingers and thumb wrapping around my penis and gently pulling it free from the fabric that covered it.
"And we are not alone in the house?"
"Mm hmm." Lynn lifted her head and positioned my penis next to her lips. I couldn't see but felt the butterfly kiss on the tip followed by a wet tongue encircling the head. "I can hear him coming up the stairs before he gets to the kitchen."
Lynn's forefinger and thumb formed a ring around the crown and squeezed gently down my shaft, slowly, pulling the foreskin tight. At the base she relaxed, gliding back up to repeat the move. All the time her head hovered over the glans, kissing and licking it like a candy treat. Never taking me inside her mouth. She was teasing me and loving it. Not just the lack of penetrating her mouth but in her current position I couldn't see what she was doing and as you will learn, like most guys, I am a very visual individual.
The movie was forgotten and my member was throbbing in her hands. I couldn't take it anymore and my right hand ran through her silky brown hair, rested at the back on her skull and pulled her head gently onto my penis. She only took in a little more than the glans, a limit of her lying on my lap, but her remaining fingers encircled the shaft maintaining the excruciatingly slow rhythm.
My left hand was on her rear, kneading the soft flesh under her over-sized t shirt. I grabbed the edge pulling it up. Lynn lifted to let the garment slid up into a bunch around her shoulders.
"What about your concern about being interrupted?" She asked but did nothing to impede the exposure of her breasts.
I enjoyed the partial view at least as I ran my hand under left breast, supporting it as I ran my thumb across her nipple. If you haven't read past stories and don't already have the picture in your head, Lynn is close to a C cup and for a woman in her early forties who has had the attention of two hungry babies and a husband is still amazingly firm. Her pale skin is even lighter on her breasts which makes her dusky pink areolas stand out, which with a diameter close to a silver dollar becomes literal when stimulated. And my thumb was providing just the right amount of stimulus so I got to feel her nipple pull together and extend.
That wasn't all that was extending. I was hard as a rock in Lynn's grasp as she sucked on the glans paying close attention to the underside with her tongue. I could feel myself getting closer. The selfish part of me wanted to force myself to calm down and make this last by I wasn't the one whose neck was probably at an uncomfortable angle.
It didn't matter. Lynn lifted her head up.
"What?" I asked a little too breathy.
Lynn calmly pulled her shirt down again to her waist and grabbed a pillow off the top of the couch and placing it over my lap before laying back down on said pillow.
I heard the pantry door open in the kitchen, then close after a few seconds. Then the refrigerator door opened. The fifteen year old had crawled out of the family room.
"Whatcha need sweetie?" Lynn asked in a nonplussed voice.
"Nothing."
The Fridge closed and the pantry opened again. I kept my mouth shut because I realized biting his head off wouldn't be fair to the kid; he didn't realize what he interrupted. That and telling her son to get lost would probably not do much to maintain Lynn's amorous mood.
"Apples are in the crisper..."
"Nah."
"...Or there's chips left in the bag on counter." Lynn offered.
The bag rustled and in walked my youngest. He glanced at the television, still playing the movie I would have to watch again later and asked, "What's that."
Lynn answered, "One of your Dad's foreign films. Wanna join us?"
Considering I was exposed and still hard as a rock under the pillow you might wonder about this offer, but we both knew the answer. No self-respecting teenager is going to spend that much time with his parents.
He glanced over at us and I could see the disgrace in his look. Lynn was completely decent and from his perspective just laying on my lap. Still that was bordering into realms no man, let alone a teenager, wants to think about his mother.
"No. I'm getting ready to start the new season of Diablo with Ken. You want to build a new character Mom?"
The question wasn't a slight to me, I just didn't game. Lynn did however, it was in her words, "a way to build another tie into the boy's world."
"Not tonight sweetie, I'll build one this weekend and you can help me catch up."
"Kay. Night." And with that he bounded back downstairs.
"Thank God." I said quietly.
"He's just lonely with Brandon out. He's still getting used to the idea his brother is going to be gone most of the time now."
The door downstairs shut and for the next five minutes I watched the movie that I was hopelessly lost following. Then Lynn sat up.
"Game should be going now." She moved the pillow to show that half-time had left me limp. "Looks like I need to start over."
She pulled her t-shirt off, dropping it on the floor, and got on her hands and knees on the couch beside me and brought her mouth down to slowly inhale my member.
Caring Mom to Sex Kitten in less than four seconds. God, I loved that woman.
Lynn, still on her hands and knees, using only her mouth took me in so that her lips were resting on my crotch. She was breathing through her nose and I could feel her tongue working along as much of my shaft as it could touch. I could also feel myself steadily growing inside her mouth. In fairness, as I've said before I am basically around six inches on a good day and regardless of what Lynn wrote not the girth of a monster either.
That said, as I slowly enlarged my way toward her throat, Lynn made no movement outside of that warm, little tongue.
As I became hard I found myself unable to stop a slow, gentle thrusting motion—although I was not going to get further into her mouth. Her left hand rested on my leg, a silent request to hold off. A couple minor coughs confirmed the feeling of tightness on the head as it passed into her throat. She held it only a second before pulling off to get a breath.
Lynn looked up at me, saliva dripping from her lip. She kissed me chastely then whispered in my ear. "Hold my head where you want it and thrust into my mouth till you finish."
My right hand ran through her hair holding it tightly, but not painfully, and pulling her head back. She smiled and I moved her down onto my cock, just a couple inches and then stopped letting my hips push my penis further in and back out.
My left hand started with playing with her breast, swaying back and forth with the motion. But I went further down reaching between her legs and slipped my hand under her panties. As I expected she was wet, excited with the act even if she was not being directly stimulated. I changed that however and began rubbing her clit with my two fingers. Her reaction was twofold, I could feel the fleshy nub harden at my touch and she tried to pull up on my penis.
I held her in place as she had asked and I heard what might have been words trying to find a way around my member. I really wanted to try and get her off so skipped any teasing and flicked at her clit like it was a switch. I would never recommend that if it wasn't for the fact that Lynn's motor had already accelerated by the act of giving me a blowjob.
I however was trying not to finish, now motivated to see her cum more than make my own pleasure last. But our actions were building on each other. As she got more excited, Lynn's head began to bob down on me making my control weaken.
In turn I became more aggressive with my rubbing. Luckily, Lynn was providing enough bodily fluids on both ends to keep us from being sore.
Lynn's legs squeezed together and she made a mewling sound, both signs she was close. But the noise triggered me and I felt the surge. I pushed her head down and flooded her mouth before she took me down her throat.
With two decades experience together we have gotten very good and climaxing together and the release of my semen in her mouth finished the job for my fingers and she let out a shudder and a deep throated moan before she pulled off me coughing but was finally able to swallow.
It took her a minute to get her breath. "This was supposed to be a freebie." Lynn said grabbing her t-shirt to slide it on.
"What can I say, I like making you whimper and shake."
Lynn smiled and got up. "Likewise, but at least one of us needs to be on alert for company even if it was doubtful. When you get me worked up like that it has to be you. I get the feeling it may not have been."
I was readjusting myself and said nothing.
"Oh well, one down, thirty-nine to go." She said.
"Seriously?"
"No. I'll think of something." She walked into the kitchen and I grabbed the remote to start rewinding the movie.
It was Halloween that next week that would provide Lynn with her inspiration for my fantasy. Halloween was on a Wednesday and we were invited to an Adult Halloween party. No not that adult, just kid free. Most participants were close to our age with just a few younger couples. Most in that younger range had kids that were prime trick or treating age and otherwise occupied. Our youngest planned on staying home to study—also known as texting 500 times with his not quite girlfriend since Lynn thought he was too young to date.
I was dressed as Thor. With my 6'4" height and blonde hair I could pull it off kinda thanks to growing out my beard a little for the winter. I had also started going to a gym that summer to work off some work related stress—although the real stress was yet to come. I had lost some weight and gained some muscle. Looking back however I might have been better off eating out more and trying for 'Fat' Thor, although no one would have gotten the joke till the next summer.
Lynn wouldn't tell me what she was dressing as for the party. She said she was okay with not going for a couples theme so I let it go and put together my own outfit with a helmet, prop hammer, and a very uncomfortable leather outfit.
I called Lynn to get ready and she came down the stairs. She was wearing a long platinum blonde wig, high heels, and a trench coat.
"Sexy Flasher?" I asked.
"Lady Godiva." She held up an old fashioned stick horse that I had not noticed. Go figure.
I nodded, "Glad we avoided the theme then, not sure how I'd dress for Pepping Tom."
"Actually, as my husband you would be Earl Leofric, who the Lady rebelled against for the sake of her people." She walked past me grabbing her purse and heading to the garage.
"Huh. Medieval Jerk or Avenger. Tough call." I had a thought and asked. "You are dressed underneath that right?"
"What do you think?"
Her tone was incredulous, asking how I could think that of her. The smirk she gave me however left me wondering as she walked out before I could ask for confirmation.
"I driving," she said.
It was her friend's house so I didn't question any ulterior motive. It only took about ten minutes but since we got a late start, we were late. The cul-de-sac was full and Lynn parked several house down. It was a late party so the sidewalks were empty, the kids already done trick or treating. I didn't realize that Lynn had picked a spot away from the two street lights.
Until the automatic door locks clicked.
"I want a quickie before we go in." Her hands were already working at the zipper on my pants.
I glanced around and didn't see anyone, most of the houses had curtains drawn for the evening and the party was three houses down. I brought up a few arguments for caution but my bride had plausible answers for each and by the time she had me out of the leather pants I was having trouble thinking of reasons.
When her mouth enveloped my slowly hardening member I was done arguing.
She was not taking it slow or gentle. She alternated between her mouth and hand working to get me erect. It didn't take long.
"Move your seat back."
I did, and it slid back far enough that we were almost in the back seat.
Lynn crawled over the console, glancing around as she straddled me. She pulled her trench coat up to reveal she at least had no panties on. She grabbed my penis with her right hand and position me directly below her vagina. She lowered herself enough that the glans separated her labia and she moved her hand and continued down on me slowly.
"Oh my God of Thunder."
Her hands went to my shoulders and she began rocking on me. I grabbed the tie of the trench coat and pulled it loose to reveal she was indeed nude under it. I reached for her breasts, groping them roughly as I felt her nipples harden at the treatment. She leaned forward, kissing me hard, her tongue shooting into my mouth as her hands held my head up against hers. She finally pulled back, her breathing had sped up.
I glanced down at her breasts swaying as she rocked back and forth on me.
"Need a better view?" Lynn asked. She glanced around again and slipped the trench coat off her shoulders and pushing the mid back length hair from the wig behind her. "With me exposed like this we need to be quick. Can you be quick for me, baby?"
I didn't get to answer.
"Stop, hold still." Lynn leaned into me.
"What?"
"Light came on across the street, one house behind us."
I turned enough to see a man, come out the front door in a robe with a small dog on a leash. The dog hit the grass, did its business and the man called it back in. A few seconds later the light went out.
Okay we were pressing our luck. "You should slip the coat back on and we should probably head in, or even head home since you are basically wanting to attend this party naked." I did not want to suggest this, my penis was throbbing inside Lynn as
I fought the urge to thrust again. Maybe I could talk Lynn into going home and finishing.
But the close call seemed to send Lynn into high gear. She shook her head. "I'll be completely covered in the party, more that most ladies. But I'm not ready yet."
She bit her lip and even in the dark I could see her cheeks color. "I want to feel you release inside me and fill me up. Please."
She started rocking back and forth on me, "Can you do that baby? Can you give me a big load if I keeping riding this big cock?"
Lynn's face and neck were crimson. If this is your first time with one of our adventures, I can tell you that normally, as in almost constantly, Lynn is not comfortable with dirty talk. Profanity is out, but even using the word cock was unheard of. Naked, having sex in a parked car in public. No problem. Talking like this to her husband of two decades, she was brazen indeed. She wasn't great at it; but it was nothing a little practice couldn't make better.
"Are you my little car slut?"
She nodded, the gasped, "Yes."
"And what are you doing?" I put my hands under her thighs and helped her to lift up and back down to go along with the rocking motion.
"R...Riding you." Her eyes were closed.
"And making your tits bounce for me?"
She nodded, some the hair from the wig falling across her face.
"Then if you want me to cum in your pussy, you look at me and tell me what you are and what you are doing." Honestly it was all I could do to no lose my load already, but if she wanted to talk dirty for me I was going to give her the chance.
Lynn pushed the loose hair out of her face, and with her cheeks reddening with each word lock eyes on me and said, "You like having your little car slut bounce on your cock and have her tits out for the world to see? Do you? If so, please cum in me. Please."
She sped up her motion on my member but it wasn't necessary. The first please had been too much.
She felt the release and grinned at me as she kept working up and down me.
"Good boy. Give me every little drop, thrust it in."
I did a few more times before my body relaxed. Lynn lifted off me and moved back to her seat. With some effort she got the trench coat back on, fastened and tied off. She got her horse from the back seat and said, "We need to head in."
I had worked myself back into the leather pants, grabbed my helmet and hammer and opened the door. Lynn came around the car and took my arm.
"So thirty-eight to go?"
"Nope. I just needed a quickie. But, I do know what I'm going to do for your birthday now."
"What?"
She just grinned. We took a couple more steps before Lynn stopped.
"Problem?" I asked.
"Little one. I need to freshen up in the bathroom when we get there. Let's just say I don't want to leave any DNA in the carpet."
"Ah," didn't really have any other comment for that.
We got to the door, knocked and it opened. The Hostess, dressed as a sexy pirate and doing a decent job pulling it off ushered us in.
"Who do we have tonight?" She asked.
Lynn answered, "Todd is the God of Thunder and I'm Lady Godiva." She did a mock curtsy.
I glanced around and almost every set of eyes locked on Lynn. At first I thought maybe her coat came undone, but it was buttoned all the way up and tied securely at her waist accenting her hourglass figure. It was odd, Lynn was completely covered from clavicle to calf, but it was the idea that maybe she was naked under that trench coat that was sexier than any pirate or nurse costume. Little did they know she was.
Our hostess welcomed us and went back to party. Conversations started again but I kept seeing Lynn getting glances from the men...and different glances from the women.
I leaned into to whisper in her ear, "You are not going to make many friends tonight."
She seemed a little taken back but nodded, "If you'll excuse me, I need to freshen up."
The party ended up being okay. A couple of Lynn's closest friends warmed up and as the night went on the glances became more subtle.
I really wished they had waited and had the party on the weekend instead of Halloween proper. I was exhausted the next morning. We got home at a decent time but being nude all night had Lynn ready to go and I did not get to sleep till well after midnight.
Yeah, I know, poor me having to have more sex with my hot wife. In my defense I do get up at 5:30 am. Okay, I'm not sorry.
The next couple days the only clue I might have gotten was being told to not open any packages that arrived, although since Lynn gets home before me that usually isn't a problem. My birthday that Friday, came and went with no big surprise. We had our normal date night and I did get a birthday blowjob but afterwards was told it was not thirty-seven to go. I wasn't convinced. It seemed like we were counting down.
You might be wondering why I skipped that evening in this text. Although it included some fun role playing I decided to focus on some of our more exhibitionistic trysts for this story.
The remainder of the weekend was fairly normal outside of not being allowed to get the mail. It actually made for a fun couple days of anticipation. But Monday arrived without my big surprise and I headed into work assuming that it would be Friday before anything happened.
A text from Lynn around nine o'clock broke that assumption. She asked what I was doing.
I replied, Not much. I was fairly certain she didn't care that I was rerunning some job loads that had gone down over the weekend.
Taking day off. Kid gone to school. Back in bed. Pulled up gown and playing with myself.
Need help?
Definitely Later. Pulled off gown so I can rub some lotion on my breasts. You working hard? She added a laughing smiley face to her intended pun.
Something like that.
Now I'm sliding in a vibrator while I think about what you're going to do to me later
When? There was probably a bit of urgency in that one word reply as I'm sure she intended it to be...
Can you take half day off? Head out around Noon? OMG, if you could hear me right now.
Three hours. God help me my morning was shot, but I realized she had a timetable and I was better off waiting. Deal. Do I need anything? I added a kissing smiley face.
It was eight minutes before she replied. I know because I barely stopped watching my phone long enough to submit the next job incorrectly.
Sorry, hard to type back when fingers are busy helping me climax. All you need is in the back seat of your car. See you soon, ready for real thing now.
If I was twenty I would have been heading to the men's room. As it was, I decided it was best to stay at my desk for a while. I resubmitted the second job correctly this time, made sure someone could take over and submitted my time off. Luckily I didn't have to give the reason why.
At five till Noon I headed out early, not willing to wait longer. Got in my car and twisted around. Sure enough there was a box with a folder on top of it. Lynn must have put it in my car the night before. It was dark driving into work, there had been little chance of me noticing it. Taped to the folder was a handwritten note.
"Happy Birthday to my Husband, Lover and Best Friend. When we dated years ago you joked about being my white knight, today you get the chance to be the black knight. Your Forty Fantasy is to role play a favorite hentai. Waze has instructions of where to go, you can get ready there and come find me."
Where to go? I had assumed that would be to my house where I would change into whatever the box contained in my garage before going inside. Sure enough Waze (a GPS free app which is incredible if you don't know about it) sent a notification at Noon that I had a twenty-three minute trip ahead of me and to head due south. I logged in and saw that I was heading for a county park that was about ten miles southwest of town next to a small lake. I opened up the folder to find print outs, nearly two dozen, of the muse for this fantasy along with hand written notes. Lynn's roleplay was very much play by ear as all good roleplay is, but she also liked to flesh out the back story of our games. I glanced through the folder and notes but stopped short of opening the package. I started to car and followed the GPS.
Before going forward I want to give some heads up on muse for this next role play.
Regardless of being a 'favorite' of mine, I actually don't really care for hentai. I see it like offering wax fruit to a hungry man. Not that I am an aficionado of real humans porn. In fact porn is limited to sites like literotica when we are at home. With teenage boys in the house Lynn takes, rightly so, the Mother Bear stance on keeping that at bay. We might watch the occasional movie (using Lynn's restrictions of real plot and maybe actual acting) on vacation but never at the house.
What Lynn had printed was a series of computer animated scenes depicting a knight and his captured elf maiden. In fact I only came across it while...downloading...one of my foreign films that had never made it stateside. The sites that...assist...in those endeavors always seem to contain mature advertising and once I came across the image of a elf maiden, chained to a wall, her chin being held up by the hand of someone standing over her. Lynn saw my screen and asked what I was doing. I mentioned it was an ad, but it caught her attention. Lynn had me try to find out more. Typing 'elf maiden chained to wall' into google was quite ineffective. Apparently the internet loves tying up elves. We tried cruder searches that brought up images that were most definitely not hentai and Lynn started having eye problems...green-eyed monster problems specifically. I dropped it but a couple weeks later Lynn called me over and showed a second ad she had come across. This time I searched by myself and found several images, one of which I traced back to a site that had the whole series and a couple others.
The creator goes by Haento, or that is my guess, I saw that name(?) associated with this work on different sites during my search. Unlike most hentai the characters are not ridiculously sized, and the artist attempts photo realism although like almost all CG the faces look inhuman. With an elf maiden that kinda works. Don't ask about the knight. The setting for the images is a classical roman pool with lots of marble.
My destination had no marble, but it had a lot of hiking trails with small shelters along them for picnicking. I could guess that my bride was feeling daring again, although I would have been fine with the role playing being done at our house with the guys each in their respective schools. Still I know the best part of any fantasy was making sure it hit bullet points for both participants. A little domination for me, a little exhibition for Lynn.
I arrived at the park to find it accessible but closed. The lagoon and beach area would have shut down around Labor Day, camping closed later in September. But with fall foliage it was possible to have hikers until the first snow. I drove to the beach house and parked. I opened the package and found my Halloween costume minus the hammer.
"Okay." I went into the men's bathroom and changed into the leather pants and shirt. I decide to forego the boots if I was hiking, and the note in the package said to head to the Osage trail so I was hiking.
I got back into the car and drove to the trail. It was one of the shorter ones and ran along the western shore before doubling back into the woods. I pulled up to find Lynn's SUV parked and thankfully no other vehicle. I glanced over the images and the notes Lynn wrote on them to get an idea what she was planning. But I soon became impatient and got out of the car, locking it.
I started down the trail heading through the woods. As I walked I couldn't help but think about how open this was, the risk it entailed. I was also surprised that I had yet to find her as I sped up and reached the midway point. Just past that was a shelter overlooking the lake.
And that is where Lynn waited...The elf maiden princess who was being sacrificed to the human knight to save her people.
She had her Godiva wig on again, although she had added pink highlights. Over the years Lynn had gotten very good at wearing wigs. None of her auburn hair showed and nothing short of concerted effort could remove it. The hair was brushed back from her face and ears, the latter of which were pointed. I found out later she had ordered them online and it took effort to see how they were attached. Her make-up was accented to be exotic but below what Lynn called high-end escort.
The remainder of her costume consisted of a white lace choker, a matching shawl that was draped over her shoulders and falling down her torso to her upper thigh, and a pair of white lace, thigh-high stockings. That was it. The shawl covered Lynn's breast but the curve of them and the dark circle of her nipples still showed through the thin material. It did not cover her pubic region, the two ends pulling apart to expose a smooth skinned playground, and when she shifted her legs, an invitation to much more.
She did have one other accoutrement. White fur handcuffs, surrounding her wrists and lopped over a bolt meant for lanterns and fastening her to one of the wooden post holding up the shelter. The bolt was high enough that I was surprised she got the cuffs over it. It was pulling her arms taunt above her head, her breasts drawn up and keeping her heels from touching down, hence the shifting of her legs.
I was the Black Knight who had lead a successful campaign against her people and she had been given to me, willingly, as a peace offering. A chance to bring our two nations together under a single heir. I was to have my way with her, before finally impregnating her (Thank God that was pure fantasy now). It was constructed off the drawings but she had added that I could free-style if I like.
So the first thing I said was, "What the hell are you thinking?"
"My Lord?" She was staying in character.
"Isn't this a bit risky?" I walked toward her, concerned about where we were but still so turned on it was taking concerted effort not to take her immediately.
My elf maiden rolled her eyes and slipped her left hand from the cuff—it had an easy release. "The risk is calculated and minimum my love."
I pointed behind me to the small lake. "Anyone floating by could see you, anyone coming up the trail."
It seemed to take a little effort but Lynn pushed away the annoyance, choosing to save the moment. "The risk of discovery is there, the risk of identification is miniscule. It is Monday afternoon in November, there will be few hikers this time of year, even less traffic on the water. From the shelter I can see anyone coming from the north side through that break in the foliage."
She pointed across and I realized I could see the trail but had not noticed it walking in since I had my back to the spot.
"And coming from the south side you would have to be almost to the shelter to see me. The trails are filled with leaves and branches. I could hear you coming from the moment you left the parking lot." She pointed back to the picnic table inside the shelter. A lump of yellow fabric set on the edge. "I have a jogging outfit I can slip into on a moment's notice." She grinned, looking me up and down, "You might find your outfit is a little harder to explain...my Lord."
I glanced around, she had done her homework; no less than I had when I had kidnapped her a few years back. There was the chance of being seen, but that was the thrill, probably more for her than me, but little chance of being identified.
I gripped Lynn's chin, "Does my new prize have a problem with how I'm dressed?"
A slight smile formed on Lynn's face then vanished as she went back into character. "No my Lord. I am here as a gift from my people, my father the liege. It is his hope that I might produce you an heir that will bring our nations together."
I ran my hand down the side of her face and neck, brushing the back of my hand against the thick lace that covered her left breast. "So I'm to breed you. Let's see what we have to work with here."
I pulled the lace shawl off her and tossed it to the ground. She stood there before me nude except the lace leggings and other trimming, including the cuffs that she had refastened around her wrists. Her nipples were taunt in the cool afternoon breeze, in fact I realized that Lynn was trying not to shake...cold, excitement, and maybe fear?
"You need to be warmed, Princess?" I asked in character but concerned for her.
She gave a little shake of the head, "No my Lord."
I reached out to grab her right breast, cupping it as I rubbed her nipple with my thumb. I expanded my focus, gently massaging the luscious flesh in by hand. I moved my hand down to brush the smooth pubic region with my fingertips, making a point to not touch her lower. I stepped around her, my hand trailing around her hip to first rest and then squeeze her buttock. I finished with a hard slap that caused her to step forward before returning back to her position.
"Not bad Princess, I believe I can find quite a bit a pleasure in bedding you...but do you know what you're doing?"
She looked up at me, "As part of my royal training I am well versed in biology and procreation. And I have been made ready for you."
"Made ready?" I stepped up and cupped her groin, this time pushing past her labia—she was already very wet—and inserting a finger inside her. She let out a little gasp. "Yep, you appear to be ready. But are you telling me you have no experience?"
"Physical experience? No my Lord."
"You even see a man outside a book?"
She bit her lip, shaking her head slightly. Lynn was a master of feigning innocence.
I rested my hands on her shoulder, easing her onto her knees. I tried to make sure she was kneeling on grass. A stray rock on the kneecap would kill the game. "On your knees Princess so you can get a good view."
I undid the belt and zipper on my pants and pulled them apart enough to expose myself. Besides being the most logical start to our game, it was also a relief. I was so erect it was uncomfortable in the leather covering. My member protruded out, inches from Lynn's face.
Quietly Lynn said, "My Lord, the size of it."
That was sweet and nice for the ego. I stepped up, "Open your mouth Princess and stick out that cute little pink tongue."
She did so and I stepped closer grabbing the base of the shaft to guide it. First across the wet tongue, letting the feel of it run across my frenulum and down under the shaft, then running the glans across her lips. Lynn was having trouble staying in character and found herself sucking on the glans occasionally or voluntarily running her tongue and lips down my member. I didn't complain.
Finally I couldn't stand it anymore and pushed in.
Lynn was not going to be able to be passive, it was too much for her so I came up with a reason for her to be aggressive in swallowing my cock. "If you want my seed Princess, you need to help me build it up to release in you."
Lynn pulled off, "Is this how I do it, my Lord."
I nodded. "Taking me in as far as you can, and bob that pretty little head up and down my manhood until I tell you to stop." If I told her to stop.
"As my Lord wishes." Lynn's hand came up to hold me at the base and she slowly licked me up and down before taking me into her mouth again and proceeded to bounce her choker covered little neck on me.
It didn't take long for my hands to reach for her head but careful of the ears. I glanced around at where I was, what I was doing and realized I had to be careful. It was almost more than I could bear considering Lynn was not letting up. Still I closed my eyes again relishing in the sensation as the breeze blew across my face.
I think Lynn realized I was closer than I even thought. It could have been any signal...from my balls tightening up to the increased pressure on her hair from my grip. With probably a little more effort that should have been needed she pulled away from my grip.
"My Lord, if you discharge your seed in my mouth I will not be able to conceive."
That would be my wife, in character, reminding me that I was not twenty and if I lost control, which was a reasonable possibility, I wouldn't be able to just keep going with a little more foreplay. Lynn, naked in public, on her knees servicing me wasn't a bad way to finish off my Forty Fantasy but I really needed to hear her at least whimpering if not screaming.
"Indeed princess." I pushed her head back onto me relishing the feel of her tongue writhing under my member. Lynn made no more effort to hold back, working even harder on my shaft. The temptation was strong but I did not thrust. I pulled out and reached down for the chain on the cuffs. "Then it is time to enjoy the other pleasures this body offers."
I helped her up and carefully backed her up to the shelter. I know my character may not have been concerned with his gift stepping on rocks, but I was. The good news was the shelter was on a concrete slab and once Lynn stepped up onto it I didn't have to be as concerned with her cutting her feet. Maybe the Elven Princess should have worn sneakers? Something to bring up in the after show.
I lifted Lynn's arms up and although she had to stretch was able to hook the chain over the post. I turned her away from me toward the post. The fabric on the cuffs themselves protected her wrists, but doing so caused the chain to shorten and Lynn found herself on her tiptoes. It gave a nice lift to both her breasts, which I reached around to fondle, and her derriere which I rubbed up against.
As I did so I heard a soft purr escape my toy's lips. She has said in the past that she doesn't mind giving me the occasion freebie, but it was apparent that being out in the open like this, used for my pleasure had gotten her excited.
"You want me inside you Princess?"
I got an enthusiastic nod.
"What was that?"
A smile formed, my bride knew what I wanted to hear, "Please, my Lord."
Trouble was I was not ready to give her that yet. My hands released her breasts and slid down her smooth abs, around her sides and came to grip her rear. I ran my right hand down between her thighs, just parting her and inserting one finger partially. Lynn's hips grinded against me.
"You seem somewhat wanton, my chaste Princess."
"I am as you make me, my Lord."
Nice reply. My hand moved up to brush against her clit which was also enflamed. She let out a little gasp.
According to the source, this is where I entered her and continued in various standing positions until I climaxed within her. I decided to go off script. I brought my left hand around her, resting on top of her labia, holding her in place. The right gripped the base of my shaft and I aimed it for her anus.
With no lubricate, natural or otherwise, it wasn't the easiest entry but I pushed in. Lynn tensed up, which didn't really help and after an initial gasp there was some sounds of discomfort from deep in her throat. But no safe words, no requests to stop.
Once I was completely in I brought my other hand around to grab her breasts, holding her against me.
"My Lord, this will not...conceive the heir...either."
I leaned into the pointed ear, fighting the urge to nibble on it since I was afraid it would come off. "If I am to deflower you Princess, I should make sure I do the job completely. There is still time for your heir."
I began to pull out a little and thrust back in. Slowly but building. I also switched my hands so my left was playing with her nipples and my dominate slid between the fleshy folds of her vagina and with just a little work rested on her clit. I began to rub it, barely brushing the tip at first then harder.
Normally I prefer much more teasing when it came to clit play. I loved working Lynn up until she was at the point that just touching the sensitive nub with my finger or tongue could have her screaming. But this time I was at a disadvantage.
Lynn really didn't like anal, she endured it as a 'wifely duty' but that was all. I had finally decided that I would see if I could improve her view of it by making sure any time I took her anally she got at least a small orgasm, most likely clitoral unless I was able to have a dildo available. Since I felt like I was on a limited time window due to our location and the position of Lynn being stretched out I had to be more aggressive. It may not have been as much fun, but it would hopefully be just as effective.
Sure enough, even as I had worked my penetrations up to a fairly regular rhythm and my right forefinger was getting tired, I could begin to see the fruits of my labor. Lynn's breath had quickened and I could see her legs quiver.
She let out a squeal that in the open seemed much louder than it probably was. I stopped thrusting, looking around to see no one. Lynn's legs shook causing her to lose her balance, but with my arms around her I was able to keep her from falling.
Hitting the post or slab would have definitely ended play time. Lynn's legs slowly quit shaking and she was able to get her footing under her again. I pulled out to a sigh of relief from my elven maiden.
I turned her around and pushed her back against the post. I spread her legs with my foot and then surprised her by kneeling down in front of her. This had not happened in the slideshow that had inspired Lynn, but too bad, it was my fantasy and I could do what I wanted. Not that I thought she really minded.
I reached around and grabbed her rear holding her against my face while I took first one inner lip into my mouth, playing with it using my tongue then starting again with the other. I glanced up to see my elven maiden's eyes were closed and she was biting her lip in anticipation of what I would do next. And after two decades together I wasn't going to disappoint her.
Unlike when I had used my finger, the tip of my tongue lightly circled her erect clit. Lynn's hips began to move and I had to hold her still as my tongue continued to work around her clit, only touching it accidentally. She was straining against the cuffs trying to bring her hands down on my head. To her credit she did not release them.
A shiver reminded me that along with pleasure it was getting much cooler out as the sun moved across the sky and my wife was naked. I formed my lips into a small o shape, taking her clit between them and sucked. A loud hiss escaped Lynn and I separated my lips and started running my tongue quickly across her clit. It didn't take long before her breath sped up and her hips were moving quicker against my face. I stopped just short of her legs beginning to quiver and stood. I wanted to finish together but in a standing position that was going to be difficult without giving her the head start.
This next part I was actually quite proud of myself. I stood, but kept my right index finger barely rubbing Lynn as I did. I kissed her long, my tongue invading her mouth as my free left hand held her face in place by cupping her jawline. My body was against her, pushing her up to the wooden post, and my member was firmly between her outer lips, just unable to enter her without pulling back for a better angle due to our height difference.
I pulled away maintaining the action of both of my hands. "Grab hold of the iron bar."
Lynn had been struggling to get me inside her and it took a moment for her to comply. Lynn had to stretch to reach and her fingers barely hooked it. Good enough, I would help her get a better grip.
I dropped character, "If this bothers you tell me."
I moved my hands down to grasp the back side of her thighs, just below the buttock and lifted her off the ground and positioned her above my penis. As I hoped she was now able to grip the bar firmly keeping her from sliding to either side. With her back against the post, I was able to hold her up...at least for a while.
Although not my goal when I started working out, it was satisfying none the less. A year earlier this probably would not have been feasible.
As I slowly brought Lynn down the length of my shaft she let out an, "Oh my Lord." I have no idea if that was in character or not. I enjoyed it either way. She looked at me surprised at the position, a wicked smile on her face.
I didn't trust myself to use my arms to lift her off and on me. It was enough to just hold her up, using the post for leverage, and thrust with my hips. It didn't take long and I could feel her trying to join me, which felt great but put more strain on my arms.
"We are going to need to switch to the table." I said a little breathless
Her eyes tight shut, Lynn begged out of character, "Just a little more baby, please."
To her credit I noticed her grip on the rod tighten, trying to help. Due to swimming, her core strength was easily better than my own.
It helped enough. My arms were burning but I kept going. I had an idea that would speed her along.
"You better hurry babe, I can hear voices on the trail." I did not, if I had I would have stopped immediately and gotten her dressed, but Lynn had a very vivid imagination and the idea of being caught was a potent aphrodisiac. "You're going to get caught out here, naked, chained to this post, begging me to keep ramming my cock into you. You are begging right?"
She was flushing down to her breasts but silent. I paused and pulled out, leaving just the head in her. Not the best move since I needed to keep our hips in close contact to distribute the weight. Fortunately I did not have to hold my bluff.
"Please." She said, a little louder that I was really comfortable with but I began thrusting again and used it to my advantage.
"Oh they heard that Princess, they're going to be turning the corner of that trail just in time to see you cum aren't they. You want them to see you cumming, don't you?"
No response. I switched to a hard, rough thrust trying to ignore my arms and back.
"Don't you?"
"Yessssss!" Lynn was bucking against me and I had to just hold on to keep from dropping her. Her legs quaked and I found my second wind to thrust again.
Thankfully it only took me a few seconds to join her. As I released she actually pulled herself up a little, arching her back. Luckily not enough for me to slide out.
With our release, I was done in all ways. I pulled out and lowered—okay maybe dropped—Lynn's thighs. Luckily she still had hold of the rod to keep herself upright. Her legs were nearly as useless as my arms were.
"This is definitely the fantasy of a much younger man." I said.
Lynn grinned at me and shivered. "A much younger you wouldn't have been able to last long enough for me to finish."
"Touché."
I helped my Bride get her feet under her and she slipped out of the cuffs. When I was sure she wouldn't fall over I gave her the sweat suit. "Probably should get going, you were kinda loud."
"Your fault."
I couldn't help but smile at that. I managed to get myself back into the leather pants and once she was dressed walked Lynn back to our cars. We saw no one on the trail or even before we got back onto the main road.
We got home before our youngest by about fifteen minutes. I got changed and Lynn grabbed a long hot shower. I always find the obliviousness of children in these matters interesting. Makes me wonder what I had mercifully missed in that same circumstance.
Pizza was ordered and afterwards we curled up on the couch watching some Hallmark Christmas movie that was a month early in my opinion. Remembering what had occurred during our last movie I couldn't help but say, "So...Thirty-Six to go?"
Lynn smirked at me.
That is how I spent the week around my Fortieth birthday. Lynn was not up for thirty-six more exhibitionistic trysts considering the limits on available, low risk areas...and it was almost winter. As is the norm, names have been changed to maintain privacy. All else...as I have said before...is as true as aging memory allows. If you liked our adventure you might want to check out the others. I hoping to get Lynn to do another story, maybe our anniversary trip. Until then, no reading order is required, each tale is its own excellent adventure.