This is my fantasy, which I would love to live out for real, hope you enjoy.
*****
It all started when I saw an ad for a local Life Drawing group looking for new members. I'd always been interested so I responded to the ad and after meeting with the group's leader, an older woman named Mary, I decided to join up. About a week later I received a text informing me that they were going to have a session the next day at one of the member's houses and could I make it, I responded yes and I would see them tomorrow.
The group was small with only about 10 members including me, I had not meet any of the other members accept Mary and as I was about to discover I was the only male in the group. The other members of the group ranged in age from early 30's to early 60's, they were all well dressed and all seemed very pleasant and following introductions conversations started with mostly the ladies asking me questions.
After some conversation and coffee I was informed that the group could not afford professional models and that each week one of the members would be the model. Mary asked "as your new to the group it would be nice if you could be the model this week" and that I could leave my underwear on if I was embarrassed. At first I was a bit taken aback but then thought, OK, what's the harm?
I said to Mary that although I was a bit shocked and embarrassed I would do it and that I would like to keep my underwear on. Everyone was pleased and started to set up their gear while I prepared myself to disrobe in front of a group of strangers I had just met. Mary showed me where I would be posing and said "when you're ready just leave your clothes on the chair". As I started to disrobe I was both embarrassed and turned on at the same time, no one was paying me any particular attention to me which made me feel a little more comfortable in what I was about to do.
When I was down to my jocks I struck up my first pose and everyone started to draw, as they worked they were all asking me questions, where was I from, what did I do, just general conversation until someone asked, "have you ever done anything like this before?" well I said, as it happens I have been a life model before but only twice, it was then that Mary said "if you've done this before I think you should remove the jocks" to which everyone else loudly agreed.
After much cajoling I eventually agreed and to conduct the remainder of the session completely nude. I'm 60, slim, average height with a small circumcised cock, I only had 1 ball, due to a childhood illness, which was a constant source of embarrassment, but no one seemed to notice so I relaxed somewhat and struck up a pose. After a while one of the group, Jane, asked if it would be possible for my cock to grow a little, I didn't know what to say and before I could answer she was up and fondling me.
Now I may not have mentioned that when aroused my cock does swell but it never gets erect and hard so with no warning I come, in front of everyone, strangely no one seemed at all shocked, rather they all seemed pleased, Jane had caught all of my come in her hands and proceeded to massage it into my cock and sack. I was speechless and rooted to the spot. Mary suggested this might be a good time to have a break, everyone got up and proceeded to the kitchen to make coffee Jane just smiled at me then followed them into the kitchen leaving me naked, covered in come and alone.
After what seemed like an hour I gathered my thoughts and went to the bathroom to clean-up, when I returned they were all sitting drinking tea and coffee, talking like nothing had happened. I went to get my clothes and noticed they were gone, I asked Mary where they were and she said "don't worry you can have them back later" I said I need a smoke to calm my nerves and she said I would need to go outside if I wanted to smoke and pointed to the door that lead to the back yard. So there I was naked in some strangers back yard in broad daylight having a smoke wondering what was going to happen next, I was about to find out.
When I returned Mary said, alright let's all get back to work, everyone returned to their spot and I nervously struck up a new pose thinking maybe that's over, but I was wrong. One of the other ladies, Ann got up and came over close to me and was inspecting me and said to the rest of the group, "I think he would look better if he shaved his pubes" the rest of the group loudly agreed and I was handed a razor, this was becoming surreal, but I found I was enjoying this immensely so after minimal protest I began to shave, as I did so I was intensely aware that all eyes were on my or rather my cock, this was becoming a very erotic experience. When I was finished everyone in turn came up and inspected the results, closely, and then Ann proceeded to massage in some cream, "to prevent razor burn" she said, as she did so I became aroused once more but having come only 30 minutes ago there was little chance of anything happening this soon. Ann continued for about 5 minutes then they all sat down and started to draw.
They all continued to draw for about the next hour but about every 5 minutes or so someone would get up and come to me and repose me, mostly this seemed an excuse to touch or rub my cock this went on until everyone in the group had had a go. Then Julie got up and said to the group I have an idea for a pose, she said what if we put a condom on him so it looks like he's just had sex, everyone agreed this could be a good pose so Julie comes up reaches into her pocket and produces a condom which she proceeds to put on me. They all had a good look and agreed something didn't look quite right and Julie said I know what's wrong, it's not wet and without warning placed her mouth around my cock and proceeded "wet the condom", they all commented how that looked fun and one by one they all had go the last being Julie, who started it all and she was determined to end it as well.
Well she licked and sucked until finally I again came, she collected the now full condom and sucked all of the come into a syringe, what are you going to do with that I asked. I want to squirt this into your arse so that we can see it dribble out like you had just had sex, what do you think, well by this stage I was up for anything so I agreed. I bent over and she inserted the syringe and quickly pressed the plunger emptying the contents into me. I had never felt anything quite like it and thought is this what it feels like for a woman? She withdrew back to her seat and as the come began to dribble out they all began to once again draw.
After a while Mary again announced it may be time for a break and again they all left for the kitchen for tea and coffee leaving me naked soled and alone. I went to the bathroom and cleaned up, when I came out I was now acutely aware that for all this time I was the only one naked, I again proceeded to the backyard to have a smoke but this time decided to have a walk around the yard quietly hoping I would be discovered, which I was a lady next door was hanging out her washing when she saw me, I turned full on toward her giving her a good look, just then Mary came out and said to the neighbour, Helen, that it's all OK he's a model for our drawing group and she could come over if she wanted she said no she wouldn't but would it be OK with me if she continued to look and I said that would be fine.
A little while later I returned inside and everyone was again seated ready to draw, and then Mary came out with some items from my pocket, she asked what they were, there was a small bottle of lube and 2 penile probes 1 short and 1 long. I explained that I sometimes enjoyed sounding, as it's called, she asked if I could demonstrate for the group, by this time I was so turned on I would have done anything and I said yes.
I positioned my self in front of the group making sure everyone could see, opened the eye of my cock and placed a drop of lube in there, picking up the short probe I proceeded to gently insert it into my cock, there was an audible gasp from the group none of them had ever seen anything like it, one of them, Chris asked if she could have a go and I agreed, she gingerly took hold of the probe and slowly began to insert it, she said she could feel it going in, she proceeded to insert and retract it for about 5 minutes until the others said they also wanted to try, one by one they all had a go.
Mary asked what about this one, holding up the long one, it was about 10cm long and 7mm think with a large ring at the end. She handed it over and I gentle began to insert it until the entire length was buried inside my cock. By this time I was lost to the feelings and began to slowly move it in and out while rubbing my cock. They all moved closer for a better look, I laid back and just went with the feelings aware of 10 women watching me masturbate. After a while I could feel the pressure build and at the last second pulled the probe out and exploded in the best orgasm of my life, come went everywhere, most of the women ending up with some on their faces and in their hair.
After we all cleaned up they all commented on what a good sport I had been and how much they had enjoyed the day. I finally got dressed and left wondering what the next session would bring!
The End