It was during our trip to Seattle that I had what I consider to be one of my most intensely erotic encounters with Sharon up to then. If you remember, Sharon and I played a game where I blindfolded her and she needed to guess the object I teased her with. Sharon won the game by correctly guessing each of three different objects. By winning the game, Sharon was entitled to a sexual prize of her choice.
"I like this game," Sharon said. "So, as winner, I get to name my prize right?"
"Right." I said. "Tell me how you'd like it and we both win."
I was surprised at what Sharon said because I had predicted she's claim something completely different as her prize.
"Surprise me sometime. But don't be too romantic with what you do. Do something like add in some rough stuff or maybe you could arrange being watched by some other guys. I am a slut, remember???"
Little did I realize then how quickly payment would come to me now that I was faced with paying the bet.
After saying that, Sharon started to remove my black necktie which I had tied around her eyes for the game. It was the only piece of clothing she had on.
"Leave the blindfold where it is, cunt."
Sharon stopped immediately hearing the no-nonsense tone of my voice.
"The game's not over yet. Give me your hands."
Sharon extended one of her hands and I took it in mine which were still inside my leather gloves. I started to pull her off the bed.
"Oww. Easy there,: she complained.
"Stand up Follow me."
"I can't see. I might walk into something."
"Don't you think I fucking know that. You just have to trust me... slut."
Tagging "slut" on to the end of my response gave Sharon a start. She probably started to like where this was going.
"Where are you taking me? Seriously, I'm naked and blindfolded."
"You'll find out. Stop asking so many questions."
Sharon pushed back, "I thought I won your little game."
"You did. I'm losing my patience. You've been warned."
With that I led Sharon from the bed and towards the balcony of our hotel suite. The balconies were pretty nice. Enough space for a table and some chairs. Each could easily hold four people. They had a waist high metal railing around the perimeter and plexiglass panels underneath the railing to serve as a barrier to keep things from falling to the street below, but the panels allowed nice view of the beautiful city. I flung the patio door open and led her past the drawn curtains so that we were both on the patio balcony. It was dusk and the sun was setting but it wasn't very dark yet. We could hear the traffic sounds of the city from below. I could see Sharon give a start as thel breeze wafted over her body. Her nipples hardened. I was still wearing my suit from my client meeting.
"Are we outside? On the patio? Can people see us?"
"Did I tell you to stop asking so many questions? Face me."
I grabbed her pulling her close to me and kissed her hard, forcing my tongue into her mouth. All day long I had been thinking about fucking her. While she "won" the game, this was all about payoff. One of my leather-gloved hands went to her tit, the other down her back, towards her ass. I slid my forefinger up and down several times between her buttocks before grasping her ass cheek. I kissed her hard, kneading her ass. As the kiss ended, I slid my hand past her ass to her cunt.
I started to finger her from behind. She must have liked the feeling because she spread her legs slightly wider giving me better access. I stroked up and down her slit and up the crevice of her ass, pausing briefly at her asshole before continuing back down. My left hand continued kneading her big right tit. Even through my glove, I coudl feel her nipple responding to my touch. I loved playing with her tits. I broke from our kiss to greedily suck on her nipple while kneading her breast. Then I moved my mouth to her previously neglected tit.
I've heard it said "anything more than a handful is a waste" when referring to a woman's breast size. It's total bullshit. Big breasts are a feast for the eyes, imaginations, hands, mouths, and dicks of men everywhere. If they weren't, why would men stare at them? Of all my loves, Sharon had the biggest, most amazing tits. I was not only the envy of many men when I was seen with her, but I considered myself to be very lucky to have gotten to know them so intimately.
I loved her tits from the first time I saw her picture. They were better in real life.
I broke away from her and turned her around so that she faced towards the street.
"Put your hands out in front of you. Grip the railing." I used my foot to nudge her ankles backwards forcing her feet further away from the railing-like a cop move before frisking the culprit. "Bend at your waist. Stick your ass out. Spread your legs."
Now if they looked, quite a few people in the apartment building across the street could see her naked, hands gripping the railing, generous tits hanging with her nipples pointed towards the street below, and for a lucky few- her shaved pussy.
I stood slightly behind and to the left of her. My left hand rubbing up her back and then around her left tit. My right hand caressing her ass. I was firm but gentle in my stroking. My left hand went up to her face to caress her cheek, then slipped behind her neck. My right hand continued caressing her ass. Grabbing a handfull of hair, I pulled back firmly with my left hand while my index and middle fingers of my right hand penetrated her pussy. I knew the glove added to the girth of my fingers and though the texture of the leather would provide a different sensation.
Sharon reacted initially with a cry of surprise.
"Like that, whore? Like how that feels? Leather in your pussy"
I stroked her pussy several times, in and out. Then took it out and used the tip of my middle finger to rub her clit. Sharon shuddered and then I returned my fingers to inside her to continue stroking. I removed my right hand from her cunt and lifted it towards my face and looked at it.
My brown leather glove was decidedly two tones of brown.- part of it was the normal color and two fingers and maybe a little more were a darker brown from Sharon's wetness penetrating the leather. I lifted it to my nose to smell the remnants of her sex on my glove. I used my teeth to nip the middle finger of my glove and pulled my hand from inside it. From here on out, I wanted to feel her body with my hands. I did the same thing with my left hand. Throwing my gloves down on the floor, I hoped Sharon's scent would linger and be a reminder of her and this day in the future whenever I wore those gloves. While the memory would linger, I hoped her scent would too. I turned her around so she faced me, still blindfolded.
"On your knees slut."
"Oh, I'm so wet and horny. You came back just before I was going to cum. Then we played your stupid game Just fuck me now. Please??"
"I'm calling the shots here now slut. On your knees."
Sharon began to comply slowly. I grew impatient and for emphasis I pushed her down with my hands on each of her shoulders. I unzipped my pants out pulled out my dick. It was hard and the head seemed larger than normal and engorged. It was too bad she couldn't see it. Sharon likes looking at cocks and seeing how aroused she can make me.
Clearly I was in need of relief. Pick your reason. Was it because I had been thinking about Sharon and devising my game through most of my meeting with my client? I laughed inwardly it got to the point during my meeting where my mind wandered so much that I considered the client a "fucking distraction" to what I really wanted to do which was screw my slut's brains out on the client's conference room table. Or could it have been that, I was turned on after having walked in on Sharon surprising her while she was masturbating in our room right before starting our game? Or could it have been that I knew that regardless of how the game ended, we'd fuck and Sharon's sexual appetites complimented mine and I would win either way?
As soon as Sharon heard my zipper and being on her knees, Sharon had a good idea what was next. She opened her mouth eagerly in anticipation. She likes blowing me.
Just as I was moving closer to her and about to run my dick along her lips to give them a rub and a little taste of the drop of precum now leaking from the slit of my dick; the patio door to the room next to ours opened. Suddenly we heard a man's and a woman's voice about 20 feet away. It was clear they had been drinking and were moving their party on to their room's patio balcony maybe to enjoy the sunset. Looking across, I could see a guy who appeared to be in his late 30's or early 40's with a slightly younger woman, a blonde. They had carried a bottle of wine and a couple of glasses onto their patio table probably to have a room cocktail before dinner or sex or both.
"fuck," I said softly in a somewhat disappointed way.
Sharon was unfazed. Still blindfolded she reached up and found my belt buckle and undid my pants letting them fall to my ankles, then she pulled down my underwear. My dick bounced free happily and waggled mere inches from the face I wanted to fuck. If she wasn't going to let the presence of our neighbors deter what was going to happen now, neither was I.
Sensing the presence of my dick, Sharon stuck out her tongue to try to find it. It didn't take long for her to wrap her lips around my dick and begin to blow me. Her tongue worked around my head, then down the shaft and to my balls. I don't know about most men, but I find that women too often neglect my balls and concentrate on the shaft and the head of my cock.
Don't get me wrong, I thoroughly enjoy the attention paid to the length of my dick and to the understide of head in particular; balls are also worthy of attention. Sharon ran her tongue along the center of my ball sack towards my scrotum, then enveloped my left ball inside her mouth, sucking gently and swirling her tongue as though she were massaging my left ball. Then she moved toward the right one. As soon as her warm mouth left my left ball, I shuddered. Was it the feeling of Sharon moving to my other ball or was it because of the chilll induced by my left one leaving her warm mouth and now exposed in the breeze.
" Ssssh. Sssh. Check it out. Next door," this male voice interrupted in what he thought was a whisper, but actually far from it.
"What? Are they doing what I think they're doing." the female voice replied with a drunken slur.
"Ssshh. Not so loud. They'll hear us," the man paused before continuing. "Let's watch."
How they didn't think we knew they were much less watching us was beyond me-maybe it was evidence of how clouded their thinking had become by drinking. At this point, I didn't care. I knew Sharon was only warming up.
"Let's give them a show, baby," I said to Sharon. I knew she would like the sound of that and the challenge it represented.
She slowly ran her tongue up the length of my dick leaving a long trail of spit. and reaching the top, brought it into her mouth. Then she repeated the move back down towards my balls.
Sharon did this several times leaving ample amounts of her saliva on my dick. After my dick was thoroughly lubed, she wrapped her mouth around my cock head and Sharon's hands reached behind me to grasp my buttucks. I had an idea what was coming next. Sharon dug her fingernails into my ass cheeks and pulled me towards her. Then she took the length of my cock into her mouth and down into her throat. She had never taken me so deeply before. I could feel my balls touch her chin. I moaned. She held me there for a second and then pushed me back, grabbed a quick breath and then did it again and again. Each thrust seemed to produce a new sensation as Sharon varied her technique. Tongue, lips, light graze by her teeth. It felt so good it was excruciating.
"Holy shit. Did you see that?" the male voice next door said in a less than hushed tone. "You never took me deep like she's taking him. Deep like that!? That woman really knows how to give a blow job. "
"Maybe she's a porn star," suggested the blonde.
I don't know if it was the implied challenge in his remark or the fact that they were both drunk and likely horny and that watching Sharon and I had excited them, but the blonde next door dropped to her knees.
"Let's just see about that. I'm up for a challenge...If you can be," I wasn't sure if she was saying that to us or to her man. With that she unzipped his pants and went fishing for his dick inside his pants.
"What's this? Your dick? Were you turned by that slut next door blowing her man? Fucking tramps do that in hotels all the time. Do you wish I'd blow you like that?"
With that the woman next door unbuckled his pants and pulled them down leaving him just as exposed as I was.
"Hey you over there...Game on."
I could see the guy's dick was about the same size as mine-a little bigger than average. Sharon had the blonde beat by a mile in the tit department and overall looks.
"This wasn't exactly what I had in mind, but in as much as opportunity knocks and just so you're not at a disadvantage, you need to see this," I said quietly to Sharon, removing her blindfold.
Then I continued, "besides I know you'd want to see the show next door."
Freed from my necktie, Sharon shook her hair and looked towards the patio next door where the voices eminated. Sharon stopped blowing me.
"So...what's the game here?" Sharon called over. "First to come wins? Loses? what?"
"Wins" said the blonde proudly. "It's about who's got the best technique...me or you bitch."
"Bullshit," I said quietly to Sharon. "She probably thinks it's her outstanding technique but her guy probably has a hair trigger." I paused before continuing, "Fuck her contest, let's just have fun and see where this goes."
Returning to my cock, Sharon nodded understanding my point and our plan for a "good show" entirely. Sharon's an exhibitionist at heart.
Stealing glances periodically from our own activity, Sharon and I watched as the woman next door began sucking on the man's cock. She ran her hands up and down his legs and then began to bob her head around the head of his dick. She brought her right hand to the shaft and gripped it. We knew that she was avoiding taking him deeper into her mouth and was extending the feeling by wrapping her left hand around the shaft to stroke him. Her right hand continued to hold his ass cheek. While it wasn't exactly what I'd call cheating on her part, I knew Sharon had already sucked more of me into her mouth than this next door slut wannabe and so Sharon got bonus points in my mind.
Which was more exciting to me, the feelings Sharon was producing on my cock with her expert oral skills? Looking down and seeing the eye contact she makes with me when she knows we're sexually connected? or seeing the couple next door engaged in a similar act? I don't know. I tried to put all of that out of my mind. Why the fuck do I try to analyze everything?
My eyes gazed to the high rise apartment building across the street. Holy fuck. There were a couple of guys standing there with beers in their hands and a telescope. I could see them moving the telescope back and forth watching Sharon and I and then the couple next door. With that telescope they were probably getting some real close up visuals of the ensuing action on our patio and the one next door. I laughed. I'll bet they see a shitload of hotel sex with their telescope!
One of the guys must have realized I spotted them. He seemed to say something to his buddy and then hoisted his beer as though he were toasting us.
"There's more people watching us that just the people next door," I said to Sharon. "Across the street and up a floor"
Sharon stole a glance away from my cock and from the look in her eyes, I could tell she spotted them.
"That's it baby. That's it. Just like that." we heard the male voice next door coaxing. "You're such a good cocksucker. You know just how I like it. Do me."
The telescope guys across the way seemed to sense where to look because they pivoted the telescope towards our neighbors and stopped switching back and forth between the two patios.
Sharon and I watched the blonde next door interrupt her blow job long enough to remove his cock from her mouth and put her middle finger into her mouth lubing it generously with saliva. I kind of guessed what was happening next. As the blonde woman continued her efforts on her guy's dick, she slipped her middle finger between his ass cheeks and into his asshole. He gasped when she entered him initially but then relaxed. I could tell she was applying pressure to his prostrate. I figured it wouldn't be long now.
"Oh yeah baby. That's it. Fuck my ass.. That's it. Fuck it with your finger. Yeah. Suck me. Suck my cock. Suck me. Fuck me. Suck me. Fuck me. That's it. That's it. I'm coming."
With that the dude grabbed her head impaling her mouth on his cock. He thrust and twitched a couple of times and then froze and he cried out with a loud moan. I could see the blonde's right hand moving. She must be massaging his prostrate I concluded. He must have let loose a lot of cum because he stood there for quite a while in the spasm of an orgasm. The blonde chick filled her mouth with his cum and it was leaking out from the corner of her mouth.. After the dude's orgasm subsided, she pulled away from his cock and then spit out his cum onto the floor of the patio. She coughed up quite a bit and spit several times before grabbing the wine bottle, taking a swig from it, swishing it around and spitting it out on the floor.
"She must not like to swallow," I said to Sharon, who nodded as she continued fucking me with her mouth.
I looked across the way. The two guys were "high fiving" each other. One pulled out a sheet of paper and a marker and wrote something down. Then he held it up for us to see. It was a number 7.
"Winners!" proclaimed the blonde. Then she began jumping up and down.
I looked across the street and saw the two guys turn the telescope back towards Sharon and I.
"Ok. Your guy came first," I said. "I guess you're better at sprints. Frankly, marathons are where it's at."
Sharon looked up at me and made eye contact, almost imploring me to come. Was my little fuck slut getting tired of my cock in her mouth?
"As easy as I know it would be for you to finish me off right now, I have something else in mind," I said. "I want to give those guys across the way something they'll remember the rest of their lives." Sharon and I both looked across the street towards the two telescope guys. It didn't seem to me that the couple next door ever realized they were being watched by anyone other than Sharon and I.
The two guys seemed to realize we looked at them. The one at the eyepiece to the telescope said something to the other who then left the room. The guy at the telescope continued watching us and yanked down his zipper. reached in and pulled out his dick. Even from across the street, Sharon and I could tell it was large, maybe 10 or 11 inches and a commensurate girth. Seeing it seemed to give Sharon new enthusiasm.
"I wonder if we can get that guys address across the street and meet him before we leave?" Sharon suggest.
"fuck you." I said. "You're such a size queen slut. Didn't you ever hear that a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush?"
"I'd like to have two in my bush," said Sharon.
"You don't have a fucking bush." I said.
I looked at the patio next door. The couple sat down in the chairs to watch Sharon and I. Looking again across the street, I saw the second guy return with a pair of binoculars. He saw the first guy yanking on his dick and took his out too to begin stroking. I turned my attention back to my dick.
"I want to tit fuck you. That is the ultimate 'Sharon experience' is it not?"
Sharon moved to a chair and adjusted herself to make it easy for me to straddle her. Once I was in position, she pressed her tits together and I began thrusting.
I continued talking dirty to her.
"You like this don't you slut? Feeling my dick pressed between your tits. My balls against your chest. Look at my cock. Watch it. Disappear, reappear."
The warmth her tits exuded and their firm softness felt great. After the cocksucking she did earlier, I didn't think I'd last long. I didn't. My build was quick and my balls ached to shoot the load that had been building.
"Give me a target. Open your mouth slut. I'm going to cum."
Sharon looked up at me before encouraging me, "Give it to me baby."
Gobs of cum shot out of my dick coating the tops of her tits, neck and up to her chin. I groaned as I came and only thrusted a couple of more times to pump any residual cum from my dick.
I pulled back physically satisfied, but not quite finished. I scooped up a handful of cum and held it to her mouth.
"Eat my cum slut. Clean it off my fingers."
I knew that if Sharon did that, the guy next door would be envious because his blonde spit out his cum and then washed out her mouth with wine. I hoped that the guys across the way would also approve. I looked one had apparently already had his orgasm because his dick was no longer out. The guy with the big dick seemed about to.
Like a good slut, Sharon sucked the cum from my fingers and waited patiently while I scooped up more. What I couldn't scrape into my hands to feed her, she massaged onto her nipples and tits and neck. She sucked each of my fingers deeply into her mouth.
"Greedy little slut. Don't waste a drop. Now. look across the street," I said.
Sharon turned just before the guy with the big dick erupted. Without a telescope or binoculars, we couldn't really see his cum fly; but the expression on his face and the body gestures were unmistakable.
Meanwhile the guy next door said to his blonde chick, "I wish you had nicer tits and I could tit fuck you like she did. And how come you don't eat my cum like she ate that guy's jizz?"
I looked across the way. One of the guys was writing on a piece of paper again and held it up. 8.5
I turned to the woman next door. "Maybe you crossed the finish line first, but according to the impartial judges across the street, we won on showmanship."
Sharon saw the score. She got indignant. "8.5? That's all? 8.5?"
"Let it go. Get back into the room. We can work on getting that 10," I said.
"I'll bet I have to fuck him to get a 10," Sharon said suggestively and perhaps a little hopefully.
"If you fuck him, I think you'd get closer to an 11," I quipped. But I had no intentions of sharing Sharon again. At least not now.. She was my fuck pet and for now I wanted to keep it that way.
As we returned to the room, I closed the patio door but opened the blinds and turned on some of the room lights. I knew we were just warming up and the guys across the way with their telescope might enjoy act 2 of tonight's double feature. I had plans for my fuck slut but much to my surprise, my plans were about to change.