In my youth I had been studying at college away from the city and whilst I was away my parents had sold up the family home and they were doing the whole grey nomad thing travelling the country. It is great to be the youngest child in the family, not.
I had secured my first real job with a big firm in the city, working while I was in my final year of study. I only needed to head back to college for my final exam a few months down the track. In that time I needed somewhere to stay in the city that my entry level pay would support.
Thankfully for me, my oldest brother had just bought a fixer upper from his fiance's parents and he and his fiance had moved in together, with my soon to be sister in law's, sister in their childhood home. It was a three bedroom place and I was offered a room with them that I could afford until I got myself more settled and finished off at college.
So it was me, my brother, his fiance and my SIL's sister Louise. I was the youngest, then Louise her sister was next oldest, my brother's fiance, Belle, then my brother five years older than I.
My brother and Belle had her old parents room and Louise had moved herself into Belle's old room. Now as I said, it really was a fixer upper and my brother was well into renovating when I moved in and I found myself in a kind of, what once was a third bedroom.
They had fully removed a wall between the main bedroom and the adjoining room and the plan was to make that into an ensuite and walk in robe, which eventually my brother did. Yet, whilst I was there they moved two old wardrobes into that adjoining room with the doors facing the master bedroom so they had extra room. Then beyond that they had backed up a small dresser to those wardrobes leaving just enough room behind the wardrobes for a single bed.
Who was I to complain right, it was a room, it was what I could afford and really I knew it was only going to be temporary. So, I moved in for what was to become the start of my voyeurs life.
It did not take me long to realise that the wardrobes did not fully enclose the space, there was perhaps a three inch gap between them where the dresser had been placed back to back against the two wardrobes. Then the dresser had maybe an inch gap between its mirrored back and its top leaving an envelope slot whole where anyone at the correct height could look in between rooms.
Before I had moved in Belle and Louise's sister Kaye had stayed and it appeared that she had stuffed that gap with a scarf to keep my brother from looking through it, in on her. Naturally, it was the first thing I moved and found that I had a view between the two wardrobes that took in the center of the bed in the master bedroom. Putting the scarf back it dawned on me what an opportunity I had stumbled upon. I had always fancied seeing Belle naked, well to be honest Belle, Louise and Kaye. I had lusted after all three.
Let me paint a picture of Belle, my brother is tallish around 6 foot and Belle is a good foot shorter than that so only a tiny thing really. Not fat, not slim but solidly built frame and nice big boobs that are only accentuated by her shorter stature.
Dark hair down past her shoulders but not quite as long as Louise's whose hair, again dark was down to the small of her back. Kaye had dead straight dark hair that came down all the way to her butt. She spent a lot of time caring for her hair with brushing and wrapping it most times I ever saw her.
Louise was slim and taller than her older sister, if I had to kick two of the three sisters naked out of my bed then she was the one who would have gotten to stay. Kaye was the biggest of the three bordering on fat but still, if Belle and Louise were not about then I would have made room for her naked in my bed.
Belle also had a nickname of BB. She always said it stood for Bossy Boots and yes she could be bossy. Yet, my brother and his mates let me in on the gag that it was BB for Big Boobs.
So my plan was soon formulated that I would head off to bed early and then await and see what I could see with my new-found access. So I guess it was maybe my second or third night there that I tested my plan.
I headed to bed as planned and waited in bed with the lights in my room off, no way was I in danger of nodding off. The adrenaline was flowing already. I knew when someone entered the master bedroom as the light spilled over the top of the two wardrobes as they were about a foot to 18 inches from the ceiling. So even if I had nodded off that would have been enough to wake me I guess.
At last the lights came on and I stealthily moved from the bed, heart beating so hard that I felt my chest may burst. I slowly moved the scarf so I had just a small peep hole to peer through and the view, well let me tell you, the view of the wardrobe door was fantastic. Fuck! So much for all of my planning, I had not considered that they might open the wardrobe door and that would block my view. Fuck, fuck, fuck.
Hang on, I thought, when I first discovered the space to look through the wardrobe doors were closed and I had a full view of the middle of the bed. So maybe if I hang in there maybe I might get lucky.
My ears were attuned to every movement coming from the other room as the light came on and I heard someone moving about. I had no idea if it was Belle or my brother. The light leaking in under the door to my room let me know that someone was still up and moving about in the house. Fuck. The lights in the master bedroom go off. Fuck, Fuck, Fuck. Plus I hear someone get into / onto the bed. Fuck, Fuck, Fuck.
Fuck it.
So now what do I do? I decide to sit it out and wait, and wait, and wait. Fuck it, I quietly get back into my bed, no sooner have I got back into bed, the light comes on. Fuck. Up I get again as quietly as I can and I hear movement in the other room like someone moving onto the bed but the light remains on. My view is still the same of the same wardrobe door but I hang in there.
I have noticed now that there is no light seeping in under my bedroom door so it looks like the house is ready to bed down for the night. Just when I think that they may sleep with the light on I can hear someone get off the bed and move towards the wardrobe.
Finally, all of my patience is rewarded, the wardrobe door is closed over, on the bed I look straight up between two legs, between two knees, between two thighs to Belle's naked pussy. My heart kicks into an even higher gear that I never knew was even possible. Up from her pussy I see her boobs have spread each side of her chest, she certainly is BB for Big Boobs alright.
I am just about to savour the view of Belle's naked cunt when my stupid brother opens the door to his wardrobe again obscuring my view. Fuck. Can't a voyeur catch a break. Fuck, Fuck, Fuck. Then just to cap things off I hear more movement, the light goes off and then I hear someone get into bed. Fuck.
Well folks that is the show for this evening, exit via the gift shop. Fuck. So after I carefully rearrange the scarf in the gap to as best as I can remember as it was. I then stealthily as I can I get back into my own bed and turn in for the night.
So this was the first time that I saw Belle naked, it would not be the last, but the fact it was the first has burnt it into my memory even though it was only for no more than three seconds. My eyes tracked all the way up between her legs to her pussy lips, which could only just be seen through her dark bush. Then further up through that lush growth over her belly to see her boobs.
Those boobs were magnificent, normally large and round but this time laying on her back they formed cones tipped by her nipples. They flattened sideways across her chest to where her nipples were pointing out at 45 degrees each from her chest.
Even years afterward I can still instantly get hard reminiscing about that first time I saw Belle nude and those boobs, oh those boobs, the first time I saw them.
So I stayed with my brother and Belle for close to six months, these random fleeting moments of seeing Belle nude on the bed were regularly repeated, with the constant disappointment of open wardrobe doors. Plus the other nightmare of seeing my brothers junk three feet from my face on a semi regular basis.
The views of Belle varied from her lying naked on the bed or with just her panties on once a month, I found that this was their normal sleeping routine. To fleeting glimpses of her bush and boobs walking past the gap in the wardrobe as she readied for bed.
Weekends turned out to be the best, maybe because of the additional risk of discovery as if I could see them then they could see me in the light of early morning peering through the gap. Plus the potential of the movement of the scarf drawing attention to me. However, I could not help myself every time that both wardrobe doors were closed on a weekend morning I got to watch Belle waking up and kicking off the covers to reveal her nakedness and I could indulge and devour the sight of her at my leisure. I was so glad that they were late risers.
Of course the pinnacle was when they made love of a morning, I got to see that on several occasions during my stay. They were a relatively young couple, first time moving in with a partner. No burden yet of children, no risk of parents.
They certainly had no qualms if Louise and I heard them when they had sex, contrastly, Belle was almost totally silent when she masturbated.
Me I was still relatively naive with regard to sex, I had had a couple of drunken experiences with girls at college but no long term girl friend and certainly no live in lover.
I learnt a lot that last semester of college and a lot of it was not academic. I was shaped by watching Belle masturbate occasionally and also watching her with my brother, tease each other, play naked together, chase each other and of course make love and fuck like animals.
Each time I saw Belle masturbate I was so grateful, as it was just such a lovely thing to see her pleasure herself than have to contend with my brother in the scene. If he was ever out on an early morning weekend she would stay in bed and then when she finally woke she would take her time and I had a front row seat to watch her. Being no more than ten feet away almost directly between her spread legs.
She taught me that girls like their clit to be played with, plus attention to their nipples and that it was not all about the penetration. Although her strongest orgasms were from a toy she had that had something to hang on to and I assume where batteries were kept and then it had a thin curved shaft to small bulb head that vibrated.
I found out later these kinds of toys are for stimulating the G spot. Belle came hard when she used that toy often squirting so that she had to wash the sheets afterward. I do not ever recall seeing my brother making her squirt but it was something I tried to achieve with all of my lovers later in life.
I so enjoyed watching her masturbate, as she would slowly start massaging her breasts and pinching her nipples. Rolling her nipples about under her fingers, I longed to reach out and taste those lovely boobs.
Then she would slowly move a hand over her belly to her bush and make small circles on her mons slowly working her hand further down each time to seek out her clit with her fingers. Watching her legs open and draw up her knees so she could press harder onto her clit.
I only have to close my eyes now and I can still see her introducing her toy into her wet pussy and working toward her climax that often culminated with her squirting across the bottom of the bed and onto the floor.
My only regret is that all this happened years before mobile phones with cameras were a thing so taking a video or photo of what I was seeing was impossible. I would love to go back in time and actually see her please herself one more time, I would die happy.
I do not think I was ever caught either watching her readying for bed or of a morning. At least nothing was ever said either whilst I lived there nor afterward. However, I do recall Belle asking me some odd questions like how the bed was as she heard me stirring and getting up and going back to bed at night.
Then one thing that always stuck with me was she once asked if I liked wearing Kaye's scarf. I must say I was taken aback. Thankfully, I recovered in time to say that no, as it did not match my shoes or handbag and I laughed it off. I have often wondered if she had noticed that the scarf was moved ever so slightly most evenings and some mornings. I never did have the nerve to ask her either then or later in life.
After two kids my brother eventually divorced Belle after she had an affair with his best friend. Around that time she also came onto me, by kissing me once at a party and letting me know that she was not wearing panties to the party. It was quite exciting, we were at a family gathering and I went into an outside laundry to grab a beer and she followed me in.
She moved us into a position where we could not be seen by the others outside and hugged me, which we often did, but this time she also drew me to her and kissed me passionately on the mouth. She took my hand in hers and placed it up under her dress on her bare arse. Then she whispered to me "I have lost something, can you help me find 'them'?"
I was engaged by that time in our lives and whilst flattered, I was also so in love with my fiance and I decided that no matter how much I was tempted, and I was so very tempted, I was not going to risk that relationship. Belle and my brother separated and eventually divorced not long after that family gathering.
Many years later at her son's wedding I was joking and chatting to her alone at one point and I asked if she ever found what she had lost, the look on her face told me that she knew instantly exactly what I was talking about and then she laughed and said, "You really should have helped me find 'them' that day."