Not long after my divorce, I treated myself to one of the kinkiest and most decadent experiences of my life on a little getaway I've never told you about. Does the sound of that turn you on?
I got an email with a round-up of last-minute cruise deals. Normally, I'd delete it with barely a glance, but this time, I was in the mood to indulge myself. I spotted an incredible deal: a week-long cruise from Honolulu to Seattle for under $600 per person. Airfare to Hawaii wasn't included, but as it happened, I'd accumulated some MileagePlus points that were about to expire, and this was the perfect opportunity. The price was ridiculously low because it was a repositioning cruise. The vessel was the ultra-luxurious Celebrity Silhouette, and I'd be picking up the cruise on the second leg. The first half was eight days from Tokyo to Honolulu.
I thought about inviting my friends Irene and Natasha to join me, but I had some very specific ideas of what I wanted to happen on this little adventure, and I wasn't sure they'd be the right fit. Then it hit me. Erin.
She was a professor at the Center for Healthy Aging at the University of Washington, tall, curvy, no bullshit, in her early 40's. Fashion-forward glasses, long dark shoulder-length hair, lips that looked as soft as her mouth was sharp with slack students. We'd met originally at a health care conference in Austin, where we were presenting on different panels. I'd since gone hiking with her at Mount Baker and dropped in to her Wednesday night book club at her Queen Anne home, where we'd mulled the merits of Margaret Atwood and D.H. Lawrence over glasses of Merlot. I couldn't tell if Erin was bi or not, but she certainly seemed like-minded, and we'd gotten on like a house on fire every time we met. So...why not?
We met for coffee on Westlake Avenue and I told her about my plan.
"Wow, that is a great deal," Erin said, adjusting her glasses. "And I can see the allure of avoiding the single supplement."
I smiled at her. "I've reserved a room with an outside view and a veranda. It looks right over the swimming pool. I'm excited."
"Oh, then, it might be a little noisy at night," Erin said. "Not that this would bother me. I'd love to go with you."
I was wearing an emerald pendant that I'd picked up on a recent trip to Santa Barbara. It hung deep in my cleavage. Did I spot Erin checking me out?
"I'm glad to hear it," I said, shifting in my seat. "Frankly, I don't plan to get a lot of sleep on this trip. I figured the timing might work for you since it falls over spring break."
Erin put her hand on mine. "I like the way you think. I'll have a stack of term papers to mark, but if I hunker down, I can clear off my desk before we leave."
"Perfect. This will be a little different from my usual vacations. Normally, I like to stop, explore, visit local galleries, check out some restaurants, go hiking or paddling. This one will be all at sea."
"I know what you're saying," Erin said with a wink. She'd gotten divorced a couple of years ago herself, and had told me about a wild weekend she'd spent at the Tulalip Casino this past summer with an old boyfriend visiting from out of town. The possibilities here were endless.
"So you're in?" I asked.
"Oh, believe me, I'm more than in," Erin said. "I'm excited about getting to know you better."
As I finished off my coffee, I was so turned on. When we hugged goodbye, both of us held on a little longer than necessary.
There were a couple of other details that I hadn't divulged to Erin. As you know, I love the elements of surprise and shock.
We flew out separately to Honolulu, with me arriving first. Our cruise left at night, and she couldn't come till the morning-of. I went to the spa at my beachfront hotel, dined on mahi mahi with sliced pineapple, and napped outside underneath a big red umbrella in my new swimsuit. I didn't masturbate even though I was overflowing with sexual energy in anticipation of the cruise.
Erin's flight was delayed, but thankfully she made it on time. We met at the cruise terminal, our embrace even more spirited than last time in Seattle. I liked that when she wore heels, we were eye to eye.
As we handed off our big suitcases to the porters and began rolling our carry-ons up the gangway, Erin glanced around. "Wow, there are a lot of tall, good-looking men on this cruise. Not to mention the Amazon queens like us."
"That's no accident," I said. "I called a friend of mine in Bellingham who runs a travel agency. She did a little digging and found they've booked a Meet-Up group on this cruise called Singles over Six Feet. Americans, Canadians, Aussies, Germans, Spaniards, you name it."
"Gosh, that's a pleasant surprise," Erin said. "But are we OK? We're not six feet."
"Oh, but we bring a whole lot more to the party than inches," I said with a wicked smile.
We caught a lot of admiring glances from men and women alike as we headed down a long corridor on Deck Four to Cabin 4804. Erin produced her key card and opened the door. "After you, Mademoiselle."
It was beyond spacious. A huge, curtained window overlooked the king-sized bed with red silk sheets and sumptuous pillows, with a black leather couch to one side. A bowl of grapes, strawberries, and kiwis sat atop the well-stocked mini-bar. An ice bucket with a bottle of Moet awaited on the coffee table. The bathroom, laden with marble fixtures, was nearly as big as the main cabin.
"Look at what we have here," I said, stretching my arms triumphantly. "Nothing but the best."
Erin's eyes were fixed on the bed. "This is absolutely spectacular. Um...I know we didn't discuss this...are you comfortable with sharing the bed?"
"Absolutely," I said. "Are you?"
Erin laughed with relief. "Oh goodness, yes. The department sends me to two or three conferences a year, usually with Jill, who I think you met in Austin. Anyway, we don't have much of a budget, so usually we share. But it's the Hilton Garden Inn or Courtyard by Marriott, not the Celebrity Sil-hou-ette."
She pronounced the last word slowly and teasingly, catching my eye.
"And this time, it's me, not Jill," I said pointedly.
Erin winked at me, and went into the bathroom to unpack her toiletries.
"Do you want to get out and see the ship?" she asked.
"Oh, not just yet," I said. "We've got plenty of time. We don't sail till 6."
With casual grace, I began to undress. There were plush cotton bathrobes lying on the bed. When I was fully nude, I bent over the bed, well aware that I was exposing my unshaven cunt and ass from behind to Erin. There was a mirror next to the TV, and I saw her watching me in the bathroom mirror.
I opened the curtains, my bathrobe loosely done up, my tits largely on the display. A handsome young Spanish guy in white khakis walked past the window, and his mouth opened visibly at the sight of me. I made eye contact and smiled at him.
Erin, who had come out of the bathroom, saw what I was doing. "Oh my. This is going to be fun. So...do we have any house rules?"
"What on earth do you mean by that?" I asked saucily. I leaned over, grabbed the champagne, and poured us each a flute. We toasted: "To an amazing cruise!"
"What do I mean?" Erin said. "Gosh, why do you put me at a loss for words?" She laughed and sipped her champagne. "I guess I mean, how do we go about entertaining callers in this room? Do you want to leave a sock on the door handle?"
I opened my mouth in mock indignation. "Oh. Please. Erin. Are we 19? I thought you were a prof at U of W, not a student."
Erin slapped me on the arm. "OK, then, smarty-pants. What do you propose?"
"I propose...an indecent proposal," I said. "I don't mind who you have in here or when you have him in here. Or her. And I expect the same courtesy and consideration from you, young lady."
Erin's eyes widened. "Oh my. Well...I can roll with that. I've never done it before, to be honest."
"There are more than 2,500 passengers on this ship. To the best of my knowledge, I don't know any of them. I plan to take full advantage of that. In every sense."
"So naughty," said Erin.
"This is going to go way beyond 'naughty,'" I said.
We strolled around the ship before dinner and slipped into an intimately lit piano bar on Deck Two for a cocktail beforehand. I was wearing a red summer dress with a plunging neck line and a new black lace thong from Bellefleur Lingerie underneath, paired with strappy black sandals that showcased my new pedicure with Lincoln Park After Dark polish.
Captain Tollefsen, a distinguished, well-built Norwegian in his early 50's, had stopped us to welcome us on board as we strutted through the lobby. Something in his blue eyes reminded me of Ryan O'Neal. I flirtatiously asked how he'd ended up in his current position and he told me he'd served 20 years in the Norwegian navy before turning to commercial travel. His upright bearing evoked the older men I used to crush on as a teenager.
On top of the captain's greeting, I'd noticed a lot of guys giving me the once-over and women eyeing me with sidelong envy. I was feeling very aroused and my nipples were standing out underneath my new porn star-style bra from La Perla. And it wasn't just from the air-conditioning in the bar.
I put down my Manhattan and turned to Erin. "Well, look what we have here."
"Isn't that the young guy who was checking you out through our cabin window?"
It sure was. The Spanish man - who couldn't have been more than 25 or 26 - had just taken a seat at the bar and ordered a beer. He glanced to the side, where we were seated in a little banquette. Maybe he was shy. Well, I wasn't.
I reached into my handbag and pulled out my new pink Mini-Wand.
Erin didn't realize what it was. "What's that? What are you doing?"
"Having fun." I discreetly hiked up my skirt, giving him a nice view under the table. The bartender could see my crotch as well. He made no move to interfere.
When the Spaniard turned to look at me, I smiled at him again. I turned on the Mini-Wand and applied it over my panties to my cunt lips. I hadn't been on board for two hours, and already I was masturbating in public.
Erin watched, stunned but approving. Two older women speaking German came into the bar and saw immediately what I was doing. One of them exclaimed something, and they hurriedly left. Good. That was a turn-on too.
I was so fucking wet. The Spaniard had turned his body to watch what I was doing. He wasn't even pretending that nothing was going on. I put my right sandal up on the bench next to Erin, who had cast her eyes downward - not demurely, but gazing at my cunt. I pulled the front of my panties aside so I could stimulate my labia and clit directly. Fuck yes. I was loving the audience, feeling Erin's warmth next to me as well as the Spaniard's electric eyes.
I sipped my drink once more and then used my free hand to stimulate my nipples, rubbing side to side over the fabric of my dress. I held the Mini-Wand in place. Fuck, fuck, fuck, yes. I was going to leave a wet spot where I was sitting. It turned me even more to know that others would be sitting in my fucking cunt juice.
My orgasm mounted up, unstoppable. As it hit, I let out a raw little cry, showing my teeth, disinhibited in front of both my friend and these strangers. For a moment, I lay back, recovering from the intense pleasure of my exhibitionism, my heart pounding and my cunt still throbbing. Then I sat up.
"Shall we go to dinner?"
Erin was in awe of what I'd done. I could see it in her eyes even though she didn't say anything as we polished off our drinks. As for me, I was excited to know that I could get away with whatever the fuck I wanted to do on this cruise.
As we passed the Spaniard, I leaned down and murmured in his ear.
Two hours later, several things were contributing to my pleasure even more than our feast of lobster bisque, prime rib, Caesar salad, and tiramisu.
First, I'd found out that the Spaniard, whose name was Miguel, was here on his honeymoon with his 20-year-old bride from Barcelona. She was a cute little slip of a girl - spoke good English, but very naive. We'd been seated coincidentally at the same banquet table for dinner. I'd asked Erin to distract the girl with some chit-chat about her recent trip to Turkey, while I left, claiming a headache, and her husband said he was going to talk to the admin desk about a possible room upgrade.
Second, Miguel was so fucking turned on by me that he didn't give a shit about his little senorita. We couldn't contain ourselves as we walked down the corridor toward 4804. He pushed me up against the wall and we started making out passionately, his hands roaming all over my curves and his young hard-on shoved up against me, as a shocked family with two teenage daughters brushed past us. In the room, I had to unload some Merlot before we started playing. I left the bathroom door so that Miguel could get a good look at me pissing. He watched intently and then knelt to lick my pisshole clean when I was done.
Third, I heard a click at the door that I'd been hoping and hoping for. It opened, and Erin came in. She clearly hadn't realized we'd still be playing. Her mouth opened wide. Miguel was kneeling between my thighs as I reclined on the couch with the remainder of the champagne. He was eating me out and doing a fucking good job, lapping at my inner labia, sucking my clit deep into his mouth, and flicking it deliciously with his tongue. I was moaning with pleasure as I made eye contact with Erin. Miguel turned his head.
"Don't stop, boy, keep eating me," I ordered. "Fuck, that feels good. Hello, Erin."
"Hi," said Erin with a broad grin. I raised my hand and she squeezed it congratulatorily as she passed, leaning down to pick up her Miriam Toews book. Feeling her soft skin while I got eaten out by a complete stranger cheating on his young wife with me felt incredible.
As Miguel licked urgently at my bead, the knowledge that tonight his piece-of-shit wife was going to taste my piss and my cream when he kissed her started to push me over the edge. But I needed even more service.
"Put a finger up my ass," I told Miguel. "Nice and easy. Fill my hole while you eat me."
He didn't hesitate as I arched my hips for him. He had a nice thick forefinger that filled me like a cock as Erin stood there, watching, clearly turned on by discovering what a slut and an exhibitionist I am.
Erin hadn't closed the cabin door properly. A Filipina maid with a gold crucifix around her neck was pushing a trolley past and stopped to watch. Miguel licked my clit rapidly, side to side, and the feeling of a new pair of eyes on me catapulted me into an overwhelming orgasm.
He had to leave soon afterwards to get back to wifey. Erin shut the door and sat next to me on the couch, stroking my hair. "Wow. So proud of you. I had no idea when I met you at that conference. Hell, not even when I invited you to my book club!"
"You see why I don't think I'll get much sleep on this cruise?" I said with a smile, breathing hard.
That was just the start of my seduction of Erin. But the tale of how I taught her to explore her bisexuality will have to wait for another time. See how I tease?