The following is a fictional chat between Kim (22) and Bob (late 20s). The chat involves roleplay and FFM (and to a lesser degree, FFMMM). All the characters and situations are fictional and written for erotic entertainment only.
*************************
Bob: whats the wildest sexual thing you've done?
Kim: in cyber, I have done lots... lol... in life it is pretty vanilla... one guy one girl...
Bob: what have you role played that was really kinky?
Kim: often multiple people...
Bob: do you fantasize about really trying it?
Kim: absolutely... that is why adult bookstores fasinate me... guys (and girls I guess) having sex or at least masturbating in semi-public...
Bob: ya, getting caught or seen is a definite thrill.... you should do it for real.... what do you look like?
Kim: 22... attractive enough... if I dress sexy/slutty, I get lots of positive looks... generally I don't like that attention and I wear baggy clothes...
Bob: I like a woman who doesn't show it off, but has it..... What is a fantasy you would like to play tonight?
Kim: I think a fantasy would be to let go and dress like a slutty maid and serve a group of guys drinking bear and watching football, playing cards, whatever..
Bob: That is VERY hot!
Kim: *smile*...
Bob: would you be doing more than serving?
Kim: (teasing) "maybe" :-) Tell me the names of the guys (girls?) you invite over for my "cumming out" party...
Bob: Clark, John, Lauren, Eric... and me of course!
Kim: *Smile* great... five of you, plus me... Tell me their ages...
Bob: all between 27-33
Kim: *smile again*... so I am the "young" one of the group... nice...
Kim: What did you tell them when you invited them?
strong_army_boy : Leaves...
Bob: ;)~ I met you at school and we hit it off.... I tell them I thought you'de be a good match for CLark, but it's only to hide the fact that I find you extremely attractive...
Bob: we are out for a drinking breakfast before a big footy game. I tell them that I have a big surprise for the game so chug the beer and lets go back to my place...
Kim: very good... I like it... (They are in for a surprise)
Bob: yes they are!
Kim: I excuse myself once we get to your house to change... what do you do while I'm out...?
Bob: we sit in the living room and start to get comfortable... I ask them what they think of you and dirty comments ensue... I shush them in case you can hear...
Kim: (Very nice... I like that they are making dirty comments about me... I was dressed in a sexy way, so such comments are likely... I am hot when I try to be... lol...)
Kim: Do you want me to have a maids outfit that is (1) modest (for now) (2) sexy (3) slutty?
Bob: that is what they said! Lauren was the most graphic...
Kim: Lauren??? hmmmm.... *smile*...
Bob: we're sitting in the living room waiting...."she's taking long enough... can't handle her booze?!?!"
Kim: I come out wearing only a maids front piece that ties in the back... it barely covers my tits and privates in the front, and my ass and beautiful back and shoulders are uncovered except for where the straps tie together... I am carrying a plate with five beer bottles for you to enjoy...
Bob: jaws drop...
Kim: "I think this will be a great game... I am glad we are all here together to watch it..." (teasing and sweet)
Bob: they move their gaze from you only to look to me to see if I knew this was going to happen, and then back to you...
Kim: "Can I get anyone else anything?"
Bob: nervous laughter as they accept their beer....
Kim: "chips? popcorn?"
Bob: there's silence for what seems like forever and then Lauren says "I'd love some"
Kim: I stand tall... my 22 year old body is nice and firm and I am clearly in great shape...
Kim: "be right back" I say sweetly and turn and walk out... my firm ass showing as I exit...
Bob: I knew from school you were beautiful, but never knew you'de been covering a body like this....
Bob: "Oh my god", "That is fucking hot!", "where the fuck did you find her?"
Bob: I just smile and wait for you to come back. My cock growing in my pants as I sit there....
Kim: I walk back in with a bowl of potato chips and walk over to Lauren.. "Here darlin'... and I have popcorn in the microwave..."
Kim: (how is your cock now in life?)
Bob: as you turn away she slaps your bare ass...
Kim: I turn and playfully act shocked, but the smile on my face lets everyone know how pleased I am that Lauren likes what she sees...
Bob: (so fucking hard! This is really hot!)
Bob: (what are you wearing in real life? Do you like this?)
Kim: (yes, this is hot... I just stripped off my jeans and undies... legs naked and spread open... feels great... I want you to cum for me... cum hard...)
Bob: "firm!" Lauren comments... "you must work out... I havn't swung that way in a long time, but an ass like that makes me want to switch!"
Bob: (fuck baby, you have me so turned on.... I wish you were right here.... playing with my cock....)
Kim: (I wish I was there, too... my head between your legs... it would be soooo good...)
Bob: (god yess.... my balls are so tight right now... wishing you were here playing with them)
Kim: I smile at Lauren and wink... "I'm glad you approve..." and disappear into the kitchen...
Bob: (Wish you were here... licking my head... spitting on my shaft and stroking it...)
Kim: (Do you prefer a girl to swallow, or do you prefer to cum on her face????)
Bob: (I love cumming on a girls face... tits and ass.... I like when there is so much cum and the girl doesn't stop... licking it up and playing with it...)
Bob: (you?)
Kim: (yes... I really like when a guy to cums on me... anywhere... its great to see the cum shoot out of his cock and to see the expression on his face.... sooo hot!!!)
Bob: (God I'd love to show you!)
Kim: (mmmmm..... that would be nice... but you can cum for me anytime and tell me about it... :-) )
Kim: (do you want our story to continue, or just talk?)
Bob: (either way, I am really hard and horny. I can't wait to cum for you... but lets get back to the story...)
Bob: I turn my chair away from the tv and towards Lauren... "I am so horny" Lauren says.... we obviously have a history and she slides onto the floor between my legs.... "Darling, come back here..." she calls...
Kim: I walk back in.... my face somehow is even prettier than your remember.... and the maid front is barely covering a beautiful 22 year old sexy body...
Bob: Lauren says "Kim?"
Kim: "yes, Lauren, how can I serve you?"
Bob: My cock, nearly busting out of my pants.. Lauren is rubbing my legs and pulling you in with her gaze...
Bob: she unzips my pants and motions you over to join her..
Kim: I walk right next to Lauren and watch her...
Bob: you hear the others whistle and clap, but the words aren't clear...
Kim: I get on my knees and scoot right next to Lauren... shoulder to shoulder...
Bob: she leans over and kisses you... hard and dirty... tongues sliding everywhere...
Kim: I moan at her touch and taste... and kiss her back like a starving person eating for the first time...
Bob: she takes your hand while you're kissing and pushes it onto my cock through my pants...
Bob: (god, my cock is throbing for you...)
Kim: I continue to kiss Lauren, and my hand starts to rub your hard(!) cock... I moan as I feel you and know you are hard and horny and pleased with me...
Bob: my cock tenses at your touch... hard as a rock, my cock is throbing already, so turned on by the situation....
Kim: I take my other hand and unbutton your jeans... using both hands I pull your jeans to your ancles, then before you can react, I pull your shorts to your ancles as well, exposing your hard throbbing cock... my hands return to your cock and balls and gently carress them as I continue to make out with Lauren...
Kim: (How does it feel to have your cock out in front of your guy friends? Are they still in the room?)
Bob: (I don't even notice them, but they are there...)
Bob: I moan, watching you two kiss makes my balls tighten and fill with cum.... I hold your hair out of the way so I can watch...
Bob: i look up and see my other friends, sitting there watching and rubbing their cocks through their pants as they get the best show they never expected....
Kim: I can feel your hands moving my hair... I get burning between my legs konwing that you like looking at me kiss Lauren... looking at my body....
Bob: i reach around and start to spread your ass cheeks. Larens starts to rub your tits and pinch you nipples.....
Kim: The knot on my maids front loosens and unties... it falls to the floor and I am totally naked and exposed to you, Lauren, and the guys.. my hot young firm 22 year old body a pleasure island for you all...
Bob: lauren looks over and sees that you have my cock fully out and she moans as well in anticipation of it.... "My god, where did you find this hot little slut?!?!"
Kim: I smile as she calls me a hot little slut... you smile back at Lauren for finding me...
Bob: my cock is standing straight up, hard as a rock. Lauren looks down at it... "well, what are you going to do with it? DOn't tell me you're a little tease?!"
Kim: I look at Lauren... "whats wrong with a little teasing?" I say playfully and, before she can respond, I pull her shirt off over her head... she has on no bra, and her tits are exposed to you and the other guys in the room... Her nipples are HARD and I say "see... you like my teasing ways..." *smile*
Kim: Your cock jumps as you see Laurens tits and hard nipples... "And so does he..." *smile*
Bob: She gives you a sly smile... she slowly reaches down and pulls down her pants as well and looks at the guys who have their cocks out already, jerking them and watching silently...
Kim: "Who is the tease now?" I say to Lauren as I admire her firm naked body...
Bob: "i want to see you fuck him " she whispers into your ear...
Bob: Lauren leans back on the floor, feet rubbing on your body and starts to rub her own clit...
Kim: I whisper back "OK, but I will have your face between my thighs before this night is over..." and then I turn to you and your throbbing cock... I crawl toward you like a tiger.... licking my lips as I inch toward you....
Bob: (oh, I'm jerking my cock rightnow thinking about you... I wish i was there, sliding my throbing dick into your wet pussy) Oohhh yessss... I moan as I watch you take me...
Kim: I kiss your knees, and then your thighs... I lick to your sack and gently kiss it as well... you cock throbs and throbs... "How do you want to cum, my dear?" I say, letting you know that any wish or desire will be granted...
Bob: MMmmm... I want to cover you in my cummmm...
Kim: I smile and put my face before your cock... I close my mouth, making my lips tight like an 18 year old virgins cunt, but wet and ready for taking... my hands rub all over your body, squeezing your nipples and ass, rubbing your sides and legs... "Damn" one of the guys say as he watches me seduce you...
Bob: "Fuck ya" Lauren says as she rubs furiously "cumm all over that hot little slut....."
Bob: "All over her face" one of the guys says as he continues to strike his cock
Kim: I open my lips slighly and your tip gets in... it is warm and wet... and you push harder to get more in... my tongue is being used to make it tight and hot, and you feel like you are fucking a young pussy... "DAMN" you say and you start to thrust and fuck my pussy mouth...
Bob: Fuck ya... take it all in that tight little pussy mouth......
Kim: Just then one of the guys moans and cum shoots out all over my tan back and ass... Lauren moans as she sees the guy cum and sees it on my backside...
Bob: she sits up, still masterbating and starts to lick it down your back and onto (and into) your asshole... seeing you covered in cum gets me even hornier....
Kim: You fuck my pussy mouth until I feel you about to cummm (watching Lauren pushes you closer)... I take your cock out and stroke it for you... you grab it yourself and stroke with me... I smile and beg you to CUMMM CUMMM CUMM ON MY FACE AND TITS AND BELLY AND PUSSSY!!!!
Bob: thats it baby... make me blow my fucking load all over you.....
Kim: The other guy cums and cums and cums on me and it gets onto Laurens face between my ass cheeks... "OH YEAH!" he says as he cummmmmms
Bob: i feel it filling my cock... so fucking cllose ...
Kim: "Cum on baby" I whisper as you get closer... "Cum for me now!"
Bob: Lauren is covered in cum and she starts to cum as well,,, now there just me,, you've made a room full of people cummmm...
Kim: Lauren's cum filled face rises from my ass and she says "Cum for us both..."
Bob: (write a long paragraph and i will shoot my huge hot load for you...)
Kim: Lauren reaches around and rubs cum on my tits and pulls me back.. you see my wet hot pussy for the first time....
Bob: you spit on my cock as I jerk it... the cum dripping off of your back and ass... lauren rubs it into your tits as welll and sucks her fingers....
Kim: Lauren and I are begging you to cum on us both... cum on our faces... cum on our tits... cum on our pussies...
Bob: that's it..... more.........
Kim: Lauren reaches around and starts to fuck my pussy with her cum covered fingers... we beg you to cum on us....
Bob: i am close now...... keep going..... (long paragraph and it will put me over....)
Kim: Lauren pulls my face toward her and she starts to kiss me and fuck my mouth with her toungue...
Kim: her hands in my pussy... fucking me with her fingers... her toungue fucking my mouth... cum all over both of us... totally naked totally hot...
Bob: YESSSS..... DON'T STOPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP
Kim: One guy cums for a second time..."DAMN THIS IS THE HOTTEST HTING I HAVE EVER SEEN" he says as cum shoots all over the two of us ..
Bob: IM CUMMING.......
Kim: I am at Laurens mercy... a hot young 22 year old getting finger and tounge fucked in front of three naked guys cumming on us... its so hot...
Kim: then the other guy also cums for a second time... I cannot breath under all this cumm....
Bob: So fucking good... My cum squirts all over your face and tits.... jetting out all over, hot and sticky..
Kim: Lauren pulls her hands out of my pussy and I lay there before you... so hot, so firm, so young, so naked, so slutty...
Kim: (Cum in life?)
Bob: Mmmmm.... Thank you (yes...)
Bob: that was realy hot...
Kim: Have you ever cum in front of multiple people before in life? in front of a guy before in life?
Kim: Yes, that was a hot story... I agree... (If I say so myself... lol...)
Bob: i had a threesome once... never cum in front of a guy though....
Bob: i can't wait to do this again!
Kim: who were the girls in your threesome?
Kim: you there?
Kim: ... hello? ...
Kim: ... Hello? ...