Darian and her friends arrived in Las Vegas for Tiffany's stagette party bubbling with excitement. The six of them had been friends for years, four of them having met in university, and they had been consistently having incredible adventures together ever since. That vacation was likely going to be the wildest yet because it was the first marriage in the group and they planned on celebrating to the fullest extent.
The six attractive women had found each other within the party scene of their town. Raves, house parties, bush parties, rented cabin parties, rented house-boat parties, Burning Man, Shambhala, Coachella and dozens of smaller music festivals were their home away from home every chance they got. Each were bright, disciplined, free-spirited people who helped one another be the best versions of themselves possible. Each member of the friend-group was able to lean on the others when things got rough and they were fiercely protective of one another.
Darian thought of herself as one of the more conservative members of the gang, but that wasn't saying much. None of them conformed to normal expectations regarding attractive, young women of their generation. None of them spent time on social media, they didn't use their looks to gain anything, they pursued female driven businesses with feminist ideals, but thoroughly enjoyed having sex with and adoring deserving men.
Likely the outsider, unorthodox lifestyle they enjoyed came from the festival world. The concepts of living in harmony with the Earth, leaving no trace environmentally and walking through the world with compassion as a guiding principle often left acquaintances not in the scene bemused by the way Darian's posse behaved. Principals garnered through drug use.
Doing hallucinogenic drugs had changed her, for the better in her estimation, nd doing hallucinogens was their plan for Saturday night.
They arrived in Vegas Thursday afternoon, gathered in the suite Tiffany was staying in and drank some mimosas to get caught up, having not all been in the same room for months. That night they went clubbing, dressed in sequins and stilettos, slutty bar outfits that were costumes to them the same way business suits were at some of their jobs. They were hippies through and through, but for Thursday night they were queens of the glamorous Las Vegas night life.
Carmen was the maid-of-honour and had prepared thoroughly. Having compiled a list of all the activities the ladies wanted to do in Vegas, she then picked the ones that were the most popular choices and put those in a hat for Tiffany to pick. Friday afternoon, slightly hungover, the six went gambling, indoor skydiving and walked the strip, ending with the fountains at the Bellagio. Then, after supper, they went to see the Cirque Du Soleil show 'O'. All perfectly touristy events.
After the Cirque show they went to the eleven pm. performance of the Thunder From Down Under male strip show in their hotel. When they told the hostess they were a bachelorette party, she took Tiffany up on stage and the men danced for her in front of the whole crowd.
Saturday was similar, with some time at the pool, more gambling, cruising the strip, dinner at the Medieval feast in their hotel followed by much needed naps. Afterwards they gathered in Tiff's suite for nine pm and the adventure they were all most nervous and exited about.
"Alright ladies we have gathered for tonight's Scavenger Hunt festivities" Carmen began. "We are all dressed appropriately I see."
Each of them were wearing simple, sexy, summer dresses that would be easy to take off and didn't matter if they got messy. On their feet they wore sandals and nothing else, no bras and no panties as per instructions.
At music festivals, Darian often went without any clothes at all except a special, leather party belt and boots, but out in the Default World, as her crowd call the normal world, being nude in public was frowned upon. Wearing such revealing outfits was titillating and Darian already felt the sexual tension in the room building.
"I'm texting each of you the contest point system so you can see what you're scoring when youscoreout there."
Each woman went silent as they read the text.
'Each participant is required to appear in photographs with naked penises.
1pt for an exposed penis
5pts for holding a penis
10pts for sucking a penis
15pts for fucking a penis
20pts for anal
+5pts for each cumshot.'
"It's simple. You each have from 10 pm until 2 am to gather as many points as possible then be back here to tally them up. The winner gets $1000 and the crown as the Queen of Cocks for all time, or until we do this again at Josie's wedding."
They laughed a very nervous sounding gale, all of them slightly wide-eyed and anxious. None of them had done this sort of thing out in the Default World. This was a private party sort of thing, with men they knew already, not random strangers. Over the years they had been collectively edging toward something this outrageous and they'd all suspected tonight was going to be extreme, but none were fully prepared for that list.
"The rules are; all phones on airplane mode while out in the wild. If you need help, I'm sending you the concierge's number. Annette knows our phones are gong to be off and I told her if anyone needs help they will call her. She'll take care of us."
Carmen pulled out a container of differently shaped chocolates wrapped in bright tinsel she'd brought from home in her luggage. Dumping out most of them, she selected six larger, pie-shaped forms. Passing them to her friends, she told them "These have two grams of mushrooms in them. If we take them now, everyone should be high just after ten or so."
As Carmen put the decoy chocolates back in the container, everyone else ate the homemade ones. Carmen was well trusted with her baking/chemistry. The chocolates she made always contained perfect doses, no duds and no overdoses. They'd each eaten her chocolates many times, but it still felt outrageous to be getting high and scrambling around a city, not the forests they usually romped in.
Once they had each eaten their chocolate, they anxiously nattered with each other, watching the clock and waiting to feel the effects of the shrooms. Darian wasn't too worried about the sexual aspect of the adventure, she didn't expect herself to do anything more than give a few hand-jobs and maybe suck a handsome guy's dick later, if she found anyone sexy enough.
In that group, Darian was in the bottom third of general attractiveness, in her estimation. The others were taller, blonder, bustier and more tan. At five foot four only Giselle was shorter than Darian, while Charmaine was the tallest at five foot ten. Darian had long, dark, brown hair, that she dyed recently to cover all the highlights the sun had bleached in over the years since she'd last cut it. In part to contrast against the rest of her posse, in part for a change, she'd matched the colour to her roots and had a natural look, but all uniform instead of multi-hued from multiple years of lightening.
Consistently tanned all summer, in the deep of winter, as it was then, Darian grew pale, her skin nearly white, green eyes popping in her pallid face. Most of the others tanned all year and had planned for the Vegas heat early. The time by the pool had only given Darian a light blush of pink as she'd been very careful with sunscreen.
All of the friends were athletic, their favourite hobby dancing to amazing music, so they were lean and fit, but some went to the gym consistently, most hiked and climbed, all rode bikes regularly and did yoga daily. Among the friends, Darian was easily the most petite, the dainty brunette the smallest bosomed, thinnest hipped and lightest muscled. No matter how much exercise she got, Darian never bulked up, her long, lean muscles hard, but sleight under her smooth skin.
As Darian ogled her friends and compared her body to theirs, she understood the mushrooms must be coming on. They had a tendency to turn her introspective, if she wasn't outwardly engaged.
"I think I'm feeling the 'shrooms" she told everyone.
"Me too" Giselle chimed in. The two smallest of them feeling it first.
The women talked about who was feeling what for a time and before long it was five minutes to ten, the Game to begin in mere moments.
"See you in four hours. Set your alarms!" Carmen called.
They spilled out of the suite, into the elevator and then the night, a gaggle of slightly stoned, young women, dressed sexily and looking for trouble.
Darian wandered down the road and staggered into New York, New York, drawn by the lights and sounds, the mushrooms hitting hard by then, the lights wiggling, her eyes unable to fully focus anymore. More in control than if she were equivalently drunk, Darian was still intoxicated and grinned to herself at being stoned around sober people.
Settling in a bar with a view of some gambling, shops, restaurants and all the teeming people parading back and forth, she ordered a coke and took in her surroundings. Utterly overwhelmed by the sights and sounds in a way she revelled in, Darian enjoyed being high as she sipped her soda and let everything wash over her. It was difficult to focus anyway, but she smiled beatifically as most stimulus simply passed through her, her thoughts occupied by trying to figure out what to think about and how to think at all.
"Hi. You look pretty happy. Did you win?"
"Huh?"
Darian struggled to focus her eyes on the towering black man leaning on the bar next to her. The bright red dress shirt he wore dominated her vision, but she perceived white pants, some gold flashing at his wrist and neck, the rich dark of his flesh and the white of his smile. The huge man bent way over and Darian was disoriented looking up at him, uncertain for several seconds if it were simply the mushrooms or if he were actually that tall.
"You have a fantastic smile on your face," he said "or you did. Now you look confused. I apologize for bothering you."
"Are you a giant?"
He laughed a kind laugh that lacked sincerity. He got that a lot, she surmised.
"I guess so. Does six foot eight count as being a giant?"
"Whoa! Six-eight?! I'm five-five!" Darian was shocked. "That's more than a foot! I'm like an eight year old next to you!"
The big man chuckled.
"You don't look like no eight year old I ever saw?"
"Can I see your hand?"
Holding up her own dainty one for comparison, she pressed palm to palm with the huge appendage he offered. Darian's spread hand covered only his palm, barely reaching the beginning of his fingers. Looking at the thick fingers and touching his smooth skin, Darian abruptly recalled the scavenger hunt and wanted very badly to find out if his penis was as impressive.
"What's you name?"
"Booker. Yours?"
"Darian. Booker, can I ask you weird favour?"
Clutching his hand in both of hers, she implored him, the warm touch exciting in her heightened, sexually titillated state.
"Sure. Weird is fun."
"I'm in town for a stagette party and we're on a scavenger hunt. But, the stuff we are supposed to find is... um... sexual..."
Reaching for her phone she opened it and showed him the text with the rules.
'Each participant is required to appear in photographs with naked penises.
1pt for an exposed penis
5pts for holding a penis
10pts for sucking a penis
15pts for fucking a penis
20pts for anal
+5pts for each cumshot.'
"Could I take a picture with your penis? Is that too weird?"
With the mushrooms messing with the cones in her eyes, Darian had a difficult time assessing his expression, his face was morphing and shifting constantly as her drug addled brain attempted to piece together scrambled information. It seemed as if he were shocked and re-reading her list. Darian herself had no possible chance of reading her phone at that moment, but that list was easy to remember.
"Girl, this is super fucking freaky... and I'm down to do this whole damn list with you!"
The mirth in his deep voice made her smile, but Darian was certainly not going to do most of those things that night.
"Let's take it a step at a time and see where we get" she demurred.
"My room is upstairs..." he offered.
Darian was at a crossroads that, if she weren't high, would have been a hard no. However in the state she was in and in the spirit of the game, she agreed far faster than she would have believed. Remembering the warmth of his palm, she felt a tingle between her legs thinking about how big his penis might be. Nervously chattering with him as they walked to the elevator, she was disappointed when he ran into a friend.
"This is Sam, my teammate."
Another giant of a man appeared from the swirling crowd, a long, lean fellow like Booker.
"This is Darian. She's on a scavenger hunt. Maybe he should join us. He also has what your looking for."
Bemused, Darian realized that was true, but the idea of being alone with two strangers with their cocks out seemed ludicrous. Yet, that was precisely what she was supposed to be doing.
"Great! Would you like to join us upstairs?" Darian offered, a thrill of fearful excitement enlivening her body.
"Uhhh... I mean, whassup?"
"Show him your phone" Booker encouraged as they stood near the elevators.
Feeling like the biggest slut in the world, Darian showed the list to Sam, her body trembling with rising passion thinking about having two huge cocks to play with. 'Not fuck' she thought loudly to herself 'definitely not fuck, but maybe suck...?' Just the thought made her legs weak.
In the elevator the men asked a bunch of questions about the scavenger hunt, but the only answers were that her friend were free spirits who loved to play sexual games and were open to almost anything. In turn, Darian discovered they were part of a university basketball team in town for a big tournament.
They never asked if she were high, and didn't seem to suspect, but they offered her a beer in the hotel room. Sipping one, the taste unappealing on drugs, she was grateful, her mouth dry with nerves, so she was happy for the fluid.
"So, how do you want to begin?" Booker asked, obviously eager, but trying hard to be cool.
"Oh, uh, well there is no rule about you needing to be erect, so we can just snap some pics right away, if you don't mind exposing yourselves."
Darian tried to adopt a professional demeanour, hoping to dial down the sexual tension she felt rising in the room. The young woman had no intention of having a three-way with those guys.
Shrugging, both men stood, looming over her and unzipped their trousers. Pulling out her phone, Darian opened her camera and reversed the image so she saw herself. Well, she sort of saw herself, blurry eyes from the mushrooms made it extremely difficult to focus. Kneeling between them, she scooched close and aimed the camera at her own face.
"Stand close and get into frame" she instructed and glanced side to side to see two long, dark members thrusting toward her face. Both men massaged themselves to fullness as she watched, enraptured by the sheer sizes she was beholding. Both men had semi-erect penises that were larger than the erections she was used to seeing. How big would they get?
Making cheesy, selfie faces, Darian posed with the two growing penises, smiling, making kissy faces and laughing as she witnessed them get larger and larger before her eyes. As everything she saw rippled, Darian did the best she could to photograph what was happening, but she couldn't see well enough.
The door to the room opened and a third towering man entered.
"Whoa!"
Going still, he took in the pretty brunette on her knees trying to photograph two exposed cocks aimed at her face.
"Hey Carter, help Darian out and take some photos of her with us, ok?"
Booker was clearly profoundly amused by the situation and Darian laughed nervously at being caught in such a compromising position.
"You got it man."
Carter took her phone and Darian blushed as he started snapping pics of her sandwiched between two fully erect members. The men pressed close and brushed her cheeks with the massive knobs of thick, long erections. Beside herself with wonder at the size of them, Darian gaped and mugged for the camera, eager to share these shots with her friends later.
"Ok, next you have to give us hand-jobs, right?" Sam suggested and Darian realized she was very likely going to get carried away soon.
Reaching up, she wrapped her tiny fingers around the two thick shafts, impressed by the girth and the heat. Silky, smooth skin tantalized her palms as she stroked them and comically expressed her shock at their size for the camera. As Carter took several photos, Booker told him about the scavenger hunt.
"The next task is to suck the cocks, isn't it?" he gently suggested and Darian heard the hope in his voice. Knowing she was plummeting off a dangerous precipice, she proceeded to lick and kiss Booker's tip, the warm flesh exciting to her lips and tongue.
"Fuck yes." Booker hissed.
Then, to be fair, Darian switched to Sam and did the same for him while Carter took several photos with her phone. Submitting to her growing desire, Darian opened her mouth and slurped long wet strokes along the whole length of Sam's heavy manhood. Feeling carnal need filling every part of her, Darian mewled as she experienced a keen hunger to take as much of Sam into her mouth as possible.
The camera clicked as she engulfed the first few inches of the massive erection and cupped his balls with her left hand. Stroking Booker with her other hand, she shuddered with animal longing, her body warming and growing wetter as she grew desperately horny. Giving in for several moments, she fucked her own mouth with Sam's glorious cock, drooling and moaning as she indulged her basest appetite.
When Booker cupped her dripping chin and guided her mouth back to him, she did the same for that wonderful erection as well, moaning as her lust grew acute. Indulging in her growing hunger for cock, she felt expanding lust deep in her being. Slurping on the enormous erection in her mouth, she stroked the one she had just been sucking, the wet drool she'd left the perfect lubricant.
The phone was no longer clicking and Carter held his own big cock in hand, pushing it toward her mouth. Sam took the phone and captured the moments Darian rubbed Carter's cock over her lips, stroking him, peering at the camera and then sucked him into her willing mouth as well. Three cock, three handjobs, three blowjobs and numerous points. Darian was trembling with desire as she took turns sucking each cock for several moments.
"I think we better make sure we knock few more items off that list, don't you Darian?" Booker asked.
"Please. Yes please, somebody fuck me."
Beside herself, shameless in her excitement, Darian stood and let the big men strip the dress and sandals from her body. Huge hands groped her small breasts and firm ass while she whimpered with lust as fingers the size of small cocks fitted into her vagina, rubbing deep inside with powerful fingers. Writhing from the mouths on hers and the tongues on her nipples, she was too high to know who was doing what, her body aflame with sensations she could hardly endure.
They lay her on the nearest hotel bed and Booker climbed on top of her. Fitting his cock to her slippery opening, the huge athlete eased his massive knob into her and Darian wailed as her pussy was stretched further than she'd ever felt. Wide open and filled to the limit by thick cock, she tried to look at Booker's face, but his features twisted and throbbed with mushroom induced kaleidoscopic confusion.
"Yesss, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" she wailed as Booker began to pound her slippery pussy with his glorious manhood. Beside her, Carter once more took photos, documenting her face as she was stuffed with manhood. Then, Carter took several photos of Booker's wide shaft piercing her between the thighs. Embarrassed by the intimate photos, she felt a thrill at how lewd she was being.
"Try not to cum man, We all gotta fuck her still" Sam said.
"Yeah, wait until we've all had a go, then we can all finish on her face. That would be amazing" Carter enthused.
In her delirium, as a powerful climax approached, Darian felt conflicted by being left out of that conversation. Perversely, she got a thrill from these big, fit, muscular men doing anything they wanted to her. The overwrought young woman was their willing sex toy now, eager for whatever they wanted from her. But, it washerbody they were talking about, she was certain she was supposed to feel put out, yet she got a thrill from being used by them.
Booker withdrew from her and Darian's climax abated. Laying still, languid and loose limbed, she lounged exposed as the next man replaced Booker. Carter scrambled atop her and fitted his huge cock into her sopping sex. The orgasm she thought she'd lost roared back to life as Carter shoved himself all the way inside her. There was more of his cock to go, but Darian felt crammed full when Carter bottomed out inside her. Reaching down, she stroked several inches of shaft remaining outside her straining sex as his knob nudged the very depth of her vagina.
Sighing with passion, she groped his muscular body, inflamed by the sordid situations as Carter took his pleasure from her trembling body. The click of the camera told her someone was recording Carter's cock stretching her pussy. The click ignited the orgasm that had been hovering and Darian trembled as her body quaked with release, A long, low moan emerged from her throat as bliss clenched her rigid, the climax gripping her tight and crushing her lungs.
Squeezing his wide knob deep into her tightly gripping sex, Carter carried on fucking her as Darian arched up against him, her body seized by rapture. Shocked by how amazing her climax felt, Darian remained in a constricted spasm of ecstasy while Carter worked his mammoth manhood in and out of her clasping sex, the friction compounding her climax as his member scraped across her sensitive flesh.
"I gotta stop. I'm ready to pop already. Fuck is she tight!"
Carter pulled out and, with one final anguished surge of delight, Darian was finally released from her tormented euphoria. Taking rapid, gasping breathes as her body recuperated from so much pleasure, the ecstatic girl grinned gratefully as she lolled on the bed.
"Get her on all fours. Lets both fuck her" Sam suggested without consulting Darian. The woozy woman in question though that was a splendid idea, but she was too out of breath to comment.
Powerful hands manoeuvred her onto all four, Darian had little need to assist them as they bodily moved her with ease. Once they got her in position, Sam crawled behind her as Booker stood on the floor by her head and aimed his massive schlong at her mouth. Overjoyed to have two cocks, Darian shuddered with the aftershocks of her last orgasm even as Sam wedged his broad knob into her quivering cunt. Opening her mouth to moan, she extended her tongue and caressed Booker as the tall man pushed his tip past her lips.
Delightfully full at both ends, Darian shivered as another orgasm bloomed in her sex. Lewdly licking Booker with wanton abandon, Darian thrust her ass back at Sam and took more of his extensive erection into her greedy pussy. Ecstatic to hear Carter clicking away with the camera, she gave in to pleasure and once again trembled with climactic gratification while the two big men fucked her at both ends.
Booker's big hands wrapped around her throat and skull as he held her head still and fucked her mouth with slow, steady thrusts. With lascivious relish, Darian stroked her extended tongue all over the length of his shaft as far as she could reach, greedy for more, but unable to accommodate him further. At the other end, Sam held her hips and drove himself deep with fast, vigorous strokes, that periodically gagged her on Booker's thick tip.
While one part of her brain was fully capable of retaining her activities, the greater part of her mind was occupied with cataloguing just how much ecstasy she was experiencing. Enjoying the disoriented bouncing of the bed as the men fucked her, Darian was dizzy, discombobulated and off kilter. The grip of Sam's hands as he began groping her buttocks, prying her ass apart lewdly, grounded her at that end, even as Booker's hands held her head still. But inside, her brain was tilting and sloshing as she jounced around with their use of her climaxing body.
Thrilled by the wide cock spreading her pussy open, delighted by the slippery friction of his movements, she reached back and rubbed her burning clit, augmenting the enthralling orgasm she was still having. As if her tongue were an erogenous zone, she stroked her writhing organ everywhere she could reach on Booker's gnarled erection, the graze of is hot manhood over her tongue a salacious sensation.
Carter had finished documenting the current debauchery and fondled Darian's breasts as she bent over and received two wonderful erections into her erupting body. The groping hand pinched her nipples, tugged them and cupped her flesh warmly, adding even more stimulus to the already overwhelmed woman.
"Sounds like someone's having fun in here" a new voice proclaimed from the doorway, followed by "Holy shit!"
Mortified to be caught in the midst of her hedonistic depravity, Darian tried to disengage, but the men held her firmly in place as they carried on fucking her mouth and pussy.
"Helping out a damsel in need" Booker joked, his cock in her mouth.
"She's on a scavenger hunt for dick "Sam supplied, his own shoved into her pussy.
"She get points for every cock she touches, sucks or fucks." Booker added, the amusement in his voice contagious. Darian grinned around his still humping member, outraged by her friends' game and stunned that she was overjoyed to know another cock might be to be added to her orgy.
"We're recording everything on her phone." Carter joined in, his hands both caressing her flesh all over.
"Holy fuck" the new voice exclaimed. "I'll be right back."
Disappointed that he left, Darin comforted herself by continuing doing exactly what she had been doing, taking two long cocks as deep as their owners felt like stuffing them inside her. Beside herself with ecstasy from being so thoroughly satisfied by two muscular, sexy men and being groped by a third was plenty, she didn't need that random stranger who she hadn't even seen.
So stimulated, she was already forgetting he had been there when the man came back and brought others. Darian barely registered it until the room began filling with voices all commenting on what a slut she was being pierced the orgasmic fog she was surrounded in and she realized what was happening. The whole team seemed to be in the room. The men fucking her were exchanging high fives with new-comers, exclamations of shock reverberating off the walls with each new arrival. The added voices asked what was going on, complimented her body, and proclaimed that they were going to join in. The sounds battered her scattered mind, but one thing she knew, Darian wanted to fuck as many of these massive men as she could.
As the room filled with a very appreciative audience, Darian began a series of climaxes that shook her violently, her body clenching and convulsing, she squirted a wet stream of fluid over the huge cock jammed inside her pussy, she wailed around the cock moving in and out of her mouth and more and more hands groped her flesh. Someone rubbed her clit, both breasts were manhandled, hands groped her buttocks and legs, people began licking both feet and Darian was forced to hold on for dear life, gripping the mattress with her clenched hands as she climaxed with excruciating gratification.
Every synapse fired in extremity, blanketed over with the insistent ecstasy being wrung from her libido. Undone, awestruck by how utterly depraved she was being, Darian exploded with hedonistic abandon. Exhibiting total rapture to the men enjoying her body, she climaxing for them, because of them and because their attention was the most exciting sensation she had ever known.
Behind closed eyes, she saw a vista of colourful shapes and swirling patterns morphing and combining into fantastical designs vomited from her deepest psyche. When she focused herself enough to open her eyes, the mass of shining black skin undulated with rippling muscles moving hard bodies against her soft white flesh. The countless hands caressing and massaging her felt otherworldly, like a warm ocean of firm, satisfying water.
Men manoeuvred her so that her hands were filled with two more hard cocks and she instinctively tried to masturbate them, but the men had to hold her hands themselves and do most of the work, she was mostly focused on the beautiful member filling her mouth. Sucking and wiggling her tongue over the parade of cocks that passed her lips as she sucked who knew how many men in succession as she gave her mouth to them to use. The tastes, smells and sized varied and Darian was thrilled with the variety. Men moved in and out of her vagina and she curiously tried to differentiate between the men fucking her, but it was too difficult without being able to see them.
And still she came.
For brief moments she would stop cumming, catch her breath, shake her head and look around to see unfocused strangers all encouraging her, giving her instructions or just yelling exclamations. It was bewildering, but before long someone would fuck her, rub her or fill her mouth and she would be climaxing once again. The men positioned her in all manner of poses and the camera clicked continuously. They had been told about the points and they helped ensure every cock and where it went was documented.
Darian was oblivious to that, her mind a chaotic mass of colour and sensation. Obeying whatever orders penetrated her climactic fog, she lay this way, moved her legs that way, sucked this cock, lapped those balls, tongued this asshole and every other degrading perversion any one of them wanted. She sucked toes, gagged on fingers shoved down her throat, ran her tongue up and down the taints of proffered asses, giving as much pleasure as possible back to the men who had her cumming over and over in delirious ecstasy. Nothing was too vile for her in that state.
When they lay her atop a man lying on the bed face up, she willingly inserted his mammoth cock into her sopping sex. A man stood before her, so she took his cock into her mouth, one of a dozen before him. When someone pressed his knob to her anus, she felt momentary trepidation, but he was well lubricated and, with stupendous effort, she accepted his huge girth into her sphincter and discovered a new, profound level of pleasure as she was filled with cock in both vagina and ass. They moved together and the thin membranes separating them rubbed together with keen, exquisite friction that ignited another round of tremendous pleasure deep inside her body. Men lifted her hands to fill with cock and others held her weight, groping her chest again and rubbing her clit as she groaned in extremity, ravished with sensation and quivering with bliss.
The men pillaged her ass, as well as every other part of her and Darian benefited from the exploitation with such intense orgasms she grew debilitated, her limbs hardly responding to her commands, her body exhausted, but eager for more.
The men switched places, each despoiling her tender ass, fucking her slippery sex and making her clean them with her drooling mouth. Darian's nipples grew sore, her clit felt abraded and still she climaxed. The awkward positions they placed her in thrilled her, each providing as much access to her as possible, regardless of how difficult the pose was for her to hold, the domination exciting and provocative.
For several, sensational minutes they put her in reverse cowboy, a man in her vagina, her ass, two cocks in her hands and another in her mouth. They moved to a chair where she sat on two cocks, with another one in her mouth and two in her hands as she struggled to stay aware, orgasms robbing her of conscious thought.
Then things got weird as the men began trying to outdo one another in using her in the most unique way. They manhandled her on top of two cock as the men stood, holding her up and impaling her. Another guy stood on the bed, hunched over, his head on the ceiling as he fed his cock to the delirious woman being ravished. A few others wanted to pile-drive her. They put her on the floor, her shoulders and head resting, her hips in the air. A guy entered her vagina facing her head, while a second entered her ass facing away, the men back to back. Another guy fed her his cock which she sucked as she was filled by both men crouching over her upthrust hips.
The camera on her phone captured it all.
Inevitably the men couldn't resist any longer and they wanted to climax. As per Booker's instructions they positioned her on her knees in the middle of the room and Darian sucked and stroked as many hard cocks as she could while the men prepared to cum all over her, cataloguing each load for the points. As she knelt before them, men fondled her breasts, rubbed her pussy and fingered her ass, keeping her on the brink of, or falling over the edge of blissful oblivion as they made her cum continuously.
Darian didn't mind having men cum on her face, she was a good, giving and game lover, up for most things, but she was in no way prepared for the deluge that she received from the basketball team. As the first load spattered her face, she smiled and giggled as the hot spunk dribbled over her. Holding out her tongue, she caught some and swallowed hungrily, but as another man deposited a heavy load on her, she gasped at the impact, the hot fluid spraying her violently. Then another load arrived before the second man was done. Trying to lick and kiss them was difficult. Doing her best to thank them by suckling their knobs after they finished, she was soon overwhelmed as more and more sperm coated her face, shoulders, neck and chest.
Wet splashes of sperm flowed over her and she simply endured it, no longer jacking the men, or able to see them to know where they were. Cum filled the hollows of her tightly shut eyes, it spilled into her mouth as she held her tongue out as a target to hit. Jism filled her nostrils, oozed into her ears and slid down her entire front in a cascade.
During the first few loads, she periodically giggled, embarrassed by the intimate discharge. Soon however, as more cum painted her face with hot sperm, the embarrassment transformed to lust. Darian gave over to the sordid defilement with increasing pleasure. The odd, visceral proof of her desirability, even if messy and somewhat repugnant, filled her with a strange sense of pride to accompany the chagrin she felt about the slippery mess spilling over her.
The dichotomy danced over her mushroom fuelled brain, detonating new pleasures everywhere it happened to touch down. As a man shoved his cock in her mouth to clean after showering her with cum, Darian felt gratified by the man's pleasure even as she considered that she didn't know what he looked like and what a slut that made her. When another stranger drizzled her forehead with his hot spunk, she was in part gleeful for the reward for her efforts and ashamed of herself for enjoying the wet weight so much. Dizzy with her own confusing emotions, she submitted to her defilement with serenity, the drugs making it all feel physically and sexually amazing.
A dozen thick loads bespattered her whole body by the end. Darian knelt on the carpet, thighs spread wide, a man still fingering her clit as she quaked with orgasms while sperm trickled down her body in an oozing, tickling flow. Whimpering from his misuse of her tender clit, she climaxed envisioning the depravity she was exhibiting. Imagining what she looked like, Darian trembled with wanton fervour as she began using her fingers to scoop sperm into her hungry mouth. That unknown man fucked her clenching sex with his long fingers, plunging into her and rubbing her button while she greedily gathered as much cum as she could, scraping it into her lecherous mouth, thrilled by the sticky tribute she had so immorally earned.
When she could see again, Darian at last beheld the whole group of men who had been fucking her all night. With eyes still swirling from mushrooms, she took in the team of basketball players lounging round the room in their own post-orgasmic haze. Attempting to make sense of their features, each of them a slender, towering, muscular black man, she peered at them while transferring as much of their cum from her skin to her mouth as possible.
The man, who turned out to have been Booker, stopped fingering her burning clit and left her alone in the small, open space of the room as the team of tall, athletic men gazed at her. In a post-orgasmic haze she robotically cleaned herself with her sticky fingers. Licking cum from her hand, then wiping more from her flesh to repeat the process until she had cleaned as much as possible, Darian satisfied the animal need she felt to eat as much of their jism as she could.
Carter gingerly handed her phone back to her and Darian thanked him meekly, the sense of awe she felt from what she had done seeping in around the edges. Having the photographic proof she could show her friends felt exciting and overwhelming. Could she reveal to them what a huge slut she actually was? Darian herself couldn't believe what had just taken place. Counting, she confirmed that twelve men had just fucked her, the evidence still gleaming wetly on her skin.
Considering her state, she decided she wanted a shower and asked to use the one in the hotel room. Booker got her settled in with a towel and the bathroom to herself. In the hot flow of water, she bathed herself and helplessly masturbated, utterly stunned and inflamed by the depths of her debauchery.
Bidding farewell to her team of massive lovers, she made her meandering way back to her hotel. With plenty of time to spare before the deadline, she gave in to her lethargy and disorientation by slowly making her way back. The hot night air made her languid, the incredible fucking she'd received slowing her walk, her anus and vagina sore from the prolonged stretching they had endured, her jaw tight and stiff from being wide open so long.
As passing men ogled her, wet-haired, dazed and scantily clad, she considered adding more points to her tally, but fatigue prevented her from seducing anyone else. Relieved, Darian admitted that in the state she was in, stoned, delirious from orgasms and sleepy, she would likely drop to her knees and suck a guy on the busy sidewalk if anyone asked. Darian felt utterly uninhibited and overcome with sexual abandon. Nothing was off limits after taking so many men at once.
In a bizarre, drug fuelled challenge to herself she gazed at every passing male and dared any of them to proposition her, goading herself to test the limits of her new hedonistic liberation. Several men spoke to her, but none made any attempt to seduce her, or even stop walking, they just made lewd comments, making her shiver with hopeful passion. Sore as she was, Darian was still powerfully horny. Before she could debase herself further and ask more strangers to despoil her, she found the hotel and went up to Tiffany's room, arriving just after the alarm on her phone told her the game was over.
The girls gathered in a giggling, gaggle of excited voices. Each of them had done things they had never done before and were each eager to share what had transpired. By unspoken agreement the woman gave the floor to the bride-to-be, Tiffany, to share first.
Carmen had gotten a projector from the business centre, plugged Tiffany's phone into the unit and projected Tiff's photos onto the largest white wall in the suite. The ladies all gathered around, turning over their phones, sipping drinks and some even able to eat snacks. Darian's stomach wouldn't allow any food in. The 'shrooms, anxiety and a belly full of sperm had her tummy feeling jittery as she sat on a chair at the back of the group.
Tiffany had a long series of photos in her tiny summer dress, her tanned limbs smooth and sleek, her long, blonde hair styled nicely and her make up gorgeous as she posed with numerous men exposing their penises out on the Strip, in clubs, or in secluded hotel hallways. For the first ten or so photos, Tiff merely posed near the naked cocks. Few were hard and she didn't touch any, but she allowed herself to move closer and closer to the cocks as the photos progressed, her blown out pupils exposing just how high she was. Finally, Tiff took some of the cocks in hand and more of the photos showed them erect. Then, at last, Tiff began sucking some of the cocks.
The assembled bridesmaids cheered at the photos of their friend blowing strangers and Tiff blushed a deep red. The pretty Bride sucked a few more cocks until she allowed one to cum on her hand, which she displayed for the camera with a mortified expression, looking disgusted by the pearlescent mess.
"That was it for me! I ran back here and scrubbed my hand for ten minutes after that!"
The women cheered as Carmen totalled up Tiffany's score.
"Tiffany's score is one hundred and seventy five points, you total slut!"
They laughed, toasted her and gushed about some of the cocks, the woman delighted by the outrageous behaviour they saw.
"Let me get this over with" Josie groaned. "I got all up in my head and couldn't follow through."
Josie's photos were of her on the street, looking very uncomfortable with a few men holding their cocks out for her to see. Looking horrified, she touched a couple and in one photo was kissing one with a disgusted look on her face. That was the last picture. Josie had a boyfriend that was new enough that he wasn't aware of how wild the gals got sometimes.
"I haven't shown him any of our other photos and he hasn't seen us at a rave yet. I feel guilty behaving like we do without telling him."
The ladies were all very compassionate and only teased her a little as Carmen quickly tallied Josie's score.
"Josie's score is thirty five, you total sweetheart!"
Josie looked humiliated, but glad that her friends were still having fun even if she didn't play the game well.
"I'll go next" Carmen offered.
The sense Darian had was that the group were likely going to save Giselle for last, assuming that the girl who got the most male attention in the posse and who was usually the wildest of them all would have the most outrageous, entertaining photos.
Carmen was the one who planned that scavenger hunt, so she was bold enough to claim points from every category. The clever woman appeared to have found a business convention because she had a long series of photos with middle-aged, balding, overweight men. The one with the most foresight in their posse, Carmen brought a selfie stick and used it to record herself with the men she fucked.
Carmen seduced one a man at a time for six men in a row. With each man, she posed holding him, sucking him, fucking him and giving him her ass. Then she had two threesomes, taking two men at a time for a total of ten lovers. That had taken her the entire four hour time limit. Each of the men finished by spraying his cum onto her someplace. Her ass for the guys doing anal, a few on her gorgeous big tits, and the rest on her face or in her mouth which she showed by extending her tongue cupping the load wetly.
"My total is five hundred and sixty points" Carmen said as matter-of-factually as she could while trying not to grin like the Cheshire cat. "Does anyone want to check my math?" she offered, honestly.
"I couldn't possibly read numbers tight now. My eyes are fucked." Giselle said, and Darian silently agreed.
"We trust you, you total whore!" Tiffany called, playing jealous, but delighted by the sleazy show.
"Me next!" Charmaine cried. "You aren't gonna believe the size of this one guy's cock I found."
The woman gushed about the various sordid acts Charmaine exhibited in her photo series. The tall blonde had pulled a lot of guys, as expected, many of them handsome and sexy. The slender, athletic woman groped numerous cocks on the Strip, and went to the hotel rooms of many of the owners.
Boldly performing a wide array of sex acts with many men, she displayed her gorgeous body and clearly enjoyed showing off for the camera by sucking, fucking and receiving loads of cum on her body. Smiling and blushing as her documented her debauchery was shown to her friends, Charmaine giggled at the photos of herself until finally the man she wanted to show them appeared.
"Look at that!" she cried, and they all gushed over the massive member she held in her tiny seeming hand, her expression agog at his size.
The member was dark skinned, but not black, maybe Latino. The thick shaft swelled in the middle and ended with a massive, dark purple knob that in the next few photos Charmaine valiantly attempted to put in her mouth, to no avail. The length and girth were similar to her forearm and the big knob nearly the size of her fist. When Charmaine fucked him, the photos showed her tiny, pink vulva stretched tight around his shaft, looking painfully thin and red.
"That beast hurt!" Charmaine confirmed as her friends sympathized and gawked at the pictures, somewhat jealous, but unsure if they could have accommodated that huge wang, Charmaine being the tallest of them.
The statuesque blonde only had anal sex with one guy, but did everything else with six. That, added together with the many blowjobs and hand-jobs she performed came out thusly.
"Charmaine gets four hundred and sixteen points. You had more lovers, but didn't do enough anal, girl."
"Don't I get extra for that huge cock?" Charmaine begged.
"We can award a bonus for biggest cock, if we all agree." Carmen offered.
"Lets see them all first, but that sounds good." Tiffany adjudicated.
As that conversation began, Darian slipped out of the room, hoping to avoid being there when they discovered just how outrageous she had been. The others had acted like big sluts too, but none had done anything like Darian's gangbang.
Regretfully, they had shown Giselle's photos while Darian was gone to the bathroom.
"You missed this huge sluts exploits, Darian!" Charmaine called when she saw the slim brunette slip back into the room. "She had three foursomes with guys she pulled from the casino floor. She didn't even leave the fucking hotel!"
"Show Darian that last photo!" Josie demanded and Carmen plugged Giselle's phone back in.
The photo in question was of Giselle on her knees in a pose familiar to Darian. The tiny, gorgeous blonde had three cocks pressed to her cum stained face and a dazed, glazed expression on her visage.
The girls clamoured over each other vocally, each trying to say the most hilarious comment on the state of their friend, but Darian couldn't really hear them, she was looking at Giselle's adorable face, besmirched with semen and looking delectable. A pang in her stomach made Darian want to lick all that sperm from her friend's pretty face.
"Giselle has five hundred and four points!" Carmen called over the roar and then a new wave of sound slammed Darian's ears as the woman cried out over Carmen and Giselle close scores. Carmen was only ahead because she'd fucked one man more, otherwise they would have tied.
It took some time for the hubbub to die down, but eventually they ladies settled down to see Darian's photos. After seeing Giselle's group sex, and cum stained visage, Darian didn't feel quite so awful about what she had done and the photos quickly impressed her friends. Encouraging words flowed over her as the threesome became a foursome when Carter entered, then as more and more men appeared in the photos her friends grew quiet.
The sounds all fell away as the incredible pictures flashed across the wall of Darian's nude body filled by cock at both ends. Giant men twisted into dark shapes, boldly highlighting her pale form as they bent her this way and that, stuffing her full of a parade of massive members. In truth, at lest two of the huge men had cocks bigger than the one Charmaine had been so proud of and Darian was stunned that she had taken them both into her ass without passing out.
When the men began cumming on her, the women gasped as massive loads painted their friend's flushed face, Darian, in obvious orgasmic distress, her face a grimace of ecstatic anguish, was projected on the wall six feet high for her best friends to gawk at in her besmirched, orgasmic glory.
When it was done, the women took a long time to rouse from the stupor Darian's display had put them in. In the long moment of silence, Darian felt utter mortification that she had gone so far, but before long the other women applauded her then came over to her to hug and congratulate her on being the biggest slut they had ever seen.
Carmen did the math, but everyone already knew who had won.
"The Queen of Cocks Award goes to Darian with a whopping six hundred and seventy two points. You are the biggest whore we know!"
The woman cheered and laughed at Darian's embarrassed, shy pride.
Checking in with Tiffany by making eye contact and raising her eyebrows, Darian wondered how the woman who was supposed to be the centre of attention was feeling. Tiffany had a huge smile on her face and came over to Darian to give her a long, tight hug.
"I'm so jealous! Those guys were gorgeous."
"Well..." Darian pulled back and held Tiffany at arms length "We could all go over there tomorrow afternoon..."
Silence fell over the group of pretty friends for a suspended moment. Then they all cheered and danced in circle of gleeful exuberance as they celebrated the huge orgy they were planning to get themselves into the next day.