Steve Williams and Jennifer Knight have been best friends for as long as they could remember. They lived across the street from each other and have grown up together. They have been in school together since the first grade and are now both 18 and will be going into their senior year of high school once the summer is over.
Jennifer was the typical girl next door type. She was a slim, cute brunette standing about 5 foot 8 inches in height. She had smallish B cup breasts and weighed 125 lbs when soaking wet. She was pretty but she never piled on the make-up and because of this, she tended to blend into the crowd around other girls. She was on the school track team and although she wasn't a natural at it, she worked hard and was good enough to make every one of her races competitive. The upside of track was that Jen was very fit and toned, having almost no excess body fat. There was no other way to describe Jen's ass but to say that it was amazing! It was by far Steve's favorite thing about her body. Her behind looked great in tight jeans, in yoga pants or in her loose running shorts that were a particular favorite of Steve's. Hell, her ass even looked great in plain old track pants too. Occasionally, when Jen and Steve would be having a few drinks, they would get into tickle fights or start play wrestling and Steve would do his absolute best to find some excuse to grab a handful of her ass, all by accident of course.
As for Steve, he was 5 foot 10 inches and weighed about 150 lbs. He didn't have much muscle but he was reasonably fit. All in All, he was pretty much just a typical teenage boy. He wasn't into any sports but he did sometimes go jogging with Jen when she wanted some company. Steve would usually fall just a pace or two behind her when they were jogging, mostly because Jen was in better shape than him but also because he could see her shape better from back there. As well as being the main reason he ever went jogging, Jen was also the reason Steve was half decent at school. They would often do their homework together or have study sessions before tests. Steve didn't care as much about the school work as he should have but he did like to hang out with his friend.
Although the 2 of them were best friends, Steve and Jen tended to have separate social lives at school. It was just sort of inevitable that the guys would hang around with the guys and the girls would hang around with the girls and they were no exception. They mostly saw each other outside of school when they would hang out together at one or the others home. Jen and Steve were at best middle of the road types in the popularity contest at school. They always had people to hangout with but neither of them ever really hit it off with the opposite sex and neither of them had any real dating experience. It sometimes occurred to them that hanging out together so much after school might have caused potential dates to think twice about going out with either of them.
When Steve was 10, his parents had given him a set of walkie-talkies for his birthday and after a while he had given the second one to Jen. Their parents hadn't given them cell phones at that age so they used those walkie-talkies as a way to secretly talk to each other without anyone else knowing. They would use those walkie-talkies to invite each other over to hangout or just have secret talks. Mostly these talks were just the friends goofing around and teasing each other but the older they got the more adult their teasing tended to be. But in the end, they were just best friends and had never gone any further then a little harmless teasing and just having fun. Even after they got phones, they still used the walkie-talkies as their usual way to talk to each other and only called or texted if they really had too.
Earlier in the week, Jen had called Steve on their walkie-talkies and invited him to tag along with her, her mom Daisy and her bother Mark to the beach. To Steve, Jen's mom was a hottie just like Jen. She had kept herself in great shape and simply looked like the woman Jen would become when she was finished growing up. The idea of seeing these two lovely ladies in bikinis made it an easy decision for Steve and he agreed to meet everyone at Jen's house mid morning on Friday and they would all go together in Jen's mother's car. Jen told Steve that all he would need to bring was himself and then teased that bringing his swimming trunks was optional. Steve teased right back with "in your dreams Jen. I'll see you on Friday." Steve had two 6 packs of beer squirreled away and decided that he would bring those and his swim trunks to the beach on Friday.
Steve got up as usual on Friday morning, he had some breakfast, put on his swim trunks and some track pants overtop. He packed a towel, a pair of boxers to change into and the 2 six packs into a backpack and set of across the street to Jen's house. He knocked on the door and Jen's mother Daisy answered. Since Steve had all but grown up with Jen's family, Daisy had long ago asked him to call her Aunt Daisy instead of Mrs. Knight and by this time they had shorten it to Aunt D. Daisy worked at an upscale lounge as a bar tender. It wasn't like a bar where young people would get drunk and party all night. Her lounge catered to a slightly older and wealthy clientele or so Daisy said. In Steve's mind, the only difference was probably that the drinks cost a lot more at the lounge but he kept his opinion to himself.
"Good morning Steve, are you here to see Jen?" Daisy asked as she invited him into the living room.
"Well yea I guess" Steve answered a little confused. "I thought we were all going to the beach today Aunt D."
"Oh, Jen didn't tell you? I got asked to work the late shift at the lounge tonight so I need to stay home and get in some cat naps before my shift, I'm scheduled until 2:00 AM tonight."
"Oh, ah, no. Jen didn't tell me" he answered. Turning to Mark, who was sitting on the couch watching TV Steve asked "so it's just us and Jen then Mark?"
"No" said Mark. "I'm going to go see some friends instead since Mom isn't making me go anymore."
"I thought Jen was going to call you to cancel. She's upstairs in her room, let me get her down here for you" Daisy said and she went upstairs to get Jen.
"Where's your dad?" Steve asked Mark while waiting for Jen to come down. Jen and Mark's dad was a sales associate for a farm equipment company. Steve had always thought their dad was a little bit of a creep. From what Steve knew, their parents had started dating when Daisy was in high school and even though their dad was ten years older then Daisy, it hadn't take long for Daisy to get pregnant with Jen and a wedding had soon followed.
"He's on a sales trip in Edmonton, you know, like the Edmonton Oilers, up in Canada" Mark answered.
"Oh" said Steve. "Why does an oil company need farm equipment?"
"Their not an oil company, their a hockey team!" Mark answered.
While Steve really wasn't into sports, Mark's world sometimes seemed to revolve around sports and this sometimes made Steve feel sort of dumb when talking to Mark but Steve kept trying to make small talk. "Is your dad going to catch a hockey game while he's up there?"
Seeing Mark put his head in his hands was Steve's first clue he had said something stupid. "No, he's not going to see a hockey game, its the middle of summer!" Steve must have had a blank look on his face for Mark added "they don't play hockey in the summer!" It was safe to say that Mark and Steve were not fast friends.
Finally Steve saw Jen coming out of her room. She had her hair in a messy ponytail and was still dressed in her PJs. Steve thought they were great PJs, she was wearing a light T-shirt and some loose fitting short shorts which he had a great view of as she came down the stairs.
"Oh hey Steve, Mom told me I forgot to let you know we were cancelling the beach trip today, its too bad too because its looking like such a beautiful day" Jen said as she came down the stairs.
Daisy then spoke up saying "you know, you two can still go if you want, as long as you're back by 4 O'clock with the car I'll still have plenty of time to get ready and get to work." Jen and Steve shared a look with each other and Steve shrugged his shoulders and hefted his beach bag as if to say he still wanted to go. "You go dressed and throw your stuff in a bag" Daisy told Jen, "I'll quickly make some snacks for you guys to share at the beach."
In just a few minutes Jen was dressed. She had changed into what were in, Steve's opinion, some amazing and by that he meant super tight black yoga pants and a blue tank top, she had redone her ponytail and packed her beach stuff into a bag. Mrs. Knight had a bunch of snacks packed and readied for them and since there was nothing to do but to go, they jumped into Jen's mother's car with Jen behind the wheel and set off.
Jen and Steve bantered back and forth in the car about nothing much. At one point Steve said to Jen "I don't think Mark thinks very much of me" and Jen replied in her joking manner with "that's because the men in the Knight family are known to be a very good judge of character." They continued with their usual back and forth teasing for awhile until Jen said "I hope you decided to leave your swimsuit at home. There's nothing like a hot guy putting on a show to get my day started."
"Well I'm sorry to say that today isn't your day" Steve shot back. "Not only did I bring my shorts but I'm already wearing them underneath my track pants."
"So does that means your not wearing any underwear?"
"Yea I guess it does, and you? No underwear for you either I guess?"
"Ah shit" Jen replied with a slightly angry look on her face. "No, right now I have on a beautiful matching blue bra and panty set if you must know. I didn't even think about putting on my bikini before we left the house because we were in such a rush to get going." Jen's forehead creased in thought for a minute and then she said "its no big deal, I'll change in the trees when we're walking down to the river and you can keep a look out for me."
What they called the beach was actually a small river on the outside of town. To get there, you parked your car on the side of a not very busy road that was parallel to the river and walked for a couple of minutes through some skinny trees to the river bank. There wasn't even any sand at the river, just some big flat river rocks which became exposed when the river level dropped in the summer. "Nuts to that. If your striping down in the forest I'm 100% going to be watching and taking some pictures" Steve Joked.
"And just why would you want to take pictures?" asked Jen. "Do you need something to keep you warm on these chilly nights?"
"Have you felt how cold my mom keeps the house with the air conditioning? You're damn right I need something to warm my blood at night."
"Ok, shut up. We're here and I have to park" Jen said. Steve looked at where they we're parking and there were a few other cars but there was still so many open spaces that parking should have been a no brainer but Jen always seemed to get stressed out by parking. Eventually she got the car parked and the friends got their stuff out of the car and headed off through the trees to the beach.
"OK this is good" Jen said when they were in the middle of the trees. Steve had already forgotten about the teasing in the car so Jen had to remind him "I still need to change into my bikini remember?"
"Right" Steve said as he fished out his phone, "I just about forgot. Here pose for a picture for me." While it was not unheard of for Steve to take a picture of Jen it was also something that they didn't do very often so he was worried she might brush him off but Jen was a good sport about it and gave Steve a cute pose with one hand on her hip and the other behind her head. Steve took a few quick pics then told her to lift her bag and smile which she did for him. Steve was having fun with the pictures so he decided to keep directing Jen until she put a stop to it. He got her to pose with both hands behind her head which caused her chest to stick out, he had her turn around and look over her shoulder at the camera with a cute little pout on her lips, then he got her to turn sideways and stick out her bum and chest and give him a sexy look. She performed all these poses with a laugh and a smile so he tried to push her for some skin saying "now turn away from me again and pull down your pants a little" That unfortunately, was the end of his fun.
"Screw you Steve!" Jen said to him. "You've gotten enough pics of me posing, now turn around and keep a lookout for anyone while I change." She had a smile on her face while she said it so Steve knew that she had as much fun with the pictures as he had.
With Steve turned around and on the look out for anyone who might wonder by, Jen started to undress. Those pictures were fun she thought as she got her bikini out of her bag, I almost did show Steve a little bit of butt for that last picture. What would have been the harm with letting him have a picture with a little skin on show.
"Make sure to give me updates on your state of undress Jen" Steve teased. "I'm serious. If my friend is too mean to let me watch her do something simple like get her bikini on then she can at least keep me informed of her progress."
Jen had just got her towel and bikini laid out when Steve asked for the play by play of her changing. She thought to herself, I bet he would like to watch me change, boys are so stupid. Still, it was fun posing for those pictures. "Just keep quiet and keep a look out Steve, you'll get to see me in my bikini soon and that will be more then enough for the likes of you" she said as she continued to undress. Jen had taken off her shirt by now and was just starting to unhook her bra, the more she undressed the more excited she started to feel. She thought to herself, its kind of kinky getting naked right behind my best friend, all he would have to do is just turn his head a little bit to see me. Just for fun, she decided to get completely undressed first and then put on her bikini.
When Jen was completely naked, she put her yoga pants into her bag and saw her phone. She was staring at her phone and her mind started racing. She starting having thoughts like, he's my best friend, what's the harm in a little skin, he wants to see me naked, it was fun taking those pictures, its exciting being naked and being so close to him. With these thoughts swirling around in her head, she said to herself fuck it and picked up her phone. I'll cover my boobs with one arm and twist sideways so he can't see my pussy and take a few pictures and maybe I can give him one later, he'll see a little more of my butt then he will when I'm in my bikini but that's really all. And, I'll make sure Steve's in the picture too so he'll know just what was happing behind him today. I'll bet he'll think that's even better then a play by play of me undressing!" She ended up taking a lot of pictures just to make sure she had one that showed enough skin but at the same time, not anything she wanted to keep hidden. Then on a whim, she took some pictures that showed everything just because she could. She then got dressed as quickly as she could because she was getting a little nervous. As she was dressing, she decided that there was no way she would ever really give Steve one of those pictures. Still, she didn't delete them either.
"What's taking so long? Steve asked. "There isn't that many pieces on a bikini, you had better hurry up or I'm turning around whether you're dressed or not."
"Oh go ahead" said Jen "I'm just about ready." Jen was almost all dressed now, she had wrapped her towel around her waste and just needed to have her bikini top tied in the back. "Can you tie up my top for me?" she asked
When Steve turned around he was almost in shock as he took Jen in. Even with her towel around her waist she looked amazing. She had on a strapless red bikini top that was just barley staying in place as Jen held onto it. Her stomach was so flat and defined he could just about see the definition in her abs. With her hands holding her top in place, her boobs were being pushed up making them look bigger and fuller. Steve's thoughts were going beyond teasing at this point and he couldn't stop thinking about what was under that bikini. He gave himself a mental shake, remembering that Jen was his best friend and teased her with "I think this goes against a religious commandment or something, isn't there one that says thou shalt not put clothes on beautiful girls but must instead remove thy offending top?"
"You can be such a dolt sometimes, now hurry up so we can get down to the river."
Reluctantly, Steve tied up her top and they made their way down to the river. It wasn't very busy when they got there, there was plenty of spots to set down their towels. Wherever you did, you would be able to see 3 or 4 other groups of people but each group would be far enough away from everyone else that you could talk at a normal voice and you wouldn't be overheard unless someone was really trying to listen in. Steve and Jen found a nice sunny spot to call their own and proceeded to get set up. Steve threw down his towel, stripped off his pants and shirt and was down to his board shorts in no time at all and sat down to wait for Jen. Jen still had her towel wrapped around her and was fishing things out of her back pack. Steve watched as she stood up with her back to him and unwrapped the towel from around her waist. He felt as if time had slowed down as he watched. Jen's bikini was the high waist type, it wasn't super sexy as far as bikinis go but it sure was sexy to Steve. With her back towards him, Steve got a great view of her ass. He could see the curve of each of her checks and the little gap in between which her suit had ridden into, her ass even seemed to somehow lift up if that was possible. And her legs seemed to go on forever. Jen knew she had nice legs and Steve had seen her in shorts many times before but seeing those legs right in front of him almost completely exposed was a whole new level. Then she turned around to put her towel down. Of course, doing this gave Steve a view of her front. Her body was so tight and toned and he traced every inch of her with his eyes, especially where her hips disappeared into her bikini. When Jen bent over to smooth out her towel, Steve was treated to the sight of her top gaping open and her nice tits just about hanging free. The only thing that disappointed Steve was that he wasn't really able to see any of Jen's naughty bits but there sure wasn't much left to his imagination.
"Haven't you ever seen a super model in a bikini before" Jen teased when she noticed Steve looking at her and trying to hide just how nervous she was about showing so much skin.
"You said I would have to make do with seeing you in your bikini and I'm doing my best to see all of you" Steve teased back somehow making Jen both more shy and more comfortable at the same time. By now, Jen was starting to have a noticeable effect in Steve's pants so he pulled up his legs and tried hugging his knees to do his best at hiding his burgeoning hard on. I just need a minute to calm down he thought.
Jen had other ideas though. She got out her sunscreen and as Steve watched she started to vigorously apply it. And Steve was watching very closely, especially when she would reach into her swimsuit just a little bit to make sure every possible bit of exposed skin would be covered. After her front side was done, Jen tossed Steve the sunscreen and laid down. "You may as well make yourself useful instead of just staring at me all day, come over here and get my back and legs for me and I'll do you after" she said. Steve took the bottle and went over to Jen, just as he was about to begin Jen said "make sure to get a little bit under my suit ok, I don't want to get a burn if my suit moves a bit."
To Steve, that almost sounded like an invitation to rub oil on Jen's breasts and ass. He was having happy thoughts about pulling down Jen's bottoms until he realized she meant just an inch or so under her suit like when she had put the sunscreen on herself. Still, an inch was an inch and Steve wasn't about to say no. He crouched down beside her and started applying the sunscreen. He started around her neck and shoulders and worked his way down. When he got to the part of her back covered with her bikini tie he decided to just rub right under the tie as if it wasn't there. Even though it was just her back, Steve still started feeling excited. There was something about putting his hands underneath the strap that was a little bit naughty. He made sure to rub a little bit down her sides as well, he didn't quite go as far as her breasts because he didn't think he could reach that far down without having to explain himself. Next, Steve started working down Jen's back until he reached her bikini bottoms. Steve was thinking that Jen hadn't even flinched when he was rubbing under her top so maybe it would be ok to go just a little bit extra under her bottoms. He started slowly at first, and just poked a tiny bit under the fabric, but the more he stared at her barley covered ass, the further he wanted to let his hand slip. Remembering that it was her idea for him to rub under her suit, he decided there was nothing wrong with running his hands on the inside of her bottoms and all the way down over the sides of her ass checks. This did get a slight reaction from Jen as she shifted just a little bit. Not being sure of how to interpret Jen's movement, Steve got a little panicked and moved onto her legs and quickly finished up. On a whim, he smacked Jen's ass saying "there, you're all done" and he went back to sitting on his own towel.
Jen sat up, more then a little turned on by Steve's attention and said "Well, that was thorough, I might make you do that again someday. Now, Mr. Slappy Hands, if you're done putting sun screen on your front I can get your back for you."
Steve never liked rubbing creams on himself and had decided to skip the sunscreen all together saying "no thanks, I don't think I'll put that shit on this time, you know how I hate creams."
Jen replied "are you kidding, its one of the hottest days of the year and we're lying right in the sun. You have to put on sunscreen!"
"I think I'll be ok if I just skip the sunscreen this one time" Steve replied.
Jen was starting to get fed up with Steve and said "get over here and I'll get your front and your back. No arguing, just get over here and I'll do it." With this scolding, Steve started getting to his knees which gave Jen a direct look at the very noticeable tent in his shorts, Jen gave out a little giggle and in a singsong voice, teased him saying "you've got a stiffy, you've got a stiffy."
All the skin Jen had on display and all of the rubbing and groping that he had gotten away with had had a definite reaction on Steve. He was as hard as could ever remember being and he hadn't had a chance to make any adjustments without being obvious. He had also half forgotten about his problem while arguing with Jen over the sunscreen. Jen's giggle brought his pitched tent right back to forefront of his mind. Because he was on display like this in front of Jen, he knew he had to say something and he summoned all of his charm and diplomatic ability and came up with "ahh, oh, ahh jez, ahh Jen I'm sor, ahh, its just that"
Jen gave a another little giggle at Steve's speech and said "well good. Its only fair."
Dumbfounded, Steve asked "what? What's only fair?"
"Your boner silly" replied Jen. "I mean you guys get to hide completely behind your shorts. They reach almost down to your knees and usually you can't even tell if a guy has an ass let alone get a glimpse of his package. Just compare that with what girls have to show." Jen, who was seated on her blanket, spread her legs wide and waved her hand over herself in a look at me gesture. Steve had been debating whether it was more embarrassing to cover himself or not while Jen was giving her speech but he forgot about his tent when Jen gave him the invitation to openly stare at her. And Jen continued, "I mean just look at how much a girls swimsuit shows off, half my tits are on display, you can see my nipples almost poking through my top and down below you can clearly see my camel toe. You can see my lips for Christ sake. So yea, I think its only fair when you guys get your silly boners and put on a little bit of a show for us girls. Don't you dare hide yourself or I'm going to cover myself up with my towel. Now get over here so I can put your stupid sunscreen on."
Jen did have a point Steve thought. He managed to pull his eyes off of Jen's camel toe and taking a mental deep breath, he walked over to Jen and stood in front of her hoping he didn't poke her in the eye.
Jen wasted no time and started to rub on the sunscreen. She started from his feet and worked her way up. She had her hands up the legs of Steve's shorts and as casually as she could she said to Steve "hey you know what would be fun? Why don't you scrunch up you shorts around your member! It would only be fair you know, all I can see now is the front of your shorts being pushed out, it doesn't really show anything." Steve was about to tell Jen to go get stuffed when Jen continued in her singsong voice, "if you don't scrunch up your shorts, I will. Remember how much my bikini shows. I think Its only fair that you do it and you won't have to stay that way all day like I have to." Jen gave Steve a mischievous grin as she moved behind him to start putting the sunscreen on his back.
Once again, Steve couldn't think around Jen's logic and reluctantly he reached down and as best as he could, he scrunched his shorts around his hard on just like Jen had asked. Meanwhile, Jen had finished with Steve's back and decided that instead of coming around to get his chest she was going to have some fun and reach around from where she was. She pressed herself against his back and reached around him to rub the sun screen on his chest. Steve could feel her tits pressing against his back and he could only watch as Jen's hands went from his chest and slowly worked their way down toward his shorts. Her hands reached his stomach and they just kept going lower and lower and they were fast approaching his elastic of his shorts. Steve was almost sure Jen was about to reach down and grab him and just the thought of her hand on him had him on the verge of exploding in his shorts. Jen's hands did reach into Steve's shorts but to his immense disappointment, she only reached in just enough to apply sunscreen about an inch or so under the waist band.
When Jen had started making her point about swimsuits being unfair, she was only trying to give Steve another excuse to check her out in her bikini, but by the time she had finished, she almost had herself believing in what she had said. But as much fun as it was getting Steve to show off his goods, scrunching up his shorts didn't have the same effect as a bikini. Maybe next time I can get him to wear a Speedo she thought and let out a little giggle.
"There, that should do it" Jen said with a big smile as she finished applying the sunscreen. "I guess you can stop scrunching up your shorts now." That had been fun she thought to herself, I didn't think that stupid argument about girls showing so much more then boys would really get him to show of his package like that.
Steve went back to his towel and sat down heavily. Fuck, he thought, I need to cool off before I explode. "Shit, I almost forgot" he almost squealed as he reached into his backpack and pulled out one of his six packs. "How about a beer?"
Steve was just about to pull the first beer out of the plastic ring when Jen told him "no, I don't want a beer and you can't have one either." Surprised, Steve stopped getting his beer and looked up at Jen. "I still have to drive home you jerk and if I can't have a drink then neither can you. Bring it home with us though, maybe we can have some tonight after we get back."
The rest of the day was much less exciting. They ate their food, they laid out in the sun, and while Steve continued to ogle Jen, his hard on did eventually die down. Just before they left, they went into the river to cool down and have some fun in the water. They did get into a little tickle fight while swimming and Steve made sure to accidentally get a handful of Jen's ass but it was really just back to the way things had always been between the friends. When they got out of the river, they dried off as best they could and put on their shirts. They decided to just wrap towels around their waists instead of changing in the trees or putting on their pants over their wet suits and they headed home.
When they got home, Steve went Jen's house and put his beers in her fridge. He put a couple in the freezer too so they would chill faster. He was about to head home to change when Jen's mom came into the kitchen. Daisy asked "are you guys hungry? I've got some supper ready" and without waiting for an answer, she started fixing them up a couple of plates. "Since you're back, I'm going to get changed and head into work early. Sometimes I can get some overtime if I get to work before my shift is supposed to start."
"Why are you trying to pick up so much overtime lately Mom?" Jen asked. "Are you and Dad in some kind of trouble?"
"No, not really" Daisy answered with a slight hesitation. "Its just your dad has been in a slump at work lately and his commissions are down and you know how his work is, the worse you're doing at sales the worse locations their going to send you to. After he gets back from Canada, he's going to be heading out again in a little bit for Alaska of all places. Now I've never been to Alaska but I can't imagine your dad will make a killing selling farm equipment up there. Does Alaska even have farms do you think? Anyway, you guys sit down and eat before the food gets cold and I'm going to go change for work."
Jen and Steve were both still in their wet swimsuits but shrugging their shoulders, they put down their towels on a chair and sat down to eat. In a few minutes Daisy came back into the kitchen wearing her work outfit, and Steve couldn't help openly staring at her transformation. Daisy had on black thigh high stockings, a loose black short skirt and a white tank top which you could see her bra through in the right light and it was cut low too. To Steve, with Daisy dressed like that and with the makeup she was wearing, she didn't look like Jen's mom anymore but maybe like an older sister.
"Whoa Mom, what's with the outfit?" asked Jen. "Your boobs are almost spilling out and I didn't even know you owned a skirt that short!"
"I don't, but you do" Daisy replied with a wink. "I'm sorry to borrow your clothes without asking first but I need to wear something that will help bring in the tips. Do you see how Steve's jaw is hanging open? That's the effect I'm looking for" she said with a laugh. With loud click, Steve closed his mouth and tried not to stare so openly as Daisy continued, "what do you think Steve? Which asset will get me the most tips tonight? Is it better when I bend over and shake the money maker?" and Daisy turned around and bent in half pretending to pick up something off the ground and gave a little shake while she was at it. As he stared at Daisy as she was bent over, Steve couldn't help but notice how much her skirt rode up and that her white panties were showing. "Or should I use this trick?" Daisy asked as she walked over to the kitchen table and bent again but this time she was facing Steve and her chest was directly in his line of sight. Daisy was looking anywhere but at Steve so he could stare without being caught and she asked him "how is the food Steve?, Can I get you some more? How about a drink?" Then with a big smile, she finally turned to look at Steve giving him a wink. Steve had been staring strait down Daisy's shirt the whole time. He could see her entire bra, which was black and really stood out in her white shirt. And he could also see most of her tits when she was bent over like that. Daisy stood up straight again and asked "Well Steve, how about it? Which asset do you think I should work tonight?"
Steve could hardly get the words out but he managed to say "uh, I think either of your assets, I mean um, yea both ways will get you the tip, ah, I mean extra tips."
"I must be doing something right if a can get a handsome young man like you all tongue tied like that" said Daisy. "Now, If I can get the same reaction from the men at the lounge, I'm sure to be able to earn enough extra money to get us through your dad's sales slump. I'm going to head out now, I hope you two are ok on your own for tonight, I won't be back before 3:00 AM and Mark called to say he is staying over at a buddies."
"Yea we'll be fine, bye Mom, love you" said Jen
"Yea, bye Aunt D" added Steve.
And with that, Daisy left leaving Steve and Jen with the house to themselves for the night. They finished eating, cleaned up their dishes and went up to Jen's room.
"Did I tell you that Mark switched rooms about a month ago" Jen asked. Jen and Mark had up until then shared a Jack and Jill bathroom. Its the type of bathroom that has an entrance from the hallway and entrances from both Mark's old room and Jen's room. "We finally complained enough to Mom and Dad about having to share a bathroom and they let him switch his room" Jen continued. "You know how we were always fighting to use the shower or trying to use the sink to get ready at the same time. Mark's old room is now the spare room and he moved to the downstairs bedroom."
"Doesn't he mind the bathroom down there? I think its weird to have 2 showers in one bathroom."
"You know my parents put those in so they could both shower after they used the workout room. I think its sort of sweet that they wanted to spend time together like that. Then laughing, Jen said "I don't think they ever actually have worked out together though."
Steve and Jen took turns using the bathroom to clean off the river water and get changed out of their wet swim gear. They both let the other have their privacy when in the bathroom and one would wait in Jen's room while the other cleaned up. Steve went first and after a quick shower, he changed into the street clothes that he had worn earlier. Jen decided that as it was already past supper time and they weren't planning on going out again, she would just put on some pajamas. She decided on a pair of silky blue pants that clung to her hips but wasn't overly suggestive and a matching blue tank top that did put a little cleavage on display.
Jen sat down on her bed and Steve sat on a bean bag chair that Jen had owned since she was a kid. "Shall we break into those beers?" Jen suggested. "They should be cold enough by now."
"Sounds good to me" Steve said and he got up to get them. Soon the friends had half a beer downed and started to really relax. They talked about nothing in particular, about how school would be next year, about the summer jobs they had and about how successful Jen's dad would be selling farm equipment in Alaska. It was just easy times complimented with the beers. All the while, Steve made sure to keep to Jen's drinking pace because he didn't want to get wasted and make a jerk of himself, well not tonight anyway.
They were halfway through their third beers when things started to change. "Everyone finish your drinks" Jen challenged and she started to chug her beer. Steve was almost finished his beer and had no problems downing rest. Jen had underestimated how full her can was and while she was chugging she started to spill some of the beer on her face and a little on her top too.
Jen stopped chugging when she started to spill but Steve saw that she wasn't finished. "You said everyone finish your drinks and you're not done yet" Steve laughingly accused Jen. The 3 beers were definitely starting to have there impact on the both of them. Jen gave a sigh and the middle finger to Steve but then she bravely finished chugging the rest of the beer. While Jen was doing her best to finish the beer, she was also laughing at Steve telling her off and she spilled even more this time around but she didn't stop drinking until the beer was completely empty.
"Happy now?" Jen complained to Steve. "My shirt is soaked. I'm going to the washroom to see if the beer will rinse out." Jen went to the bathroom and closed the door. She took her shirt off and ran it under some warm water until she was pretty sure there wasn't any beer left in it. She then started to put her shirt back on but stopped when she realized how soaking wet it was. She wasn't about to wear a soaking shirt but she hadn't brought any other shirts to the bathroom with her. Jen was trying to think of something she could wear, she wasn't about to just walk out wearing only her bra with Steve sitting there. She looked around the bathroom and her eyes fell onto her bikini which she had left hanging in the shower to dry. She looked at the bikini top and then she looked at her bra covered chest in the mirror, it was a blue bra with a frilly lace pattern around the top, and with her alcohol induced confidence, she thought to herself that she didn't look too bad in it. The bra lifted her tits and made them look bigger then they were. Oh fuck it, she thought, what's the difference between my bra and the bikini, hell the bra might even cover more. She puffed out her chest and did her best to appear normal and not show how shy she was about showing off her bra and headed back into her room.
Steve was just sitting back down after having gotten himself and Jen another beer when Jen came out of the bathroom. He couldn't stop himself from squeaking "whoa Jen."
"Oh shut up" replied Jen. "my shirt was soaked so I couldn't put it back on, now quit staring and let me get another shirt."
"Why should I quit staring? you said at the beach that I would have to be happy with seeing you in a bikini and I'm getting happy again."
Jen replied "well don't get used to it buddy boy, I'm going to find a shirt." But Jen wasn't really looking that hard for a shirt, she was feeling very relaxed and confident with the beer in her and she wasn't minding the attention Steve was giving her right then. "Is that beer mine?" she asked and sat down on the bed to have a sip. "I just need a drink first, then I'll get my shirt."
Steve felt like his window of opportunity to see Jen in just her bra was coming to a close and started racking his brain for a way to convince her to stay that way. Being drunk wasn't helping him come up with any convincing arguments so he just blurted out the first thing that popped into his head. "You're always so selfish with your tits. You get to see them any old time you like but you're always hiding them from the rest of us and that's not fair, its down right rude in fact. The very least you can do is to keep your shirt off for a bit and anyway its too damn hot for extra clothes."
It was as passionate a plea as Steve could give right then but Jen saw it for what it was, complete bullshit. But, she was drunk and this new exhibitionist steak she had going was fun. Just for show she called out Steve on his pleading "that's a bunch of bullshit. I showed off for you all day in that bikini" but she made no move to get a shirt either, instead she changed the subject. "It was fun today at the beach wasn't it. did you know I took some pictures of myself when I was changing behind you."
"Pictures? of what?" asked Steve in surprise.
"Oh just some quick pics of the scenery" she answered with a sly smile and a wink, "pictures that might make you change your mind about how selfish you think I am."
"No way, really?" was all Steve could think to say. "Can I see them? are they on your phone?"
"No you can't see them" Jen replied in a half squeal and a half laugh. Although she was thinking that if she wasn't going to show them to Steve then what was the point of taking the pictures.
"See, your being selfish again. I'm like your best friend and I want to see what your mama gave you. If you're not going to share with me, then who would you share with?"
It was another bullshit statement from Steve and it had both him and Jen cracking up with laughter until they realized that they did have a serious problem. "Oh shit, looks like its time for another round" Jen said as they finished their fourth beers. "Be a dear Steve and get us another drink."
Steve didn't really mind getting up and getting the drinks but it was exciting and fun teasing Jen about showing off her body so he decided to put up a little bit of a fight. "I've gotten the last 4 rounds now its your turn"
Jen was also finding it exciting talking about showing off her body and being the centre of attention and she said "hey, I've got my boobs half out for you to stare at and you won't even get the next round for me? how about if I do this?" and she sat up on her knees pushing out her chest and rocked her chest back and forth giving her tits a beautiful little shake for Steve.
Steve was more then satisfied with the display Jen had just put on and was about to get the beers when he threw out one more off handed comment. "I'll tell you what, I'll go get the beers if you promise to show me all of your tits when I get back!"
"No way" said Jen as she threw herself back on the her bed laughing.
"Ahh and I was just about to get up. Its a long way to the kitchen you know. It would be so much easier to just lift up your bra for a minute and then you could sit back down and enjoy a nice cold refreshing beer."
Jen sat bolt upright and waved her hands in the air yelling "alright, alright. Just go get the beers and I'll let you see them ok. Now go before I change my mind."
"Show me and I'll go" said Steve whose smile was now splitting his face in two.
"No, no, no. You get the beers first and then we'll see about a little show and tell, or have you change your mind already?" Jen said and she started shaking her tits again to remind Steve what was on offer until she fell backwards on her bed again laughing.
Steve wasn't about to pass that deal up and he got up to get the next round of beers. As he was walking he realized for the first time that he was sporting a massive hard-on and probably had been for some time. He was about to adjust himself when he remembered Jen's speech from the beach. If she thinks its only fair for guys to show off their hard-ons then I'll fucking show off my hard-on and he adjusted himself to make it even more noticeable. When he came back into Jen's room, Jen was sitting up on her bed again and Steve walked over to her with her beer. "Here you go Jen, I've held up my end of the deal" he said handing her the beer.
Jen couldn't help but to see the tent in Steve's shorts and as she took the beer from him she reached out and in a quick move which Steve was totally not prepared for, she pushed his hard-on down and watched it spring back into place. Again, Jen went into a laughing fit and Steve had to just stand there with the 2 open beers until Jen collected herself enough to take hers. That was the first time I've ever touch a guys thingy she thought, I think I'd like to do that again.
Steve sat back down in his chair trying to act as if Jen playing with his dick was just a normal thing for them but he was extremely turned on by her teasing and by what she had promised to show him. "Enough stalling" he said, "lets see them."
Jen held up a finger, giving the wait a minute sign and took a big drink from her beer. "For courage" she said. Then putting down her beer, she slowly reached for her bra but after holding onto it for a second she put her hands over her face and in a half screech and half laugh said "I can't, I can't. I've never let anyone see my tits before I don't know if can. How long would I have to do it?"
Steve was trying to process what Jen had just said. He was at first feeling let down that she wasn't going to flash her tits but hearing her ask for how long she would have to do it gave him hope. "You have to do it Jen" he pleaded with her, "I went all the way to the kitchen. All the way!" Talking about Jen flashing her tits was making Steve even more excited. He couldn't stop staring at her bra. He decided he loved everything about what he was seeing, he loved seeing her firm stomach, the amount of breasts that she had on display and even the bra itself was fantastic. This was turning out to be a good day he decided.
"Yea ok" Jen replied "but for how long?" She had brought her hands back to her bra and was mentally preparing herself. She couldn't decide if she wanted to show Steve or if felt like she had too, she was so very nervous but in an excited way. "Since this is beer number 5 how about for 5 seconds ok?" She thought she could handle that long. Steve would have agreed to anything right then and bobbed his head up and down in agreement. Jen closed her eyes took a deep breath and lifted her bra.
"12345" Jen said rushing through the counting to 5 and was about to lower her bra.
"Whoa, whoa, whoa" yelled Steve. That wasn't 5 seconds, that was like 1 second."
"No that was 5" Jen screeched back, but she hadn't lower her bra.
"I'll count. You counted too fast" Steve said and he started a slow count before Jen could argue. "1. 2. 3. 4. 5." At 5 Jen lowered her bra and covered herself up. Steve was still staring at Jen's now bra covered tits but he could see them in all their glory in his mind. They were the perfect size, not too big, not too small. You could grab hold and know what you were holding onto. The nipples looked like pink erasers and they looked to be as hard as he felt and only the slight padding on her bra was hiding them from his sight. She had tan lines as well and he realized now that he could just make them out with her bra back on.
Jen was worried Steve hadn't like what she had to show him. He hadn't made a sound since he stopped counting. She made sure she was completely covered and then did her best to meet Steve's eyes. She looked right at him only to see his mouth hanging open and his eyes still focused on her chest, he looked like he was in a trance. Once again she broke out laughing and threw herself back on her bed. "you can close your mouth now Steve, I've put them away, you don't want to catch flies do you?"
Steve closed his mouth with a loud click. "Can I see them again?" he almost pleaded.
"Hell no" Jen yelled but she was feeling very excited from showing herself to Steve and she wanted to see some more of him too. "In fact, I don't like being the only one not wearing a shirt here. Either you take yours off or I'm putting mine on" she demanded.
"No don't do that" Steve squealed and he took his shirt off as fast as he could.
Although she was turned on right then, she decided to try to cool things off by getting the conversation off of her tits. "It was nice having you put on my sunscreen at the beach today, it was almost like getting a mini massage."
"Well, If you strip down to a bikini and ask me to rub you all over I'm going to have a hard time saying no. Fuck, it's hard to say no to anything you ask when you're wearing a bikini."
"Is that so? Then what do you think I can get if I showed you my tits again?"
"Why don't you show me and we'll find out? No seriously can I see them again for a just a minute? They were awesome!"
"Fuck you, no way. That was a one time thing. And anyways, what could you offer me in return?"
"I'll offer you the moon, only this time you have to take your bra completely off."
"I don't want the damn moon but I do need another beer. Do we have any left? I just finished this one."
"Yea we each have one more, or should I say, I have two and I might just be willing to sell you one if the price is right."
Jen thought for just a second. She knew Steve was asking to trade her bra for a beer and she knew that normally she would think that a bad deal. But having 5 beers already in her and having already shown him her tits, it seemed like it might be worth it now. She was turned on, drunk, happy and she did want a beer. "Alright fine, if that's what it takes to get a fucking beer from my best friend I'll do it, but it better be one damn fine beer."
"We serve only the best here, only the best." Steve said as he got up to get the beers. It took a minute but halfway to the fridge, it hit him that Jen had just agreed to go topless for a beer. He probably would have run to the fridge if the beer wasn't hitting him so hard. The other thing that was still hard was Steve himself and as he was grabbing the beers out of the fridge, he had an idea.
Getting back to the bedroom Steve hooked the 6 pack ring with Jen's remaining beer over his pants on his enlarged manhood. When he walked into the bedroom, Jen was sitting up on her knees waiting for him and still wearing her bra. When she saw where her beer was she fell over backwards again laughing. "Bring it, bring it here" she managed to say, getting back to her knees and Steve walked over and presented her the beer. She reached out right past the 6 pack ring to the base of Steve's dick and slowly stroked her hand up to the ring and back down and then up to the ring once more before finally taking the beer.
This was the closest Steve had ever come to a hand job and he almost fell into his chair after Jen took her beer. He had to double check to make sure he hadn't just exploded in his pants.
Jen was feeling fantastic. She had not only touched but had actually stroked her first cock. She was drunk and felling an amazing tingle all over her body especially between her legs. I'm going to have to change into new panties before I go to bed she thought to herself.
A little bit of reality came back to Jen when Steve said "alright, its time for your bra" and she had to think, could she do it, could she just hang out with him and have her tits on display. Was it really any different then flashing him like she had done earlier. She didn't even realize it, but as she was trying to decide if she should take her bra off, her hands were actually reaching behind her back to unhook it as if they had a mind of their own.
Jen was holding her bra against her chest. She had taken off it off her shoulders almost without realizing it and now only her hands were now holding it on. Thinking to herself, he's already seen me once, she tossed her bra across the room and lifted her chest up to emphasize what she had. "Well, are they as good as you remembered?" she asked.
"Oh Jen, this is so awesome I can't believe we're just sitting here like this! Can I touch them?"
"No, hell no, you look with your eyes Mr." Jen said giggling, and she wagged a finger at him "If you can't behave yourself I'll put them away." It was an idle threat, Jen was feeling way to excited to cover up now.
"Now that doesn't seem fair. You've felt me up twice and I haven't even had one turn. But this is still such a great day. I get to see your tits, we're drunk, we went to the beach and I got to rub sunscreen all over you. Yea not bad I'd say."
Jen interrupted Steve laughing and saying "you didn't get a turn? Don't think I didn't notice you slipping your hands underneath my bikini to feel up my ass at the beach. So yea you did have a turn. Tonight was starting to seem way too much like the Jen show. I was putting on the whole show and you were just sitting there watching me and taking it all in so I evened the score a little bit, that's all. But what's our next move my friend?"
"Well, if I can't touch you, I can tell you that right now, I need to get off and I mean soon. I think I'm going to explode any second. Can't you see how hard I am? I think I'm going to split a hole in my pants. Are you sure you wouldn't want to come over here and try to get this empty beer off of me?" Steve asked as he hooked his now empty six pack ring onto himself like he had done earlier with Jen's beer.
"Isn't that more work for me? No, no, no. You have to put on the show" Jen insisted.
"Well fuck. If you want me to whip it out I've got no problem with that. Let me come over there so I can give you a close up though" Steve suggested feeling very pleased with himself.
"Maybe something like that can be arranged. You wouldn't be thinking of making a mess on my clean sheets though, would you? Jen teasingly accused Steve. But first things first, I need another drink."
"Sorry, can't do it Jen, that was the last of the beers."
Jen was quiet for a moment before saying "I think we have some gin and Coke downstairs. You could mix us some of that."
This may not have seemed like a big deal but because of stories they had heard from their friends, Steve and Jen had always referred to gin as panty remover. The two of them had often joked that the quickest way to get a girl into bed was to break out a bottle of gin. They both knew that if they got into the gin, the night was going to get a lot more adventuresome and probably quickly too.
Steve looked into Jen's eyes for a minute, stood up and said "don't go anywhere, I'll be right back."
SLAM.
"Oh fuck" squealed Jen. "Who was that?" They had both almost jumped out of their skin hearing the front door slam closed.
"Hey Jen are you still up?" yelled Mark. "I changed my plans so I'm home for the night."
"Shit." Jen yelled at Steve. "Get dressed, you have to go."
Steve picked up his shirt but instead of putting it on he ran over to Jen. Before either of them realized what they were doing, they gave each other their usual goodbye hug while they were both still naked from the waist up. Steve could feel Jen's perfect little tits pressing into his chest. It was the first time he had ever felt a girl's tits and it felt good. Being drunk and having lost all his sense of subtlety, he also reached down right into Jen's PJs and cupped her ass cheeks. Jen, also enjoyed the feeling of squishing her tits into Steve and when she felt Steve's hands on her ass she thought that it was only fair to let him cop a feel considering she had grabbed him twice that night. She was also enjoying the feel of his hard-on pressing into her stomach.
Steve and Jen separated and although Jen didn't manage to get her bra on, they both had shirts on before Mark bounded up the stairs.
"Are you two losers drinking alone?" Marked asked. "Fuck, you guys need to get some more friends."
Steve and Jen looked at each other with relief. They could tell that Mark had no idea what they had been up to. Steve made hurried goodbyes, doing his best to hide his hard-on and went home.
Back home in his bedroom, Steve wasn't ready for the night to be over and he went to his bathroom to finally get some much needed relief. There was only one girl and one set of tits in his mind as he stroked himself with a vigour, finishing in near record time. As he relaxed afterward, he was still thinking about Jen's tits, about how they were the perfect size to grab, about how they felt against his chest, about how fantastic they looked and he wondered what would have happened if Mark hadn't come home right then. He looked down at his rapidly hardening dick and thought fuck it, I have to jerk it again. And he even had to go for a third time before he felt calm enough to finally leave the bathroom.
Jen wasn't idle herself. She was forced to chit chat with Mark for what seemed like forever before she could finally get him out of her room. She almost jumped under the sheets and thrust her hand into her panties to get her own release. As she did, she did something she had never done before and reached up with her free hand into her shirt and grabbed at her tits and pinched her nipples all the while imagining that it was Steve doing it and not her.
When Jen was finished and had a minute to cool down, she continued to think of Steve and she could bet she knew what he was doing at that very minute. Feeling very frisky and still more then a little drunk she reached for her phone, sent him text and then reached for her walkie-talkie.
"Steve pick up, pick up Steve" Jen called on the walkie-talkie.
Steve was just walking into his room when he heard Jen calling. "I'm here Jen, is everything ok? Mark didn't find out did he?"
Jen had been looking through her phone at her pictures from when she had changed at the beach. She thought she had found a picture where she was looking just right. In the picture, she was half turned towards the camera so you could see her chest but her arm covered her nipples. You could almost but not quite see her pussy but you could tell that she was shaved and her ass was in profile and was looking incredible. The whole picture just seemed to scream hotness. "Steve, I sent you a present on your phone, its for your eyes only ok? Goodnight" she almost sang.
And with that she was gone. Steve picked up his phone, he first noticed that he had a ton of missed calls and texts from his parents but they didn't seem important right then. When he opened up the text from Jen, his jaw fell open. At first he thought he could see everything in the picture but after staring for a long time he saw how Jen had managed to hide her important bits. Still he could fill in many of the missing parts from memory.
Fuck it Steve thought to himself as he headed back to the bathroom for a fourth round. I'm going to need to buy some moisturizer if I keep going on like this.