Note: This is part three of Janet's transformation into her master's (and her) fantasy. Characters are over 18 years of age and the procedures are consensual.....
"It's so nice to be outside again. I've been stuck in that basement for eight months," said Janet, frolicking along the pathway. Her large breasts bounced up and down as did her Baboon butt. She was healed and conditioned. There was no need for her to remain in a Germ-free environment.
It was a warm night and we were allowed this brief moment of liberty before Janet went under the knife again. Everyone was asleep and there was no risk of any of the visitors seeing her.
"You know, Adam," she said in her robotic voice, "I'm so nervous. I don't know much about what my master wants me to be, but I know the next procedures are untested, and I might die."
She was in the nude as usual, sans for a pair of sneakers. Her hypersensitivity was gone, but she continued to drip copious amounts of juices from her private parts. I hadn't noticed how strongly. she smelt until today. It emanated from all her orifices, as the doctors had cloned and grafter her vaginal glands to her mouth and rectum. It was musky, moldy, and fishy tainted slightly with the sharp smell of Urea, not unpleasant, but animalistic. My reaction to her smell as she turned her face to me must have been obvious.
"Do I smell bad?" she asked me teasingly. "I don't have any sense of smell anymore," she continued.
"No, it's just, you smell intense. It's the same woman smell, but ten times more," I said, trying to be careful.
"Do you find it repulsive?" she asked, folding her arms.
"No, of course not," I replied.
"So, my caretaker, what would you like to do to me?" she asked looking down at my crotch.
"Wha, Janet, please. Don't be silly," I took a step back. My heart was racing, and I felt my member rock hard and erect.
"HA! my poor nurse. Let me take care of you for a change," she came near and grabbed my erect penis through my pants.
"ADAM!" it was Dr. Willams. He was not in protective gear but wearing a mask.
"Put on this mask, NOW!" he yelled at me, handing me another.
"Dr. Willams, I....I," I stammered.
Back in the lab, I was briefed on what was happening.
"Janet's glands have been enhanced and replicated. She produces fifty times more female pheromones than a normal teenage girl at the height of puberty. She secretes unimaginable amounts of axillary steroids, vaginal aliphatic acids, and stimulators of your nasal cavity. All who aren't wearing masks are at risk of being seduced," explained Dr.Willams.
I took care to always wear a mask in the presence of my charge. I couldn't help feeling aroused still and hated myself for it. I made it a habit to masturbate in the mornings and afternoons to dull down my libido. How could I be aroused by this disfigured creature? How could I fantasize about such a cruel fate?
Our long walks in the gardens were the only time we weren't followed by cameras. Janet evaded any questions about her past or her master. I implied he must be evil to order a human being to be mutilated like this. Not a single word came from Janet's voice box. The only comment was "I agreed to this willingly, Adam. Now I need to see this through!"
It was during this time that I was introduced to the "Egg", a special life support pod where the Succubus was to live most of the day.
It was being constructed in a laboratory several hundred miles away. I was taken by helicopter to the remote desert location and thoroughly blindfolded as soon as we began our descent.
I was only allowed to remove my blindfold after entering a large hanger. I was reminded of a NASA satellite laboratory to which Dr.Willams responded, "Good guess. This is not NASA, but usually they build spacecraft here."
The "Egg" stood eight feet tall. Its shell was jet black and had the texture of solidified lava. All over were large cracks and crevasses, with an inner red shell visible through the cracks. The "shell" of the egg opened outward in two halves. The two halves split in a lightning bolt shape.
It was open to reveal a deep red interior. The walls looked and felt like flesh.
Everything was either a shade of red or black. The seat of the Succubus was in the middle. It looked like a terrifying device of torture,
The succubus would have to sit with her legs far apart, almost a 180-degree split. Large cuffs lay open waiting to clap on the sex demon's ankles and thighs. The seat itself was well padded with a wide crack in the middle to fit the Succubus's huge genitals. Two long red probes, more like alien tentacles stuck out from beneath. These were to enter the poor girl's vagina and rectum. Various tubes and wires hung from the back wall of the egg. Her torso was to be rigidly restrained and so were her arms, spread wide parallel to the ground.
By far the head restraints were the most complex.
They consisted of neck, chin, and forehead restraints, two black corrugated hoses in the rear which I assumed were for breathing, a VR goggle, A long probe similar to the anal and vaginal for their throat, and a mess of wires dangling from the top of the egg.
"It's powered by a radioisotope thermoelectric generator (RTG, RITEG), An atomic battery," explained Willams. I was told the egg needn't have a re-fuel for twenty-five years which, according to the doctor's estimation would outlive Janet.
We walked around the back of the egg. As we did, compartments opened up to reveal a multitude of cylinders, tanks, wires, electronics, and, a large steel cylinder marked with radioactive symbols, which was the atomic battery. It was fully contained and once loaded up with her medication and food, would only need refilling once a month. It even had the capability of recycling her urine and excrement. In hibernation mode, the egg could be left alone with its occupant for a whole year.