The day was finally finished, thank God. Going to meet her, he was certain he would be able to tell if she'd come, and it would be fun either way: either the Good Girl or the Bad Girl presented possibilities for the evening.
He'd directed her to Landungsbrücken, wondered if she'd find it. But there she was, dressed prettily, admiring the harbor over the wall of the lookout. He hung back, checking her out. He thought of another American movie he'd seen - couldn't remember the name of it - in which the the curves of a lady were described as 'a dangerous piece of road.' In a clinging black dress, sky-high heels, and her dark hair up in a sort of messy pile, the wind picking up tendrils, she looked small next to the view.
She didn't turn as he came up behind her. He thought to surprise her, but when he got close enough to put a hand on her hip, she stepped into it, turned it into an embrace, him behind her. "Were you successful?"
"I was, actually; it went well. The Carmen went very well." Her skin blushed pink all the way down to the cleft between her breasts, and his cock stiffened a bit, wondered if his imaginings were on point.
There didn't seem to be much at all under her dress. Barelegged, fancy little insubstantial bra and when he ran his hand down her back to her bottom, the ridge of thong panties. Smelling very fresh, as if she'd had a shower. Cleaned herself up from an afternoon of naughtiness. Jesus Christ. Next time, he'd make her leave it, arrive with the evidence still clinging to her skin, wetting her thighs. "I've never seen Carmen. I've seen opera, of course. "
"Well, basically, she's an amoral piece of work who gets the tenor so drunk on sex, that when she gets bored of him he stabs her to death."
"Sounds like kismet." He settled a hand on the small of her back, little finger flirting with the split in her bottom.
"You been looking words up?"
"Aren't you still stinging from the last time you were a smartass?" He toyed with her necklace. "What happens now?"
"I sang much better than last time, I think she will sign me. Get me work." Blushing again, "I think she...liked me." Her tone raised his eyebrow. "Did she? Was she especially nice to you?"
Silence.
"Clementine." At her hesitation, he pinched a nipple hard. "I was good. I stopped short, I promise." His hand slid down, reached between her legs from behind. His cock hardened further at the heat of her, the swollen pussy already soaking her pretty, fresh panties. "Tell me." He pinched the other nipple harder. "Clementine. Tell me what she did to you."
"She didn't ... I ...I kissed her pussy."
"Indeed. And?"
"And then her partners teased me. I wanted to die when they stopped. But I had already said I had a date, had been told to wait. So she said they mustn't interfere with your plans. And she said they couldn't make a mess of me, is how she put it. That they could have their fun, but...but then they had to stop, and I wasn't allowed. And then she left. They did what she said. They said they had to. They wouldn't let me come."
He raised both eyebrows at the plural. "That was really very considerate of her. It seems that, with her assistance, you were acceptably good. Barely. Tell me, have you visited Germany before?"
"About six months ago. That time, she liked me ok, but...not as much as this time. She sent me home to re-work my repertoire. Today was to see how obedient I'd been."
He ran a finger from the tip of her chin down her throat. "And were you? Obedient?" and watched gooseflesh rise on her cleavage. "I'm always obedient."
"I tend to doubt that."
"Helena is not a lady I would disobey." He could see her nipples harden under the sheer lace of her bra, over her shoulder. "Now, that is quite interesting. Perhaps we should arrange an introduction."
He picked up her hand, sucked lightly on an index finger. She hadn't removed all the afternoon's scent. He could feel his breath rising in his chest, his cock hard against her back. He kissed the back of her neck, saw her pulse flutter. He pulled her skirt up a little. His hand, like a thief, snuck into the back of her panties while the other ran down the front of her, breast to thigh, feeling her get wet as he touched her. He was right behind her, shielding her body from the eyes of any passerby. "Messy girl. You sure you are not an Exhibitionist?"
"You're doing it, not me," this in a whisper. She moved a little, squirming against the fingers stroking her, sighing as his other hand massaged her ass, the tip of his finger playing. "Clementine, you feel as though you have been used."
"I said they had their fun." His voice was a little dangerous now. "You took a man in your ass today?"
"No, he only used his finger...his fingers. Helena told him not to."
"Hm. Well, it's good you - that she, apparently - didn't allow that. I didn't tell you it was acceptable. But if you enjoy being nice in polite company, I have a colleague who would enjoy to meet you."
"I'm not sure I'd like it if it weren't my idea."
"If you were asked to be kind to him, you would be. And you would love it."
"How do you know?"
"We have shared women. If you know what you're doing, a sweet girl will become even sweeter."
Silence.
His palm was flat against her pussy now. "I like it very much when you ride my palm like that."
Please..."
"I like when you say please, too. Would you like to come?" Thinking of two cocks in her. "Oh, yes, Please."
"Ask me if you may." The palm under her skirt pressed between her legs, not shielding her as carefully as he had been. "Jonas, please, may I?"
"I think you will like to know that there is a man watching us." Making a move to break away, "What? Where?"
"Hold still. Over there, by the arch. Lift your skirt so he can see what you are doing." She did it. She laid her palms against her thighs and pulled her skirt up, made a show of it, feeling the man's eyes on her, his briefcase forgotten at his feet. "Good girl."
She rode Jonas' hands like a slut, while he whispered in her ear, "You are a very sweet thing. Show us how sweet you can be, what a good girl you are." He turned her face toward the man, "Look at him. Show him what you are. Mine. I might let others play with you - I no doubt will - but you are my toy." She did as she was told, met the man's eye. "You are obedient today. Did the people at your audition tease you very much?"
"Yes...oh, please..."
"Hm. Well, I suppose you were a fairly good girl today, and you're being very nice now, but...no. You will wait."
"Oh, my god, please."
"You will beg much more desperately than that, Clementine, before our time together is over." She lay her head back on Jonas' shoulder and rubbed herself against that hypnotic hand. Jonas, in her ear: "Look at him. Look him in the face. Think what he would give to kneel at your feet and drink you in. What he would give to have you on your knees, his cock in your mouth. How badly he wants to use your body."
Those words in her ear, the lust in the man's face as he stood there as if rooted to the spot, freeing his cock from his professional man's trousers, almost finished her. The only thing that held her back was Jonas' will, and a very hard pinch to her nipple, as she watched the man jerking his cock, getting himself off.
Jonas laughed, "Schatzi, you are adorable. I believe we should have dinner now."
§
At the restaurant, the hostess said...something. He asked, "Bar or table?"
"How about split the difference? Can we have the little table in the bar?"
The waitress was charming, "Would you like an English menu?"
"No, he will choose. He is...bossy."
"Oh, yes?"
"Are you two already in league against me?"
He flirted, she noticed. And why not? She was...elfin, was the word for it. A strawberry blonde, skin dusted with freckles, sky blue eyes, and silky hair, cut off sharply at the jaw. She was Clemmie's height, but hers were pert little upturned breasts on a smaller frame. Clemmie felt that flash of envy that she always felt seeing a willowy girl who is also delicately feminine.
His phone rang. He said, "I have to take this one."
"Well, that didn't take long," but she touched his chin. "Go ahead,"
"I'm sorry, it's work."
"It's cool. If Helena calls, I'm taking it."
"Doubtless." Kissing her cheek, "I will be a little while. Bring me my glass, when it arrives?" He stepped outside so he could hear. She sat alone for a moment, feeling her body slow down, waiting for her wine. She was still soaking wet from that crazy tease, but she was calming.
The waitress reappeared. "May I take this outside to him? Of course, unless you'd like to bring it to him?"
"I'm not sure which he'd like better."
The waitress laughed, "If we're pleasing him, we should bring it together." Her stomach did its little flip. "Are we pleasing him?"
The waitress looked her in the eye. "If it is for me to decide, we're pleasing you." Then she laughed gaily, like she was kidding, and went off to do her work. Clemmie took Jonas' wine outside. He was speaking a mile a minute, well past her ability to catch a single word. He took the glass, and looked at her in apology, but continuing to berate, from the sound of it, the people on the other end of the call.
She leaned into his non-phone ear. "Better hurry, the waitress might steal me from you."
He had said his piece. Now he was half listening to the voices on the call hector each other - about total bullshit, by the way - while he watched them through the window.
The waitress had no other customers, and so had made her way back to Clemmie's table. He wondered what they were chatting about so animatedly. As the minutes passed, their conversation slowed, and the girl picked up the pendant he had so recently examined. She admired, it, and set it gently back between Clemmie's breasts. The girls were standing very close, and even from this distance, he could see that their cheeks were flushed. He had to get off this fucking call. He drank his wine, considering how to handle the opportunity.
§
Back inside at the high-top table, Jonas watched her lips on the edge of the glass, her throat swallowing. He gestured at the waitress, "Take her outside."
"What?"
"Take her to the garden, get on your knees eat her pussy."
"Just walk up her and ask?"
"Yes. Offer. She wants you, she's made that clear. Take her somewhere private and be nice to her until she screams. You deprived me of the smell of your Helena - do not return without that girl all over your face."
"She will be the second girl I've ... been nice to, today. Are you making a slut of me?"
"First of all, Helena was your idea. Secondly, I didn't make anything of you, Clementine. You want nothing more than to be a toy. You want me to play with you, and you want others to know you are being played with." She couldn't find a way to refuse, not least because it was true.
She finished her wine in one big swallow. He caught her arm as she went. "Do not come. Return to me with her pussy on your breath, and yours on hers, if you like, but you do not come." She took a deep breath and walked away to seduce a girl, a girl whose name she didn't even know.
With one eye on her and the other on the football game overhead, he imagined her with his beautiful friend, Hanna.
His imagined Clemmie seated, with Hanna kneeling before her, platinum hair pooling on the thighs of this black-haired witch. He imagined his golden Lorelei, tilting a honey-colored ass, so inviting, up at him. Saw her lick Clemmie her lightly, too lightly, teasing her. He saw Clemmie lose patience, stand to push Hanna to lie on her back, on the bed. His mind watched Clemmie kiss her way up Hanna's body to straddle her, cradle her face between milky thighs. He pictured himself raising Hanna's gorgeous ass up on a pillow and, none too gently, removing the butt plug she so often arrived wearing (no tan lines for Hanna, and how she loved a full bottom).
He heard Hanna gasp as he raised her ankles to his shoulders and entered her, slick and ready, in one motion. Running his thumb over her clit as he fucked her. Heard the moans of both girls. Saw his naughty Snow White raise herself an inch above the teasing tongue, her pussy peeking at him from between her legs, spreading herself open for Hanna's tongue, straining upward.
His mind saw Clemmie supporting Hanna's head as she lowered her clit to her lips. Hanna cupping Clemmie's bottom, squeezing her cheeks, fingering her, teasing him with the view. Both girls squealing and sighing as they came, Hanna's tight, tanned ass tightening around his cock. As he watched Clemmie approach the waitress, he imagined her creaming Hanna's face.
Clemmie touched the waitress' arm. "I... I wonder if you'd like to have a drink with me?" She turned, surprised, eyes wide. After a pause, "I would love to, but I will be working until we close for the evening. She tilted her head, coquettish. Tomorrow?"
"I'm sorry, I'm leaving town tomorrow. Do you...do you get a break?"
Another pause, longer this time, eyes on the tray in her hands, but then stealing a look at Clemmie, lingering on her breasts.
"Yes, I have an hour."
Clemmie, brave now, "What time?"
"I...I could ... I could take a break in ten minutes? Would you like to have a drink here?"
Clemmie could feel Jonas' eyes on them. "The garden is very pretty. Although the park across the street looks nice also, And quiet."
She literally could not believe she was doing this, but the waitress was looking at her like she wanted her, so she said it in a rush. "I think you are so beautiful, I'd love to kiss you. I'd love to go somewhere private ...to be alone with you. Even for just an hour." She made herself stop talking, slow down. "I'd love to please you."
This time, Clemmie picked up the other girl's necklace. "What's your name?"
"Lili."
"The flower." Risking a fingertip to trace Lili's jawline. "With charming speckles on soft white petals."
"And yours?"
"Clementine."
Eyes dipping again to Clemmie's neckline, "The little juicy orange."
Hesitant. "Your lover wants to join us?"
"No." It was Clemmie's turn to pause. "He'd like me to come back to him smelling of a flower. On my lips, my tongue."
A very long pause.
"Perhaps a glass of wine. There is a quiet room upstairs where... we can talk, we can close the door." Both girls flushed and feeling shy, hands a bit shaky, Jonas watched them go upstairs, his cock so hard it was weeping in his pants.
Upstairs, a switch flipped, and Clemmie wasn't shy. She took Lili's glass out of her hand, leaned in to kiss her. But as Lili offered her lips, Clemmie kissed her neck, her throat. She felt Lili's hands travel up her ribcage, cupping her breasts. Then kissing her back, licking Clemmie's upper lip, sucking lightly on the lower.
"This is insane...I like girls, but this is crazy." Clemmie slipped a hand under her skirt, up the silky thigh. "I agree. But you smell so good."
"You like my perfume?"
"Yes, that's nice also. The idea of seducing a girl lighting her up, making her brave, she unbuttoned Lili's blouse, slipped her bra strap off her shoulder, bared her breast, dipped her head to take a dark red nipple into her mouth, between her teeth. "If you let me, I want to taste you. All of you." Lili's hands were everywhere, but Clemmie was more ardent, her flingers making their way down Lily's belly, to between her legs. Pushing a finger into her, Clemmie backed her up against the wall. She added a second finger and understood how delicious it was to be in control, to talk a girl out of her clothes, to convince her to open her legs.
Lili moaned into Clemmie's neck and tugged at her panties. "Let's take these off, Clementine." Dropping her panties to the floor, Lili bent her knee. Foot on the wall behind her, she pulled Clemmie forward, so the knee was between Clemmie's legs. Clemmie slipped out of control, pressing against Lili's slender thigh, skin to skin, until she was a millimeter from the brink. Pulling herself back, she took her fingers from Lili's pussy. Covering her breasts with her hands, she pinched the cherry nipples between her fingers, and kissed her sweetly. "Do you want me on my knees, Lili?"
"Yes." This, dragged from her throat. And for the second time that day, Clemmie was on her knees, but this time so entranced that her hands weren't even tempted to stray to herself. Lili's pleasure was washing over her; she wanted both hands on her, wanted to drive her crazy. Lili pulled Clemmie close, rubbing herself against a flat, wet tongue.
Whispering into her thigh, "Lili, you have an hour. Don't hurry; spend as much of it as you like, with me."
Lili took her at her word and laid her head against the wall, resting her hands hands lightly on Clemmie's head, stroking her hair. Clemmie could feel Lili's fingernails brush her scalp, comb her hair. Her thighs relaxed, not straining for it any longer. Clemmie's tongue slowed, softened. She traced the edges of Lili's petals with the tip of her tongue, drew lazy patterns there.
"Sit in the table. It'll be easier on my knees." Taking the chair before her, Clemmie leaned in. She coaxed the Lili's prettily freckled thighs open with kisses, brought her feet to rest on the chair beside her. Her hands pressed the flower closed. She ran the tip of her nose down the seam she'd made, and back up.
She took a long, slow time at it, bringing Lili up to a simmer. When her clit was fully swollen under Clemmie's tongue, when her pussy began to tighten around her fingers, she pushed a third finger inside. "Lie back." Lili's sighs turned into gasps. Wanting to watch, she propped herself up on an elbow, and could just see the soft lips and tongue working under the bent head. Feeling her orgasm approach, she pressed her thighs close against Clemmie's face and raised her hips. letting her head fall back.
"Are you ready?" Clemmie didn't need to speak German to translate Lili's answer.
She slid her free hand underneath, backed off a bit, lightened the pressure of her tongue, and waited. At the next tightening of the soft, swollen pussy, she spread Lili's cheeks just far enough to lay her middle finger between them and waited again, her tongue almost still, her lips barely moving. Lili's breath stopped in her chest. "Breathe, love." Clemmie's mouth moving on her clit as she spoke, sent her over. Feeling Lili's body spasm, Clemmie pushed that middle finger into her ass.
Had Lili a voice, she would have given Clemmie the scream she'd been instructed to get. Her back arched. her palms were flat against the table, and her English was entirely gone. She held Clemmie's face between her thighs until her orgasm receded, leaving her entirely soft, lying on the table staring up at the ceiling with glazed eyes.
Clemmie rested her forehead against Lil's pussy, drew her fingers from her body as gently as she could, and listened to her slowing breath. Clemmie could feel her heartbeat between her legs, as the pulse between Lili's, calmed.
In a quiet voice, to the ceiling: "You, now."
"I may not. He was very firm."
Recovering, she sat up, taking Clemmie's chin in her hand, wiping her wet cheek with the other. "Oh, Clementine. He is so cruel, isn't he? Do you like that?"
Considering the question for a moment, "Yes. Yes, very much. It's intense."
"Are you permitted to play?
"Yes, he said I have to come back to him with you on my lips, and me on yours, if we like, but I can't come."
"Well, then." A mischievous smile. "We've not used all of my hour. We can spend a little while on you."
Lili returned Clementine to Jonas, kissing him on the cheek and giving him a moment to take in the scent before asking if he was ready for another glass of wine. Jonas, for his part, kissed each of Clemmie's palms in turn. "She looks as if she's dreaming, and you look ... well. You were a very good girl, apparently, and did just as you were told."
§
They barely made inside his flat before she was bent over his bed. "I like the look of you, with your skirt up and panties down. A nice girl, ready to be sweet to me at a moment's notice." She shivered at the thick drop of saliva, and then another, hitting her asshole from above. Pulling her back by the hips, he pushed the head of his cock into her too quickly, she made a wordless protest. He waited, said something sweet into her hair, an apology.
"Are you sore from your audition?" His cock twitched at the thought of it. "From those fingers?"
"Yes."
"Do you like to do this, really?" This, as he stroked her asshole gently. "Yes. I like it."
"I don't want to cause you pain ... I don't break my toys. If more than a finger is new to you, I will teach you." She heard the smile in his voice, "After all, we both know that you want me to use your body to please mine, that you're my plaything."
"Yes. I do...I am."
He added more spit to his finger. "Do you do it often?" Thinking of his colleague, wondering if she had ever allowed herself to be shared.
"Not super often, but sometimes. And sometimes I do it by myself."
He knelt, his soft finger replaced by an even softer tongue. Soothing the whisker burn from earlier in the day. "Yes?"
"I use my finger. And a toy. I love to start slow, get myself to a place where it's easy to take. It's takes a long time. But by the end, I need it harder. It's so good. As I'm coming I need it a little more ...aggressive. She could feel herself blush. "I always wish it were the real thing."
He breathed through the jolt it sent though his cock - the notion that she'd lain in her bed and fucked herself in the ass with her finger and a toy, giving it to herself, eyes closed, picturing a real cock as she readied herself, so she could fuck herself harder - roughly - as she came. Rummaging in a drawer by the bed, "Here, we'll use this."
"You can put that on me, I like that."
"I'm not putting it on you, Maus. You're doing it. Lube yourself up for me."
"I don't...what?"
"Do it. Make yourself nice and slippery. Show me. Spread yourself open. Put lube on your pretty little asshole while I watch." Mute and red faced again, she went to her knees on the bed and pulled her dress off, dropping her bra, kicking her panties to the side. She was used to being watched from a distance. Unnerved, she found that her fingers trembled as she opened the bottle.
"I like it very much that you are a shy, and yet obedient girl, Clementine. Your blushes are ... I don't believe I have ever had such a delicious girl."
Clemmie was aware of her black hair falling down her back, her fingers pressing into the flesh of her cheek, knowing her skin was so pale that it glowed in dusk light. That her back was unblemished, that her ass blossomed from a small waist.
Feeling entirely exposed, she ran her lube-slick finger over her asshole. "You'll need more than that." Rebellious now, determined not to falter before him, she spread her cheeks further with one hand and squirted a little stream of lube down the crack of her ass. "Very nice. Is that how you do it in your bed?"
"Yes, I do that. But also this." The palm against the small of her back slid down, and she pushed two lube-wet fingers into her ass. Her groan took his breath away. "I always take my time, stretch myself with my fingers before I put the dildo in." He stroked his cock, watching her widen her knees and tilt her ass back at him. She reached between her legs to draw the lube all the way up to her tailbone, and pushed her fingers in again, holding her cheeks well apart with one hand, fucking herself with the other.
"Jesus. Hands and knees, please." He knelt behind her, her ass in his hands, ran both his thumbs through the slickness between her cheeks, felt her asshole relax against the pair of them, ready and willing. He pushed the tip of his cock just inside her, but not wanting to hurt her, held still. In a moment, she relaxed further.
Clemmie's mind was in pieces. Her ass was still smarting from the spankings it had received, her asshole was still tender from her audition. She could still smell Lili in the air. She breathed the scent in, together with the wine on Jonas' breath, his skin, his sweat. Her heart beat between her legs again.
He was hurting her just a little, but she wanted more. Still on all fours, she started to move, and her groan matched his when the head of his cock pushed past the ring and into her. He stopped moving. "Ask me to do it. Offer your ass to me." She hesitated. She was used to being taken, not offering. He whispered in her ear, so close she could feel his breath, "If you don't ask me to do it, I won't do it. I'll stay right where I am. I'll jerk off into you, but I won't fuck you unless you ask me to, and I won't let you come, either." His voice tightened, demanding. "If you want it, tell me."
"I want it."
"What do you want?"
"I want you to fuck me like this."
"Like what?" He hadn't moved, except to pull away when she pushed back. "I want it the hard way."
He pushed in the littlest bit further. "Liebchen. Be specific. Tell me exactly what you want."
"I want you to fuck me up the ass." In a breaking voice, "Put your cock in a little way, and then a little further, until you're all the way inside me, and fuck me hard. Give it to me." Pushing his cock a bit further into her, he said something she didn't understand. Clemmie couldn't tell if it was German, or just obscured by his ragged breath. "Are you sure?"
"Jonas, please. Please."
"You want to come? Ask nicely."
"I'm going to die, Jonas, please, please, let me."
His heart was hammering against her back. Sweat dripped off the tip of his nose into her hair. As he started to move, to fuck her, she felt his cock get thicker. Heavy. She felt full, stretched, shocked at the invasion. The heat of his cock in her ass traveled up, filled her belly with need, raced her heart, hardened her nipples, caught her breath.
For his part, he was ready. More than ready, but holding himself back. She lost track of herself; her orgasm was coming from a long way off. She went into her head. Her voice sounded strange to her ears, "Oh, my god, fuck me like this."
"Ok, Clemmie, I'll let you, but be patient, make it last. Make yourself come with my cock up your ass, but don't reach for it. Wait for it. Start as slow as you do in your bed." She reached out for the headboard. "Good girl. Fuck yourself on my cock. Use it. Play with your pussy and fuck yourself. Her fingernails scratched the wood as she rolled her hips. "That's it." She swiveled the opposite direction, so dramatically that his cock popped out of her. "Put it back in."
She guided him back to her, but once again, he didn't press forward, "You do it. Lean back on it, fuck yourself with me, like you fucked yourself with your fingers a moment ago. Like you fucked yourself with your toy. Show me how much you like it up the ass." Past resistance, embarrassment, she went to her knees and took hold of the shaft of his cock, and leaned back. When it was inside, she swiveled her hips, fucking herself with him, doing as she was told, waiting for it to wash over her, biting her lip, feeling everything. She drowned in the sting of the spankings, her ass taking him, her clit throbbing under her fingers, the slickness on her thighs, the orgasm uncoiling in her belly.
He left her to it, only balancing himself with a hand to her shoulder, forcing himself to be passive, to let her use him, to move with her. He watched her lean back til he was all the way inside, then forward, rolling her hips to tease the ridge under the tip, and then backward again, her slow grind working his cock. He lowered her onto her belly. Her arm under her, her palm pressed against her pussy and her face into the pillow, he took over. "Oh my god, do that. Do that."
His jaw clenched, trying to wait himself. Trying to prolong the feeling of her soft, round ass against his belly, the smell of her hair, the the sound of her loving it. He rode her harder, testing her.
"Please, please more."
"I try to be a gentleman."
He pulled her back to her knees and onto his cock, hard, but taking care not to injure her. He got a firm grip on his own orgasm, and fucked her until she cried out, finally, finally coming after her interminable, ruthless wait. She saw spots against her eyelids. Heat washed all the way up, from her ass to her clit, from the pit of her stomach to her chest, her breath driven from her lungs and her heart bursting, color blooming on her breasts, her face, she was dizzy with it.
He felt her spasm around his cock as he fucked her through it, listening to the noises form her throat, seeing her soften as it passed, feeling her body give over entirely, satiated now, a doll to be used as he liked.
He pushed her sweat soaked hair out of the way, and licked her from the nape of her neck to her hairline. "My turn." She braced herself against the headboard, let her forehead drop to the bed. She offered her ass, herself, up to him. "Jesus Christus, Clemmie."
In a small voice, "You called me by my own name for myself."
"Clemmie, I will call you anything you like tonight." He gave her his longest stroke, tip to balls, and again, using her until his cock swelled even thicker, jerking inside her, as his own heart burst and he filled her. He collapsed the pair of them face down onto the bed, his gasps filling her ear.
A long moment passed. "Are you sleeping?"
"Not sleeping, but dreaming."
Pulling out of her, watching his come slide down her thigh. "Remind me the time of your train?"
Checking the watch on a heavy wrist: "Three hours."
"You will come back here?"
"Oh my god, yes."
A warm kiss lingered on the small of her back. "Good. I need a sweet girl to play with. I need you. And my heart is full of plans for you, my little toy.