"Man, I wish I had your troubles," Victor told Jack as they sat over lunch, out of the office, in a quiet little down town bistro. Their boss was out of town with some local big wig and the whole office had been given an hour lunch in his absence. Well, at least, that was the unofficial story. Jack stared into his salad, his brown eyes downcast, not even smirking anymore.
"No, you don't," he said evenly. "Not if you aren't the one solving them."
"Wait, you're saying she's cheating?"
"She would never cheat. That isn't at all how she is built. She believes in love more than anything else. And she loves me. It's not that at all. I mean, sure, sometimes I wonder if she found a man that could keep up with her would he steal her away, but I don't think so. She knows her own mind. She loves her life. She loves the kids. She just... also really loves sex. And I wasn't a multi-round kind of guy when we met. Now, with age, weight, life... I know she wants it every night. I know she wants to cum multiple times every night, but do you have any idea how exhausting that is? The woman is a sexual vampire and she is draining me dry." Jack shrugged. "If I thought just letting her have another lover was the solution, it would be a no brainer, but we have been down that road. She got pissed off when the girl we were sleeping with wanted to play with me alone because she doesn't like that I cum without her."
"So, what? She gets pissed when you jerk off?"
"I don't jerk off anymore, Vic. I can't. Not because she wouldn't like it or let me... she would happily lay down naked underneath me and watch, just in hopes of getting my cum on her body. But it's like... I just know I have to save what I have for her because she almost physically needs it in a way I don't get. But... it breaks my heart to tell her 'no' because all I want to do that night is just sleep...but I also want to make her cum, to make her smile, to need me the way she does. We have a perfect marriage. I just wish I'd been granted the stamina to keep up with her."
"Well..." Victor cast a glance around the small restraint, as if making sure no one was eavesdropping on their conversation. He took a card out of his wallet and slid it across the table to Jack. "Is your wife submissive at all?"
"She's a switch," Jack answered, familiar with the lingo from his wife, if not exactly an expert in BDSM himself. "She tends to be submissive with men. Dominant with genetic women. Somewhere in between with Transpeople and non-binary people depending on how she knows them and how they feel to her."
Victor looked more than a little impressed. "Your lady sounds like a wild one."
Jack smirked. "You have no idea. She's just... sexually expressive to the nth degree. There isn't anything she won't try once, sometimes three times just to be sure."
Victor held up the card from his wallet and handed it to Jack. "Then believe me when I say... this is just the thing you need." The card was black gloss with red metallic letters on it that read: "Anteros International" with a number below it. It had both an international number and a local one. "Don't ask me anything. Just... call them."
"Um... ok." Jack looked dubious but he and Vic had been friends most of their lives. He knew if Victor said this was something to look into, he should.
After he got of work that night, he called the number and a polite, crisp female voice answered: "Anteros International, this is Tasha. How may I direct your call?"
"Um... hi. My name is Jack McKinnon and my friend gave me your card..."
"I understand, Mr. McKinnon. Would you like to book an appointment for a you or someone else?"
"Um... well, I don't really know what it is you do..."
"Oh! I see! A first timer! Why didn't you say so?" Jack was about ready to say that his buddy had been so secretive; he didn't know he was supposed to say so. "You and how many partners?"
"J-just my wife."
"And what is Mrs. McKinnon's first name?"
"Deirdre."
"Lovely. And who referred you?"
"Victor Di Lucca."
"Oh, sure! How is Vicky?" She sounded genuinely interested, and he could hear the smile in her voice. He was really beginning to hope this wasn't some high priced hooker line or something. No... Vic wouldn't do that. He knew better. A swinger's club maybe? That would track. He'd never really been to one but he knew his wife had dipped her toes in that community in her late teens and early twenties.
"Um.... Vic is great. Seems really happy. I mean, he and Sheila are getting along better than they have in years..." It was a test. He was curious if they new his wife, also, since they were asking Jack about his own wife.
"I am so happy to hear that! I know she was just so worried that his... appetites... were going to end their marriage."
All of this was utterly true. In fact, it was just dawning on Jack that Vic hadn't really mentioned sex much at all lately, when it used to be his favorite topic. He oftentimes verged on inappropriate in mixed company, his brain was so completely focused on sex. Then, almost overnight, he was around more, seemed more at peace with himself... satisfied. He couldn't remember the last time he had seen Deirdre look like that... he missed her soft smile as she lounged in the sunlight naked, looking like she just wanted to curl up and sleep like a contented kitten. And he wanted to see it again. It was that thought that made up his mind for him, even before Tasha added: "And since you are a referral at your initial appointment from one of our platinum members, should you and Mrs. McKinnon agree to utilize our services, you have been granted three completely free sessions before we sign you up for a membership of your own, should you decide to stay with us."
"Oh... well, awesome. Great."
"We have one opening Friday night at 10pm. Since it will be your first time, we'll leave the end time for the appointment open. I am sure you're going to have lots of questions and may want to schedule your first session. I am going to email you a basic information sheet on yourself and your wife to fill out and send back prior to then. What's a good email for you, sir?" He gave it to her, very curious what sort of questions they might ask. "Alright! You are all set!" He could hear an almost teasing lilt to her voice as she said in a chirpy tone: "See you Friday Night, Mr. McKinnon. And again, welcome to the Anteros family!"
Friday Night, 9:45pm
"It's not that I don't appreciate a night out with you, Jack," Deirdre purred, her voice low and telling him she was already horny. "But it seems we are wasting a perfectly good child-free night. I mean, I know Vic has had some good ideas for us in the past, but..." Her hand slipped down to squeeze his ass through his dark pants. "I wanna go home and have you all to myself, baby..."
He chuckled and kissed her temple. "Trust me, hon."
She pouted prettily but laced her fingers through his. "Kay. Whatever you want to do lover. Just... promise you'll fuck me later?"
He raised their hands and kissed the fingers that were entwined with his. "I promise, no matter what, baby, you'll get fucked tonight."
"Yay!" She clapped like a little girl who just got told there would be ice-cream after their appointment if she were a good girl. It just made him smile. She was an odd mix of little girl, mature sexy-as-hell woman, dangerous predator and patient mother. But he liked her best like this because this was the woman he had first met, before she knew how to be a mom, before so many things had shaped her, for good and ill. It was when she was like this he could hardly ever say no to her. He would give her the world. Sometimes he wondered if she ever truly understood that was all he ever wanted, her happiness. She understood it in the abstract, but he truly felt most fulfilled when she was. That was way it tore at him that he couldn't always be everything she needed. But he had one thing that no one else could ever say they had. He had her hand. Her heart. Her thoughts at 3 am when she couldn't sleep. Her soft kitten scritches when his back itched, that made his hair stand on end. He had her gentle, patient hand when the kids were driving him nuts or work was busting his balls. No matter now many time another man or woman made her cum, he had her soul. The way she looked at him still made his heart melt. Even if she was being impaled on another man's cock at the time. He loved her mischievous grin before she went down on another woman. Loved coaxing him into joining in, as though she were not completely in charge of all of them. Loved her wicked laugh as she made him cum between her breasts or in her hand as she goes down on him. She actually felt badly that she didn't swallow. Tried to stay there as long as she could, testing herself, taking a little more each time, trying to train herself for him. But he didn't care. As long as he got to cum in her, on her, near her... he was happy.
"So, what is this place?" Deirdre asked curiously.
"I haven't the foggie—"
"We are a state of the art virtual and augmented reality adult playground and licensed sexual medicine facility," came a cultured British accent. A tall, elegant woman in a lab coat smiled politely as they entered the doors of the massive glass building. She was platinum blond, very Nordic, with icy blue eyes and skin that looked like snow with delicate pink petals of color on her cheeks. Jack knew Deirdre wasn't into blondes, per se, but she was into women who were feminine and elegant. She'd had a long standing crush on Catherine Zeta-Jones since she was a teenager. But lately, he knew that actors such as Tilda Swinton, Gwendolyn Christie and of course the incomparable Cate Blanchett. And this woman would have made a damn fine Elf queen. He saw his wife's nipples poke into the material of her red satin blouse. He knew beneath her 1950s circle skirt and petticoat, her pussy was already soaking into her tiny black lace panties.
"Mr, and Mrs. McKinnon," the woman said with a lovely smile as she held a hand out first to Deirdre and then to him. "I'm Shannon Walcott, one of the experience coordinators for Anteros International. I'm here to give you a tour, a demonstration, and talk to you about what sort of experience we can create for you both." She turned to an elevator and walked over, scanning first a card and putting her palm down on a pad to scan her handprint. The door beeped once, but she then leaned down and dropped her glasses to her nose and loosed into a small terminal by the door. A second beep signaled what sounded like four locks being thrown. Jack was familiar with such security at work, but he couldn't imagine what a place like this was doing with so much entrance security. In fact, as they ascended in the elevator and stepped into what looked like a generic lobby complete with men at the doors like looked somewhere between bouncers at a trendy club and secret service agents. As they were led back to a large, luxurious office, another couple their age were exiting a room. She was grinning and he looked like he was inches from taking a winter's long nap. "Oh, hi!" The woman said to them, her smile beautific. "Omigosh, are you new?!" She saw Shannon's arched brow and stern face and blushed, grinning, tugging her partner down the hall. "You're gonna loooooooove it, honey!" she added, winking at Deirdre over her shoulder.
Deirdre blinked and looked at him, comprehension beginning to dawn. Shannon Wilcott sighed and gestured for them to enter the office and sit. "I am glad you got to see a first hand user after a session, but I would have preferred you understood who we were and what we do before hand." She gave an amused chuckle.
"And what is that, Ms. Wilcott?" Deirdre asked, her eyes narrowing a little. Never one to be taken advantage of, his girl. She was of course suspicious. She regarded swingers clubs and such with dubiousness, always a little worried someone would steal him away. He could never get her to understand it was a million times less likely than it happening with her. This would immediately appall her, and calm her down simultaneously, because she could understand him if he could compare it to something she did even if the reasons were totally different.
"We provide an number of services but after looking through the paperwork that your husband filled out, Mrs. McKinnon -- may I call you Deirdre?"
"Deirdre is fine."
"I don't know that there is much we can do for your husband... at first. But for you—"
"He and I don't play apart," Deirdre said swiftly. "Not at first, at any rate."
Shannon gave an indulgent smile. "Oh, no you misunderstand. I am just saying he likely won't need to use the equipment. You, on the other hand..." Jack could see his wife bristling. He decided to step in and help illuminate her before her impatience got the best of her.
"Perhaps you should just give us the demonstration," he said easily, with a smile, ever the mediator.
"Of course! We have a client who specifically asked if anyone needed to watch while a session happened, she wanted to volunteer." Shannon smiled with a wicked gleam in her icy blue eyes. She stood and swept down the hall, into another elevator, down the next hall and into what from the outside almost appeared to be a hospital operating room.
"This way," Shannon said, holding open the door and gesturing inside. They stepped into the room and there were no less than half a dozen people there. A mostly nude woman was suspended in the middle of a massive machine this dozens of appendages on all sides, all fit for different purposes. There were several with realistic looking phalluses attached to it. Some with butt plugs, tiny suction cups and clamps... it was impossible to take it all in at once. Over her eyes, the woman had on a pair of VR goggles but she seemed to see them enter. There was a screen in front of her showing a woman rubbing her own clit until she came in squirting streams.
Jack felt Deirdre stumble for a moment, her cool mask of disinterest shattered, and he wasn't sure if she was breathing anymore. One of the men in the room was in a wing backed chair, reading a book. He looked up at them and grinned up at the nude woman in the machine. "Oh, look, sweetheart, more new friends to watch you! Aren't they so kind to come visit you while you cum for them?"
The woman writhed as parts of the machine moved to touch her, wet, textured tongues of pleasure sweeping over her clit repeatedly as the woman was stretched out in a spread eagle, a large black cock entering her cunt and a smaller plug slipping into her ass. She was dripping fluid nonstop onto the floor below. Tiny suction cups began to play with her nipples, causing them to stiffen and puff up into the tiny sucking mouths. The woman was past speech. Every sound that came from out of her were high, wild, almost insane cries of pleasure as the machine set about hitting every erogenous zone, making her cum so that the drain in the floor actually appeared to have a very logical purpose as she came, gushing orgasmic fluid all over the devices, her own body and the ground below. The machine turned her this way and that, and as Deirdre looked from her to the screen, she saw what the woman was seeing, a group of people around her, touching her, tasting her, fucking her. And the massive metal machine she was strapped into was creating every touch in complete synchronicity with the images playing before them,
"Some people use us only every so often like Paul and Missy here. Missy is just one of those wives who need some extra attention. Paul isn't comfortable with his wife having other lovers but he loves her and wanted her needs met. So he called us."
"Best damn thing I ever did," Paul said, with a soft smile as he looked back up at his wife, twitching as she envisioned herself getting double penetration from two handsome men, one a large handsome African American man with an amazing smile and the other a copper skinned Indian man that looked like the love-child of Shiva and a Bollywood romance star. "We come in whenever Missy is getting a bit tetchy, and then the rest of the time, her sex drive is about on par with mine. It's like she just needs to get that out of her system for a bit, and she is then back with being satisfied when we have sex."
Jack wanted to believe it. And honestly, it didn't seem to matter if he did or not, because he recognized that look in his wife's lovely blue-green eyes. She wanted to try it. She kept watching Missy cum with a look between awe and nearly cumming herself, just watching the woman. She was so excited, Jack could smell her scent in the air. This was really turning her on! And, in a way, he had to admit... the idea of his beautiful, strong willed, wild hedonist of a wife being made to cum until she couldn't breathe or walk made him more than a little hard. He would be dominant for her, and he loved that she was his, but he'd never had any real desire to subjugate her or to own her in any sexual way. She desired it and it often broke his heart that he just didn't have this drive. But the idea of watching her, controlling what she saw and felt and what happened to her... there was something deviously delicious about that. And he knew she felt it, too, by the way she looked at him.
"I think we've seen all we need to," she said, her voice a little husky with desire. "I'd like to schedule a session."
From the machine, Missy whimpered: "Oh, god... yes... it's so good... it's so, so, so good..."
Shannon gave them a broad smile and looked down at the tablet she had brought with her. "Well, as luck would have it, we do have one machine open tonight... did you want to schedule that session for right now?"
Jack almost had to catch Deirdre as her knees went a little weak and answered for her: "Yes. Right now."