My Feather Girl Ch. 05a -- For the world to see.
LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction.
All sexually active characters are above the age of consent on their planet of origin.
Many thanks go to RF-Fast and thor_pf for editing and polishing. Any bad grammar left is wholly on me and my artistic style... and a strong reliance on spell check.
Copyright (c) 2018 by Acup
A word of warning, I write good stories, I hope, with some decent sex in them. If you're looking for a stroker look somewhere else.
The disclaimers have been moved to the end of the story for my ADD readers.
This is the story of a young woman who has been keeping company with a rather pathetic guy who has succeeded in warping her sense of what a 'normal' relationship and sex should be. It's about her finding an average young man and her learning that what she thought she knew really isn't so, then slowly working through to what should be a normal relationship and coming to terms with it. Finally coming to be a lovely woman who doesn't hide her body and eventually begins to enjoy and even revel in being looked at.
___
Chester and I had been working outside taking care of the little things that needed doing since the place sat vacant for several years. Betty and Linda were holed up in her sewing room, doing their best to not let us see what they had been working on.
We had just come back in from clearing the grass and volunteer trees from around the concrete piers Chad had poured when he had planned on building a house.
Linda and Betty came sauntering in, deliciously naked as usual. Linda slid up beside Chester pulling his hand to her waist intercepting it on the way to her ass. Betty came up to me doing her best to squeeze her chest between her forearms. It didn't actually do much besides draw my attention directly to them but it was nice. It was also a sign she was nervous about something that involved showing off her figure.
"Hank?" she asked softly.
"Hmmm?" I replied looking at her areola crinkling up a little and trying not to chuckle at her nervousness. If they were tightening up already this was going to be good.
"I um... that is we... well we made a couple of dresses for me to wear on the trip back up north. And I wanted to get your opinion on them."
Could I get someone to shove a stick of dynamite up Zack's ass and set it off?
Betty must have sensed what I was thinking. "No, it's not that. It's just that they are a bit more revealing than what I have and I wasn't sure if it is too much."
I scanned up her naked body to her face, an impish grin on her lips. "More revealing..."
She grinned, "Well yes and no. It's kinda hard to explain. It would be easier if I modeled them for you."
I grinned, "It would huh?"
Betty grinned a face splitting grin, "I'll be right back." She hopped up and scurried back to her sewing room, cheeks bobbing and maybe a hint of jeweled plug.
I looked over at Linda who was grinning at me and enjoying Chester groping her ass. She had only been able to hold out so long before he got his fingers between her cheeks.
"Uh uh, you'll just have to wait. But I think you'll enjoy them." That was followed by a soft groan and closing of eyes so I would take an educated guess Chester's fingers were more than playing with her ass.
That was followed by another soft groan from her sewing room. I knew that groan well. It only accompanied one of Betty's larger plugs seating itself in her ass. I looked back at Linda now reclining across Chester's lap, but her eyes were still closed, concentrating on whatever Chester was doing to her ass.
I was enjoying the show Linda was putting on when Betty came back in a white sleeveless dress. A VERY THIN white dress. She looked at me with a hopeful glance as I looked her up and down, then she turned slowly to let me look at the back. I chuckled as her butt came in to view. I heard her sigh as I did.
She stopped when facing me, grinning as I looked her over once more smiling while my cock was trying to break free of my jeans.
A white dress made of a semi-sheer material, but not quite as thick as the gauzy dress she wore for our last trip. Created for a 'better view' of her body, she was covered and yet drawing attention to herself.
I couldn't see her pussy, because it had a bright yellow strip barely covering her slit. I couldn't see her pink nipples, because they had large brown circles over them. I couldn't see her rose bud, because she had her tan hourglass butt plug in. The one that was darker than her skin tone when she bought it, but it now looked several shades lighter since she had a deep all over tan.
The dress itself was barely there as well. Large arm holes almost to her waist, neckline to within an inch of her covered nipples, and back cut with a low scoop very close to the crack of her ass.
I looked closer at her nipples, seeing the dark circle, and yet seeing the shine of her nipple ring. "Pasties?"
Betty grinned and dropped the straps off her shoulder baring her tits. "Lipstick for now, I'll pick up some body paint or something if it's okay with you."
"You know you're going to be looked at front and back. It won't be just me wanting to devour you. And it's not like the mall where we can just leave."
"Is it too much?" she asked a bit dejectedly.
"Not for me," I blurted out while Betty grinned back at me. "But it's either going to be pure delight at seeing you, or pure hatred from other women that their guys can't keep their eyes off you."
"Told ya," Linda called out between groans.
"Even my plug?" Betty asked turning to thrust out her cheeks in front of me. "I was debating between this one or one of the clear jewels deeper between my cheeks. Not as out in the open but more noticeable if you did see it."
I just chuckled and shook my head, "I'm surprised you don't have something dangling from your pussy."
Betty turned back grinning and pulled the front of her dress up to bare that little yellow strip barely covering her slit, the tuck in the center between her lips, the only thing keeping it in place. "Na, I'll just settle for you slipping a remote egg in me once we clear the scanners."
I'd rather you bend me over and fill me right there I front of everybody while I scream your name in orgasm.
I laughed and reached to pull her to my lap, but she scooted back. "Not yet, I have one more to show you."
"I don't know how they could show me any more than that one does."
"Well it does and it doesn't."
I cocked my head.
"You'll see," and turned to flash her plug filled ass at me.
Evidentially Chester was enjoying Betty's show. About that time Linda screamed out 'CHESTERRRRR!'
I looked over to see him with her nipple between his teeth, a finger going nuts on her clit and probably the other doing the same in her ass the way she straightened out like a board and started quivering from head to toe. Her one hand was holding his head to her tit and the other was trying to rip her other nipple off.
Chester kept her going a bit, waves of orgasm rolling through her before letting her slump across his lap.
Linda laid there panting, Chester grinning at me and flicking his finger against her clit every so often making her jump. After a few jumps Linda pulled herself up to his face, "Asshole," she said before giving him a tongue lashing of a kiss.
I just chuckled.
That chuckle was cut short as Betty stepped out in a black striped dress. Well kind of.
Picture a black completely sheer sleeveless dress, neck to mid thigh, so sheer it was hard to tell it was actually black. Now add to that a tiny black satin strip across her chest just about at armpit level but not quite making it to the side seam. Another one somewhat wider one across the very upper most swell of her tit. Another one a few inches wide across her nipples leaving both upper and lower slope of her tit bare as well as a nice bit of side swell.
It transitioned back to a tiny strip around her belly before expanding out to a wide one low on her hips covering her pussy and leaving a nice shadow from being held away from her body by her hip bones. Then tapering back off to the tiny strip across her mid thigh.
"DAMN!"
Betty grinned and turned around. The ONLY strip across the back was across her ass. Low enough to let the crack at the top of her ass show, and barely low enough to cover her cheeks. And when she turned the crease of ass and leg was nicely visible. The rest down to mid-thigh only covered in the sheer material. Oh and the back strip across her ass stopped several inches short of meeting the one across her pussy in the front. There was no possibility of her wearing anything under this dress.
Betty turned back to me staring at her in that dress. Evidentially I had a good expression from her grin.
"So where are you planning on wearing that one?"
Betty reached up to circle her nipples, teasing her nipple ring a bit. "Well I was thinking of wearing this when I give Thomas the good news. It seemed appropriate somehow."
Yes!! Let him see everything but what he actually wants to get his hands on!
I looked at her a minute, snorted, then broke out in a full bore laugh pulling her to me. I held Betty in my lap, touching and caressing through the dress. "Is this why you blackmailed Claude?" tweaking her un-pierced nipple.
Betty grinned, "Partially. This dress isn't actually finished yet," as she slid back off my lap to drop between my knees.
"What's left to do to it?" I asked as she was getting my aching cock out of my pants.
"Well that night...mmmmm" she was slowly stroking my cock taking licks at the tip. "By the time I get to tell Thomas off in the morning," Betty leaned forward and took the head of my cock slowly between her lips, her tongue dancing across the tip.
"By that time I'll have a load in my ass, one dribbling from my puss, and hopefully another sprayed allll over my boobs." Betty cupped her own tit and pinched her nipple as she took me in as far as she could hummng around my cock.
Truly Hank's cum slut!
It took a moment for that scene to coalesce in my mind... "FFUUUUCCCCKKKK..." I screamed as I grabbed her head and detonated in Betty's mouth trying to shove my cock down her throat.
___
Getting ready the morning of our trip was pure torture. Sitting back being told to stroke my aching cock while Betty cleaned herself for her fill. Taking pure evil delight and filling and cleansing FOUR times. The last one I almost didn't make it, the way her belly filled out.
How long before Hank will get me pregnant? He might have to fuck my ass even more when I get pregnant... GRINNNNN!
Betty had no more emptied her bowels and bent over the sink and I was behind her plowing her ass. Betty screaming for more as she held her cheeks apart while I gripped her shoulders holding her arched up and looking at her in the mirror as her little tits bounced with every thrust as she squirted between my legs.
YESSSSSS... Take me Hank, fuck your fucking sluts ass! Ram that dick in me and shake my boobs off!
Fucking and filling this hot babe under me as she was screaming for MORE, HARDER, DEEPER! As this cave man just fucked her ass with abandon...
I was lying over her back panting, starting to slip from her. I fumbled beside me for her cheek spreader, slipping it between us as I slid out of her ass.
I managed to stand, then chuckled at the plug in her ass.
"Like that do you?" she asked as she wiggled her ass at me, still lying across the counter.
Betty had taken a fine point marker and written in small lettering, just barely legible even this close. 'Hank's Slut'.
I reached down and cupped a cheek getting a soft moan. I let my finger drop further to run between her dripping lips. Betty merely spread her legs giving me unrestricted access to her pussy. "Ffffuuuuccckkkk..." she sighed as I ran my finger around her clit before bringing it to my lips to lick off. When I put my finger back to her lips she merely rotated her ass even higher to encourage me, like a cat in heat.
"Sluuuuttt..." she said after a soft giggle.
Do me again Hank...
"Delicious..." I whispered in her ear as my finger took a third dip.
Betty sighed, then slid from the counter to the floor, wet wash cloth in hand to clean me before handing me a pair of my modified slacks. Only my blue jeans had not been modified, and then I think it was only because of how they were put together.
Even then I watched her 'get dressed'. Wiping her creamy cum from her thighs to torment me with her taste. Taking that tiny yellow g-string and slipping it completely between her lips, then pulling it back out enough so that only the dart was in her slit. A quarter of an inch on either side to barely cover her lips.
Grinning at me watching her, she pulled a small bottle out and began painting her nipples dark brown. A dab on the un-pierced nipple, then hung her spare ear ring before proceeding to the other. Watching them crinkle up as she did, then applying a second coat while they were still hard.
'Liquid latex," she said as I looked closer. "Helps keep them standing out."
I just smiled and lightly stroked the underside of her tit, "Kinda like this?"
Betty closed her eyes and bit her lip nodding. I kept stroking, her breath quickening until she reached for my hands. "If you don't quit we're not going to make our flight." Her eyes flashed open when I took one hand from the underside of her tit and made one last swipe toward her wet pussy. She shook her finger at me grinning.
Couldn't I just go like this?
That was followed by being handed one of her large PVC plugs. Originally she was going to wear one of her cheek spreaders, but after considering having to sit on it for several hours she decided on one of the regular ones. Granted it had a nice large yellow crystal in it to match the strip barely covering her pussy.
She handed me the bright yellow plug and a tube of lube before Betty leaned over the edge of the bed and presented her ass for 're-filling'.
She made the loveliest squeak when I pulled that cheek spreader from her ass. Well eventually, seems I lost my grip on the first pull and her ass sucked it right back in. I worked it in and out a little before I got a good grip on it and sloooowwwlllyyyyy pulled it out.
Oh god this is sooooo bad. Bending over and letting Hank play with my ass. Loving the feeling of his grip on my ass as he works and plays with the plug filling me. And even feeling empty after he pulls it, I know the other plug is... Mmmmmmmm yesssssssss...
Putting a dab on her rosebud making her suck air, then groan as I worked it in and around her ass. Another dab on the tip of the plug before resting on her rosebud.
Betty groaned as I held it there, nudging back against it wanting her ass filled, "Haaank!"
After a few pushes back I held it in place as she sunk back, then taking the last push to fill her own ass. Groaning as I pushed it and her forward, then letting my thumb slip and drop into her soaking pussy flicking my finger back and forth on her clit.
"Can we stay home instead?" she said softly into the bed wiggling her pussy on my thumb.
"Not unless you want to let Thomas go."
Betty deflated, letting my thumb come almost all the way from her pussy. I dipped it back in quick before pulling completely from her making her screech and then glare at me as I licked it clean.
Flying back north again, but unlike the last trip no layover and only one checked bag for both of us. Being the middle of winter we had to take heavy jackets, or in Betty's case a long coat. Also different was our seats. Betty had done some shopping around and got first class so no slinking off to the back seats for a quickie. On the other hand...
Betty was in the mood to celebrate. The high dollar manager position had come open and she was high on the list for it. The old manager, Claire, even gave her a recommendation so she thought her chances were pretty good. We'd know a few days after we got back one way or another.
I grinned, yeah that was quite a conversation with Claire. She asked me into the office for a 'chat'. Turned out it was a bit of an interview for the high roller slot manager.
She asked me a few basic questions, then she grinned at me and asked me how I was dealing with all the customers attention. Never mentioning the conversations we had from time to time about who likes to look at boobs or butts, what guys like to look at legs, or even some of the wives looking at...
From her grin I bet I turned a hundred shades of red. Thinking about some of them taking 'peeks' at me when they thought they could get away with it, and of course I never encouraged it by wearing revealing clothes... right?
They were... what did they call them... oh yeah, wardrobe malfunctions!
"So what do you think your chances are?" she asked.
I thought back over the last few months. "I'd have to say pretty good. I haven't had any problems with the guests. Other than a few misunderstandings with a couple of other employees, everything's been pretty smooth."
Claire grinned when I mentioned 'misunderstandings.' She knew I was talking about Aida acting like she was my boss.
"Well that was my impression as well. There are six final candidates, and we'll be making a decision in the next few weeks." She put my folder down off to one side of her desk next to a pretty big stack of customer comment cards. One of six stacks.
Three of the stacks were pretty small. Mine was by far the largest of the other three. I grinned as I took a quick glance at them on my getting up and turning around. The smallest by far was Aida's.
It didn't hurt that I could slip a comment card in my halter when I called for refreshed drinks to the customers, then play with it a bit getting it out of my halter. And a few times I 'accidentally' let my nipple slip out for a bit before I noticed it. 'Oh isn't that soooo embarrassing? He he he.'
As we went to the door, Claire stopped me and turned me to her. "I'm going to miss working with you."
She gave me a bit of a hug, then backed off just enough to give me a quick cheek to cheek. She looked at me a moment, then pulled me back into her pressing her nice boobs to mine. Holding herself to me, MUCH more than a hug.
She actually gave me a peck on the cheek, the corners of our mouths just barely touching, and whispered in my ear. "I think you got it," then as she lightly pressed her puss against mine, "you got my vote."
FFFuuuccckkkkk, now all I want to do is go jump Hanks bones for a few hours!
God I can't believe how much I enjoy being Hanks slut. The way he looks at me when I play with myself in front of him get's me so close to cumming again. Would Hank jack off watching me? Would he get off and cum on my boobs watching me cum?
Elegant AND slutty all in one gorgeous package.
For once she didn't bare her body as we drove, instead lifting her dress to stroke her bare skin just outside of that little yellow strip.
You know it's amazing how small a suitcase can be when she isn't packing many clothes. No bras, no panties, just a few g-strings just in case. A couple of thin dresses and that's it. I think I actually packed more than she did. The only things that took any actual space were our long heavy coats. A necessity this time of year up north.
I did have to grin a little. While her coat would cover the lovely vision beside me, it would also allow me to grope and squeeze with total abandon again!
I grinned some more as the cab dropped us at the airport. Shaking her dress down didn't actually hide any more than when it was up around her waist.
When we strolled into the airport all eyes were on Betty. I could feel her tense and then tremble as she gripped my arm. The little sigh and giggle told me she had a nice little one just from being looked at.
So wonderful to be looked at, even lusted after, with some of those hard dicks standing up in salute!
We made it through security fairly quickly for once, even if the agent looked like he wanted to take some more time with Betty. I bet he was wishing she needed frisking, or better yet a cavity search. We took our time strolling, we had two hours to kill.
I felt a dribble from my puss when I stood there with my arms up and legs spread as he stared at my boobs. Hope he doesn't mind smelling the dribble on his pad all day. GRIIINNN!!
With our sunglasses and Betty's big floppy hat we were able to stroll anonymously for a while. She snickered when a young man walked into a pole doing a double take looking at her. Most of the women scowled at her, but a few grinned. And one Goth girl gave her a thumbs up and shook her own chest a bit making her prominent nipples and nipple jewelry outline move behind her thin but not transparent top.
Every so often we would stop and duck into a shop. Partially to look, and partially because Betty wanted a bit of attention. We would just get inside and she would wrap her arms around my neck and grind herself against me.
"This isn't too much is it?" trying to hump my cock.
"It's all I can do not to bend you over right here," I said softly letting my hand drop from her waist to her hip.
ME TOO!
"Mmmmmm," I got back into my kiss as she pushed my hand from her hip to her butt. And even better groan as I gave her ass a nice squeeze.
Do it Hank. Put your fingers between my cheeks and play with my ass. Play with the plug in your slut's ass.
We wandered a bit and strolling through a magazine / book outlet I grinned. There was a group of hot young ladies in short dresses showing LOTS of cleavage and thigh near the back whispering to each other and pointing at Betty.
They were holding a magazine, and taking a look at the one on the rack near us made me smile. "Looks like you're dress is a big hit."
Betty looked at me with a raised eyebrow.
"Look at the magazine rack, second row about a third of the way over."
Betty scanned the magazines a bit then gasped. There was some fashion magazine with a very close version of what she had on. The model was a little taller, and big curly hair and lighter nipples, but from a distance it could have been Betty.
My suspicions were confirmed as we were standing there when three of the young ladies with the more daring outfits and nipples standing out approached Betty.
The one with her nipples barely contained in her neck line held out her copy, "Ma'am, would you mind?" holding out the magazine and a pen.
Betty looked at me and I just grinned and shrugged.
She got a big grin and took the magazine and pen and began to scrawl across it. "Who should I make it out to?"
That just got more giggles as they each gave their names, thanking Betty profusely as they left. I just enjoyed three more sets of nipples standing out while Betty signed the magazines.
Two sets were nicely noticeable, but the third set on the first girl to approach us were barely inside her neck line and standing up dark and proud through her beige top! As she shifted for Betty's autograph a large portion of her areola became visible, and her grin said she really didn't mind them being looked at.
Betty was on cloud one hundred and ninety nine after that. Smiling and shoulders back, walking on her heels to give herself some bounce and one hell of a wiggle in her hips.
If I had bigger boobs I could really make them bounce, maybe even put some little bells in my nipples like Clare does... SLUUUTTTT!!
We strolled some more, the only part of the plan missing was I had put her vibrating egg in my shaving kit, and forgot to pull it out before we checked our bag. Mmmmm, but strolling along with an almost naked woman beside me. Being ornery when she realized she had a bit of a following and pushing my hand from her hip down to her own ass. The lovely little sigh when I groped it a bit.
I almost wish I hadn't put the plug in. Feeling Hank's fingers playing with my ass. The tip of his finger circling and circling. Slowly working its way into my ass until I scream...
Evidentially we spent too much time groping and walking, when we got back to the boarding area there was quite a crowd. Coach was over booked and some of the coach passengers were getting bumped to first class.
One of the guys that had just gotten his coach pass ahead of us asked about being bumped as well. The boarding agent looked at him, and then at Betty and then a glance over his shoulder at the 'autograph' girls in very short dresses he had just upgraded. Scruffy jeans and a dirty backpack, vs. me in slacks and a jacket and Betty in her fancy sheer dress.
"Sorry, they got the last ones," nodding to the autograph girls and watching their swinging asses just a moment longer than really necessary. A few inches shorter and their dresses would have been as short as Betty's, but one of them loved being eaten by her ass.
Backpack guy grumbled. The boarding agent looked down Betty slowly as she kicked her knee out just slightly, then back at me grinning and winked. I like his priorities.
Oh hell, I'm dribbling down my thighs already. And the ticket guy was getting hard looking at my boobs!
OH GOD!! That lady looked right at my barely covered puss and licked her lips when we went past the first of the first class seating.
And even once we made it on the plane, Betty was still in show off mode. She didn't cross her legs to hide, but put her ankle up on the other knee letting her dress, sheer as it was, ride WAY up her thighs.
Viewing from along side her, the bright yellow strip was still noticeable through her dress. But from anywhere forward of her it was plainly visible and totally uncovered. Even after takeoff she barely moved. Only enough to put her back toward me letting her face the isle a bit and pull my arm across her cleavage. For a moment I thought she was going to put my hand on her tit.
It didn't help her tracing her finger up and down the inside of my thigh, and then up and down my hard cock as it snaked its way down the leg of my slacks.
I wonder if she was really looking at me, or Hank's delicious dick when we walked by?
"You know, this dress would look a whole lot better with your cum all over my boobs!" she said not so softly.
I shook my head grinning. The soft groan from the lady in the seat in front of us told me she was overheard. Betty's grin said she said it that loud on purpose. That and the slow walk to the forward rest room, and the even slower walk back.
She really was looking at me. She looked up and down as I walked by. Smiling and licking her lips looking me in the eye as I walked back to our seats. I wish my nipples stood out like hers.
I did enjoy one of the autograph girls coming back shortly behind Betty. She had pulled her skirt up a bit almost completely baring her thighs, a little further and I would have been able to tell you if she was commando or not. From her grin and the sigh as she swung her hips I was betting her thong was tucked away somewhere letting a nice breeze pass her lips. I grinned at the shadow of her shelf bra saying 'Look at my nipples standing out!' as she bounced past us.
We took our time getting off the plane, Betty on my arm but swinging her ass. I wished we hadn't packed our long coats, the terminal was a bit chilly. Betty grinned at me as she refused my help with her long coat. Instead lifting it high raising the hem of her dress to almost crotch baring before swinging it around behind her and letting it settle on her shoulders.
Ebi met us outside, and it was girl hugs for a few minutes, then a gab fest all the way home. It was a good thing we were only going to be in town for a few days. A 'friend' was in need of a place to stay, and had been camping out in our room for the last two weeks.
Tarra was running around in a long t-shirt since the apartment was a bit cool in the winter. But the new girl in her flannel pajamas just froze when Betty stopped by the couch and shrugged her dress off and began peeling the liquid latex from her nipples.
Ebi laughed and Tarra just shook her head grinning. "Come out of your shell a bit have you?"
"Who me?" Betty responded to Tarra while dropping her micro g-string and turning to kneel in front of me. "Well maybe a little." She finished as she dropped my zipper and swallowed down my cock. Bobbing like her life depended on it. Tarra was a bit bug eyed seeing Betty flashing her plug filled ass.
Mmmmmm, I wish I had the nerve to do this on the plane. Get Hank to blast all over my boobs. I wonder if I could have gotten the redhead in front of us to lick it off!
The torture was short lived. Having been looking at her nearly naked body all day and groping and being encouraged to grope even more I was right on the edge. Betty got about a dozen strokes in and I let loose, my knees locking as I grabbed her head giving her all I had.
She took a good part in her mouth, then popped off and let me spray all over her tits, using the tip of my sensitive cock to rub it into her nipples making me twitch with every pass over them.
There was a chorus of "EEWWWWWW" from Tarra and Ebi, and a snicker from the new girl Claudette.
It's good to be a slut. No its GREAT to be HANK'S slut!
Betty just sat back on her heels slowly stroking my cock to get the last of it from me. "Been waiting for that all day," she said just before licking the last dribble from her fingers.
Tarra and Ebi made some noise of disgust before Tarra drug Ebi off to the bedroom. Claudette just laughed, and then snickered at the groan escaping from the girls' bedroom.
So for the next hour or so we made the rounds in the apartment, pulling stuff from the closet and dresser to box. Claudette made us an offer on the bed and bedroom furniture and I could tell it would just break Betty's heart to have to shop for new stuff down south.
As things were winding down, both in our boxing and Tara and Ebi's bedroom, Stewart arrived. Claudette scurried for the bedroom even if she still had her pajamas on. I hate to tell her, he might have enjoyed her braless nipples dancing in there, but he enjoyed her bobbing checks as she scurried away even more. Betty just grabbed a not so long t-shirt and came out to stand beside me. Slipping her arm through mine and resting her head on my shoulder.
Stewart looked over at her, "Well you look like you're in a good mood."
Mmmmm, a well fucked and plugged ass. A nice load to suck on and blasted all over my boobs. Of course I'm in a goooood mood!
Betty smiled up at me. "Just looking forward to getting everything settled in back home."
"So the rumor is true, you're staying down there?"
Betty grinned from ear to ear. "Hell yeah. Got a house to decorate and a wedding to plan."
"Wedding?"
Betty giggled and wiggled her ring finger and fingered her band, "So that part didn't hit the rumor mill yet? I'm surprised."
"No, only thing was your staying, and Thomas insisting it was only a rumor and you'd be back for him."
Betty tensed up, then just grinned. "Well he's getting that bubble burst tonight, BIG time!"
Stewart looked like he was going to say more, but Betty turned to me putting herself between us, raised her arms to put them around my neck and then pulled herself close to give me quite the kiss. She knew exactly what she was doing to him.
From his quick glances down I would bet Betty was showing just a bit of cheek with that maneuver, maybe even a bit of yellow butt plug.
"Now you boys go load up all my stuff from the storage room. I'm going to go cook supper." She looked over her shoulder at Stewart, "I'll have some leftovers for you to take home if you want Stewart." He just chuckled.
Stewart gave me a ride to the U-Haul store to pick up the truck and car hauler, then we headed for the storage unit. A few heavy pieces and lots of boxes later and we were all set. He declined stopping back for leftovers, thought he'd spend some time with Sally before work. Stewart was an ass man like Chester, and I bet Betty's little flash had inspired him to ravage his wife for some reason.
I had the same thought about ravaging Betty before we went in! She was strutting around with shoulders back just flaunting her delicious chest at me. My thoughts were over ridden by a nice meal and then off to bed. "Besides, you have to fill my ass before we go in tonight." Fuuuccckkkk, ornery women!
It was a short 'night' getting up around midnight to go in around two. We weren't on the clock, and Thomas was still on days so it was just going to be a night of catching up for Betty until she got to drop the hammer on Thomas in the morning.
Mmmmm, but waking up with Betty in my arms, feeling her hand snaking back between us to lift me enough to slip partially back on me. She just sighed as I slid into her. "Looking forward to tonight?" I asked cupping a tit with a firm nipple, using my lovely hand hold to nudge just a little further into her.
Betty lifted her leg to reach down and touch the base of my cock not buried in her pussy, then a little further to cup my balls before rotating back and forth a little. "Mmmmm, yes and no. I mean I'll be glad to get back home, but it will be a bit of a trip to come see mom. She'll be all alone when Charlotte goes down to Texas for college."
I nudged in a little in her pussy, squeezing her nipple a little, "Well I definitely won't miss the cold."
Betty chuckled clamping down on me a moment before rolling up to her hands and knees then continuing to stand beside the bed. "Whaaat? You don't like me in my long coats?" Of course this was said as she ran a finger through her pussy and wiped it across my lips.
"AAAARRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHH!!"
Betty scampered off to the kitchen and did what she could for breakfast, scolding Tarra and Ebi in their absence for the lack of 'real food'.
And before I knew it I was being dragged to the bathroom to 'supervise'.
Betty took pure delight in what her cleansing did to me. She snickered as she watched my cock rise when she started. I did get her back a little, during her third rinse I stepped to her and wiped the bit of pre-cum from the tip of my aching cock and drug it across her lips.
She had no more emptied her bowels of her last rinse and put a little lube on my cock and I was turning her and bending her over the counter. There is just something about a woman wanting to get her ass fucked that brings out the cave man in me, and she KNOWS that! And that grin on her face in the mirror as I watch her tits bounce and do my best to make them bounce even more... DAMN!
Yup! Definitely Hanks slut... or should that be Hank's anal slut?
Watching her get into her bar code dress was pure torture. Betty turning this way and that, lifting the straps to let her nipples show and then grinning at me as she let the dress drop back in place. The nice points of her nipples just emphasizing her nakedness under it.
The night just progressed from there, Betty even insisted on going up to the roof a couple of times for old times sake. I was glad it was a calm night for as little as she had on. But her telling Thomas off was an event all on to itself. Betty was getting BOLD!
I wasn't sure I could do this in this dress, and Linda talked me into trying it. BUT DAMN! Everyone looking at me has my nipples not just tingling, but ACHING! And Hank keeps looking at them trying to poke through the satin making my puss just flow beyond what he filled me with.
Mmmmmm, filled me, and filled me, and on me... GRIN!
I was standing in the 'blind spot', or at least it used to be. It took some doing, but Claude talked our old GM into letting me drop the hammer on Tommy since he was the root of our move down south. I was in such a good mood I was tempted to stop and visit Zack in this dress...
"Hey Becks, you finally come back to your senses and got rid of that looser?" he said while trying not to be too obvious at getting a look at my boobs.
I HATE being called 'Becks', but I giggled at how clueless Tommy really is.
Tommy grinned like he had scored, "You want to duck back into the office and have a little fun?" taking a more daring look at my boobs, even stopping at my nipples a little. Poor boy.
"Oh Tommy, you really have no idea."
"Give me one good reason why we shouldn't," he said with a smug grin not appreciating being called Tommy.
I remembered that smug grin, the one that he had when he thought he was going to get his way with me, and he was PISSING ME OFF! One good reason... "I'll give you five Tommy," holding my hand up.
"ONE, I woke up this morning knowing I was totally wanted. Hanks hard dick in the crease of my ass before he slipped into my puss to get me warmed up."
Tommy' eyes went wide.
"TWO, Hank watched me having my enema's preparing for him as he strokes in anticipation, the last one made me look like I was pregnant. A dab of lube and Hank is plowing my ass as I squirt all over his legs until I passed out."
Tommy looks like he's going to have a heart attack.
"I came to with this luscious huge plug in my ass. It spreads my cheeks and makes my dress a little tight, but it moves and pulls with every step."
Tommy glances down, trying to imagine my cheeks spread around this WONDERFUL plug with the big hourglass head I bet.
"THREE, just after first break Hank took me up on the roof and bent me over to fill my puss. He gave me such a load I couldn't sit down for lunch it was running down my legs so much, that is except for the stuff I had to wipe up and lick off my fingers."
Tommy's eyes were glued to my finger as I brought it to my lips and licked them.
"FOUR, after late break we went back up and I stripped off my dress, the only thing I'm wearing by the way. Hank watched me get off as he stroked in front of me, I came as soon as he shot all over my boobs".
Tommy's looking at my cleavage, well what there is of it anyway. But now he's noticing the leftovers of Hank's cum that dribbled down all the way to my nipples. I can almost cum again remembering his warm cum splashing on my boobs.
"And FIVE, when we get home I'm going to strip this dress off and lay back on the bed with my head hanging off so Hank can put that delicious dick straight down my throat. Hank says I squirt across the room when he does, but beyond the first few strokes of his balls hitting my nose as he shoots down my throat I don't remember a thing until I wake back up with a full belly."
Tommy gulped, probably a bit of an overload. I hadn't planned on saying all of that, but it looks like it had the right effect. He's standing there like a fish out of water.
"And now that I've given you a few things to think about what you lost, these gentleman are here to escort you up to H R." I waved to the two gaming officers standing behind him. They didn't usually get involved in these kinds of things with the casino, but as soon as Tommy had visited H R, he was being escorted to a waiting squad car. Three of the girls he had harassed while we were down south had decided to press charges. Too bad Zack was up state, maybe he and Tommy could be roommates!
I was hard again standing behind them around the corner of the machines, just listening to her recount our evening adventures. She giggled as she put her arms around me for a kiss, grinding against me as they walked Thomas away behind her. "I'm dribbling again," she whispered as she pulled herself up tight. They had barely gotten Thomas out when several of the girls came rushing in.
"Oh god Betty, that was SOOOO good getting Thomas like that. You spun a story that will have him wondering for years!"
Betty looked at JoAnne, "What story?"
"What you told him... I mean you..." and suddenly her eyes went wide. "Damn girl!" looking down at Betty's chest and realizing what was drying between her tits.
Betty just grinned, then turned back to me. "Take me home."
I just grinned, I had a belly to fill in one of the best ways possible.
We strolled out, Betty wigging her ass and pushing my hand down to it. A contented sigh as I gave it a nice squeeze before getting our coats. With that thin dress Betty stayed covered up for the short trip home, but it went flying as we came in the door. The dress followed shortly and then I was drug to the bedroom. Thankfully Claudette had already left for work.
I grabbed a couple of towels and threw them on the floor in the projected path while looking at an impatient woman cupping her tit and running her finger though her pussy.
I teased her a bit by dropping my slacks first letting my hard cock stand out while I took my shirt off. It didn't EVEN come close to looking at my nearly naked fiancé for the last several hours. Especially after unloading on her chest and in her pussy during the night.
Betty sighed as she lay back as I came around the end of the bed, "Bout damn ti..." what followed was a decent squeak around my cock as I got a good grip on her tits and just kept going until I was balls deep in her throat.
I held it there for just a second before pulling out to her lips. Seeing Betty grin around my cock as she took a deep breath and nodded ever so slightly.
I just ROARED! Little glimpses of her all night long, that dress on the flight up. Pulling her dress down and hosing her own tits... "FFUUUUUCCCCKKKKKK!!"
Betty got everything she had been working up in me the last few hours. Feeling her press up into my hands as she arched up cumming. Squirting well beyond the towels I had laid out and I didn't give a fuck!
I barely remembered to pull back to shoot a little in her mouth and to let her breathe before ramming my cock down her throat again and again. Falling forward on her trapping her under me, rolling off of her looking at her beet red face and her ear to ear grin.
When we managed to catch our breath Betty rolled over towards me. She cradled my VERY limp cock and brought it to her lips to lick the last dribble. "Been waiting all night for that..."
I just groaned and fell back putting my arm over my face...
___
I managed to roll out at a decent hour, Claudette was giving me a ride over to pick up Betty's car on her way to work.
Betty was groping and teasing while I attempted to eat my cereal, Claudette just snickered when Betty got a good grip on me as I put a spoonful in my mouth. I about choked on that cereal!
Betty wrapped her arms around my neck as she kissed me goodbye. "I'll see you in a few hours."
"I'm just running over to pick up your car."
"Em Hmmm, and then you and Charlie will gab for an hour or so before you realize you've been there that long and then scurry back."
I just smiled and shrugged.
Betty groped my cock and grinned, "I'll just have to find some toys and play with myself while you're gone."
I groaned, Claudette snickered. We about got run over by Tarra and Ebi coming in through the door as we were going out.
I smiled as Tarra and Ebi drug each other off to their room. The giggles and shrieks before the shower started told me all I needed to know.
Well I could at least make an attemptat breakfast. Scrambled eggs and toast wasn't much.
"Oh you are a DOLL!" Terra exclaimed snagging some eggs. "Thanks," and leaned over and gave me a little peck at the edge of my lips.
"Mmmmm," Ebi followed, but I got more of a kiss on the lips from her.
It caught me by surprise.
"Oh, sorry," she said softly.
They were munching on the eggs when I came back from my shock. "It's... it's not a problem. I just wasn't expecting it."
It was still a little quiet, and... "What's it like?" I continued.
"What," Terra responded.
"Being... being with a girl."
"Don't know, never been with a guy."
"NEVER!?"
Tarra grinned, "Nope. I knew when I was little I liked girls. Never even tried. Have to ask Ebi. She played with the messy guys for a while."
Ebi rolled her eyes at the 'messy' comment. "So you've never... Not even a little?" she asked.
I must have turned a hundred shades of red from her grin. "Well a little. Some here, some there. But never really... did it."
She just smiled. "Well way back when, I had a few boyfriends. They aren't all bad, some were even half way decent. But most of the guys I knew just didn't have a clue. Too centered on themselves to care about me."
Kinda like Zack I thought.
"Even the good ones still weren't that good. Trying to ram their tongue down your throat and twist your boobs off like that would get me started."
"Gotta have boobs for that to work," I said.
"You got enough. But mainly it was the way they did it. A woman takes her time. We touch and caress, not feel up and squeeze." She took another bite of her eggs, "So a little huh?"
"Bits and pieces, but not the whole thing," I managed to get out.
Tarra and Ebi looked at each other, then Tarra shrugged her shoulders.
Ebi turned back to me, "Something you'd like to try?" she said softly.
"Well... it's something I don't NOT want to try... does that make sense?"
"So you've kissed and played a little?"
"A little, but not a whole lot more. I mean I've... I've licked a girl before, but not really 'done it'..."
"But you'd like to?"
I just nodded my head before I realized I was doing it.
Ebi got up slowly and came around behind me. I was frozen in place.
I felt her boobs in my back, her firm nipples in my shoulder blades just before I felt them flatten against me. Her hand coming over my shoulder heading for my boobs.
"OH GOD..." I heard myself groan as she cupped my boob, giving my nipple the slightest squeeze.
My eyes flashed open hearing Tarra snicker, then heard myself moan as Ebi got a better grip on my boob and lightly kissed my neck. So light she almost didn't touch me. Sliding her other hand down my belly a bit.
I was lost in Ebi's touch. The fingers lightly teasing my mound as her hand cupped and played with my boob while her lips drove me mad on my neck.
A moment later I was startled again. I opened my eyes as I felt another hand on my other boob. Tarra was grinning right in front of me, then she closed her eyes and tipped her head leaning toward me.
I just closed my eyes and let it happen. Her soft lips on mine, her tongue darting between my lips. Like Hank, and yet not. Wanting and teasing my tongue out to play.
I couldn't help myself. I reached out and found a big boob. Squeezing and lifting, first palming a hard nipple, then taking it between my fingers making Tarra moan into our kiss.
And then they were gone, no hands, no lips. I opened my eyes to see Tarra looking at me. She reached out for my hand, but didn't take it.
I only hesitated for a moment, then reached out smiling. She smiled then looked over my shoulder. A moment later Ebi took my other hand and I was being led to their room.
It wasn't what I expected. Not all frilly. Yes it was feminine, but not any more than I would have done.
I was being led to the bed. Ebi turned me, pulling me lightly until I responded. Feeling her nipples poke into my little ones, her boobs almost flattening mine as our lips met. Her landing strip against my shaved mound.
And then I was a girl in the center of an all-girl sandwich. Like back home in Linda's shower, and yet soooo much more.
Tarra's boobs in my back, her shaved mound trying to work its way between my cheeks.
And yet there wasn't the fevered pitch like the shower. Feeling Ebi work her landing strip against my slit, feeling her hair tickle my clit. Kinda like when I rode Hank, but so much more and yet not.
I felt Tara's hand coming between me and Ebi. I backed off a little to let it get between us, but she didn't go for my puss like I expected, she went for Ebi's. Making her nipples harden even more against me and moan into our kiss.
There was a gasp from Ebi when Tarra pulled her fingers from Ebi's puss, and a soft snicker from Tarra.
Tarra pulled me from Ebi and turned me to her, pulling me close. Her WET mound against my thigh. Her boobs against mine, but different from Ebi. Bigger harder nipples but softer boobs.
Her kiss was short, and yet so long. And then she was pulling me to the bed, Ebi already lying there with her arms out beckoning me.
I giggled and rolled onto the bed and into her arms. Cupping her big boob in my hand, feeling her nipple harden between my fingers. Seeing the smile on her face as she closed her eyes and enjoyed my playing with her.
I let my hand slip down her belly, heading for her puss. Ebi lifted and spread as I got there, my finger sliding effortlessly between her slick lips.
I marveled at the feeling of her puss between my fingers, so different from mine. Her prominent mound filling my hand and then some when I cupped her, two fingers easily slipping between her lips and being surrounded. I smiled as she arched up when I slid two fingers in her, bringing her boob to my lips.
I took her nipple tentatively between my lips, hearing her gasp as I nipped at the tip like I loved Hank to do to me. Trying to get my fingers in far enough to get to her g-spot, but not coming close.
I had to do it before I chickened out. I let go of her nipple and began kissing my way down to her puss, working my finger a bit more as I got close.
Ebi lifted and spread wide as I kissed her mound, I had to use my fingers to spread her lips. Somehow I expected it to be different. In Zack's porn movies the black girls were pink just inside their lips. Ebi was black almost to her core. But she did smell good.
I spread her wide making her gasp, then took my first 'real' lick at another woman. Really intending to do it this time. Somehow I expected her to be 'thicker' than she was, kinda like Hank's cum running over my tongue.
Mmmmm she did taste good, just not what I was expecting, a little tart. I licked and nibbled, working my fingers up into her a bit more, but not finding her g-spot. Letting my pinkie down to tease her ass like I love Hank to do to me, but Ebi just tensed up.
I licked and nibbled a bit more without teasing her ass, then I felt hands on my hips pushing me. Tarra was rolling me onto my back and lifting my legs.
I spread high and wide making her grin a little before she lowered her lips to mine. Spreading me further, soft little kisses on my lips alternating with lovely little licks at my clit.
I was waiting for her to hold me wide and dive in like Hank did, but she kept licking and lightly sucking. Putting a finger in my puss and slowly stroking, teasing me.
I was starting to get frustrated when a leg came over me, Ebi was settling her puss over my face blocking my view of Tarra nibbling at mine.
Now this was different! This is what Hank see's when he's eating me like this. My puss spread just above his lips, boobs dangling above that. This is soooo HOT!
I reached my arms around Ebi's thighs and spread her as she lowered herself to me. Her thin nectar droplets just hanging on her lips.
I watched her nipples harden as I licked her, I wonder if mine do that? The little jiggles in her boobs as I licked and nibbled making her jump and squirm. The way her nipples stood up like large Hershey kisses when I sucked on her clit.
But I was paying more attention to the puss in front of me and not enough of what Tarra was doing. All of a sudden I felt a warn tingle run through me, from my clit to my nips, a nice soft orgasm.
Not the thunderbolt I was expecting...
Ebi rolled to my side, and Tarra crawled up on the other side, each lightly stroking the underside of a boob.
Tarra gave me a light kiss, her face and lips still wet with my juices, like kissing Hank after he's eaten me, but not like Hank. "You're not into girls."
"HUH?! But I've..."
She shook her head as her fingers played with my nipple like a mini joy stick. "Girls are okay, but not your thing."
"But..."
Tarra just shrugged, "Maybe with the right situation..."
She gave me another quick kiss, then crawled over me a bit to kiss Ebi with still wet lips.
Ebi wrapped her arms around Tarra and pulled her down for a SERIOUS lips lock, hands going to the others boobs like magnets.
I watched them kiss like they were trying to eat each other, Tarra breaking away making Ebi squeak, then groan as she began kissing her way down to Ebi's puss.
Ebi didn't spread like I did, but the accompanying groan and the hands going to the back of Tarra's head to hold her to her own puss said she was right where she wanted her to be.
I scooted over a bit and watched them, but not for very long. I was a spectator observing something special. I smiled and took one last lingering look at Ebi on the verge of orgasm as I closed the door.
I smiled to myself lightly touched my hardening nipple as I heard her explode into orgasm behind me, I hope I look that far gone when Hank eats my puss!
In a way I guess she was right. In hind sight my best experiences with another girl was when I was already warmed up by something else. Like Hank holding me while we watched Randolph get Madeline off!
After Tarra and Ebi had settled down to low screams I made a few phone calls. I wasn't really 'dreading' them, just not sure what to expect.
The phone call to Hank's mom went even better than I expected. She was just happy he had found someone that would settle him down, even if there was a not so subtle hint for grandchildren near the end of the call. She was a bit disappointed to find out they would be at least a year down the road, but glad to know it was at least in the cards.
The call to my mom, well that was a bit different.
Mom was a bit 'stiff', and when I asked about Charlotte I got a very cold. 'Here, you talk to your sister.'
The conversation was still a bit stiff, then Charlotte whispered, 'I'll call you later.'
Turns out mom was thrilled Charlotte got a good promotion once she got the purple streak out of her hair and started dressing nice. That in turn allowed her to get her own apartment, with her boyfriend... and their girlfriend.
Momma bear was NOT happy her little girl was Bi. I guess I won't say anything then.
I made it back to the apartment about an hour and a half later, and no Charlie and I didn't spend the whole time chatting. He had customers, and he had to move a few of their cars out of the way since we'd put Betty's car in the back to be out of his way.
He did congratulate me on losing my bachelorhood, and was envious of finding someone that could really cook. Veronica wasn't a heat and eat girl, but it was spaghetti from a box and sauce from a jar kind of cooking. I looked down at his belly, "Doesn't seem to be hurting your waist line."
He just laughed and pushed me off towards Betty's car as another customer came in the door.
I came back in the door a little after one, almost our bed time since we had switched to sleeping afternoons down south to avoid the heat of the day. Betty was just kicked back on the couch, not even turning the TV on for noise. I guess the stress of the trip was catching up with her. I chuckled at the 'stress' of seeing her in her dress coming up here.
I came up behind the couch lusting at her sitting there with feet on the coffee table, knees up and slightly spread. So elegant and yet so slutty. Sliding one hand down her shoulder and then chest to cup a tit while I used my other to tip her head back for a soft kiss. "Just vegging out?"
"Something like that," she looked down at her wrist like she had a watch on. "You boys get caught up okay?"
I just chuckled, "Well enough. He was busy enough it took a while to get your car out."
"Uh huh."
I gave her another quick peck on the cheek, "And he was kind of hinting that on our next trip up you could give Veronica some cooking lessons."
She kicked her head back with a smile, "Next thing you're going to tell me is that he's lost some weight."
I smiled at that thought, "What? Charlie give up his pasta?"
We both snickered at that. Betty got up and pushed me to the bedroom. I was slowly undressed and 'given' a shower. And I totally objected to being soaped and groped by my future wife.
The funny part is that although it was sensual, it wasn't sexual. We caressed and played, but just went to bed cuddling, Betty spooning in front of me holding my hand to her tit.
Back to where he first said it...Mrs. Hank Morrison... Hank's slut... FUCK YESSSS...
I was also told we were delaying our trip back by one day... to make visits to the relatives.
You know I really love my mom, but there are some days.
I was thankful that the tops Betty had left behind up here weren't nearly as daring as what she wore down south. I could reach in if I wanted to if Betty moved her arms a little, but not the whole side open tops.
Mom did raise an eyebrow at first realizing Betty was braless and showing a fair amount of side skin, but a bit of talking and Betty cuddling up under my arm and it all seemed to be forgotten. Other than the little dig about grandchildren just before we left.
That evening we went to see her parents... at her sisters place. I only got the heads up on the girlfriend / boyfriend situation as we pulled in. It really became apparent when we went inside. Everybody was happy to see each other... except her parents were a bit cold to her sister and her significant others.
I thought her mom was going to choke when after Betty gave her sister a big hug. She gave the boyfriend an equally nice hug followed by a not so quick kiss on the lips, then followed it up with the same hug and kiss for the girlfriend.
The wink I got as she turned around said she had planned that. Some days you just can't predict what a woman will do. She gave her sister another quick hug, and must have whispered something good for the bug eyed expression on Charlottes face.
"Does she taste as good as she looks?"
We would probably be making trips up here every so often after all. Seems Charlotte wasn't going to college down in Texas after all. The company she was now working for would pick up a good portion of her continuing education if she stayed on here.
---
After her ordeal with Thomas and the family get togethers, Betty was a bit subdued. A little smile on her face, but not the big grin. I grudgingly got dressed and went out to start the truck and let it warm up while Betty did up some eggs. We were on the road a little before midnight.
Betty rode snuggled into me, holding my hand on her tit. At first outside her tank top until the truck warmed up completely, then snickering as I teased the top of her tit catching my knuckles on her shirt until she pulled it open for me to put my hand in and cup her tit.
I wonder what Mom would think was sluttier? Putting Hanks hand on my boob outside my shirt, or holding it open for him to put his hand inside so he can play with my nipples? Mmmmm but either way I just love having Hanks hands on me. She'd probably have a heart attack to find out Charlotte wasn't the only one that plays with girls!
"Everything okay, you're a bit quiet over there?" I asked as I lightly stroked the underside of her tit.
"Emmm, just thinking. We're really finished with all this up here. I mean we can still come back and visit our folks and stuff. But we're down south after this."
"Regrets?"
Regrets... running around work practically on display... Thomas getting what he deserves... playing a little with Ebi and Tarra... finding out my sister is bi... I'd call that a good trip over all.
Betty put her hand over mine groping her, "No, just thinking that's all. Just the two of us, new jobs but not new jobs. A house... and maybe some little feet to help fill it sometime down the road... "for now, just you and me against the world.
I raised my hand enough to play with her nipple ring, "That does have an interesting sound to it."
There was a sigh and Betty relaxed even further back into me. We chatted back and forth. We each wanted kids, two or three depending on how things went, but after we got married.
The getting married would be at least a year away, to let us get established in our departments and see what niches we wanted to get into. We both knew that once we got married one of us would have to change jobs. No way would they let us both stay in slots, even if we were on different sides of the coin so to speak.
Betty acknowledged it would probably be her since she had more options in management, but we'd see what came of things.
Mmmmm, and just as it was beginning to get light out, ornery Betty struck again. We were in line for fuel at the truck stop, and Betty was getting hot. She peeled off her tank top and got out her thin halter, setting it in place but pulled outside her tits before letting it settle in to cover them slightly.
Then she stood and bent over in the cab to drop her jeans. About the time she had them down to her knees there was a loud whistle from the truck in line beside us. Betty just grinned over her shoulder, wiggled her ass, and finished dropping her jeans. I could see the twinkle in her eye when she pulled that donut skirt up, then pulled it too high and had to pull it back down a bit. She grinned and did the finger wiggle wave at him as I pulled forward for our turn at the pumps.
That was the start of a change in Betty. She didn't go back to covering up, but she wasn't flaunting it like she did at first. Not doing her ultimate to push the boundaries. She wore her halter tops loose to let things show if she moved or turned, but she didn't drop the top and lift her skirt to be practically naked.
We chatted a bit more about what we wanted to do when we got back home, most of that involved my hand in Betty's top and hers in my now unzipped pants. And it was a LONG drive. We'd gotten a decent sleep before hitting the road, but you're not exactly zipping along in a U-Haul pulling a car on a trailer.
We pulled in the driveway, pulled off what little we were wearing on the way to the shower, managed to dry off enough on the way to bed, and DIED shortly after hitting the pillows around four in the afternoon.
I had the most wonderful dream. Getting married to Hank, in a light windblown dress. Walking around afterwards, little breezes doing their best to pull my dress this way and that. Alternately plastering it to my body and then billowing open to put me on display. All the guys and even some of the girls smiling at the little glimpses they got of my body. Well that and our cum running down my thighs after Hank fucked me silly after we said our vows!
The trip really took it out of us, we slept in until a little after one AM! Even then we were walking like zombies. I snickered at Betty just doing eggs and bacon after wanting to chastise Tarra and Ebi for barely having that on hand.
We sat and talked a bit, I did manage to get the car off the trailer and get the truck backed up near the deck, but way too many flying critters were trying to suck the life out of me, so unloading would have to wait for daybreak. Going to have to look at putting out some bug zappers to keep the varmints under control!
Just after day break Chester and Linda came over. Thankfully Chester brought his little four wheel caster carts for Betty's monster china cabinet. She still hovered like it was fragile china!
We were about finished unloading all the boxes into the living room when the mail truck came slowly down the driveway. We peeked out the door, then Linda went walking out waving.
"I wondered when you were going to show up." Of course Linda said this with hands on hips and shoulders pulled back a bit.
He smiled looking at Linda, and cautiously at Betty.
Linda snickered, "You're safe Gregory, Betty is one of the fold."
He smiled and took a much slower look at Betty, "And a lovely vision of your fold she is to." Betty just GRINNED and kicked her knee out just a bit more than she had. "Will you be putting a second mail box up on the porch?"
Betty looked at me a bit mystified, then Linda and Chester broke out laughing. "With a second mail box up at the porch Gregory has an excuse to come up to the house and ogle you."
Gregory looked at Linda with mock indignation, "I do not ogle, I merely have great appreciation for beautiful things."
"An appreciation huh?" she asked with tongue in cheek. Then Linda grinned and leaned over and whispered something to Betty. Betty looked back questioningly and Linda nodded back to her.
"Okay, I'll be right back." Betty turned and went up the steps and in the house.
"Oh Linda you are pure evil, you know that don't you?"
"Who me?" she grinned as Betty brought out a glass of ice water.
Gregory drank it down quick and got back on the road, Linda and Chester breaking out laughing as he went down the drive way.
"What's so funny," Betty asked.
Linda groaned as Chester got a good grip on her ass. "Gregory is an ass man like Chester... and you still have your plug in."
Betty's eyes went wide, then she snickered. "Well then you better go take care of Chester then shouldn't you?" as she turned, bent slightly, and wiggled her ass as she went up the steps.
I followed after waving goodbye to Chester and Linda. I came in to see Betty leaned over the arm of the chair. Jewel filled ass and wet pussy on full display.
I dropped my slacks and stepped toward her.
"Fill my fucking cunt," she growled into the chair cushion as I gripped her ass.
I grinned as I got a better grip on her ass, my thumb nudging her plug as I drove into her soaked pussy in one hard stroke.
"FUCK... YES... FUCK... ME... FUCK... MY... CUUUU" the rest was drowned in a spasming orgasm as she shot between my legs and flailed on the chair like a fish out of water. A spasming pussy and a screaming woman is a force to be reckoned with.
As Betty was settling down I was gearing up, getting a better hold on her ass and just driving into her, shot after shot of cum, practically ramming it into her.
When I was able to peel myself off her back and extract my softening cock from her pussy I grinned and got out my cell phone. I got several nice pics of her full pussy. Our cum filling her to almost overflowing between her lovely engorged lips.
I held it in front of her, "You stand up and it's all going to be running down your legs."
I really wish there was a way to keep it all inside me.
Betty groaned, then groaned again. I stood up behind her and watched our cum being pushed from her pussy and running down her thighs.
I was too stunned to think about getting a pic of that, but I did chuckle when her finger appeared between her legs to wipe some of it up. "Mmmmmm," I heard just before her finger appeared again, and again, and...
Then again there is something to be said for it running down my thighs. Hank fills me up sooo nicely. Flooding my puss...
We got a few things situated, and then it was time to go shopping, I groaned this time.
"I just want to go looking, see what we can find for a dining room table, maybe a few other things."
"What's wrong with the one we have?"
"Well," she said as she cuddled up to me. "You can't see through it when I crawl under to suck you down," as she groped me. "And if we have a get together here you won't be able to see any of the other women do it either."
I just shook my head at that vision, only having just unloaded in Betty keeping me from getting hard at that thought.
Betty slipped one of her sheer silk tops with the small solid pockets on and then pulled her little pleated skirt up to where her cheeks were in danger of showing even standing still.
We looked at several in six different stores before she found the one she wanted. It had all the bracing up near the glass giving her plenty of room to crawl under it. It would be one of our first purchases when we had a little extra money.
So then we had to go walking through the malls. Betty flipping her hips enough to get that skirt dancing, and in gripping my bicep she managed to shift that oversized top enough to let her nipple show. A few giggles and surprised looks on those that noticed her nipple show, and after her shudder after seeing a kid almost walk into a column she decided she's tortured the men folk enough and had to go home for some private torture.
On the drive home Betty kicked her leg up enough toalmostlet her pussy show. Pulled her top aside to let it catch on the outside of her nipple, just teasing you into wanting to see her whole tit.
Linda was right. It's soooo much fun to tease. I mean I love showing off for Hank, but being right on the edge like I do at work is really naughty. Knowing that any part of my body could be seen at almost any time. Seeing the effects my little boobs have on guys. And even though I'm not really into girls, it is kinda nice to know I look good enough for them to look too.
Betty slowly stripped off what little she had on as she came down the drive way. Warming up some leftovers for supper she grinned at me ogling her naked body. Sitting back and watching some TV with Betty's head in my lap suckling my firm cock before heading to bed.
___
We got back on the tenth, and the next night it was official. Betty was the new night shift high dollar slot manger.
It was such a relief, I mean I was pretty sure, but until the final decision was made I was still on edge about it. I didn't realize how much until Claire told me. It was like a ton of bricks had been taken off my shoulders.
The hug when she told me was nice, and I even got one of those edge of the lips kisses from her! I held her for a moment and gave her one back just as nice with a little more than the edge of lips.
"So are you going to do anything special for Valentine's Day Miss Manager?"
"I don't know, what do you think?"
"Uh Uh, it's your area now."
"Well I'd like to do something nice, but I've only got a few days to go."
"Mmmm Hmmmm."
I was thinking of all the possibilities, but short days eliminated everything I could think of. But what about, "We had quite a bit left over from New Year's didn't we?"
"I think so," she answered with a raised eyebrow.
"We could put out just some of the red bits, see what we have to work with."
"Possibly..."
"And it's not like it's the whole Casino, just our little section."
Claire just looked at me a bit. "I guess we can talk to engineering in the morning."
I just smiled. Now the next question was if I could do something for a special dress. I'd had a thought about a version of something Linda and I had seen while shopping. But could we pull it together in such a short time?
Betty was all smiles and energy after the announcement. We would no more get home from work before I would get breakfast from my naked cook, slip something on barely covering her delicious body, then it was a nice kiss and she'd dash over to Chester and Linda's.
At first Linda thought I was crazy, then I thought I was crazy. I haven't worn something like this since before Zack and I got together. And then it was just a t-shirt, not a whole dress!
When we first started on it I was terrified. Taking a perfectly good dress and cutting into it like a bad slasher movie. And trying it on I was poking out all over until we had it close to finished. A cross between a peek-a-boo and a fancy off the shoulder dress.
It didn't actually bare anything, just the edges of things, little strips of things... well kinda.
The night of Valentines was reminiscent of New Year's Eve. Betty doing up her hair, not as fancy, but still more than usual. A dress in a bag and one of my muscle t-shirts and a short skirt to work. Of course that was so she could kick her knee up to flash her pussy at me while circling her nipple grinning at me. And since she had come out of the bathroom a flaming red head I knew something was up. She just grinned and giggled at me whenever I tried to ask what was up.
I'm still debating on whether we should have put another layer in this. I mean my nipples don't standout all that much, but with this silky material caressing them with every step I'm going to take they aren't exactly going to be soft little nubbins!
I almost wished I had cleansed so Hank could fill me before we went in, but I wanted to surprise him with this dress. I just hope it's not too much for work.
I slipped my top off before putting my lipstick on, didn't want to take any chances. I took a deep breath and dropped my little skirt and stepped into my new dress, my back to the wall to conceal the plug with a big red crystal between my cheeks. The first time I had worn this dress outside of Linda's.
And even then I was still hanging out of it. The girl across from me almost bug eyed as my boobs hung out the slits while I fastened the collar. It wasn't until I had snapped the collar and hooked the chain beside my boob did everything settle into place and cover my boobs... mostly.
I was afraid it was too much red, but a glance in the full length mirror steeled my nerves. I had enough tan showing to offset it. Well maybe a little more tan than dress. I hope Hank liked it.
Some smiles and looks as I walked through the casino to the high dollar area said it was appreciated. Maybe even a few hard dicks of appreciation! It couldn't be because my nipples were standing out from the feeling of my new special butt plug could it? SLUT!
It was going to be one of those nights. I got into the shop, set my stuff down, and had barely clocked in when I got a call. And another, and another. I think I managed to get a few sips of my pop before it went flat. Just before midnight I managed to swing by the high roller area and peek at Betty.
DAMN!
A bright red silky dress. Neck, left shoulder, and left arm covered all the way to her wrist, her right shoulder and arm completely bare, but in between...
The first slit started just in from her left arm pit, curved down and widening just barely showing the outer and a bit of underside of her left tit before coming back to a point just left of her belly button.
The 'center' slit started just above her left tit, curved down through her cleavage showing a bit of the inner slope of both tits and curving toward her right hip letting a bit of the underside of her right tit show.
And that bare right arm, well it started on the left side of her collar and came across the upper slope of her right tit before dropping down her side and all the way to her waist. A little white chain at the side of her tit the only thing keeping it in place.
As Betty turned to give me a full view, it was all I could do not to drag her down to the shop and fuck her senseless. The leg slit in her dress started about eight inches below where the upper bare skin left off. And it was cut to NOT close. Even standing still there the starting point at her hip widened out to a two or three inch gap showing a fair amount of leg. Her whole leg designed to be bared as she walked.
The back came straight down from her left shoulder and then curved low on her back to join the front on her hip, only that little white chain crossing her back.
Betty stepped to me smiling, then brought her finger up to my chin to close my mouth I hadn't realized was hanging open. She gave me a soft quick kiss, then took the little sweetheart rose from above her ear and pinned it to my smock.
She didn't get any cum on her tits that night, I was forced to fuck her pussy and let her suck my cock... that's borderline abuse isn't it? LOL
Over the next few months Betty and Linda kept making more little modifications to her existing wardrobe. Lower necklines, lower backs, lower arm openings. A little at a time so as not to be so noticeable. Going almost completely from tops and skirts to dresses. All of them made to hang on her hips allowing her to 'let' the top billow open a bit if she moved just right. What skirts she did keep rode high on her waist and all had long slits, and of course Velcro to hold them closed unless she wanted to let her leg show all the way to her waist band.
Like Juanita said. As long as it's not overt. A peek here, a glance there. Just enough to really get their interest but not 'flashing' my boobs and butt.
And I did keep two of the clingy ones that loved my butt. The feeling of them creeping between my cheeks as I walked knowing the guys were watching my ass wiggle and my butt eat my dress kept me horny and wet all night. No sitting to eat on those nights!
Linda even talked me into making one that had a string of large fake pearls from front to back on a piece of elastic. I couldn't wear it at work the way it pulled the skirt into my ass and the pearls into my puss, but walking the mall in it had me cumming several times. By the fourth orgasm I was clinging to Hank and he was snickering at my self-induced punishment.
He 'forced me'to wear it topless at home and lift it to play and lick every other orgasm the following weekend. By one o'clock I was just laid out on the floor in front of him begging him to fuck me.
He just pushed the pearls aside with his dick, adding to the feeling of him taking me. I lost track of how many times I came before I passed out. But I did wake up with a nice warm load of cum all over my boobs and a healthy dribble between my cheeks.
I lay there sprawled out playing with his cum on my chest while he smiled at me doing it. I wonder what he would have thought about me thinking about Natalie licking it off? SLUT!!
---
I was sitting back in the lunch room on last break, kinda picking at my salad. Looking back at how things had changed since we were down here for the opening, I am amazed at my transformation.
Back then I was dreaming about being with Hank, dreaming about being able to go braless, fantasizing about showing my body off, maybe even getting brave enough to flash some stranger once in a while...
And now I was with him, engaged, and we were...
"Hey girl." Shauntane said sitting down across from me.
I looked up to see her grinning at me.
"So I hear you and Hank found a place."
"Yeah, it's not much, but it's out of the way. Out in the country so it's nice and quiet."
"Must be nice. I mean the apartment we're in is nice. But if we want to get away from all the kids around the pool or if I want to work on my tan we have to find someplace else."
"Work on your tan huh?" I said with a grin. A medium dark chocolate black woman needing to work on her tan.
Shauntane snickered, "Well Zack likes the tan lines, makes him think he's seeing something that's supposed to be hidden. But sometimes it restricts what I can wear."
"And of course he totally objects to helping you with your tanning oil doesn't he?"
"Oh strenuously."
I smiled at the picture of Hank getting harder and harder as he puts mine on. I usually wind up lying there in the sun with our cum dribbling from my puss... and once in a while my ASS! SLUUUUT! "Well you guys could always stop out sometime."
"What..."
"Well a girl has to keep up on her tan now doesn't she?" I asked as I pulled my halter aside almost to my nipple. No sign of a tan line here!
"Well we might just have to take you up on that," as she pulled her top open enough to show she had a slight tan line on the inner edge of her boob.
It was a nice but subtle change in Betty. She went from baring herself as soon as she could, to just nice casual skimpy outfits. Big open arms holes and neck lines to let her flash some tit. Lose but clingy skirts that molded themselves to her ass, and a couple that even clung to her mound. Those mixed with the long ones that had the slit WAY up to her hip.
Mmmm, but under those skirts.
"So what do you think Hank?" Betty asked as she came walking in from her sewing room, hips swinging and a clicking noise.
I looked her naked body up and down, then she kicked her knee out drawing my attention to her pussy. She has really perfected that little move.
I chuckled, "So you got one huh?" Her and Linda had gone 'shopping' the other day. Teasing is more like it.
Betty was grinning and her nipples were doing their best to stay nice and firm, but not quite rock hard. "Feels pretty good does it?" looking directly at her nipples.
"Oh god, I don't know how Linda does it. Every time they clink together it goes straight to my g-spot." She gave her hips a little wiggle, and I could see her catch her breath and nipples momentarily crinkle up.
"All that shopping and that's all you got?"
"No," and turned her back to me and stuck her ass out a little. That was followed by a little gasp when the balls in her keyhole knocked together again.
I chuckled at her new plug. A bright white one, but it was what was written on it in fairly large letters that made me chuckle.


Instructions:
1. Remove plug
2. Insert hard dick
3. Remove hard dick
4. Repeat as necessary until you FILL me
Do it again and again and again...


She giggled and scampered back to her sewing room, there were a pair of groans, then she came back out in a pair of regular panties, something I hadn't seen in quite a while. But before I could say anything she turned and showed me the back.


HANKS
ANAL
SLUT


Was stitched above the cutout above the gusset, the cutout around one of her bright crystal plugs. Didn't need to pull them down or even take them off to fuck her ass.
"Have something on your mind do you?"
Betty grinned and turned and dropped to her knees in front of me, her hands going to the zipper in my slacks. She didn't exactly answer, she merely groaned as she slid my firming cock in her mouth. I was soft enough on the first few strokes for her to get all of me in her throat. The smile in her eyes and then the flutter of her eye lids told me all I needed to know.
Betty liked getting me down her throat, but she LOVED to look at me as she did. And even when I was too hard for her to take me down her throat like that, she still groaned when she pressed me to the back of her mouth, working the tip of my cock in the edge of her throat like she was trying to fuck herself.
"I might have something like that in mind," she said as she cradled my balls taking little licks at the head of my cock.
As long as his dick is in me somewhere...
"Oh that sounds just terrible," I answered as I cupped her chin. She did her best to smile with her lips wrapped around me.
"Or we could try something different." Betty opened her lips just enough to take me in, then kept her lips tight around my cock like she was trying to imitate her tight ass. Pulling back up and pulling a bit with her lips against the base of the crown of my cock before pushing back down tight and pushing my cock against the back of her mouth.
Betty pulled back and released me, licking some of her saliva from my cock. "You could always get me ready," licking the underside of my cock. "Give me my enema and get me all ready for this bad boy."
Use your slut like you want to.
She had such a hungry look in her eyes. "Mmmmm, so you want me to bend you over and fill your ass do you?"
There was a nice squeak around my cock. "Groping your tits while I slip that nozzle in and out of your ass. You feeling that water filling your ass imagining it's my cock and cum filling you."
YES! Use your slut!
Betty's eyes closed and she sunk down on my cock pressing it to the back of her mouth, working the tip into the edge of her throat.
"Or is it looking down at me groping your tits as you're bent over, your belly expanding like you're seven months pregnant?"
"If I was really ornery I'd slip your plug in while you're still packed with water, grab your wrists, and just give your pussy a good hard fucking."
OH FUCK!... or filling my ass when I'm pregnant. Hank stuffing me every way he can...
Betty came off my cock looking at me wide eyed, then dropped her head to the carpet, "Do my ass..." she groaned.
I began to stand up, and she came up off the floor like she was spring loaded. As I followed I grinned at her anal slut panties lying on the hall floor. Betty was leaning over the edge of the shower getting the water temp right as I watched her dancing from one foot to the other glancing over her shoulder at my hard cock standing out.
Betty showed me how to operate the little water control lever on the side of her wand, then bent over with her ass in the air like a cat in heat. She looked at me as I put an arm across her rib cage, her eyes closed and then flashed open as I used two fingers to spread her cheeks a bit before touching the tip to her lubed ass.
The sound she made when I began to slide the tip into her ass as I slowly opened the valve was amazing. I couldn't feel anything, but the tremble in her body and that sound told me I was doing something right. And just because I thought I should, I slid the tip in and out of her ass a bit as I filled her.
"ffffuuuuccckkkkk..." She groaned softly.
Can I get any sluttier? Hank fucking my ass as he gives me my enema.
"Enough," Betty panted.
I turned the water off as she pulled forward and turned to sit on the stool. She blushed a bit as she emptied her bowels, but turned right back with her ass in the air for her second rinse.
Do me Hank.
When I put my arm under her I let it drop diagonally a bit further toward her belly. Betty made a sound again, but it was accompanied by another soft groan. Again I moved the tip in and out of her ass, but with a little more action to it, wanting to do it up right for her. From the groans and moans I was doing it right.
I had just started to feel her belly expand against my hand when she called enough for the second time.
I shouldn't have done that. I looked down between my spread legs. Hank's hard dick oozing as he preps my ass for his taking. Just like that picture on the cover of the cheek spreader. Would Hank tie me down and take me like that?
The third rinse and I could definitely feel the water moving forward in her gut. Betty was moaning 'fuck me' over and over. Her hand coming down over my arm and moving back and forth across her expanding belly.
As Betty finished empting her bowels that time I looked at her, "That good enough or one more?"
Yes I can get sluttier. Wanting Hank to fill me with his cum, over and over and over. Feeling my belly stretch as he fills me, as our baby grows in me...
Betty closed her eyes and dropped her head, then moaned and stood up to bend over. Since I knew she was fairly empty, I turned the water volume up a bit more. It was all I could do not to bend her over and fuck whatever hole my steel hard cock found first!
The 'fuck me' got a bit louder, then a bit higher pitched as her belly expanded more and more. I was worried I was going to put too much in her when Betty grabbed my hand on her belly and called out 'ENOUGH!'
Betty turned quick to the toilet and let lose. She had relieved herself of about half when she took my cock between her lips as she reached over to the counter for the lube. How I didn't cum in her mouth and choke her I'll never know.
But Betty was in a hurry. Not putting just a dab on her hand and work it down my cock. This time she gave the tube a good squeeze, slathered it on my cock, then stood up closing the lid. She bent over with her ass in the air and put her head on her crossed arms on the lid. "FUCK MY ASS!"
Fuck my cunt, fuck my throat, fuck me any way you can get that dick in me...
I grabbed her hips and just drove into her ass. By the second stroke I was cumming and Betty was screaming. And having just given her the enema, this cave man fucking was seeming like mister nice guy. I grabbed her hips and just PLOUGHED her ass. Feeling her squirting back against my balls just egged me on even more...
We were lying on the floor. My shoulder hurt. I think we fell over after Betty passed out and I kept fucking her ass. I was still curled up behind her, one hand trapped under her waist, the other cupping her little tit, the head of my soft cock still trapped in her ass.
I rolled back, pulling my cock from her ass. "FUUUCCCKKK!" we both moaned.
We lay there a bit, neither of us wanting to move. Betty was the winner, she managed to roll to her knees and then use the toilet to stand up. Even in my exhausted state I had to smile. I was looking up at her cream dribbling from her pussy and down her thighs.
The little minx had the nerve to wipe it up and then hold her cream covered finger out to get me standing... but DAMN she tastes good! I managed to get another swipe before she stepped into the shower.
We soaped slowly and softly, all either of us had energy for. And man I was going to be sore tonight. But watching Betty wiggle and soap down, the little grin on her face as she soaped her ass right in front of me made me grin like a fool. And while I was rinsing down, she stepped out, dried off quick, and slipped her little chrome plug in her ass before finishing drying.
"You are pure evil woman, you know that?"
She wiggled her ass at me, gasped and then groaned. "It's all your fault you know. I was such a sweet innocent girl before I met you." She only held a straight face for a few moments, then broke down giggling.
We managed to grab a quick snack before heading to bed. It was only one in the afternoon, but we were both going to need some extra rest after that go round.
---
And now for my disclaimers which were inspired by JimBob44, thanks for the inspiration.
Yes, I never met a comma or ellipse I didn't like.
Yes, it jumps around too much.
Yes, it's in the wrong category.
Yes, it's too long.
Yes, it's too short.
Yes, this is stupid shit.
If you want a perfect story go find one written by Mr. Data.
And, yes, I suck.
Go have yourself a warm and fuzzy day.
BTW, you only get to comment on spelling and grammar if you are volunteering to be an editor. Those comments and rants will be deleted, you've been warned.
AND DON'T FORGET TO VOTE!