Tom removed the remainder of his clothes, after his deflating cock fell out of his wife's pussy. They walked arm in arm nude to their in suite bathroom, passing their son's room. Jamie, concentrating on his computer screen, didn't see them pass. Charlene turned on the water, and Tom retrieved the towels. He sat on the water closet, admiring his nude wife's brown star and pleasure palace, as she bent over adjusting the water temperature of the shower. He never gets tired of seeing her most intimate being exposed to his view.
"My wife has a beautiful pussy." Thought Tom, as he looked at his wife's well fucked sex organ, he could see her pussy lips engorged and red from their recent copulation, also she was still excited. He was watching his cum escaping her pussy, when he became aware of his wife addressing to him.
With the water temperature adjusted properly Charlene stepped into the tub, looking at her husband she says. "How about coming in here with me, wash my back and I will wash yours."
Tom jumped in the tub, took the bathing scrunchy, soaped it up, and started to wash his wife's back, faster than you could say 'Jack Robinson'. She leaned against the wall, and then she turned, putting one leg up on the side of the tub facing him. She pointed to her pussy, and Tom didn't need any further direction, wanting any excuse to get close to her pussy. He washed her womanhood thoroughly and cleaned his cum out of her pussy, while admiring her exposed inner lips and clit. Using the hand held shower sprayer, he washed out all their recent passion. Charlene returned the favor, washing her husband's cock, causing him an amorous reaction to her ministrations.
"Stop that or we are going to have to wash up again?" Moaned Tom, leaning against the wall, so he wouldn't fall down, as his wife was giving him so much pleasure manually; he couldn't help his sexual reaction.
Charlene slide down to her knees and continued to pleasure her husband orally. He marveled at her recently acquired skill of deep throating his manhood. She only liked to give him oral on special occasions, and only after he pestered her for a while. He would make her feel guilty for not pleasuring him orally, before she agreed. Another first was her swallowing all his cum. She got up and kissed him, it was a first for him also, tasting his cum on her lips and it didn't turn him off.
They rinsed off and exited the tub, they dried off and both walked into their bedroom to dress, with Tom in back of his wife admiring her mature curves. Charlene went to her lingerie drawer, and took out a white matching bra and pantie set, put on the bra, but left her bikini panties on the bed. She went to her closet; picked out a dark blue skirt, which had a snap front to about 4 inches from the waist, with a white button front blouse. She donned blue inch three heels to finish off her outfit.
"You are like a fine wine my love; you are getting better with age." Said Tom to his wife, while he admired her mature beauty, missing entirely that her panties were still on the bed, as he was mesmerized watching his wife dress.
"Thank you my love." Said his wife, while applying her makeup, and looking at her husband through the mirror.
Tom dressed and went down stairs, leaving his wife to finish, because he was becoming excited again with the visual stimulation. He was thinking. "Another round of sex and another shower will make them late for their dinner reservation that is if I can get it up again."
As he walked by his son's room he called out. "We will be leaving in a few minutes, you ready to go, Jamie?"
"By the time mom is ready, I will be also, dad"
Jamie, looking for a particular shirt called out. "Mom, do you know where my Boston Red Sox tee is?"
"Jamie, I can't hear you, what are you looking for?"
Walking into his mother's room, finding her dressed and brushing her hair, he repeated. "Do you know where my Boston Red Sox tee is?" Looking on the bed, he saw a pair of white panties lying there.
"I washed it and put it in your drawer, did you look there?"
"No, why would I look in the drawer when I threw it on the floor yesterday." He said still looking at the silk bikini panties, as he exited her room.
A few minutes later, Jamie followed his mother down stairs and out the door, pulling it shut as he went, noting there were no pantie lines showing on his mother's backside and knowing she doesn't like G string panties, he was wondering what she had on under her skirt.
Being a gentleman he opened the door for his mother. She entered, having to spread her legs to sit on the seat of the car, thus exposing her womanhood to her son and the mystery was solved.
Jamie was shocked to see his mother's pussy. "She IS going commando tonight." He thought,
Charlene caught her son looking at her womanhood and smiled at him. Jamie turned beet red and averted his gaze, after being caught perving his mother. He entered the rear seat and they were off to one of the more elegant restaurants in the area.
Unbeknownst to her, Tom has made reservation for a table near the back, but in view of the whole dining area.
"I am going to tease the two men in my life tonight." The mature woman thought as she giggled.
Hearing his wife giggle Tom said. "What's so funny?"
"It is so much fun being out with two handsome men, it gives me the giggles."
In the back seat Jamie is listening to the conversation thinking. "Yah mom, I saw your fun place when you entered the car and it looks like it received some attention already."
Arriving at Timothies', Jamie jumped out of the car to open the door for his mother. She slid out, having to spread her legs for balance, and held her hand out for her son, thus prolonging the time her son had to look at her flower of life.
Smiling at her son the mature woman said. "Thanks Jamie, you're the best son any mother could hope for."
"Yah ma, I am the best son presently, because my brothers live out of town."
"You're a quick study, no one can fool you." Stated his father laughing as he exited the vehicle.
They entered the restaurant, with Charlene in the middle, Jamie to her left, and Tom to her right. She had her arms hooked into theirs.
Tom stopped at the Hostess station stating. "Reservation for three for Eight PM."
The hostess looked up at the threesome, smiled and said "Name please?"
"Reservation is under Tom Carter."
The three were escorted to a corner table by the hostess. The seating area was in the back of the dining room, facing out; it was on a platform raised above the rest of the dinning area. It had a round table with a round padded bench seat. Tom entered first, with Charlene and Jamie following.
When they were seated, the waitress asked for their beverage order. Tom and Jamie wanted a coke, Charlene wanted a red wine. As the waitress was taking the order, Charlene was covertly unsnapping her skirt as quietly as she could.
"How was your day today Jamie." Asked Charlene, she wanted to know if Jamie's friends that had seen her nude said anything to him.
"Billy said he saw you today."
"He did, what did he say about the meeting?"
"Nothing much, just that you stood out in the crowd with the suit you were wearing."
Said Jamie, not finishing the statement, as he want his mother to know what Billy really told him.
That made the mature woman feel better that their son's friend didn't mention she was nude, when he saw her. She didn't pick up on the double meaning of his friends comment.
"What did you and mom do today? It isn't often you have a day off from work, dad?" Said Jamie, he wanted to see if they will tell him about the meeting with Professor Beatty.
"We had a meeting with your Visual arts professor today. He wanted to show me what I will be required to do, if I decide to model for the class?" Said Charlene wanting to get this out in the open, before one of his friend slips and tells Jamie she was walking around nude on campus. Now that she gave her son that information. She wanted to change the subject, so she continued. "How are the engineering courses going in college, you having any problems with any of the subjects required?"
"I am in the 'B' to high 'A' range in all my subjects, in fact the lowest mark I have is in Visual Arts, that is why I asked you to model, to see if the professor will take that into consideration in my mark. I took the initiative to find a model for the class hoping that will bring my mark up." Her son was telling a little fib, to give his mother more of an incentive to model for the class.
Tom jumped into the conversation at this point. "Do you need to have more time with a model to bring your mark up?" He wants to see his wife nude again in front of other people, if only in front of her son.
"I will ask the professor if it will help by doing some work on my own. I could copy it on a flash drive and bring it into him." Said Jamie, hoping his father will talk his mother into modeling again for him.
Charlene turned to her husband put her right leg up onto the bench, while she asked. "Do you think I should model for our son to help him with his Visual Arts mark?" as she opened her legs to show her husband she was going commando tonight.
"I think that Mayyyyyyyyyy!" That is as far as he got, when he heard her move her leg and looked down to see her pussy wide open, to his view. She was in public, showing her husband her womanhood. "Outstanding" he thought.
Whispering, "What's the matter Tom, pussy got your tongue?" Charlene laughed, as she put her leg down, just as the waitress came over to take their dinner order.
After the order was taken, and the waitress left Jamie said. "What was that about before the waitress came over, dad; you didn't finish your sentence?"
As Jamie was talking to his father, his mother turned and faced him; she put her leg on the bench and spread her legs.
Looking down at his mother's womanhood Jamie stated. "Mom, what has gotten into you?" Her son had a smile on his face and admired his mother's intimate beauty.
"Your father, just as you came home today. You remember don't you?" she stated as she twisted around and sat more lady like with her knees together, giggling at her last comment.
Anyone facing the table the Carters were in could see under the table at Charlene's exposed femininity unbeknownst to the mature woman, that is why Tom chose the table, and he was watching the patrons facing their table for signs of interest as he Stealthily rubbed his wife's thigh, while talking with Charlene and Jamie.
Two men smiled at Tom when they caught his attention and raised their glass to him, he nodded and smiled also, satisfied that at least two men have seen his wife's intimate beauty tonight. If Jamie knew what his father was doing with his hands under the table, he didn't let on. Charlene though was having a problem containing the moans of pleasure, when Tom covertly rubbed his wife's lower lips, she spread her legs to give him freer access to her labia.
It was Friday night, there was a benefit dance for the school swim team; all the money raised will go to travel expenses of the team. The faculty recommended the students and family should attend, to show support for the team, as they have been winning most competitions, in their class. Charlene had a few glasses of wine during dinner, she is a light weight when it comes to booze, so she was feeling 'happy' presently, but tomorrow may be another story, if Tom doesn't stop the flow of wine.
Jamie wanted his parents to go to the benefit with him, so he asked. "Do you want to go to the benefit dance tonight for the swim team with me?" Hoping they will say yes.
Tom excited his wife went commando tonight, didn't want the night to end yet, so he said. "Char, how about going to the dance for a while, when you get tired, we can leave?"
"Sounds like a plan. I haven't been out dancing in a long time. That's a good Idea Jamie, but would you want to be seen with your parents?" Charlene was fishing for compliments, but also hoping to dance the night away.
"Sure mom, all the guys at college that has seen you envy me." He was referring to the group of his friends that saw her nude, but he didn't want his mother to know this.
Tom paid the tab with a generous tip, even though Charlene said she was buying, with the money she earned today, being nude in public on campus. Jamie helped his mother out of the booth and for the assistance; she gave him another flash of her pussy, because of the condition of her dress. They walked arm in arm out of the eating establishment, the mature woman's dress opening almost to her waist, in front as she walked. Most people seeing her black bush probably thought they were looking at her panties, as they walked past other patrons of the dining establishment, as there was subdued lighting in the dining area, to give an intimate atmosphere for the patrons' dining pleasure.
Jamie went to the passenger side of the car to open the door for his mother, being a low car next to the curb, she had to spread her legs very wide to sit, her dress was completely unsnapped; so the mature woman was showing pink to her son, looking at her son and smiling she took longer than necessary to enter the car, thus giving her son a longer time to view her femininity.
The venue was only three minutes from the restaurant. The dance hall was crowded; Tom found a parking spot toward the rear of the lot. Jamie jumped out of the back seat and opened the door for his mother; during the ride over she had snapped the front of dress closed, so to his disappointment he didn't get to see his mother's flower of life, when she exited the vehicle.
Seeing the expression on her son's face, Charlene said. "Jamie, you disappointed you didn't get to see Mommies' kitty, when she got out of the car?" Referring to herself in the third person and laughing at her levity.
He didn't answer her instead he said. "I know a way to get in the back of the building, follow me Dad." As he grabbed his mother's arm to direct her to the back door he described.
Their son was correct, the back door was open, but there was a guard inside. He recognized Jamie.
"Jamie, how have you been?" Asked the guard as he eyed the older woman and smiled.
"Great Ben, how about you, everything good?"
"Who is the lovely lady with you and the gentlemen?" Asked the guard, as Ben needing to know who the couple was, but he didn't want to alarm them, as he is responsible for security at this entrance to the venue.
"This is my mother Charlene and my father Tom. Mon and Dad this is Ben Carson, he is taking the visual arts class."
Ben kept eye contact with Charlene while he smiled. The mature woman turned red thinking. "He was in the class that I modeled for today. He knows what my breasts look like. The color of my pubic hair, the size and shape of my pussy, and he saw my butt hole." She had trouble keeping eye contact with the guard and to top it all off she could feel her pussy creaming, causing moisture to start running down her inner thigh at the thought of the young man seeing everything.
"Nice to meet you Mr. Carter." Said the Guard as shook the older man's hand and then looking at the older woman he said. "Mrs. Carter, I hope to see more of you on campus?" Ben was wondering if she caught on to the double meaning of his comment, as he shook her hand and smiled at her to let her know her secret was safe with him.
Jamie was walking up to the front to pay for tickets for his parents, when the six young classmates who saw Charlene naked today, came up to them and greeted them.
Billy, being the spokesmen for the group said. "The tickets are all paid for Mr. and Mrs. Carter."
The couple said. "Thank you, but you didn't have to do that."
"Figure it payment for being so open with us today at the college during class, Mrs. Carter." Said Billy, with the rest of the group nodded in agreement.
The group of young men were embarrassing Charlene with the double meaning of their statement.
"Will I ever be able get over the embarrassment of meeting my son's friends, after they have seen me completely nude, knowing what I look like without my clothes on?" She thought.
As soon as Jamie entered the venue, after conversing with his friends, he left his parents with the group saying. "I will be back in a few minutes." He came back as promised, with a young red head woman his age in tow. "Mom, Dad, I want you to meet Tammy Philips, she is in some of my classes and works for the visual arts program, as part of her scholarship. She gets paid for the work." Not wanting to tell his parents that he met the young woman while she was modeling nude for his class.
"Nice to meet you, Tammy," Said Charlene as she put her hand out, but Tammy gave the older woman a hug instead.
"Where have you been hiding this stunning young lady?" Tom said as he went over hugged his son's friend.
"I need to find a ladies room." Stated Charlene, she needed to wipe the excitement from between her legs, before she embarrasses herself with a wet stain on the back of her skirt, knowing she has no panties on to absorb her excrement, caused by sexual excitement knowing the guard has seen her nude along with the six young friends of Jamie.
"I will go with you to show you were the ladies room is, Mrs. Carter." Tammy was moving in the direction of the closest restroom, as she addressed the older woman who was following her.
When they returned from their trip to the restroom Tammy and Charlene were sitting and talking for a few minutes, the mature woman wanted to know a little bit about the young woman her son introduced her to. She talked with Tammy for a while, Charlene enjoying the young woman's company. When the music started Charlene got up and went over to her husband.
"Tom, it is time to dance." Grabbing her husband's hand, she dragged him out onto the dance floor to dance to a fast number, asking her husband. "What do you think of Tammy?"
"I think she is a nice young lady, but Jamie is the one who has to like her?" stated Tom.
Tom really doesn't like to dance, but Charlene would dance all night long, so when the six young men came over and asked her to dance, after she danced about ten dances with her husband, he was grateful to them for helping out. Charlene had a wonderful time with the group of young men. She was afraid there would be problems, as all of them saw her naked today, but they were respectful and never mentioned the afternoon to her or her husband, although they took some liberties in the way they embraced her during some of the slow dances, wrapping their arms around the older woman thus pressing her breasts into them and putting their hands on her ass during the slow dances.
The group was having so much fun; Charlene's dress became completely unsnapped by the end of the night giving a show to anyone close enough to her in the darkened dance hall to observe. They stayed until the band started to pick up their equipment.
Jamie spent most of his time talking to and dancing with Tammy. Charlene could see that Jamie liked her; talking with the young woman Charlene could tell she was a very nice. She also found out that Tammy was home sick, she lives eight hours from college and her parents couldn't afford to have her travel home very often.
"Tammy, would you like to come to our house to stay the weekend? We have two extra rooms." Charlene was happy to see expression of joy on the young woman's face, when she extended the invitation.
"Really you wouldn't mind, I would love too." Stated Tammy elated she will be able to get out of the dorm for a few days.
"It is late Tammy, why don't you call your dorm coordinator and tell her you're with us and give them our phone number and name. Better yet let me talk to her." She got on the phone saying. "Tammy Philips is staying at the Carter residence tonight." The mature woman gave the dorm coordinator their phone number and address. Charlene was happy to have this young woman stay with them. She only had boys and longed to have a girl, so this may be good for both of them.
"I don't have any sleepwear?" Said the young lady afraid she will have to go back to the dorm tonight.
"If you're not too shy, I think I can find something for you to wear tonight, you're about the same size as me, and Jamie can bring you to the dorm tomorrow to get an overnight bag, so you can stay a few more days." Charlene said smiling at the young woman, as a gesture that she is pleased to have Tammy stay with them.
Going to the car the four walked arm in arm, Charlene between her husband and her son, Tammy on the outside holding Jamie's hand, this time he opened the door for Tammy, Tom received the privilege of opening the door for his wife.
She put on a show for her husband; she sat on the seat and twisted to talk to Jamie and Tammy. Charlene spread her leg further than necessary, thus leaving her pussy on display for her husband's viewing pleasure, because her dress was totally unsnapped. He was getting off on the fact that someone could come by and see her antics.
The young couple was talking between themselves in the back seat during the trip home.
In the front seat Charlene said. "I had a wonderful time Tom. Jamie thank you for asking us to come with you, Tammy I was telling Jamie that we didn't want to embarrass him going to the dance with him, but he said he wanted us too."
"That is what I like about Jamie his is always talking about you guys. I wish my parents were closer, this is the first time I have been away from home, I appreciate the invitation you extended me tonight." The young woman said to Charlene.
When they arrived at the Carter's home the yard lights came on Tammy was impressed with the structure. She wants to become an architect and likes to look at different type's structures. "The outside of the house is beautiful, Mrs. Carter. Who does the yard work, it looks nice."
"Tammy please call me either; Charlene, Char, or Mom. Calling me Mrs. Carter makes me feel older than I am. As far as the yard work; that is done by the three of us, I do most of the gardening, Jamie cuts the lawn, and Tom helps with anything we ask him to do, that we can't handle alone."
Tom drove the car into the garage and they entered the house through the mud room into the kitchen.
Again Tammy was amazed how lovely the kitchen is stating. "Mom; is the kitchen for show or do you use it? It looks like you just remodeled it?" The young woman stated, in awe of the beauty, of the kitchen.
Beaming that Tammy called her mom and her question about the kitchen Charlene said. "The kitchen is five years old, Jamie, Tom and I did most of the work, the quarts counter tops were just installed last year, and we had someone install them for us."
Throughout the whole house Tammy was complimenting Charlene and she in turn redirected the praise to her husband and son.
Going up stairs Charlene showed Tammy her room. It had an in suite bathroom that was shared with the other empty bedroom. Jamie had to share the bathroom with his middle brother when the three were all at home. He moved into his oldest brother's room when he left, now he wished he stayed in his old room, as he would only have a bathroom between him and Tammy.
"Tammy, come into my room see if we can find some sleepwear for you?" said Charlene.
The young woman followed Charlene to the dresser holding her nightwear. Charlene pulled out PJ's, sweat pants and tees.
When Tammy spotted the red lingerie in the drawer, she asked. "Do you mind if I wear this to bed, Mom?" Pulling it out of the drawer and looking at the lovely garment.
Surprised at the young woman's choice, but thought she would look good in it, Charlene said. "Sure you can wear it if you're courageous enough. It is very diaphanous you know?"
"I like it, mom. Do you mind if I change in here?"
Astonished at the request Charlene said. "I don't mind, the bathroom is through that door." Pointing in the direction of the room. "But don't you think you should go to your room and change?"
"No, it doesn't bother me to undress in front of other women. I live in a dorm remember?"
After the last comment, Tammy took off all her clothes in front of Charlene, with the door open to the hall. The mature woman marveled at the innocent way the young woman stripped. Tammy was an inch or two shorter than Charlene, her pubic hair was the same color as her head, a bright red. Her abundant bush was trimmed; her breasts were about a thirty two c, but looked larger on her frame, with large nipples, slim waist and a bubble butt. She had the light skin of a red head, without the freckles. She put on the garment, without the panties. The negligee was past her knees, standing in the light her red pubic hair could be seen, but Charlene didn't say anything to the young woman, as she looked stunning in the nightwear. Charlene pulled out a white negligee, which went to below her knees, and her intimate garment didn't come with panties. The older woman removed her garments in front of Tammy forgetting she was didn't have any panties on.
"Mom, you went commando tonight!" The innocent younger woman had a look of pleasant surprise on her face.
"I will explain tomorrow about outfit." The older woman said turning red with embarrassment.
They discussed the great time they had at the dance, while they were getting ready for bed. Tammy wondering why the older woman had the courage to go without panties, as her mother would never do anything like that.
Tammy was walking out of the bedroom as Tom and Jamie were coming up to bed. They were awe struck with the beauty of the young woman.
She stopped to talk with the two men, unashamed of her present state of dress. The innocence of the young woman, who was standing in front of them, was amazing, you wanted to take her in your arms and hug her, and she looked so cute in the negligee.
They all said good night and went to their rooms being tired from the long day and dancing all night. Tammy was excited by her good fortune to meet the Carter's and be invited to their house for the weekend. Jamie's not bad on the eyes either, she thought, as she put her head on the pillow and fell into a peaceful asleep. Charlene and Tom, being totally exhausted went right to sleep.
When Jamie got into bed he couldn't sleep. He had a beautiful young lady in the next room that he would like to know better. He tiptoed to the room, Tammy was in, whispering, "Tam, you still up?" getting no answer, he looked in her room to see her fast asleep. "She looks so beautiful, her red hair spread out over her pillow." He thought, as he closed the door and went back to his bedroom. It took him a while, but sleep finally came as he thought about the beautiful young lady in the next room, seeing her naked modeling in class and meeting her in the hall at college and with the red negligee on tonight, she is a very pretty lady.
The next morning Tom and Charlene awakened first, Tom with his fat pants on and a tee, Charlene with her negligee on. They started breakfast; the smell of coffee brewing awakened the two young people. Jamie had his board shorts on he wears to bed, and Tammy dressed in the negligee she borrowed from the older woman.
"Do you want something to put over your nightwear?" Jamie asked when she walked out of her room and toward the stairs.
"No, I'm good." stated Tammy.
They walked downstairs together, when they came to the first floor, the light shining into the house at the bottom of the stairs; caused the negligee Tammy was wearing to become totally transparent. Both parents looked up at the same time to see their son's friend all but nude. Not wanting to say anything to embarrass the young woman, they returned to preparing breakfast, although Tom kept glancing at the young lady and smiling.
Tammy sat at the table, the sunlight was hitting her, she said, "Good morning, that was the best sleep I had since I came to college, there was no one making noise and no loud music like there is at the dorm. Thank you Mom for inviting me."
Noticing both men where perving Tammy, Charlene said. "I think you should sit in this seat." Pulling it out for the younger woman and continuing, "Your welcome here anytime Tammy. Just let us know ahead of time, if you want to come over and you can catch a ride with Jamie. Just bring an overnight bag with you."
After breakfast, tearing his eyes away from the two women, Tom said. "Jamie we have yard work to do, the sooner it is done, the sooner Mom will let us go play by the pool in back." Both men got up and went to put on their work clothes, leaving the women to clean up the breakfast dishes.
The men went outside doing the chores required every weekend, to keep the yard groomed properly. Charlene noting Tammy is very uninhibited, had a suspicion Tammy is a model for the Visual Arts class.
Charlene got up and was clearing the dishes used, asking Tammy. "So what do you do for the Visual Arts Department?"
Turning beet red Tammy trying to avoid answering the questions said. "Mom, let me help you with the dishes."
Charlene was scrapping the dishes and putting them in the dish washer and Tammy was putting away items from the table, asking the older woman where they went. This went on until almost everything was put away.
Charlene looked at the younger woman saying. "You model nude for the Visual Arts classes don't you."
Tammy started crying asking. "How did you know? Did Jamie tell you?" She was sobbing presently saying. "I had to model to keep my scholarship, it was in my contract and I missed it when I signed it. I hope you are not disgusted with me. I want a college education and the only way I can get it is through the scholarship."
The older woman wrapped her arms around Tammy, to comfort her saying. "I surmised you were a model the way you unashamedly undressed in front of me and this morning you came down stairs in the negligee. My son didn't say anything about you modeling. I am not appalled, that you model nude. It takes a lot of courage to be nude in front of strangers."
The younger woman calming down after the last statement by the older woman said "They want me to model the erotic poses for that class, but I don't think I can do the spread poses they require, and the professor says, if I refuse it may affect my scholarship. I heard through the grape vine that there was an older model doing some erotic test poses for the Visual Arts class on Friday. I hope she wants to do the poses, so the professor doesn't force me to do them to keep my scholarship." Said Tammy looking embarrassed at the thought of having to expose her vagina and anus to the camera for the erotic shoot, hoping he can find someone else to do the poses.
Being a mother and wanting to take the hurt away from this young woman in her arms, after considering the consequences of her next statement, Charlene said. "Tammy, do you know who the older woman was, that was seen nude yesterday in the class?" The mature woman asked, to find out if the young men that saw her mentioned who the mature woman was.
"No, they didn't say who the woman was, but many of my friends saw her. She was not only nude in class, but outside also and they said the woman's husband was with her." Recited Tammy, recounting the story she was told.
"Will you feel better, if you knew who the woman was, and could talk with her?" Asked Charlene.
"Yes, I would, it would make me feel better about being totally exposed, if I was made to do the erotic modeling, I would feel like a slut spread out for the camera." Stated the young woman, feeling better she had someone to talk to about her feelings.
"Tammy, the nude mature woman doing the poses and walking around the campus nude was me. I was instructed by the professor to do it, as part of my audition to be an erotic model, I had to be nude and I mimicked the poses that Tiffany did." Said Charlene embarrassed that she did the poses yesterday.
"I watched Tiffany posing, but when the professor asked me to mimic the poses she did, I refused." Said Tammy turning red, remembering Tiffany's total exposure, continuing she asked. "You actually exposed your lady parts to the cameras of the students." Not being able, to bring herself, to call a woman's intimate parts, her pussy and brown star.
Charlene looked at the young woman embarrassed at what she was about to say, the older woman confided. "Yes I did, I showed them everything I had." To further explain she said. "My husband wanted me to model, my son took my audition photos, and I consented because of the money they pay. I have been laid off from my job and can't find anything. I was down on myself for not helping financially, so Jamie told me about the modeling, I didn't realize I would be so exposed to the class." The older woman felt like she is talking to a daughter she never had at this time.
"Did Jamie tell you where we first met, mom?"
"No he didn't"
"I was modeling nude the first time he saw me. I was embarrassed when he met me on campus, after I modeled, because he knows what I look like under my clothes and I am not comfortable with my body, I think it could be better, but I found out he really liked me and he is a nice guy. OH! by the way the money for modeling is great also." Said Tammy, now smiling that she has someone to talk to, about this important step she may take, as it may affect her future working for an architectural firm after graduation, if they find out she was a nude model. She wants more impute from other people modeling before she considers erotic modeling for the class.
"I know what you're talking about, I felt that way also, furthermore my son was the one taking photos of me, it took me some time to justify exposing my body to my son, but this is for art and the financial well-being of our family. Besides I was also very turned on and my husband benefited by my horniness." Charlene laughed before she continued. "All women feel their bodies could be better, but take it from me, our men like what we look like. Jamie is a nice young man we brought him up to respect women. I am glad he brought you home and we had this conversation for both of our sake." Charlene was comfortable talking to the younger woman about modeling and to help her feel better about her body image.
"I enjoyed the conversation also. I could never talk to my mother the way we just did. She is very religious and always taught me my body is dirty and no lady should be nude, unless it is in front of her husband, but you are so much different. Thank you so much for listening to me." Said Tammy grateful for the older woman's impute.
"Last night I went commando for the first time in my life, it was very liberating being nude in front of all the people on campus yesterday and that is why I had the courage to dress that way for my two men." Charlene explained to the younger woman.
At one PM the two women were still in their negligee when the men came in after doing the chores around the house.
"We were out there working our fingers to the bone and the women are in here looking sexy as ever." Said Tom to his son,
"Got that right dad, both of the ladies are sexy."
Having to take showers the four went to the bathrooms. Mom and Dad showered together again, everything was going fine in the master shower, until Tom dropped the soap and Charlene automatically bent over to pick it up, that is when she felt her husband entering her, going as deep as he could in one thrust. He was so excited, that she had to put her hands on the wall to stop her head from bouncing against it. Charlene was so wet and Tom so excited that the sex act was over in no time, both cumming in record time, they were so excited. The only thing left after their frantic dance of lust was to clean up the act and Tom was there with the wash scrunchy to do that. Charlene was sexually charged because of the conversation she had with Tammy and Tom because of the sexy almost naked women in his house this morning.
Tammy is becoming attached to Jamie and his family. She is glad she has Charlene to talk to. Jamie is frustrated he has not had a chance to be with Tammy alone, but he wants to make sure he is not pressuring Tammy into an intimate relationship she is not ready for.
Tammy was dressed in the same clothes she had on the night before, but Charlene washed them for her during the morning. She was in the kitchen when Jamie came down from his room.
"Can we get some clothes at my dorm Jamie?"
"Sure Tammy. Mom Dad I am bringing Tammy to her dorm." He called up to his parents.
Charlene and Tom were coming down the stairs; they had on their swim suits, Tom a pair of Board shorts, Charlene a very brief Bikini.
"Mom, Dad you guys look great." Said Tammy
Jamie agreed with her. They left to go to the campus.
While the two young people were gone, Charlene filled in Tom on everything the two women talked about while the guys were outside. Charlene only meeting Tammy yesterday, felt they knew each other all their lives and she is a very nice young lady. Tom has the same feeling about Tammy; hopefully Jamie feels the same way they as do.
Jamie parked his car at Tammy's Dorm and shut it off. "I will wait for you here."
"Why don't you come up with me, so you can carry my overnight bag down?"
"Okay, I can do that."
They walked up to Tammy's room hand in hand. She unlocked her door and went to her wardrobe and got her overnight bag; put her clothes for a few days in the bag.
"I am going to change into a sundress." As she removed the clothes she had on and found the dress she wanted. She was topless picking through her wardrobe to select the garment she wanted. She turned to Jamie saying as she was holding up two dresses. "Which dress do you like, the pink one or the green one?"
"I like the suit you have on now, but I don't think my mother will be happy with me, if I bring you home as you are now. Admiring her naked beauty as he was speaking, he continued. "I like the green dress because it has buttons all the way down the front."
"In that case I have to change my panties because they don't match." She removed her panties and bent over giving Jamie a wonderful view of her pussy and dainty little pucker. Tammy found a green G string pantie to match the dress. She slipped it on, but her red bush was still showing on the sides. "You think I show groom my bush Jamie? She asked.
"It looks great just as it is." Jamie said adjusting his manhood because his pants are getting tight in the crotch with her antics.
The young people came back and Jamie brought the overnight bag up to the room Tammy occupies for the weekend. Jamie put on his swim suit and was out by the pool when Tammy came down. Jamie, Charlene and Tom were talking, when Tammy entered the pool area all conversation stopped to admire the red head beauties bikini and how she fills it out.
Jamie was the first to speak. "Tammy you look absolutely beautiful in the red bikini." His comment was spoken with reverence, not wanting his mother to feel left out he looked at her and said. "Mom, you look lovely as well."
Tom complimented both the women also. They spent the weekend at the pool and cooking out. Tammy stayed with the family for the weekend becoming more attached to them. They made her feel like part of the family. Jamie was smitten by Tammy's innocence and her feminine charm.
Fast forward to Monday morning;
"I want to thank you for the wonderful weekend." Said Tammy as she hugged Tom and Charlene on the way out of the house, the young woman had tears in her eyes.
"Jamie, make sure you bring this young lady back here, we had a great time having her at our house." Said Charlene, because she noticed the younger woman was feeling remorseful at leaving.
She rode to school with Jamie on Monday morning regretting the weekend was over and hoping she will be invited back.
They rode to school recounting the weekend, and the fun they had.
When Jamie stopped at Tammy's dorm to drop her off she said. "Jamie I left my overnight bag at your house. Can you bring it to me tomorrow when you come to college?" She slid over and gave him a passionate kiss that turned into a French kiss after the last statement.
"I can bring you back this afternoon to get your overnight bag." Said Jamie, hoping she will be invited to stay the night, as he really is attracted to this sexy redhead.
"I have to go to class now, we will continue this later." Said Tammy as she exited the car leaving Jamie with such a massive boner, the poor young man didn't have enough skin left to close his eyes.
Jamie entered the Science building running into Professor Beatty.
"Jamie did you talk to Tammy about the erotic modeling, as I asked you to? We will need more women for erotic models in a few weeks. How about your mother, do you think she will want to model, she did a good job on Friday and your father wants her to model. Do you think you can persuade them, it will be reflected in your mark you know if you can?"
"I really like Tammy and I will not coerce her into modeling, but you give me a letter stating what you told me and I will present a letter to my mother and you present a letter to Tammy. It will be their decision though. I will not be a part of forcing them to model, even if my mark goes down for my refusal to be a part of your plan to coerce the women to model." Said Jamie as started to walk away not liking what the professor was proposing.
"Pick up the letter in my office this afternoon." Said the Professor realizing he doesn't want to get Jamie upset, as Jamie may cause problems for him.
During the break between classes Tammy called her mother telling her about the Carter family and the fun she had over the weekend. Tammy gave her mother Charlene's cell number.
Deloris Philips, Tammy's mother called Charlene, after talking to her daughter, dialing the number and after the person on the other end picked up, she said. "Hello, my name is Deloris Philips, I am Tammy's mother is Charlene there?
"This is Charlene."
"I want to thank you for letting our daughter stay at your house over the weekend. We were afraid she would drop out of college, as she is very homesick."
"Deloris, Tammy is a lovely young lady and she can stay here anytime, in fact if you and your husband would like to come visit here, we have plenty of room for you to stay, if this will help you see your daughter more often?"
"Why thank you Charlene, Do you think we can come see her in a few weeks?"
"Sure just let me know, do you want to surprise Tammy?"
"Yes, that would be fun Charlene? Tammy has been talking about a young man named Jamie do you know him?"
"Yes we do, he is our son."
Relieved Deloris said. "Tammy is kind of innocent and is very naive. I am glade she can go to your house, so you can keep an eye on her for us, she is our only child and it was hard from me to have her go away to college."
"I have three son's and Jamie is the only one that lives here presently the other boys have jobs in the Boston area and on the west coast, I don't see them much anymore, so I know what you mean about trying to hold on to them as long as you can." Said Charlene reminiscing about her kids, continuing she explained. "I have three boys and Tammy has helped me also, I can talk to her like the daughter I never had. I hope you don't mind?"
"No that is fine Charlene. I miss her and she is home sick, so if you can help her through that we would appreciate it." Said Deloris
"Deloris, in a few weeks the Family weekend coming up, it is a good time to come here, so you can see how Tammy is doing, and they have many activities for families to participate in." Said Charlene.
"We will figure on being there for the family weekend. Would it be possible to stay for four days?" Said Deloris.
"Sure you can stay as long as you want." Said Charlene, as she wants to meet Tammy's parents, they hung up after saying their goodbyes.
Jamie went to the Professor's office after class, as luck would have it, he wasn't there, and going to the media room he found the professor. The model for figure studies today was Tammy; she was doing classic nude figure poses. He watched her pose for a while, admiring the lovely naked woman, before he acquired the attention of the professor.
"I went to your office to get the document you wrote for Me." said Jamie.
The class was being dismissed by the instructor. Tammy saw Jamie and came out into the hall nude, her red hair and bush highlighting her body, her nipples erect from her excitement, he could smell her pheromones and she was exciting him.
"I forgot my overnight bag at your house; can you bring it to me tomorrow?" Tammy wanted a reason to go out into the hall nude to see Jamie and have the other people in the hall see her nude. It was exciting her.
Looking at the nude woman in front of him, Jamie said. "I will give you a ride to my house, if you ride there nude?" He wanted to see if she would go with him.
"Deal, my classes are done for the day how about your?" continuing she says, "Can I at least get my clothes and you can put them in the trunk of the car?"
Not believing his good fortune, grateful his classes are done for the day he said "Sure, we can do that."
The professor standing in the hall, watching the young couple says. "It is legal to go out in the parking lot nude, if you want to Tammy." Professor Beatty said, hoping that Tammy becomes comfortable enough in her nudity, to agree to become a model for the erotic modeling class coming up in a few weeks as he is having problems finding women willing to model for them. They are the most fun of all the classes and he doesn't want to cancel them because he can't find the models.
The nude young woman, the professor and Jamie walked to the professor's office. He gave Jamie the letter he wrote for his mother. He gave Tammy the letter he wrote to her. With letters in hand the two young people left. It was intimidating for Tammy to walk nude to the car, she looked around, while she was walking to the car, a few people saw her. They stopped, but didn't approach her. It was a relief, when she entered the relative safety of the vehicle.
"What is the letter for?" Asked Tammy as she was opening it and removing the document, she started to read the document horrified she cried. "Jamie, if I don't do the erotic modeling I will lose my scholarship."
He stopped the car and said. "Let me see that?" Jamie read the letter and it stated that Tammy had signed the scholarship document agreeing to be a figure model for the class as part of grant. "Tammy we will figure out a way you can keep your scholarship I promise." He took the distraught nude woman into his arms, rubbing her back, while kissing her, taking liberties running his hand over the side of her breasts.
After he calmed her down they proceeded to the Carter residence.
Jamie didn't put Tammy's clothes in the trunk; he put the garments in the back seat. They discussed the day's activities as if both were dressed, with the exception that Jamie kept taking sideways glances at his nude friend and at stop lights talked to the young woman's Bobbies or pubic hair. They were close to Jamie's house, when he told Tammy to get dressed, as he didn't know what his mother's reaction would be, having Tammy nude as she entered their home. She knelt on the seat, with her backside to Jamie; he received another look at her pussy and anus. It was a beautiful sight and one he hopes he will be able to see many more times. Her erotic aroma was filling the car and was exciting Jamie. He loved the smell of her shampoo and pussy.
Tammy just finished dressing as they entered the Carter's driveway. Jamie ran around to the passenger's side of the car and opened the door for the young lady that he was becoming smitten with.
Tammy walked into the kitchen seeing Charlene she said. "I forgot my overnight bag. I will go get it and Jamie said he will bring me back to the dorm."
"Go put your swim suit on and go for a swim. Have supper with us there is enough and you can stay the night. Jamie can take you back to campus tomorrow. I will call you dorm monitor to let her know." Happy to see the young woman back Charlene called the Dorm Monitor.
"Come on up with me Jamie, I have some class work I am having trouble with, could you help me?" Said Tammy.
"Sure, I will be right up." Jamie handed his mother the letter the professor gave him before he went to Tammy's room.
"Jamie, Come into the room and close the door."
Shutting the door Jamie said. "What class work you need help with?"
"This" Tammy said as she started to strip off her clothes. "I need to become comfortable." She took off her top and slacks, folding the garments; she put them on the bed. "Enough, to model in erotic positions" she said as she removed her bra and panties. Getting up on the bed on her knees she spread her legs for Jamie, to show her pussy and anus to him. Her face was bright red a beautiful color to match her hair. "This is so humiliating, I don't know if I can do this for the class."
"You are absolutely beautiful Tammy, you should be proud of your femininity." Jamie said looking at her engorged pussy lips he could see the pink of her inner lips and moisture forming on her slit. She was excited by her complete exposure. He had an erection looking at her pleasure palace, but he didn't want to take advantage of her. Jamie really likes this lovely lady and she looks so innocent even though she is spread out showing her pussy. He doesn't want to take advantage of her. He wants her to come to him.
"You really think I am beautiful" said Tammy as she went over to Jamie, while she was nude, to give him a French kiss that almost caused him to cum in his pants. Grabbing his manhood through his pants she says, "Go put on your swim suit, we will take care of your hard problem tonight." She went to get her suit and dressed in front of him. "Fix your cock, your mother sees that tent in your pants; she will think we are going camping?" She giggled.
Adjusting his pecker, he walked out of Tammy's room walking on three legs, going to his room to put his suit on.
When he came out of his room, Tammy was waiting for him in her teeny weeny bikini. They walked hand in hand to the pool. Charlene was at the pool already in her bikini that was brief, but covered more than Tammy's suit. She just finished dinner preparations and now it is cooking, so it will be ready when Tom gets home.
They swam for an hour and then exited the pool to lounge around until Charlene Said. "I am going in to check on supper and set the table."
"We will help." Said Tammy grabbing Jamie's hand and they all went into the kitchen to prepare for the meal.
Tom came in the door just as the timer went off on the oven, indicating the meal was ready. He walked in the kitchen surprised to see two hot women in bikinis making the last minute preparations. "After a hard day's work, it is a welcome sight for sore eyes to see two sexy women in bikinis putting the meal on the table." Said Tom "Life is good."
"What about me? I helped also." Said Jamie.
"What can I say; you're with two lovely ladies that should be enough compensation without me praising your helping out for supper. His father laughed, putting his briefcase down and removing his suit jacket.
Smiling Jamie said "Guess you're right, Dad, being with two sexy women is better than all the praise you can give me for helping."
They sat down to supper each recounting their day. Jamie was looking at Tammy hoping she will make good on her promise for tonight. Tammy thankful for being invited to the Carter residence and that Jamie has taken a liking to her. Charlene was concerned about the letter Jamie gave her, not having time to read it yet. Tom hasn't been as happy as he is presently in a long time with Charlene coming out of her shell and being the hot wife she can be for her husband.
They all worked together to clean up the supper dishes. The women were pressing their bodies into the men while working. This made the unpleasant task of cleaning up much more enjoyable for all.
Tammy was the first to speak after everything was put away. "I have some homework to do, that I am having challenges with could you help me Jamie please? She said this with a twinkle in her eye that the older couple didn't see because she had her back to them.
"Sure, I don't know how much help I can give you, but I will try." Jamie had a shit eating grin on his face, which his father saw.
"My son's going to get laid tonight." Tom thought as he turned to his wife to see if she also noticed this fact.
The two young people walked up the stair hand in hand.
Charlene had other things on her mind, so missed the signs her son was showing, she said. "Jamie gave me a letter from Professor Beatty. I didn't have a chance to read it. Why don't we go into the Living room and go over it. Hopefully Jamie isn't failing in the Visual Arts class. I don't want him lose his scholarship?" She stated worried they will have to pick up the tab for their last son's education.