Sobha passed through the courtyard of the small government building at a quick pace, the bare soles of her feet warmed by the stones baking in the blazing Cordoban sun. Her straight, shoulder-length black hair floated slightly behind her in the breeze generated by her movement. She was tall, and her long strides made her small breasts bounce slightly as she made her way down the path. The desultory babble of water from the fountain in the middle of the open space practically begged any who heard it to rest through the hot middle of the day and, indeed, many were doing just that. The shaded arcades running the length of the courtyard on every side contained piles of pillows at regular intervals, each topped by entwined naked bodies, mostly sleeping through the siesta--though a few still moved rhythmically, though languidly; hard shafts sliding into welcoming openings, tongues questing for sensitive bits of flesh, quiet, urgent gasps echoing off the stone walls.
She shook her head, tried to ignore the heat building inside her, and whispered a prayer to Fatyan--the goddess of pure pleasure--"Not right now!"
A gentle moan followed her out of the courtyard and into the cooler hallway of the building. Her nipples immediately grew firm at the abrupt change in temperature and she felt the muscles of her breasts pull taut in response as well. None of this helped her keep her focus on her task as she felt a familiar warmth begin to grow between her legs. "Oh goddess," she sighed as she realized that she hadn't truly been fucked in any way since breakfast the day before.
She considered throwing herself down in the nearest alcove and satisfying herself with her own fingers or perhaps waking a nearby friend with a tongue or cock she could use, but instead she pushed on down the hall. Devout as she was, she whispered an apology to the gods and goddesses for foregoing her own pleasure for so long. She would give herself over to Fatyan after the papers in her hand were turned in, she swore to herself and to anyone in the hall that would listen.
A few more hallways and passages later she arrived at the office she was looking for, breathing heavily, sweat glistening on her naked body and running down through her trimmed pubic hair and between her thighs.
"Good afternoon, Sobha," said a somewhat bemused voice before her. She looked up to see Ishraq, the afternoon clerk, sitting behind the desk. His broad shoulders, muscular arms, chest, and stomach, and entirely engorged cock, caught Sobha by surprise. She stared at his throbbing, thick dick and let out what must have sounded like a soft moan as all of the blood in her body attempted to collect in her clitoris and nipples.
"Sobha?" he asked with a small smile. "Do you need to submit those papers?"
"Oh, yes! Thank you," she said, handing over her application for promotion to Advocat Second Rank. The role was a combination of missionary and spy and it was what Sobha was born to do.
Ishraq took the papers from her and placed them neatly in a pile with a few others. "You must have been working overtime on these. Have you had time for a good orgasm yet today?" he asked. "I haven't, you know, and I'm just about done here in the office." He tensed his groin muscles to make his dick jump a couple times and gave her a wink and a conspiratorial smile.
Her heart rate jumped at the prospect, and she thought about what she wanted to get done with the rest of her day. She also thought of the couple times she had fucked Ishraq recently and this one amazing thing he did with his tongue. She smiled, "Actually, yeah, that would be really nice." She trusted Ishraq fairly well, so she gave him very broad consent, "You can do whatever you like..."
"Same for me," he replied. "Come on, there's some nice places in the next room."
Sobha led the way through the door and found an empty spot on a low bench covered in soft fabric and plush pillows. She noticed her friend Amania look up from her own nap on another bench and smiled at her. Amania smiled back. Sobha sat down on the bench and went to reach for Ishraq's waist, intending to start by taking his gloriously large cock in her mouth. Instead she grabbed his head as he knelt to the floor in front of her and began running his hands along her legs.
"Sorry," he smiled.
"No, that's ok," she replied, settling her head back against the wall. "This works too."
Ishraq parted her legs, revealing her closely trimmed public hair and her already wet opening. He took one leg and began kissing the inside of her shapely thigh from the knee all the way up to where it joined her body. He settled her knee over his shoulder as she moaned, "Oh goddess." He lifted her other leg and slowly repeated the process, finally placing her other knee over his other shoulder.
"Enough teasing," she said, crossing her ankles behind his head and using them to pull his face into her pussy. His only response was to find her clit with the tip of his tongue and flick it quickly twice before slowly circling her bud.
"Yes, that's good," she said, opening her eyes that she hadn't realized she has closed to admire the erotic view of this man's head buried between her legs. She entwined her fingers in his curly black hair and pulled him further into her. She looked up to see Amania now reclining on a pillow, fully awake, watching their performance with one hand cupping a prodigous breast and tweaking the nipple and the other laid across her mound with a finger gently caressing her clitoris. She smiled back at Sobha and Sobha got even more horny, if such a thing were possible. She did like an audience, and she had more than once fantasized about asking Amania if she would like to slip away some time together.
Ishraq shifted his tongue and finally began probing her opening with as much of that muscle as he could fit into her and her eyes rolled back as she grunted. With her free hand she grabbed a clump of fabric and her breathing became deep and desperate. He alternated between grazing the tip of her clitoris and plunging his tongue into her sheathe until her hips started shivering.
Sobha felt the exquisite pressure of an orgasm starting to build from the bottom of her toes.
"Harder," she practically whispered, and Ishraq responded by grabbing her by the back of her hips and forcing his face further into her. He sped up the tempo of his efforts and her body began to buck and shake.
A wave crashed over Sobha and she let out a short yell and a groan. Her whole body convulsed and she squeezed her legs around Ishraq's neck. Her orgasm blew through her body, leaving pins and needles in its wake and a desperate desire for more.
She unwrapped her legs from around his head and almost bodily pulled him up onto the bench. Ishraq needed no further coaxing and he lay down among the pillows.
"By the way," Sobha said, smiling, "we have an audience." Amania was now fully engrossed in their little show. She had two of her fingers glistening wet and pushing urgently into her pussy as she watched them greedily. Sobha arranged herself so she could lick the precum off the tip of Ishraq's rock-hard cock and simultaneously lock eyes with Amania. She held her gaze as she traced her tongue around the tip of his rod and then slowly began to fill her mouth with his length.
He tasted heavenly and Sobha grabbed the base of his cock in one hand and cupped his balls with the other. Working her mouth and hand in tandem, she dove into the work of pleasuring Ishraq. His murmors of appreciation quickly evolved into wordless grunts.
"Goddess have mercy," he panted as she shifted her hand on his balls to put pressure on his perineum.
Ishraq suddenly sat up and shifted to lean against the wall. He pulled Sobha up by her arms and his dick pulled out of her mouth. She almost cried a little when it did, she was enjoying giving pleasure so much. She had a guess at what Israq had in mind, however, so she started to straddle him on the bench.
She was reaching down to grab his cock and guide it into her aching pussy when he shook his head and said, "No, turn around. I want you to look at her." He nodded over at Amania who had one hand massaging one of her own nipples and the other rolling her own clit between her fingers.
Sobha looked over her shoulder and grabbed Amania's gaze again. She nodded and smiled as she shifted her weight and turned her body so that she was kneeling over him but facing away. She didn't stop staring into Amania's eyes as Ishraq reached up from behind to cup her left breast with one hand and lower her onto his dick with the other.
She felt him enter her, fill her, join with her. He pushed deep within her, the tip of his hard cock thrusting up against that sensitive spot deep inside.
"Oh goddess, thank you for this gift," she moaned as Ishraq withdrew and then thrusted again. She fought the urge to close her eyes or let them roll back in her head and she kept her gaze locked on Amania's face and beautiful body. Ishraq found a rhythm; slow but insistent. Sobha's free tit began to bounce with her movements.
Ishraq's grunts began to get louder and his pace quickened. Sobha wanted one more thing before he spent himself inside of her. Still staring at Amania, she gestured for the other woman to come closer. Amania crawled the few steps over to the two of them without removing her fingers from their work on her clit. She arched an amused eyebrow at Sobha as if to say "Yes? What can I do for you?"
"Give me a hand with this, would you?" asked Sobha.
"Happy to help out," replied Amania before leaning over, her beautiful large breasts hanging before her, and buried her face in Sobha's wet pussy. She extended her tongue and let it run along Ishraq's long shaft as it plunged in and withdrew from Sobha. She inhaled the taste of both of them, intermingling on his cock. For a long moment Amania just stared intently at the scene before her, enjoying the way that Sobha's swollen labia gripped the hard dick as it withdrew before welcoming it back in on the next thrust.
A hand landed on the back of her head, pulling her face closer to the holy erotic display before her, "I need... you to do... more than... just watch..." panted Sobha, clearly approaching another orgasm. Amania smiled and leaned even further forward to take Sobha's beautiful bud into her mouth.
"Mothers and Fathers!" Sobha swore. Her head fell back and she closed her eyes. Behind her, Ishraq began to grunt and sped up his movements. A few moments later Sobha could feel herself approaching her climax.
"Cum inside me, please," she demanded and Ishraq was happy to oblige. He gave a final deep thrust and Sobha felt him empty himself inside her, gifting her his blessed cum. The sensation, coupled with the very skilled work of Amania's tongue, sent her over the edge into ecstacy. She rocked back and forth on his still-hard cock, whole body shaking, and yelling uncontrollably.
After a minute or two of collecting themselves, Sobha started to stand, letting Ishraq's beautiful cock slowly retreat from within her. It felt like being separated from the gods and goddesses themselves and she offered a small prayer, as she always did after sex, that she be allowed back into their ecstatic presense again soon.
Amania looked up at her with a somewhat plaintive look in her eye.
"Aren't you going to help me finish?"
"I'm sorry dear, I would but I'm already late for my time in the souk. Ishraq, can you help her?"
"Ahh, always the pious one," replied Ishraq, "Very well, I will make sure Amania is well taken care of. Gods and goddesses smile on you."
"Goddesses and gods smile on both of you too," she replied and turned to leave the room as Ishraq kneeled on the floor before Amania and began pleasuring her with his tongue.
----
Sobha exited from the building into the souk and the quiet cool of the offices was replaced by heat and noise. The world had awaken from the siesta while she was inside and the marketplace was the proof of it. Hawkers cried their wares from every side; food, spices, tools, and services of every kind were on offer. Sobha wound her way through the tents and tables, making her way toward the center of the mass of humanity.
Around seven in ten of the people in the market followed the gods and goddesses, as opposed to the old-style Arabic or Christian god, so there were plenty of naked bodies. Nudity was not a commandment of the gods and goddesses. After all, practicalities and the simple protection of life from the elements meant that clothing was still needed at times. Still, even then the preference was for sheer fabrics and cuts that presented the holy sexual organs, and their scientists were even working on fabrics that could provide complete warmth and armoring, while being completely transparent. It would be reasonable to say that going without clothes was *strongly encouraged*.
The outsiders looked nervous, as usual, never sure where to direct their eyes, whether to look away or give in and stare slack-jawed. As if their god would strike them down there in the street for catching a glimpse of a tit, phallus, or pussy. The fact that it didn't happen (and, in fact, that many of the same unblessed men and women shaking their heads here in the marketplace would happily visit the goddess' prostitutes later that very evening) proved to Sobha that those other religions were mere farces.
Rubbing against the naked bodies of her brothers and sisters in faith began to trigger her arousal again until finally she broke through into the center of the souk. A rectangular area bordered on all sides by open paths upon which masses of humanity teemed. The floor of the area was covered in fine rugs, and dotted with cushions, tables with fresh tea, and tents to keep off the sun. In the center of the area stood a shrine to Fatyan, the slut; the giver; the goddess of pure pleasure. The sculpture showed them in the supplicant pose--kneeling. They're face portrayed with eyes closed, mouth slightly open in expectant pleasure. This particular sculpture in marble portrayed them with ample breasts, caught mid-heave, as if gasping for breath. Their shaft was rigid, veins sculpted meticulously, with dangling scrotum and behind that, just visible, an inviting and almost warm-looking labia and engorged clitoris. She knew if she were to walk around behind it she would also find a lovingly sculpted anus. A sense of calm pleasure washed over Sobha as she sank to her knees before the altar and gave a small prayer.
After a moment or two of contemplation, Sobha arose and made her way over to a nearby table set out with an ewer full of cool water and towels. She dipped one of the towels in the water and proceeded to clean her body, wiping away the sweat and dust of the day, making herself clean and desirable. Once she was satisfied that she would not be embarrassing the goddess, she walked up to one side of the statue. Glancing to the right, she proceeded past two men, both already kneeling on the carpet. She didn't know them, but both had pleasingly large dicks, she noted. She took a place on the carpets next to them, facing out into the crowd of the souk. She lowered herself to her knees and assumed the supplicant position, just as the two men to her left were: head high, mouth slightly open, shoulders back and breasts fully presented, butt on her heels, hands resting gently on her thighs, knees apart, and her sex on display. She could see that the two men beside her both were wrapped in the heady physicality of giving themselves to Fatyan, dicks as hard as rocks and precum beading at their openings. She felt the same way as warmth flooded her folds in unrestrained desire.
Sobha looked out into the crowd as she waited and noted again the ratio of clothed to unclothed. The Shahwa religion was only just over a century old, founded by a group of four prophets, two women and two men, in the year 908AD (in the accounting of the Christian's calendar). In the intervening time, it had spread considerably, helped along by persuasive missionaries such as Sobha. The revolution that ensued fractured the Caliphate of Cordoba into a few smaller taifas, some Shahwa and some Islamic. The Catholics in the north also took advantage of the situation to claim territory in Iberia. Within around 50 years the warfare had subsided into border skirmishes and the Shahwa kingdom ruled over Cordoba, Sevilla, and Granada, where the religion was a majority. Shahwa believers also made up sizeable minorities in other areas across the peninsula, though their ability to go out naked and engage in the holy sexual rituals in public varied greatly. There seemed to be a fragile truce between the religions involved, as far as persecution of the others was concerned, though of course that did not mean that persuasion and conversion was off the table.
"Um... excuse me?" Sobha started as she realized that there was a figure standing before her.
"Yes, hello nasib," she said, before realizing that the woman nervously hovering at the edge of the carpet was fully dressed and therefore probably not Shahwa. "How can I help you?"
"I know what you're offering, here," the woman said, blushing furiously. She was perhaps a bit shorter than Sobha, around 20 years old, she guessed, and, though it was hard to tell with all the damned clothing that they wore, seemed to have a pleasingly curved body, with breasts perhaps the size of large apples.
Sobha reached up to cup one of her own tits, gently pinching her nipple while looking directly into the eyes of this new stranger. "Oh?" asked Sobha with a slightly wicked and slightly playful smile. "And would you like some of what I'm offering?"
"No!" the woman's expression flashed between curiosity, shame, and, just maybe, a tinge of lust. "I mean... sorry... no, thank you. I just wanted to talk to someone."
Something in the woman's tone and demeanor caught Sobha's notice, and she let go of her breast. "Of course. Would you like some tea? My name is Sobha."
"That would be nice, thank you. My name is Sara," the woman responded as Sobha stood and led her to one of the nearby tables under a tent. "I don't mean to be rude, but how can you walk around without clothing like that? Aren't you embarrassed?"
"Why should I be?" Sobha shrugged as she poured from the decorative teapot, "I am exactly as the gods and goddesses made me, and you can look around and see that I'm no different than every other woman in the souk. Sure, some may be skinnier, others curvier, but the basics are the same. What do I have to hide?"
"But then all the sex," Sara practically whispered the last word, "its so indecent, so shameless."
"You only view it that way because you were raised to. I was raised to see it as a miracle. Beautiful, holy. A manifestation of why the gods and goddesses gave us these wonderful bodies in the first place. There is no reason to be ashamed of this most natural thing, nor to conceal it only behind closed doors."
"Tell me," Sobha said, changing the subject and handing Sara a cup of tea, "You don't seem like you're from Cordoba. What brought you here?"
As Sobha sat down with her own cup Sara let out a sigh. After a few moments of silence she said, "I lived in a small village near Valencia. I was married at 14 to a much older man. My husband beat me. He said it was my own fault and that Allah demanded it. Islam doesn't permit this, but he was a powerful man in my village, and there was no one I could turn to. I took some of his money and ran as far away as I could. That was five weeks ago. I have learned," Sara let out another deep sigh, "Well, I have learned how much I do not know. And I have no more money left now."
Sobha reached out and placed her hand over Sara's, comforting her.
"I've been watching this place," Sara continued, gesturing around at the carpet covered square that they sat in. "I don't know why, but I have been drawn back here every day, sometimes many times a day, watching the... 'services' you all perform. I admit... I am curious."
She abruptly started to stand. "But... no! I can't! The things they force you to do, how can you put up with it?!"
"Wait!" Sobha stood up to hold on to Sara's hand, "Those are lies told by Christians and Muslims to spark fear and hatred of Shahwa." The lies revolved around unwitting victims (usually women, though often men as well) being forced to engage in a variety of sexual acts ranging from anal sex to being tied up and used for another's pleasure. They were all things that certainly happened regularly, but never without consent. "One of the fundamental tenets of Shahwa is that of consent. No nasib will do anything to another person without discussing it first and gaining permission. Seeing women unable to control what happened to their bodies and when was one of the primary motivations for the Four Prophets."
Sara's face relaxed slightly. "Really? Nobody has ever forced you to do anything?"
"Never. Anyone who did would either be exiled or imprisoned. I've only seen that happen twice in my life." Sobha gently led her to sit at the table again and took up a spot on a low pillow just next to her.
"But I still don't understand... To be so open to sex all the time, to celebrate it so much... How can that be right?"
Sobha leaned in toward Sara and asked, "Have you ever touched yourself?"
Sara could only give a small nod combined with a shrug as if admitting the fact and hiding in the shame at the same time.
"Its ok! Its better than ok, its good! Do you know what the clitoris is?"
This time Sara just shook her head, a quizzical look on her face.
Sobha shifted on her pillow so her sex was facing directly at Sara. Sara seemed to realize all over again that Sobha was completely naked, and a flush crept up from the neckline of her shirt. Sobha reached down and gently parted her outer lips and used her other hand to point to the glistening engorged center of her flower. "Here, this is the clitorous. Everyone's is a little bit different. Mine is usually a bit smaller, but I've been very... um... 'excited' all day long and I just had sex with some friends not long ago. It is the source of incredible joy and pleasure and is one of the holiest spots on the female human body." Sobha looked up to find Sara's face just inches from her own, peering intently at her spread sex. "Why would any god give us this beautiful feature and then *not* want us to celebrate it?"
Sara suddenly looked up and locked eyes with Sobha. Her mouth held just slightly open for a moment. "I... Um... Can I... I mean... May I kiss you? Is that even allowed? For two women, I mean?"
Sobha smiled gently, "Oh yes, it certainly is. Most Shahwa find that they're at least somewhat attracted to all genders and the gods and goddesses celebrate all combinations." Sobha ordered the part of her brain responsible for missionary work and lecturing to kindly shut up, "Oh, and yes, you absolutely may." She took Sara's cheeck in a hand, and guided her lips to meet her own. Sara tasted dry and dusty, but warm and yielding. Sobha's tongue reached out, questing, and was met by its twin, also searching. Sara's hand came up and rested on Sobha's upper arm, as she pressed her lips harder into Sobha's mouth.
Suddenly Sara pulled her hand away as if burned and broke off the kiss. "Oh, I'm so sorry. I just touched you without asking first!"
"That's a good instinct, but it's ok," Sobha replied with a hungry smile, "You have my permission to touch any piece of my body that you want."
Sara gave a hesitant smile in return, but the moment of the kiss had passed and Sara started looking around the square at the teeming mass of humanity, a small few of which had been looking at the two of them out of idle curiosity. Her self-consciousness rolled over her again. "So... do I have to just take off all my clothes right now?" she asked.
"Do you want to?" responded Sobha with a joking smile. "No, remember nobody is forced to do anything. The nudity is something that we do because we believe that it brings us closer to our bodies, which are gifts from the gods and goddesses, and because seeing each other naked reminds us of the joy and pleasure of sex, which is our holy communion. But it is not a commandment. We still dress when it is called for, such as during the coldest days of winter or when doing dangerous work, and no one is ever forced to disrobe. There are some, usually those who have come to the godesses and gods later in life, who never totally feel comfortable without their clothes. They are my siblings just as much as those two completely naked men over there." She gestured to the two others performing supplicant duties that evening, one of whom was at that moment stuffing a huge cock down his throat as far as it could go while also applying steady pressure to its perineum, all to the approving grunts and bucking hips of the cock's owner. Sobha felt a pang of jealousy. She found she truly liked Sara and of course helping potential siblings into the arms of Shahwa was her calling in life, but it was a truly large dick that the man was servicing.
"How do I convert? If I want to, I mean."
"There's no process. You just accept the godesses and gods into your heart and start living and loving in accordance with what they teach." Sobha made a decision. Her supplicant duties for the night could be over for now. "You mentioned that you were out of money... do you need somewhere to stay; something to eat?"
"I couldn't possibly. I will be fine, I'm sure."
"You have nothing to be ashamed of. Giving freely to our neighbors is second nature to us. Come, it is almost dinner time, share my family's table, and we will make up a place for you to sleep in an extra room. Tomorrow we can figure out what comes next." Sobha didn't say out loud her secret hope that perhaps an extra bed would not be needed at all.
"Well, if you're sure it wouldn't be an imposition... I would like to learn more about Shahwa from you." Sara paused for a moment, clearly deep in thought, until finally she muttered something to herself, pulled off her head scarf, and in one fluid motion lifted her shirt above her head and threw the whole bundle of fabric to the ground. Her shapely breasts swayed gently from the action, her brown Mediterranean skin was tinged by a rising flush as she realized what exactly she had just done. To her credit her face remained stoic and she visibly resisted the obvious desire to cover her beautiful tits with her arms. Sobha was entranced by her new friend's body, so much so that Sara had to give a small cough to bring her attention back.
Sobha gave a huge smile. "Well OK, then! Come on, follow me to my family's house." As they walked off the carpet and into the souk in the direction of her home, Sobha felt Sara tense up at the sudden closeness of other people to her half-naked body. Sobha reached out and took Sara's hand, saying, "It's ok, I'm right here," and leading her down the paths and alleyways and into the less crowded streets of Cordoba. The raw red and gold of the sunset painted the walls of the buildings around them and a small breeze came up, an advance guard of the cold of night, to caress their exposed nipples and send shivers of anticipation down their spines.