I'd been having fun with the neighbour to the rear of our property for a few months. Several times I'd walked from his house to mine, either naked or semi-naked, without thinking of the neighbours in the adjacent detached property.
They were seldom there, the fence to the garden high, so the only way I'd be seen was from the rear bedroom, which I knew Mr Patterson used as an office. Both he and his wife were regular church-going types, so I thought my aunt would have heard from him if he'd seen me naked.
Not that she or I would have cared what he had seen.
However, one day I found out he wasn't the quiet Christian I thought him to be.
Unlike many girls, I'm not a tanning sort of person. I'm proud of my pale complexion, look after my skin and spend little time in the sun besides running. I like the excitement of being naked or semi-naked outside, so I often sit in the shade on our patio in my bikini.
One weekday I was relaxing outdoors when I heard someone at the fence next door. Looking over my book, I saw Mr Patterson peering at me over the top of our wall. He was startled when he realised I had seen him and feebly waved a brush saying.
'Just treating the fence, sorry.'
If he'd had just been treating the fence, there would have been no need for the sorry. He was facing the wrong way too, so I knew he was spying on me. In answer, I merely waved and pretended to carry on reading.
Knowing he was spying gave me a little thrill, so feeling naughty, I decided to give him something to look at and took off my bikini top, liking the feel of the breeze on my exposed breasts as I lay back.
A few minutes later, I opened my eyes and caught Mr Patterson looking at me, open-mouthed and a little red in the face, especially when he noticed me smiling at him.
He started to mumble an apology, but I cut him off.
'I don't mind you were looking. You can come round for a closer look if you like.'
'But my wife...' he started, and I cut him off again.
'Isn't invited,' then added cheekily, 'unless she'd like to look to.'
He disappeared from view, and I thought I'd frightened him off as it was a good five minutes before I saw our garden gate open and Mr Patterson's face appear. I waved to encourage him, and he looked around before slowly walking up the garden to where I sat on the lounger.
He was an older man late 50s with thick silver hair, nicely cut in a modern style. He was slim, and I knew he kept fit as I'd seen him in the gym several times a week with a personal trainer.
One thing I'd not noticed before was the shape of the impressive bulge running down his left trouser leg. Although there'd not been a situation where I'd been semi-naked in front of him before.
His eyes never left my breasts, and I asked, 'do you like them?'
He nodded yes, then added, 'but should you be out here like this, I mean I saw you, anyone could...'
Smiling, I stopped him there, 'it's kind of private here, but I like people seeing me.'
Then added, 'we are both adults, so would you like to have some fun...' I gestured to his bulge '...you are clearly turned on, and impressively so.'
His face was a little red, and he covered the bulge with his hand.
'Sorry, I couldn't help looking, Jenny, and I don't, you know, she doesn't, that's to say...' he sighed. 'She doesn't let me see her, but I'm married, so we can't... you know.
He was presumptuous in thinking I wanted to 'you know' with him, but I shrugged.
Besides, I was intrigued by the bulge in his trousers, curious to see how large a thing Jenny was not bothering with.
My neighbour, his cousin and the geeks had all been 'average' lads. My library friend was a little larger, but I'd never seen a huge penis before, not that it was something I'd bothered about, but I was curious to see his.
Thinking fast, I said.
'I don't want to have full sex either. But there are other ways to have fun.'
Nodding at his bulge, I added. 'You've seen me. Can I at least see you?'
I could tell he was desperately trying to reason this out in his head, taking a chance, I reached out and touched my fingertips to him, saying, 'I won't tell if you don't.'
He jumped back, but instead of bolting like I'd expected him to, he half pulled down his zip, saying, 'Jenny can never find out.'
I smiled, 'promise,' I said.
Without another word, he opened his trousers, letting them fall to his feet, and I was amazed to see the head of his cock protruding from the leg of his boxers, drooling a little damp trail on his inner thigh.
Standing, I placed a towel on the ground and simply said, 'take off your t-shirt and lie down.'
Surprisingly he did as I asked, and I moved to kneel, straddling him.
Again he said, 'we can't have sex.' But by his tone, I wasn't sure if it was more of a question than a statement.
'There are other things we can do, ever had a camel toe slide.'
He shook his head, 'Jenny and I don't... aren't... we're not adventurous.' He finished.
Taking hold of his boxers, I eased them to just under his balls, his cock brushing my hand as it stood to full attention easing free of the confining cotton.
I looked at it for a few minutes, it was thick and so long it protruded up past his belly button, and I thought he might have been a stripper or a porn star in another life.
Reaching down, I circled my fingers around him, rubbing up and down the stiff shaft a couple of times before stroking the tip of his cock between my legs over my bikini.
'I can't.. 'he started to say, but I interpreted with a whisper saying, 'don't worry, I'm not taking these off. It's just mutual masturbation.'
'I'm wet from seeing and teasing you with my boobs, and I just wanted to feel it against me.'
He didn't say anything else, just moaned quietly as I gently lowered myself onto his shaft, not moving, enjoying the feeling of it pressing to me for a little while. He carefully touched my breasts, gently kneading them when I didn't protest, rubbing my sensitive nipples ever so slowly as I started to move my hips, rocking back and forth, his fingers circling them, pinching.
I guessed his mind wasn't on Jenny anymore.
I reach between my legs and apply a finger to my clit, secretly stroking it over my bikini's thin, silky material, needing to cum. I could feel his thick shaft pulsing against me, my pussy pressed hard to his cock as I slid up and down his length, its head protruding from between my legs, dribbling clear liquid.
Getting close, I picked up the rhythm and, with a few quick hip movements, cried out as orgasm made my legs tremble, taking my breath, his cock still pressed to my bikini-covered lips as I soaked the material with my excitement.
He gasped as I eased back, kneeling up, taking hold of his cock, pressing the head to my pussy, savouring the feeling of it against me as I rubbed my hand up and down the shaft.
He began to twitch, so I let go of him, his cock slapping against his belly as I mounted him again, this time further up, resting my hands on his chest as I ground my hips, crushing my pussy against the head of his cock. Again dragging myself back and forth, teasing the angry-looking purple end. Not as frantic as before, gradually picking up the pace until another orgasm shuddered through me.
But this time, I didn't stop but continued to stroke up and down on him faster and faster until he started to cum with a loud gasp of 'oh dear.'
As I ground down on the pulsing head, the first spurts splashed on my bikini-clad pussy and my inner thighs.
He pushed against my hips, and I moved down on his shaft, the lips of my pussy rubbing against him where the sopping bikini had ridden up, exposing a little of my flesh.
The tip of his cock pulsed and twitched as I slid back and forth on his shaft, marvelling at the amount of cum pumping over his belly. I lay forwards, feeling it hit my breasts as they brushed against him.
As the spurts stopped and his cock became semi-hard, I got off him.
My bikini bottoms were soaking and had ridden up into me, exposing a little of my pussy, obviously an extra treat for him as he stared between my legs as my neighbour got his breath.
'So how was the not sex' I said with a smile.
'It was better than I thought anything could be.' Mr Patterson said, and I felt a pang of sorrow that he and his wife weren't enjoying a healthy sex life.
'Better than watching me over the fence?' I added with a laugh.
'Certainly', he said, the 'sorry I was spying on you.'
I stopped him, 'I like being spied on, I like being seen,' I ran a finger over the damp on my breasts, 'and I like being cum on.'
'I've seen you.' He said a little sheepishly.
'Coming from over there,' he pointed to the neighbours. 'with nothing on.'
'Did you masturbate?' I said straight out.
He paused, then said, 'yes.'
'Well, perhaps we can masturbate together again, sometimes.' I said with a cheeky grin as I turned to go into the house for a shower.
Adjusting his clothes, he left to go home and finish his fence, glancing up at my window as I peeled off my bikini, giving him a little wave and a quick look at my naked body.
It seemed I had now had two neighbours who enjoyed my exhibitionist tendencies.