All characters are over the age of 18. First chapter is a little light on with the sex scenes, this will be more about getting to know all of the characters. A lot more to come...
Sunday Morning
***
"Yeeeeeeewwww! Let's go baby!" yelled the driver of an SVU. The driver was an eighteen year old 'ale with dark brown hair, named Ed.
He let the music blast from the speakers as he and his friend in the passenger seat made their way down the coast.
The boy seated next to him was a lot more quiet than his friend who drove the vehicle. David fixed up his glasses as he smiled politely, taking in the scenery of the long road trip.
David, Ed and their high school friends had just graduated and were all about to embark on the next stages of their lives. Before they took part in that journey, they decided to enjoy themselves over summer by staying at a friend's lake house for a full week.
The house was owned by no other than Derek Walker. Well known for just how rich his parents were. Unfortunately for Derek, he was a bit of a trouble maker. Not the typical jock, Derek managed to blow up most of his relationships with teammates on the school's football team after he slept with the captain's girlfriend.
With his pride and ego taking a hit, Bryce's choices of people to invite to his parents private lake house was limited. Anyone on the football team was now out of the question, forcing him to make some difficult decisions.
Ed was a no-brainer of course. Smart, funny, good looking guy that got along with everyone, especially the ladies, one of the reasons why he had scored an absolute ten out of ten stunner from a different school.
David however wasn't quite as popular, a more reserved guy who had little to no experience with the female gender. He was only really invited because he was friends with Ed. Inside, he was a sweet caring boy that was afraid of what was out there.what he lacked in social skills, he made up in wits. He had more than a few jocks come up to him in between classes to try and get some answers for quizzes and tests at school.
The two friends were currently on their way to the lake house. With everything packed in the back of the car, Ed was speeding down the highway. All he could think about was arriving and getting stuck into a drink or ten. David was a little more anxious as he sat besides him, wondering what this week had in store for them.
"So do you know who else was invited for this week?" David asked Ed as he drove.
Ed lifted up his sunglasses, "Well as far as I know, the only other guys besides us is Michael and fucking Wally."
There was a reason why Ed shook his head as he mentioned Wally's name. The guy was a class clown but an extremely annoying one. Yeah he may have been funny at times but he was also the most talkative and desperate person you could meet. Wally was never officially invited, he overheard Derek speaking about the week and then begged him to come, day after day until he finally gave up and allowed for his presence. He would be driving up with Michael, the fiery Italian who drew the short straw.
"And the girls?" asked David, curious to see what sort of eye-candy would be there.
"Jess will be there for sure, big tits Sarah, Tamika, that lesbian chick Dani and uhhh what's her name, starts with an A, ummm..."
***
"Abbey!"
"Hey girls! Sorry I'm running so late!" the blonde hair girl replied.
"You're coming with me and Jess," said a bustier blonde girl going by the name of Sarah, "Just put your stuff in the back of the car and we'll get going."
The five girls, Sarah, Abbey, Jess, Tamika and Dani were all about to hit the road, making their way to Derek's lake house. They had all been invited, mainly for their looks. Not that they didn't have a good personality, but not a single one of them that didn't attract attention from all the guys at school.
"You as excited as us hun?" Jess asked Abbey as they she took the passenger seat of Sarah's sedan.
Jess was without a doubt, one of the most popular girls from school. She was the most out-going, most social and maybe the most sluttiest. She loved to parade around in short flowing skirts, letting all the non-popular boys get a glimpse of what they were missing out on. As for the more popular guys, well... Jess had slept with quite a lot of them. More than you could count on your fingers.
Her brown hair was done up in a nice bun, her expensive make-up applied hours earlier. Unaware of what guys were going, Jess certainly and her hopes up. She was coming for a week of dick.
As the leader of the group, she invited four girls of her choice. All she was told by Derek was to bring as many fellow hot cheerleaders as she could. It's exactly what she managed to do.
"Yeah definitely, was looking at the pictures of the lake the other day and it looks fantastic," Abbey said from the backseat, checking how she looked in the camera of her phone
Abbey was the quieter girl of the group.
Naturally flirty, she wasn't someone to voice out her opinions. She liked to stay neutral on things, keeping out of drama. Her sexual history was unknown to everyone, something she kept to herself. Although she loved to flirt, nobody knew who and how many people she had gotten with.
"Oh it's amazing Abbey," Sarah said, starting up the car, speaking about the lake. "This afternoon I'm putting my bikini on straight away and going for a dip."
"Yeah we know why that is..." Jess added, rolling her eyes from the passenger seat.
"What? What are you looking at me like that for?" she replied.
"You just want to show off your big titties in front of the boys," Jess teased her.
"Hey, that's not my fault! Can't control what I'm born with," Sarah replied, trying not to smirk.
Sarah's tits had always been one of the biggest talking points that would come up in the Boys Locker Room. Everyone would stare at them, their large round milky shape became the fantasy of many. There was once a time that she tried to modestly hide them but after she broke up with her first serious boyfriend, Sarah proudly showed them off in low cut tops and bikinis at any chance she had.
"You know I'm just messing with you," Jess added, laughing. "Prepare for more of it, this is the fun car out."
Over in the car was Tamika and Dani. Tamika a skinny brunette with one hell of an ass, was the vice captain of the Cheerleading team at their high school. As Jess took most of the credit and attention from the boys, Tamika worked the hardest to get their routines right.
Usually reserved, Tamika was ready to change that this week. She envisioned herself letting loose and being a bit more of a wildcard. Besides her in the car was Dani, who had died her hair blonde and was better known as the most attractive lesbian at the school.
"You don't mind if I take a nap, do you? I cannot deal with long road trip," Dani said, leaning against the car window, closing her eyelids.
"Ohh umm sure, if that's what you like," Tamika said, slightly annoyed that she would now have nobody to talk to for the entire drive.
Dani who was a part of the Cheerleading squad too, was probably the one girl that would be the odd-one out. Not just for the the fact that she didn't like cock but because all of her interests and personality traits were very different to the other four girls.
She reluctantly accepted the invite with nothing better to do this week.
And that was it. With all three cars on the road, Derek Walker sat by the lake, doing some fishing, waiting for the arrival of his high school companions.
What none of them realised at this stage was that this week would be one they would never forget...
***
Sunday Early Afternoon
"Holy shit," David mumbled.
They had just arrived at the Lake house and he couldn't believe just how expensive everything here looked. It couldn't be located any better, so close to the water, a jetty at the side of the late, jet skis and a boat ready to go. It was incredible, the size of his property was the sort of land that the boys could only dream of having.
As the SUV pulled up on the gravel just outside the house, the two high school graduates were greeted by a stocky well-built guy standing out the front. His blonde hair blew slightly in the wind, he grinned nicely as he heard the sound of the car doors opening up.
"Derek!" Ed called out as he shut the car door.
"Batesy! What's happening my man!" he replied, referring to Ed's last name. They hugged each other, Derek giving him a nice hard pat on the back as he did so.
Derek then turned to see the more quiet David approaching them. He politely smiled as Derek put out his hand offering him a handshake.
"It's David, isn't it?" he said as they shook hands, "Sorry, probably didn't look much outside of the cliques at High school."
It was true, before his dramatic exit from the football team, Derek had no time for anyone below him socially. It would be fair to say that he came off as a quite a bully, not someone that David expected to be spending a week with not long after graduation.
"It's cool, I get it," David said, forcing a smile.
As he said that, the sound of footsteps and the front door opening was heard by everyone.
Out came Michael and Wally. Michael, the short Italian born boy was a bit of an outcast in a different way. Outspoken, loud and opinionated, he hated sports but loved to drink. Behind him, Wally and his curly brown hair came out of the house, tripping slightly on the front step. He had the biggest smile on his face, shocked still that Derek actually gave in and said he could come.
"Hey guys! You gotta see this place, the front door is more expensive that my entire house," Wally said as they all said their hellos.
Michael was more concerned about the lack of girls at this stage. "So where are the chicks? You said there would be at least four or five of them?" he asked Derek impatiently.
"Yeah yeah yeah, they're coming, keep your pants on," he said, shushing him up. "Anyways, let's get you boys inside, got the replay of the Super Bowl on the big screen, just for you Ed."
They gathered their stuff up from the car and made their way inside. If outside of the house looked nice, then the inside looked indescribable. Everything made of the most expensive panels and designs of wood. Carved objects and expensive paintings surrounded the walls, this was a dream place to be living it.
"So what's the bedroom situation?" Ed asked as he took a seat on the leather couch in front of the TV.
Derek who was by the fridge, cracking open five beers, spoke loud enough that Ed could hear him from in front of the television. "Five bedrooms, Ten people, you do the math Ed."
David gulped hearing that, he figured they may get their own rooms to themselves. They were now going to be forced to partner up with someone. "Do we get to choose?" He asked straight away as Derek gave everyone a beer.
"Nahh, fuck that, we're going to do it old school, names out of a hat," Derek said, plonking himself down on the couch.
"So we could end up with a chick in our room??" Wally suddenly said, his ears perking up as he heard that.
They all looked at him with a bit of hesitation, he was a little creepy and if one of the girls got stuck with him, they may rather pack up their stuff and leave rather than sleep in the same room as him.
"Yeah... potentially," Derek said, already regretting the fact that he let him come here.
"Oh yeah baby! Wooooh! Major chance to score!" he cheered as he took a sip from his beer.
David from the side, just stayed quiet. He had never had any real action with a girl before. The thought of maybe sharing a room with one was something that both excited him and made him nervous.
Thinking about the girls, David wasn't the only one who was wondering how far away they were.
Beep. Beep.
Sarah honked the car horn as they parked their car out the front next to Ed's SUV. Just behind them was Tamika who had followed behind them, the entire way.
"Let's do this girls," Jess spoke as she undid her seat belt and got out of the car.
Once all five girls were ready, they made their way inside, Derek greeting them all at the door. They didn't all particularly love him but there was something just very smooth about him that got their attention.
As they got inside, they saw the rest of the guys. Jess in particular, stood there open mouthed as she looked at who was there. Instead of greeting them, the first thing she did was go straight up to Derek and ask what was going on.
"Two questions. One... Are you kidding me?
Two... Are you fucking kidding me?" she lightly spoke to him.
The short brunette came off as quite fierce and scary as she tried to work out what the deal was here.
"Oh relax will you, what's the issue?" Derek said, calming her down. He was more focused on the cleavage she was showing underneath her low cut white top.
"The issue?? We had a deal, I bring you cheerleaders and you invite guys that are actually hot..." she continued as the other girls reluctantly made their way in to greet the guys.
"Come on, they aren't that bad," Derek said, looking at the group of guys at the couches.
Jess inspected them once more, "Not that bad? Ed's cute but he's taken, then you've got a nerd, a short Italian and that fucking guy..." she said, looking horrified at Wally.
"Well maybe that just means you'll have more time to suck off me," Derek smirked, thinking this might actually pay off.
"Nah, at this stage, I'll take the nerd before you," she said, raising her eyebrows at him before moving towards the others.
After some slightly awkward greetings and a little chat here and there between the group, it was Wally who spoke up, trying to return the attention to the bed scenario.
"Sooo... if you ladies didn't know yet, we're pulling names out of a hat to decide who sleeps where..." he said, causing some unimpressed reactions. Sliding up closer to Sarah on the couch, he continued pushing his luck. "Wouldn't it be nice if we had to share a bed..."
"Ew. I'd rather spend the week licking out Dani than stay in the same bedroom as you for even a minute," she said, looking disgusted. The busty blonde girl gave him a light nudge, to push him back to where he originally sat.
Dani who was busy on her phone texting didn't even budge when her name was mentioned. Once again, wishing she wasn't here.
"Alright come on guys, let's be adults about this. It's just a bit of fun, we're here for a week, let's just enjoy it. You don't graduate High School twice," Ed said, trying to calm everyone down.
As the girls began expressing their opinions on the bedroom idea, David took another moment to sit back, keep quiet, stay out of the drama and check out the girls he could never imagined living with for a week.
Sarah was an obvious highlight, her bulging big breasts bounced lightly in a red bikini that was hidden underneath a white tank top. It was going to be tough not to be caught staring too much.
To her right was Tamika, she wore glasses just like him. At least for her, she didn't have to wear them all the time, she could see without them, they were just ideal for reading. She was dressed pretty casually in black denim short shorts and a dark blue t-shirt.
On the other side of the room was Abbey and Jess. The two girls sat together, wearing almost the same thing. Low cut white tops and dark yoga pants. The only difference right now was their facial reactions. Abbey seemed perfectly fine with who else was here while Jess looked like she was still calming down from the rage that took over as she saw her potential sexual victims.
And by herself was Dani, head in her phone, the blonde was more interested in whatever blog she was reading about rather than anything else going on here.
While he went back and fourth, checking out these girls, Derek had returned to the room with a LA Dodgers cap that had everyone's names inside. "Alright alright, let's do this."
One by one, the names came out and everyone ended up with a bedroom partner. The biggest reaction was by no other than Jess.
"Nope. No. I refuse."
The brunette stood in the middle of the room with her arms crossed underneath her tits, pushing them up higher. She stood in front of Derek who had just finished revealing all of the pairs for the bedrooms.
"Sorry Jess, that's how it played out, you think I want to sleep in the same room as Michael? Fuck no," Derek replied to her.
Jess was drawn out with Wally's name. Dani and Tamika got each other, Sarah and Ed, Michael and Derek and finally, David and Abbey.
Truthfully, Derek wouldn't have decided to do things this way if he didn't have backup plans up his sleeves. He had one other room, the master bedroom, that he had told everyone that it was locked and nobody could get inside because it was his parents room. But instead, he had the key for it and would be willing to use it to sneak a girl inside whenever he decided fit.
"Anyway guys, some rooms have two beds and some have just one queen or king sized bed inside so if you want a good room, now would be a good time to claim it," he said, looking mainly at Jess before he instantly ran for the stairs. "Come on Michael!! Up here!" he yelled as he ran upstairs, he knew he was going to get a room with two beds.
Instantly everyone began to run, including Jess who was desperate to get a room with two beds.
It was a mad scramble but quickly the rooms were sorted.
The first downstairs bedroom was occupied by Tamika and Dani. They were one of the last couples to get inside a room, mainly because Dani was the only person not to get off the couch and rush to a room.
"So what do you think? Fine to be sharing a bed together?" Tamika said, unpacking her stuff from her bag.
"Meh, guess so," Dani said, now laying on the bed, still on her phone.
Tamika looked visibly disappointed, she didn't want to be stuck with Dani again after she didn't bother to speak to her at all while in the car.
"You going to come out for a swim with me and the other girls?" she asked Dani, removing her top to reveal a black bikini top underneath.
As Tamika dropped her shorts as well to show off her entire body in that two piece bikini, Dani started to pay attention to her. Looking up over her at phone, she un-intentionally checked out her body, taking way too long of a look at her massive round booty.
"Soooo?" Tamika said again, breaking her concentration.
"Ohh umm yeah, yeah I think I will," she said, finally putting down her phone.
Tamika left the room, a sly smile on her face, Dani's distraction certainly hadn't gone unnoticed.
Next door to them was David and Abbey, also sharing a bed together. Similar to the situation next door, a little bit of perving was occurring. As Abbey started putting her clothes from her bag to the wardrobe, David fiddled with his own bag on the floor, sneaking peaks at Abbey's ass any chance he could.
That pair of dark yoga pants hugged her heart shape butt so nicely. David couldn't help but feel himself hardening inside his shorts. How lucky had he been to share a bedroom with such an unbelievably attractive woman. It may have made him nervous but not as much as it made him overly horny.
Feeling like she had a pair of eyes glued to her bum, Abbey did a quick head turn to see David looking right where she had expected.
Embarrassed he was caught, David turned red in the face and quickly looked away while trying to hide the boner he now possessed inside his pants.
"So umm the girls all want to go for a swim at the lake but I was thinking... maybe we should try and get to know each other a little better after that," Abbey told him. "You know, cause we're gonna be bunking together, thought it's be a good idea."
"Uhh yeah, sure, sounds good," David said, feeling quite happy inside due to the attention from an attractive female.
She smiled back at him before finishing with packing up her clothes. "Cool. But if you don't mind, I'm going to need a little privacy to change clothes."
Ever the gentleman, David obliged straight away, exiting the room to give her the privacy she was after.
For Ed and Sarah, they would be sleeping in seperate single beds in their shared bedroom. As the only person in the entire house that wasn't single, Ed could sense that his girlfriend back at home wouldn't be impressed that he would be sleeping in the same room as a girl, let alone a busty goddess like Sarah.
As they unpacked too, Sarah noticed Ed texting someone, presumably his girlfriend.
"Didn't want to plus one your girlfriend for the week?" Sarah asked as she checked herself out in the mirror.
"Nahh I kind of told her that it was just a group of guys hanging out here," he replied, finishing the text.
"Hmm bit of a liar liar pants on fire, are we?" she asked him cheekily.
He smirked back at the blonde, feeling no guilt about what he had told his partner. "Just a white lie, can't hurt," he said, now looking up at her from the bed.
"Oh we'll see about that..." Sarah replied, turning back to the mirror to play with her long blonde hair.
Across the hallway, a not so civil conversation was happening. The anger that was brewing in Jess as she entered the house was only getting stronger as she and Wally were now stuck with a bedroom that had just one queen sized bed.
"You can sleep on the couch, I swear to fucking god, you are not sleeping in my bed," Jess said, pointing at him as they stood in the middle of the bedroom.
Wally treated it as a joke, not what you wanted to do when being in the middle of a fight with someone like Jess. "You heard Derek, the rules are the rules. Oh and by the way, I didn't bring much sleepwear... hope you don't mind if I sleep in my birthday suit," he said, winking back at her.
The look of horror on Jess's face was enough to show her true feelings about that statement without having to use any words. She just put her hand out at him before grabbing some clothes from her bag and storming out of the room.
Jess made herself across the hall and straight into Sarah and Ed's bedroom, shutting the door behind her.
"My god, I need a drink," she said, sighing heavily as she put her bikini on top of the bed, next to where Ed was sitting.
"What's up buttercup?" Sarah asked, still more concerned about her hair.
"That fucking creep across the hall, I told him to sleep on the couch but he's refusing," she said as she threw off her white t-shirt revealing a black bra.
Ed's attention turned to Jess's body as she struggled to step out of her yoga pants. They slowly managed to pass her beautiful round behind. Noticing she was changing in front of Ed, Sarah made a little cough noise before she could take off her bra. "You don't mind giving Ed an eyeful?" she asked her.
Jess stopped for a second before shrugging, "Fine by me." As she said that, in one quick motion, Jess undid her bra strap from behind and let her bra fall off her shoulders and onto the floor below her.
Ed tried to control his building erection in his shorts as he sat in front of the topless brunette beauty. Her medium sized breasts were a nice rounded shape. Beautiful pink nipples in the perfect position looked as if they were almost hardening from the cool air conditioned room.
"Besides," she then said, dropping her matching black panties, "Just giving this beautiful boy a glimpse of what he's going to be missing this week."
Ed barely listened to her as he involuntarily licked his lips, eyeing off her bald pussy. Not a single hair could be seen above her right lips, instantly he began comparing it to his own girlfriend's vagina in his head.
Sarah couldn't help but laugh as she watched Ed's reaction to Jess's body as she started to slip on her dark blue two piece bikini. Deciding to join in on the teasing of the poor boy, Sarah asked Jess a question to her last comment, "Got a Hypothetical for you Jess. What would be happening right now in this room if our buddy here was single?"
Jess answered straight away while tying her bikini top on, "I'd be seeing what sort of equipment that pretty boy over there is packing inside those shorts." Once her bikini was completely on, Jess moved her head to look at Ed's crotch, "Certainly not small."
Sarah giggled with her, both very pleased with the outcome they had caused. As for Ed, it was the first time in a while that he was being tested while in a relationship.
***
Sunday Afternoon
As everyone hung out by the lake, David stayed inside the house, pacing around in the bathroom. He was a bit of a nervous wreck in social situations.
David didn't drink much, he didn't smoke, didn't go to many parties so being around some of the hottest girls from school, this was a really new experience for him. From the bathroom window, he could hear voices from outside, a bit of laughing, the splashing of water, friends having fun.
"Come on David, get yourself together," he said, slapping some water on his face.
He thought about it, there only seemed like there was one thing he could do. That was to drink and drink a lot. From the limited experience he had with alcohol, David knew he could get quite tipsy quickly. It loosened him up a little and that's what he needed today.
He made his way back to the kitchen and searched through an alcohol cabinet that he saw Derek looking at earlier.
David looked behind him to check if anyone was inside watching him. Once the coast was clear, he grabbed out what looked to be some sort of whiskey.
"Here goes nothing..." he said as he put the bottle to his mouth. David almost choked as he managed to get a few mouthfuls down.
Coughing, he put the bottle back into the cabinet.
Going for something a little less stronger, David took a bottle of bud light from the fridge. As he did so, the sliding door opened up and in walked Abbey. Towel around her waist, the brunette was still dripping water from the lake as she entered.
"Hey David, you coming out?" she said as she joined him by the fridge to get out a drink for herself.
"Yep. Uhh I'll be out there in a less than a minute," he said. David moved aside so Abbey could get her own drink out of the fridge. He looked at her breasts, covered in a lime green bikini. Abbey's nipples were slightly visible, clearly hard from the water she was just swimming in.
"Well, see you out there," she said as she walked back to the sliding door, "Oh and still waiting on that chat."
David smiled back as she closed the door, he looked down at his shorts again and realised he was once again hard. 'Really need to start controlling myself' he thought to himself.
Soon after, he found himself sitting outside by the lake water, David felt a little more comfortable after a few more beers had been polished off. Putting his sunglasses on, he was able to check out the beautiful view without as much of a fear of being caught. That view was the five lovely ladies all in two-piece bikinis, American teenage beauties.
As the sun began to set, David sat quietly with Abbey, the two getting to know each other a little better.
"So after college, I want to travel, particularly Europe," Abbey told him, "There's just so much to see, it's just the ultimate dream."
"That's how I feel as well," David said, "Not necessarily Europe but I'm thinking Africa."
"Wow, Africa??" Abbey asked surprised, "What has you interested about going there?"
"Just the different cultures. And obviously I want to see the animals, a safari would be really really cool," he openly explained.
Without realising it at the time, David was finally having a real one-on-one proper get to know you conversation with a super attractive girl. They continued talking about their interests and future ideas as the sun continued to disappear.
"Can I ask you something a little more personal?" Abbey said as they soon became the only two left outside.
"Shoot."
"Have you ever had any experience with a girl before?" she asked him straight up.
David immediately turned red in the cheeks, figuring out how to respond in a non-lame way. "Uhh yeah umm no, not really, no."
"That's cool, I was just curious, that's all."
David tried to get the attention off him by asking her straight away, "What about you?"
She looked around just to double check that they were alone, "Not as much as you would think. Most guys at school just assumed I had too many options so they don't bother to ask me out or anything," she explained.
It was hard for David to feel that sorry for her considering how high school was for him. At least everyone found her beautiful, he had never gotten the vibe that any girl was after him. To have just one beautiful girl interested in him would have been enough for his self confidence by the end of it.
"You've at least kissed a girl before, haven't you?" Abbey then asked.
David though for a moment, "I mean... yeah, remember Marie? The short dark haired girl with all the freckles," he said, describing her.
"Not really but I think I know who you mean," she replied. "How long ago was that?"
"Three years ago," he told her.
Abbey raised her eyebrows hearing that, "Three years ago?? Wow, nothing since then?" David just shook his head, no female contact since that night with Marie all those years ago.
"Well that's just too long," she said.
Leaning in straight away, Abbey stuck out her lips. Not being in this position for such a long time, David panicked, looking at the gorgeous half clothed girl in front of him, puckering her big lips as she closed her eyes.
Moving forward himself, their mouths connected. The soft feel of Abbey's lips against his felt incredible. He just held them there, letting Abbey initiate it and put in most of the work. The moment was made even better when she started to slide her tongue inside his mouth and their kiss turned more passionate.
They sat together, just kissing but for someone like David who hadn't had contact with a female in such a long time, it felt as good as if Abbey was sucking on his cock. Not to mention, that cock of his was hardening as they laid there, extremely stiff from the action of Abbey's tongue. He felt the urge to touch himself, shuffling slightly closer to her, hoping she would take the lead on that as well.
They were soon interrupted by the sound of a "ahem." Breaking the kiss, Abbey turned to see Derek not far behind them.
"We're serving dinner if you two love birds are interested?" Derek said, smirking at them both.
Abbey turned to face David again as Derek walked back inside. "Come on, I could sure eat."
David nodded, waiting for Abbey to get up first. "I'll be inside in just a second," he told her.
She knew exactly what that meant, David had a boner he was struggling to hide as of right now. Not wanting to embarrass him at all, she just politely smiled and moved inside.
***
Sunday Night
From the initial awkwardness of a quiet room when the girls walked into the house today, the vibe had changed quite a bit since. As they all sat around the massive dining room table, there was plenty of chatter between the group. The sound of knives and forks clinking on their plates was over roared by the sound of laughter and loud voices.
Even Jess who had been in a filthy mood earlier, was now enjoying herself. Her voice ending up being one of the loudest at the table, alongside Michael and Wally, both who had plenty to say.
"Yo what was with that creep on the other side of the lake today?" Michael said out loud at dinner.
"Who? Wally?" Ed joked.
The rest of the table laughed, even Wally smiled as he shook his head at Ed's banter.
"I saw him too," Sarah then spoke up, "He was out there for ages."
"Yeah I can think of two reasons why he would have been," Ed smirked, taking a quick glance at her cleavage.
Again there was a sound of laughter around the table, the idea of having a mystery creep that also lives near the lake wasn't appealing, especially for the girls. But for now it didn't seem to be a massive deal, the whole thing was quickly forgotten about as conversation continued at dinner.
As they finished up their food, Derek got up at the head of the table and raised his glass. "Alright you knuckleheads, listen up for a moment," he said out loud. "Just wanted to give a toast to a week away celebrating the end of fucking high school!"
Everyone clapped and cheered as he gave his little speech.
"Hang on, I'm not done yet," he spoke, "I also just wanted to say that I know I'm not the nicest guy in the world, I haven't exactly won too many friendships here but hey, maybe after this week, I'll have nine new best friends."
"Yeah Derek! Well said!" Ed spoke, giving him a clap. The others followed suite, clapping for the host before he continued speaking once more.
"Alright, enough of that now, who wants to play a drinking game?" he said, ending in more applause.
Nobody was going to say no to more drinks, the group finished clearing the table and got a few more drinks. After debate on what to play, they settled on some simple truth or dare. A basic game that everyone had played at one stage of their life or another. The extremes of the dares and personal truths however varied from individual to individual.
They all sat around the lounge room on couches and beanbags in a decent sized circle. The mood had really lifted, you could say that was partially due to the magic of alcohol. It seemed to work a charm on them all.
Ed was the last one to join the group in the lounge room, he plonked himself right next to none other than Sarah herself, squeezing in on the fancy couch.
Taking a chug of his drink, he looked around the room, "Well... who wants to start?" he asked.
"I'll go!" Jess announced straight away, perking up as she re positioned herself in the bright blue bean bag she sat on, "Truth or Dare Ed."
"Truth. Always start with a truth."
A smirk arose on Jess's face as she tilted her head, thinking of what she could ask the taken man, "Hmm... Okay I've got one for you! Since you really are a 'ladies man' as you say, can you really stay loyal to your girlfriend while you're around all these beautiful women?"
Ed gulped a little, only noticeable if you were paying close attention to him. "Of course I can stay loyal," he told her as confidently as he could, "I'm no cheat."
Jess gave him the sort of look as if she didn't believe a word he was telling her. A look that gave off the vibe that she was willing to test his faith as much as she could this weekend. She certainly wasn't the only one.
It was now Ed's turn, he looked around the room for who he could ask. Eyeing off David, he pointed out his best friend, "David... Truth or Date."
"Uhh Truth," he replied, too nervous to be the first to pick a dare.
"Well... a little birdy may have mentioned to me that you were getting a little close with Abbey outside, did you's actually hook up?"
A chorus of "Ooooh's" came from the group as they looked over at David.
It was a little embarrassing for David who didn't know how to handle nine pairs of eyes on him, waiting for his response. That including Abbey, the one person this was all about. He stuttered at first, trying to work out what to say.
"Ummm uhh..."
Abbey jumped in to save him, "We just kissed, you can all calm down a little."
He was very much appreciative of the blonde having his back in a personally tense social situation. The attention had quickly switched to Abbey now.
"Okay Abs, whats the go? Bit of foreplay before sharing a room together tonight?" Sarah said, mocking her cheerleading friend.
"Isn't it one question and move on?" she cut back.
"Alright, Alright, fair call Abbey, let's keep this game moving guys," Derek insisted.
The group kept going as they polished down more of the alcohol in front of them. Everyone was playing it quite safe at first, wanting to stick with truths. Eventually it started to turn when Derek changed the rules so there was no other option than just to say yes.
"Jess, you ready?"
"Yeah babe!" she spoke, taking a decent sip of her vodka mixed drink.
"Okay Jess, Give Wally a kiss over there or take your top off," he said.
She just shook her head while Wally's interest quickly perked up. He sat up in his chair, hopeful that Jess would come on over and plant one on his lips. If she didn't, at least he would get to see the sexy high school slut in her bra.
"So what is it Jess? What do you pick?" Derek asked again.
"Unfair, you just knew I was going to take the second option," Jess said, standing up and grabbing the bottom of her top.
Of course she had no intention of having any physical contact with someone like Wally. It also wasn't like she was showing a whole lot anyway, no nudity, just her bra on display.
In one clean sweep, off went Jess's t-shirt. She threw it off, straight into the direction of Derek himself. The guys all took in the sight of her lacy black bra that she had changed back into after going for a swim.
Her nice firm tits sat up inside the bra, giving them all a nice view of her cleavage.
"Calm down boys, it's just a bra..." she said, shimmering her shoulders before sitting back down.
The guys all tried to control themselves, not getting too horny looking at the now less clothed female in the room. There was still a game to be played and if things kept going on in this direction, they'd be seeing more than just one girl in a bra.
"So that means I'm up now," Jess said, ready for her shot again.
"Sure is babe," Tamika said.
Jess looked around, working out who her next target would be now that it would be only dates.
The girl only had her eyes on one person, Ed. She had picked him earlier, trying to tease him about his girlfriend but as the most attractive male in the room, she wanted to push this as far as she could.
"Ed. Let's test out that loyalty, pick one girls in the room to have a nice pash with."
"With tongue or can it just be closed mouth kisses?" he asked.
"Oh with tongue honey, lots of tongue."
Ed looked a little perplexed, it wasn't the same as sleeping with another female but it sure didn't seem fair on his partner at home. "What if I say no?"
"Then you're out bro!" Michael butted in.
The group all nodded, agreeing with what Michael said, "Sorry Ed, that's kind of the rules, you'd have to leave the room," Tamika added.
Taking one look back at the smirking Jess, Ed had no intention of backing out. The boy had plenty of confidence and big enough balls not to stand down from a challenge, even if this was something that his girlfriend would be unhappy with.
"It's just a kiss," he said, getting out of his seat, "Just one of you huh?"
Jess nodded, expecting the handsome boy to come straight in the direction of her, especially after he got a nice look at her incredible nude form earlier this afternoon.
Instead, Ed had other ideas, "Well let's pick the one girl that Annie would be least pissed off about."
Without warning, Ed walked right over to Dani who was barely paying attention to the whole game. Standing up, he lifted her chin up so they were facing each other. Dani didn't have a choice of turning her head away, whether she wanted to or not.
He leaned it and let his lips touch hers. They connected and locked before Dani was willing to open her mouth and let the attractive boy in front of her start to use his tongue inside. Ed picked Dani as the one girl he could get away with kissing with the excuse that she's not into guys, only girls. It didn't have to be a solid reason but whatever helped him sleep at night.
Everyone watched on closely as they made out passionately in front of everyone. Dani even looked as if she was enjoying it, possibly pretending that it was a girl she was making out with. Either way, they kept going for a solid minute.
"Okay, think we get it, you pass," Michael said, wanting to game to keep on moving so he could have an opportunity like that with someone.
Finally, he let go of the side of her face and pulled away his lips. The two looked at each other a second longer before Ed retreated back to his spot on the couch.
It was all silent as he sat back down next to Sarah.
"Okay so that was pretty hot, where's my dare now?!" Tamika said, breaking the tension of the room.
"Your pick Ed," Abbey said.
"Okay Tamika," Ed spoke, "If you want a dare so bad, you can have it!"
She clapped her hands, now quite excited to get involved. The brunette beauty with the best IQ in the entire room wanted a trip like this one to let loose. This was the first chance of the week to really do so, Tamika had no boundaries.
"What have you got for me?" she asked, looking right at Ed after fixing her hipster glasses that she wore.
Ed quickly thought of something, "I want you to go over there and give my buddy David a nice lap dance."
David looked a little speechless at first, he had only just kissed Abbey a couple of hours ago and now he'll be really getting some real physical contact from a female, this time in the form of a lap dance.
For Ed, he very much would have liked to have the brunette's lovely big butt rubbing against his own lap but playing it safe, he did the next best thing. "And I want you to strip while you do it, a full minute Tamika."
Tamika stood up immediately and with a spring in her step, she wondered over to David, taking his hand and pulling him up from the couch, "Come take a seat over here," she told him, directing the nerdy inexperienced boy to a chair all by itself in the very same room.
"Can we at least get some music or something? Bit awkward to shake my hips to nothing?" she said, standing above David.
Sarah got up instantly, running to the kitchen to find the speaker they were using outside by the lake earlier this afternoon. The tension in the room could be felt by some more than others. It was very intimidating for the nerdy boy who sat there while one of the most popular cheerleaders stood above him. In less than a minute, she'd also be less clothed.
"You better shake that booty of yours baby!" Sarah encouraged as she came back to the lounge room while connecting her phone to the speaker.
The music soon turned on, echoing loudly from the speaker was the famous 'You can leave your hat on' song, used in the Full Monty film. The room erupted in cheers and whistles as Tamika got straight into it, slowing moving her body sexually in a dancing way in front of David.
She had a shower after the lake this afternoon so her long brown hair was still slightly wet. She had changed clothing since, wearing some loose black athletic type shorts and a plain top.
Tamika facing her back to David, put her hands on her knees, sticking her ass back out at David. Her bubble butt remained so close to his crotch, as she started to wiggle it, it began to grind against his lap. He eyed off her body, up and down, staring at the back of her legs, her thick thighs under those small shorts.
Only lightly but the feel of her butt rubbing up against his hard cock was a feeling David had never experienced before. Tamika looked over her shoulder to see his reaction. She thought it was cute the way his mouth was wide open like he had never been touched by a girl before.
"Come on, strip!!" Michael interrupted from his sofa seat, getting impatient.
"You're twenty seconds in, T," Abbey added, warning her she only had another forty seconds of music to go.
She didn't say anything but the message was clear. Tamika turned back around and surprised David by crawling up onto him. She kneeled on top of the chair, his legs in between hers.
Tamika grabbed the bottom of her top, slowly pulling it up her body, revealing more and more of her lightly tanned body. A cute tiny belly button appeared first, it was pierced, a hint of a toned stomach and then finally a bit of blue, indicating the bra she had on underneath.
David watched closely, his heart beat thumping, the music wasn't even in his mind at this moment. The eighteen year old virgin felt as if he was glued to his seat as this insanely attractive cheerleader removed her top. More and more of her bra appeared before the top was thrown aside, just like Jess's had been..
Putting her hands on top of David's shoulders, Tamika pushed her body in, her breasts up towards his face, once again grinding and moving her hips from side to side.
Tamika had smallish sized breasts, the bra was tightly trapping them, maybe a b cup size. They were pushed tightly together though. Tamika knew was she was doing when she squished them together with the help of her arms, right in front of David's face.
The milky white coloured cleavage... David's cock throbbed and ached.
The brunette then pulled back, dancing around with a little more passion, whipping her hair around.
"25 seconds left T," Abbey updated her.
"Get that ass out!!" Derek chanted, clapping the show in front of them.
It was no secret that she had one of the best behind's going around. Another talking point of the boys locker rooms at high school.
Tamika threw her head back, letting that long brown hair hang in the air. She then looked over her shoulder to smirk at her voyeurs. The brunette straddling the nerd, eventually removed her weight from his lap, seductively hopping off the chair.
As the music blasted, Tamika strolled around the chair, like a lion circling their prey. David shivered as she used just a few of her fingernails to lightly scrape against a bit of his bare skin she could reach on her way round to chair. There was no way he was going to lose his hard-on any time soon.
There wasn't long left and she knew it. Tamika stopped back in front of him, dancing with her hips. She got back into her earlier position, leaning forward, back towards the chair. This time however, her hands were inside the sides of her shorts. She shook her ass with pure excitement while slowly dropping those shorts.
David held his breath as she revealed more of that ass, jiggling it already. Underneath, she wore nothing but a small blue thong.
"Ughh..." he accidentally let out, too excited by the show.
"10 seconds!"
Tamika let the shorts drop to the ground completely before backing up and dropping her almost completely naked butt on his lap. She let it grind and twist all over his crotch, Tamika knew where that cock was too, she could feel the hardness in between her ass cheeks.
Knowing there was another four boys in the room, dying to see that ass in better view too, Tamika spun around giving them a great view of those ass cheeks not being covered well by the small dark blue thong. She put her hands on David's knees and bent her ass out to the crowd, giving them a vicious shake of her bum.
"Oh fuck..." Wally whispered from the other side of the room, staring at Tamika's bright white ass cheeks.
Those cheeks clapped against each other as she did her dance.
"That's time!" Abbey said, seeing the timer on her phone reach 60 seconds. The boys all let out a groan, wanting more for the brunette cheerleader.
Tamika looked into David's eyes as the music ended, she gave him a quick wink before sneaking off back to the couch. "Oh my god," she said giggling, covering her breasts even with that bra on.
She was so in the zone there for those sixty seconds. It had only really hit her that she was half naked in her underwear in a room full of mostly covered high school friends.
It didn't matter too much to her though, especially knowing the impact she had just made on the rest of the group.
"That was so fucking hot," Michael said.
"Derek, thank you for inviting me here," Wally said as if he was gloating.
Derek looked back at Wally with a bit of a shake of the head, "Yeah you're the first person I thought of..." he said sarcastically.
On the other hand, David was speechless, his cock was ready to explode inside his shorts. If someone even touched it slightly he knew he would cum right there and then. He looked across at Ed and gave him a little head nod, as if to say thank you for the gift.
Ed just smiled subtly, seemingly deep in thought.
"Okay, my turn to pick someone!" Tamika announced, wanting to get the attention away from herself for a bit.
"Michael."
The greasy Italian's eyes widen, the thought of Tamika's round bubble butt still in his mind. It was a shame that it wasn't in view right now, every guy would love to be that couch cushion she was currently sitting on right now.
"Time for you to prove just how hairy that Italian body really is," she said with a bit of a giggle, "Strip to your birthday suit!"
"Oh come on, are you serious!? Ed's dare was to hook up with a girl of his choice, I have to strip naked??"
The girls all nodded in unison.
"Ahhh fucking damnit," he said, quickly standing up to strip his clothes. He had only gotten half-way through taking his hoodie off before the girls were all telling him to slow down.
"Woah, woah, woah," they said together.
"What now?" he asked, feeling pestered.
"Slowly Michael, tease us a little bit honey," Sarah said, wanting more of a show rather than the performance he was giving at the minute.
The girls all nodded, even Dani who had woken up in the last two rounds due to the kiss and Tamika's lap dance strip show. For Michael, this wasn't ideal, he rolled his eyes back before pretending to make the removal of his clothes a little more sexual so to say.
As he removed both his hoodie and t-shirt slowly, the group could all see his extremely hairy chest. Dark hair everywhere covering his tanned skin.
The whole dare wasn't made easier by the guys all snickering away at him. He slowly dropped his shorts to reveal that he had on a pair of tight white briefs. The girls all looked on closely, Michael was doing his best to forget about the other guys in the room, trying to direct his stripping show to the ladies of the room.
"Drop them honey," Abbey said, finishing another glass of wine, now feeling quite tipsy herself.
There was no more time to waste, Michael dropped his briefs to the ground. His cock sprung out and the girls mouths dropped.
"Holy..."
"Fuck!" Jess finished off Abbey's words for her.
Michael had just revealed to everyone that he had a massive sized dick. It wasn't hard, it just hung down in such good size. Even the guys looked a little surprise, they tried not to stare too much as he stood naked in the room.
Wally gave a look of annoyance, knowing that's one guy that's definitely above him on the girls pecking order.
They all noticed how hairy he was down there, that was the kind of bush that didn't get a regular trimming.
"You've been hiding that for a long time, haven't ya?" Jess said, now suddenly interested in Michael for the first time. With his short height and hairy body, Jess had never been impressed by anything that Michael had to offer, that may have just changed now. If he cleaned himself up down there, he had a chance.
"Yeah what the fuck bro," Derek even added, "Maybe you can sit somewhere else on the couch though, not near me thanks."
Abbey hadn't stopped staring at it, even as Michael went to sit back down, this time moving next to Dani.
"Can we keep this going or what?" Wally then piped up, "I want to see some titties already!"
The girls all groaned, Sarah almost spitting up her wine back into her glass. Jess just looked back at Derek again, death staring him, almost pleading for him to kick the oddball out of the lake house.
Michael looked around the room, deciding who to pick and what to ask them.
In his mind, he was desperate to get something else as unclothed as he was. There was a sense of anxiety that most people had if they were in the position that he was. Naked in a roomful of high school friends who are all either clothed or have at least their underwear on. He just had to get one of the girls to be as naked as him.
"Alright Sarah, you've gone a little under the radar tonight," he said, picking his target, "I dare you to strip off a piece of clothing for every guy you've ever had sex with."
The group turned all their attention to the big titted blonde who looked like she was doing all of the calculations in her head. Derek had started to clap instantly, he knew she'd be in trouble here with the amount of guys he knew had hooked up with her.
"Why didn't you pick Jess? She's only got three pieces of clothing left on and she's had more than three sexual partners in the last month let alone all up," Sarah said, standing up, preparing her fate.
"We all know you've gotten around too," Ed chimed in. Sarah gave him a sly smile, one that was almost like sending a warning to him to watch what he says next.
The blonde had positioned herself in front of the group, still thinking about all the names of boys she had fucked over her high school years.
"I think I'm ready," she spoke.
"Well spill the tea babe, let's hear them," Jess said, interested in exactly who she had rooted before.
Sarah put her right foot up, grabbing the white sock she had on, taking it off, "Well there's Sammy of course, he was my first and everyone knows that."
The blonde threw away her sock to the side where Tamika's clothes laid from earlier this evening.
"Wait, seriously? Since when are we counting socks?" Wally interjected.
Taking off another sock, Sarah launched it across the room at him, "Keep quiet you weirdo," Sarah told him. She wouldn't have thrown the sock at him if she knew that Wally would feel a little turned on just by the smell of her feet that remained with the small piece of clothing. He held as she continued to run off male names.
"That one's for Charlie, nice guy but wouldn't go back there again."
Sarah then grabbed the bottom of her oversized grey hoodie, peeling it over the top, revealing a white singlet that gave everyone a view of her fantastic cleavage.
"John Kent," she said, tossing the jumper, Jess's instantly started to giggle as she said that name, knowing she had done him too.
"He's good huh?" Jess asked her, "What a hot bod."
"Mhmm, talk about a guy that can really please a girl," Sarah replied.
Sitting in the room of these two cheerleaders sharing notes of guys they had banged, David was continuing to struggle to hold himself from cumming in his own pants. The conversation was a hot one.
Sarah then put her hands to the waist, deliberately wasting a little time. "Let's see... well... there's Mike," she then said, starting to drop her track pants down her legs.
"Mike Holway?" Tamika asked.
"Or Mike Tikopsi?" Jess said.
Sarah shook her head to both while stepping out of her pants.
The girls all looked at each other, trying to figure out which Mike this was. It wasn't until Derek put his hand up, "Oh I know which Mike you're talking about. Good ol' Mike Sanchez."
Jess almost choked on her wine, "Oh hell yeah sis, you've done him too?!"
Mike Sanchez was one of the most popular players on the high school football team. Someone that was very picky with what girls he'd let near his own dick. Both Sarah and Jess had done him before but neither had ever discussed that with one another.
Sarah just giggled, "Yep."
Most of the boys had barely heard what they were saying once Sarah's pants were off. She had on a pair of white low-cut panties on. Her busty body was a real highlight. Those ass cheeks begged to be clapped, just like Tamika's.
She was now standing in just a white singlet and those white panties. Sarah had started to play with the bottom of the material of the top, stretching it out as she pulled it up.
"Liam Adamson," Sarah then said, "bit of a two pump chump unfortunately."
"Can confirm," Jess said, raising a hand.
Listening to that, guys like David and Wally wouldn't have cared if they were Liam and had been laughed at for his premature ejaculations. They just wished they had the opportunity themselves to fuck both Jess and Sarah.
They all watched at the white singlet was whipped off the top of her head. Sarah was now standing there in just white low cut panties and a simple but comfortable black bra. Her large breasts bounced as the top over it came off.
"Sooo I guess there was also Colby," she then added.
The boys all began to celebrate, Derek giving Michael a high five while Wally yelled in celebration, "YES! GET YOUR FUCKING TITS OUT!"
As usual, the girls looked disgusted with Wally and his off putting attitude. David himself had never even seen a girl out of their bra before. To have Sarah as possibly the first one was one hell of a first.
Sarah however wasn't ready to show the boys those beautiful big breasts just yet. Instead she started to slowly peel down her panties. Sarah let them drop right to the ground, stepping out of them, now completely bottomless.
It's not like they were complaining, they were getting a look at her now bare ass and more importantly, her lovely shaved pussy. But still hiding those perfect big melons seemed to make a few of the guys a little anxious.
"Oh I hope you've fucked more than those five..." Wally said out loud.
"Oh she has!" Derek said again.
"And you would know that how?" Abbey asked him, standing up for her blonde friend.
Derek readjusted his position on the couch, "I've played football all throughout high school and boys talk. We share everything in those locker rooms."
Sarah looked amused, "Oh really? So what's the goss then? Who's told you they've slept with me?"
Derek confidently replied, "Hammo, Stan, Rodger, Tim Smith also, he told me you took his virginity."
The smirk on his face was quickly wiped off when Sarah began laughing back at him, "Oh did he now? I guess so if he's talking about his first base virginity. We only kissed and he felt me up when he dropped me home one night."
"Well what about the others?" Michael asked her.
She started to reel off those names, "Ryan Hammond? No. Stan? I would never. Rodger? I may have sucked him off a couple of times but we never had sex."
"Ha! Knew you boys all lie about how many girls they've slept with," Tamika rejoiced.
"Wait, wait, wait, so you haven't fucked anyone else on the football team?" Ed asked her.
Looking at everyone in the room, she shook her head resulting in all of the guys groaning, shaking their heads. They were going to have to settle with just a look at her bottom half naked.
Wally slapped the side of his armchair in frustration, really trying to just get as good of a look at her pussy lips as he could now that she wasn't showing her tits.
"Alright Sarah, you're turn to pick," Abbey said, assuming they were about to move on.
"Wait," she suddenly said.
Everyone's heads turned back to Sarah.
"I may have also slept with Brian Thompson..."
The boys erupted, they were all about to see Sarah's tits, bare naked, no bra, no bikini top. Nothing in the way of hiding them from everyone.
"Brian Thompson I love you!!" Michael celebrated.
"Ahh man... Clutch as fuck Brian!" Ed added.
While the guys celebrated, Sarah removed the anticipation and wait, using her right hand to unclip the back of the bra and slide her arms out of the shoulder straps.
"There you go boys!" she said, happy to have teased it out a little longer than necessary.
The five guys and even Dani too all sat in awe, mouths wide open. Her large full round breasts now drooped a bit without the support of her bra. She had large pink nipples, perfectly positioned on each breast. They looked perfect, it was hard for these boys to hold themselves back and not dive head first into those twin peaks.
"Damn bestie, how we meant to compete with those?" Tamika said in awe.
"Oh they're not that great," she said, giving both breast a light squeeze.
Jess started to laugh, looking at the reaction of the boys, "Oh Sarah, you have no idea what you're doing to these boys, giving your boobs a squeeze like that."
David couldn't have agreed more, again he almost came in his pants. It was almost a bit torturous. The first ever girl he had seen naked and boy was it worth the wait.
Sarah had quickly gone back to her spot on the couch next to Ed, who did what he could to hide the obvious tent in his shorts. He was going to be sleeping in the same bed as this busty blonde goddess. Could he really stay faithful?
The game wasn't done there yet however, Sarah had her turn next.
"Come on big tits! I'm game!" Wally called out, wanting in on the action.
"Okay you silly perv, you want some action in your pants," she spoke, "I dare you to let Dani over there to pour hot sauce down your pants."
A chorus of laughter didn't help the disappointment of Wally who was less than impressed. It wasn't quite the feeling he wanted inside his pants, all he could do was roll his eyes, agree and hope that he had another chance to get some sort of action.
"Fine. Whatever," he replied.
The girls knew that the last thing Wally would want is to leave the room when Sarah was completely naked, large breasts bouncing around while Tamika and Jess were showing plenty of skin in their bras and or underwear.
"Is there some in the cupboard?" Dani asked, standing up.
"Sure is, right next to the ketchup and mustard," Derek replied to her.
Dani moved away to the kitchen, slowly starting to enjoy the company of these people. Maybe it was just the idea of messing with a douche of a guy but whatever it was, Dani liked it.
As she was looking through the cupboard, David amongst other guys couldn't help but still stare at the naked blonde on the couch. She sat with her legs crossed, keeping her pussy covered but her exposed breasts were there for everyone to see. David was almost drooling just watching the way they moved every time Sarah would re-position herself.
"Alright, hot sauce it is," Dani said, returning to the lounge room.
"What do I do? Just sit here?" Wally asked.
Dani came up to the front of the chair, straight away, she grabbed the front of his shorts, stretching them out, "Assuming we're doing this inside his briefs?" she said, turning a head to see what Sarah would say.
She nodded back, smiling at what was about to happen. Dani took the hint and grabbed the top his briefs unwillingly before she started to pour the hot sauce inside his underwear.
"Oooh shit!!" Wally moaned.
Everyone began to laugh, very happy for this to Wally of all people here.
"Ahh yuck! What about health and safety?!"
"Shut up Wally, it's just a bit of hot sauce, not like it's gonna burn your skin," Michael said.
Dani was brightly smiling, happily making Wally as uncomfortable as possible. She seemed to even be going a little over the top, pouring even more inside there when Wally was expecting her to stop.
"Ahh what the hell! Aw come on, how much are you going to put down there?" Wally complained.
Dani continued to squeeze as much out of the bottle as she could, flooding his underwear with hot sauce. "There," she said, finally letting go of his clothes, "Sure that feels real good."
The group kept laughing as Wally awkwardly sat there, his genitals all covered in sauce. He wanted his own revenge and he wanted it now, big time!
"Alright enough. It's my turn now!" Wally said, trying to shush the entire group.
He looked around the room, Wally didn't enjoy being the expense of the laughter of the group.
Wally noticed that Jess was probably enjoying his misery the most of everyone in the room. That and the fact that were sharing a room and she was the Queen Bee of all high school girls, Wally knew what he wanted.
"Jess. You think that's funny? Well guess what, I'm picking you," he said, removing the smile off Jess's face, "I dare you to clean up the mess from my shorts... with your mouth."
Everyone darted their heads back to Jess, intrigued to see what sort of reaction she would give. She looked calm, her face stone cold, Jess wasn't giving away anything yet.
Sitting on the bean bag, inspecting the empty glass of white wine she had in her hand.
"Okay then," she said, first pouring herself another full glass of wine.
Wally couldn't wipe the smirk of his face if he tried now, he smiled as spread out his legs, ready to drop his shorts and let Jess go at it. He expected she had no choice but to continue unless she was going to leave the game.
As Jess walked up to the front of Wally in his chair. She flashed him a fake smile and then hurled her drink right at his face with no warning whatsoever.
"Arghhh! What the hell!" he yelled, shaking his head, his face now completely soaked from the wine.
"If you ever thought I'd get my lips anywhere near your filthy cock, you were kidding yourself!" she told him before storming away, exiting the game.
Everyone else didn't seem too surprised, it was more plausible for Jess to soak Wally in wine rather than lick sauce off his dick.
"Really Jess? That is some expensive furniture you know!" Derek said, calling over his shoulder as the brunette left the room. Jess didn't lose his stride, giving the finger back at Derek as she continued to leave.
Wally left the room not long after, sick of the hot sauce that filled his briefs.
The mood of the room had certainly dropped and when Sarah announced that she was gonna run out and have a shower too, the game had fallen apart. Suddenly Tamika and Michael both felt a little conscious about the skin they were showing, they too covered up as the game ended.
The end of the night had ended similar to the way it started... awkward tension.
***
A couple of hours later...
David and Ed found themselves out on the back porch of the beautiful lake house, both with one last drink for the night.
"Look at you man, you've got yourself your a kiss, your first lap dance, you've seen your first titties and you're even keeping up with me on the drinks! How time has changed?" Ed said, smiling at his quiet less sociable friend.
"I probably owe you a lot for this, don't I?" David replied, looking back out at the lake and the night sky above it.
Ed smiled, "You could say that. Don't thank me yet though."
"What do you mean?"
Ed finished the rest of his beer bottle, placing it back down on the ground, just below him. "I mean, you're not done yet tonight, you've got a fucking hot cheerleader sleeping in the same bed as you tonight. She's wet for you, I'm telling you! So you better get some tonight."
Hearing that a girl may actually be wet for him was something that David had never thought possibly. However, he felt nervous about losing his virginity tonight, it just seemed all too quick.
Looking down at his own crotch, he felt his cock stirring once more. It still felt like it could explode inside his underwear at any minute.
"Look," David said, "I just don't think I'm ready for that, not yet anywhere."
Ed seemed a little disappointed, he wanted David to know about what he was missing out on, "By the end of the week, you promise me that you'll no longer be a virgin," he said, putting out his hand.
Whether he thought it could happen or not, David stuck out his hand in return, shaking it, "Sure, it's a deal."
They stayed outside a little longer, David not wanting to let Ed get off the hook either, he could tell the way that his best friend was checking out Sarah's naked body tonight that he was going to struggle to keep his hands to himself inside the bed.
"You really think you won't sleep with Sarah this week?" David asked him.
Calmly, Ed smiled without saying a single word. Instead, he just patted his friend on the back and started to make his way back inside, "Come on David, it's bed time."
***
Later on...
For the first night of a full week away, the group were all in bed relatively early. By 1AM, the lounge room and kitchen lights were all turned off, the only source of light right now was coming from the different bedrooms.
Downstairs, things were quiet, Tamika felt exhausted from the drive earlier in the morning and the drinks that followed, she fell asleep instantly. While she slept, Dani sat awake on her phone watching random YouTube videos until her eyes closed shut on her.
In the nearby room, Abbey and David awkwardly shared the same bed together. With his recent conversation in mind with Ed, David decided not to pursue anything tonight, they went to sleep peacefully next to each other.
The situation upstairs was a little more complicated in all three rooms. Wally had yet to see Jess since she threw wine all over him, being inside their room, he waited, hoping that Jess would return. Even though he knew deep down that she despised him and would never touch him, Wally was still desperate to share that queen size bed with her.
By 1AM, Wally was doing laps of the massive house, trying to figure out where she was.
Down the dark hallways, he could barely see anything. The floorboard creaked as he snuck around, Wally didn't even realise that there was someone else out there too.
Turning a corner, he screamed out loud as he now stood face to face with someone.
"Woah, fuck bro, calm down," Michael whispered, calming him down.
"You scared the hell out of me," Wally said, calming himself down a little bit.
Michael was in just a plain t-shirt and the briefs he wore earlier tonight that he stripped off, "What are you doing out here anyway?"
"I can't find Jess, thought I'd at least check if she's alright and has somewhere to sleep," he told him.
It all started to make sense for Michael who was also trying to figure out where he's roommate had gone. He was sharing the main room with Derek who had gone missing a bit over an hour ago. Not that he really cared where he was, he was still wide awake and thought he'd sus it out.
As soon as Wally revealed to him that Jess was missing too, he put one and one together and worked out that they were together somewhere, probably having sex.
"Have you seen her?" Wally asked him.
For a moment, he thought about helping him out but instead he decided to lead him back on a witch hunt. Maybe a little mean but Wally really was a creep and his respect amongst the group was as low as it could get.
"Think she might be in Ed and Sarah's room, maybe you should look there," Michael said before patting him on the back and getting out of there.
"Thanks amigo," he said, wondering towards Sarah and Ed's room.
Michael had just come from there and sending Wally that way, he knew it would get Wally in a bit more trouble.
***
5 minutes earlier...
Inside Ed and Sarah's room. The light inside was still on, the two had been up talking, Ed bringing in a bottle of wine for them to share as everyone else seemingly went to bed.
Ed was fighting his urge to rip off all her clothes just to see those juicy big tits once more. In front of, crossing her legs on the bed, Sarah was flirting casually with the handsome high school graduate. She had on a grey t-shirt and the same pair of white panties that she recently stripped off in the lounge room.
"For all the parties we went to in senior year, I can't believe we never hooked up," Sarah said, looking to stir the pot.
Immersed in the conversation, Ed smirked, "You should have told me if you were so keen, I would have gotten with you in a fucking heartbeat."
"Oh I don't doubt that," she replied, her cheeks faintly blushing, "You remember Abbey's 18th party?"
"Yeah... I mean sort of... I was blind wasted, but go on," he replied curiously.
Sarah took another gulp of her wine before continuing, "I wanted to jump your bones so badly that night," she revealed to him, "Do you remember speaking to me that night?"
Ed started to think more closely about the night. He did remember seeing Sarah there, how could he forget. She wore a lacy black top that pushed her large breasts together. Her long blonde hair so sexily pushed to the side, the actual conversation with her was a blur though.
"What did we speak about?"
"Not much, you just flirted with me, couldn't keep eye contact with me for longer than a few seconds... just kept staring at my boobs..."
Ed shuffled in his spot, he felt his dick getting hard. This was months ago now but he was starting to feel annoyed with himself, he had a real chance then to fuck Sarah that night from the sounds of it.
"Well what happened? Why didn't we do it that night?" Ed asked, his memory still foggy.
Sarah tilted her head and shrugged her shoulders, "Guess you just had too much to drink... I don't remember seeing you at the end of the night."
The timeline started coming back to his mind however, he remembered a week later that he met Annie at a party with teenagers from a different high school. They had been together ever since then.
Ed bowed his head, "Ahh right... and then I met Annie a week later... Fuck. I missed an opportunity then didn't I?"
Sarah nodded, biting down on her lip. "I would have given you one hell of a night to remember..." she spoke softly.
"What would you have done?"
"I would have stripped you down and had my way with that monster of yours..."
Ed grabbed his own hard cock as she started to speak. From the outside of his own underwear, he squeezed it, not caring that Sarah was watching him do it.
"I would have teased it... put it right in the middle of my big titties," she whispered, squeezing her own breasts from outside her t-shirt.
"Aw fuck me... keep going," he said, squeezing his own cock.
"I would have let you fuck these tits! Let you spunk all over them like the naughty boy you are..." Sarah said.
"Fucking jesus..."
Ed was losing control of himself, his girlfriend back at home was barely a thought right now. All he was thinking about was the blonde bombshell in front of him, squeezing her tits.
"I would have..."
Before Sarah had a chance to continue, the door opened up. It was Michael standing there.
They both looked at the door, both very much annoyed.
"What the fuck do you want?" Ed said quietly but sternly.
Michael stood there, realising what he may have been interrupting, "Have you guys seen where Derek went?"
Ed couldn't have looked anymore pissed off if he tried. He would have thrown the wine bottle at the door if he knew it wouldn't smash and leave glass everywhere. "Why the fuck would we know where he is?" he said.
"Yoo... chill bro... I'll get out of your hair," Michael said before closing the door and leaving.
Sarah and Ed took one look at each other before the dark haired boy virtually dived on top of her, he kissed her. A sloppy drunk kiss but still a kiss. Their tongues met and swirled around in each other's mouths. Sarah moaned as Ed used his left hand to reach underneath her top and squeeze her right bra less breast from inside.
It felt like a massive cushion, so soft and squishy, Ed squeezed it with all his might. Using his thumb, he flicked her nipple in a repetitive motion.
Two very drunk and horny eighteen year olds letting out so much sexual tension. It was going all so well...
Then the door opened again.
Wally stood there, looking for Jess after Michael had told him to come straight here on purpose.
They both stopped what they were doing to look at the door, "Do any of you pricks knock in this house!?!" Ed angrily responded.
"So Jess isn't in here..."
They both were fuming, "No! Do you see her anywhere?? Of course there's nobody else in here!" Sarah told him.
Wally was going to ask if they had seen her but with the fear of Ed launching something at the door, he played it safe and left immediately, again closing the door.
That could have stopped them from doing anything more but they went straight back to kissing. Ed moved Sarah's hand to his crotch, begging for her to squeeze it.
Things couldn't heat up for long, Ed's phone began to ring.
"Fuck what now!" Ed exclaimed, picking up the phone.
Incoming call: Annie
Seeing who it was, Ed's heart dropped, he sighed and looked down at Sarah on the bed.
"Sorry, I've got to take this," he apologised, knowing Sarah would know exactly who was calling him.
She looked dejected as he left the room to answer the call. Probably a realisation that this was a bad idea, Sarah turned the light off after Ed left, jumped under the sheets and tried to get some sleep.
This wasn't going to happen tonight.
***
While Wally roamed the house is search of Jess, he would eventually realise that he was never going to find her. The brunette was safely inside the house, in the one room that appeared to be locked with no chance of entry by anyone.
The main light was off inside the bedroom that was situated away from everyone else's room. A small bed side lamp was the only source of light for the two teenagers inside.
On the bed, Derek laid there bottomless, his pants and underwear discarded on the floor of the room.
"Mmmm fuck..." he moaned as his hard cock was being swallowed by the insanely hot brunette cheerleader.
Jess had on nothing but a pair of small black panties. Topless, her medium sized breasts hung below her free from the confines of her bra. She had her head right on top of Derek's lap, taking him in deep.
"Fucking hell... that's so good," he said again.
Jess took her mouth off his cock for a moment, looking up at him with her special green eyes. She smirked at Derek's puffed reaction, then licking the outside of his shaft with her long pink tongue.
"Really going to tease me like that are you?" Derek asked her, feeling his body twitch from the sensation of her tongue.
"Just making sure you don't forget who's in control here," she said before bobbing her head back down.
The feeling of Jess's mouth was one that Derek had plenty of experience with. Not only had she given him plenty of blowjobs before, Jess had also slept with him on multiple occasions throughout their time at high school. The frequency of their sexual outings however, seemed to reduced ever since Derek was kicked off the football team.
He was lucky to have enough charm to keep the head cheerleader coming back to him enough over the last few months.
Jess sucked on the tip of his cock, giving his head little small kisses before using her tongue to drive him even wilder.
Leaning his head back, Derek's eyes nearly rolled back inside his head as he tried to control himself from the sensual motion of Jess's tongue. It was one hell of a blowjob but he wanted more, he wanted to back the slut.
"Awww fuck... Come on Jess, just fuck me already," he whimpered.
She moved her head up again and just seductively shook her head at him, "You're just lucky that you're getting your dick wet after this shit show of a group you brought here."
"What's it matter?" Derek said as Jess laid there, now giving his cock some long strokes, stretching his foreskin as much as she could, "You can fuck me as much you like all week."
"Oh of course, your own personal sexual servant huh?" she said sarcastically, now moving up from their position lying down.
Derek moaned as he reached out and copped a feel of her naked right breast.
Now sitting up on the bed in front of him, Jess was really beginning to tease him. Slowly jerking his long hard shaft with both hands, tugging on him at her own preferred pace. Her hair was done up in a messy bun while her nice boobs sat proudly upon her chest.
The topless brunette loved to be in control and that's exactly where she found herself now. She enjoyed the feel of the jock's large cock, milking him as if he was her very own boy toy.
"Come on, just let me fuck those beautiful pussy of yours," Derek begged.
Jess chuckled lightly, "I don't even know if I want to let you cum tonight..."
The look on Derek's face was one of what you could almost describe as fear, he really didn't want to have to finish his own self off because Jess was mad with him about the invitation choices.
Jess kept slowly stroking his cock, toying with him.
Right now, Jess had two options, all depending on what sort of mood she currently possessed towards Derek. She may not be giving Derek a root tonight but she could sure satisfy him by letting him cum from her own hands and mouth.Unless of course she wanted to tease and torture him more by letting him go to bed without the satisfaction of ejaculating.
"You really fucked up when you slept with Richard's girlfriend," she then said, referring to the night Derek slept with the football captain's girlfriend.
Derek ignored her, worried anymore of his words may hurt his chances of being finished off tonight.
Jess could have very easily let him suffer, it would have been a real demonstration of the power she held as a strong willed female. However, she also loved the feeling she possessed when being in control of a guy as they came.
Slowly stroking him, Jess could see in Derek's eyes that he was practically begging her.
Begging for the brunette head cheerleader to keep going, speed up the pace of her hands and make him cum.
"You're lucky I'm such a cock pleaser," she said, smirking at him.
Derek bit his own lip, feeling satisfied that she wasn't done there yet. The hands on his cock had begun to pick up the speed. Second by second, Jess began to pump his cock with her right hand, her other hand now on his thigh to balance herself as she leaned forward.
Jess continued to jerk his shaft, the slut had trapped it tightly within her right hand. As she leaned forward, Derek stared at her bare tits. They bounced up and down now that her arm was pumping him much faster.
Whether she would admit it or not, Derek knew she was quite turned on right now. Her nipples had really started to harden in front of him, something he had noticed when he began to feel her up moments before.
They were basically begging to be sucked on, in the same way way she had sucked on his cock. Jess then, almost as if she was reading Derek's mind, used her left hand to grab her left stiff nipple, pinching it while parting her mouth open wider. It was an image that was pushing Derek to his first orgasm for the week.
"I can feel it coming... you're going to cum for me? Like a good boy?" she purred.
Derek nodded, his masculinity dropping as he was in his most vulnerable state, right at the hands of Jess herself. She had started to make his body twitch and shake, they both knew Derek couldn't hold on any longer, he was about to cum.
Jess picked up the pace one final time, her hand flying up and down his shaft, creating a hell of a lot of friction.
"Ughh oh god..." he said as his cock began to unload itself. Jess was in control of his shaft, she directed it back towards him, making the stud cum all over his own body.
Spurts of white hot cum began flying out, spraying Derek's lap and all over the t-shirt he had been wearing to bed. The look on her face was one of success, not that she had any concern that she couldn't make him cum but Jess always loved the moment a guy erupted.
Derek on the other hand, was still breathing heavily. He checked out Jess sitting in front of him as his cock finally settled down, she wasn't going to help him clean up at all, it would be his problem to amend.
"You owe me now. If things don't start changing around here tomorrow, you'll be in here doing this by yourself," she warned him before moving over to the bed side table and flicking the lamp off.
This left Derek in the dark with cum all over his body.
***
More to come soon!!