About a week after my performance, I received a call from Lindsey. I was happy when I saw it was her as I hadn't spoken with her since that night and was unsure as to where we had left things. I answered on the second ring and before I could even say a word, she asked, "So- what did you think?"
"About what?" I replied.
"The stripping. You seemed nervous at the start but really got going towards the end. Thinking you might do it again sometime?" Lindsey responded with a laugh.
"I definitely enjoyed it but the result was certainly the best part." I said with a smirk.
"Do you want me to help you become better?" she said, "I could certainly give you some pointers and provide some modeling of certain...techniques."
"I don't know how I could say no. Especially if you are going to be my coach." I answered while trying to hide my excitement at such an invite.
"Be at my house tomorrow night. Bring your outfit with you." Lindsey stated.
Before I could even respond, she had hung up the phone. I couldn't focus the next day at work as visions of Lindsey touching herself after my last performance replayed over and over in my head. The anticipation was almost unbearable and when 5 pm rolled around, I about ran to my car.
Upon arriving at Lindsey's house, I grabbed my drawstring bag containing my outfit and knocked on the door. Lindsey answered wearing a short black robe and, without saying a word, grabbed my hand and pulled me inside. She led me to the living room wherein a single chair had been set in the middle of the room. Lindsey pointed and said, "Sit."
Without hesitation, I complied. She walked over to her phone and flipped on some music. As the song started, she reached behind her and removed her ponytail. Her long brown hair fell down and she shook her head from one side to the other. Lindsey ran her hand through her hair and, satisfied with what she saw in the mirror over her fireplace, she began to turn around. As she turned, she released the tie on her robe which had been holding it closed. While the robe had only slipped open, I was now able to make out the matching black lace bra and panties she was wearing and immediately felt my cock stand straight up. I didn't attempt to hide my excitement causing Lindsey to smile and laugh.
"First rule is to just let yourself have fun, "she said smiling wide with her green eyes flashing, "It releases any tension or anxiety you have which will make your movements better."
Lindsey moved closer, straddled my lap, and began grinding her ass on my crotch. As I went to put my hands on her, she slapped them away and reminded me this was a learning experience. Her hands ran down my chest before she pushed me so that I was against the back of the chair as I had initially been leaning forward. Lindsey bit her lip and made the pouty face popularized by models and sorority girls. She stood up and removed the robe completely this time.
Lindsey bent forward breaking at her hips so I got a view of her boobs which were being complimented by the lace push up bra she was wearing. She took one in each hand and fondled them as she returned to an upright position. Lindsey walked around behind the chair and reached down ton rub my chest from behind and she whispered into my ear, "Don't get too excited. I want the full experience when I fuck you later."
With that, she walked back around and sat down on my lap. This time she took my hands into hers and put them on her boobs. I began fondling them and leaned forward to bury my head in them. Lindsey reached behind her and unhooked her bra. She threw it to the side and let out a sigh as I immediately began sucking on her nipples. This went on for a minute before she pushed me back in the chair and stood up. Lindsey took a few steps back and turned around exposing her bare ass with the thong lost between her beautiful round butt cheeks. She shook her butt to a speed that perfectly matched the music. It was abundantly clear that this wasn't the first time she had performed to this song.
As the music slowed, she put one finger on each side of the thong and pulled it down. She turned around and kicked the thong off her foot which I caught with the enthusiasm a child would with a foul ball at a baseball game. This caused her to laugh and she told me I was cute. Lindsey came back over to the chair but this time faced herself away from me as she lowered herself back onto my lap. She took one hand and brought it behind the back of my head and forced my head forward so I was right by her ear. "Are you ready to fuck me?" she sighed. I quickly replied yes before being told it wouldn't happen until I performed for her.
With that knowledge, I put a hand on each of her hips and had her stand up. I came around to the front of her and asked her to sit down as it was my turn.
I turned my back to her and began to sway my hips back and forth with the music. Lindsey let out a whistle and yelled, "Take it off!". With that encouragement, I reached down and pulled my shirt up over my head. "Ow! Ow!" Lindsey called out. Doing a quick spin to face her, I took the shirt and swung it around above my head before tossing it off to the side. I moved towards the chair and put one foot up between her legs and thrust my hips forward in a humping motion. After three thrusts, I removed my foot from the chair and sat down on Lindsey's lap. I took her hands into mine and ran them down my chest so she could feel every muscle. Lindsey smiled and bit her lip again as my hand moved to her exposed pussy. I rubbed it in rhythm with my thrust and her sighs began to become louder and more frequent.
I didn't want her to get too excited so I stood up and ripped off my tearaway pants. Her eyes had closed when I was rubbing her but had snapped open when I stopped and stood up. They flashed with lust as she eyed my tiny g-string which was stretched to the max due to my hard cock being at full length. I turned my back to the chair but stayed close and shook my butt again. She reached out and slapped my ass. I turned to face her shaking my cock for all I was worth. Lindsey leaned forward, grabbed my hips to steady me, and hooked her thumbs into the g-string before pulling it down. She looked up at me hungrily and said, "Women want to see the cock, not the g-string. Don't overdo it when you know you have them where you want them."
"Yes ma'am." I responded.
With that encouragement, I began to shake my cock back and forth for about thirty seconds. Then I decided to try something new: I moved close to her still swaying to the music but now stroking my cock.
"Yes- always keep the cock as the focus because now all I want to do is jump your bones."
"Yes ma'am." I replied again with a smile.
"Now get down here and show this woman how you can eat pussy," Lindsey demanded pointing to the ground directly in front of her, "On your knees for me."
I didn't need a second request and immediately did as she said dropping to my knees and burying my face between her legs. Lindsey let out a loud moan and grabbed the back of my head pushing me forward. My tongue worked furiously and I brought one of my hands up to assist. I stuck two fingers in and began slowly rubbing at first before increasing my speed and continuing with the use of my tongue. Lindsey's moans continued to increase in frequency during this time but then she asked me to stop. I raised my head asking if something was wrong. "Yes," Lindsey stated, "I haven't got to taste that cock again."
I stood up and took a step back as she got up out of the chair. We began making out while she jerked my cock. Then she began kissing my neck before moving down to my nipples. She paused briefly there to bite them before continuing on to kiss my abs and finally arriving at my cock. Lindsey took my balls in one hand and the shaft in the other. She raised the head up and licked it ever so lightly keeping her eyes looking upwards towards me to see the reaction on my face. A look of pure ecstasy was across my face and I had begun to deep breathe in anticipation of what was to come. Satisfied at what she saw, she began to deep throat me and her head bobbed up and down my cock with a slow and deliberate speed. Lindsey removed her head every minute or so and licked up and down the shaft while looking up at me. Within a few minutes, I asked her to stop for the same reason I suspected she had- we both wanted to climax with one another.
When she stood up, I took her hand and took her over to the chair. I had her put one foot on the seat of the chair and grab the back with two hands to steady herself. I took one hand and rubbed her pussy lips to ensure they were still nice and wet before taking my cock in my other hand and guiding it in. I slid in immediately with little effort as she was still very aroused. Lindsey let out a sigh as I entered her and looked back over her shoulder at me, "How does it feel? I know you've wanted to fuck me for years but I'm glad you finally admitted it."
"It feels so good," I said as I started slowly thrusting, "But it tasted even better." She smiled widely at this and told me to speed up and show her what I could really do. With that encouragement, I put a hand on each of her hips and began thrusting as hard as I could. The sensation was incredible as her pussy wasn't tight but wasn't too loose either. It seemed to provide perfect cushion and I loved how her ass looked when my hips made contact while thrusting. After about five minutes, I asked if I could sit and she could ride me. This time she grabbed my hand and led me over to the couch. She pushed me onto the couch and told me to lie down. Lindsey climbed onto the couch with her back to me, took my cock into one of her hands, and slowly lowered herself down. Using her hands on my chest to steady herself, she began to bounce up and down on my cock. I attempted to assist by thrusting but she pushed back on my chest and told me to let her do the work.
Lindsey's moans were increasing in both length and intensity after a few minutes of riding me. I didn't want her to climax in this position though so I grabbed her waist and said, "I want to be on top so I can see your face when we both finish." Without a word, Lindsey raised herself off of my cock and stood to the side of the couch while I stood up and we switched positions so she was lying underneath me. I lowered myself on top of her and stuck my cock back in her pussy. As I had before, I began with slow thrusts before speeding up to a steady rhythm. I squeezed her butt with every thrust and switched between kissing her neck and lips as well. Within five minutes, we had both reached climax. I raised myself up and said, "How did I do?"
"Your dancing moves still need work but...you know what to do with that," Lindsey said smiling and pointing at my cock, "I'll definitely be inviting you back."