Ashley Sweet was the most notorious cocksucker in school. It was the worst-kept secret of Jefferson High School that she could be found every Friday afternoon in the alley behind the gym dispensing free blowjobs to any and all bold enough to take advantage of the offer. Since service was on a first come, first cum basis, she was often mobbed by a bunch of horny guys who raced over from their last class for their weekly fix. To speed up the process she generally serviced several at once, stroking one guy while sucking another; often, those waiting their turns passed the time wanking their dicks a few feet away. From what I heard she sucked cock for exactly one hour; when time was up she stopped, leaving her customers hanging in whatever state they had been. Modesty certainly wasn't one of her biggest concerns – at least, from what I'd heard.
The funny thing about Ashley was that she appeared to be one of the nicest, most decent girls in school, and also one of the most intelligent. (She graduated fourth in her class, I think.) The whole time I was in school I hardly talked to her, and certainly didn't consider her a friend. But semester after semester she ended up in the same classes as me, and I kept wondering if anyone so pretty, so sweet (her last name actually was Sweet, for God's sake!), could possibly be the same person everyone talked about – whether she could really be as slutty everyone said she was. Well, that summer I found out she could.
My name is Nick. You may remember me from my first story, about a girl named Julia whom I loved (and still love) very much. What you should also know about me and Julia, and what I declined to mention at the end of that story, is that neither of us considered our relationship monogamous – or, for that matter, really a relationship at all. We fucked, and we were friends (best friends, in fact), but we didn't want to date and were perfectly accepting of outside flings. Which was fortunate. Six months before graduating I had been a virgin; now, in the middle of summer, I was doing my best to sample every pleasure I could. Still, a residual crust of shame clung to my conscience: in school, I'd never worked up the courage to make it out to Ashley's little corner behind the gym, and now I was still a little wary of her attentions when the events described below transpired. But first let's step back a little.
When I was still in school, one of my friends, Jake, was a frequent patron of Ashley' oral services and often tried to get me to come along. Hence the following exchange, on a Friday three weeks from graduation:
"It'll be fun," Jake said. "Just this one time."
"No, man. You go alone."
"C'mon. Just once?"
I was adamant. In my senior year I was dating a certain Chrissy. At the time I thought I liked Chrissy and was faithful to her. Still, Jake's entreaties were mighty tempting, and all the rumors tended to arouse my naturally curious nature. I wondered what exactly were the limits of fidelity. Hence another exchange, the Friday after the one related above.
"Just one blowjob," Jake said. "Chrissy won't mind."
"I think she might," I said.
"You're missing out. She's the best. I bet Chrissy doesn't even go down on you, does she?"
This was true. It was also true that it was something I dearly wanted to try. Still, my monogamy held. Hence another Friday exchange – the last Friday, my very last day in school.
"This is your last chance, man. She's graduating – it's the end of a fuckin' era, man. You gotta go, just this one time."
"Fuck, Jake, how many times do I have to say no?"
"Alright. So you you really don't want a blowjob. Why don't you just come and watch, then? That's not cheating or anything."
"Watch?"
"Yeah. Even if you don't want to join in it's definitely worth seeing."
I thought about this for a moment. Chrissy would probably not be terribly pleased at the prospect; nonetheless, if I kept my pants zipped and my mouth shut I could enjoy an entertaining spectacle without her ever having to know. Why not?
"Okay," I said. "I'll watch, but I'm keeping my distance."
We walked out behind the gym. I felt a weird weight in the pit of my stomach as we approached a crowd of boys – at least a dozen, maybe more. All of them were circled around a single point, a point that, from a distance, remained invisible.
"Is it always this crowded?" I asked.
"No," said Jake. "It must just be because it's the last time. Fuck, I hope I can get some."
We pushed our way through the crowd. I managed to glimpse a few people I knew from class – the shock of recognition was a little much. To think that these kids, many of them every week, would go straight from trigonometry or history to this! The atmosphere was oddly festive – grins, laughs, and in-jokes. Almost like an ordinary session of hanging-out, if it weren't for the occasional hard penis sticking out of unzipped jeans. I don't suppose this sort of thing happens at every high school, and even knowing exactly what to expect didn't quite dissipate the air of unreality.
I gasped. In the middle of the circle, with a little space cleared around her, Ashley Sweet was kneeling in front of a guy. Her knees rested on a helpfully provided sweatshirt. From my angle I could only see the guy's back and the side of Ashley's head as it bobbed in front of his crotch; his jeans were slipping down his thigh, while his boxers seemed to be pulled down only in the front. The man was moaning. He began to shake – I was afraid his knees would buckle and he'd fall down, in fact. But no: he kept his balance, even continuing to thrust forward until his moans finally subsided.
"Fuck," he said.
With that he stepped backwards. His big cock, wet with saliva, slid out of Ashley's succulent red lips – the same lips I'd seen in class so many times under such different circumstances. She even seemed to be smiling. A trail of cum seeped over her lower lip. She licked it up. The man, I was shocked to see, was my friend Brian. His face was glazed over. Another guy, someone I didn't recognize, stepped out of the crowd, dick in hand. Without wasting a second he shoved it in Ashley's mouth. Again, I was shocked – so shocked, in fact, I didn't even notice the rising erection straining against my pants. Ashley, though, took it in stride, soon settling into a steady rhythm as she sucked him while simultaneously cradling his balls in one hand. Someone else stood at her side as she jacked him off. In this new angle I was able to see everything – able to see the thick shaft as it disappeared in her mouth, able to see her lips pursed around it, able to see the bulge where the head of his cock pressed against her cheek. Her blond hair flowed around her pretty cheekbones.
And then something else happened, something even more unsettling. Ashley's eyes caught mine. With a cock filling her mouth it was of course difficult to make out her expression, but she seemed pleased to see me. She seemed, in fact, to be beckoning me to stay – beckoning me with those gorgeous blue eyes.
"Pretty good, huh?" Jake said, smiling.
The spell was broken. I felt an intense and sudden shame.
"Uh, yeah. I. . . I think I better go, Jake."
"What? Leaving already?"
"Yeah, well, yeah, my parents are expecting me back."
"Whatever, man," he cried out as I hurriedly walked away. "But you're missing out."
. . .
That night I was hanging out with Julia, with whom, if I may recall your memory, I was immensely (and secretly) infatuated. We were in her room. I wanted to talk about what had happened that afternoon, but wasn't quite sure how to bring it up. Finally I decided to be direct.
"I went to see Ashley sweet behind the gym today," I said.
"Really? You didn't –"
"No, I didn't. I just watched."
"Wow. Was it like they say?"
"Yeah. But, like, more so. Um, I don't really know what that means. I guess when I imagined it it just didn't seem as real."
"Well, obviously. It wasn't real."
"Yeah, I know, but I mean it never really struck me that this was something that was really going on. Before it was more like a fairytale, or, like, an urban legend."
"You sound traumatized."
"No, not traumatized. Just a little unsettled. I'll get over it."
There was a pause.
"Did you like it?" she asked.
"Like it? I don't know . . ."
"Did it turn you on?"
I hesitated.
"Yeah. It did. But I wasn't even really thinking about it. It was a little too shocking. And besides, there's Chrissy."
I never liked mentioning Chrissy around Julia. But right now I needed a way out, and she was the only ace I had in the hole.
"Yeah, that's true," she said. "Are you going to tell her?"
"No. I don't see any reason to. In fact, I don't see any reason why I shouldn't forget it entirely."
. . .
And that, for a while, is what I tried to do. Of course I failed immediately – that very night I jacked off in my bathroom to the memory of Ashley sucking away. But time passed, and things started changing rapidly. School was over. Things finally got good with Julia – again, let me refer you to "Julia, My Camera, and Me" for that particular episode of my life – and I broke up with Chrissy (the less said of this the better). Sexually speaking, I was become more and more adventurous (as, fortunately, was Julia). But through it all the image of Ashley Sweet's eyes looking at mine as she sucked that cock remained seared in my mind.
So it was that I responded with a little bit of a start when, on another Friday about two months after graduation, I found myself sitting next to her in the back seat of Jake's car. Jake was driving; another mutual friend, a certain Mike, was riding shotgun. They'd called me earlier to ask if I wanted to go to the beach. They did not, however, tell me that Ashley would be coming along. She was dressed appropriately for the weather in a light blue tank-top (one that displayed her generous cleavage quite well, if you must know) and a denim miniskirt – she looked cute as a button. What caught me most, however, was her face, and especially her eyes. Here again I saw the same adorable smile (with just a hint of perversity) and the same beckoning blue eyes.
"Hey! Nice to see you again, Nick!" she said.
"Oh, yeah," I stumbled. "Nice to see you, too."
"I was sorry you didn't stick around last time we met."
I couldn't believe she was being so forward.
"Yeah, well, I had to go. You know, because of. . . stuff. . ."
She giggled.
"Well, don't worry about it. You're here now, after all." She smiled again.
I was wearing just a t-shirt and swim trunks and feared greatly that Ashley might stir my dormant cock to noticeable erectness. I pressed my legs together.
"We're going to Ashley's house," Jake said. "It's on the beach."
"Yeah, it's a real nice, deserted place," Brian said.
"Oh." I said. "Okay."
"You don't mind, do you?" Ashley asked.
"No, of course not," I said. And I meant it.
Naturally I didn't care nearly as much about the appearance of my male companions as I did Ashley's, but for the sake of my narrative I'll relate it as best I can. Jake was tall, with longish blond hair – a consummate surfer dud. Mike was a little shorter and thicker, though equally muscular (a little more so than myself, if truth be told), also with blond hair, but cut relatively short. We arrived at our destination after a few minutes driving.
Her house was, indeed, on a gorgeous stretch of beach. I couldn't help thinking of the house where Julia and I hooked up for the first time. We parked the car, got a brief tour of the building (kitchen, bathroom, living room with new foosball table), and headed for the water. Ashley changed into a bikini. Her previous outfit was hardly a model of modesty – in fact, the actual new skin area exposed in the change may have been fairly minimal – but the effect was distinctly novel. Now, I've said before that Julia was, and has always been, the most beautiful woman I know. This is true. But Ashley had a different sort of appeal, something much more, well, more vulgar. Her ass was nice and round, tucking up between above legs with a gorgeous little curve, with tits big and round enough to match. There was just a slight pleasing roundness to her belly. Some girls you can tell were just made for fucking, and Ashley was one of them. I think she knew it, too. Ashley wasn't tall – one might even have called her petite – but she carried herself with a sort of insouciant bounce that threw her curves into precisely the right relief. Her skin was a light, natural tan, the kind of tan, I assumed, one developed by living on the beach. If Julia might reasonably impersonate a goddess, Ashley was a nymph – or, more likely, a nympho. I strained mightily to keep my cock at rest.
Even in August in southern California the water stays pretty cool. Without wetsuits we felt chilled after about an hour, so we went back inside and took turns in the shower, washing off the salt. Ashley was the first in, while I was the last; when I stepped out of the shower (wrapped only in a towel) Mike and Jake were playing foosball in the living room. They were both wearing swimtrunks with no shirts. Ashley, somewhat to my disappointment, had gotten dressed, though her miniskirt and tank-top still left plenty to be admired. She was standing just outside the shower. Her skin still had that radiant post-shower glow.
"You wanna play foosbal?" she asked.
I shrugged.
"Me neither," she said. "Hey, wanna see my room?"
"Sure. Shouldn't I put on some pants or something?"
"Nah, don't bother." She paused a second, as if thinking. "Wait, actually, I'll be back in just a minute."
She scurried off to her room, leaving me more than a little confused. But she was back in less than a minute, and I soon forgot the interruption.
"Okay, let's go," she said.
We walked to her room. It was a nice little corner of the house, painted light green with matching bedsheets. There was a big mirror by the foot of the bed and also a TV with a VCR. We sat on the bed. She didn't bother to close the door – the sounds of foosball wafted in from the living room. Ashley, I gathered, was not a fan of subtlety – I figured she probably had a very specific purpose in leading me to her room. Even though I hardly knew her I felt oddly comfortable in her presence. I was beginning to get an erection.
"I haven't see your parents around," I said.
"They're out of town for the weekend," Ashley said. "I thought I'd take advantage of it and have a few friends over."
"I didn't know you were friends with Mike and Jake. I was sorta surprised to see you in the car."
"We're friends, yeah. But today, well," – she giggled – "they just sorta picked me up on the corner. I told them they could come to my house if they wanted, and, guess what, they did. Wanna guess what I did before we picked you up?"
"What?"
"I gave them both blowjobs. In the backseat, on the street."
My cock twitched. I was sure it was visible pressing against the towel.
"That seems to be your favorite hobby," I said.
"Uh-huh. I like it. A lot. I was pretty excited when I saw you that one time, on the last day of school. I thought I'd finally get to see if – well, see if it was true."
"I don't really know what you mean."
"Chrissy said you had a big dick."
I blushed and smiled nervously. She was looking into my eyes, just inches away.
"Well, there's no accounting for opinion, is there?" I said.
"I still wanna find out."
It was inevitable. She leaned over to me. Her lips met mine. As we kissed I felt her hand slip down my stomach, over my abs, my navel, down to where the towel was wrapped tightly around my waist. We still kissed. Her fingers slipped under the towel, through the wet curls of pubic hair, till they met the shaft – the shaft that was already rock-hard with anticipation. She stroked me, sending shivers through my body.
Ashley loosened the towel. My cock sprung free. She stopped kissing me to get a look.
"Wow!" she exclaimed. "It is true, isn't it? Julia's a lucky girl, isn't she?"
"If you say so," I said.
"Do you think she'd mind?" Her fingers wrapped around the shaft.
"No. We're not dating. I mean, we're not monogamous."
She stroked me more, now harder, faster. Ripples of pleasure spread from where her fingers met my shaft.
"In fact," I said, "she'd probably like hearing about this."
"Then you don't think she'd mind if I did this, either?"
She laid my back on the bed and scooted down between my legs. Her tongue flicked along the underside of my cock.
"No," I said, "I don't think she'd mind at all."
She circled the head of my cock with her skilled tongue. Once she was done teasing the tip she finally engulfed my cock in her mouth, managing to fit all of it in with a single gulp – something I hardly expected. Much practice had undoubtedly taught her how to please a man, and I dare say she was doing a damn fine job of it. I nearly came right then.
Ashley, of course, didn't want that. Maybe behind the gym she'd tried to suck people off as quickly as possible, but now, on her own time, she seemed a model of patience. She enjoyed drawing out my pleasure as best she could, prolonging it, bringing me almost to the brink and then pulling back, keeping me forever just barely on the edge of orgasm. It was almost more than I could take.
"God, that's good," I whimpered.
She gave me a few more sucks, then raised her head.
"Let's try something a little different now," she said, smacking her lips.
She turned around on the bed. Instantly I knew what she had in mind. Her legs were on either side of my face, her mouth backwards over my cock. She flipped her skirt up over her ass, revealing, to my surprise, not only that she wasn't wearing underwear but that her pussy was shaved silky-smooth except for a soft strip of blond fur along the top. In a moment we were locked in what they call sixty-nine.
Her pussy was already quite wet, and not just from the shower. Giving blowjobs evidently was something she enjoyed very much. I teased her just a little at first, just running my tongue around the soft flesh of her pussy, teasing the outer folds without touching the most sensitive spots within – a little revenge for the torment she had put me through a few minutes earlier. My tongue slid easily between the lips, lubricated by the slick wetness of her arousal. She murmured with pleasure as she sucked my cock.
I finally licked straight down the middle of her pussy, bottom to top. She gasped with pleasure. I lapped up and down, making sure to brush her clit at the end of each lick. After a while I transitioned to pressing my whole tongue against her pussy and quickly vibrating it from side to side – a technique I've found can often reduce a woman to a quaking mound of jelly in no time flat. She, in return, sucked my cock down to the very base. She was, I had to admit, giving me the best blowjob I'd ever had – even today, after accumulating many more to compare it by, I still consider it one of the best. She somehow managed to suck me deep down her throat and to use her tongue effectively at the same time, producing a sensation unlike any I'd felt before – not even Julia could match it. I thought I'd come too quickly, but as it turned out Ashley beat me to it.
"Mmmm, mmmff!" she moaned.
Her ass shook in the throes of orgasm. I kept licking her, pressing my tongue even harder against her clit. Her juices dripped over my mouth. Her oral efforts, meanwhile, had brought me to the tipping point as well. Almost as soon as her orgasm was over, I felt my balls tighten. My cock began to spasm.
"Oh, God. . ." I moaned.
Ashley just kept sucking – sucking me harder and deeper, if that was possible, even than before. Wave after wave of cum shot into her mouth – and, as far as I could tell, she swallowed every drop, not letting me go until the very final twitches had subsided. When in was all over she finally rolled off me.
"Wow. . ." she said.
"Yeah. . . That was. . . amazing." I panted and looked at the ceiling.
She seemed to have caught her breath.
"Yeah, I've sucked a lot of cocks. I mean, I've swallowed a lot of cum. I've done this a lot. But that was really. . . really. . . good. . ." She paused for a second. "And you're not half-bad at eating pussy, either."
"Thanks."
We laid in bed for a minute.
"Well, I guess we shouldn't leave Mike and Jake all alone," she said.
"Yeah, you're probably right."
I still didn't have any clothes with me, so I just wrapped myself back up in the same towel. Ashley just had to flip down her skirt and we were ready to go.
"Hey," she said, waving to Jake and Mike.
"Hey," said Mike. "What've you been up to all this time?"
"Sucking his cock, naturally," Ashley replied, smiling.
I blushed.
"Really?" said Jake, also smiling. He looked at me. "Welcome to the club, man."
. . .
It was getting pretty late by then. Ashley asked if we wanted to stay for dinner, and we all agreed. We fixed up a pretty simple pasta dish, with a nice salad, and talked; Ashley also consented to break out a couple bottles of her father's wine collection. Most of the talk, naturally, was about normal post-high school subjects – gossip, news of breakups and hookups, movies – but the conversation was also marked by a notable openness when it came to sex. Ordinarily I might have felt out of place, but somehow the company and the setting made me feel at ease. I discovered, to my surprise, that Jake and Mike had apparently both been – how shall we say it? – engaged in carnal relations with Ashley (that is, in addition to their scheduled rendezvous behind the gym) for several months. Sometimes, I gathered, even at the same time. I couldn't help imagining what Ashley would look like with two guys fucking her at once. I'd never been a participant of any kind of group sex, but I had to admit the concept intrigued. As the night wore on I felt a new stirring between my legs.
After dinner we cleaned up the dishes. The conversation was winding down, but the company was still pleasant. Jake and Mike, I had noticed, seemed to be getting hornier by the minute. Maybe it was the wine, or maybe it was just Ashley – she was certainly leading them on enough. Still, it was a little shocking when Jake suddenly bent her over the dinner table and flipped up her skirt. He knelt down behind her and sent a long, languid lick up between her legs.
"I like your pussy, Ashley," he said.
"I like it when you lick it," she responded.
He licked again. Mike (who was smiling) and I were sitting in chairs just a few feet away.
"You like that?" Jake asked, a grin on his face.
"Yeah," she responded. "But I liked it when Nick did it more."
She looked at me, devlish smile on her face. Jake huffed in mock outrage.
"But he didn't fuck you, did he?" he said.
"Nope."
Jake turned to Mike and I.
"If you guys don't mind. . ."
Without waiting for a response he slipped down his swimtrunks. His cock – respectable in size, but not quite my equal, if I may be so bold to declare – sprang free, pointing straight at Ashley's moist pussy.
"Fuck her, Jake," Mike said.
"Yeah, fuck me," Ashley added.
The urging was entirely unnecessary. Jake put his weight forward, driving his dick between Ashley's pussy lips. I looked on, transfixed. I'd never actually seen another man penetrate a woman before, except in porn, and the real-life sight was considerably more appealing. Mike turned to speak to me.
"If you're not using the other end, I think I'll just help myself."
I wasn't quite sure what he meant at first, but a second later it became perfectly clear. Mike stood up and quickly shed his trunks. I hadn't noticed it before, but he had actually been stroking himself under the table for the last minute or so. He stood on the other side of the table and aimed his cock squarely at Ashley's experienced lips. Soon he was thrusting in and out of her mouth.
Without even meaning to I found myself stroking my dick. The sight of Ashley poked from either end by two of my very good friends was a bit overwhelming – but also, of course, extremely hot. She genuinely seemed to enjoy it, as well, rocking on the table with each thrust and moaning around Mike's cock. Jake was pounding her hard from behind, shaking the rickety table every time he drove his dick home. I realized Ashley was having an orgasm – it was the same shaking, the same moaning, as when I had licked her to a climax. Jake and Mike, however, seemed to take no account of the storm raging in Ashley's body, continuing to fuck her – fucking her harder, faster, all the time. A few minutes had passed, and Jake was evidently nearing the end.
"Ahhhhh!" Jake moaned.
His face was contorted in pleasure. He drove his cock into Ashley's body down to the hilt. His knees shook. Another first: I'd never seen another man coming before – again, at least not in porn. When he was finished he drew his glistening and half-hard cock from her pussy.
"She's all yours man," he said, gesturing to Ashley's gorgeous ass.
Mike was still hard at work thrusting his cock down her throat.
"Yeah, man, why not? Look at that fucking pussy and tell me you don't wanna fuck the living shit out of it."
He was right of course. My cock was already pulsing in my hand. But I still felt a little weird about doing it in front of others.
"It won't bite, man," Jake said. "We're all friends. We don't give a fuck if we see your dick."
I hesitated a second more. But I couldn't resist for long.
"Yeah, why not?" I said.
I stood up and dropped my trunks. My cock swung straight out into the air.
"Shit, man!" exclaimed Jake. "I didn't know you were so big. You make me jealous!"
I was feeling a little more confident now.
"You should be," I said, smiling. "I'm gonna show this girl what a real man feels like."
I stood behind Ashley and drove my cock into Ashley's well-lubricated slit. Even wet as it was it took a second to slide in all the way. I heard an audible gasp escape Ashley's lips.
"She loves it!" Jake yelled. "Fuck her, Nick!"
And indeed I did. Only a couple hours after her blowjob I felt an intense need to come again – indeed, a need that had been building to almost the breaking point as I watched Ashley squirming under the ministrations of my two friends. I watched Mike as he stuck his cock down her mouth – Ashley, caught between our cocks, was completely at our mercy. It turned me on beyond all belief. Much as I wanted to prolong my (and her) pleasure, I knew I wouldn't be able to last long.
At least I lasted longer than Mike, though. Only a minute or so after I plowed my way into her pussy I heard Mike moaning from Ashley's other side, and I knew he was coming in her mouth. Ashley – who was of course well-practiced in swallowing semen – took his orgasm in stride, swallowing each drop of cum as it spurted from his cock. He pulled away. Suddenly I was the last one, ramming Ashley from behind over the tabletop while my two friends watched.
"Fuck me, Nick!" Ashley screamed from her newly freed lips. "Oh God, fuck me!"
I pounded away at her tight eighteen-year-old pussy.
"Big enough for you, Ashley?" Jake asked.
"Oh God yes!" she moaned in reply.
She was shaking on the table. My cock was evidently doing its duty: another orgasm was welling up in her.
"Ahh, ohhh, ahhh!" she screamed.
Ashley moaned and gripped the edge of the table with both hands.
"She's coming, Nick!" Mike said.
So was I. Her orgasm pushed me irrevocably over the edge. I gave up all control.
"Ohhhh, fuuuuuck. . ." I moaned.
My cock burst inside her. A flow of cum spurted into her pussy, adding even more lubrication for my final few strokes. Ashley shook as I drove the last few strokes deep into her body. Finally I slipped away. She was still slumped over the table.
"Wow," Mike said. "Not bad."
"Not bad at all," Ashley replied, smiling.
. . .
Jake and Mike both had to leave soon afterwards. Ashley, however, invited me to stay the night, and I was quite eager to accept. Of course it would require a tiny amount of deceit to work.
"Mike?" I said.
"Yeah?"
"I'm gonna call my parents and tell them I'm staying over at your place. Can you cover for me if they call?"
"Sure, Nick."
"Thanks."
I made the call, and a few minutes later Jake and Mike were out the door and on the road. Ashley and I hopped in bed – by this point neither of us felt terribly ashamed about sleeping naked together.
"Had a fun day?" she asked.
"Yeah. A lot of fun. Wasn't exactly how I expected it to turn out, though."
"Better or worse?"
"Better. Much better."
"I thought so."
She rolled over in the bed and looked at me. Her blue eyes were especially pretty in the glint of the streetlight pouring through the window.
"I want to learn more about you, Nick."
"What do you want to know?"
"For one thing, I want to learn more about your sex life. Do you mind?"
"No."
"Okay. When did you lose your virginity?"
"About eight months ago. To Mandy – Mandy Skellings."
"She's cute."
"Yeah."
"What's the wildest thing you've ever done?"
I thought a second.
"I don't know. I'm not really all that wild a guy. What I did tonight, I guess – on the table."
She giggled.
"Yeah, that was pretty hot," she said.
"What about you?" I said. "What's the wildest thing you've done?"
"I don't know. I've done too many wild things. And I expect to do a lot more."
We were silent for a minute.
"How many people have you had sex with?" she asked.
"Counting you? Six, I guess."
"In eight months? That's not bad."
"What about you?"
"Too many to count." She laughed. "Well, if you count oral sex, at least."
I blushed a little.
"I feel a little ashamed asking this," I said, "but I kinda want you to tell me about that. You know, behind the gym and everything."
She smiled.
"It's pretty simple, really. I like sucking cock – like, pathologically. I guess it's probably some sort of disorder. Maybe they'll cure me someday."
"You're not afraid of getting, um, you know, catching something. . ."
"STD's? Yeah, I thought of that a lot. That's one reason I just sucked cocks instead of actually fucking them."
"But you can catch stuff that way too. Speaking of which, we didn't use a condom, did we?"
"No, I'm on the pill. Can't stand condoms. Anyway, yeah, you can catch stuff giving blowjobs. But I generally had a pretty regular crowd and I would have heard about it quick if anyone got, like, a disease. Still, when it comes down to it I guess I was just lucky. I know for sure I'm clean, in case you were worried. But I really was pretty stupid. Funny, it was only a couple months ago but it feels so far away."
"You regret it?"
She looked at the ceiling.
"No, not exactly. But it was stupid. It was really just like a kind of a rebellion, I guess."
"Against who?"
"My parents – they don't let me go on dates, you know. And my life, in general. I don't really like this town. It's so provincial. That's why I'm so glad to be going off to college – to New York."
"I'll miss you," I said.
She laughed.
"That's sweet, Nick, but you hardly know me. Maybe by the end of the summer you'll have the right to miss me."
There was a pause.
"Can I show you something, Nick?" she asked.
"Sure."
She got up and leaned down under the bed. After a minute of reaching under the mattress she finally pulled out a large army-green metal box with a small padlock around the latch. She unlocked it.
"I've never shown this to anyone," she said. "But I heard you were into photography."
She opened the box. One side of the box was filled with a bunch of videotapes, each one labeled with a date and a name – some of them, multiple names. The other side was stacked almost to the brim with Polaroid photos – I couldn't see what they are because they had been placed black side up. She pulled out a pile of photos. I gasped as she turned them over.
"I love my Polaroid camera," she said. "Don't need to take in the film, don't need to let any nosy developers see what you're taking pictures of."
The first picture was of a girl – it was Ashley, I realized with a start – on her bed, naked, legs spread. Her left hand was driving a dildo up her pussy, while the other held a camera. I realized it was a photo of a mirror – the same mirror, in fact, that was just a few feet away at the foot of the bed.
"What do you think?" she said.
"I. . . I don't really know."
She flipped through the photos. Each one showed her naked on the bed, each in a slightly different pose, as she worked her pussy alternately with the dildo and her fingers.
"Here's another series," she said.
The next photo showed her, again, but this time outside on the deck of her house – apparently she'd taken the initiative of transporting her mirror outside. The first shot was a remarkable feat of photographic composition: the right side of the picture showed the crowded beach, while the left was almost entirely filled by the mirror reflecting a view straight up her skirt to her fully-visible pussy. The next few pictures were variations on the same scene.
"I'm a little bit of an exhibitionist, if you couldn't tell," she said.
"Yeah. . ." I didn't really know what to say.
"And here's a little experiment I did just the other day," she said, flipping to a new series of photos.
I gasped. They were pictures of her seen from behind as she was on all-fours on the bed, taken under her body and through her legs to catch the reflection in the mirror. She was holding the dildo, again, but this time pressed it against the tight little bud of her anus. The next photo showed it just barely slipping in; in the next, it was buried a few inches into her ass.
"I've never had anal sex," she said. "I wanted to see what it felt like. And what it looked like, too."
"Did you like it?" I managed to ask.
"Uh huh."
She took away the photos and put them back in the box.
"Those are just a few examples," she said. "But I want to show you some more stuff."
She glanced over the videotapes in the box and pulled one out. It was marked "Jake, 4/24."
"Watch," she said.
Ashley popped the tape into the VCR. A little static, and then an image flickered on the screen. I recognized the room – it was the same room in which we were at that very moment. A few seconds passed with only the empty bed in view. Then, suddenly, two shapes tumbled onto the mattress. I recognized them as Ashley and Jake – both of them naked.
"Normally, I listen to these with headphones," Ashley said. "But since my parents are gone I guess it doesn't matter."
On the screen, Jake started fucking Ashley. They were both moaning as he pounded her into the bed.
"But – why?" I asked, turning to her.
"Why do I make these tapes? I'm not sure. It turns me on. I like seeing myself, I guess – it brings back memories."
"I bet," I said.
I was feeling increasingly aroused – understandably, of course, given the nature of the little picture show Ashley was giving me.
"Here's another one," Ashley said.
She pulled out another tape and put it on. Again I recognized the setting: the corridor behind the gym. Ashley was kneeling on the ground; a few boys (five, once I bothered to count) were circled around her. She soon got to work sucking one, then another, then another, going between each of them, taking each of their hard shafts in her mouth in turn. Apparently she'd managed to set up a camera before her regulars arrived.
"Last time you didn't stay long enough to get a good idea of what it's really like," she said.
I looked at the screen. Each of the boys on the screen had his cock in his hands. One of them, I noticed, was my friend Brian – the same Brian whom I'd witnessed receiving the same services on the last day of school.
"Wait," I said, lost for words. "I mean, how? . ."
"How did I do it? There's a little hole in the wall at this one point behind the gym – that's why I always went to that same place. But most of the time I use a different technique. Here, let's watch another tape."
She sat up, reached around the mirror at the foot of the bed, and pulled out from behind it, as if by magic, a video camera. She extracted a tape from the camera and placed it in the VCR, returning the other tape to its place in the box. The screen showed her empty bedroom.
"Oh, let's skip the boring part," she said.
Ashley pressed fast-forward. In a minute two shapes zipped into the frame. After another minute of fast-forwarding Ashley pressed the play button. A man was lying back on the bed. A woman was giving him head. I realized with a shock the man was me, and the woman Ashley.
"You recorded that!" I cried.
"Uh huh." She smiled. "I try to record everything, actually. I usually set up a camera behind that two-way mirror over there. It's too bad I couldn't get a camera set up in the dining room before, well. . . you know. That would've been hot."
My own moans were emanating from the television. On the screen we'd switched to the sixty-nine position – from the camera's viewpoint I could clearly see my own tongue as it lapped her pussy. Ashley looked into my eyes.
"You're the first person I've ever showed any of this to."
"Not even Jake or Mike?" I asked.
"No, of course not!"
"So why me?"
She leaned back in the bed.
"I don't know. You're different, somehow. I feel like I can trust you."
. . .
We went to sleep without having sex – somewhat to my relief, in fact, since I figured allowing myself a little breathing room would likely improve my performance later on. In the morning I woke up in her arms. The air was already warm, but light was only just beginning to creep in through the window: both Ashley and I, it turned out, were habitual early risers. I put my trunks back on – still the only article of clothing I had with me – while Ashley rather informally put on a pair of pajama pants (light blue background with a red strawberry pattern – very cute) and an old t-shirt. We got up and fixed ourselves a little breakfast.
"So are you glad you got to know me?" Ashley asked.
"Very. In fact, I hope to get to know you a lot better."
"I hope to get to know you better, too."
I looked through the sliding glass doors to the beach. Gentle waves, their crests just barely edged with silver by the morning light, broke against the deserted beach.
"This is a beautiful place," I said.
"Yeah. It's one of the few perks of living with my parents, I guess."
She looked out at the water. A single bird was gliding through the trough between two waves; otherwise, however, the scene was perfectly still and silent.
"Do you want to take a walk on the beach?" Ashley asked.
"Sure."
We walked along the dunes with the ocean to our left. Ashley pulled up her pajamas to keep the bottoms from getting sandy. There were houses to our right, but each we passed was dark and motionless.
"There's not a soul in sight," I said.
"It's always like that this time in the morning. That's why I like taking walks now. Later on there's no privacy."
"You didn't strike me as a girl who put too much value on privacy."
"In certain circumstances, I do. Like, for instance, if I wanted to do this."
We stopped walking. She turned to me and wrapped her arms around my waist. We embraced slowly. Her lips met mine, and I closed my eyes. We kissed as the waves broke behind us. I melted into the soft warmth of her mouth. After a minute we parted.
"Or this," she said.
She pulled up her shirt – pulled it up over her head and dropped it to the ground. Her perky tits, topped by the little light pink buds of her nipples, bounced into the open air. As we kissed again I brought my hands to her chest, feeling the soft but shapely mound of her breasts. Her nipples slipped through the gaps between my fingers. After a minute of kissing she pulled back again.
"Or this," she said.
Ashley slipped down onto her knees. Her fingers went to the waist of my trunks – they were already stretched tight by the bulge between my legs. She pulled it down and freed my pulsing cock.
"I wouldn't want the neighbors to see me doing this," she said.
Ashley gently stroked my cock, rousing it to fullest size and hardness. Her lips wrapped around the shaft.
"Ooooo. . ." I cooed.
She started sucking me, delivering one of her divine blowjobs. To my right I could see a row of dark houses, to my left the ocean. No one, as far as I could tell, to witness the sublime sight of Ashley's lips sliding along my shaft. But the excitement of knowing that, at any moment, we could be glimpsed, even interrupted, was enough to excite me all the more. I remembered the feeling I'd had when I first saw Ashley sucking cock behind the gym. I was nearly bursting with desire.
"Wait," I said.
I pulled out, then pushed Ashley onto her back in the sand.
"I wanna fuck you," I said.
She smiled. I fell down into the dune after her. She squirmed as I nearly ripped her pajama pants off her body. I fell on top of her and took one of her nipples between my lips. For a minute I only licked her tits. But my desire was too great to delay for long. Soon I pressed the head of my cock against the slit of her pussy. I kissed her as it pushed open her lips. I could feel her gasping in pleasure even as our mouths were pressed together.
Ashley was already wet. I let our lips part; as soon as I did she cried out in pleasure. I rammed my dick deep down inside her, penetrating until the balls were pressed against her ass. She screamed again.
"Oh, fuck me Nick! Fuck me!"
I pounded her into the sand. She wrapped her legs around my hips, pulling me into her. With each stroke I buried my cock to the hilt in her steaming hot pussy. Her breasts shook in time with each of my strokes.
"God, you're so fucking tight. . ." I said.
"Harder! Fuck me harder, Nick!"
I slammed her dripping pussy. She seemed to like talking dirty.
"I love fucking you," I said. "I love fucking you because you're such a fucking slut! You're a slut, aren't you?"
"Yes!"
"You like my cock up your pussy?" (For extra emphasis I drove my dick all the way into her on both the words "cock" and "pussy.")
"Yes!"
She was panting. Her fingers dug into my back.
"Are you gonna come?"
"Yes!"
She screamed, and no sooner had I asked the question than I knew the response. She squirmed beneath me, her tight body quivering on my dick, screams of pleasure echoing from her lips into the morning air. I sped up my strokes, intensifying her orgasm while simultaneously pushing inexorably to my own. No sooner had Ashley's ecstasy ended than mine came.
"Ohhhhh, fuck. . ." I moaned.
Ripples of ecstasy radiated from my cock through my body. My cum spurted into Ashley's soft, accepting body. The dunes seemed to vibrate, my vision blurred by the paroxysms of pleasure. When it was over I pulled away. Ashley was still panting in the sand. Her breasts heaved on her chest. We lay in the sand a few minutes without speaking.
"Wow," she said. "I didn't know you were so aggressive."
"Apparently I can be, if sufficiently motivated."
I found my trunks and put them back on. Ashley pulled her pajama pants from the ground. She held them up to the light. A cascade of glittering grains fell from the fabric.
"So much for keeping these from getting all sandy," she said.
. . .
Ashley and I hung out a lot after that. And, of course, hanging out more often than not involved making out, and more. Ashley gave me some of her Polaroids and told me I could show Julia, if I wanted. I did, so Julia became the second person in the world to be privy to Ashley's photographic fixation. I also kept Julia updated on everything Ashley and I did together, per the agreement we had reached about a month and a half earlier: we agreed we weren't dating, and thus weren't monogamous, but we had to tell each other everything. Julia, in fact, took quite an interest in my exploits with Ashley, often being so aroused by my accounts that she would interrupt me in mid-story to fuck. Not that I minded the interruption, of course. (One should also remember that, although Ashley was at this time the most frequent object of my desires, Julia retained, and always has retained, a very special place in my heart. If I ever get around to it, I might write a bit more on this curious friendship of ours.)
Anyway, to get back to the main current of my story, Ashley and I developed a close friendship over the next few weeks – a friendship with benefits, as they say. I also discovered a certain complexity in Ashley's sexual tastes. She was a slut, no doubt, but in fact a fairly discerning one; there were certain types of people (I was one of them, thank God) and certain situations that turned her on beyond all belief; others, by contrast, left her cold. Nothing, for instance, seemed to arouse her more than the prospect of (at least potential) visibility, either by strangers, friends, or merely herself (by means of her two-way mirror and trusty video camera). Ashley and I became, in effect, amateur pornstars – though the finished product, of course, was purely for our own enjoyment. Sometimes we used my camera. I made a lot of home movies at the time -- "Whistler Productions," I called it – but with Ashley I found a whole new reason to renew my love of cinema. The tapes, though, always ended up in Ashley's big green lockbox. Sometimes she didn't even bother to watch the videos before recording over them: the fact of being recorded was a turn-on in itself.
Not all our escapades were so hermetic, however. About three weeks after hooking up for the first time, Ashley and I went to the mall, ostensibly to find birthday presents for a mutual friend of ours. Ashley was wearing a tight tan t-shirt (from some obscure indie band, I believe – she was oddly knowledgeable when it came to music, and introduced me to a lot of good stuff) and a floppy little peach-colored skirt. I, as was usual, was dressed in jeans and a t-shirt (light blue, the same color as the sky).
We slipped into a bookstore. Ashley smiled at me devilishly.
"Feel these," she said.
Ashley cupped her breasts in her hands. We were near the back of the store, between two high shelves of fiction. I looked both ways before reaching out to grasp her tits.
"No bra?" I said.
"No bra. And look at this."
Ashley flipped up the hem of her denim dress, just ever so briefly. But it was enough for me to glimpse the lips of her shaved pussy.
"No panties either?" I asked.
"Nope."
Now that I knew, of course, it seemed obvious Ashley wasn't wearing any underwear. I noticed the little bumps of her nipples pressing against the fabric of her shirt as soon as we'd met up; now that I looked again it was clear there weren't any visible bra or pantie lines showing through the thin fabric. Looking down at her skirt again I noticed a glow of light just visible between her legs – the fabric was just slightly sheer, and even if nobody else in the mall realized it the thought that her naked pussy was showing through was enough to make me hard.
"I thought we could have some fun today," Ashley said.
We kissed in the back of the bookstore before leaving to walk through the mall. The hem of Ashley's skirt was only about halfway down her thigh – the knowledge that at any moment a little breeze might flip it up and expose her naked ass and pussy to the world excited me all the more.
"This is making me pretty fucking horny," Ashley said.
"Me too."
We were getting hungry, so after a few more minutes of shopping we sat down at the food court.
"Watch this, Ashley said."
She glanced over at a young man (our age, probably) sitting a couple tables away. Ashley faced him in the chair and started spreading her legs. I couldn't believe she was doing this. As her pussy slowly came into view she merely sipped on her Coke, absentmindedly looking the other direction.
"Is he watching?" she whispered.
"No, I don't – wait. He turned his head. Yeah, he's watching."
Ashley glanced over. The guy's mouth was hanging open, his eyes glued between Ashley's legs. I thought I could even make out a bulge in his pants.
"God, this is getting me so hot," Ashley said.
"Do you want to go over there?"
"I don't know. . . I kinda want to suck his cock."
"You better decide quick. You can't keep your legs spread forever. Someone might see."
"Someone is seeing."
"I mean like a cop or something."
"Yeah, I guess you're right."
She reluctantly brought her legs back together.
"Feel my pussy," she said.
"What, right here?"
"Yeah, just real quick."
I glanced around. Nobody seemed to be looking. I quickly darted my hand under her skirt, then pulled it away. My fingers were glistening.
"Dripping wet," I said.
"God, I need to get fucked so bad. Let's go, Nick."
Ashley suddenly jumped up.
"Where are we going?" I asked.
"I don't know – Macy's, I guess. Lord, I'm horny."
I ran after her. She held my hand as we raced through the mall. We hurried up the escalator to the women's clothing department. Without even looking to see if they were her size Ashley grabbed some jeans off a rack. We headed to the fitting rooms. As soon as it seemed nobody was looking, we jumped inside and locked the door.
"Fuck me, Nick. I can't wait any longer."
I unzipped my pants and pulled out my stiff cock. Ashley flipped up her skirt. Her dripping wet pussy was exposed to my assault.
"Now, Nick! I can't wait any longer!"
I pinned her to the wall of the fitting room and kissed her. Lifting her ass up against the wall, I guided my cock to the entrance of her body with my hand. I rammed it in.
"Ah!!!" she gasped.
She slid down onto my raging dick. I bounced her against the back of the room. She wrapped her legs around my waist, putting all her weight on me and the wall.
"Yes, yes, yes, yes. . ." she moaned.
"Oh fuck yeah. . ." I moaned. "Take it all up your pussy!"
"Yes!"
I pounded her. Her pussy juices dripped down onto my balls. I pushed her t-shirt up over her tits, then licked the nipples as she moaned in ecstasy.
"Fuck me! Fuck me! Ah, ah, ahhh!" she said, halfway between a whisper and a scream.
I could tell she was having an orgasm. By now I didn't care much whether other shoppers heard us. I was too caught up in the moment. Not too long after Ashley's orgasm I felt my balls tighten up.
"Ohhh, ahhhh. . ." I moaned.
My cock twitched. Ashley bounced on my dick, squeezing out waves of cum. The sweeping pleasure of orgasm warmed my body. I pinned Ashley against the wall as the last spurts flowed into her tight little pussy.
"God that was good," Ashley said. "Quick, but fucking good."
"Satisfied?" I asked.
"Yeah. Enough for now, anyway."
I zipped my pants up as soon as my waning erection would let me. Ashley only needed to flip down the hem of her skirt and it was as if nothing had happened – except, of course, for the tell-tale line of cum seeping down her inner thigh almost to her knees.
"Oops," she said, wiping it up with one of the pairs of pants she'd brought in.
Ashley peaked out the door, waiting until the coast was clear for both of us to scurry out.
"You think anyone heard us?" I asked.
"I don't know. I don't think I care."
We walked out the store. As luck would have it, we met Julia and Brian (the same Julia and the same Brian who have appeared, if only obliquely, a few times before in my tale) down by the entrance. I never failed to be stunned by Julia's beauty, and even so soon after fucking Ashley I felt a rising tide of desire as I saw first glimpsed her. She was wearing a very pretty blue and white floral summer dress – she looked especially graceful in a dress, and I was glad she was fond of wearing them – and had on little blue glass spiral earrings.
The four of us agreed to see a movie. Only, of course, we hadn't thought what movie to watch. When we got to the theater it turned out the only movie playing at that time that we even remotely wanted to see was a two-month old action film none of us had bothered to see when it opened. But we paid for our tickets anyway and headed to the theater.
"So, what have you guys been up to?" Brian asked.
"Just trying to find presents for Marc," Ashley said.
"Yeah, us too. Did you find anything?"
"No."
"Neither did we."
Brian looked a little pleased with himself, as if there was something he wasn't saying that he wanted us to ask about. Julia, thankfully, stepped in to clarify the matter.
"Actually, we had sex in one of the bathrooms," she said, nonchalantly.
"Funny, we had sex in a fitting room," I said.
"I guess that explains why none of us had time to buy anything," Julia replied.
The four of us laughed. It was nice to have a group of friends who were so sexually open to one another. It made me feel at ease.
I should say a word about Brian. He was a very nice fellow, even chivalrous, but horny as a cat in heat. He thought very highly of himself, and especially of his appeal to the opposite sex – fortunately for him this confidence had a fairly firm basis in reality. He could be a little self-centered at times, but endearingly so: he never did anything so bad as to make anyone genuinely angry. Julia and him had hooked up after a party about three weeks before; since then I'd become used to her telling me the sordid details of their encounters. Brian, like Ashley, seemed to have a thing for public places. He had dark brown hair, like mine only a little shorter, and was of rather average (though appealing) build.
Anyway, to return to the matter at hand. The screen flickered to life. I sat with Julia on my right and Ashley on my left, while Brian was on her left at the end. The theater was almost deserted except for a couple old folks down about six or seven rows in front of us. The seats were the kind with the armrests you can flip up (as we did) so the seats become continuous. The previews ended and the feature itself got underway. I can't say I was terribly fascinated by the movie, but I barely managed to pay attention as it rolled by.
"Look," Julia whispered to me.
She pointed at Brian. Ashley, I realized, had her left hand down his pants – apparently quite to his pleasure, by the expression on his face.
"She doesn't play hard to get, does she?" Julia chuckled.
"Certainly not," I responded.
Seeing Ashley's fingers slide under the waist of Brian's jeans was enough to stir my cock from its slumber. When I saw her slowly unzip his pants it practically jumped upright. Ashley turned to Julia and I.
"Do you mind if I give him a blowjob right now?" she asked, smiling.
"No, not at all," I said.
"Sure," Julia said. "As long as I get to watch."
Ashley turned her attentions back to Brian. She'd freed his dick from the confines of his pants. It stood up at nearly vertical between his slightly parted legs.
"Mmmm. . ." Ashley said.
She licked her lips, then lowered herself down to Brian's lap. I could just barely see her lips graze the tip of his cock before she engulfed it, blocking my view. She leaned over on the seat to get a better angle, raising her ass from the cushion so that it was just inches from me. Brian made discrete little sounds as Ashley went to work. Julia and I watched intently.
"Look at this," I said.
I flipped up Ashley's skirt. Her pussy was exposed, naked, shaved, and just slightly wet.
"No panties!" Julia whispered.
"Nope."
"Finger her," said Julia, excitedly.
I was about to propose precisely the same course of action. As she filled her mouth with Brian's cock, I traced the lips of her pussy with my right index finger. With my left hand I pulled apart her ass cheeks. She was getting moister with every touch. Her mouth was lowered over Brian's lap.
"God, she's good at this," Brian said.
"Yeah, I know," I replied.
"You like sucking my dick, huh?" he said, looking down at his lap.
"She can't talk, man," I said.
"Just as well. I already know she does anyway."
I twirled my finger through the lips of Ashley's soft little pussy. When I just barely tapped her clit she shuddered with pleasure. Julia's eyes flitted between watching Brian's cock in Ashley's mouth and my fingers on her pussy. For a minute she seemed entranced by the sight of Ashley's blowjob.
"That looks fun," Julia said.
Her hand went to my crotch. A little less than surprised, though thoroughly pleased, by this latest turn of events, I shifted in the seat to give her better access to my zipper. Her fingers soon found my stiffening package. In a moment my cock, like Brian's, was jutting out from my jeans.
"I've never given a blowjob in a theater," she said.
Julia leaned down. Her lips slipped over the head of my cock. The soft warmth of her mouth enveloped me.
"Oh wow. . ." I said.
Even as Julia started licking I kept fingering Ashley. My cock, Julia's face, and Ashley's ass were all just inches apart.
"She sucking you off, dude?" Brian asked.
"Yeah."
"Fuck yeah. Blowjobs for everyone."
I rolled Ashley's clit between my thumb and index finger. She bucked on the seat with the intense pleasure my attentions produced. The old couple down in front were still watching the movie, completely unaware of the debauchery unfolding behind them. I tried to keep silent as Julia's tongue danced along my shaft. Looking to my side, I noticed she'd slipped her right hand down under the hem of her dress and seemed to be rubbing herself. Ashley's pussy was slick and warm under my fingers.
Julia raised her head. I was a little disappointed that she'd stopped, but figured she probably had another idea in mind. As, indeed, she did.
"I want to see you fuck Ashley," she said.
"What?" I whispered. "Right here, in the theater?"
"Yeah. Just try not to make too much noise."
"Do it, man," Brian pitched in. "You know she wants it."
Ashley, for her part, said nothing one way or the other, though given that her mouth was presently stuffed full of Brian's cock I hardly expected her to. But I took her silence to be an implicit acceptance. I shifted myself around on the seat and raised Ashley's ass. Once she was ready for my perusal I pushed my cock in.
"Oooo!" Julia exclaimed.
I started pumping Ashley from behind. The sensations rippling from my cock and from there throughout my body severely taxed my ability to remain silent. Meanwhile, Julia still masturbbated as she watched me fuck Ashley.
"God that's hot," Julia said. "Fuck her, Nick!"
I turned to whisper to Ashley.
"Julia's watching, Ashley," I said. "She's fingering herself."
"Oh, fuck, I'm gonna come," Brian moaned, trying, unsuccessfully, to keep it to a whisper.
I sped up my strokes, hoping to give Ashley just a little extra pleasure as Brian shot off in her mouth. Her own sounds of pleasure were just barely audible around his cock.
"Ohhhhh, yeah. . ." Brian moaned.
I could tell he was emptying his load of cum down Ashley's throat. I could also tell Ashley herself was nearing a climax. She rocked against me, pushing my cock all the way into her. I felt my entire shaft enveloped in her tight, warm body, the head gripped by the pleasing pressure exerted by the deepest reaches of her pussy.
"Jesus. . ." gasped Brian.
He pulled his cock from Ashley's mouth. The wet shaft glinted in the dark of the theater. As soon as his cock was out Ashley's moans escaped.
"Mmmm, mmmm, ahhhh. . ." she said.
"Fuck her hard," Julia whispered, between her own gasps of pleasure. "She's gonna come!"
And, indeed, she did. As my cock slammed her gorgeous body she exploded into orgasm. She moaned even loader.
"Shhh!" Brian hissed.
Ashley did her best to stifle the sounds of her pleasure, but to little avail. Julia furiously fingered herself as she watched. I felt the muscles of Ashley's pussy spasming, constricting around my dick. I was sure that any minute I'd come inside her, but Ashley seemed to have different plans. Only moments after her orgasm was over, she suddenly pulled herself off me.
"I wanna suck you," she said.
"Me too," said Julia.
Faster than I could say "hell yes" the two girls had spun around and had their mouths plastered along my shaft. Ashley dipped down to lick my balls while Julia circled the tip with her tongue. Julia, meanwhile, was still fingering herself.
"Unnnhhh. . ." I said.
My legs went limp. All I could do was sit back and enjoy the oral skills of the two lovely ladies tonguing my cock. Both of them licked up and down the shaft, sometimes ringing the head, other times running laps around my balls. I couldn't take it much longer. Soon I felt the cum cascading from my balls, through my cock, and out into Julia's mouth. As I shot off between Julia's lips Ashley sucked my balls, milking every drop of my sticky cum. The pleasure was so intense I could hardly breathe.
When it was over Julia looked up and smiled at me. She licked her lips.
"Wow, that was fun," she said.
"Yeah," I gasped.
The movie was still going. In the heat of passion I'd nearly forgotten where I was. The old couple down below was either deaf or tactful in the extreme – I found it difficult to believe they hadn't noticed the goings on just a few seats behind them. I zipped up my pants. If anyone had just walked in the theater it would have seemed like nothing at all had happened.
"Well, now we know how to make the best time of a shitty movie," Brian said.
. . .
Brian had to go home, but Julia and I decided to go back with Ashley to her house on the beach, Julia following Ashley and I in her own car. I need not mention, of course, that I thoroughly enjoyed remaining in the company of the two prettiest girls I knew. Ashley's parents were in the living room watching TV. Ashley seemed to think they were monsters; they didn't seem all that bad to me, though they were a little overbearing. Seeing her interact with her mom and dad, however, gave me an interesting insight into her personality. She was scrupulously demure, even quite polite, really – the same Ashley I knew from school days. I sensed, though, that the niceness wasn't a facade, or even the result of a conscious effort on her part, even when she was feeding her parents outright lies. She really was a genuinely nice girl – a nice girl who happened to enjoy sex far more than her parents thought appropriate. She had an odd kind of innocence to her sluttiness.
We sat on the deck, looking out at the ocean as the sun began to set. The temperature was most pleasant at around this time of day. Ashley got us sodas – I would have preferred a little liquor, but with parents around I figured it was imprudent to ask.
"Tomorrow's Saturday, right?" Julia said.
"Yeah," I said.
"We should do something. Like a party, you know."
"My parents are going to the opera tomorrow," Ashley said. "They'll be gone till, like, almost midnight."
"That's cool," Julia said. "You should invite some people over."
Ashley nodded in agreement. We sipped our drinks. Julia looked over her shoulder.
"You know, I've never done any sort of group thing before," Julia said. "I wasn't really expecting – well, like, what happened in the theater."
"Did you like it?" Ashley asked.
"Yeah. It was really exciting."
"So you'd want to try it again."
"Definitely."
Ashley smiled.
"How about tomorrow?" she asked.
"The sooner the better," Julia responded.
"How about you, Nick?"
"Yeah, I'm down."
"Cool," Ashley said. "I'll see what I can arrange." She paused. "Oh, and Nick – I'd like it if you brought your video camera."
. . .
Julia and I left at about nine that evening. She picked me up drove towards my house (at eighteen I still didn't have a car, or even a license – it was one reason I was so dependent on Julia). Even at that hour, in southern California in the summertime, the sky remains pretty light and the air warm. Julia turned down my street.
"Excited?" she asked.
"About tomorrow? Yeah."
"Me too."
"I didn't think you were, like, in to that sort of thing," I said.
"I didn't either. But. . . well, I guess I might be. Anyway, I want to find out."
"Me too. Hey, we're here."
Ashley glided to a stop in front of my house. Electric light emanated from the kitchen window, but nobody was visible inside.
"You know, I got kinda jealous of Ashley," Julia said. "I mean, how she had you and Brian fucking her at the same time."
"That was hot?"
"Oh yeah. It was a lot of fun giving you a blowjob, but I kinda wish I'd made you turn around and fuck me right then in the theater. I could have used another good fuck today."
"There's still time, you know."
Julia giggled.
"Yeah. And I really want it. But I was thinking it might be better to save myself up for tomorrow night."
I, and my hardening cock, had a strong desire criticize Julia's dubious logic. But before I could think of something to say she spoke again.
"But that doesn't mean we can't do anything right now," she said.
Julia unbuckled her seatbelt and bent over to me.
"Zip, zip," she whispered.
Her fingers went to my jeans. In a moment her hands had extracted my bulging member from its denim prison. She stroked it gingerly.
"This is just a preview, remember," Julia said.
She lowered her mouth over my cock. Her lips slipped over the engorged head. Julia licked circles around the tip before opening wider to take in more of the shaft.
"Ohhhhh. . ." I mumbled.
Julia couldn't match Ashley in technique, but she made up for it in enthusiasm. She bobbed her head in my lap, taking in as much of my cock into her mouth as she could. I hoped nobody from inside my house would think to look out the window – I certainly didn't need my parents to catch me with my dick down a girl's throat. The excitement of knowing that it could very well happen, however, only added to my pleasure.
"Oh yeah, suck it. . ." I said.
Julia, of course, was doing exactly that, and quite well. Her mouth engulfed me almost entirely – even Ashley couldn't suck me any deeper. When she pushed as much of me into her as she could, her lips nearly grazed my balls. I could never figure out how she did it – certainly I couldn't imagine fitting anything that big that deep in my mouth. But then again, I'd never tried it.
"Oh fuck. . ." I gasped.
Julia massaged my balls with her left hand as she sucked me off. I felt like I was going to explode any second. But just before I knew I would feel the rush and warmth of oncoming orgasm Julia unexpectedly drew her head away. She smiled. I was distraught.
"Not tonight," she said, coyly.
"But –"
"I want you to save it for tomorrow. So you'll be plenty horny when it really counts."
O, cruel fate! I tried to chuckle it off. But my cock was still hard. Julia looked pretty firm in her resolve not to pleasure me any more, raging dick aside. I hoped it wouldn't take too long to soften up – I certainly didn't want to be stranded outside my house with an undying boner.
"Yeah, I guess that makes sense," I said.
"Sure it does. And I promise Ashley and I will make up for it. Ready to go?"
"Give me a minute."
I felt a little embarrassed leaving my useless shaft jutting out from between my legs (even in front of Julia, who'd seen more of my cock than everyone else I knew combined), but there really wasn't anything to be done until it softened up a little. Finally I was able to slip it into my pants without the bulge being flagrantly obvious to the casual observer. I stepped out of the car.
"Bye," I said.
"Bye. See you tomorrow night."
I shut the door. Julia drove off into the darkening street.
. . .
Julia and I arrived at Ashley's house at about nine. We were the first to arrive. Ashley greeted us at the door. She was dressed in a nice pair of rather short shorts and a t-shirt (no underwear, I presumed), and gave me a cute little peck on the cheek that seemed a might modest considering the nastiness I knew her to be capable of – especially in light of the fact that her explicit plan for the evening was to get herself fucked harder than she ever had in her life. Julia, for her part, was wearing a sunny floral print skirt and a tank-top (I knew for certain she wasn't wearing any underwear, since she'd quite obligingly invited me to feel her up during the ride over). I brought my camcorder, tucked under my arms, per Ashley's request.
"Parents gone?" I asked.
"Uh huh," Ashley said. "About an hour ago."
"Who else is coming?"
"Jake, Brian, and Mike."
"A bevy of boys," Julia remarked.
"Yep," smiled Ashley. "It should be fun. Of course they don't know what's in store for them yet. I figured a sneak attack would be a better tactic."
"So seduction, then?" Julia said.
Ashley giggled.
"I don't think they'll need much seducing. But if you want to call it that, sure."
Ashley led us into the living room. A big sofa was lined up parallel to the wall; behind it was a little wooden end table with a single drawer and a nice lamp on top. Opposite the couch was a cabinet for the TV and, on either side, glass cabinets full of books and bric-a-brac. The Sweet family, I gathered, had a thing for cheesy little porcelain knicknacks. I didn't fail to notice, however, a large mirror placed, not on the wall, but actually inside of one of the cabinets. It was Ashley's two-way mirror, naturally, and it didn't take long for me to figure out what it was doing there.
"I think I got a pretty good angle of the couch," Ashley said. "I tested it out earlier, and the framing is good. As long as we can keep the action right there, at least."
"And my camera?" I said.
"I was thinking we could stick it over here." She gestured to a bookshelf off to the left of the couch. "I don't have another two-way mirror, but I think it's small enough that if you jam it up between some of the books nobody will notice."
"Why there?" I asked.
"Well I'll show you." We walked over to the bookcase. "See, from here you get a good view of the couch from the side, and I figured we could zoom it in a little so we could get close-ups. I thought it would be cool to have multiple angles of the same thing."
"Sounds like you planned this out pretty extensively," I said.
"Yeah. Maybe too much, actually." Ashley giggled.
"Yeah, I hope it doesn't, like, kill the spark of spontaneity, or whatever," Julia said.
"I guess we'll just have to wait and see," Ashley said.
We set up both cameras in their final configuration. Both were fully charged with brand new tapes in them, but I was still afraid we might not get it on before the tape ran out. Ashley and Julia had the same fear, of course, so they decided it would probably be best not to waste much time with formalities. As it happened, we heard a car pull up only a few minutes after ending our conversation about camera placement. Ashley pressed the record button on each camera, then hopped to answer the doorbell. Jake, Brian and Mike were huddled together in front of the door.
"Hey!" she exclaimed. "You all came!"
"Naturally," Jake said.
We all congregated in the living room. Julia, Ashley and I were the only ones who knew the entire proceedings were being captured on tape, and that knowledge gave us (or me, at least) a delicious sense of naughtiness. Ashley retrieved several bottles of wine from the fridge (I wondered how she'd explain their disappearance to her parents) and served them up. The drink was flowing pretty quick – not enough to get anybody really drunk, but enough to loosen everyone up a little.
"So. . . what's the plan?" Mike asked.
"Um, well, actually, I just rented a porno," said Ashley, coyly.
"Really?" Jake exclaimed, either excited, surprised, or both.
"Yeah. I mean, I'm eighteen now, so I figured it would be something fun. And I thought it would be more fun watching it with a few other people. What do you think?"
I hadn't been informed of this plan beforehand, but once I had I thoroughly approved. My male companions also assented, though they were all careful not to seem too enthusiastic. Each of them, I figured, was hoping to fuck either Julia or Ashley by the end of the night, and this undoubtedly struck them as a good sign. Even so, I doubt any of them suspected what we had in mind.
Ashley slipped the movie in the VCR. We piled onto the couch – just barely big enough to fit us all – and watched. It seemed to be pretty tame stuff, especially by today's standards, but plenty enjoyable nonetheless – and "tame," after all, is a relative term. It certainly had plenty of graphic action, but only in the context of one-on-one, boy-girl stuff: blowjobs and fucking, basically. There didn't seem to be any storyline, just one scene after another of hot girls working big cocks, with lots of unnecessary moaning thrown in. Ashley had turned down the lights just enough to make the movie visible, but not so much as to blind our cameras – quite crafty, really, as was her style.
I'm not a huge porn fan, but I have to admit the movie was turning me on. Or maybe it was the anticipation of knowing that the images on the screen were likely only a preview of the far wilder real pleasures to come. Or maybe it was the deferred desire of the previous night's curtailed blowjob rising up again. At first the boys had been pretty talkative, even making jokes about the movie's silliness. But after a few minutes the conversation pretty much died down. Just barely glancing to my sides I could tell my male companions were at least as turned on as me. Jake's shorts quite blatantly revealed the precipitous bulge between his legs; Mike and Brian, meanwhile, were wearing firmer, less revealing fabric, but their expressions revealed their arousal just as well.
One of the girls on the screen was sucking a huge cock – it was even bigger than mine, in fact. Just as the guy came she pulled it out and let it spurt all over her face and tits.
"Jesus. . ." Jake said.
I just then noticed that Ashley, who was sitting two places to my left between Brian and Jake, had her hand on the latter's crotch. She seemed to be giving him a nice little massage through his jeans. And Jake, for his part, seemed to be enjoying it thoroughly. In the movie, the scene shifted: another girl was getting ready to go down on another guy. Ashley, though, kept steady: it seemed she knew exactly what she wanted. Julia, who was sitting on my right (Jake was on her opposite side) looked over and whispered to me.
"Looks like things are getting underway," she said with a smile.
My heart was racing. I still wasn't sure this thing would work – four guys, two girls, all going at once – but I had high hopes. My cock was expanding, and this time I knew it wasn't just the porn. Ashley's hands slowly unzipped Jake's shorts. The other four of us, meanwhile, were transfixed – Julia and I because we knew exactly what was going on, Brian and Mike because they had no idea at all. They were smiling, nonetheless – I got the impression nobody was displeased by this turn of events. Brian turned to Ashley.
"Finding the movie exciting?" he asked.
"No," Ashley replied. "Inspiring."
She dipped down to Jake's lap. No sooner had she pulled his cock loose than she slipped it in her mouth. I hoped the cameras were catching this.
"Damn!" Mike said under his breath.
The porno was still playing, but of course it was no longer the center of attention. Ashley's well-practiced lips went to work on Jake's cock. After a minute, though, she pulled herself up.
"Let's get a better angle," she said.
Ashley slid off the couch and onto her knees on the floor, in front of Jake. In a moment her mouth was wrapped around his dick again. He seemed to shiver with pleasure.
"Hey, I want some," Brian said.
He quickly unzipped his jeans, exposing his sizable cock. Even given the company I was in, it was a little shocking to witness such an utter lack of inhibitions. Ashley, not wanting to seem the poor hostess, graciously let Jake's dick slide from her mouth to give Brian's a few good sucks. She ran her tongue down around the base of his shaft, sucking up along the side before teasing th head with the tip of her tongue. Not wanting to deny Brian his due share of pleasure for too long, however, she soon opened wide and let his dick slip deep into her mouth. When Ashley got into full swing with a really good blowjob it truly was a sight to behold. But after only a minute or so of sucking Brian she switched back to Jake, giving him the same superb treatment; a few seconds later she switched back again, and then again, and again, alternating between their rock-hard cocks, her hands grasped around the base of each so she could stroke them when they weren't being sucked.
I was so enraptured watching Ashley at work, in fact, that for a few minutes I didn't even notice that Julia already had Mike's cock out and was busy stroking along the shaft. The scarlet head of his dick peeked out between her supple fingers. I, it seemed, was the last unengaged party. Naturally I wasn't content to remain so. I quickly shed my pants and boxers. I was, of course, already perfectly hard.
"Hey, Julia, think you could help me out?" I asked.
"Sure, hon."
She slipped off the couch and knelt between my legs, following Ashley's example. As she had in the car the night before, her lips engulfed my cock. This time, however, there wouldn't be any holding back. My penis slid along her tongue and down her throat, completely filling her mouth – once again I was amazed by her ability to swallow all of me at once. Mike, meanwhile, had his dick in his hands and seemed to anxiously await some sort of attention.
"You're hogging her, man," he said – his manners, perhaps, blunted by desire.
"No reason we can't share," I said.
I touched Julia's cheek, gently indicating she should rise. A second later her lips – the same lips that had just been pressed to my cock – were slipping around Mike. Soon both Ashley and Julia, in an odd sort of symmetry, were alternating between the two men at their disposal as they knelt in front of the couch, delivering blowjobs as best they could. Jake turned to look at me.
"I think a girl looks prettiest when she's sucking cock," he said, a grin on his face.
I wasn't sure if I agreed, but I had to admit it was an arousing spectacle. I liked seeing the way Julia's lips stretched around the diameter of my shaft (or of Mike's, for that matter); Ashley, for her part, looked oddly natural when giving a blowjob, as if it were always intended that she have a dick in her mouth. No wonder, I thought, she likes giving blowjobs so much: she was made for it.
The porno, by now, was over, but I was enjoying seeing my two lovely lady friends sucking us off far more. Mike scootched a little closer to me so it was easier for Julia to switch between the two of us. Although each time she slid away to pleasure Mike I felt a little surge of sadness at losing the sensation of her marvelous mouth, I was enjoying myself thoroughly nonetheless. I was looking forward to watching the tapes.
Suddenly Ashley stood up. Her two men were audibly displeased. Julia, to my disappointment, followed her lead.
"Sorry," she said, "but we only have, like, an hour and a half before my parents get back –"
"So?" interjected Jake.
"So. . . I thought I'd propose a deal."
Ashley pulled her t-shirt over her head, just barely catching before her naked breasts plopped into view. As soon as she'd dropped it on the floor she removed her shorts as well – she was, of course, pantieless. At this point in the evening, I suspected, there wasn't much use for ceremony, or for modesty. My companions were quite evidently excited to see her naked – as was I, of course.
"What deal?" Brian said, impatiently.
Ashley seemed to ignore him completely.
"So, as I was saying, we really only have about an hour to do anything. So. . . let's say you guys are allowed to do anything you want to me for the next hour."
"Anything?" Mike said.
"Anything at all."
I hadn't expected this. I could see Ashley's pussy was already wet. And, despite the apparent calmness of her voice, her chest was heaving – she was, if not nervous, at least very, very excited.
"So, boys, what do you say?"
They nearly jumped in unison to agree. Jake stood up first. He brazenly dropped his pants and boxers to the floor, then pulled off his shirt. His dick jutted straight out. He glanced back at the other boys on the couch.
"Well, what are you waiting for?" he said.
Jake grabbed Ashley – a little roughly, but that seemed to be what she wanted – and bent her over the arm of the couch, so that her ass was appealingly presented hanging over the edge. He spread her legs as he stood behind her.
"You wanna get fucked?" he asked.
"Yes!" said Ashley.
"You better, 'cause your gonna get it good."
Ashley gasped as Jake rammed his cock into her pussy. He started pumping her from behind. Her breasts, spilling over the arm of the couch, bounced with each stroke. She braced herself with her elbows against the cushion. Even with all the warning and preparation, I was astonished – this was all so sudden. If at all possible, I became even more aroused.
"Shit," Brian said. "You guys don't mind if I get a little, do you?"
He didn't wait for answer. Brian knelt on the couch in front of Ashley, presenting his dick at exactly mouth level. Ashley obligingly opened her lips, letting it slip inside. Soon Brian was thrusting into her docile mouth, matching Jake's strokes from behind. Mike and I were just watching in aroused amazement. When I regained some presence of mind I turned to Julia.
"What about you?" I whispered. "Are you gonna make the same deal?"
Julia looked at Ashley as Jake and Brian mercilessly fucked her from both ends.
"I dunno," she said. "I don't think I'm ready for 'anything.' That's a little extreme."
"Fair enough," I said.
"But that doesn't mean I don't want to participate."
Julia, in fact, was quite evidently aroused. I'd come to know quite well the slightly hurried breathing and the half-smile of barely parted lips that signaled her excitement – it was the same thing every time we hooked up. Now, though, I was unlikely to be the sole recipient of her passion. Mike was still sitting on the couch, legs spread and cock jutting out. Julia looked at him. He looked back.
"No, I didn't forget about you," she said.
Julia knelt on the floor. Her lips wrapped around Mike's cock once again. I, for my part, shed my clothes – I figured it would be easier to maneuver without their encumbrance – and knelt on the floor behind Julia. I raised her ass up until she was resting on her knees, then flipped the hem of her skirt over her waist. Her pussy was already wet and extremely tempting. My cock cried out for satisfaction, but for the moment I held off. Instead I bent over on all fours and planted a long, deep lick down the entire length of Julia's delectable pussy. I tasted her familiar creamy tenderness.
She was already wet, but even so my tongue added an extra gleam of moisture to her most sensitive parts. From the slight buckling of her knees I could tell she enjoyed it, though of course with Mike filling her mouth she declined to verbalize her appreciation. I licked her again, then again, falling into a rhythm. At first I landed long, slow licks from the bottom of her pussy to the top – lingering for a second over the special softness just below the entrance to her vagina where her pussy sloped up and away into the skin above her anus, a place I had always liked. Soon, though, I switched techniques, flicking my tongue faster and faster between the lips of her pussy, spreading them a little with each stroke and just barely tapping her clit with the bottom of my tongue. I'd only eaten her out from behind once before, and the new angle necessitated improvising some new techniques. Julia, for her part, didn't seem to mind at all. Though her lips remained pursed around Mike's cock, the movement of her body indicated clearly enough how much she was enjoying my oral attentions.
Ashley, meanwhile, was already at the brink of orgasm. Jake's cock slammed into her pussy, extracting a little gasp or moan each time he pushed it in, each time louder, louder, until she exploded. Jake and Brian's joint assault, it seemed, had pushed her over the edge. I glanced up over Julia's ass to watch as she shook in pleasure.
"Mmmmff!" she moaned around Brian's cock.
"Fuck, she's coming," Jake said.
Jake hadn't noticed, apparently, that Brian was coming as well. His face went into that same glaze of ecstasy I'd seen in the theater, and he thrust his cock as far down Ashley's throat as he could. I gathered he was pouring his cum into her mouth.
"Oh, yeah. . ." he moaned.
For some reason I took Brian's orgasm as my cue to shift tactics. Sitting up, and thus reluctantly drawing my mouth away from Julia's lovely sex, I pressed my cock against the entrance to her pussy. She kept sucking Mike as I pushed it in. Well-lubricated by both her own arousal and my oral endeavors, her lips speedily parted before my intrusion. My cock slipped in to the very depths of her body.
"Oh yeah, fuck her, Nick," Mike said.
Despite his encouraging words, however, Mike seemed far more concerned with his own pleasure than mine. I could tell Julia was bringing him pretty close to a climax. Brian, meanwhile, slipped away from Ashley's lips. Her mouth now open, she let out little gasps with each of Jake's strokes as he fucked her over the sofa – she had seemingly recovered from her first orgasm, but her pleasure hardly seemed diminished. I rammed myself into Julia's soft, tight body.
Brian, meanwhile, had sat down on the couch, his member now half-soft after orgasm. He seemed to be quite enjoying the spectacle, however – as was I, though I also felt the added excitation of knowing the whole proceedings were being caught on camera. I kept fucking Julia, faster now, just as she kept her lips pursed around Mike. The latter, however, was not destined to long endure. I heard first a groan, then saw a shaking and jutting of hips as he emptied himself into Julia's waiting mouth. Julia, for her part, kept admirably steady, absorbing his orgasm until her lips had wrung the last drops of his pleasure from his spasming shaft. I'd never seen Julia go down on – or, in fact, do anything with – another man, and I found it more than a little arousing.
So, evidently, did she, for no sooner had Mike's cock slipped from her lips than I felt her ass bucking in ecstasy in front of me. Her breathing became faster, heavier.
"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck. . ." she muttered.
I slammed her as my big dick fucked her to orgasm. She gasped. The muscles in her pussy contracted around my cock, and though the sensation was exquisite I did my best to hold off orgasm – I planned to sample different pleasures before finishing. It took a good bit of willpower, however – if Ashley was the best at giving blowjobs, I still (slightly) preferred Julia when it came to out-and-out fucking. She shook wildly around my shaft.
"Oh God. . ." Julia moaned as the last ecstasies of orgasm fled her body.
When she'd finished I withdrew my cock, glistening wet, from her satisfied pussy. She seemed a little disappointed to have it gone, but took it in good humor.
"Abandoning me?" she asked, jokingly.
I smiled.
"Don't worry, you'll get plenty more later," I said.
Jake still had Ashley over the edge of the couch. He showed few signs of slowing. I took up Brian's old position on the couch, kneeling in front of Ashley. I wasn't sure how eager she'd be to suck my cock – coated, as it was, in Julia's juices, and so soon after she'd done the same for Brian – but I need not have worried. Ashley, without a second's consideration, took it in her mouth. Soon Jake and I had fallen into a rhythm, one of us thrusting into Ashley while the other pulled out, like a pair of pistons kneading her soft, young flesh. Of the whole lot of us, as far as I could tell, Jake and I had the greatest stamina; it was natural, then, that we'd be going strong while Mike and Brian recuperated on the sofa. I did, in fact, feel a little guilty leaving Julia hanging, but I really did want to sample Ashley's unmatchable oral skills.
I shouldn't have worried about Julia going unsatisfied, however. Brian had been the first to come, and thus predictably the first to recover his hardness – aroused, apparently, by the sights and sounds around him, he stood up, dick in hand. He was still dressed in his t-shirt and jeans (though the latter, admittedly, were already slipping off, unzipped), so he took a minute to undress. When he was naked he laid hold of Julia and spread her out on all fours on the ground, just below where I was on the couch.
"I'm gonna fuck you, Julia," he declared.
"Don't just talk about it, do it!" she responded.
He took up his position behind her; a second later he was pumping her dripping-wet pussy. Even as I had my cock down Ashley's throat, I couldn't help being entranced by the sight of his dick slipping in and out of Julia's beautiful body. I'd never seen another man fuck her before. The sight – combined, of course, with the sensation of Ashley's lips as they skillfully suckled my bulging penis – was enough to finally make me come. Jake, for his part, also seemed to be nearing the end – his strokes were faster now, more ragged. I looked down at Julia as I felt my orgasm arrive.
"Oh, shit," I said. "Fuck her, Brian!"
I felt my balls tighten, then the first warm wave of cum slide down my cock until it burst from the head deep into Ashley's mouth. I vibrated with the most intense pleasure imaginable. Jake, meanwhile, likewise climaxed, almost at the same time as myself – he groaned and heaved as he delivered his last strokes inside Ashley's pussy. And, as if that weren't enough, Ashley, caught between simultaneous orgasms, flooded with hot cum on either side, also broke out into ecstasy. Sheets of pleasure rolled through her body. I pressed my cock into her mouth until the balls grazed her chin, letting the last of my flood run down her throat. Jake's moans and my own joined in a chorus.
"Oh, fuck. . ." I gasped.
My orgasm felt especially long, though the impression might well have been an illusion. I kept my cock buried in her mouth until I was sure the last echoes of ecstasy had dissipated. Jake and I slipped out of Ashley, almost at exactly the same moment, leaving her wet holes tender and exposed – not least of all to the two cameras only Julia, Ashley and I knew to be running. I stepped back. Ashley looked thoroughly debauched as she lay still bent over the arm of the couch, dripping cum from either end, her breasts heaving. She was smiling.
"Wow. . ." she said.
Brian, meanwhile, was still hard at work fucking Julia – there would be no quiet moments of rest tonight, I thought to myself.
"Damn," Jake said. "That was fuckin' awesome."
"Yeah. . ." I said, feebly, my half-flaccid cock hanging in front of me.
Ashley, recovering from her recent double fucking, rolled off the arm and onto the seat of the couch, on her back – she looked beautiful, glowing with that radiant warmth only the skin of a well-fucked young woman can exude. Her pink nipples were hard, jutting up from the soft mounds of her tits. She was still breathing fast, almost panting. Mike, on the other hand, had caught his breath some time before; by now, his cock was hard again and ready for more action. Without so much as asking for permission he wheeled round the couch to lay on top of Ashley, aiming his throbbing cock at her pussy. I pitied her a little (a girl deserves a little rest now and then, doesn't she?) but Mike was set on fucking her – understandably so, since he was the only one of us who hadn't got any pussy yet.
"Ahh!" Ashley gasped.
Mike lowered his weight onto Julia, driving his dick into her. Julia, meanwhile, seemed to be enjoying the fucking she was getting from Brian. Much as I liked seeing Ashley being penetrated, I found the sight of Julia's dripping pussy as Brian pumped it from behind even more compelling. I loved the way her ass sticked out as she supported herself on all fours. Her mouth was open, her firm breasts hanging from her chest and swaying with each of Brian's strokes. She was near orgasm again, I guessed, and sure enough within another minute it came. Julia suddenly became exceptionally vocal.
"Ahhh, ooooh, oh fuck, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!"
Brian, too, was moaning, though his orgasm was still a little away. I enjoyed watching Julia's body shake and contort in ecstasy – every time I'd seen her come before it was the result of my contributions. I was thus usually too close to get the full picture; it was fun being able to have a little distance. My cock, meanwhile, was beginning to regain its hardness, as was Jake's (both of us, at the time, were sitting on the edge of the couch, watching the goings on beside us). Mike was fucking Ashley pretty hard. The whole couch shook when he slammed her ass into the cushions. She almost cooed with pleasure.
Brian finally came. First he let out a series of moans, then he grasped Julia's waist and pulled her ass down onto his cock until it had completely disappeared between the folds of her pussy. A few more thrusts and he was finished, knocked out by his second orgasm of the night. Brian practically collapsed onto the floor. Mike seemed to take notice. He sat up, leaving Ashley spread-legged and glistening wet on the couch. His cock sprung out at a jaunty angle. He looked immensely pleased with himself.
"Hey, I'm gonna fuck Julia," he said to me. "You wanna fuck Ashley?"
"Sure," I replied.
Though I'd already come in her mouth, I'd already built up enough new horniness that I desperately wanted to drive my thick shaft deep into her pussy. Ashley looked at me and smiled, genuinely pleased but perhaps a little weary.
"C'mon, Nick, fuck me!" she said.
"Don't worry, I'm gonna," I said.
I turned around on the couch. I contemplated just jumping right in where Mike had left off, but instead decided to flip her around onto her stomach, pulling her onto her knees so I could enter her from behind – great as Ashley was in any position, I really did love doggy style best. Her pussy was already so well lubricated that my cock, big as it was, slipped in with ease. Her tight, warm pussy gripped my shaft.
"Oooh!" she said.
I drove it in, filling her until my balls slapped the bottom of her pussy. Mike, meanwhile, had laid Julia down on the floor and was fucking her into the carpet – if I liked it doggy style, he was evidently a faithful missionary. Julia seemed to be enjoying him as much as she had Brian; the latter, meanwhile, was lying nearby, his sagging dick testifying to a satisfying evening. I wasn't sure where Jake was – I assume he was still sitting behind me. At the time, of course, I didn't particularly care: Ashley's gorgeous body and, more importantly, her soft, shaved little pussy were occupying all my attention. I pumped in and out of her, pulling my shaft out until the head was almost free, then driving it back in. Her legs were just slightly spread, and I enjoyed seeing her pink little asshole as I drove my dick into the bigger opening just below. I ran my thumb around the tight little bud, bringing up a little of her own wetness to smooth the way.
"Ahh. . ." she murmurred.
I caressed her anus with my thumb. To my surprise, it wasn't quite as tight as I expected it – tight, yes, but loosened, maybe, by her aroused state. I just barely pushed in the tip of my finger. Ashley seemed to like it. The thought of fucking that virgin hole began to excite me. I wondered if she'd let me. Only one way to find out, I decided.
"Ashley?"
"Yeah?" she said, between gasps.
"You said anything goes?"
"Anything."
"I wanna fuck you up the ass."
She smiled – actually smiled. I could hardly believe it.
"There's lube in the end table."
Sure enough, there it was – she'd though of everything. Without even slowing the strokes pounding her pussy, I squeezed a little lube onto her ass and rubbed it in. I pressed my middle finger against the hole. Slowly, as I massaged yet more lube into the orifice, it began to give way. My finger slipped inside. Soon I was pulsing it in and out of her tight little hole.
"Oooo!" she exclaimed.
"You sure you want me to do this?" I asked.
"Yes!"
I withdrew my finger and, at the same time, my cock. It was coated with the juices from her pussy.
"You asked for it," I said.
I pressed the head against the entrance to her as-yet unfucked hole. I was about to end eighteen years of anal virginity. I knew she was capable of taking it – I remembered the Polaroid she'd showed me of her on all fours, dildo rammed up her ass – but it gave me plenty of resistance nonetheless. She gasped, almost screamed, as I slowly drove it in.
"Ahhh!" she said.
"You want me to stop?"
"No!"
The head of my cock gradually disappeared into her ass. Once it was in the way suddenly seemed easier; another load of lube applied to the shaft and I was fitting in reasonably well. Inch after inch slid in.
Mike, meanwhile, was still fucking Julia on the floor – preoccupied as I was with Ashley, the sight was still arousing enough for me to take notice. Brian, meanwhile, still seemed wiped out from his last orgasm. I started to fuck Ashley's ass. Though it was still tighter than her pussy, I found that I could actually slide in and out of her with relative ease. Her body gripped my cock tight as it penetrated her. I wondered if she was enjoying the sensation as much as I was. She gasped a little with each of my strokes – whether in pain, pleasure or a little of both I wasn't sure. But soon she clarified the issue.
"Oh, fuck, Nick!" she exclaimed. "This is great!"
"You like my cock up your ass?"
"Hell yeah!" she exclaimed. "Fuck my ass, Nick!"
Her command was completely redundant, as I was already doing exactly that. I had my hands on her waist as I pushed my cock to the hilt into her tight little anus. Suddenly, I saw Jake slip around the couch and kneel in front of Ashley – his dick was hard again.
"Suck it," he said.
Ashley was in no mood to resist. She opened her mouth and let him push it in till his balls scraped her chin. Each of my strokes sent her bouncing forward, driving Jake's cock even deeper down her mouth. Even with Jake's added contribution she seemed to be thoroughly enjoying my anal pounding. My cock was now able to slide in all the way with relative ease. I slammed her. Each time I pushed in all the way I slapped against her ass, sending her shaking. The sensation was incredible, and my pleasure was steadily building. Jake seemed to be enjoying himself, too, at Ashley's other end, though it seemed he was now doing most of the work – Ashley was too caught up in being fucked up the ass to put much effort into her blowjob. Inexplicably, though, Jake suddenly withdrew from her mouth. I kept my strokes steady.
"I wanna try something," he said. "Nick, could you pull out for just second?"
"Do I have to?"
"Don't worry, you'll like this."
I obeyed, reluctantly. I felt the tight grip of her anus slip away from my cock as I backed out. Mike was still fucking Julia, and pretty hard; Brian, for his part, had recovered, and was presenting his cock to Julia's mouth. Ashley looked over her shoulder at me. She seemed winded but happy. Jake pushed her up onto her knees and lay down beneath her on the couch. I was beginning to understand. Ashley, I think, did too. I made room for him to lie down beneath her.
Jake pulled Ashley's pussy down onto his cock. Well-fucked as she was, it slipped easily over his pulsing member. She bent forward, pushing her ass out towards me. I was kneeling behind her as she and Jake started to fuck, my glistening cock just inches from her ass, almost touching the appealing little hole that was bouncing a couple inches above where Jake's cock was sliding in and out of her. She was moaning. I knew what was expected of me, but I was a little hesitant – even now, at this point in the evening, I couldn't believe this was really what Ashley wanted. Fortunately, she solved my dilemma.
"C'mon, Nick, fuck my ass!" she said, almost screaming.
"All right," I said, getting ready, "just stay still for a second."
Jake stopped bouncing Julia. I pressed my cock against the entrance to her ass. Even after I'd fucked it so well only minutes earlier, it was tight, difficult to enter – I felt a new pressure from below, and realized it was Jake's cock pressing up from her pussy. But after the initial difficulty, and with the help of one more squeeze of lube, I found it easy enough to push in. Soon both Jake and I had our cocks rammed deep inside Ashley's gorgeous body. Soon after that we were both pumping into her, slowly at first as we tried to find the best way to make it work, then faster as we fell into a rhythm. I could feel his cock inside her, separated from me only by the thin layer of flesh between her ass and pussy. I couldn't believe I was doing this.
Ashley, for her part, seemed to enjoy it. The double fucking she was receiving seemed to be quite intense – every time one of us slammed into her pussy or ass she cried out in pleasure.
"Ahhh! Oh, fuck!" she yelled.
"God, that's good," I said.
I had my hand on her ass as I penetrated her. I wondered how she could possibly stand the sensation. I remembered where Ashley had placed my video camera on the bookshelf and realized with satisfaction that it was likely capturing a perfect view of her ass seen from behind as Jake and I slammed our cocks into her. Julia, meanwhile, was still getting fucked by Mike; Brian, at the same time, seemed to have gotten his third wind and had his dick deep in her mouth. A minute later, even with her voice muffled by Brian's cock, I was able to tell Julia was having an orgasm. Not long after hers had ended, though, Mike's came – I saw him slam his last few wild strokes into Julia's pussy, heard him moan in pleasure. He pounded her pussy, moaning as the cum shot deep inside of her.
"Aaaahhhhh. . ." he groaned, satisfied.
I liked seeing Julia get fucked, and she'd certainly been thoroughly fucked this evening. Mike slipped out of Julia and collapsed on the floor; she, meanwhile, was still sucking Brian, though she seemed distinctly worn-out by now. But Brian, for his part, pulled his cock out of her mouth soon after Mike was finished.
"I think you've had enough for one night," he said.
Julia seemed to agree. She was smiling, but quite tired-looking too. She lay down on the floor beside Mike. Brian, though, wasn't finished: with Julia out of the picture, he apparently decided to take advantage of Ashley's last available hole: her mouth. Standing at the side of the couch he leaned in, presenting his cock to her lips.
"You mind sucking this?" he asked.
Ashley was never one to refuse an offer like that. Without saying a word – I'm not sure she was quite capable of speech by that point – she let him slide his cock between her luscious lips. And then, suddenly, I felt her ass clench around me. She bucked around Jake and I, shaking uncontrollably – whether it was the added oral stimulation of Brian's contribution or merely the result of Jake's and my actions, she was having an orgasm. We pounded her soft little body into oblivion as she spilled over into supreme ecstasy.
"Goddamn!" Jake said.
I could only agree more. Ashley was incredible. No sooner had her first orgasm faded away than another broke, and then another – it seemed as if she was constantly coming, spurred by the new sensation of three men penetrating her at once. I wasn't sure how much longer I could last.
Brian, though, proved to be the first to finish. Already far along the way to climaxing thanks to Julia's attention, it only took a couple minutes for Ashley to polish him off.
"Ahhh, ahhh, ahhhh fuck. . ." he moaned.
Brian started to come for – I could hardly believe it – the third time of the night. Ashley, despite the merciless fucking she was receiving, managed to keep her lips sealed around his cock until just the last couple spurts, when it suddenly slipped from her mouth. Little trails of cum darted from Brian's member onto her cheek, where they ran down to her chin; a few more trails seeped out the side of her open mouth. She was having yet another orgasm, and now there was nothing stopping her from being as vocal as she could desire.
"Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuuuuckk!" she screamed. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!"
Even though she was pinned down by our two cock, Ashley shook and bounced wildly. I was going full force, not holding anything back now, and Jake was doing the same. We were all moaning. My cock reamed her virgin asshole, slamming in until my balls were pressed against her, then pulling out and doing it again, faster and faster every time – Jake was doing the same in her pussy. I was losing control. Intense shocks of pleasure radiated from my cock and bounced through my entire body. Her asshole fit me like a glove. She was still moaning – whether from the last orgasm or a new one I didn't know. Maybe by this point her orgasms had faded into one another, becoming an endless haze of ecstasy. I felt my balls tighten.
"Ohhhh fuuuuck. . ." I moaned.
I felt a load of cum gathering at the base of my cock. One more stroke, and it burst through, pouring down my shaft and spewing from the head deep inside her ass. No sooner had I felt my climax arrive than Jake, too, started to moan loud and deep. He was coming too.
"Ohh, ah, ah, ahhhh. . ." he gasped.
Our two cocks spasmed deep in Ashley's body, just as Ashley's body was spasming beneath our two cocks. The three of us were transported into the most intense euphoria, and it seemed almost as if the boundaries between our bodies melted away entirely. My cock twitched for the last few times, and then it was all over. Jake and I slid off Ashley. We were silent for a while, panting.
"Damn," Jake said. "I wasn't expecting that to happen when I came over."
Ashley looked exhausted, but in a thoroghly appealing way – her tits were pressed into the couch, her hair disheveled, her ass still sticking out and glistening wet with the combination of her own dampness and our cum. I was amazed to see her still smiling.
"Yeah, that was fun, wasn't it?" she said. "We'll have to try it more often."
. . .
We didn't have too much time to get cleaned up and dressed before Ashley's parents got home. Ashley almost forgot to take the porn tape out of the VCR, but remembered just as they were pulling up the driveway. Not wanting to seem unfriendly, we stayed around a while, chatting awkwardly with her mom and dad. It was strange to think they had no idea what we'd just done – no idea that we'd just fucked their daughter harder than they could probably even imagine. To them she probably looked innocent, though to those of us in the know the flush on her cheeks and the still slightly glazed look on her eyes revealed the truth clear enough.
It wasn't for almost another week I was able to watch the tapes we'd made, and it probably doesn't need mentioning that I was in suspense the entire time. Ashley, Julia and I watched them in her room while her parents were out. They were even better than I'd imagined – so much so, in fact, that we were too aroused to sit all the way through without taking a break for a quick little threesome. But this story is already long enough, so I won't burden you with the details of that particular encounter.
Ashley and I continued hooking up – and making movies – until she moved out to New York in the fall for college (I, on the other hand, went to Berkeley, where I was to have more than my fair share of sexual escapades – I might write about some of them in the future). She, like Julia, has remained a close friend, though Ashley would be the first to admit that our relationship is based on sex to a far greater degree. We've visited each other every now and then in the succeeding years, and it rarely takes long before we start fucking each other. She and I just seem to have a certain chemistry, I suppose. But of course in all that time nothing has equaled that first summer after high school, when everything was new.