I can't believe the weekend is finally here. I have been looking forward to this little solo camping weekend for about two months, ever since my boyfriend Steve made plans to visit his parents. It's not that I wasn't invited, but more of a family reunion kinda thing, and besides, the idea of a little camping all by my self sounded great to me. Steve was never overly crazy about the outdoors, but I love nature and everything about it. Living in Nova Scotia, we get to enjoy all four seasons and I was always one to take advantage whenever I could.
Steve left this morning, so when I got home from work it was just our pugapoo (cross between a pug and a poodle) Zeek waiting for me. I already had my things packed, so it was easy to throw my stuff into the bed of my Ranger, get Zeek strapped into his car seat and we were off. You don't need to travel far to find great places here, so it was only about a 45 minute drive to The Ovens, a wonderful place in Lunenburg. I had reserved my site as soon as I found out about my free weekend? And I was able to secure one that is out near the ocean so you can hear the constant sounds of the waves crashing on the rocks, and they also have a little bit more privacy.
I arrived shortly after 6 pm, so once I got my little tent set up and inflatable mattress blown up, it was around seven o'clock that I got my little propane stove out and made myself a couple of hot dogs. It was now time for a nice walk around the camp grounds, so I called for Zeek, and waited for him to crawl out from under the truck, hooked up his leash and away we went. We passed lots of other people out for an evening stroll, enjoying the perfect weather just decompressing from another work week. We did a couple loops around the grounds so when we got back Zeek was pretty tired and went right into the tent and crashed, he would be there until morning for sure! I made a little fire and stayed up for a while, eventually deciding it was time for sleep myself. I grabbed my bag and headed down to the washroom/showers. I brushed my hair and teeth, went into a little change cubicle to change into my sleep clothes - baggy shorts and tank top.
Just as I was about to unzip my bag I heard some giggling and two female voices enter the shower area. The lighting inside was not great where the cubicles were, and I was in the last one in the corner. I did notice that through the crack of the door, you can see directly into the well lit shower area, which consisted of 5 showers across the wall separated by 3/4 length walls and plastic curtains for doors. It allowed you to see the head of the person beside you, but that's it.
The girls didn't notice me in the cubicle as they walked past. I'd guess them to be in their early twenties, a red head and a blond, both wearing bikini tops and jean shorts. The red head was about the same build as me, around 5'4", in shape, toned, but not muscular. Her ass was filling out the Jean shirts nicely, with just a hint of her cheeks visible from the bottom. Her tits I'd estimate to be slightly smaller than my 34D's, she was probably a C cup. Her blond friend was slightly bigger in almost every way. Probably 5'8 or so, healthy build, but not exactly chubby. Her ass was not spilling out the bottom, but only because her shorts we not as tiny as her friends. Her tits though, those things commanded attention! If I was to guess, I'd put her in a 36G cup bra, they were just spilling out of her bikini top.
They went to the last two shower stalls in the room, threw their bags on the shelf and proceeded to start stripping, talking and giggling the whole time. I was about to come out of the cubicle, when suddenly the blonde one reached over and smacked the redheads ass as she bent down to remove her shorts. The redhead screamed a bit as the sound was quite loud in the little shower room. She jumped over towards the blond and gave her left boob a swat, then before the blond could react, she also gave the nipple a quick tug. This was not totally abnormal to see, friends do this sort of thing all the time, but what happened next was definitely not just normal action between friends. Both girls were now completely naked, both had started their showers running, but had not stepped into the stall yet. The steam from the hot water was coming up from the floor as the water came down.
The taller girl reached forward, grabbed the red head by the back of the head and pulled her towards herself, bent down and laid one of the hottest kisses on her that I have ever witnessed. No sure if it was just that I was little horny myself to begin with, or the suddenness of it. The way her blond hair fell forward as they kissed, the ends of her hair dancing along the downward slop of the redheads tits, the way her own huge tits bulged out to the sides as their bodies pressed together, steam slowly rising up around them. The redhead broke the kiss, breathless, pushed the bigger girl into her shower stall and began attacking the mounds of tit flesh in front of her, sucking her nipples, first the left, then the right, trailing her tongue across one, over to the other. The blond girl had her head tilted back, water cascading over both of their bodies, she had her hand between her own legs, rubbing her clit as he friend continued on her tits.
As I was peering through the crack in my door spying on these to ladies, i could feel my breath was becoming quick and uneven, when I realized this was because as I was watching this, my own hand had found its way into my shorts. My pussy was soaking, my clit throbbing as I witnessed the show in the shower in front of me. I figured I would be spending some time with my fingers dancing on my clit this weekend, but did not expect it to be in a situation like this. A louder moan snapped my attention back to the show in the showers and looking out to the action I saw the redhead was now on her knees and had her face buried in the taller girls pussy. The blond looked like she was not going to last long as she was leaning against the back wall, holding herself up by grabbing the top of the 3/4 walls on either side. She was bucking into the redheads face in a fucking motion as her friend feasted on the juices escaping from her love tunnel. My fingers were a blur over my own clit as I wanted to match my orgasm with hers, imagining it was my pussy getting licked, my clit being sucked, my juices running down the face of the pretty little redhead on her knees.
The busty blond girl could no longer hold herself up as she was so close to orgasm, she sat down on the little plastic bench that was in the shower, which allowed her to spread her legs even wider, as she slid down, her arm bumped the leaver for that shower and the water spray had slowed to a trickle. While the redhead repositioned herself for her final assault, I was able to see straight across to the swollen hairless pussy waiting for more attention. As the licking renewed, the blond grabbed her big tits and began pulling her nipples, her moans becoming louder and louder, I could hear the redhead moaning as she licked and sucked her friend.
As their moans increased faster and louder, I realized little redhead has been fingering her own honey pot while eating her friend. Blond girl was getting very loud now, and I could tell she was very close to orgasm, and I desperately tried to hold mine back as I was on the edge for the last few minutes. Just as I was about to give in to my throbbing clit, blond girl gave out a final deep grunt and began cumming, her orgasm consuming her, then to my amazement a massive stream of fluid came flying out of her pussy as she began squirting across the shower room. The redhead leaned back on her knees watching her friend cum, allowing herself to be covered in her friends juices. This was too much for me and I could not hold it in any longer and screamed out in my own orgasm, causing both girls to scramble up off the floor in shock.
I grabbed my bag and ran out of the shower building and headed back to my campsite. Once I was back in my tent, I quickly zipped up, and crawled into my sleeping bag, Zeek hardly moved as he was still tuckered out from the walk earlier. I couldn't believe what I just witnessed, and was quite sure I would be remembering back to that for future clit rubbing sessions, but for now, although I was still horny, I was very tired and needed to get some sleep.
The adventures I witnessed in the showers made my dreams go into overdrive, as it was suddenly daytime and I was in a kayak slowly paddling along the coast near my camp site. The water was very calm as there were lots of small islands just off the coast in this area that blocked the wind and waves. I was slowly paddling around these tiny islands and came across one that had a small sandy beach that looked like a great place to stop and take a break.
Once I was out of the water and had the kayak pulled up on the sand, I grabbed the large beach towel that was strapped onto the back of the boat, laid it down on the sand and stretched out. It was so nice and peaceful with the sun beating down on me, causing a thin layer of perspiration to form, giving my skin a nice shiny glow as I lay there.
Now being out in the sun wearing only a tiny bikini always made me horny, today was no different. I always think about how hot it would be to remove the bikini and lay out totally nekkid, but never get the nerve. Today was different, I thought about it briefly, and decided today was the day. There was nobody around, it was a beautiful day, why not.
I reached around and pulled the string to my top, setting my 34D's free, then lifted my hips and slid my bottoms off too.
I laid back down enjoying the way the sun was Having it's way with my body, my nipples tingling as the rays of sun reached down and caressed my bare breasts. I could feel my pussy getting wetter and wetter, and I spread my legs a little, just enough to be able to feel the sun touch my inner lips, heating up the already hot juices that were leaking from within.
After allowing my front the touch of the sun for a while, I turned over and allowed the sun to have its way with my back side. When I turned over, I felt something under the blanket poking up right into my crotch area and reached under to move it. It was just a rock, but as I reached down and moved it, my hand brushed my clit and it sent waves of pleasure through me as the back of my hand touched it, and also felt the copious amount of fluid oozing out of me.
I couldn't stop myself and laid back down on my stomach, but had my right hand pinned under myself, rubbing my clit slowly as I continue soaking up the sun.
I guess with my hand at my pussy, and mind wandering to all kinds of different perverted thought, it explains why I did not hear the canoe with three guys paddle up to my new found private beach. They came on to the beach with the silence of ninjas and were able to get the boat up on the beach and all three of them of them over to my spot without me hearing a thing.
Suddenly as if a sixth sense kicked in, I had a feeling that I was not alone, and I raised my head to see the three young men standing over me with three very large, and very hard cocks out slowly being jerked off by their owners. For some reason I was not afraid or even panicked when I noticed them, and simply turned over, still rubbing my clit, and asked them if they were there to help me out.
All three men smiled down at me, their cocks visibly throbbing as I stopped rubbing long enough to introduce myself and offer my (very sticky) hand up to shake theirs.
There was Boyd, 18, dark short hair, about 6' and skinny, he had a long skinny cock, about 8". Then there was Dave, 18 also, blond hair buzzed real short, just a shade under 6' and he was quite a bit thicker with little belly on him, but not enough to hide his pop can size monster, not real long, but OMG it was thick. Then there was John, 19 years old and also blond hair, but it was longer, right around his shoulders, he was shorter than the other guys, about 5'8", but was ripped, every muscle was visible, especially the one between his legs. Almost as long as Boyd, and thicker, but not as much as Dave. And the veins along his cock were very pronounced.
I turned over and looked up at them and said 'I don't care who starts, but somebody start licking my pussy". Dave was the first to move and laid down on the blanket in front of me, diving between my legs without hesitation. I motioned for the other two to come closer and I grabbed both of their cocks and started giving a double hand job. I looked at Boyd's cock as I started jerking it and thought this needs to be on my mouth and started sucking on him as I continued jerking John of. I looked down towards Dave and told him "that's it, suck on my clit as you slide two fingers in me, that's gonna make me cum really soon". As Dave was bringing me closer and closer to orgasm, I switched clocks in front of me and started sucking John's cock while I played with Boyd's big balls and slowly jerked him. As John was getting blown, he reached down and started playing with my tits, the pleasure from my over sensitive nipples was almost sending me closer the edge as I began bucking my hips, grinding my pussy into Dave's face. I pulled the cock out of my mouth and started screaming out loud " oh my god yes, eat me! Lick my pussy and make me cum! Ohhhh ohhhh myyyy god!" And I came all over his face. Wave after wade of pleasure washed over me as his steady sucking on my clit slowed down to just a few licks as I calmed down.
Dave moved up to his knees looking down at me, obviously pleased with his work. I looked up at him and said "I need a cock in me, but I'm sorry, one of the other guys is going to have to fuck me first before there is any chance of that huge thing fitting ". We all switched positions and Boyd sat on the blanket and had me straddle him in a reverse cowgirl position.
I lowered myself onto his long slim cock. It felt so nice as I felt him filling me up. Just as I was about to lower myself completely I felt him bottom out. Dave and John were standing off to my right watching me bounce on Boyd's cock and I told the "get over here boys, I need to suck one of those cocks"
Dave got his monster to my mouth first, and up close it seamed even bigger. I licked all along his shaft and the tried to get it in my mouth, but I could only fit a couple inches before my mouth felt like it was going to split apart. I took a break from the monster and pulled John closer and his cock fit much better.
I was enjoying myself so much, bouncing on Boyd's cock, sucking on John and jerking off Dave's monster. A few minutes into this setup Boyd tapped out saying if we kept this up much longer he was going to cum, and he wasn't ready yet.
We all switched up again and I laid back down on the blanket while John lined his veiny cock up with my dripping pussy. He entered me with ease and it made me think maybe there was a chance I'd be able to fit Mr Monster cock in there yet.
Boyd walked over to their boat to get a drink of water while Dave walked up behind me and lowered his cock and balls over my face from behind. This allowed me to reach up and jerk him off and lick the underside of his huge cock as well and lick his huge balls.
John was leaning forward sucking on my nipples as he pounded my pussy, getting me close to yet another orgasm. At this point Boyd come back over and suggests another swap of positions and says "hey guys, what do you think about trying to make this pretty lady airtight"?
The guys stopped what they were doing and all agreed that it was a great idea. I was not positive what they meant, but I had a pretty good idea, but I asked Boyd anyway. "Ok guys, I think I know what Airtight refers to, but why don't you fill me in?" All three guys laughed a little at her choice of phrasing and Boyd informed me "Funny you should put it that way, because Fill You In is exactly what we plan to do. Airtight refers to having all three of your holes filled".
I looked at all three guys ending with Dave, my gaze drifted from his eyes down to his cock, and said "I'm willing to try, but that thing is NOT going near my ass!" Dave laughed it off and said "yeah that's what most say.... At first"
I asked them how they want to do this and they suggested Dave lays down on the blanket and have me kneel over him. This allows me to manage how much of his monster goes in my pussy, so that's what we tried.
As Dave lay there, his pop can thick cock sticking straight up, knelt down and took the head of it in my mouth to get it good and slippery, I think slid up his body and lined him up with my dripping pussy. Lowering myself down, the feeling was like none I've felt before as his thick man meat split my pussy open. I thought I was going to have to throw in the towel, but once I got half of him in me, my pussy began to get accustomed to the size of the intruder.
I began bouncing on his cock and before I knew it, I had taken the whole thing. A big smile came to my face as I was proud of my accomplishment, but the smile soon switched to apprehension as I watched Boyd moving around behind me. I told him I was going to need some sort of lube before he took my back door, but he said he had that under control, and knelt behind me and started licking my ass, giving me one of the best rim jobs I'd ever had. Between his tongue licking all around and in my puckered little ass, and me bouncing on Dave's monster, I was soon screaming out in another orgasm. Boyd used my orgasm as a distraction and raised up on his knees, spit into his hand and lathered his slender cock in it, and lined it up with my shiny, pulsing wrinkled hole.
John inserted himself into the scene and placed his cock at my lips. Telling me to relax and just let the good feeling flow through me. Boyd had the head of his cock pressing at my hole and I pushed back at him a little, encouraging him to push more. Dave was remaining very still under me as we all waited for Boyd to get the head of his cock past my tight sphincter. With just enough pressure, but all the patience I needed, Boyd finally pushed through and suddenly I had 3 inches of his cock inside my ass.
Feeling Boyd's cock enter my ass and only being separated by a thin membrane, Dave began thrusting his hips up as I just knelt there enjoying a very odd sensation. In no time at all, Boyd was able to sink his entire dick into me, and when he began to pull back out, that's when John slid his cock into my mouth, completing the goal of me being airtight, and also giving the look as if his and Boyd's cock were somehow joined. Boyd sliding into my ass as John slid almost all the way out of my mouth. It was a mind blowing scene and was making my pussy cream all over Dave's huge cock. Although we all had a good rhythm going it did not take long for this experience to start coming to an end. I was having one orgasm after another as my pussy was being stuffed by Dave, who was also twisting and pinching my nipples from below, I had Boyd slamming hard into my ass from behind, and then I had John almost completely down my throat in front of me!
I could tell all three guys were going to cum any minute and the only thing I could think of was all of the cum I was about to receive. I pulled John's cock from my mouth and yelled out "I want the cum! I want all the cum!" I Pushed Boyd backwards and his cock slid out of my ass leaving my feeling a little empty back there. I raised up off Dave's thick meat and could feel that my pussy was still gaping open after his cock slid out. I laid down on the blanket, began rubbing my clit and yelled at the guys once again "Give me your cum! Cum over me! I want it on my tits, on my face, over my pussy! Shower me with your cum!" My fingers were a blur as I rubbed my clit through another orgasm, my eyes shut tight as I felt a drop, then more drops, eventually I my entire body was being drenched! I opened my mouth and stuck my tongue out, not really tasting much. I opened my eyes and discovered that I was in my tent, it was just a dream, but the fly covering the top of my tent had blown off, and it was getting windy and rainy outside.
I couldn't believe it was all a dream and lay there for another minute in shock, until Zeek started barking at me because now her was getting wet. I scrambled out of my tent to find the fly still attached by one string and wrapped it back over the top of my tent, stopping the water from coming inside. Back in the tent, soaked to the core, I laid back on my sleeping bag and wondered what the next day would bring at my campground.