She had asked me to do something completely different for her in our sex life. She did not want to be involved in deciding what it was, she wanted me to surprise her, I did not need to be gentle. After ten years together thinking of something completely new was going to be a challenge. As her birthday was coming up I decided to tie the two things in together. We had enjoyed punishment sessions with her both receiving and giving. While leaving the choice to me she had given me a lead.
When we woke up in the hotel I told her that the only sexual stimulation she was going to receive during the day was to have her clit punished in numerous different ways. It would be punished at least once an hour and she was free to ask for additional punishment if she wished. I would require her to be pantie-less on command which might well be all day.
The glint in her eye told me I had hit the mark and that she was excited by the prospect. She asked me to start the punishment immediately. Who was I to argue? I got her to lie on her back with her legs wide apart. I returned with the belt from my trousers and was delighted to see a wet pussy accompanied the glint in her eye. She definitely had liked the idea. I stood above her facing her feet. The first three strikes were not too hard landing at the top of her pussy. Although wet her clit was still struggling to appear from behind it's hood. I put this right with my fingers before landing six more blows directly to the now aroused button.
She said while it stung it made her feel alive and desperate for some more action. I told her that she would only be allowed three punishments on request during the day and she had just used one. I did have a surprise for her though. I applied a suction cup to her clit which when the suction was applied enlarged it and pulled it away from her body. This enabled a small rubber ring/band to be pulled tight up against her so that the clit was constrained just like a cock ring.
She loved this and went over to the mirror to see what it looked like. I told her that the next punishment would be given during breakfast and that she should wear a short skirt or dress and no panties. She seemed nervous but keen on the idea that this would be in public. I was excited by the fact that her clit looked huge and very red. She tried to go down on me as a way of getting me to play more with her but I escaped with a chuckle.
I had to ensure that we sat somewhere with a modicum of privacy for breakfast and a booth for four offered just enough. I ensured Jen sat by the wall and I sat on the same side of the table next to her. She was ensuring that I had a good view of her pussy before the waiter had even come over to take our order. She told me she was already feeling randy and could think of nothing but her need for sex.
As the waiter took our order she shifted her position so that he must have been able to see her naked pussy. He did seem a little flustered by the time he left the table. She was clearly buzzing again as I looked into her eyes. She had always had an exhibitionist streak and this was fun to her.
Taking a spoon off the table I told Jen to turn towards the room and open her legs a little more. In this position her pussy was not visible but above her waist was. I was able to get a good angle to strike her engorged clit with the back of the spoon. Each strike was not hard but I repeated them every couple of seconds. After about a dozen her eyes began to glaze over and I knew she was really enjoying herself. The look of disappointment on her face was a picture as I removed the spoon and stirred my coffee with it. She smiled as I returned it between her legs but flinched when the heat hit her clit.
Another dozen or so strikes had her pushing her bottom forward on the chair in an attempt to increase the contact. This time the spoon went into the ice bucket before returning between her legs. A dozen more strikes followed before the waiter approached the table. I removed the spoon from between her legs and gave it to him asking if he could replace it with a clean one. He saw exactly where it had come from and gave an embarrassed smile while still staring between Jen's very open legs. I did notice he put the spoon into his pocket as he walked off.
The rest of breakfast went off more conventionally but it was an excited Jen who almost dragged me back to our room. She pleaded with me to fuck her there and then but I declined with a smile. I said we could go down to the pool but that I had one surprise before that. I removed the rubber ring/band from her clit, which stretched her even more as I did so.
I had acquired a very strange tool from an antiques shop. No one at the antiques shop, nor I, knew what it was for but I had an idea what I could do with it. It was a bit like a spoon but the middle of it was cut out. The hole was the perfect size to fit over Jen's still swollen clit and as I settled it in position I was able to expose even more of her excited button. She laughed nervously just before I connected the vibrator to the handle of the spoon.
Her reaction was as if electrocuted. Holding the spoon in place I removed and reapplied the vibrator time and time again removing it when her hips pushed upwards to increase the pressure. I was loving how aroused she became but determined to not let her orgasm. She seemed both delighted by the teasing while also annoyed and very frustrated. I said she needed to cool off a bit. Putting the rubber ring/band back on her as tightly as possible I said it was time to spend a bit of time by the pool.
As we settled on our sunbeds I told her she was to read the book that I had finished the previous week. It was well written but pornographic. I was able to position the sunbeds so that the sun would be on Jen's legs that were not visible by anyone at the pool or in the hotel. With a small towel positioned correctly Jen was able to remove her bikini pants and have the sun directly on her pussy and erect clit.
The waiter arrived with our drinks and Jen ensured that he had a glimpse of her pussy and clit. After he had left we saw him talking and laughing with the waiter who served us breakfast. We both enjoyed the atmosphere this created. Taking an ice cube from my drink I told Jen to insert it into her pussy, which she did without hesitation. It took both the waiters to take our next drinks order and deliver them to us. Jen blatantly dropped her towel to give the young men a clear, unhindered view of her pussy with her legs wide apart. They would have had to be blind not to see her trapped clit.
Both men paid no attention to me as she mesmerized them. I asked them for some additional ice as I thought my wife was getting overheated. When the bolder one of the two returned he asked her if she wanted it where the other one had gone. I realized things were now out of hand. Not only had he seen her put an ice cube in her pussy but he was offering to put the next one there.
She simply opened her legs and said she would much appreciate the help. I sat staring in amazement, as he seemed to prepare her pussy before pushing it home. Not satisfied with that he inserted a finger a couple more times as if to ensure it was positioned to his satisfaction. His final move was to roll her clit between his thumb and finger before moving away. She made some comment about wonderful service and that she would find a tip for him later.
The two of them left with the biggest grins on their faces. I was lost for words for a few seconds before stupidly asking her whether what I had just seen had in fact happened. She told me if I kept teasing her as I had been she had no choice but to take her pleasure however she could find it. I realized I was losing all control of the situation when she took another ice cube and managed to work it into her bottom.
She told me that the two men watching her had been so thrilling her sexual excitement had been in danger of causing her to orgasm as her clit had been played with. She was flushed right down to he bikini top and her breathing was labored. She implored me to take her up to our room and fuck her senseless. I refused trying to take back control of the situation. She said she would not be responsible for her actions if I teased her more. I pointed out that she had hardly been responsible doing what she had just done. Her smile was completely disarming.
At this point she turned her sunbed round so that her feet were towards the pool and repositioned the towel so that it barely covered her pussy. With her legs clearly apart she settled back to read the book. I did not know who would be able to see what, but decided if I made anything of it it would only attract more attention. She read her book for a few minutes constantly shifting her position. She said that she was not sure whether the wetness between her legs was her excitement or the ice cubes melting.
We decided to take a nap in our room and ordered drinks to be delivered to us. Jen came back into the bedroom from the bathroom completely naked. Sitting on the bed she started to masturbate. I told her that she had no permission and taking a belt from one of the bathrobes I tied her hands behind her back. When I removed the rubber band from her clit it remained fully extended and purple. Jen was moaning as the circulation returned and it became super-sensitive.
I could not resist and sucked her huge clit into my mouth, playing with it with my tongue. She said it was the best her clit had ever felt and she would orgasm very quickly if I carried on. I decided to stop each time she got close to orgasm to further tease her. I had to be careful, as I knew she was very close. The knock on the door panicked me for a moment before I took the bathrobe and went to cover Jen up. She smiled at me and said let him have his fun.
With great reluctance I opened the door to find both of the waiters with huge smiles there with our drinks. Looking straight past me their smiles got larger and they inched nervously past me. Jen greeted them and thanked them for the drinks. Ignoring me the cocky one picked an ice cube out of the ice bucket and applied it firmly to Jen's clit. Jen's face was a picture as her eyes glazed over. He now circled the still erect clit with the fast melting cube. She was now muttering and moaning incoherently and I was reduced to an observer.
The quiet waiter stepped forward taking one nipple between finger and thumb and the other into his mouth. Jen's eyes found focus and found my eyes. Without words she asked me if it was all right. I was in no position to stop things even if I had wanted to. I had never seen her with anyone else and I was buzzing with excitement. She said that the ice cube was lovely but the cold was holding back her orgasm.
I thought the quiet waiter was giving me some space as he moved away but I was wrong. He was out of his clothes in seconds before tapping his colleague on the shoulder. Surprise number two was that he did not take over the cooling of her clit but instead slipped his large erect cock straight into her cooled pussy. Her words cut straight through me, she simply thanked him.
My reaction was strange as all I did was to untie her hands, as it did not seem right to restrict her. She was quickly being kissed by the cocky one as she was fucked hard. This lasted a couple of minutes before he pulled out still large and hard. Cocky now applied another ice cube before pushing it deep into her pussy. Jen was almost demented as he pushed himself inside her. She was urging him to fuck her but also to allow her to cum.
These two were really full of surprises as they stepped aside and told me to finish her off. They knelt beside her and offered their pricks to be sucked or pulled off. Jen was in no mood to refuse and as I fucked her now hot pussy she sucked one and pulled the other in turns. She never orgasms from missionary sex but this was a first as the first cock exploded in her mouth she exploded all over me. She went on and on thrusting up at me as she took the other cock in her mouth. She could not have been having an orgasm through all of this but appeared to be right until the second cock went off in her mouth and I came deep inside her hot pussy.
Later she said she would ask me to do something completely different more often as it had been the most wonderful sexual experience of her life. With a huge smile she asked me what I had planned for the rest of the day.