My wife Lynn and I got married when we were both only eighteen. Both of us had been raised in very conservative families. Especially Lynn her father being a preacher. But within only a few months we'd shed our conservative upbringing and found ourselves getting deep in the swinger lifestyle, which in the seventies was wide open. It had started when I took some nude pictures of Lynn and in no time we'd graduated to exhibitionism, voyeurism, and a few MFM threesomes with a few of my close friends.
Lynn and I both got really turned on when someone saw her sexy body nude or close to it. But living in a small ultra-conservative town where everyone knew everyone else's business we couldn't risk Lynn exposing herself here so we started going out of town almost every weekend so she could flash her sexy 5-8, 110-lb, 34D-24-35 body with long red hair & matching bush. And on one of these weekend excursions, we went into an adult bookstore so Lynn could expose herself to some of the customers there. And while there I noticed a magazine with what appeared to be lots of amateur pictures on the cover. Since we were really into taking nude photos I figured I'd buy it.
It turned out to be a swinger magazine called select and had ad's from couples looking for other couples to swap wives with. Which was something we'd never discussed. But it also had ad's from couples wanting to trade nude pictures through the mail. That kind of turned us on. Soon we were trading nude pictures with several couples. But only chose couples at least a hundred miles away. We were really enjoying the other couples seeing Lynn naked and on occasion seeing me nude if they wanted. Not to mention seeing pics of some really hot girls.
Plus we would share experiences with each other, ours mostly our experiences of Lynn exposing herself and the threesomes we'd had. A lot of the stories we received were about couples swapping wives. The thought of that sounded really hot but I was uneasy about saying anything to Lynn despite the fact she'd had sex with several other guys in our threesomes. But got a real surprise when she brought it up saying she thought that might be a good thing to try, saying she'd been with other guys and it was only fair I got to be with other girls. It just happened one of the couples we'd been trading pictures with had swung with a couple who lived near us. And they assured that not even were they hot, but they were ultra-discreet and said they'd be a perfect couple to help guide us into wife swapping.
They got in touch with the other couples and we each traded a couple of pictures where you couldn't see the faces. Then swapped phone numbers. About a week later we got a phone call, and it was them. Their names were Carl and Pat and they were in their thirties. Though they were older than us we figured they were experienced and could teach us a lot about the swinger lifestyle. Plus we'd noticed that pretty much all the couples in select were at least in their twenties or thirties at the youngest. Not to mention Pat was smoking hot. About 5-8, 120-lb, 36D-26-36 with long jet black hair. So we made plans to meet.
We'd planned on first, meeting for dinner to get to know each other and go from there. We really seemed to get along but couldn't talk about swinging because the restaurant was so crowded, so we went to our house for drinks and to talk. At one point Carl mentioned how hot looked in her picture we sent and asked if he could see more of them? Soon we were looking through one of our photo albums, and I could tell Lynn was getting turned on by them seeing her naked in the pictures.
When they got close to the end of the photo album Carl suggested us take some pictures of each other's wife. We jumped at that, so Carl got his camera out of his car. We took a couple of pictures of each other's wife fully clothed. Then Carl suggested they help each other undress. I wasn't sure if Lynn would go along with that but she was the first to say yes. Soon Pat had untied the belt on Lynn's wrap-around dress and opened it exposing that she was wearing a black garter belt & stockings with matching bra and panties. Then Lynn started to unbutton Pat's dress and seeing her hands so close to Pat's big tits was getting me hot as hell. I was just hoping it wasn't freaking her out. Because she hadn't seemed comfortable when we watched porno's and it came to a part with two girls hooking up.
Soon both of them had their dresses off and it turned on Pat was wearing a black garter, bra, and panties as well. They helped each other take off the garter belts & stockings. Then Carl told Pat to take off Lynn's bra. When I saw Lynn was wearing a front hook bra, so Pat had her hands right at Lynn's tits. My cock was rock hard but I was so worried Lynn would freak out. But she seemed to be fine with it as Pat unhooked it and slipped it off. But what happened next was a real surprise. When Lynn went to take off Pat's fully packed bra instead of having Pat turn her back to her my sexy young wife reached her arms around Pat pressing her tits against Pat's to unhook her bra.
Pat had the nicest tits I'd ever seen in my life, not just big but perfectly shaped and fantastic aureoles. But I was brought back to reality when Carl suggested Pat cup one of Lynn's tits. But as Pat cupped one of Lynn's firm 34D tits and start to fondle it Lynn was calm as could be. And without direction reached over and took one of Pat's big tits in her hand and was fondling it. After then neither Carl or I gave any directions things just played out. The girls started to kiss as they explored each other's bodies. They pulled each other's panties off leaving them nude and soon Pat was between my wife's legs eating her pussy and Lynn wasted no time in eating Pat's pussy as they got in a hot 69. They went at it until they got each other off as Carl and I fondled each other's wives' tits. We wasted no time and led them to the bedroom and we stripped and got in bed with them.
Pat went straight to my cock and started sucking it as Lynn went down on Carl. Lynn is fantastic at sucking dick and loves having a cock in her mouth. But Pat was no slouch, she would suck a while and lick up & down the shaft. Then go down and suck on my balls as she slid a finger inside my ass just a little, which was a first for me but really hot. I was so turned on as I watched my wife straddle Carl and start riding his cock while I fucked Pat's big tits. Something I'd wanted to do since I first saw her picture. Then I fucked her from behind and watched her reach over fondling Lynn's tits. Though I'd seen Lynn suck off and fuck other guys this took it to another level. I rolled Pat over and put her legs over my shoulders and started pounding my thick nearly nine-inch cock in her as hard as I could, and she was loving being fucked by an eighteen-year-old as she watched her husband fuck a hot eighteen-year-old girl she'd had sex with earlier.
I emptied a hot load of cum deep inside her pussy as Lynn had leaned over and was sucking one of Pat's big tits.
Pat had an orgasm at almost the same time. It must have turned Carl on because he started fucking the hell out of Lynn from behind until he shot a hot load inside her. It really turned me on when the girls started kissing & sucking each other's tits, then Pat went down and started licking my cum out of my young wife's pussy. I was playing with Pat's big tits and Carl had Lynn sucking his cock again. My cock had gotten rock hard again. An advantage of being only eighteen I guess. Once Pat saw me hard again she turned her attention to my cock again. At first, just stroking it then sucking on it. I couldn't resist telling her about my fantasy when I first saw her tits in her picture. I told her Lynn liked having guys fuck her tits & shoot off on them and that the first thing I'd thought of was fucking her big tits and shooting off between them.
She got a big grin on her face and said a lot of guys had wanted to fuck her tits and laid back. I fucked her tits again, only this time I shot off on them. And was pleasantly surprised when Lynn started sucking and licking up every drop as Carl was fucking her in the ass. By the time he'd shot his load on her ass & back we were all pretty spent. So they got dressed and left. But only after inviting us to their house the next week. We ended up swapping with them at least once a month for a few years and becoming friends outside of swinging. But they were only into wife swapping which was fine. But we continued going out of town for Lynn to flash people and occasionally pick up a stranger for a threesome or more some. We also put an add in select and specified we were looking for couples with bi wife. That had been Lynn's first time with a girl but far from her last.