The original concept for the day was for Godiva and I to have lunch with Lola, zip back to our place, and discover if threesome sequels were even more delicious than first times. Because I'm the luckiest human on earth, fate considered a simple threesome too mundane.
But let me back up a bit...
As far back as I can remember I never "got" monogamy. Even so, for many years, I had a typical monogamous marriage and anything beyond that seemed only to exist in movies or the letters in men's magazines. For her, monogamy was the only option, and I had no problem honoring her preference as we had great sex and a comfortable existence...right up to the point where she decided to trade me in on another model.
Single for the first time in my adult life I dove into learning about all things "open" and figuring out exactly what I wanted. It was a revelation to discover just how many kindred souls were experimenting with these concepts. I learned that there is no "right way" to be more open sexually - like most things, as long as it makes you happy, and no one gets hurt, why not give it a try?
Having always wondered about the friends-with-benefits concept I was lucky enough to meet a handful of women more than eager to educate me. Highlights included going to a house party to meet the husband of my first new playmate (when only the three of us knew the real story), falling into an my first threesome with a "lesbians-who-like-men" couple, and eventually another 3-year relationship with a gorgeous woman with whom I had a great deal of fun. But while opening-up the relationship was always a fun topic we never made the leap. When that relationship ended my experimenting resumed.
One of my new playmates, Faye, was married. The sex was great, and I got to see how her open marriage worked. The night she introduced me to Roy, her husband, climaxed with my second double-penetration experience. With two fat cocks in her pussy, Faye's earthquake of an orgasm set both Roy and me off while still inside her. Together we almost vibrated to pieces. A twitch from any of us rocked all of us - it was amazing. Subsequently I joined Faye and Roy a handful of times at their place, and it was always hot, sweaty, and left us agreeing "we should do that again."
During this window a longtime friend, Godiva, became more than a friend, and is now my wife and partner in crime. Of the two of us she's the cool one. She knew about my single-guy escapades but like most people had never really pondered the world of non-monogamy for herself. We began as friends-with-benefits but soon we were rarely apart. By this time, I had learned enough about myself to know that monogamy was not for me. In what was the first of a long line of non-events with my lady love, I finally mustered the courage to broach the question: "could you be happy in an open relationship?" After maybe 3 seconds of pondering she shrugged and said "let's give it a shot." Could it be that simple? My answer to that came after my first weekend away with a FWB.
Arriving home with more than a touch of trepidation, I opened the door to find Godiva nekkid in the front hall, in a pile of blankets, ordering me to lose the clothes. We were literally fucking within seconds of my coming through the door.
We have never looked back.
While I had the occasional play date it took Godiva a little more time to get comfortable enough to dip her toes in the water. Eventually curiosity won out and we decided that having another woman play with us both would be the way to begin. Lola, one of the coolest, sexiest, most together ladies I've had the pleasure to pleasure, would visit the city for business. The three of us began meeting for dinners - the third time at our place. It was my shy, reserved, wife that broke the small talk as we sipped wine by asking "how do we get this started?" Running upstairs for a quick shower, I emerged to find my nekkid wife in bed getting an oily massage from Lola - it just got better from there. It was an entirely scrumptious evening.
Onwards
The plan this particular Saturday was to meet Lola for lunch before whisking her back to our place for Threesome: The Sequel. During lunch I got a text from Faye, the MFM fan. Godiva and Lola watched me shaking my head while checking the phone. "Not work I hope?" Godiva asked. Grinning, I turned the phone around so they could read it.
Faye: "do you think your lovely wife would let you pop-over for a few hours? I have someone I'd like to introduce you to"
Any other day Godiva would have scooted me out the door with promises to "save some for me." I called Faye to break the news that we had a special guest making me improbably double-booked. After some "awww, poor man" joking Faye told me that Lynn, a friend she'd known since college, was in for the weekend. In the wee hours Faye had revealed her open marriage to Lynn for the first time. Unsurprisingly it was the only topic they'd discussed since. Lynn was amazed that her friends Faye and Roy were "crazy swinger people." We both laughed at the accuracy of the comment. :)
Roy, poor Roy, was hours away on a fishing trip he'd booked so Faye and Lynn could have a girls' weekend. Why poor Roy? Because that morning Lynn had admitted that she'd barely slept and asked if she thought Roy would be into a threesome as a way to dip her toes in the lifestyle with people she already knew.
With Roy hours away, Faye had the bright idea to see if any of her other male playmates might be available on short notice. Faye later described how Lynn began to get very nervous as Faye started sending texts "just to see who's around." When Faye answered my call she was giggling. "You would not believe the look on my poor friend Lynn's face right now."
Unfortunately, all I could do was offer sympathy for their plight. I wished them luck in their search and got back to lunch. I explained the crazy situation and after a moment Lola offered "it sucks when you have double-bookings." Godiva and I looked at her with our best "tough life" faces and even Lola had to laugh at how silly (and lucky!) she sounded. Then she asked "what if all three of us went over after lunch? Just to say hello?"
We immediately saw that there was fun to be had even if it was just a friendly visit before zooming home to our king-sized bed. Imagine how worked-up we'd be by then given how turned-on we were already?! I texted Faye to see if they'd found their fella yet and if not would talking with three more crazy swinger people be something Lynn might enjoy? Faye's reply: "We have been into the white wine - get over here before she comes to her senses!"
On the short drive to the house, we speculated about what might happen. Likely just some sexy conversation about the ins-and-outs of open relationships - but you never know. Perhaps nudity? Sex? Would Lynn run away screaming? Faye opened the door to three giggling fools. We met Lynn, and I introduced Lola. Lynn was visibly nervous but also happily excited. She admitted to being well outside her comfort zone but was enthralled learning about Faye's "secret life." She also could not resist saying "but you look like normal people!" to great hilarity.
We gathered in the living room on the spacious L-shaped leather sofa that I knew very well from my play dates with Faye and Roy. We chatted over wine. Lynn was full of questions:
How did I meet Faye and Roy? How did Godiva and I get started? Did you really come here instead of heading home to have a threesome? It was obvious that she was both fascinated by the concept but unsure if it were really something she could enjoy. I think anyone new to the idea can relate to her mix of excitement and anxiety.
One thing she was concerned about was if all the ladies were bi-sexual. She was not sure where her boundaries were in that regard. She relaxed a little when she learned that while Faye enjoyed men and women equally, Lola and Godiva, while comfortable with women, saw themselves more as "heteroflexible." The key things being just doing what you were comfortable with, and with good people, there should be no pressure.
This is where the adventure really began.
Godiva chuckled and related how she bonded with Lola early in our threesome. They were treating me to an oily, teasing, massage and arguing about "did you touch the twitching penis, or did it touch you?" (Goofy is the hallmark of our sexual adventures). I got a nice ego boost when Faye stage-whispered to Lynn "his girth is delicious and his tongue - unf!" I gave a tiny bow and couldn't stop smiling. Lola, quiet until now, looked at me with a twinkle in her eye then asked Lynn "would you like to see what he's packing?"
Lynn was speechless. Both Faye and I started sputtering - don't worry, we're just talking, this is all new to you, etc. Lynn surprised us all when she turned to Godiva and asked "would you really be ok with that?" Godiva laughed. "Well, it's only fair - you're the only one who hasn't seen him naked." All the ladies laughed. Lynn blushed and covered her face with her hands saying, "Faye you have some freaky friends!"
Now I'm an exhibitionist but must admit my mind was going a mile-a-minute wondering where this might lead. Godiva caught my look and grinned. "Are you getting shy?" I was *acutely* aware of the four pairs of eyes burning into me while my cock strained against my jeans. "Maybe I am. But for my friends, I will soldier on. What would you have me do?" That brought a short lull. Godiva had her own shy moment as the three ladies glanced to her for next steps. She made a decision. "How about you have to do whatever we tell you, no questions asked. Would you be into that?"
"Of course!" said the lucky fool and Godiva was so giddy she actually clapped her hands.
That level of joy should have worried me.
There was an awkward moment while everyone sipped their drinks - no one breaking the ice. Sensing this, Lola waved her empty goblet at me. "Oh Playtoy, more wine" and gave me her best innocent smile. Faye said "ooooh this is going to be fun." The next few minutes they took turns ordering me around. Refilling wine glasses. Massaging their shoulders. Putting on some music. Very simple, but in the moment, very hot, given the undercurrent of "what happens next?" Upon returning with two refilled wine glasses Godiva stopped me as I moved to hand them over. "No, no, Playtoy, you have to put the drinks on the side table. We've decided that while we can touch you, you are not allowed to touch any of us - even accidentally."
I was now looking at four increasingly evil grins and wondered what they had been plotting. "OK no problem..." Lola interrupted me. "And no more talking. Playtoys should be seen and not heard. Nothing but 'yes mistress' from now on understood, Playtoy?" They laughed as they watched me begin to realize how much trouble I was in.
"Yes Mistress"
Faye spoke up. "Playtoy go to the bedroom - you know where it is - and get the large bottle of massage oil from the side table. And grab as many towels as you can carry from the closet in the hallway."
"Yes Mistress"
As I padded upstairs, I could hear the whispers as they planned what came next. I returned to the ladies huddled together and giggling. I stood holding the oil and towels. Faye looked me up and down. "Playtoy, slide the coffee table away, spread the big towels to cover the carpet in front of the sofa; then put the hand towels where we can reach them." Easy. With the towels laid out I stood waiting for the next direction. Faye squeezed Lynn's leg saying "Wellllll?" Lynn took a breath and sputtered "Playtoy, strip and let us look at you."
"Yes Mistress"
Finally! I made a show of slowly unbuttoning my shirt. Godiva was having none of it. She came over and slapped my hands. "Put those behind your back Playtoy, can't have you touching me."
"Yes Mistress"
"Good Playtoy" and she squeezed my cock through my jeans as she kissed me. Then she unbuttoned my shirt, tossed it aside, and slid my pants and boxer-briefs to my knees - carefully not touching my rising cock. Then she went back to her seat as Lola and Faye cajoled the ever-blushing Lynn to get an eyeful.
I was bobbing free, at half-mast and rising, with my pants around my shins. I stayed still, but my cock had other ideas. Godiva pointed "you can see his pulse" to general mirth. Lola moved over to me, exhaled her hot breath on my neck, and then knelt. "Playtoy, let's get these off" and tugged my clothes so I could step out of them. As I lifted each foot, she exhaled hot breath on my cock but did not touch me. More laughter as I tried to keep my balance.
She looked up at me smiling. "You had no idea this would happen but you're loving every minute of this aren't you?"
"Yes Mistress!"
As she stood, she trailed one finger up my thigh, across my balls, and then traced the veins in cock from base to head. Blowing me a kiss she then returned to the sofa.
I was fully erect.
The four ladies were very animated, talking and laughing. Lynn was intrigued enough, and bold enough, to walk a circle around me. "Faye he's...curved. I've never felt a curved cock." Faye replied, "trust me, it's very memorable." Godiva and Lola added "mmm-hmm's" to more laughter. As Lynn returned to the sofa I stood there, my pulse in my cock, loving my life.
After a few moments Faye seemed to remember her original plan. "Playtoy, take the massage oil, get yourself oiled from the neck down - and not too fast. We want to watch."
"Yes Mistress"
I started pouring it on my shoulders to run down my back - turning to let them watch me spread the oil on my back and ass. Then I faced them again and slowly oiled my arms to see if I could prompt a response. After a full minute of oiling my arms and shoulders Godiva couldn't resist. "Playtoy get that front-side and your cock coated before we get upset."
"Yes Mistress," said the overconfident man.
I poured more oil across my collar bones and let it run down - some dripping onto the towels.. Then I crouched to do my legs before working back up to my chest, belly, and finally, adding even more oil to my cock and balls. I used both hands to stroke and spread the oil. Then I cradled my balls in one hand while slowly stroking my shining cock. There was a brief silence as they all gawked at the shiny naked man.
I saw that Godiva had genuinely lost the thread for a moment as her animal brain took in her shiny, stroking, man. She blinked when she realized I was watching her. Reverie broken, she turned to Lynn and asked "how are you doing? Should we make him get dressed?"
Lynn seemed to have no end to how much she could blush. "I've never seen anything like this - hell I've never thought about something like this. With Faye - much less people I just met. God - there's an oily naked man right there! I'm a little off balance and not sure what to say." Faye suggested that perhaps we dial it back so that Lynn could relax. Lynn bit her lip, and buried her face in her hands for a moment before looking up. "No, I am really amazed at how easy this all seems." Turning to Godiva she blurted "I hope you are not upset if I tell you I'm staring at his penis." Courage gone she tried to hide her face behind Faye's shoulder.
Godiva grinned. "It's a turn-on knowing people find 'my cock' sexy Lynn. The only problem with compliments is Playtoy's ego getting out of control." Lola purred "well then I'm no help - seeing that cock has me so turned-on that I'm grabbing a hand towel to prevent soaking the leather on the sofa."
They all laughed. For a few minutes my tormentors chit-chatted about things like jealousy, boundaries, and any question that popped into Lynn's head. I resumed spreading the oil and slowly turning back and forth so that they all could see.
Faye piped-up. "It's not everyday you have a naked man, dripping with massage oil, in your living room. Lynn, if you're really ok...what should we do with him?" I cupped my hands and made like I was fucking them, just to put on a show.
Lola, enjoying this far too much, offered "how about we see how long he can edge himself...with or without our help?" Lynn gave a quizzical look, so Lola explained "basically how long can he masturbate without being allowed to cum."
Uh oh.
Lynn was open-mouthed and wide-eyed again. Lola sat back, grinning away at me. Godiva and Faye looked at one another and nodded. They looked to Lynn to see if she was going to call a halt. Lynn sort of shrugged and quietly said "well maybe he could start and I'll see..." and trailed off.
I was facing one wide-eyed woman and three grins that would make sharks envious.
Faye, in a very proper tone: "Playtoy start stroking yourself and *do not stop* even when you're adding more oil. You do not have permission to cum. Understand?"
"Yes Mistress"
My mind wandered. Knowing that we'd be meeting Lola I had not cum for a couple of days. I woke up horny. Lunch had been fun and sexy. I'd been semi-erect since before we walked into the house. This did not bode well for my stamina. As I began to stroke for real, I poured on more oil to help keep things slippery in hopes of lasting through the next few minutes.
Lola continued her evil ways. "Playtoy I can't see. Stand right here." I moved to the edge of the sofa, facing her. Long, slow, strokes. A drop of oil landed on the leather sofa. "Playtoy! Be careful!" I stepped back but she stopped me. "I didn't say move" and she snapped her fingers and pointed to get me back in place.
"Yes Mistress"
Lola was in her element. "Ladies do you mind? I don't want to get oil on my shirt." All shook their heads, so Lola pulled off her top - she'd skipped wearing a bra. Cupping her her perfect B-cups, she grinned up at me. This made Lynn giggle. "You guys are freaks!" Then the next surprise: Lynn took a quick breath then threw off her own top revealing a lacy black bra and eye-popping cleavage. It had not been obvious under her sweatshirt. Double D's at least.
Oh boy.
Godiva saw me glance away from Lynn's chest. "Playtoy it's rude not to admire us - are you afraid you'll cum too fast seeing all these breasts?" She raised her eyebrows to Faye and both ladies doffed their tops and bras. Godiva also made a point of adjusting her nipple rings knowing I was watching. And stroking. But I was under control, going slowly, not squeezing.
Lynn must have felt out-of-place. She had a crazy giggle and shook her head before undoing her bra and tossing it aside saying, "this is nuts!"
She had magnificent breasts - by far the largest of the four ladies. Faye saw me looking. "Lynn, I think he likes what he sees." Lynn leaned forward, laughing, and bounced her tits in her hands. "Do you like me Playtoy?"
My voice broke: "Yes Mistress"
I had to slow this down. It was feeling good and looking better. Lola whispered to Godiva, and they nodded. Lola asked Faye about the sofa being safe for oil. Faye nodded, "we got this leather because it's easy to clean - no worries there." Happy with that Lola turned back to me. "Playtoy, our breasts badly need some oil - don't stop stroking."
"Yes Mistress"
While I stroked, and crouched to grab the oil, they slid off their pants. Each wore lacy "another woman will see these, so they better be fancy" panties. Their arousal was obvious as their lingerie was soaked-through. In tandem they leaned forward, cupping their tits, and I poured generous amounts of oil into their cleavage and across their collar bones. Each began to rub the oil in - need I explain how fucking hot shiny, oil-slicked, breasts look? My lord. "Playtoy you're not stroking fast enough, chop chop" ordered Faye seeing me lost in the cleavage.
"Yes Mistress"
"You know Lola" began my lovely wife, "Playtoy could not stop talking about how hot it was when we kissed during our threesome." Lola eagerly leaned in. First, they pressed their oiled breasts together while watching me, then they shared a long, lingering, kiss. I felt a twitch and reached that "so hard it hurts" phase...which in retrospect, was the same state I was in the first time I saw them kiss.
I took a few deep breaths. I was still stroking but hoped they would not notice I was barely touching myself in hopes of slowing down the orgasm freight train.
Hope was short-lived.
"Faye?!" Lynn exclaimed, drawing our attention.
Faye was rolling-off her yoga pants, before reclining happily naked. Giving Lynn a wink she said "Playtoy - oil my feet." I stepped over to her and began carefully pouring oil on one foot. I couldn't help but admire the perfectly groomed triangle of dark hair above her smooth, pink, pussy. I handed her the oil and began rubbing it in with my free hand. When I pressed my thumb onto her arch I was rewarded with that wonderful pleasure/pain groan as I hit the nerves just right. It was also a perfect distraction from the constant stroking - focusing on her lovely foot and the pressure points was a good distraction...but it was countered by the scent of a woman who had been turned-on for hours. Faye's pussy was glistening - my mouth was watering.
One foot done, Faye poured the oil on the other, so I could repeat the foot rub. I was nicely back in control by now. This was a perfect distraction. "That's enough Playtoy. Hands behind your back."
"Yes Mistress"
With one delicate foot, she pressed the top of her toes under my balls, and began slowly massaging in a circle. I could not stifle a moan. Lola giggled, "oh Faye you're evil - I like you!!" Faye smiled. Then she raised her other foot and pressed my shaft back against my torso. One foot massaging my balls, one teasing my over-sensitive cockhead. I twitched more than once but the only response was more giggles. "Playtoy no closing your eyes remember?" I did not even realize I had them closed as I was getting lost in how good this was feeling. Faye ran her oil drenched arch up and down my shaft while pressing my balls firmly against my body.
My heart was pounding in my ears.
Lynn rescued me. "Faye!" she squealed (even I laughed) "ease up or he's not going last." She was still blushing but now she was leaning forward, shyness forgotten, and enjoying the show. Faye squeezed my cock between her soles, pumped a few times, then relented and let me bob free.
It felt like my first breath in days.
Lola was reclining, rolling a nipple in the fingers of one hand, while running the fingertips of her other hand over my wife's oiled chest. "Playtoy, step back, and get stroking." I resumed a slow pace and was able to implore Faye with my eyes to add more oil. Faye turned to Lynn. "Dear friend, what would you think of a little breast massage, you know, just to keep Playtoy interested?" Lynn stared at her friend for a moment. Then she stood, stripped to her panties, and curled back onto the leather. Squeezing her eyes shut she cupped her tits and thrust her chest towards Faye. "When in Rome" she said in a more confident tone than earlier.
We all watched as Faye doused Lynn's tits with oil. Faye then began kneading Lynn's ample right breast. Faye's tiny hands looked even smaller against Lynn's chest. Faye would slow to press her thumb in a circle around the nipple. Satisfied with her work, Faye repeated the process on Lynn's left breast. Once Lynn was coated and glistening, Faye slowly rubbed, squeezed, and tweaked all over both breasts. Lynn's spectacular chest rose and fell, her breathing ragged.
Lynn was curled on the sofa, eyes closed, head back. When Faye tweaked Lynn's nipples, Lynn's breath would catch, leaving no question as to how good it felt. Faye stage-whispered "I've wondered how these must feel since we were in college." Lynn laughed through a moan, and stuck her tongue out at Faye.
I was swelling back to painful proportions despite my efforts to slow down. I felt the tell-tale belly twinge as my balls rose - harbinger of a long overdue orgasm. Godiva was watching like a hawk. "Playtoy stop stroking. Tug those balls until they behave." Immediately I was bobbing free using both hands to stretch my balls and stop the freight train. "Good boy. Now keep them taut..but keep those eyes up."
"Yes Mistress." I was gulping for air.
As Godiva played with her own slick nipples.
As Faye tweaked Lynn's slick nipples.
As Lola - panties long gone - shamelessly fingered her clit while holding my eyes.
Godiva mused "Poor Playtoy almost went over the edge just now." I regained a semblance of control and was breathing more easily. Faye gave Lynn's magnificent tits a final squeeze then let them bounce free. Lynn sank back on the couch cradling her tits - her eyes glazed, chest still heaving. Naked Faye tip-toed on the towels and circled me while trailing her fingernails through the oil on my chest, my arms, my back. She made me jump by giving my slick hard-on a playful slap on the way past. Then, leaning-in from behind, hot breath in my ear, nipples grazing my back: "Playtoy, hands to your sides."
"Yes Mistress"
I was so over-stimulated that it was like an electric shock when Faye gently cradled my balls with her hand. I could not help another moan as she began a slow, gentle, massage.
As she knelt behind me Faye spoke to Lynn. "You know what happens if we keep taunting him. Are you into that?" Lynn, cupping her chest, returned from her massage-trance. I could see her mind racing and I knew it was the beginning of the end when her smile rose to match the other ladies. Unfolding herself from the sofa, tits swaying, Lynn made a show of sliding her panties off and kicking them aside. She picked-up the oil, and then to the "oooooh's" and clapping of Godiva and Lola in the bleachers, settled onto the floor before me. Grabbing the oil she hesitated, then glanced to Godiva who quietly reassured her "put that Playtoy to good use."
My own breathing was ragged as Faye's slippery thumb was now teasing my ass while the ball massage continued. Still seeming too shy to hold my eyes, Lynn found her voice by squeezing my cock. Taking a firm grip on my shaft she said "Playtoy stop swaying. No more twitching."
Deep breath. Swallow. "Yes Mistress"
My eyes must have wandered off as I was losing any ability to focus. Godiva would have none of it. "Playtoy don't embarrass me in front of my friends. Eyes on Lynn." As I was about to reply Faye slid the tip of one slippery finger into my ass.
I croaked out "Yes...Mistress"
Lynn had applied more oil to her tits and was displaying them to me as she held them in her hands. They were spectacular -- full, with large, dark areolae, and prominent nipples. Lola, slowly masturbating, and breathing hard: "Lynn I think he's afraid of you and your perfect breasts" - more laughter. In a new, lower tone, Lynn replied "he better be." Rising to her knees, she stroked me a few times, amused by my groaning. Then she leaned into me and pressed her tits together around my slick cock. When I twitched and caught my breath, she met my eyes. "No moving" she ordered.
"Yes Mistress" I gasped.
With that she began slowly sliding herself up and down on my straining cock. Her tits were so velvety with the oil, the pressure as she squeezed them was perfect. I was gasping for air. Then Faye slipped her slippery finger into my ass and brushed my prostate. I was so lost in this it was all I could do to keep my eyes open.
Not breathing, I watched my cockhead bobbing in and out of view as Lynn fucked me with her cleavage. As she rose and fell on my cock she finally met my eyes, inhibitions gone. Faye's delicate finger circled my prostate. It was all I could do not to fall over. Godiva: "Playtoy is about to pop Lynn - you better get clear."
Instead, Lynn froze with the head of my cock just visible between her tits. I began to tremble head to toe as a moan built in my throat. Lynn looked down and then ran the tip of her tongue along the underside of my dark-purple cockhead.
Over. The. Edge.
The first blast of cum spattered Lynn's face and tongue. The second pump arced over her shoulder, frosting her hair, her back, and I heard it rain onto the sofa behind her. If Faye had not leaned in to support me, I might have toppled over. Throughout, Faye kept teasing my prostate, and with each twitch of her finger, another burst of cum hit Lynn's chin and her perfect, glistening, tits. Three, four, five...I lost track of how many ropes of cum they milked out of me. Even when the orgasm relented slightly, Faye's prostate massage kept cum pouring out of me to pool in Lynn's cleavage. I was trembling and barely breathing.
Hoots and hollers from the spectators brought me back to reality. Faye was giggling looking at Lynn's cum dappled face and chest. Lynn stood, curtsied to Godiva (spilling cum everywhere) but then realized cum was running down her face. With her hands sticky, Lynn tried wiping her face with her wrist and that woke me from my orgasm haze. I lifted her chin with a finger, tongued her cheek clean, and kissed her deeply. She was ravenous in returning the kiss. When our lips parted, she gasped "god you even taste good!" I watched as she used her tongue to vacuum up more white cum from beside her mouth.
My dazed smile was probably 10-feet wide.
Forgetting the no speaking rule, I said to Lynn "any friend of Faye is friends of ours." She squeezed my too sensitive cock like a handshake: "Pleasure to meet you Playtoy." Turning again to Godiva she added "thank you for letting me play with him."
I surveyed the scene and wobbled-over to kiss my wife. She kissed me deeply and also gave my cock a squeeze to make me jump. As I grabbed a towel and moved to sit down Godiva stopped me. "Playtoy was not instructed to sit."
I froze as all eyes turned to Godiva.
"Lola is squirming. Make her cum with your tongue. I have a suspicion that will be quick...because I'm next. Faye, what about you?" Faye replied "mmm-hmmmmm...but I'm going to set up the camera if no one has any objections. Roy would kill me if I don't get something to share when he returns." She went about getting a recording going.
Godiva turned to Lynn who was now dabbing her sticky chest with a towel. "What about you Lynn? Safe to assume you're having fun too?" Without hesitation Lynn said, "I need to cum so badly. I'm so fucking turned-on right now." She couldn't help laughing and blushing again. Looking at Faye she said "what have you gotten me into? I'm wiping a man's cum off my face while his wife is in the room encouraging me!!" Everyone laughed.
Godiva put her hands on my face and smooched me long and deeply. "Lynn's going to keep herself ready, so you make her cum after Faye." Glancing to Lynn she added "after that he'll be hard again, and you can decide if you want to know first-hand how that curve feels from the inside."
Lynn now shared the animalistic look the other ladies were wearing. "Do you want to fuck me Playtoy?"
"Yes Mistress!!"