Sarah had introduced the debut of Annette on her website with another video message, the feedback from the intro to Holly and Juliet's recent appearance having been very well received. She was sitting naked on the stool as the video rolled.
"Hi guys! I've got some more really good content for you all. Even if you didn't see their video on here, and I highly recommend you watching if you didn't, you've probably heard of Holly and Juliet by now. If you haven't, they are my ex-students who asked if they could get involved in some of the filthy stuff I get up to.
"Well, have I got a treat for you. Today I can introduce you to Annette. She is, believe it or not, Holly's mother! Just like Holly, she contacted me and was really interested in doing a video. And, just like her daughter, she is one hot lady.
"Annette was actually a page three girl, before Holly was born. And she'd always wanted to get involved in some sexier modelling. So, when Holly beat her to it, she was straight in contact with me to have a go herself. Any wow, does she make an amazing debut!
"Please let us know in the comments what you think and let us know in the comments how much you enjoy wanking over this extraordinarily sexy lady."
Annette's performance went down superbly well. Perhaps due to the significant boost in subscribers we'd seen since her daughter and her friend's appearance, the number of comments on her video and pictures dwarfed any outside of Sarah's epic gangbang videos, which had been available for many weeks now.
Additionally, the press had predictably latched onto this, with more outraged articles of how Annette's poor parenting had obviously led to the debauched behaviour of her daughter. From our point of view, we'd come to welcome this publicity, as it was advertising we could never have achieved by any other means. As a result of this our subscriber numbers had shot up again by at least as many as followed Holly and Juliet's appearance.
We were having a quiet night in, which basically meant watching some of Sarah's performances on the big screen with a bottle of wine and pizza. Sarah's phone buzzed.
"It's Annette -- she's round the corner, asking if she can come up?" We duly buzzed her into the gate and awaited her arrival. She wasn't alone, Holly was with her.
"Hi guys," The pair of them made a stunning sight. Holly really was just a younger version of her mother, and her mother was superb looking. Both with long blonde hair, and dressed in short skirts and vest tops, if you could have drawn a picture of a sexy mother and daughter pairing this would be it. Holly had her hair in sexy bunches, and her mother a ponytail. Both had such shapely, elegant legs and thin waists, widening to a buxom chest. They were stunning.
The added bonus, I reminded myself, was Sarah and I had sex with both of them before, and most likely could and would do again. How my life had changed since I met Sarah. I smiled at them both, and each was clearly pleased to see me.
"To what do we owe this honour," Sarah wondered. On the big TV a video played of Sarah on the beach in Spain, straddling a lounger, legs wide apart whilst between twenty and thirty young lads sat entranced at the sight.
"Sorry," Annette nodded at the screen. "Did we disturb something?" Sarah laughed.
"I challenge you to come at a time when you don't disturb some sort of dirty thing or other we're getting up to," I said.
"You're such a lucky girl," Annette said, wistfully. Herself and Holly spent a few minutes watching as Sarah started playing with herself for her audience on-screen, occasionally murmuring their approval at her overtly slutty behaviour.
"See that, Holly? Sarah's the master. Look how she's got all of them in the palm of her hand," They continued to look, before Holly broke the silence.
"You're such a slut, Miss Clarke! But so is my mum..."
"You can talk!"
"Let's just say we're all sluts," Sarah intervened, grinning. This seemed acceptable to everyone.
"OK, but my mum, listen to what she wants to do!" We turned to Annette. She was looking flushed, in a similar way to how she'd been the other night when we'd been discussing her fantasies, and had ended up fucking, via an open legged fingering display to passers-by in a taxi.
"Firstly, thank you so much, again, for letting me on your site. Every time I look there's hundreds more comments, and it's so hot watching all that back, and reading what they have to say about me!"
"Thank you, Annette," I replied. "Do you know how many more subscribers we've had since your set went live? It's a lot!"
"Oh, I didn't know that. Well, that's amazing, do you really think they've subscribed because of me?"
"Well, there's no official figures, but there's no doubt we saw a massive spike after Holly and Juliet's appearance, and another one after your set. You can expect a very healthy cheque any day now."
"Oh my god! I hadn't even thought of the money. I was so horny and ready for it, that's all I was interested in!"
"And that's why you are getting paid so well, Annette. And you, Holly. If you'd turned up, just doing it for the money, people wouldn't have been so fucking horny. I'm sure the number one reason I've been so successful is that I just fucking love it! I'm doing now what I'd be doing anyway, given half the chance. You can tell when someone's just going through the motions, so that real interest, real lust for filthy sex, that's what people are happy to pay for, and what they don't get elsewhere."
Suitably complimented, Annette continued.
"OK, well that's just amazing, and I'm going to really need that money, because I got fired the day after my video went live."
"Oh! I'm sorry!" Sarah sympathised. She'd experienced something very similar not too long before.
"I'm not! Especially now you've told me I've got some money coming my way. They weren't allowed to just sack me; I've been there that long. I got quite a nice little pay-off, so nothing to worry about. And my ex still pays for my house, so I'm absolutely fine on the money front."
"Listen, Annette. Any time you need money, just let us know. You'll always be popular with our audience, I can tell you that from all the comments, and we'll always pay you what you deserve." Sarah assured her.
"Well that's made me feel even better. And perhaps what I was going to suggest is an even better idea now." Holly looked sideways at her mother, rolling her eyes.
"I can see you doing that!" Annette laughed.
"What do you have in mind?" Sarah questioned.
"Well, I've been thinking, and it's got me so fucking hot, about what we were talking about, you know, my fantasies."
"Go on," Sarah grinned. She filled mine and her wine glass, eager to hear what Annette had planned.
"Well, what I kept coming back to, and just gets me so, so horny, is what you were saying about the young lads, quantity ahead of quality, and how enthusiastic they are. I just can't get the idea out of my head - of having a load of young cock, all hard for me, taking turns and fucking me so well, so hard."
Annette had initially struggled a bit to express her thoughts, but she was clearly now very comfortable talking like this, which would lead to some amazing conversations with her and Sarah, who was similarly uninhibited in her speech.
"I can definitely vouch for that," Sarah agreed. As we spoke, the beach video had finished, and the next had auto played. Sarah was now bending over the couch in our apartment in Spain, as young lads just like in Annette's fantasy queued up for their turn inside her.
"This is so fucking hot," Holly muttered. She'd also frequently expressed her interest in a whole group of lads 'going to town' on her.
"So, all those boys, you will know a lot of them, from college. Holly's in touch with some of them. They must have been wanking themselves raw over Holly and Juliet, but now they're talking about me. Holly isn't that bothered about them, not given them a sniff no matter how much they beg. But Holly says she's fine if I want to try my luck."
Holly again rolled her eyes, but it was clearly in a resigned way, and she didn't have any real problem with her mother's plan to make herself sexually available to her male peers.
"I don't even really see them much, to be honest." Holly said casually. "But they are all so hot for mum now they've seen how horny she is, and she's so ready for it - it would seem cruel to try to put a stop to that."
Annette smiled lovingly at Holly and continued.
"And the one thing that was holding me back, well. I'm friends with Jack's mum. She came over the other night, a few days after my video went live and I'd been in all the papers. I didn't know what to think -- she's pretty well-to-do, and we'd never talked about anything like, you know, that."
Sarah was curious. Jack was one of the young men from the newsagents the other day.
"Jack, wow. Was his mum OK? I mean with me and everything? I signed a copy of the mag, I think I said something like 'enjoy wanking over me' or similar!"
"Please wank over me, it said!" Annette laughed. "I got the feeling he's taken you up on that, from what his mum said.
"We spent ages talking. We've always been pretty close, but I had no idea how she'd take finding out about my slutty side. We sat and watched the whole video through together."
Images of Annette's recent whorish behaviour flashed through my mind. The thought of her reviewing all of this with her well-to-do friend was mind-blowing.
"She's a lovely lady, Suzanne. But nothing like me -- she was absolutely fascinated in everything we did, but with no sign of it making her horny. She just seemed to enjoy that we were all enjoying ourselves. Not a hint of judgement."
"She sounds nice," said Sarah.
"She is. And also, very generous. Get this. I was showing her some of your best stuff. Stuff like this," she motioned up at the screen, where multiple loads of semen were steadily making their down Sarah's face, shoulders and neck before being flung all over the place as it reached her swinging tits, which were hypnotically circling as she was being hammered from behind by the latest in a succession of young cocks. There was a long silence as we all took in this beautiful scene.
"Sorry, where was I," Annette said, breaking out of the trance. "I got a bit distracted there, what a sight! Oh yes, Jack's mum. So, I told her what a fantasy of mine it was, doing something like that. With a load of young, enthusiastic, hard young lads. Then she says she knows for a fact the feeling is mutual, and those young lads would love to do that just as much as I would, she'd heard Jack and his friends talking about it, more than once."
"It's true," said Holly, still with a resigned tone but not in any way upset at the thought, it seemed. "Even back at school, Mum always raised plenty of comments, picking me up, at parties and that sort of thing. But it used to be the dads!"
"I enjoy the thought that I'm the object of some desires," Annette continued, a clear flush in her cheeks. "But I never thought anything would. I mean, I'm more than twice their age!"
"Your age means nothing," Sarah purred. "You are a stunning woman. Of course, any horny young lad would want a piece of you."
"Thanks," Annette beamed. "It means so much coming from you. But anyway, Jack's mum hadn't shown any disapproval, and by then she'd watched the whole of Holly and Juliet's video too. So, I just came out with it. I said I'd love to fuck Jack, and his friends."
"What did she say!" Sarah almost squealed.
"Believe it or not, she seemed to think it was a great idea! Kept going on about it being a good learning experience for Jack, and how women of our age shouldn't let things pass us by."
Again, there was a silence, before I broke it.
"Your influence is growing!" I laughed to Sarah. "This town has become full of absolute perverts, and it's all thanks to you."
"It's nothing to be ashamed of," Annette assured her -- not that she needed assuring. Sarah seemed delighted at this sexual liberation that her activities had seemingly helped to spark. "Anyway, this is where I need your help. I want Jack, Michael, Phillip, all of those lads, if they are interested, taking turns on me. They can do whatever they want to me. But Holly's not going to be my pimp. To be fair I don't think it's a daughter's job to arrange for her friends to fuck her mother."
"It's so hot that she's OK with you doing it, in my opinion," I said. Sarah agreed. Holly flashed a sweet smile. "You know that all the mothers aren't going to be as accommodating as Jack's mum though?"
"Oh, I know. But I really don't care. As Suzanne said, we're talking about adults -- grown men. And I'm not going to force anyone to do anything they don't want to do."
Sarah offered the girls a glass of wine. Annette was driving so refused, but Holly had a small glass. She topped me up, I was guzzling mine, really enjoying where the conversation was going.
"So, I was wondering." Annette continued. "I reckon all of these lads are on your site, or some of them anyway. I'd love to do a proper gangbang, get fucked by their hard young cocks, let them spunk in me, on me, fuck my cunt, my arse, whatever they feel like. And I'd love you to film it, and put me up on your site, let everyone see how much of a whore I can be."
"Quite the invitation!" I chuckled.
"I loved my last film," she continued. "But you were just filming me on your phones. I'd like it to be super high quality like Holly and Juliet's was. And I don't know if it's possible, but I'd love it to be like it was when I was doing Page three -- people standing around watching, and a proper make-up girl. Makes you feel like a star!"
"Well," said Sarah, delighted with Annette's enthusiastic ideas. "I don't see how we can refuse that, right Dan?" I shook my head.
"But how about this," Sarah went on. "Ever since I left the college, I've been waiting for an opportunity to get really dirty with my students -- it's so fucking hot. That's why it was so amazing to get together with you, Holly - and Juliet. But I'll admit I've been teasing the lads. That night at the club, I decided there would be no more teasing, I want to fuck them."
Sarah recalled her appearance at Park Lane Lap dancing club a couple of months previously, which was the first time I'd encountered Annette's daughter and her friend. All twelve of her ex-students who had attended had queued up for a five-minute private 'dance' which had effectively been Sarah spreading her legs and allowing them to finger her, squeeze and suck her tits and generally enjoy her body. But, up to now, she'd never had sex with any of them.
"That was hot, but I had what - five minutes with each of them? So yeah, I've been thinking about a way to get them all together and have some proper fun. Maybe we could join forces, see what we can do?"
"Oh yes, please! But you'd have to make sure not to wear them all out, Sarah. I know what you're like, and I know how desperate these lads will be to get their hands on you."
"There's an easy solution to that Annette. Haven't I told you that quantity beats quality in situations like this? I've got a website with tens of thousands of members. And these lads have got plenty of friends. I can guarantee you that you'll have more than enough lovely hard young cock to keep you going."
"Now I'm jealous," Holly cut in. "I'm just not interested in Michael, Jack, any of those lot. But Juliet and me, we are definitely interested in getting a load of cock all to ourselves."
"Holly's the opposite to me," laughed Annette. "I want lads her age, she wants men of my age."
"Too right I do. Juliet too. Well actually Juliet's not that bothered. But I love a more mature gentleman" She was fluttering her eyelashes at me as she said it, and that caused a fluttering in my pants.
"Well, I can probably help with that, too," Sarah said helpfully. "I'd be surprised if there aren't thousands of men who'd love to spend some quality time with two young sluts like you and Juliet," I nodded my agreement. Having sampled their talents and spent many hours editing and watching the footage back, there was no doubt that they were both supremely talented and sexy young girls.
"How about this, Holly. We can do it on the site. You and Juliet, a load of nice mature men -- I'll get them to send pictures and tell us a bit about themselves. You can both choose as many as you fancy. We'll film it all and put it up on the site. Membership is through the roof, so you'll both make a fortune."
"Well, I do like the sound of that. Oh god I do. I'll talk to Juliet, but I can pretty much guarantee she'll be up for it. I can't let mum have all the fun! Thanks Sarah." Holly had a flush about her cheeks just like her mother, now that she also had a filthy purpose.
"Oh, and Dan," she bounced over me, mock accusingly. "I hear you told mum she was a much better cocksucker than I was?"
I froze for a moment, not sure how to react.
"He did, and he was right," Annette teased.
"I've been practicing," Holly smiled, slipping her index finger into her mouth and flicking her tongue around it playfully. I was now like iron in my pants, and all three girls' eyes dropped to my cock, straining to get out.
"Go on, Dan," Sarah encouraged. "I think she wants to show you. That was the trigger I needed. I didn't even think to ask her mother for approval -- I knew she'd have no problem with me reintroducing her daughter to my cock.
Holly clapped her hands as I moved towards her. For a moment I considered taking her off to the bedroom, but that seemed like it would be rude, somehow. No, I'd stick my cock down this young godesses willing little throat right here, in full view of her mother and my girlfriend.
Holly was true to her word, she'd clearly had some tips from her mother as there wasn't a hint of tooth scraping as she sucked and slurped, letting me push deep down her throat. Then she lay on her back on the couch, letting her head fall back and opening wide, inviting me to fuck her throat, which I did, eagerly.
I again had the wine to thank for the desensitisation which meant I was able to keep going, and indeed build up a bit of a rhythm as I fucked Holly's face, my balls slapping against her nose and eyes with each thrust. A couple of times I pulled out to check she was still breathing but she immediately pulled me back in, seemingly annoyed that I should stop even for a moment.
All the while I was fucking Holly's face, Annette and Sarah were planning their gangbang extravaganza, occasionally glancing over with nods of approval.
"Can you tell she's been practicing?" winked Sarah as I caught her eye. My facial expression was her answer.
Suddenly Annette jumped up, looking at her watch.
"Shit, Holly, we only put an hour on the car, I'll get a ticket!"
"Urgh, one... minute," I groaned, very ready to ejaculate and very unwilling for it not to be inside this most accommodating eighteen-year-old throat. Annette found the best way to accelerate things, freeing her incredible breasts and pulling my face down into them, causing me to jettison stream after stream of semen into her daughter's mouth and all over her face.
There was no time to clean up, and Holly gathered herself, swallowing what she could and making a vain attempt to wipe away the sperm on her face with her sleeve. As they left, she shouted back:
"So, who's best then?"
"You are both incredible," I muttered back, slightly dazed, my cock still hard, jeans and pants around my knees. "And you, Sarah, of course," I assured my girlfriend, who'd watched all of this like it was the most normal thing in the world.
What I life, I thought to myself.
It took a full two months until the scene was set for Sarah and Annette's fantasy shoot. In that time a lot had happened. Aphrodite magazine had followed up their interest in Holly and Juliet and extended it to Annette. Now, on the same top shelves from where Sarah had shocked the college and the town, two former students and their mother proudly adorned the cover of the magazine
The special edition was double-fronted; Holly and Juliet on one side, but when flipped over the back/other front displayed Annette, beckoning readers inside to examine her naked body. As with Sarah's own appearances in the magazine, the content was limited to what British law would allow, so no penetration or any real sexual acts were on view, but the girls enthusiastically allowed the camera into every orifice and crevice, eagerly holding themselves open to ensure no part of their body could not be appreciated entirely.
The boost in Aphrodite's sales which was initially sparked by the scandal of their amateur model (Sarah, who went on to grace the cover and go on to her own special issue), had continued with the introduction of Sarah's two students and now one of their mothers. The appetite for the debauchery Sarah had triggered showed no sign of reducing.
The publishers of the magazine were extremely grateful to Sarah and very willing to listen to any ideas or suggestions she had. And, in return, they were more than happy to have her write a column each month, where she summarised the previous month's new content on her site -- effectively a free monthly advertisement for our website, and accompanied with a discount code for half-price membership for the first three months.
As promised, Sarah had run an article asking for volunteers to join Holly and Juliet for a good old fashioned gang bang. The requirements were simply to be over the age of thirty-five, an arbitrary number Holly had decided on, be willing to take an STI test on the morning of the event and be happy to have sex on camera and be posted on the website for all to see.
It was interesting to see the responses, which arrived by way of a web form I set up, available to members of the site only. The form had the facility to upload a photo, and required responders to provide details about why they'd be a good choice to attend, and why they wanted to take part.
The girls spent literally days at our apartment poring through the responses, which very quickly topped one thousand before I closed applications. This time was a particularly enjoyable one for me; both girls were very eager and ready to fuck, given the highly sexually charged nature of their task in hand. I did worry slightly about Sarah feeling left out, as I had little energy left for her, the girls taking great delight in coaxing another erection out of me whenever they got the inclination. But I needn't have worried.
"Are you kidding?" She'd laughed when I'd raised the subject with her. "You could fuck ten girls a day for the next six months and you wouldn't even be close to me in the infidelity stakes. t's not like anything is going on behind my back, is it? I love to watch these little sluts getting you all hard for them. And don't forget they were my students until a few months back -- it's probably hotter for me than it is for you!"
I very much doubted that, but Sarah certainly took a great deal of pleasure in cleaning the girls up lovingly with her tongue after I'd pumped another load inside one of them or shot all over their firm teenage tits. And she had plenty of orgasms herself as either Holly or Juliet attended to her with tongue and fingers.
We got many hours of footage just from these couple of days, leading to some amazing 'behind the scenes' videos in the lead up to the event. And the result of the girl's work was a shortlist of thirty men who all received invites. Two had been unable to make the date, but twenty-eight mature gentlemen attended.
The event took place at a pub in town, which had a function room upstairs. The owner of the pub was, as it a huge number of locals now were, a member of the site. He was delighted to provide the venue free of charge, and, with a separate entrance away from the main pub entrance, the evening proceeded without any patrons of the pub even being aware of it happening.
As well as the twenty-eight mature cocks for the girls, David, AKA 'DavidPhoto' from the forums where Sarah's journey into the realm of sex superstar she now occupied had started, was also invited. The last time we'd seen him he was calling Sarah a whore while firing his load into her face. He was a retired photographer, who'd taken some amazing pictures of Sarah and he actually represented Sarah's first tentative step into infidelity.
I remembered that day, how it had felt as this stranger had instructed my then faithful girlfriend to expose herself to the camera in increasingly explicit poses. I recalled the small twinge of jealousy as his aging cock had slipped between her lips, and the rush of intense lust as I joined him in coating her face with semen.
Sarah and I, and also Annette were present. I was intrigued to observe Annette's reaction to the sight of her precious, stunning young daughter taking on so many men. Holly had already made it very clear that tonight was just for her and Juliet, and there was to be no interference from Sarah or Annette. So, it was with a watching brief that we observed the events of the night unfold. The only other attendees were the four large security staff who Sarah had sub-contracted from Park-Lane for the night, in case anyone felt like behaving badly.
The room was arranged with a stage in the centre, and chairs had been pulled around -- the circle was just big enough that all twenty-eight guests had a front-row seat. The girls were dressed in sexy, short dresses and high socks which came up past the knee, just a small strip of flesh visible on their thighs. Holly's dress was white, Juliet's black. They got things started with a very erotic show which concluded with them in a sixty-nine position. Once Holly had beckoned the first guest on stage, things degenerated very quickly and they were soon surrounded.
I remarked to Sarah that things were a little more reserved than we'd seen in the past -- I recalled in particular the events on the beach when Sarah was lost in a crowd of cock as she'd finally let the thirty or so young men off the leash after days of teasing. This was a lot more restrained, as the gentlemen respectfully waited their turn to sample the willing teenage bodies which were on offer to them.
Nevertheless, the end result was very much the same, as both girls were steadily filled and covered with the sperm of their hand-picked selection of guests. David the photographer had fixed three video cameras around the stage and switched between his own still and video camera all the while, constantly seeking out and recording the best angles to capture the debauched activities of these girls and the group of men old enough to be their fathers -- some could even be their grandfathers.
I was, unsurprisingly, rock-hard. We had free use of the bar, indeed the three of us, myself, Sarah and Annette were perched on the bar as it gave a great vantage point. But I found myself watching Annette almost as much as I watched her daughter and friend. I leaned over to her.
"It must be weird?" I suggested. Annette smiled at me, and slid her hand onto my cock, her eyes widening in approval as she found it so obviously aroused.
"Do you find it weird?" she asked, playfully squeezing my shaft.
"Well, no, but Holly's not my daughter. It must be a bit weird watching all of these men queuing up to fuck her?"
"I guess some might find it strange. When I look at Holly, I just see myself, obviously a few years ago, but you know. And if I'd had the opportunity to do this when I was her age? Well, I think you can guess. I'm absolutely delighted for her. Look at that."
She paused as Holly encouraged a second cock to squeeze into her tight little cunt, well lubricated with the sperm of several of the gents who'd gone before.
"She's just like her mother," I grinned.
"She is. A fucking cock-hungry whore, and I can tell you love the fact that you've had the mother and the daughter, right Dan?"
Freeing my cock, she pulled it up and down purposefully. I glanced over to Sarah who just gave my hand a loving squeeze and gave me a wink to confirm she was fine with anything Annette wanted to do with me.
"Do you like watching my daughter get fucked, Dan?" Annette breathed into my ear, still gripping my cock firmly. No answer was required or expected.
"How would you like to slide that cock inside her mother, while you watch her taking on all these men?" My answer was clear in the twitch she felt as she squeezed my erection.
Annette dropped down from the bar and moved behind it, leaning over and hitching her skirt up. She gestured for me to get behind her.
"Come and push that lovely cock into me from behind, we can both watch Holly fuck like this."
And so we did. It was very much a stop-start fuck, I was intensely aroused and had to employ any number of techniques to prevent myself from cumming. I didn't want this feeling to end any time soon. Sarah grinned at me as she noticed what we were doing, again leaving no doubt that she was absolutely fine with me fucking Annette, just as she'd encouraged me to fuck Annette's daughter and friend in the weeks leading up to today.
Annette wasn't making my quest to delay orgasm easy though.
"Oh that's it, Dan. Fuck me while you watch my daughter getting gangbanged by all these strangers. Look at her tight cunt getting stretched out -- she's got one up her little arsehole now!"
The crowd around the girls had thinned and most guests had retired to their seats. Some had approached the bar and were tentatively shuffling closer to where Sarah sat beside Annette as she was fucked from behind. Sarah turned to us.
"I know the girls want this to be their night, so I don't want to get this on camera, but I'm sure they would thank us if all these guys managed to get hard again..."
"Sarah Clarke!" Annette said in mock shock. "Are you suggesting I act as a fluffer for my own daughter?"
"Great minds think alike!" Sarah confirmed. She lay herself on her back on the bar, head tipped back on the public side, facing the gangbang. Hooking her legs around two conveniently placed beer pumps I saw the sheer gusset of her black knickers exposed to me, and as always appreciated the fact that she was wearing hold-up stockings, making the view all that more elegant.
If it wasn't obvious what Sarah was offering, Annette made it all the more clear when she freed her perfect breasts, the bar supporting them and presenting them for the onlookers. I'd managed to get past my latest wave of pleasure without ejaculating, and settled into a firm fucking of Annette as a couple of men took the cue and began groping her breasts
Sarah and Annette soon had their mouths filled with cock. As promised though, they were focussed purely on getting the guests hard and ready to take care of the teenagers again. This didn't take them long at all - both were extremely skilled in their art. Within a minute or two of slipping between Annette or Sarah's lips, they were directed back to the stage, hard and ready to go again.
The girls showed their appreciation for the new inundation of hard cock which was being sent their way with waves and smiles. Annette's frequent observation that she could probably taste her daughter's juice on the cocks she was reviving certainly helped increase arousal levels too. Additionally, Sarah had removed her knickers and had got me to insert a beer bottle into her slippery cunt as she took cock after cock in her mouth and throat. At first, I hadn't realised what she was up to because she was facing away from the men, but I realised the mirror at the back of the bar was giving them an excellent view as the bottle penetrated her, helping them to a rapid recovery and another erection in double-quick time.
Realising that none of this was being captured, Sarah encouraged the men to record proceedings with their phones, and everyone did so.
"Show whoever you want," she encouraged them, "but please upload all of it to the site, everyone will love to see, I'm sure."
This method of recording the action was to become a mainstay of the site. Rather than protect all of her content behind a paywall, Sarah's reasoning was that if we provided high-quality stuff in enough quantity, no amount of footage which made it onto other platforms would have a detrimental effect on her subscriber level. Rather she subscribed to the view that the more material was out there, the more users would find their way to her site.
I had my doubts, but there was no way this decision could be reversed now, as everyone had eagerly started recording and snapping away at the action. I knew that Sarah's main motivation was not solely a business-based one. She loved knowing that people were going to share their footage, and I knew she'd happily do this for free. As far as she was concerned, the easier it became for people to see her material, the better, it was an enormous turn-on for her.
The last of the gents ejaculated, and the evening came to a close. Holly and Juliet paid particular attention to the oldest of the attendees, a man in his late sixties who'd shown tremendous respect and gratitude all evening. Despite him protesting that he'd never be able to produce a third erection of the evening at his age, they proved him wrong and managed to coax a final load from him, which they shared lovingly.
As he left, someone commented that the guy might have been older even than himself. The girls realised that there was one more hard cock available to them and set about sucking Dave the photographer off as a reward for his hard work that evening. During this, the landlord had come up to see how things were going, and before long he had his cock inside Juliet.
Eventually, though, there were no cocks left with any life in them. The landlord, seeing the huge mess the girls were in, lamented that he couldn't offer the girls a shower. They also had no change of clothes, so this led to them walking the 200 or so yards from the exit to where they were parked, covered from head to toe in sperm.
At Sarah's suggestion, they treated this as a finale to the evening, and gave several groups of late-night revellers an unexpected eyeful as they strode deliberately and unashamedly down the road sporting many loads of semen on their bodies and clothes. Juliet's black dress in particular leaving no doubt what the girls had been doing that evening.
I drove them home, and I did not even attempt to explain to the valet what the mess on the back seats was, when I took the car in for cleaning the next morning.
Sarah's idea of allowing the guests free reign to record any and all footage they chose to, turned out to be a masterstroke. In the next days, hours and hours of video and thousands of photographs were uploaded to our website. All of it eventually made it out onto the internet too, and Sarah, via comments on the site and the message board, actively encouraged this to be distributed via any means available. Within two weeks the website's subscriber base had shot up again. By this point, we were the proprietors of one of the world's most subscribed sex websites.
Holly and Juliet received a reward which dwarfed what they'd received from their previous appearance, and it seemed they were superstars now, their social media accounts having followers in the millions.
"Well, I think that went well," Sarah mused as we watched the gangbang back on our big screen.
"By any measure, it sure did," I agreed. "What a hot night, and what a shit-ton of money we're making from it."
"Really?" Holly and Juliet loved the sex and the attention, but there was no doubt there was a financial motivation to them too, which was to be expected at that age. But Sarah, only seven or eight years their senior, paid little attention to the money she was making. I was glad I was there to look after that side of things, and make sure she got the rewards she deserved. There was no doubt she could end up in some unsavoury places doing what she did for very little reward, if things had worked out differently.
"Yes, really. I think you are now easily earning what a premier-league footballer gets. Actually, quite a bit more. We can get a house anywhere you want any time, I reckon."
"Oh, really?" Money was just a means to an end, but we'd talked about buying a lovely big house. With the finances we now had available, that plan changed to us building from scratch, so that we'd have to make no compromises. We were happy in our nice apartment, there was no rush to leave so we set about finding agents and architects to make it happen.
This was a slight distraction to the next upcoming event, but as the date approached, Sarah left behind thoughts of saunas and swimming pools, ensuite bathrooms and balconies, and her thoughts turned to her upcoming event with Annette.
"I'd almost forgotten, oh fucking hell, I'm finally going to be able to do it!" Her delight was clear, and there were no thoughts of how her subscribers might enjoy the scene, or how much money the event might make; Sarah was finally going to take the cocks of her ex-students, as the world watched on.