Since that night in the bathroom I haven't been able to get you out of my mind.
Walking in on you - on your knees with the boss's fat cock in your throat, pinning you there when all you wanted to do was flee from your humiliation - what a sight!
To be honest I never thought you were that attractive - so thin, pasty despite your Mediterranean complexion, and cagey, like you were always fighting internally with yourself. I like a sub who gives it all up freely, who accepts what they are and gives in to my commands willingly - anticipating them even. But that's not you - and I guess that's not what Ralph likes either. He is the boss for a reason - he likes to work. He likes a spirit that needs to be broken, and then savors every moment of breaking it. And I knew from the moment he hired you that he would break you.
That night in the bathroom was just the beginning... It was a beginning for me too.
I knew what Ralph liked of course, but he never let me get that close before. There'd be the odd rent boy he'd bring up to his office after-hours every once in a while - before shutting the blinds and turning up that EDM music he'd get coked up-to. I would still be able to hear the desk shaking and the moans above the pulsing beat.
I'd take my time cleaning your reception area outside his office, and that's how he first caught on to me, a few months back. It was late. I should have been done by then. He finished pounding some young pup's guts out and came out of the office sooner than I thought he would, shirt unbuttoned and zipping his fly. His surprise at finding me there flashed to anger for a moment - rage almost - but he caught me by surprise too, turning away a moment too late to hide the tent in my pants, pulling my hand out of the pocket I'd been stroking myself through. A spark of something knowing and calculating showed through his anger, and all he said was "Go home Hank, it's late."
The next time he brought someone up, about a week after that, he didn't close the blinds quite as tightly and I got a glimpse of the chiseled redhead biting a ball-gag as Ralph plowed him from behind.
Then there were the elevator boys... twinks and twunks he'd make blow him, sometimes two at a time in the elevator he stopped between floors after everyone else had left. He knew I had access to the security footage - He's getting bolder, I thought. The security company had access to that footage too...
Then there was Jeremy. That was the closest I'd gotten before you.
He started as one of the elevator boys, the only one I ever saw twice, the first time on his own, then with a friend. That boy took Ralph's load right down his throat the first time, and then let Ralph give both him and his friend a facial the second time - before making out with his co-cocksucker with Ralph's dick between both their cum-covered lips. A week later Ralph had hired him.
He sat where you sit now, typing away, answering the phones, very efficient. He could be steely, but also cocky. I looked at him for a long moment when he was hired, my knowledge must have been clear on my face. He held my stare steadily, and then turned up one corner of his mouth in the smallest grin.
That night, Ralph didn't close the blinds. He had Jeremy on his side on top of the desk, facing away from the internal window, breeding him. Ralph never looked at me, but he knew I was there. His louder-than necessary grunt as he seeded Jeremy's hole and the jerk of his head to the door was enough of a signal for me to leave before he let Jeremy see me. But Jeremy knew I was there too.
"Ralph's sending me on a special assignment," he said to me with a wink the next day. "You won't be seeing me for a while..."
And then Ralph hired you.
He played a longer game with you - wore you down through obvious menial work, always letting you think you were performing just short of his satisfaction. He'd exchange a glance or two with me now and then behind your back - he was inviting me in, or so I thought.
Turns out he hadn't intended for me to walk in on you that night. I thought the signs were clear - asking you to stay late while I was emptying your trash, following just a moment behind when you went to the bathroom, the long glance he gave me as he followed after you. He realized it too, after the fact, but was just intent on his main purpose that night, not fully aware that I had my own plans.
I almost left after walking in on you - I had expected some recognition of the game he was up to, but that flash of anger erupted in my direction again as soon as I walked in. That's when I paused. Then he regrouped almost immediately and essentially commanded me to watch. It took me a moment to turn my attention back to you, but the shock of Ralph's initial anger had given me a rush of adrenaline that only heightened the experience.
What a show you put on! That's the hardest I've cum in years.
Then for weeks it was as if nothing had happened. You wouldn't look me in the eye of course, but that was nothing new. You never did. Ralph didn't say a word to me. And I stayed late each night, hoping for another show, or maybe even more... and then inevitably ended up relieving my blue balls once I got home, imagining your lips wrapped around my stiff cock.
There was that one afternoon encounter in the hallway just outside the broom closet. I actually caught your eye for a second, and I opened the door, half expecting you to follow me in. You lingered for a moment, but then you looked down the hallway and rushed back to your desk. Of course Ralph was at the other end when I looked, walking towards me already. There was no anger on his face but the hair on my neck stood up - the opposite reaction to my cock. He stopped for a second, but all he said was, "The windows in the conference room need cleaning, Hank." It was a relief, but also a disappointment.
And then, after tonight, it made more sense...
I had pretty much given up hope, but the conference room light wasn't usually left on after hours, and the creaking chair was enough to get my hopes up as I approached the door that had been left open a crack.
And there you were...shirt open, pants around your ankles, bouncing up and down on Ralph's dick in the boss's premium leather chair at the head of the conference table. You looked down as I pushed the door open, but Ralph didn't let you hide in your averted gaze for more than a moment. Wrapping his hand around your neck, he lifted your chin, and said, "Say hello Hank."
"Hello Hank." you parrotted, cheeks reddening with shame.
"Tell him you want him to stay."
"I want you to stay."
"Ask him if he wants to watch."
A moment's hesitation, then: "Do you want to watch?"
Swallowing hard, I nodded my head.
Ralph still had one hand on your neck, and the other wrapped around your cock, stroking you slowly, matching his thrusts into you from below. Ralph was fully clothed, except for his dick impaling your asshole, but your state of half-undress showed how much you were enjoying this. The fluorescent light highlighted the precum leaking from your standing cock, and showed how hard your tan nipple was as Ralph lowered his hand from your neck and started massaging your nipple to the same rhythm as his thrusts and his fist around your cock.
"Ask Hank how much he wants to watch." Ralph commanded.
You repeated his question.
"I really want to." I choked out. I had been waiting for this, wanting this, but somehow it still felt like a dream - like the world was far away somehow.
Ralph said something low in your ear, and then you repeated, "Shut the door, and come closer."
I did as Ralph had you tell me, my heart racing, feeling a sudden swell of anticipation.
I moved slowly down the room, feeling my cock straining to break free. About halfway down, Ralph held up a hand and I stopped.
"Do you like riding my dick?" Ralph asked you.
You nodded, shutting your eyes, still red in the face.
"Tell Hank how it feels to have my dick in your ass."
"It feels so good," you said, eyes still closed.
"So good, what?"
"It feels so good to have your dick in my ass, sir."
"You like getting fucked."
You nodded.
"Look at Hank and tell him you like getting fucked."
Your shudder was subtle but still visible. You tilted your head forward, your body rebelling as much as it could, but you were unable to resist Ralph's commands. You raised your eyes to meet mine and said, with a note of defiance - maybe to overcome your shame, "I love getting fucked."
Ralph smirked. "Tell him you love being watched when you're getting fucked"
"I love being watched when I'm getting fucked."
"Now tell Hank you want to suck his cock."
Just what I've been waiting for!
"I want to suck your cock."
I had already started to unzip my coveralls, but Ralph held up a finger and whispered something else in your ear.
Your look of surprise - fear almost - was like a jolt of electricity shot through the room.
"Tell him," Hank commanded.
You said nothing for a second, fighting with yourself. For a second you looked as if you might free yourself from Ralph's mental clutches, then a flash of excitement - or was it panic? - lit up your features, and then you sunk back down, moaned as Ralph's dick twitched inside you, hung your head, and said, "Open the blinds."
It was my turn to freeze. Here I was ready to feed you my dick, something I'd been dreaming about for weeks, and now Ralph had us both caught off guard. It was a test - the price of getting what I wanted was to let the eyes of the outside world in to watch. Ralph smirked wickedly as he thrust deep into your supple body.
I took a deep breath, and walked over to the windows - the windows Ralph had just made me clean, and twisted open the blinds. The lights of the city shown bright in the darkness - the cars and shops at street level, and the other offices higher up, on our level, all stood out like little televisions with crystal clear pictures, people working late in sterile offies, just like this one - little pictures framed by the darkness outside, clear as day for anyone watching to see exactly what was going on onside.
I turned back to you.
"Tell Hank how hungry you are for his cock."
"I'm so hungry."
"Look at him and tell him."
You raised your head with what seemed to be the weight of the whole world, showing your face for the first time to anyone outside who might be watching. A single tear fell down your face. It made me hold my breath - so much shame... and yet so much pleasure at the same time. You were powerless, and mortified and transfixed by every moment of your ecstatic humiliation.
You licked the tear up with your tongue when it reached the corner of your mouth. "I need to suck your cock."
I had already made my decision when I opened the blinds, and with a wild thrill, I finished unzipping myself, and let my dick free through the slit in my boxers. I walked the last few feet to you, and Ralph pushed your head forward until those warm salty lips met the tip of my aching cock, and parted to let me in.
You felt so good. Ralph pushed your head up and down for a minute, not granting you even the smallest amount of control, and then asked, "Do you want Hank to facefuck you."
A choked gurgle came from your throat as Ralph pushed you all the way down, the tip of my cock hitting the back of your throat, and you nodded as much as you could.
"Your head belongs to Hank now," and feeling some sense of the spell of Ralph's commands, even though he hadn't said a word directly to me all night, I took both my hands and took control of your head, using your mouth as a fleshlight.
In and out I pumped your skull up and down on my cock, your tongue sliding along the underside of my shaft, and your throat opening to receive the tip of my cock with every thrust in. This was the best I had felt in years.
Your chokes melded with the slapping of your ass cheeks against Ralph's thighs, spitroasted and invaded from both ends. Ralph commanded your ass and had given your head over to me. You existed only for our pleasure - a length of flesh between lips and sphincter - nothing more than a living fucktoy, meant to satisfy our cravings.
And then I felt my load rising, the swell of ecstasy taking over my whole body, the concentrated jet of bliss shooting through my shaft - deep into your throat - jet after jet of spunk lining your insides, claiming even more of you as my own.
And then I was spent, releasing you, leaving you gasping for air and choking on cum, looking dazed but fulfilled. And then your eyes rolled up and you let out a deep involuntary moan as Ralph thrust up into you, poking your prostate.
I was breathing hard, riding my high, zipping myself up, when Ralph spoke to me directly for the first time that night.
"Raise the blinds Hank."
You let out a whimper and we both knew what Ralph had in mind. I pulled the blinds up so people didn't even have the thin lines to obstruct their view anymore, and stepped back to the side.
Ralph stood, still inside you, and walked you over to the window, hands bracing yourself on the glass.
"Fuck yourself on my dick."
You pressed back into him, and then out again, back and forth, eyes closed and head hung again... and as you fucked yourself on Ralph's massive tool, he raised your chin again, and leaned in close, "open your eyes."
You did, seeing the world looking back at you, letting another man control you - fucking you, make you fuck yourself on him - for everyone to see.
"Everyone can see you," Ralph said.
Your cock twitched.
"They can all see what a cock-hungry slut you are."
You lowered your hand to jerk yourself, and Ralph caught it, placing it back on the window.
"You don't get to cum unless you can fuck it out of yourself."
You whimpered again, and pressed into Ralph harder, aching to cum.
"You want the people outside to see you cum. You want them to see how much you need a dick in your ass to cum... say it?"
"I need a dick in my ass to cum."
"Do you want to cum?"
"Yes."
"Yes what?"
"Yes, sir."
"Good boy."
"Show the world how my dick makes you come."
You picked up the pace now, moving faster, thrusting Ralph into you deeper, panting now, spending yourself...
Ralph let you control the pace for a few moments, and then grabbed your hips and furiously started fucking you. With one hand he grabbed your throat, and with the other he pressed on your lower back, arching you so his cock would hit your prostate which each thrust.
You let out a muffled cry through Ralph's grip on your throat, and without a hand touching it, your cock shot rope after rope of creamy white cum onto my recently cleaned window. At the same time, Ralph unloaded himself into your ass with a growl.
He held you for a moment, his possession, fulfilling its purpose, and then pulled out of you, pushing you into a crouch so his cum leaked from his ass into your pants, still around your ankles, and pressed your face into the glass, covering it in your own cum..
"Lick up the rest."
And you licked your own cum, letting everyone outside see you, filled with cum from me and Ralph at both ends, now eating up your own.
"Pull up your cum-filled pants and don't clean your face before you get home."
You - of course - did as you were told.