This is a recollection from my past. I recently reread some old writings from a boyfriend and one of his friends, who shared a sexual experience with us. As I reread those old stories, I realized this was possibly my first salacious act. Their writing was more informal and just a stream of memories so I rewrote their stories from their voices as best as I could
For me this was a significant sexual experience which I am still trying to figure out how it happened and what I feel about it. Part of me still thinks my boyfriend arranged it and part of me thinks I did this myself. Tom, my boyfriend, and I had a lot of followup discussions after.
Basically Tom had a friend hanging out with us, we were playing and flirting together, and I ended up fucking Tom in front of Daniel, his friend. And while I should have been more cautious about unintended consequences, it really was an incredible experience.
Both Tom and Daniel wrote down their experiences. Interestingly, while both stories were from the same event, they had a lot of differences. It took me a long time to write about this from my perspective. At the time I couldn't say yet if I wanted this to happen again or if it was just a single experience.
Luckily Daniel had been the perfect friend to include. He agreed to keep this a secret at the time. I guess I am the one to finally share the details.
I have since learned that writing erotica is fun. I wrote several other stories, many which are based at least partially on actual events. Thus, this event was transformative and probably influenced so much since.
--
I was both an exhibitionist and voyeur in front of friend
Tom and Daniel were out playing soccer, as they did most Saturdays. I went to my sisters that morning to store some of my personal items. She in turn had a bunch of boxes ready to donate to Goodwill. I agreed to drop off these boxes for her. Secretly I also wanted to look through her donations as there are often items I wanted to take for myself.
I had recently moved out of an apartment when my roommate got married. I had been staying with Tom while I looked for another place. It was inevitable that Tom and I would eventually live together but I felt then that it was too early in our relationship. When I came back to Tom's house I discovered Daniel was going to spend the afternoon with us. We didn't have any set evening plans but I was kinda disappointed to be hosting when I just wanted a day alone with Tom.
Daniel was probably Tom's friend that I liked the most. He was quiet, respectful, and had a killer body. Tom and Daniel had classic tight soccer bods. I never complained when these two worked out together as Tom would come home full of adrenaline. My sexual arousal was higher with Tom than it had been in any previous relationship. There must have been something in his pheromones after he worked out. Just seeing his arms flex was enough to get me in the mood to initiate. I was always described as submissive and reserved until Tom showed me how to be in control of my sexual identity.
There was a brief spat about my bringing the Goodwill boxes into Tom's house before I turned it into a game. Tom loved costume parties and cross dressing. So I suggested we sort through these clothes and look for something we could wear together. The three of us discovered a trove of good options. Soon I had most of the donations repacked and ready to take back out to the car.
Our pile of keepers consisted mostly of vests, skirts, and other random accessories. Without any evening plans we agreed to try on our stock and divvy items between us three.
Tom, still wound up from his morning soccer, asked me to model some of the items he found sexy. I liked Daniel but wasn't exactly comfortable with much of Tom's suggestions. He seemed to have wanted to show me off. Later in the night I wouldn't have been so embarrassed. But that afternoon seemed out of place. I was turned on by Tom's energy, and knowing that he just showered I would have jumped him if Daniel wasn't there.
I didn't take Tom up on his offer. He was holding all of the tight see-through tops as if he wanted Daniel to see me naked. I remember many late night parties when Tom had expressed an interest for me to expose myself. I just brushed those off as drunken statements but later Tom actually admitted to his voyeur kink.
During sex Tom would also make references to being watched, or maybe even having others involved. Those seemed to be in the moment type of thoughts which never came up outside of the bedroom. Frequently I wanted to ask Tom about his actual desires but we never found the right time. Often when the topic would come up, it would be late and we would fuck. Then the thought would go away. And during the day it never felt appropriate to ask about sexy kinks. After this event it was obviously a symptom of our relationship ignorance.
I grabbed the sheer top Tom held out for me and said I wouldn't make our guest uncomfortable, but maybe I would try it on later for him. Tom tried once more to convince me and surprisingly Daniel said he was also interested. That was bold for a guest, even a close friend, to also ask me to expose myself.
So that day I brushed off Tom's suggestions of exhibitionism and said he was being lazy to just ask the girl to show off. Instead, I requested the guys should impress the girl in the room as private models. I figured if he wanted me to feel vulnerable it should cost him first. It was my test to see how serious he was. I can't remember what excuse I used but it worked. The guys agreed to model for me.
Tom loved being the flamboyant showman anyway. Yes, this audience was small and he had to share the stage with his friend. But he didn't know how turned on I was, and that I was hoping this would convince him to send Daniel away.
Tom pushed me to take control. He figured if they were modeling for me, then I should be their master. He may have even used the term dominatrix. He said if I wanted to turn the tables on the sexy female costume choices then I needed to find sexy outfits for the men.
It wasn't that hard for me. They both had similar bodies. They both excelled in my favorite department; men's chests. I accepted Tom's challenge and if Daniel wasn't going to leave then I was going to include him equally. Maybe at least the enjoyment of looking at him would get me excited for fucking Tom later. I walked around the two guys slowly. My girlfriends loved commenting on Tom's ass, which was superbly defined. I can't explain why but I was totally turned on by his chest. In this case I tried to give them the sense of how women felt as sex objects.
I was a bit naive in thinking this would make any point. Both of them seemed to like being treated like sex objects. So if they wanted to be sex objects, then I was going to use them as such. I dug into the pile and picked out two vests that would show off their soccer bods.
It had been Tom who previously mentioned including others in our bedroom. But I still felt somewhat ashamed for wanting to see Daniel's body alongside Tom's. When Tom first made these bedroom comments I was a bit freaked out. It bounced around my head for weeks. After the freak out calmed down I felt shame. Then there was concern that Tom didn't respect our relationship. When we had sex during this time the emotions ranged from being totally turned on by my thoughts and being disgusted by Tom. He never explained his feelings and mine were not forming easily. It had been several weeks of my mind wandering around these thoughts when this experience with Daniel occurred.
The boys stepped out a few times as I kept giving them items to try. Eventually they ended up with the best tight vests over skirts. Their legs were fine, and would have caught the attention of most women. But there was nothing better than their arms, chests, and stomachs for me. I caught myself wanting to check Daniel out in detail but was stifled by fear of Tom's reaction if he knew what was in my mind.
The idea of Tom catching me sneaking peeks at Daniel was part of the exhilaration. Yet when I tried to keep my focus on Tom, he would dare me to give attention to Daniel. It took all of my control to resist giving in too eagerly.
After adjusting Tom's clothes, and opening his top, I succumbed to Tom's pressure to include Daniel. If Tom wanted to push me then I was going to see how much freedom he intended to give me. So I stepped over to Daniel and opened his top too. He was a fine male specimen. I didn't lust after many guys, and certainly didn't look at others often. Yet when Daniel was standing there as a twin to Tom, served up for my visual pleasure, the sexual stimulation was strong. At that moment I wished Tom and I had discussed his intentions closer. Was he really turned on by me being turned on by other men? Or did he want to see other men turned on by me? Or maybe I had just misunderstood him entirely and was heading down a dangerous path.
I made eye contact with Tom and stared him down while I allowed my hands to explore Daniel's chest. His vest was open and I was feeling his skin. It was warm, tight, and strong. Tom had this seductive smile in response so I turned by eyes away from him and looked at my hands exploring Daniel's body. There was no mistaking my arousal at this point and I just hoped Tom wasn't getting angry. After a few minutes I pushed Daniel away and took a breath. The drive to take Tom to bed for an afternoon fuck was growing.
I pushed the guys onto the couch before I realized I didn't have a plan for next moves. Tom wasn't giving me any more guidance and they were both waiting for me to make a decision. As an excuse to leave the room I grabbed some clothes and said I was going to change into a costume as well. Frustratingly both guys just gave me silence. Any decision about what was next, good or bad, was going to come from me.
I stood around the corner thinking about what to do. I only brought out one set of clothing and didn't want to go back in to find anything better. The skirt I pulled was great. It was an angled light fluttery thing. But the top I brought out was hideous. I think it was one Tom chose to keep for him. It couldn't have been less sexy.
I put both on to save face. By now my pussy was relaxing and I was thinking more clearly. I knew I didn't want Daniel to feel me up anyway so I was going to just focus on Tom. Maybe I can get him aroused enough that he would need to ask Daniel to leave. I decided to remove my underwear and just wear the skirt. It was short but if Tom would see that I was ready for some private sex it might force his hand.
I stepped out and immediately regretted the choice. They both seemed really disappointed with my top. I wanted them to focus on my legs, but the top was so hideous they probably couldn't appreciate what was available. Still, Tom was encouraging me to play the master role.
I strode over and straddled Tom trying to focus my attention on him. In my periphery I could see Daniel's tight stomach, his bulging pecs, enticing me to touch again. While keeping eye contact with Tom I let my hands explore both of their bodies. Their skin was warm and smooth. My pussy was wet as soon as my hand touched Daniel. Without sufficient thought I moved over and straddled one of Tom's legs. This was beneficial for two reasons. First, I was able to really grind his leg. His bare skin was stimulating my clit. If it wasn't clear before, Tom would now know that I wasn't wearing panties. Would he be angry?
The second benefit was that I could reach Daniel better. Tom apparently knew this and even shifted to his side to bring me closer to Daniel. If I had any remaining questions about his intention, Tom just let me know what he wanted. He was getting excited about my touching his best friend.
I don't fully remember the sequence that followed. At some point I pulled Tom's hand under my skirt so he could finger me. I couldn't believe I wanted this with someone else in the room watching. His hand felt remarkable. I also lifted his skirt exposing an impressive erection. It always impressed me. If we were alone I would have dropped to my knees at this point to blow him hard. But with the third person in the room I needed to divide my attention.
My mind was cluttered with Tom's fingers stimulating my clit. An actual orgasm was way off but I was enjoying the leg humping. There was also no denying that being watched was part of my excitement. I was able to glance over at Daniel, seeing him visually consume all of the action.
Tom got frisky and started lifting my shirt up. I asked Daniel to close his eyes; he complied. I felt safer and allowed Tom to remove my shirt. My stimulation continued as I kept rubbing Daniel's body but the overall energy and excitement lagged without his watching. I knew then that I was clearly an exhibitionist. I wanted, needed, him to see me. To watch me enjoying Tom's hands. Would he be aroused or embarrassed by seeing me topless?
I asked if Tom was OK if Daniel watched and he said of course. I leaned over and looked Daniel directly in the eyes and told him he could watch. When he opened his eyes, I told him in a very loud voice that this was a one-time thing and very private. I told him he would never tell anyone. He agreed.
When I sat back up his face expression was priceless. He couldn't believe I was topless in front of him. He was seriously eye fucking me. Immediately my pussy filled with fluid. Tom's hand must have been totally wet at this point in response.
I was so turned on I decided nothing was off the table. I shifted back over Tom and shoved his exposed cock inside of me. I was on top and humping him as best as I could. At some point I had also unfastened Daniel's skirt exposing him as well. His erection looked exactly as Tom's felt inside of me. Thick and hard. I kissed Tom and let my hand wonder around Daniel until I was gripping his cock too. With every thrust over Tom I tried to stroke Daniel. I wanted more than two hands. I needed to stabilize myself while fucking Tom and I wanted to explore both of their bodies. Having access to a second cock in my hand was beyond thrilling. It was totally unexpected.
Tom indicated he was going to cum. I just kept humping him and wanted to feel his ejaculation inside of me. Normally I would have let him control the pace. This time I just fucked him until he was spent. His warmth spread throughout my body while my hand gripped the cock next to me. I kissed Tom sincerely until he was completely done.
As my mind returned to reality, I realized I needed an exit strategy. I just fucked my boyfriend in front of his best friend. My hand was still resting on another man's chest. I would need some tissue to catch the cum that was invariably going to come out of my still aroused pussy. Remembering that I was the dominatrix I decided to leave Tom with a gift. And maybe shock both of them with a visual they probably hadn't seen before. I lifted up off of Tom and let his cum fall out of me and onto his stomach. It worked better than I hoped and alleviated my need to run away to the bathroom. Tom moved out from under me to clean up in the bathroom. This left me sitting naked next to Daniel.
I was getting nervous about what Tom would think of me being alone with Daniel. But Tom removed any doubts I had about his intention when he asked to watch if I was going to mount Daniel. I told them both that I wasn't going to do that. My intention was to go upstairs for a shower.
But before I got up Tom returned and stood at the doorway behind Daniel. He motioned for me to touch Daniel. Daniel had started covering up when I asked him not to. While Tom was watching I said I wanted to see more of Daniel's hard cock. The poor boy looked like he was going to explode while also restraining from touching me. It was also obvious that Tom was excited to watch me. I was still naked with Daniel's eyes roaming around my breasts. I pulled my hair seductively over one shoulder. This move always gets guys attention.
While my intentions didn't include letting Daniel touch me, I had a few desires and wanted to please Tom. I wanted to give Daniel a release and to use my control for my desires. At the risk of reading Tom wrong I told Daniel that I wanted to see him cum. He ecstatically affirmed this plan. He teased me that I was no longer an exhibitionist and was now a voyeur. I laughed and grabbed his cock with one hand and jerked him to completion. It didn't take but a minute with streams of cum covering his magnificent stomach. Tom was thrilled to see me do this. Once Daniel was done I handed him the tissue box and told him I was going upstairs for a shower.
As I walked away Tom motioned for me to go back. I didn't know what he wanted to see but I turned around anyway. I ended up giving Daniel a kiss goodbye. While we kissed I grabbed his hand and placed it on my breast. His hand massaged my breast while his thumb rubbed my nipple. This was more than I expected. I remember feeling his gaze as I walked away.
After Daniel left, Tom joined me in the shower for some well deserved connection. He affirmed how pleased he was with my actions which alleviated any concern about causing damage to our relationship. We both had more thoughts than would be quickly deciphered so we made plans to talk through everything after a few days of processing.
Daniel was the best friend for this experience. We continued hanging out comfortably for years after. No one was in a hurry to make rash decisions on our feelings.
My initial hopes were for Tom to want to allow, or ask for, this to happen again. Our relationship matured over time with many other different experiences resulting from this one.