"Is that you, Mr. B?"
She stood between me and the sun, the water from her bikini dripping on my blanket. I didn't recognize her right away. Her face was in shadow. "I'm sorry," I said.
"It's Sharon. I was in your trig class back, um, four years ago." She stooped down and I saw her clearly.
"Of course! Sharon! How are you?" She smiled. She'd been a good student and she helped organize her group of classmates who attended the memorial service for my wife after the accident. I quit teaching and, with the substantial insurance settlement, decided to live modestly and do only what I wanted to do. Swimming in the ocean every day kept me in decent shape. Finding purpose in my life wasn't as easy.
"You remember Sally? And Linda? And Cora? We all ended up going to State and we just graduated. Can you believe it? We're taking the summer off before joining the real world." She filled me in on their majors and their job plans. She told me they had rented a house nearby on the beach. She was a confident young woman, choosing the life that she wanted. After a few more minutes of conversation, she invited me to go to her place and see her roommates.
"I should be getting home," I said. She wouldn't take "no" for an answer. So, I picked up my sandy blanket and my tee shirt and walked down the beach with her to the modest one-story house.
"Let's shower off before going inside," she said, as she led me to the back.
"You go first," I said.
"No, let's do it together. You can wash my back and I'll do yours," she said. She grabbed my hand and moved to the faucet. The water was refreshingly cool in the lingering warmth of the afternoon. She turned me toward the wall and rubbed the soap on my wet back. Then, she used her hands to lather me up. It had been a long time since I had been touched by a woman. "Okay, Mr. B, you do me now." I took the soap and moved it up and down her tanned back and over her bikini strap. My little finger got stuck in it for a second. I apologized. She turned her head and smiled at me. Then, she reached back and undid the strap. "That's better," she said.
Before I could say anything, she lifted her bikini top over her head and draped it on a nearby rack. She turned to show me her tanned breasts. I looked down at them before averting my eyes. "I'm sorry for staring," I said. She smiled and said it was okay.
"I've got sand in my bottoms. Do you mind if I take them off?" I couldn't say anything. In a second, she reached down and slid the garment off. Indeed, there was sand on her pubic hair. She brushed it away with the flowing water. Again, she caught me staring. "How about you? Any sand in those trunks."
"A little, I think."
"I'll turn around while you take them off and rinse it away."
"That's okay," I said. "I can live with it." She insisted that I couldn't bring sand into her house. As I stared at her bare bottom, I took off my swimsuit, washed the sand away from it and my body and, then, slipped it back on. Sharon turned off the shower and handed me a towel. She took a second one, dried herself off, and wrapped it around her nudity.
"All clean," she said. "Let's go inside." The house was as tidy as a beach house with four young women living in it could be. Sally and Linda were sitting in the living room. Cora was taking a nap. We woke her up with our talking and laughing and she joined us. Sharon opened a bottle of good tequila and Linda lit a joint and passed it around. I like marijuana in moderation and that stuff was very nice. So were these former students. They were all full of life and joy. They made me feel good.
"So, Mr. B," Cora said. "You were my favorite teacher. I was even crushing on you a bit back then." The others laughed. Sally said, "Me too. I even drew a sketch of you." She paused. "It was a nude." More laughter. My mouth fell open, but I was speechless. Sharon yelled for quiet.
"Do you want to do another one?" she said. Sally looked at her and then at me and then back at her. "Well, do you?" A big smile formed on Sally's face. She nodded her head up and down.
"Yes!" Cora said. "I'd love to see it. Hell, I'd love to see you draw Mr. B right here, right now!" Maybe it was the tequila and ganja, but I was turned on by the idea of posing nude in front of these women. I couldn't let them see it, though. Sally asked me what I thought.
"I don't think so," I said. "I was your teacher, after all. It's probably not appropriate." They all looked disappointed. They pleaded with me to reconsider. "I'll tell you what. I'll pose for you but I'll keep my clothes on."
"Will you at least take your tee shirt off?" Sharon countered. I smiled at her persistence and agreed. They all clapped. Sally left and soon returned with a sketch pad and some pens. She asked me to stand in the center of the small room with my hands on my hips. I did as I was told. Sharon spoke up. "Off with the shirt, Mr. B." Again, I did what I was told and resumed the pose. My nipples were hard. Sally started sketching me. Her felt pen squeaked as it moved across the paper.
"You're a great model, Mr. B. You have a nice body, too," Cora said. After a few minutes, Sally asked me to turn away from her so that she could do a different sketch. Now I was facing Sharon and she was looking at my crotch and smiling. She looked up at me and wet her lips. I felt the blood moving into my cock. Sharon saw the tightening in the front of my swimsuit and looked up at me again. I averted my eyes. I couldn't stop the rushing blood, but my suit kept my cock in place.
Could I pose with Mr. B?" Sharon asked Sally.
"That's a great idea!" Linda said. "Could I join them?" Not waiting for an answer, they both got up and stood at either side of me. "How do you want us, Sally?" Linda said. Sally had Linda sit at my feet and put an arm around my leg. She had Sharon lean into my right side and put her hand on my chest.
"I think Mr. B. likes this," Sharon said. She pressed her mound against my thigh. Sally continued sketching. Then Sharon said, "I should be topless, too." She pushed her towel down below her breasts. The only thing keeping it from dropping to the floor was the pressure of her body against mine.
"That's nice," Sally said. "What about you, Linda?" Linda reached behind her back and untied her bikini top. She threw it on the chair next to her. Her breasts were warm against my calf. We continued the pose for a few minutes more. Sally said, "Let's try something different." She had Linda stand up and mirror Sharon's position against me. She told me to put my arms around their backs. "Drop your towel, Sharon," she said. Sharon didn't hesitate. Her pubic hair was blonde, too.
"This would look so much better, if we were all nude," Sharon said. Linda took the cue and wriggled out of her shorts. She wasn't wearing any panties. Sharon looked at me. "Well, Mr. B?"
"I can't," I said. "I have a little disturbance down below."
"Are you getting hard, Mr. B?" Sharon said. I didn't say anything. This was becoming quite embarrassing and, at the same time, more than a little thrilling. And it wasn't just the marijuana that had loosened me up. Standing half naked with two nude women was a long-time fantasy coming true. Showing myself in certain circumstances was a repressed desire.
"Step away from Mr. B., ladies," Cora said. Both of them moved back and sat on the floor. "I think you can lower your trunks a bit more, Mr. B," Cora said with a smile. I looked at her and the others and slid my suit down to just above my pubes. They all applauded. Sally flipped her page and began a new sketch. I remained semi-hard, still thrilled and embarrassed, watching them watching me. "That's good, Mr. B. That looks really nice," Cora said.
"I can't believe I'm doing this," I said. I tried not to move, to be a good model. Sally had me put my hands behind my head and most of my weight on my right leg. She nodded to Sharon who got up and stood behind me. Her breasts pressed against my back. Her mound was lightly touching my ass. Her arms wrapped around my waist.
"Just a little lower," Sharon said, as she inched my waist band down just over the base of my cock. They could all see it. I wanted them to see it. I wanted them to see more. Sharon put a finger on the base. It got harder. My trunks began to tent outward. They saw that too.
"Ah, Mr. B," Sally said. "We've all seen cocks before. I'd like to draw yours. Can Sharon slide your suit off?" Nervously, I smiled and, I guess, Sharon took that to mean yes. She grabbed my waist band and pulled it over my hard-on. I didn't move. They all applauded again. She pushed my suit down to my ankles and lifted my feet out of it. She threw the suit to Cora. Then she stood up and wrapped her arms around me again. This time, she pushed her hairy mound tight against me. My cock kept growing and bobbing.
"You look great, Mr. B.," Sally said. Your cock is beautiful." Sharon and I stood there for a few more minutes and then Sally said she was finished. Sharon let go of me but told me to stay where I was. She sat down in a chair and, with the others, kept looking at my nakedness. They talked about my cock and complimented me on staying in shape.
"Do you like being naked in front of us?" Cora asked.
"Yes," I said, in a low voice.
"We can see that you do," Cora said. "You've got a bit of precum dangling from the tip of your cock." I looked down and scooped it up with my hand. I didn't say anything. Sharon and Linda got dressed, leaving me the only one nude. Cora said that I could stop posing. She offered me a bit of tequila and another hit. The others gathered around me and kept looking at me up and down.
"Your skin's dry from all the sun today, Mr. B," Sally said. "Do you mind if I put some moisturizing lotion on you?" I didn't say no. She returned in a minute with a bottle and squeezed some lotion onto her hand. She stepped behind me and rubbed it gently onto my back. She dripped more onto my ass and smoothed it all over and into my crack. Then, she stooped down to do the backs of my legs. "Face me," she said. I turned to her as she rose back up.
The late afternoon sun off the ocean was spilling into the living room. Sharon drew the drape and then turned on some soft jazz. She and Cora swayed to the music. Linda sat back down in an armchair. I caught her looking at my cock. She smiled. "It looks good," she said. Sally finished putting the lotion on my shoulders and chest. She brought her hands down to my belly, then added some lotion to her palms. She looked into my eyes as her hand wrapped my cock. Slowly, she applied the cream up and down my shaft. Slowly, she held me more tightly.
"I want to do that, too," Cora said. She stopped dancing, put some lotion in her hands, and took Sally's place. She knelt down to look directly at my cock. She cupped my balls with her left hand and stroked me with her right. Sally put her hand on my ass and traced my crack with her fingers. When she found my asshole, she paused, then pressed a finger gently against it. My wife used to do that. It always made me come.
"You'd better stop," I said.
"Why?" Sally said.
"I'm going to come if you keep doing that."
"That would be beautiful, Mr. B. We'd love to see you come," she said. She pressed a little more. Cora kept stroking me. Sharon rubbed my nipples.
"I think you should lick them," Linda said, as she rose from her chair. She gently put her mouth on one and then the other. Her tongue was wet and warm.
"May I kiss you, Mr. B?" Sharon asked. I didn't say anything. I was getting close. She turned my head to hers, smiled, and kissed me softly. Then, a bit harder. Cora quickened her strokes. Sally circled my hole. I couldn't hold back. Cum sprayed Cora's face. She brought her mouth close to my cock, but she didn't take it in. She just rubbed the tip across her lips as I moaned. It had been so long. So long. My former students, these carefree young women, had just given me a gift of love in the mottled light of a small beach house. I sank into a chair, breathing deeply. Each of them kissed my forehead. Each of them stroked my softening cock. Each of them said we should get together again.