"So, this is where you're hiding."
Looking up from her late husband Darryl Needy's office desk Margo Needy notes the unexpected arrival of her third new tenant Eric Crowe. Before her were bills spread out on the desktop, bills that were overdue if not by only weeks. She had the money to pay them, but she had been lazy with her son Elliot's departure weighing on her thoughts. Between missing her son and greeting his friends, now roommates, with a tad more than a welcome mat Margo was worn out. Two of the four had already been seduced. Two more to go. Target number three had just ducked his handsome head in.
"Right here Eric... no hiding."
"Brought you my rent check. Figured I should put this directly into your hand before moving any of my things in. It just felt like the right thing to do."
"That's very noble of you Eric. I'm going to love having you boys..." She takes a drink of wine before finishing her sentence, her eyes looking his body over from head to toe. Eric melted at her brilliant gaze, "...living here with me."
Sitting back in her swivel chair she stretches vibrantly displaying her bulging breasts through a silky tan spaghetti string halter top. Her nipples stabbing at him with a threatening display of Russian Roulette.
"Are those Darryl's?" He points at her, but his focus was what was behind her.
Pinching her top out to offer a hint more of swollen cleavage she shyly smiles, "They were..." Before adding further to her story of her husband's gift of silicone, she watches Eric move around her in favor of something less attractive. Remaining away from his discovery she hoped that he was stepping behind her to attempt some form of seduction. To her shock he had zero intentions on that fantasy. Instead, Eric had found the trophy case behind her. Blushing at her misperception while turning her seat to face him, she smiles with pride. "Darryl's early trophies, when he actually played ball. Those were long before I came into his life."
"I used to hear stories about Darryl Needy back in his prime. My Dad went to Penn State when Darryl played for them. Dad admitted to me that Darryl was his idol."
"That is so sweet. You should invite your father out to see these trophies." Without Eric seeing her she lifted Darryl's other trophies, her breasts. She was not far off, his mind reacted even without seeing her palming her tits.
"He might find his trophy wife more appealing." Eric chuckles.
"Mmmm! The invite still stands." She bats her eyes at him as his gaze relocated to her, her hands now primping at her top. While he looked down at her, she scoots her seat back and lifts her amazing long legs up to prop her feet up on the desk. Wearing loose white shorts allowed her muscular, well-tanned legs to taunt Eric should his marveling over shiny metal trophy's wane. It definitely worked.
"I wish I could..." He swallows dryly as she offers a doe like gaze of unblinking eyes. "...wish I could have seen him play."
"With?" She winks playfully.
"Play ball. I wasn't..." A blush leads him to turn away laughing, "Gutter balls are in bowling not basketball." He knew she was insinuating that he wanted to see sex videos between she and Darryl. As a manager at a local cineplex in Wildwood he was up for those videos too. Movie junkie!
Coyly, Margo changes the atmosphere of teasing with, "There are videos of every game he played in in the filing cabinet over there. You're welcome to watch them anytime as long as they never leave this house. I know you would respect those."
"Awesome! Thanks." He observes her rubbing one bare foot over the other almost sensually as she sipped her wine.
"You... painted your toenails."
"I did. They were looking so plain I felt it was time to brighten up my day. I've been so depressed since Elliot went away."
"You look really tense."
"Paying bills does that. While I have plenty of money for the short term, every penny I pay out gets me one step closer to heartbreak." She sighs lifting her wine glass, "Thus I drink to drown my sorrows." Pouting for sympathy she swirls her near empty glass. Seeing this Eric notes the bottle to her right and stretches over her legs to obtain it. In doing this his tented crotch caresses her leg below the knee. He made certain to roll every inch across those stunning limbs. Eyes flaring as he pulls back holding the bottle, he offers a refill. Glass extended she accepts his offer. "Mmm! I like the service in this restaurant. I thought Cabot was the waiter in our new family." Cabot Ross was employed by Hilltop restaurant in Wildwood.
After the refill he retraces his steps placing the bottle exactly where he plucked it up from, again caressing her leg with a slide rule of hidden girth. She shivered as he lingered a bit to look down over her hips, and between her legs before standing away. Her shorts loose enough to reveal red lace panties beneath them. As nerves kick in Eric chooses to avert his gaze and scratch the back of his neck.
"Only half full?" She pouts with a puffy lower lip.
"What? Oh, sorry." Again, he stretches over her legs for a repeat performance claiming the bottle. This time Eric's hands trembled as he tilted the bottle for a cap off. Fingers sweaty he nearly drops the bottle as it poured.
"Let's not spill the wine. One, it's quite expensive. This is one luxury; I'd hate to live without. For two my shorts are white. Staining them would be bad even though these old things are ancient, they are comfy."
"Sorry! Are you trying to get drunk?"
"You will know when I get drunk. I can't keep my clothes on." She sticks her tongue out at him.
"In that case... drink up." He chuckles.
"Now Mister Crowe..." She lifts her left foot and nudges his abs just above his pubic area. "I also get the giggles. Too much makes me want to belly dance."
"Ohhh, I remember those hips, Shakira." He laughs.
"Do you? Even when my dancing uniform slipped to my thighs. Well, my ankles I suppose."
"Not even going to deny that. Trying to behave here mom. You should do the same. More wine?" He feigns reaching for the bottle, she had not even taken a drink from her refill. Giggling she shakes her head.
"Someone has high hopes of seeing me do silly things."
"Just flirting. Don't read too much into it. No offense Mrs. Needy, but it's not going to be easy trying not to flirt with you."
"But I love a good book. Flirt all you want, just understand that any acknowledgement is just my reacting for fun. I like an occasion tease like anyone. Okay, maybe more often than not. At any rate I'll let you know if it's over the line." He observes her toes trailing up her opposite leg sensually as she imbibes. Mesmerized by her foot massaging her shin, he lost track of time. She merely studied his eyes and expression. She wondered just how long he could stare without a word between them. Intimate thoughts guide her gameplay, "That's it sweet Eric, fantasize about me." That he did. "Eric?" She softly speaks, her left-hand fiddling with her shorts near her inner thighs. It takes another try to break his trance, "Earth to Eric! Come in Eric!"
"Huh?" He jumps a bit. Realization sets in as she sips her wine looking over her glass with the most amazing brown eyes. "Sorry! Just thinking."
"About what may I ask?"
"Fucking the holy hell out of you." He offers a mental reply then vocalizes with, "Just how lucky Darryl was. You're beautiful. I hope you don't mind the compliment."
"You're welcome to compliment me every second of the day."
"Some of those I might keep to myself." He smirks.
"Shame."
"Okay! You've got the hottest legs I've ever seen."
She rolls a palm over her upper thighs examining his impression of them. "I just shaved them. Silky soft now. Feel!" She prompts him to test her own beliefs.
"Are you sure?"
"Eric! You've massaged these legs when we took Elliot to the airport. Being shy now seems moot don't you think?"
"True." Deep breath taken he rolls his right palm over her shin up to her knee. As she sips her wine, she lifts her leg higher for further examination. Challenged Eric moved above the knee and caresses her clear up to the hem over the left leg of her extremely short white shorts. "Very nice. Not even a Knick."
"I'm talented that way."
"Okay! Before I get myself into trouble, I better get started carrying my things in."
"No trouble. I think we are beyond being shy of one another after that road trip. Do you need any help?"
He immediately tells his thoughts, "Sure. You can start by stroking my cock." Of course, those thoughts switched to a spoken. "If you feel generous."
"I'm always generous. Let me finish paying my last bill here and I'll be down."
"Sounds good. Don't lick a stamp without me watching." He bulges his eyes at his outburst. Her own eyes flaring at his boldness.
"Do they still make those type of stamps? I pay my bills online Eric. You're so cute." She giggles lowering her legs to the floor and scooting her chair back up to the desk.
"Sorry."
"Don't be. I used to be very good at licking stamps. Wait! Just for you Eric." She digs through a desk drawer and locates a very old book of stamps. Lifting them up between two fingers she snickers, "I just remembered, I still had these antiques." He found it amusing as she adds, "Snoopy and Woodstock, even." winking before taking a stamp from the mostly used booklet and posing it up to her tongue. Seductively she licks the stamp and plants it on an envelope that she was going to toss in the garbage anyway. Offering a bitter expression, she quickly takes a sip of wine. The gross look on her face multiplied. "Stale glue and red wine do not mix."
"Funny as hell. See you downstairs." He walked out gripping his tented beast snarling at how hard he was. "Down boy! Down." Between this interaction and hearing of Margo's morning bedroom masturbation dream from both Cabot and Brian he was hoping for his own bit of erotic behavior. While they refused to share the video, they took in order to cooperate with Margo's requests of playing all four boys without each knowing the other had already had her in bed they did mention hearing her through her door. Of course, Margo didn't let on she knew the boys had watched her, let alone record her. Untrue of course, that she wasn't aware of the boys in her room spying she was just a darn good actress. Her game was just that perfected. Look out Eric Crowe.
"Fuck that was hot." He trudged downstairs his mind racing. "I love those legs. Wonder if she shaved her pussy too?" He had no clue of Darryl forbidding her of ever having pubic hair, even though of late she had disobeyed her husband's memory and grew a thin landing strip. Even when he was alive, she would occasionally ignore his demands. Mostly when he was gone for weeks at a time with his team. Only Cabot and Brian knew that revelation, and neither of them had admitted that much information. All they did was offer news of her breakfast in bed and catching her masturbate while in dreamland listening through the door. Just enough to stimulate their friends and assist Margo in her seductions. Chess pieces were moving. Mates were being checked.
While Eric starts outdoors, Margo back in the office downs her glass of wine in a single gulp. Snatching up her bottle she caps it then stretches, her breasts vibrantly lifting. Eric should have been there. She would just stretch later for him. Fixated on the image of Eric still there, she giggles and sheepishly roleplays, holding her wine bottle between her tits she crushed them around it as if titty fucking herself. "My bottle Mister Crowe. Mine!" She had to laugh at herself. Image fading, she sighs. "I need to brush my teeth now. Stupid stamps." Into the trash can Snoopy went.
Moving from the office she shuffled to her bedroom, then her private bath to tinkle. Sitting there shorts and panties to her ankles she recalls her seduction of Cabot and Brian. "The boys are dying to ravish my body. I really don't even need to try hard. My God! If Eric doesn't give me some, I'm going to have to break out my toys later. Two more boys Margo. Don't let Eric say no. With Heath moving in tomorrow I need to have Eric today." She takes a deep breath then flushes her toilet, "Do not fail Margo." No chance of that Mrs. Needy.
After washing her hands, and quickly brushing her teeth she felt ready to pursue her next target. "Much better." She grits her pearly whites checking them out before giggling. "Let's gargle with cum Bitch." Wondering if she should change clothing before helping Eric she shrugged, "Be natural Margo. If you change clothing now it looks obvious that you're trying to turn him on. As if what I'm wearing now won't. Let's play this close to the chest." Squeezing her braless beauties for effect and stimulation Margo was on her way downstairs, wine bottle in hand. A swift trip to the kitchen she sits the wine in the fridge.
"Let's go Margo Cargo." Front door reached she opens it just as Eric climbs the front steps of the porch carrying a large overflowing box. On top of the pile rested a Catcher's mitt, baseball tucked in it. Stumbling a bit, the box tilted and out flew the baseball rolling across the lengthy deck and under a bench for sitting.
"I'll grab the balls... ball." She flares her eyes at him for her goofy remark. Wiggling away he winced at her shifting butt cheeks behind those really high riding shorts. Dropping to her hands and knees in order to reach beneath the bench her ass posed as if expecting doggy style. Even with his box heavy, Eric had his cell in hand. Awkwardly he turns on his camera and snaps a photo of her ass ready for some spanking, her kneeled position hiking those shorts even higher over her cheeks. Her red panties could be seen through the short's constriction between her thighs.
"Fuck yeah!" He sighs watching her claim the ball and sit up on her knees. Leering over her shoulder smiling she shows him the ball.
"Just call me a Philly Filly."
"Thanks. Don't you just hate those fly balls to left field?"
"You played baseball in high school?"
"Yep. Catcher if you couldn't tell." He nods at the mitt still in the box.
Standing she stalks toward him tossing the ball up and down in her hand. On the third toss upward, she fumbles and loses the ball. Eric had to laugh as it rolled toward his feet until he steps on it to stop its roll. Giggling she shuffles closer and winks, "Foul ball." He then observed her kneel to pick it up, her body in position as if ready to unfasten his pants and blow him. Looking up at him she offers innocent eyes, "All we need now is a Louisville Slugger." A glance at his erection she had found it.
"This box is getting heavy Mom." He wasn't lying, he just didn't want to drop it on her. Standing quickly Margo planted the baseball back into the box and stepped out of the way.
"Take that on upstairs. I'll go grab another." She let him pass and started down the steps when she changed her mind about going barefoot in the gravel driveway. Stepping back inside to the front closet she found her most used flip flops and scurried back out. Reaching Eric's car, a 2006 Toyota Camry she found his trunk open. Examining the boxes within it she snoops a bit. A clothing box had something interesting. "Eric owns a speedo. Oh my!" Holding it up in front of her she giggles, "I've seen and felt his hidden erection when I sat on his lap. How is this slingshot going to contain that thing." Before being caught, back into the box it went.
Noticing more in the next box she digs in producing a bottle of flavored lube and a box of ribbed condoms. "Allergic to latex, back you go." Opening the lube bottle, she sticks her tongue out and samples the rim of the bottle, "Mmmm! Cinnamon." Capped and back in place she stops snooping and carries the clothing box to the porch. Sitting it down just as he returns Eric captured a magical shot of her massive cleavage just as her loose halter hangs low. "NIPPLES!" He grinned to himself, "Damn those look nice."
"I'll unload, you carry up."
"That's my job to unload... on your big ole' titties." He nods thinking lustfully. She merely smiles even as her left strap abandons her shoulder, Margo didn't even try to pull it back up, one strap was sufficient.
Hoisting the box, he headed back inside. Margo returning to the car discovered old Hustler magazines in a small wooden crate in the backseat. "Oooo! She looks like me." She admires the cover model. Leaving it, she grabs that second box from the trunk. The bottom flaps merely folded together made the box come open under the weight of the contents. Luckily it was in the trunk instead of all over the driveway. Grimacing at the accident she refolds the box and begins to pick up what had fell through. "Handcuffs? Well now! Hmmm! Two pairs. Are we arresting each other Eric? Too bad they're not fuzzy. But I do have plenty of those in Darryl's dungeon."
Once repacked she carries the box more carefully back to the porch where Eric stood waiting to claim it. "Tired already?" He calls to her from a distance. While constrained to not losing the bottom, another bottom begins to fall. Her loose-fitting comfy shorts were sagging from her waist. Probably the oldest piece of clothing she owned, yet unwilling to part with them, the waistband was worn out. With each step the shorts were falling ever so gradually, butt crack shining and defining, her G-string strap looking like crimson spaghetti. By the time she reached Eric it had drifted down to mid crack.
"Hardly tired. I'm used to strenuous workouts. I might need your help though. These ratty old shorts of mine are seeing better days. Pull them up for me." She turns her back to him and he instantly bites his knuckle at half of her ass hanging out.
"Trying not to look mom."
"You saw equally as much on the ride to the airport. This is no different than my wearing a bikini, Eric. Stare away. Besides you would not be the first man to look, I used to be a lingerie model remember?" She giggled feeling his hands tugging her shorts up high, the crotch snugging up a bit too high inside her thighs for a round of flaring big brown eyes. "Any higher and I start squealing."
"Sorry."
"I am so going to break you boys of all these apologies. That, and this whole mom business."
"We can't help it Mrs. Needy. You feel like mom to us." He smirks adding, "Don't take this the wrong way but, Elliot used to show us pictures of you on his cell. From your modelling days. Bra and pantie shots. You were hot back in those days. Less... up there though."
"Are you saying I'm not hot now?" She winces.
"NO WAY! You're hot as fu-. Especially after..." He reluctantly points at her chest.
"Finish your sentences, Eric. That's a pet peeve of mine."
Laughing he finishes, just not how she expected, "You're hot as spicy Funyuns."
"Don't make me roll my eyes. Tell me what you meant to say."
"You're hot as fuck. You knew what I meant. I was trying to be polite."
"No need to be polite. Of course, I did. I just needed the ego boost." Another tongue razz followed. "I'm presuming you were pointing out my boob job. They do add something don't they?" She primps at her halter top knowing her nipples were reeling his eyes in. Not to mention one side drooped more due to her strap over her bicep.
"It's impossible not noticing mom."
Wagging her index finger with a scowl she groans, "Mom again. Oh, I'm going to change that mom thing don't you worry Handsome Eric. From now on you finish every sentence as it was intended. Am I clear, Mister Crowe?"
"Yes Ma'am."
"Yes Hottie." She batts her lashes playfully.
"Really?" He laughs taking the box from her. In doing so, again everything within collapses to the ground. "Aw man!"
"I picked that stuff up once. All yours."
"You did? Uh, oh! I guess you found..."
"Hand cuffs? Are you trying out for the police department?"
"No." He chuckles, "You know what they're for." He winks.
"I have a fairly good idea." She feigns a blush. Margo breaks down, kneeling to yet again assist in picking up the contents, this time discovering something she had missed before. Something feathery caught her attention lifting it up by a handle, "Feather duster? Are you planning to clean my home in your speedo?" She freezes gritting her teeth, "Yes, I spotted that too. You should hide things better."
"I thought honesty was the best policy. Should I hide things from our landlady?"
"Not at all. I'd prefer total honesty, no matter what it involves. I also saw your men's magazines. The girl on the cover looks suspiciously like me."
"I hadn't thought of that. I think I know the magazine you're talking about. Yeah!" He grins devilishly, "I might have to put her pinups on the wall."
"It's your room. Decorate it as you like."
"You won't object to your twin all spread eagle on my wall?"
"Of course not. You're grown men all of you. I would worry if you didn't." She sticks her tongue out at him. "I'm going back for more. Try not to lose the contents on the stairs going up." Margo stood turning to pull her shorts back up, extra high just to taunt him with her lower cheeks swelling out.
"Niiiice! You just keep teasing like that Mrs. Needy." He smirked to himself. A glance back at him Margo knew he was drooling. Sure, enough he lost things on the stairwell, she heard him yell, "Son of a bitch." It made her shake her head. Before Eric returned, she had set boxes on the porch, including his magazines, more clothing, and hygiene box of colognes, soap, toothpaste, etc.
In the front seat she found a photograph and trophy box. Baseball trophies from two years in a row accompanied by a team photo. Finding Eric in the roster she snickered, "He looks so much younger in this than he does now. My handsome lad has certainly matured." It brought back thoughts of Elliot growing up, casting a shadow over her hormones suddenly. It got worse discovering Eric's most recent family portrait consisting of mom and dad, and presumably a sister with strawberry blond hair and a few freckles. She was very cute. Tucking it away she left well enough alone and carried the box to the porch.
Next trip would find fitness equipment. Barbells from the back floorboards with 50 pounds each on them. She lifted them easily and escorted them one at a time to her home just as Eric returned. Trying to impress him she curled one at a time while staring him in the eye. Her shorts drooping in front revealing her G-string bands made for an even better show. "Get tough Momma." He chuckles. She continued for ten repetitions. With each lift her shorts drifted until they aligned with her pubic area, her thong showing at the top. Even her only holding shoulder strap on her halter fell off of her and slid to feel the flex of her muscles. Her cleavage was barely clinging to her massive tits.
"You're losing those shorts again." He steps down from the porch and moves behind her to grip the waistband pulling them up. She smiled over her shoulder and sighed at his respect. He even resisted his hopefulness and drew her straps back up on her shoulders. "You're losing it all." She smirked telling herself, "I guarantee it." She knew she would be naked with her young lover within the hour. With the other boys gone to work there was a timetable if she expected privacy.
"I should really retire these shorts, but I've had them since my early 20's. They're the comfiest shorts I've ever had."
"They still have life in them. I never realized how well you keep your body until I saw your abs."
"I keep fit. You know my cardio lifestyle. I do yoga every morning. Weights a few days a week. I don't want to look like a wrestler, but I always will look sleek and sexy I promise you that much."
"I saw sexy the first day I locked eyes on you when you came to school with Elliot one time. Parent teacher day I think."
"That's where I recognized your mom." She nods toward the box of picture frames.
"Right! That's my mom Georgia and dad Dale, and my baby, not so baby sister Lily. She's 18 now. Mom had us exactly a year apart. Don't know if you noticed my dog Studly or not."
"I missed him somehow." She climbs the steps and bends over in front of him allowing her halter to fan open in front for another full breast exposure. It only lasted a second as she sat the dumbbells down. He saw, she knew. With a hesitance to recall what he intended to do Eric shook off his lust and produced a picture of he, Lily, and a big white sheepdog.
"He's adorable." Margo melted, "The dog is cute too."
"Geeeez!" He blushes. "Why don't you have pets?"
"I do. You're just all moving in." She pats his head, "Good boy."
"You're hilarious. Seriously, why no pets?"
"Darryl was always allergic to cat hair. Some dog dander as well. Elliot always wanted a dog, but Darryl wouldn't allow it. Me? I'm happy not have to take care of a pet I knew no one else would. Even though I am a cat lover."
"Can I bring Studly out here for exercise now and then?"
"Absolutely. I prefer him not come inside the house though."
"That's fine. We just don't have a very big yard at home, and none of us take him to the park like we used too."
"Lots of room out here to run. As long as he doesn't get lost out there in the hills."
"He listens when I whistle. Thanks mom."
"Margo."
"Thanks Margo."
"Let's finish up here. Your turn my cute bodybuilder." She points at the dumbbells. Picking them up he poses like a Hercules while she fans herself cooing before giggling and bouncing down the steps with the cutest butt jiggle. It was like she was 18 all over again. Hell, she looked 22 instead of early 30's as it was. Mighty fine Margo. Mighty fine.
Finalizing what was left in this load she shuts his trunk and car doors, carrying shirts on hangers. Very stylish shirts with ties dangling as if matched ahead of time. She was impressed. She adored a well-dressed man. Reaching the house as he picked up the last box, he motions gallantly for her to take the lead. Her shorts sagging yet again she ignored pulling them up. She knew the torture would be worth it in the end. Besides her hands were full. Hearing him kick her front door shut they headed upstairs to the second floor. Each step she climbed those shorts slipped a bit lower. He had a difficult time not tripping going up. At the top of the steps, she looks back at him with smiling eyes.
"Eyes on the steps Eric. Not my butt cheeks."
"You try following those hips." He laughs.
Giggling she purposely wiggled with extra effort all the way to his room. Within she found boxes slung everywhere, uncertain where he was putting anything at the time of drop off. Moving around the maze she at least hung his shirts up in his closet. Eric setting his box of gaming console necessities inhaled a deep breath, "That's it for one trip. Thanks for the help mo... Margo."
"Much better." She moves closer patting his cheek. "No TV?"
"Next trip. It's a 55' TV so I'll need my dad's truck to move it."
"I see. You may use all my televisions in the house. Feel free, just do not hog it if I wish to watch something."
"No problem. My gaming equipment will be in here, so I at least won't be using them much. Do I have cable?"
"Satellite dish. It's all we get way out here I'm afraid."
"As long as I have internet."
"Darryl had lines run out here. Quite expensive but I'm very happy he did."
"So am I." He nods, "No net, no video games, no chatrooms... I'd die."
"While I don't do chatrooms, so would I. I like shopping online. That's how I do most everything."
"Have things delivered?"
"Yes. I don't drive."
"Even though you still have Darryl's cars?"
"I can't part with anything Darryl, well, I did sell our RV last fall to bolster my cash flow. Besides Elliot wants them once he gets through college."
"Yeah, he's told us that. Hell, he doesn't have a driver's license either. Why didn't he ever... oh! Because of Darryl's accident. I get it!"
"Did you have your own bed, Eric?" She changes the topic of conversation to avoid sadness. "Brian brought his out, I had him move the old one downstairs to the gym area for now. I'm uncertain where to store it on a more permanent basis. Maybe above the garage I suppose. We can do that some weekend."
"I have a Queen at home but I'm good using this one for now. If you don't mind."
"Not at all." She sits on the foot of the current Queen bed.
"Good deal. One less trip right away. Besides my mom wants to turn my room into a guest bedroom. Might as well use my bed, right?" He moves the single box on his bed and launches his body over the mattress behind her for a feel of it. Sprawling out with his muscular arms behind his head he puckers, "It's a lot harder than my mattress."
"I like hard things." She smirks patting the mattress.
"No comment." He laughs.
"I would live with whatever you blurted out." She giggles.
"I'll remember that. Are you going to ever rent out Elliot's room?"
"Oh, no! He will need that when he returns. All of his hobbies and things are in there. I just couldn't. He only has a six-month Visa so he has to return by then. We can discuss his education going forward after that."
"Gotcha!" Eric decides to bounce on the bed after hearing a noise when he first landed. In his quest for knowledge, he discovers a deadly squeaking noise. Wincing at her as she gnashes her teeth.
"It's an old bed."
"Sounds it. I'd hate to wake you if I ever had a girl over."
"You know? I never once thought about any of you boys..."
"Men."
She smiles briefly, "...any of you men, bringing girls home for the night."
"I wonder how noisy it would really be if we had sex on it?" He looks at the bed bouncing yet again for another squeak.
"We?" Her eyes grow wide.
"Yeah! Me and another girl. Sorry, I guess that sounded like I meant..."
"You and I? Finish those sentences."
"Right!"
Twisting in her seat she shares a sensual look, "Let's do it."
"What?" He turned pale. She decides to crawl around him as he unlocks his arms from behind his head with a shocked expression. Stretching out beside his body she rolls into him patting his abs beneath his t-shirt.
"Mrs. Needy?"
"That's me. We bounce together on three. One... two..."
"THREE." He beats her to the punch laughing, abruptly bouncing his weight on the bed while she joins him. It was awkward with both of them on their backs. The springs were definitely noisy. Stopping their motions after thirty seconds they share a scowl.
"Hmmm?" She looks him in the eye with her hands rubbing her exposed tummy. He could see the lower definition of her bulging breasts beneath her rising halter. Her shorts even slightly in disarray. He was getting hard and trying to hide the swell. "Roll over." She insisted.
"What?"
"There's more force being pushed down on the mattress like that."
"You want me too...?"
"Finish that sentence."
"Dry hump the bed?" He at least rolled to his side facing her, his upper body held aloft by his elbow. Smiling at him with alluring eyes Margo studied his expression. He melted within her gaze.
"Damn! Right, this very second you really do look like Gal Gadot."
"And Sophie Turner? I've heard you guys mention her too."
"Hint of that girl from Gotham... the one from Teen Wolf."
"Crystal Reed?"
"Yeah, that's her."
"I'll accept that."
"Cool."
"You had to mention cool, didn't you? It's really hot and stuffy in here." She tugs at her cleavage then rolls fingers over her belly, "I'm sweating. I'm trying so very hard not to turn on my AC. The bill would be astronomical. I know I should with you boys... men living here. Suffering on my account is shameful."
"We understand. Money is tight for you even with the rent we give you. I can turn the ceiling fan on."
"Not yet." She halts his attempt to rise, then fans her halter a second time showing off more under cleavage. He could not agree more, he was wringing in perspiration.
"It really is hot in here. Would you object if I took my shirt off?"
Pausing for a moment to explore his eyes she hesitantly smiles, "I wish it were that easy for me. You may."
Boldly he sits up and yanks his t-shirt over his broad shoulders and head. Casting it aside left him in only his cargo pants, socks, and shoes. Her eyes drift across his chiseled chest and she holds her breath, fingers teasing her lower belly without realizing it. Margo Needy was growing very turned on.
Snapping his fingers Eric smirks, "My turn, Earth to Margo. Come in Margo." God, he wanted to cum inside her.
"Yes...in..." She catches her own dirty train of thought and revives herself from her trance, "For a moment there I thought about Darryl is all. You have similar... chests." After an embarrassed expression she adds, "Where were we?"
"You wanted me to fuck the bed." He laughed.
"I did? Oh... it really is hot. That ceiling fan might come in useful after all."
"Got it." He hops up and races to the switch, the fan doesn't even activate. "Maybe not."
"You have got to be kidding me. Another expense? I'm so sorry, Eric. I'll get someone to replace it."
"You don't have to. I've got a pedestal fan still at home I'll bring out later tonight."
"I'll still get that fixed."
"My dad's an electrician. I'll ask him to come out with me when I bring my TV. He should be home by 6:00."
Pouting she nods, "Thank you, Eric."
"We have your back mom... I mean Margo." Patting the bed as she still lay there, he returns to her side. "On my stomach, right?" His eyes drift over Margo's belly as her fingers still caress it. He notes those fingers toying with thin jewelry attached to her belly button. "I never noticed the belly bling." She lifts it for his inspection. "Looks good on you. Did you have it on the night of your belly dance?"
"No. I should have worn it." She hikes her halter top high to look down at herself, so much skin was exposed that Eric's dick rose another inch. There was no hiding it if she checked him out. "I guess I didn't want Elliot to think I was trying too hard to be sexy."
"You don't even have to try."
"Sweet of you to say." She offers a warm smile then pats the bed, "Seduce the mattress."
"Wait! What's the inscription say on that tiny charm?"
"See for yourself." Her fingers abandon the jewelry and ease to her hips. Eric swallows dryly then leans over her belly and touches the charm, his pinky caressing her flesh lightly next to her belly button. "Can you read it?"
"Man, I need glasses."
"Look closer." She sighs, feeling his warm exhales cascade over her lower belly. So wet, not sweat. Goosebumps were saying hello to him.
"I think it says... seriously?" He looks up shocked, "Does that say... TAKE ME?"
"It does." She giggles patting the bed harder, "You ready to ride this ole' girl?"
"You do realize that sounds like a proposition." He shakes his head.
Rolling her eyes giggling she pats his lower back, "Mind out of the gutter Mister Crowe."
"Hey! You put it there."
"I suppose I did. Seduce the mattress."
"I can't believe I'm doing this." He rolls over on his front side and laughs before thrusting up and down on it, being silly he moans loudly and calls out, "OHHHH, SERTA." Margo busted up laughing. Squeaks were louder than ever. "Yeah, I'll be waking the entire house."
"It's not that bad." She giggles.
"Oh, come on."
"Gutter..." She frowns taunting his eyes with her hand roaming her torso.
"Your gutter or mine? I guarantee if I had sex on this bed the next county would hear these springs."
"Or your dates as they scream with passion." She winks.
"That too."
"You read too much into it Eric."
"I could barely read your bling."
"You managed." Another pat to the mattress she adds, "Put your weight into it."
"Good grief. I'm fucking my bed." He chuckles and does his best to hit it hard. Noisy but quieter in a strange way. "Come on Margo, putting my weight into this isn't the same as when two people really get into it. It has to be balanced in the center not way over here to the side."
"I suppose you're right. I guess we wait until you bring a date home."
"That or..."
"There you go again... finish your thought."
"Naaa! Too weird."
"Oh, for Pete's sake. Move over." She repositions to the center of the bed just as she would if sleeping on it. Once comfy she spreads her legs in front of him, he could see her G-string patch between her parted shorts leg formation. "Get in here and lay over me."
"You're not serious." He drops his jaw.
"Do it before I change my mind."
"You want me to act like I'm fucking you?"
"A complete sentence without stuttering. I'm impressed. Good boy!"
With a stressed look in his eye, he crawls in over her and supports his weight aloft via knuckles to each side of her. She plants her palms on his chest and wheezes slightly. "These pecs are solid."
"Just like you, I keep in shape." Eyes sparkling, she refuses to blink. Eric grew lost in them until he realized his situation. "Ummm! Am I like thrusting down over you?"
"We simulate an actual sex act if we want to learn just how noisy the bed is. Correct?"
"Wow! Ummm? Margo?"
"Can I take off my cargo pants?"
Her eyes flare and she lowers her jaw at his unexpected request. "Who just said this might be weird?"
"Any stranger than us doing this?" He sighs.
"Are you wearing underwear?"
"Boxers."
"I must be crazy." She shyly laughs and flutters her eyes back into her head while whispering, "All to test the sounds of very old box springs."
"It was your idea to do this. I just... my pants are really tight right now."
"Do I need to question why?" She laughs.
"You laughing at me isn't helping."
"OH MY GOD, ERIC! Take them off... only the shorts."
"Thank you." Lifting away he crawls from bed to the foot and swiftly removes his cargo shorts. She tries not to look covering her eyes with her right arm to blind herself. Seeing her do that he devilishly digs into his boxers and brings forth a beastly seven-inch dick wagging it for kicks. Stroking his powerhouse a few times he tucks it back in, leaving the buttons undone. The boxers barely contained him. For a brief instant he recalls Brian's truck and Margo sitting in his lap, her bare ass on his bare cock. She rode that way seemingly oblivious for a good ten miles. Was she that naïve? Surely not. If it fell out of his boxers over her thighs, he would just call it an accident.
"Are you done yet?" She sighs heavily, her free hand still roaming her lower belly.
"Yep! Climbing over you now. You can keep your eyes closed if this embarrasses you."
"I'm fine Eric. Let's get this over with." Revealing her eyes, she observes him crawling back into bed and scooting up between her legs. That bulge behind barely capable boxers made her eyes grow wide. He hadn't noticed her checking him out.
"Here I come." He needed to badly. So did she.
Moving closer until his crotch touches her between her legs, he lowers his upper body as he had before, knuckles on the mattress. In leaning, his junk smothered her shorts perfectly in alignment with her concealed pussy. She looked up at him, her palms again gracing his chest.
"You okay Margo?"
"Oh yes."
"I can't believe you're letting me do this. I swear I won't tell the other guys, definitely not Elliot."
"I'll try my best to believe that. I can always deny, deny, deny." She sneers playfully, "Let's hear these springs."
"Do I... you know... press against you."
"Like you're already doing?"
He looks down between their thighs, "I guess I am. Sorr-" Her hand rises up and clamps over his mouth to prevent his apology.
"What did I say about apologizing?" A nod later she uncovers his mouth.
"Not sorry. Not sorry." He rambles chuckling.
"See? How hard is... was that?"
"Fucking hard."
Her eyes light up at their sexual banter. Finally, Margo palms his face, "Eric?"
"Yeah?"
"Fuck me." Her words seemed genuine.
"Whoa! Okay." He rubbed his crotch against hers at first, in doing so his cock slipped free of his boxers rolling directly over her white shorts. If she knew she didn't react to it. His launch had issues when he pulled back ready to thrust, his crown dropping low and pointing straight at her covered cunt. He had no choice but to see how she responded to his first thrust. A jab at her shorts made her tense up, her hands moving back to his chest roaming a bit in his chest hair.
"Fuck! I slipped out." He halted.
"Keep going or the springs won't get a true test."
"Even with it out?"
"I'm wearing clothes Eric."
"Yeah but... it's like I'm really..."
"FUCK ME ERIC CROWE." She moves her hands to his hips digging in nails.
"ON IT!" He thrusted into her as hard and as rapid as he could, knowing his dick was jabbing the right places but being deflected by her shorts and G-string. Lifting her knees to his hips to join her hands she exhales loudly, "Harder Eric." Her tone was believable. He complied, offering moans of his own.
"Crazy! Crazy! Crazy!" He huffs. The springs sounded like a train wreck braking on its tracks.
"Good lord!" Margo creases her brow, wincing at the racket, "We're definitely finding you another bed. I'd never rest hearing this racket."
"I can make them louder." He laughs still hitting her shorts as if really fucking her. She allowed him to continue, eyes dancing with each collision. In his lustful adventure Eric's cock slipped beneath her white shorts and began grazing over her red G-string. He could feel her wetness.
"Eric?" She appeared concerned suddenly.
"Please don't tell me to stop. I've fantasized about this moment."
"Eric?"
"Please let me cum."
"OH, MY GOD! ERIC?"
"Evict me... I don't care. Just let me cum."
"I don't..." She hesitates to stare into his determined gaze.
"Finish your sentence." He commits to her earlier lesson.
"I don't... want to evict you, Eric."
"Why not? I'm violating you."
"Yes... you're overstepping boundaries. I'm to blame though. I also overstepped. I've let this go way too far."
Lowering his upper body he pins her palms against his chest, her own chest crushing up into his. "I wish I could really fuck you." Her breath was taken away as his brow touches hers.
"Eric?" She trembled, his thrusts still antagonizing her G-string, his crown brushing over her lower belly, skin on skin.
"Please, Mrs. Needy."
"I... can't." She bites her lower lip haunted by his expression of disappointment, "I'll let you cum on my shorts but please keep this between you and me. I don't want the other boys thinking they can do the same."
Truth be known two of those roommates had already fucked her silly. Both sworn to secrecy until she had sampled all four of them. Oh, she wanted to fuck this man on top of her. The game she was playing was meant to torture the boys until she gave in. It was working fabulously.
"I won't say a word. Can I see your tits at least?"
"No, Eric." She continues exploring his pout. Caving slightly, she pulls her hands free of his crushing chest and caresses his rib cage, "You can feel them. Lift up but keep your eyes sealed."
"Okay!" His thrusting was not wavering in the least. Closing his eyes, he lifts his body back up on his knuckles. As he offers room, she raises her halter top over her breasts then draws him back down, chest on chest again. Not what he expected but her sweaty body did feel amazing, her constantly erect nipples teasing his pecs. "Fuck your nipples feel good. Can I open my eyes now?"
"Yes." She trembles at the new sensations her areolas were treated to.
"How can you not be turned on by this? I mean I can feel how wet you're getting. I know you must be."
Trying to form a reply that didn't prove how right he was she hears and feels threads popping on her old shorts. His rapid torture was violently thrashing her shorts to the point of destruction.
"Dang it! I love these shorts. Eric... stop."
"Nooo!" He whined.
"Listen to me." She once again palms his face searching for cooperation. "Close your eyes again. I want you to lift away just long enough to remove my shorts before they rip."
"Alright!" He rears up on his knees in a statuesque pose. Her eyes exploring his almost Herculean build made her even wetter. Lifting her legs and hips she tugged her shorts over her ass, down her long-tanned legs, and ending at her ankles. Feet carefully kicking them free she sent them to the floor. Before recalling him, she spots his huge erection pointing at her with grandeur.
"Why are all these boys so huge? Oh, my God! I want that." Her body shivers at her thoughts. Should she give in easily or torture him further? Torture it was.
"Done?" He questioned.
"One more second." In her hurried thoughts she realized how tired she was of her halter top wrinkled up beneath her back. Surprising him when he returned to lay over her, he would find it too missing. Margo Needy was down to only her skimpy red G-string. "Come to Margo."
"Cum on Margo?" He slyly said, closing back down on top of her. Instantly, he realized her shirt was long gone. Nipples attacking his chest he smiled. "Wasn't expecting that."
"Neither was I. It was twisting under me. i hated it. And yes I'll let you cum on me."
"I can relate to that twist. My boxers are riding up my ass."
"Oh, Eric." She sighs, "You're hanging out as it is, just take them off." Eric Crowe did not give her time to change her mind. Rearing back, he lowers the boxers, then sits just long enough to get them off. That boy was naked and smiling like a bandit. Not to mention his eyes were wide open and checking Margo's body out. She scowled at him but shook her head. What was done was done.
"Fuck your body is tight."
"Those eyes should still be closed. " She sneers.
"Not sorry."
"Good. Never be."
"Coming back down."
"Give the springs a real workout." She winks at him.
"Then, lose that thong." He winks back.
"Ohhh, Eric." She worried how fast this was all going. She might as well fuck him now. She intended too anyway. "Take my G-string off of me."
"Serious?" He lights up like lightning through a windowpane.
"Yes."
"Hell, yes." He rears up yet again and pinches her thong bands guiding them from her hips and down her legs. Ripped from her toes he rears it over his head triumphantly, "AND THE LANDLADY IS NAKED."
Giggling she lifts her toes to tickle his ribs playfully, "Get down here and let's wake the state up."
"Oh, fuck yes." Climbing back over her his crown rolled directly amid her labia. She tensed up and let her hands roam his muscled back. "Get ready to scream." He had confidence.
"If I don't, I'm raising your rent." She snickers. Wincing down at her he located her hole and rammed in hard. The second he did her soaked pussy squirted slightly around his girth.
"You're wet as hell. You wanted this all along, didn't you?"
"YES! FUCK ME!"
"Like my stiff cock mom? Margo, I mean."
"It's very sturdy... FUCK YES, I LIKE IT." She expressed enthusiasm, "NOW SHUT UP AND FUCK MOM HARD."
Eric Crowe bit his lip and towered over her, raising her legs to thrust deeper, faster. Her tits bouncing about as best they could was still amazing. Palming them she tilts her head back. Eric hit her so hard his balls were heard slapping her ass even over the springs. Her response was eyes rolling back into her head at every slammed inch he plugged her hole with.
"Yessssssss! Fuck my pussy. I've wanted this for so very long."
"Whoa! How long?"
"Since..."
"Since that Parent Teacher conference?"
"I am not answering that." She held her breath, "That might incriminate her thoughts on his youth. To be honest she really didn't recall him at probably 16. She was there on Elliot's behalf, not looking for young boys for future hookups.
"You were... I can tell." She let him believe what he wanted. She hadn't really noticed him until Elliot had invited the boys out after his 17th birthday. She had an entire year and a half to know the boys somewhat. Until Darryl was killed. Then the boys hung around more, offering to help her around the property. That, and scope out the widow. Her thoughts on them after Darryl was merely her son's friends. She did like their attentiveness toward her from a distance though. Shamelessly!
"ERIC! HUSH! FUCK ME."
"Yes, ma'am."
Feeling he was right about her; he increased his rhythm sparking yelps of all new sensations crossing her G-spot. Passion leaped into the fray, Margo drawing him down in order to kiss him on the lips. Once he felt those succulent lips, he fed on her like he hadn't had food in months. Hands roamed everywhere. Both of them moaning fed off the others newfound emotions. Palming his scalp Margo whimpered at his destructive cock. Lips parting to catch their breath, Eric stormed her throat, her moans echoing at his intensity.
"Ohhhhhhh! Love me, Eric Crowe." She sighed. Hearing her, he agreed wholeheartedly. Loving a beauty like Margo Needy was really easy to do. Perfect body, always smelling delicious, easy to please, smiles that melted the soul.
"Fuck yes! I love you, Mrs. Needy."
"Cum inside me Eric. Always cum inside me. Never fail me. Please."
"On my way." He feels her warm juices flooding around his cock with each downward stampede. His balls felt every drop encompassing them as if waves upon a beach wrapping around a rock. Her body began quaking as her hands clutch at his shoulders now, nails digging trenches without drawing blood. Margo Needy was on the verge of orgasm. Eric Crowe? "Meet me there."
Springs wailing to a symphony of emotional destruction Eric and Margo both unite in an escalated series of groans. Her anthem more moans of pure ecstasy. Moments of clinging sweaty flesh, monster melons digging into his chest, seven inches of hardcore cock drilling deep and finding bottom, the lovers enjoyed a devastating encounter of supply and demand. His shots within struck every nerve in her body like lightning bolts from the heavens. Her sea of cum splashing outward over his thighs gush after gush after gush. Tensing tightly, they held each other for emotional support. For five minutes they caressed one another lovingly until their brains could function once more.
"Eric?" She whispers into his ear.
"Yeah?"
"Do that to me every day."
"Wow! I... can do that."
"Our secret for now?"
"Sure! The guys will be blown away if they ever found out you wanted me over them."
"We can tell them. Just not right away. Promise me?"
"I want you too bad to ever betray your trust. I need this pussy."
"It needs you." She melts toward him in a clingy embrace, "Fuck me again?"
"HELL YES!" Energy rising Eric Crowe hit the widow Needy harder than before. Those springs were singing up a storm. Ten minutes of a screaming slut and a gruff animalistic set of snarls, Eric and Margo swelter in a pool of body sweat, she looked a mess, he looked ready to go again. Without a second thought, Eric took what he wanted, a third explosive orgasm brought on by a savagery that she craved each and every time. The passion so intense between them that truth be known Eric Crowe could actually have feelings. Margo? She was trained to love all men, to offer them the passion they yearned for. Darryl had his demands and she refused to fail him. Emotions came easy for her.
"The springs are growing on me." Margo sighs holding him close.
"I'm bringing my bed over. Let's put this bed to sleep."
Giggling Margo coddled him to her chest.
"Maybe we can find other uses for it."
"Such as?"
"A new home, but still accessible."
"Meaning what?" His tongue teases her left areola giving her the shivers.
"Elsewhere. Eric?"
"Yeah?"
"Four for four?"
"Damn! You got one hell of a sexual appetite."
"Unable to keep up?" She winces.
"SCREAM BITCH!" He lifts up and starts pounding at her sloshy cunt a fourth time. Her voice though growing hoarse gave him everything he needed to hear. Three hours together they created havoc on those gnarly springs. No unpacking today. Just unloading.
"EEEEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIIICCCCCCCCCCCC!"
SQUEAK SQUEAK SQUEAK SQUEAK SQUEAK SQUEAK.
So worth it.
"Don't stop Eric."
He didn't.
Not for a second.
SQUEAK SQUEAK SQUEAK SQUEAK SQUEAK SQUEAK!
A couple thousand more of those.
She barely made it out of his room before Brian returned home from work. Clothes in hand she ran for her bedroom and closed her door. Leaning against it on the interior she touched herself further knowing Brian was right on the other side listening. Only Eric stepping from his room dressed and keys jingling kept Brian at bay.
Once Eric headed downstairs and back to Wildwood, Margo opened her door and rabidly drug Brian inside. Reeking of sex or not she fucked Brian for another hour. He tore Momma Margo up then left her breathing heavily. Door wide open as he abandoned her, she lay there hearing a shower ignite.
Minutes later Cabot Ross returned home and came upstairs. Peering in on her laying there on her bed she curled her index finger to lure him in. A ten-minute quicky until the shower in the hallway bath ceased. Cabot snuck out just in the knick of time. Margo found the strength to close her door then jumped on her bed, rolling about kicking her limbs in glee.
"Three in a row without each knowing. God, I could do this all night." She had to dial back her appetite. "One more to go. After Heath tomorrow I can consider telling them all how sneaky we've been. Please let them keep this a secret at least one more day. Maybe two."
A quick whore's bath to be presentable Margo put on her white shorts without any underwear this time. A new cropped lavender camisole to accent the loosely fitting shorts, she spritzed on a touch of perfume and stepped out to rejoin the world. Sadly, both boys were asleep in their rooms.
"My poor babies."
Sneaking into Eric's room she located his feather duster and took it downstairs with her.
Spring cleaning!
It tickled her to no end.