I am writing a love story that contains lesbian, male submission, female domination, female submission, exhibitionist, erotic and BDSM themes. If you don't like these themes, please skip this story.
This story is a work of fiction. All the characters and events portrayed in this story are fictional. Any resemblance to actual people or incidents is purely coincidental.
Characters:
Bill, 65, Retired, Widower. Diane is his deceased wife.
Alison, 62, Single, Primary Care Doctor and next-door neighbor. Has been a close friend of Bill and his family for decades.
Betty, 42, Single, Head nurse at Alison's practice.
Jenny (Eldest), Anne (Middle Child), and Randy - Bill and Diane's adult kids. They consider Alison their aunt. All are married with kids.
Samantha -- Alison's Neighbor on the other side.
=======
Bill's mind was racing. This ride was taking too long. It had been a short ride to the restaurant, no more than ten minutes, but at least that much time had already passed. Being nude with his body restrained in a hogtie in the trunk of Alison's car was pushing his submissive fantasy button. His cock was rock hard. But sensing that the ride was longer than expected raised his fears that he was getting in too deep, too fast.
The anal vibrator and penis electroshock cage on his penis were both going off randomly. One brought pleasure, the other pain. He could sense no pattern. The ball gag was causing him to drool, forming a puddle on the trunk floor under his head. He could faintly hear the novel that Alison was listening to, but he could tell it was a FemDom story.
He sensed that the car was making many more turns than he had remembered. Then it accelerated to freeway speeds. His anxiety level went up more. Where is she taking me? We had agreed that we were going to her house, which meant Alison would dominate him. He would have no control over what she would do, but maybe he shouldn't have asked for that. This was not going as expected. They should have been back to her house already.
He didn't notice the red lights in two corners of the trunk.
Alison watched Bill's panic slowly increase on the video screen that showed the two video feeds. She wanted to time her arrival back home so that Bill would be unnerved and more pliable for the games she had planned for tonight. She figured it was about time to get home.
Bill had started counting and he'd gotten to 600. Where was Alison going? He sensed the car got on and off the freeway a few times. His ass and penis continued to be assaulted by toys Alison had used on him. He discovered that he was enjoying the helpless sensation. He had agreed to be Alison's toy tonight and was happy with the results.
The car did a series of turns and then he felt the bump of turning into a driveway.
When the car finally stopped, and the engine was turned off, Bill was all ears. Where the hell had they ended up? He heard the car door open. He next heard the sound of Alison's heels clicking as she walked to the trunk. When she opened the trunk, he noticed they were in her garage. He let out a breath of relief.
Alison reached in, stroked his bound body for a few minutes, and removed the ball gag. "So, how did the extended ride feel? Did you worry I would end up somewhere else?"
Bill responded, "Oh wow, that really messed with my head. I was starting to get worried, but I was wrong. I should have trusted that you'd keep your word. Oops, I forgot to say, ``Goddess."
Alison laughed, "Bill, you'll get used to addressing me properly. I am pleased that you learned what you were supposed to learn from the ride then. We agreed that we were headed to my house, which is what we did. Just not how you thought we would. You won't always understand the path I am taking you on, but you will have to trust that I will also keep my word with what we do. Remember this lesson as I push you in new directions tonight and in the future. Was there anything you disliked?"
"Well, Goddess, I don't like this puddle of drool my head is in."
Alison grabbed a towel from the bench behind and started cleaning Bill's face. "Let me clean you up."
Bill continued, "Plus, Goddess, this is not a very comfortable position."
"Bill, a hogtie isn't supposed to be comfortable. It's a statement that I control you."
Goddess, you have that without these constraints."
"Good boy. You are impressing me. Now, don't move until I tell you to."
She took off the shock penis cage and the anal vibrator. She undid the shackles on his hands and feet. She rubbed his arms and legs for a few minutes.
"Are you ready for the next part?"
"Yes, Goddess."
"I have a toy to make getting out of the trunk and into the house more fun and interesting." She giggled and continued, "Well, it will be fun and interesting for me. It may not be as fun for you, but it will be unique. "
"Bill, you are to flip to your other side, so your butt is facing me... Yes, just like that. Now, I need you to draw your knees up to your chest so I can install this surprise... Perfect, that's what I need... Now hold still..."
From his backside, she reached between his legs and grabbed his balls. She pulled them to his backside.
"This is a little tricky, but I think you'll find the experience unique. Let me slip your balls into the space provided here... I think I have it... Yes... Now I need to tighten these wing nuts... Let me know when you feel the pressure."
"Goddess, I feel the pressure."
"Oh, Bill, they aren't even tight yet. You can do this. I know you can be strong for me. Okay?"
Bill replied in a shaky voice, "Okay, Goddess."
"A few more twists on these nuts and think that will do it... Good. Let me tug on it."
"OH FUCK!"
Alison giggled, "Perfect. Now Bill, as long as you don't try to move your legs back, the humbler won't hurt that much."
"But Goddess, how will I walk into the house?"
"Oh silly, you don't walk. You crawl... carefully... slowly...painfully. It will be fun for me, which is all that matters."
Bill could tell immediately that he would need to keep bent at the waist. Trying to straighten his legs out would be painful.
Alison instructed, "You have 5 minutes to get out of the trunk and be in my living room sitting on your knees, with your knees spread as far apart as possible. Your hands will be palm up on your knees. You will look at the floor until told otherwise. Do you understand?"
"Yes, Goddess Alison."
Alison got out her phone and started a video. "It will be fun to watch a video of this later."
Bill noticed the phone and muttered, "Oh great."
"I heard that. You will be punished more if you have a bad attitude and if you continue not to address me with respect."
"Yes, Goddess."
Bill figured out that he could crawl without too much pain. He stuck his head out of the trunk and saw that the garage door was closed. That was a relief. He sure didn't want any neighbors to see him like this.
He looked down at the garage floor and saw a pile of rags had been dumped behind the car. It took him a while, but he managed to get his body out of the trunk and fell onto the rags with some pain from the humbler. He could not have done this if his hands hadn't been freed.
Alison's reaction was to giggle as he fell on the pile of rags. "Aren't you going to thank me for providing you with a pile of rags to land on?"
"Thank you, Goddess, your kindness is overwhelming me."
"Careful; Sarcasm will also be punished."
"Sorry, Goddess."
Crawling into the house and to the living room was slow due to the pressure the humbler put on his balls. Alison gave him a string of encouraging comments the whole way.
Once he reached the living room, he quickly assumed the position Alison required of him. He was bent way forward to avoid putting more pressure on his balls from the Humbler.
She walked over, put her hand on Bill's chin, and lifted his head to look at her. "You took longer than 5 minutes, so you will be punished. However, this was your first time in a humbler, and you did assume the proper position to take when you got to the living room, so you will be rewarded for that. Now I need to add your collar. This is just the regular collar I use, but I will order one special, just for you. You are very special to me and I love you dearly. The collar represents your commitment to me and my commitment to you."
She strapped a one-inch wide black leather collar around his neck. The collar had three rings on it. She said, "With this collar, I commit to take care of you. I promise to respect your boundaries and help you expand them. I promise to always respond to your safe words. I promise that no permanent harm comes to you from my use of you. I promise to reward the pain with pleasure. I promise to keep the kinky part of our relationship private and only share with others that we both agree to. Now repeat your vow to me. I, Slave Bill."
"I, slave Bill."
"Promise to do all that Goddess Alison asks me to do."
"Promise to do all that Goddess Alison asks me to do."
"That my only priority is her pleasure."
"That my only priority is her pleasure."
"I will be honest about giving her feedback on our play and use my safe words only when needed."
"I will be honest about giving her feedback on our play and use my safe words only when needed."
"That I will gladly suffer pain to give Goddess Alison the experience she seeks."
"That I will gladly suffer pain to give Goddess Alison the experience she seeks."
"I promise to keep the kinky part of our relationship private and only share with others that we both agree to."
"I promise to keep the kinky part of our relationship private and only share with others that we both agree to."
She bent down, held his head in both hands, and gave him a deep French kiss. One hand moved down and started stroking his cock."
"I am so happy that this is happening, and I can see that this is exciting you also. Now, Bill, you are to stay in this position until I get back." She kissed his forehead and left the room.
After about ten minutes, Alison walked back in. He glanced up and saw that she was wearing a black full-body leather catsuit with a zipper from the collar to between her legs. Her full silver gray hair hung loosely around her shoulders, in contrast to how she normally kept it in a ponytail to keep it out of her eyes while working. Bill admired how it reached about half way between the top of her shoulders and the top of her breasts. The black leather contrasted with her porcelain skin and gray eyes. Bill couldn't help thinking of how beautiful she was.
Alison said, "I saw that glance, slave. More will be added to your punishment... Um. I can see by your cock's reaction that you like that idea. I think you are a perfect submissive male."
"Goddess, I'm sorry, but you are such a beautiful woman. It is hard not to admire you. You just get better with age. Your beauty makes it easy for me to give up control. Your gray eyes just draw me in deeper. Every thing about you is wonderful. I have had this need to submit to a woman as a secret fantasy for decades. Now it is happening and with someone I have loved for a long time. I hope this isn't a case of the worst thing that can happen to a person is to get what they wish for."
"Bill, I will make sure that you have a night to remember. In a good way, not with regrets. Now let me add a leash to your collar."
After she had clipped the leash to his collar, she continued, "I know that even crawling with the Humbler on is painful. The faster you go, the worse it gets. So, we'll go slow. The pain as you move will be a consistent reminder that you are here for my pleasure, not yours."
"I want to make you happy, Goddess."
"Bill, you are a dream come true. I have fantasized about dominating you since I met you and figured out you were submissive. I knew you would take to this arrangement like a fish to water. Now enough talk from you. Quiet now."
She led them to the stairs. Alison said to Bill, "You are to go down the stairs slowly. I don't want excessive pain to wear you out too quickly. I have plans."
Bill looked at the stairs and decided that backward was the best way to go down. Each step was still a challenge to minimize the pressure on his balls from the humbler. He responded to each step down with more painful moans.
When they got down the stairs, Alison led him past the first door, which contained the examination room where Betty had run her tests on him. She opened the second door, revealing a larger room containing various pieces of BDSM furniture that Bill recognized.
Alison directed him to get up on the spanking bench. With the humbler on, getting into position was a painful process. Once in place, Alison quickly strapped him in so that his legs and arms were pointed straight down. Bill noticed that the bench could be changed to put him on his knees and elbows.
Alison rubbed his butt and said, "You did an excellent job getting down here. You should be proud of how well you did. I certainly am proud of you. Your almost perfect obedience has made me very wet. I look forward to displaying you at my club someday and eventually having you come with me to DomCom in LA next year."
Bill shuddered at the thought of being displayed at her club. Alison recognized his reaction and squatted in front of him, so they were face to face. She put one hand on the side of his face.
"Bill, I will never make you do anything you don't want to do. I appreciate that your goal is to please me when we are doing our kinky play. That makes this time even more special. I hope you'll eventually get to a level of trust with me that you'll be willing to visit my club and eventually go to DomCom and the Castro Street Fair in San Francisco. But remember, I am in love with you. The kinky you, yes, but even more the vanilla you. But before you think you've already experienced the worst for tonight, let me assure you the worst is yet to come."
Alison walked to the wall and took a riding crop off the rack.
"One of the things I like about you in a humbler on this spanking bench is that your balls are sticking out where they are easy to hit."
She proceeded to deliver a series of light taps to his balls. Bill let out a string of "ouch, shit that hurts, damn, ouch, oh fuck", punctuated with an occasional scream when Alison would tap his balls a little harder.
"Bill, aren't you forgetting to address me with respect? After every hit, you will say, 'Thank you, Goddess. May I have another?'"
Alison hit his balls again.
Bill responded, "Ouch," then a long pause followed by, "Thank you, Goddess. May I have another?"
"Since you asked so nicely, here's another." She hit his balls with the riding crop again.
"Ahhhhhhh...Thank you, Goddess. May I have another?"
They repeat this five times until Alison said, "Bill, stop being so selfish. We have other things we need to do tonight. But since you asked, here are five hard and quick ones."
Bill's response to the five hits was, "Shit, fuck, aaaah, please no, Damn, Oh God!" Alison laughed at his response.
Alison asked, "Would you like to say a color?"
"No, Mistress. I'm okay. This is all hard. But I know it pleases you, and it's part of my fantasy."
Alison declared, "You're making too much noise. Let me add this to quiet you up." She put a gag in his mouth that contained a short dildo inside his mouth but a full-size dildo sticking out. Alison rubbed lube over the dildo and then pulled up the front zipper on her catsuit to expose her pussy.
"Now, you need to position your head so that your penis gag goes easily into my pussy. If you don't do a good job... Well, I still have this riding crop."
Bill raised his head to a position he hoped would be acceptable to Alison. He felt relief when Alison pushed her pussy on the dildo and said, "Perfect fit," Then she grabbed each side of Bill's head and said, "I'll help you with your thrusts." And set the pace and depth of the thrusts.
Bill's head moved back and forth as fast and as far as he could in his restrained situation. Bill felt his cock getting harder as Alison screamed, "yes, yes, yes!" Her body shuddered with an explosive orgasm and she stopped forcing his penis gag's dildo into her.
She unstrapped the penis gag and kissed him passionately. She pulled back and placed one hand on his cheek - Bill was starting to realize that was a favorite gesture of hers. She stroked his cheek several times and said, "That was one. I need a few more before I consider your wants. I need to clean you out for your next experience."
She kissed him again, slapped Bill's trapped balls, and laughed when he let out a squawk.
"Bill, is your ass a virgin?"
"Goddess, I have never experienced it. I'm a little scared about it."
"Well, today is your lucky day. I have received training in preparing men to be pegged. One advantage of having a medical doctor as your Dominatrix is that I understand the body and its centers for pleasure and pain. "
"Goddess, this has been my lucky week because you saved me from my depression. I feel alive again."
Alison used her free hand to tug on the humbler.
Bill screamed, "Arrrrgh. Ouch, Shit."
Alison giggled and said, "Well, shortly, you'll be feeling something alive in your ass, but first, I need to prepare you." She lightly pulled on the Humbler and said, "Time to remove this thing."
Alison took off the humbler and then unstrapped him from the spanking bench. She led him over to a corner of the room that held an eight-foot by three-foot wet shower table with four-inch high sides and a foot square four-inch deep drain in the middle. Across the middle was a bar resting on the sides so that it was four inches above the table. In each corner were rings.
"Climb up on the table. Lay on your stomach so that you're bending over the bar."
Once Bill was in position with his ass in the air. Alison secured his ankles and wrists to the rings in the corners. His legs were spread wide apart.
Alison put her hand on his naked butt and massaged one cheek and the other. "Bill, I need to clean you out before I peg you. You are going to feel a tube go into your butt. I will slowly run a warm water mixture into you. There will be some discomfort as the water works its way into you. After I've got a quart of the water mixture into you, you'll need to keep it in for five minutes. Then I will pull out the tube, and you'll expel the water and the stool that has loosened up. I will repeat the process until the water comes out clean."
Bob asked, "Goddess, am I going to be lying in my shit?"
Alison responded, "Most of the water will go in that depression under you. Some will escape. That is an unfortunate side effect of getting you ready for more of my play. This table doubles as a shower table, so I will be able to clean you up most of the way. I will have you take a shower after we are done with this procedure before the pegging preparation starts. I am starting the process now."
Bill felt the tube enter his ass and then the warm water started to flow in. As more water rushed in, he began to feel uncomfortable in his intestines.
Alison said, "You will want to push out the water. You need to fight that urge, so the warm water has time to dislodge all of your stool. We're almost done with the filling part. I need you to be brave for me and do this."
Bill gritted his teeth. There were tears in his voice as he groaned out, "Goddess, I'm trying. It's hard."
Alison responded, "I know you can, love."
Finally, Alison told him. "You can let go now."
Bill sighed in relief as he emptied his bowels.
Alison repeated the process twice before declaring Bill's intestines clean. She unhooked Bill's wrists and ankles and slid the bar out that was holding up his butt. She turned on the side nozzles on the tables and washed Bill's body.
She told Bill to use the shower in the corner of the room to finish his clean-up. As she watched Bill shower, she had the urge to take off her catsuit and jump in with him. She thought, "I'd love to have us wash each other's bodies and then just make out and have sex a whole bunch of ways. But I need to feed my dominatrix side a little more before we go vanilla."
When Bill had finished drying off, she commanded, "Get into the first position."
She could see the wheels turning in Bill's head, figuring out what the first position was. Bill smiled slightly, got down on his knees, and placed his palms facing up, resting on his knees.
Alison commented, "Outstanding. You figured that the first position had to be the only position I have told you about so far. There will be more positions to learn. Now, follow me."
Bill was led to another piece of furniture similar to the spanking bench with its legs spread out at a 45-degree angle. He was told to lay face down on it and then Alison strapped him in tightly.
Alison put on some latex gloves and adjusted his legs even further apart.
Bill felt lube being squeezed into his ass and soon Alison was working a finger into him.
Alison said, "Relax. This will hurt a little, but that will quickly pass."
Bill moaned as Alison's finger pressed up against his prostate.
"That's good. You're doing great, big guy. I think you will like it. The secret of opening up your anus so it can accept a normal-sized dildo is to go slowly and get the muscles to relax and stretch. I can feel that my finger is getting less resistant. I am going to add a second finger."
Bill had a moment of pain as the second finger worked its way in, then relief as the second finger joined the first in its prostate massage.
Alison laughed, redoubled her efforts on the prostate massage, and said, "I think that you prefer pleasure, but I have this need to mix in a little pain as part of my play. I think you're ready for a small dildo."
Alison withdrew her fingers. Soon Bill felt a small diameter object being inserted. There was pain when it first went in, but that went away. However, this wasn't as nice as with the fingers, as the prostate wasn't getting as much attention.
Alison observed the reduced response from Bill. "The small dildo doesn't move your prostate as much as I could with my fingers. But don't worry, a bigger dildo will give you the sensation you're wanting."
Alison moved the dildo in and out for a few minutes and then moved to a medium-sized dildo. It brought back most of the stimulation that was missing from the small dildo. Alison massaged his butt and lightly rubbed his balls and his cock.
"Your hole is opening nicely. But I think that is all it's going to do today. It will take a few more sessions for it to accept a larger dildo. But don't worry, I have a medium-sized dildo as part of one of the feeldoes I own."
She took a feeldoe out of a drawer and stood in front of Bill, "This is what I was talking about earlier. See how the Feeldoe is like a two-sided dildo but is shaped in a V. One side is designed to go in my vagina to stimulate my g-spot. Let me demonstrate. "
She worked the female side of the feeldoe through the opening in her catsuit into her pussy. "See how the other end sticks up like your cock when you are aroused? "
"Goddess, it does look like you have a cock."
She unstrapped him from the spanking bench, "I'm going to move you to another piece of equipment so I can watch your face while I peg you."
Alison brought Bill over to a hammock swing sex chair.
"Sit on the end of the chair so that your butt is only half on it... That's good. Now lean back until your weight is completely on the chair. Grab the upper rope behind your head.... Excellent. Now I'm going to secure your legs to each side so that your butt is fully available to me... That's one... That's the other. Now I am putting a strap around your waist to stabilize you in the swing chair... And finally, let's ensure those hands stay where they are supposed to... here's the cuff for the first hand... and that cuff will secure the other hand. Try to move."
Bill wiggled his body, but he was well secure. His cock was hard again from the confinement. "Goddess, I don't think I am going anywhere."
Alison lightly stroked his cock, "That's the general idea. One nice thing about this hammock sex chair is that your head is supported so you can see what I will be doing to you, but you won't be able to do a thing about it." She giggled.
Bill watched as Alison rolled over a tray with clothespins, metal rings, vibrators, and other things Bill didn't recognize, but he had a feeling that he would soon.
Alison squirted more lube into his anus. She placed his end of the feeldoe against his anus and started to apply light pressure to the hole. "I like this position because my hands are free to play with your cock and balls. Also, I can see your face as you experience the good and the bad of your current position."
She pushed a little harder and the tip of the feeldoe entered his anus. Bill let out a yelp but otherwise remained silent.
Alison picked up a clothespin, "Let's start with these."
She started thrusting in the feeldoe while adding clothespins to Bill's ball sack. Bill screamed in pain.
"Perfect response, my slave. My juices are starting to flow. Try breathing in through your nose slowly and then exhaling slowly through your mouth. It will help you handle the pain. At least that's what women are told when they are in labor." She let out a wicked laughed
Bill found that after the initial pain of having the clothespins added passed, that with the breathing. It wasn't that bad. Then Alison added some clothespins to his penis. He let out a string of "ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch," followed by heavy panting breathing to get his pain under control.
Alison kept up a steady series of thrusts into him. She picked up a vibrator and played it along his penis and balls.
She started removing the clothespins, "Removing these is going to hurt as the blood rushes back in. Sorry about that...not."
Bill released a long moan of pain as blood rushed back into the clipped area. Alison giggled and increased the speed of her thrusts. She put her hands on his penis and began to stroke him.
She started to let out low moans as she felt the oncoming rush of a climax. Her pace picked up, and then her body vibrated from the power of her orgasm. When the sensations passed, she collapsed on top of Bill, with her head next to his. She didn't move for five minutes.
Bill whispered in her ear. "I love you, Alison."
She put her elbows on his chest and looked into his eyes. "I think I have made a big mistake."
A look of worry crossed Bill's eyes. "Oh, it's not a bad thing, Bill. I think I made a mistake when we agreed that my house would be for our dominatrix play, but I want to be able to just be lovers here also. You've satisfied my dominatrix need. Now I want you to peel this catsuit off me, take a shower with me and then make out in my bed. I just want to be loved by you and for you to love me. Is it okay that we do vanilla things here also?"
"Alison, I love you. I just want to make you happy. If that's what you want, then that is what we will do. Only one problem."
Alison responded, " And what is that, sweetheart?"
"I don't think I'll be able to peel off your catsuit tied up in this sex hammock."
They laughed together as Alison quickly released his bonds."
Alison helped him out of the hammock and they fell into an embrace. Their mouths met, and a long passionate kiss was shared.
Bill said, "Let's get you into your birthday suit. I am going to remove that feeldoe first."
He worked the feeldoe out, being sure to maximize the stimulation as he did. He noticed that the zipper she opened over her vagina was part of a long zipper on the front that could be opened from either side. He zipped the lower end closed and then slowly pulled it down from the top.
"Your skin sure gets sweaty under that leather. I think you need a shower more than I do."
"Bill, I'm counting on you to ensure every inch of me is cleaned. I promise to make sure every inch of your body is also clean. It might take a while."
"I know it's going to take a while to accomplish that. But I know I am up for the challenge. It's a hard job, but somebody has to do it." They both laughed.
Bill pulled apart the seam so that her breasts were exposed. He put his hands on Alison's breasts and then moved them up to push the catsuit off her shoulders. The move trapped her arms in the catsuit.
Alison giggled and said, "Now look who's restraining whom."
Bill embarrassingly said, "Oh, that was not my intention, Goddess,"
"Bill, it's now Alison. I am no longer your goddess or mistress tonight. I expect you to take advantage of my helplessness and shower me with kisses."
He kissed her breasts and worked his way up to her neck. He put one hand behind her back and the other behind her head. She moved her head so that their lips touched. Alison moved closer and plunged her tongue into Bill's mouth. He responded in kind. For the next minute, their lips were locked in a passionate kiss.
Bill pulled back from the kiss and freed Alison's arms from the sleeves of the catsuit. His lips moved to her stomach, and he kissed it.
He started a process of peeling the catsuit down a few inches and then welcoming the freed skin with more kisses. Alison rubbed her hands in his hair as he moved downward.
When he got the catsuit below her pussy he gave extra attention to her clit and soon brought her to a third orgasm of the night.
Alison said, "That was the best one so far. You are a magnificent lover. I am one happy girl."
Bill pulled the rest of the catsuit off. He scooped her up in his arms and carried her to the bottom of the stairs.
"I can attempt to carry up these two sets of stairs, but the likely result is one or both of us will end up in the hospital. So, Alison, I will put you down to climb the stairs, but at the top of the stairs, I will pick you up and carry you into your shower."
Alison gave him a quick peck on his cheek. "Then let's hurry up the stairs, so you can pick me up again and carry me across the threshold of my bedroom."
They ran up the stairs. At the top, Bill picked up Alison again. He bent his head down, and they kissed again.
Bill already knew she had a large six foot by six foot shower with multiple shower heads. The shower was perfect for a long, drawn-out affair. Each tried to outdo the other in how sensual the washing of their partner's body could be. It was not long before they were in Alison's bed, their bodies entangled with each other, drowning in kisses.
Alison paused their activities and said, "I hate to rush things, but I've wanted to feel youcock in me for decades. The only question in my mind is which position do you like best? "
"Whatever position you like best."
"Nope, that is not going to work. I know you have a favorite position. What is it? I have ways of making you talk."
"Okay, okay. Alison. I have not tried many positions, but of the ones I have tried, my favorite position is cowgirl for three reasons. One, it enables deep penetration resulting in more sensation. Second, I get to look up at your boobs bouncing as you rock. Lastly, I get to look into your eyes as we make love."
Alison responded, "Well, you had me at one. That is a good enough reason for me. But the rest are pretty good reasons too. We will have to expand your repertoire of positions, but that will be for another night."
She pushed him over onto his back and laid on top of him.
Bill commented, "I like the feel of our bodies pressed together. Your skin pressing against mine. The warmth of your body mixing with the warmth of mine."
Alison replied, "I also like the feel of your hardon pressed against my stomach, but I'd like to feel it somewhere else."
She raised herself on her arms and then drew her legs in so that her pussy was positioned over his cock. She slowly lowered her body until she was impaled on Bill's rock-hard rod. "That is the stiffest cock I have ever felt. You are impressive."
They began a slow rocking motion together. Bill enjoyed the view of how Alison's breasts swayed with the movement. Alison enjoyed Bill enjoying the view.
As the sensations increased, their moans of pleasure grew, and the speed of their thrusting increased further. Like an out-of-control feedback loop, each increased the strength of the other. Soon they felt the beginnings of their climaxes. Beads of sweat broke out on their bodies. They thrust harder a few more times, and then they both exploded into fireworks of emotion as waves of pleasure cascaded through their bodies.
When the fire had passed, Alison leaned forward and rested her breasts on Bill's chest. After a few minutes, Bill's cock slid out of her pussy. When their breathing returned to normal, Alison slid off Bill and embraced him from the side. Soon they were both asleep.
As Bill slowly woke up from a good night's sleep, he enjoyed the sensation of Alison's left arm across his chest and her naked left thigh across his groin. His morning wood was pressing against her thigh.
She stirred and moved her thigh down his leg. She brought her left hand down to his cock and began stroking it. She brought her mouth to his nipple and started sucking on it.
Bill brought his right hand over to stroke her body.
Alison said, "Shhh, stay still and accept what I do."
Bill brought his hand back to his side.
Alison kissed him. "Put your arms along your sides."
Bill put his arms to his sides. Alison climbed onto Bill and lowered her pussy onto his clock, pinning his arms under her thighs.
She slowly rocked her body. Bill started to match her movements. Alison said, "Honey, remember I told you to stay still. Let me do this for you."
Bill stopped moving his pelvis and lay still.
Alison grabbed Bill's nipples with both hands and twisted them. Bill screamed.
"Was that too much, Honey?"
"I'm okay. It just surprised me."
Alison twisted his nipples again. Bill moaned.
As Alison's pelvis continued its massage of his cock. Bill felt his fires building.
Alison commanded, "Now, start thrusting."
Bill joined, matching his thrusts to her movements. His arms were still pinned under her thigh, but it didn't affect how much he could move his pelvis. He was enjoying the view. Alison had a smile on her face, and her breast danced in time with their thrusts. Alison still had her fingers on his nipple, lightly massaging them. Occasionally she would squeeze his nipples tightly and twist them. Bill would let out an "agh." Alison's smile would get large, and Bill would feel pleased that he was making Alison happy.
Their moans became louder and the speed of their thrusts grew faster. Alison twisted his nipples again, and a climax began to wash over him as he proclaimed, "Oh my god! Oh my god!"
Alison's climax joined him and she screamed, "Yes! Yes! Yes!" And twisted and pulled on his nipples harder, which increased the intensity of their mutual orgasms."
Like all good things, their spasm of passion diminished. Alison released her hold on his nipples and put her hands on his stomach as she caught her breath. She leaned her body forward, stretching her legs out behind her, and brought her mouth down to his in a sensual kiss. Bill brought his newly freed arms up and wrapped them around her back.
When the kiss concluded, Alison lifted her head to look at Bill. His dick was still inside her but was softening. With a huge smile, she said, "That was amazing. I wish we could do that all day, but I have rounds and patients to see this afternoon."
"Alison, I love the happiness in your eyes. The joy in your smile. Your body pressed
against mine. I never want to leave your bed."
Bill's softened cock finally flopped out of her pussy.
She put one hand on the side of his face, "Let's take a shower, and then I will make us breakfast."
Bill had no objections to showering with her again. She rolled her body off his and, after another brief kiss and hug, made their way to her shower.
Alison's shower had multiple shower heads on the wall and a rainfall head in the middle. She turned them all on. She enjoyed having the water hit her nude body from multiple directions. The addition of Bill's hands soaping her body while she soaped him was delightful. She decided against another round of sex in the shower as she needed to get to the office.
They dried each other off with huge fluffy towels.
"Bill, I have nowhere to sit while I dry my hair. Bill noticed a stool near her makeup desk, but he got the message and assumed the same position when she had put her makeup on the previous evening.
She carefully positioned her pussy over his mouth and said, "Bill, just lightly; I don't have time for another orgasm."
She picked up her hair drier and started drying her hair. Bill showered her pussy with kisses, sucks, and licks.
"Bill, you do make a wonderful makeup chair. I think I'll keep you around."
Bill's cock started to spring back.
Alison finished her hair and did some simple makeup for her rounds. She got up but told Bill to stay put. She put on lacy panties and a bra. She put on her medical scrubs and socks with flat shoes.
"Come on, Bill, let me make you breakfast."
"Do I get a robe?"
"And cover up your magnificent cock? Why would you do that and rob me of the best sight in my house?"
Bill sighed and followed her to the kitchen. Alison pulled a chair out from the table.
"Bill, Sit here, so the table doesn't block my view. If I had more time, I'd tie you to that chair and spoon-feed you your breakfast."
Bill's cock sprang back to full mask. "I'll have to take a rain check on that."
Alison cooked scrambled eggs and bacon. And served up coffee.
"You can come to the table now."
He pulled his chair to the left of hers. As they ate, Alison's left hand massaged his cock and balls. He was getting harder.
Between mouthfuls, she said, "I cannot believe that this cock is now mine. I've wanted it for decades."
"Well, Alison, as I said last night, I hope the adage doesn't come true, that the worst thing that can happen to you is to get what you want."
"Bill, there is not a ghost of a chance of that happening." She leaned over and kissed him.
Just then, her cell phone rang. She went to the counter and said, "I've had texts from each of you kids. It's Beth. I'd better answer it.
"Good morning, Beth. What can I do for you?"
Bill realized that he was supposed to have called her at 8 am, but it had slipped his mind. And now it was a little after 11 am. His kids would be panicking given his recent depression."
"I know exactly where your Dad is. He is sitting at my breakfast table finishing the meal I made for him."
"He hasn't answered texts or phone calls all morning? He must have misplaced his phone."
"Yes, you can ask. The date was wonderful. He is a remarkable man, but he will need to be the one to tell you more than that."
"Ok, sweetly. I love you too, bye."
"Looks like your kids have been trying to reach you for hours. I bet your phone is with your clothes in the back seat of my car."
They cleaned up the breakfast dishes and then went to the garage. Sure enough, his phone was in his suit pocket. Alison placed his wallet, keys, phone, and the other contents of his clothes in a large ziplock.
"Here's your things. I am keeping your clothes."
"Are you going to have them stuffed and mounted as trophies?"
She laughed. "No, Silly, I will drop them off at my cleaners. You haven't been taking good care of your things or yourself lately, but that is going to change."
"You've given me a reason to care for myself again."
She came in for a hug. He embraced her. Her left arm was around his back. Her right hand
moved to massage his cock and balls.
"I don't think I will ever tire of playing with these."
"I should hope you don't. Do you have time for a quickie?"
She looked at her watch and then squeezed his balls hard to the point he let out a squeal. "No, but that should help you remember me."
"You should have no worries about that. Squeezing my balls was not needed to enhance my memory."
"That's nice to hear, but squeezing your balls was fun for me."
"Alison, when you get home tonight, come over to my place, and I will make you dinner."
"I will be there at 7 pm. Take your time leaving here. I want you to relax in my house as you think about what you have experienced. But right now, you need to hurry back into the house. You don't want to be in the garage fully naked when the door is opened."
She pushed the garage door button on the wall. Bill started to go. She grabbed his arm and
brought him in for a kiss. When the bottom of the gargle door had reached two feet, she released him and swatted his butt. He hurried into her house as the garage door opened all the way. He closed the entrance to the garage all but a crack and looked out Alison's garage door to see if he had been spotted.
Her other neighbor, Samantha, was walking by. She smiled as she was sure she had just seen the naked bottom part of Bill exiting the garage. She thought, 'I need to find out more about this side of Alison.'
"Good Morning Alison, I loved the book you let me borrow. Do you have any more like it?" Alison had loaned her a copy of "50 shades of gray."
"I do, Samantha. I will bring it over later. What did you like best about it?"
Samantha approached Alison and, in a low voice, said, "I hope you don't think less of me, but I kept imagining myself in Ana's role. Is that weird?"
"No, not at all. What did you dislike about the book?"
Samantha looked at the ground and whispered, "Sometimes, I wished that Christian was a Christina, a woman, but other times, I was glad Christian was a guy. What about you? What did you like and dislike in the book?" Samantha glanced up at Alison and then quickly looked down.
"I saw myself in the Christian role. I would have liked it more if the book was about two women. But I'd also have liked the roles reserved, and Ana be the dominant one."
Samantha's eyes went wide, "You did? I think I want to be dominated. We should talk more."
Alison responded, "I can tell we need to schedule a lunch together. However, I'm late for my round, or I'd fetch the books right now. I'll drop them off when I get home from work."
"I look forward to reading them and having lunch with you to discuss them. I want to explore this whole topic further. I have a good feeling you can help me."
"I'm always glad to help a neighbor and good friend. Bye, talk to you later."
"Bye."
Alison got in her car and took off for her office.
Bill had heard the conversation with Samantha. He noticed that his cock got hard as Samantha declared that she wanted to be dominated. Samantha had also been good friends with Diane and him. Her husband had died in an industrial accident almost ten years ago, and the insurance payment had ensured she had no financial worries. Her two kids had been babysat by his three kids many times. It was hard to believe that they were both in college.
Bill got himself a glass of water and then sat in Alison's living room and thought about the events of the last 24 hours. His life had surely changed for the better. Some of the things Alison had done had been hard to get through, but he would change nothing. He looked forward to more kinky adventures with Alison.
He finished the glass of water and spent a few minutes cleaning up Alison's kitchen. He went out Alison's back door and through the gate to his place. This was the second time he'd made this walk completely nude. Last evening it had already been dark. Today it was broad daylight. Fortunately, only Samantha's 2-floor windows saw into these yards, and he knew Samantha was on the street.
However, in the time he took to reflect and get a drink, Samantha had gone into her house and was changing in her bedroom. She had just removed her jogging outfit when she saw Bill leaving Alison's house stark naked for the second time. She admired his nude form, put a hand to her clit, and started rubbing it. She enjoyed watching his hard cock bounce as he walked through Alison's yard to his own and into his house. In 24 hours, she had seen Bill walk through the yard naked twice and then the whole scene on Alison's table, where Alison and another woman had both been nude as they removed Bill's hair. And then they left him naked, tied to the table for over an hour as the sun slowly went down.
Samantha grabbed her vibrator, lay on her bed, and brought herself to a nice orgasm, fantasizing about Bill in some of the scenes from the book. She now realized that this whole world of domination and submission was not just fiction but happened in real life. Her next conversation with Alison was going to be interesting.
Bill had no clue that he had provided his neighbor, Samantha, with her next week of sexual fantasies. He got dressed and then called his daughter Betsy.
"Hello, Betsy. How are things?"
Betsy said, "Dad, you had us all worried."
"I am sorry I worried you."
"So Dad, how was the date with Alison? I'm assuming good, as you had breakfast together. Did you spend the night with her? Did you have sex?"
"Whoa, slow down there. One question at a time. The date was wonderful, and I had breakfast with her because we slept together last night."
"Finally! We've been hoping you two would get together ever since mom died."
"Well, it took me longer to be ready. Alison broke me out of my funk, and when my head cleared, I realized what I felt about her."
"Tell me everything about the date."
He gave her a nonkinky version of the evening. He did fess up to having sex with Alison when Betsy pressed him hard. He thought, "if she only knew the truth."
During a break in her rounds, Alison gave Betty a full recounting of the evening and morning.
"Wow, Alison, that went better than you dreamed. When do I get my shot at him?"
"Betty, I did promise you and I always keep my promises. I don't think tonight, but before the end of the weekend, you'll get a chance to put him through his paces."
"I hope you make me go through the paces with him. I love it when you dominate me. You're the perfect Dominatrix. I worry that Bill will diminish your desire and need for my submission."
Alison put one hand on the side of Betty's face and with the other stroked Betty's long black hair. "You are important to me. I promise I will always be your Domme. I will never be able to resist doming my favorite mediterranean beauty. I love kissing your full lips. I'm actually a little jealous of how full your lips are. They look so good around a ball gag."
"Thank you Mistress. I look forward to many more years serving you. I should let you know that I am jealous of your little pixie nose. I don't like my big Roman nose."
"It's a beautiful nose. Betty."
They kissed and got back to work.
Later during her rounds, she got a text from Samantha, "After I said goodbye to you, I saw Bill leaving your house completely nude. I guess I was not supposed to see that, but it made me want the next books you promised even sooner and for us to talk. I'm hoping you may be the gateway into a world I thought was just a fantasy. I am dying to know more, but you don't have to share anything if you don't want to."
Alison replied, "LOL. You weren't supposed to see that, but you did. Please don't tell Bill. I will give you the full story later. I may be able to help you enter this world, but I will need to know more."
Samantha answers," Mums the word. Your secret is safe with me. Let me know what you need from me to determine your ability to help me. TTYL."
After Bill had gone shopping for the dinner ingredients, he texted Alison. "I am planning a romantic Italian dinner at my place. I will be wearing a suit and tie. You can come any way you want; just let me know when you will be arriving as I need to time some of the dinner items."
She replied, "I will let you know when I leave the clinic. I will be at your front door one hour later."
She finished her rounds and the associated paperwork at 6 pm. She texted Bill, "See you at 7 pm, Lover Boy."
When she got home, still dressed in her medical scrubs, she grabbed the books she had promised Samantha and went to Samantha's house. She knocked on the door and Samantha answered wearing only a white sheer teddy. Her dark brown hair flowed down her back to her waist.
"Samantha, isn't It a little early for bed? I do have to say; I do like the display. That white teddy pops in contrast to your brown Latina skin."
Samantha blushed, "Please come in. You caught me daydreaming about being submissive. I hope you don't find that offensive."
Alison put the books she had brought on Samantha's entry table.
Samantha cast her large, dark brown eyes to the floor, before looking at Alison and asked, "Alison do you have a few minutes?"
"I'm going to Bill's for dinner tonight and need to get ready, but I can spare a few minutes."
"Alison, I saw you and your friend playing with Bill. I loved how you dominated him, but I will never share that with anyone. Anyway, I was wondering, do you ever dominate women?"
"Yes, I am bisexual. Is that something you want?"
"Yes, I'd like to be dominated by you or some man. I don't care which."
"You have a choice, you can follow me to my house now, or we can forget we ever had this conversation."
"I will follow you over. Should I add a robe? This teddy covers nothing."
"You will walk over like you are now. You will address me as Mistress when we enter my house."
"What if someone sees me?"
"I'll check that the coast is clear before we go out."
Samantha was a little nervous as she walked to Alison's house wearing a sheer teddy that was more of a suggestion of being covered than actually covering anything. But wow, she found it incredibly arousing.
Alison enjoyed how Samantha's breast bounced under the sheer teddy as they hurried over to her house.
When they entered Alison's house, she said, "Strip. Quickly."
Samantha removed the teddy. Alison walked around her and inspected her nude body. She drew her fingers over Samantha's body. Alison brought her hand down to Samantha's vagina. "I can see you are getting very aroused. You will be fun to play with."
Alison grabbed a collar from a drawer and put it on Samantha. She then attached a leash.
"You can help me dress. I'm planning to seduce Bill again tonight. Help me pick out my outfit. Follow me upstairs."
Alison grabbed the leash and led Samantha up stairs.
In her bedroom, Alison removed her medical scrubs, removed Samantha's collar, and pulled Samantha into the shower. She had Samantha wash her body.
When they got out, Alison said, "Unfortunately, that's all I can do with you now. But we will schedule some extended time together soon. Okay?"
"Yes, Mistress. I would like that."
"Now be a good girlfriend and help me get ready.
Together they picked out a formal black dress with buttons up the front. They spend a few minutes creating a surprise underneath. They picked her 4" strappy heels. Alison stood in front of her full-length mirror.
Samantha commented, "Mistress, I am sure Bill will approve because I sure do."
Alison put her hands on Samantha's breasts and squeezed them. "I want you to read the book of short stories entitled '20 Lesbian Explicit Taboo Short Stories'. It's one of the books I left at your house. You are not to put any clothes on until you have finished the first three stories. I want your hand playing your clit as you read them. You are to text me how they made you feel. You can cum as often as you want while reading them. Now follow me downstairs."
Alison led the naked Samantha downstairs. She embraced the nude woman, and their mouths joined in a long sensuous kiss.
When their lips parted, Alison instructed, "You need to go to your house. However, I'm keeping this." She picked up the teddy off the floor.
Samantha breathed deeply, "Mistress, You want me to walk over nude?"
"Yes, you need to prove your submission to me."
"Yes, Mistress."
"So, what are you waiting for?"
Samantha opened Alison's front door and looked both ways. She had never been more glad that they lived on a quiet street. She felt Alison's hand on her butt as Alison pushed her outside.
Alison enjoyed watching Samantha rushing back to her house. She quietly said, "I am liking this neighborhood more and more."
She went back in, fixed her makeup, and then walked over to Bill's house.
Bill greeted her with a hug and a kiss. He had an Aperol Spritz ready for them both. They sipped their drinks and enjoyed a plate of prosciutto and Italian cheeses. The first course for dinner was a mixed salad, followed by a small thin-crusted chicken and cheese pizza, served with a glass of Chianti. The third course was beef ravioli paired with a glass of red wine.
For dessert, he had made tiramisu. When he put it on the table, she placed a blue pill at his place. He quickly took it.
Throughout dinner, they had a lively conversation about Bill's kids and her plans to soon
retire.
Then she decided to share about her encounter with Samantha. "Bill, were you aware that Samantha saw you on the table last night?
"Oh no!"
"It's not a problem. As it turns out, she is a submissive and just wanted to see if I swung both ways. Since I do, she is quite happy." She explained her text and in-person interactions with Samantha."
Bill relaxed as she told the whole story. "Alison, where does that leave her and me?"
Alison smiled, "It doesn't affect us at all. You are the one I love. However, it would be fun to include you in some of the scenes I have planned for Samantha."
Bill thought for a minute, "Well, that could be fun."
Alison replied, "Oh, it will be fun."
As they finished their dessert, Alison asked, "Bill, I have to admit that I was trying to make you fall for me. I fell for you decades ago but did not do anything about it as I loved you and Diane too much. I hope I am not pushing you too fast."
"Alison, I think you pushed me just right. I am enjoying everything about this."
"What do you like the most?"
Bill paused for a few seconds, then smiled and said, "Seeing you naked while riding me cowgirl."
"Oh? So you just like me for my body?" Alison laughed.
"That and so much more. You're smart. You're beautiful. You're fun to be with no matter what we are doing. You love my kids as your own. You push all the right buttons for me. Oh, did I say I love your naked body?"
Alison began to unbutton her dress. "Well, then you should get more viewing time of my body."
She finished unbuttoning her dress and pushed it off her shoulders, revealing a black shelf bra. She stood up from her chair, causing her dress to entirely fall away, revealing her black garter belt, crouch-less lace pantries, and black thigh-high stockings. She sat on his lap and said, "This would be a good time to kiss me."
Bill felt their deep french kiss lasted forever. He felt his cock push up through his pants against her bottom. When the kiss ended, He brought a hand up and played with her breasts. The shelf bra displayed them wonderfully.
Alison wiggled her butt toward his knees and unzipped his fly. She put her hand through and pulled out his cock. "I love your little friend. I want him to visit right now."
Bill moved to start taking off his coat, but Alison said."Leave your suit on. Everything I need is already available. Carry me to your bed."
"It's only one flight of stairs. I know I can do this. If it was two flights of stairs, like at your place, I wouldn't risk it."
"Well, don't push yourself too much Bill. I can walk up if necessary."
Bill said, "I want to do this." and scooped her up in his arms. She leaned her head on his shoulder. Carrying her up the stairs was a challenge, but he was motivated. He deposited her on his bed.
Alison lay on her back with her butt partly over the edge of the bed. She grabbed her knees, pulled her legs in a V, and said, "Honey, could you do me a favor and pound my pussy" And then she giggled.
Bill looked at the sensual sight on the bed. Alison still had her black strappy high heels on. Her sheer black stockings were nicely attached to her garter belt. Her pussy was fully exposed by her crotchless thin lace panties. The shelf bra neatly framed and supported her breasts. It was a scene that reminded him of the playboy and hustler magazines he had looked at in his teen years.
He started to undo his belt and Alison said. "Leave everything on. This is my fantasy."
"Yes, Goddess."
Alison replied, "I have decided I don't like being called Goddess Alison. It just sounds silly to me. Tonight it's just Alison. Next time I'm your dominatrix, you can call me Mistress Alison. Okay?"
"Yes, Ma'am."
She playfully slapped his arm and said, "Stop that. Just Alison. Tonight, I want to be your spicy lover."
He moved between her legs and leaned in to get his dick lined up with her vagina. He had to admit, thrusting into her while he wore a suit and she had on less than what the models wore in Victoria's Secrets ads was the sexist thing he had ever experienced.
Her thrusts matched his own. Alison's moans were interrupted by her exclamations of "Yes, Yes, Yes. Oh my god. Oh my god."
With her verbal encouragement, it did not take long for Bill's body to be swept by a climatic wave. Bill's pulsating dick was just the extra stimulation Alison needed. She yelled, "I'm coming, keep thrusting!" as her orgasm rocked her body.
Soon the strength of their mutual orgasm waves receded back into the normal sensations of their bodies.
He remained standing, with his softening dick still in her. Bill was happy.
She released her hold on her knees and her legs collapsed on either side of her. She kicked off her heels, moved fully onto the bed, and said, "This is where you remove your suit and crawl in next to me."
He removed his clothes in record time, while Alison removed her bra and panties. He got on the bed and hugged her from the side.
"Bill, I hope you don't mind that I was a little directive in my suggestions. I know my dominatrix style is supposed to only happen in my house, but I couldn't help myself."
"I don't think you were being a dominatrix. This was just sharing what you wanted for some spicy sex. You can do that whenever you like."
Alison stroked his dick until it became hard, then pushed him onto his back, and rode him cowgirl to another orgasm for her. She knew Bill enjoyed this view of her. It was too soon for Bill to cum, but he didn't mind. Feeling his dick inside her was an incredible sensation.
When the passion had waned, she lay down next to him, and they were soon both asleep.
=======
I hope you enjoy this story. Comments and suggestions are appreciated. Part 4 is still being outlined. I would appreciate suggestions on what should happen next. I only have the first few hundred words written.