My stomach welled with excitement as my Uber pulled through the downtown core. I wasn't sure exactly where I was going. Manny had called it for me, and all he gave me was the suite number of the building.
Suite 3200,his text read.
So I knew it was a tall building, I suppose. But 3200 seemed like an odd suite number for a condo, unless it took up the whole floor. Maybe it was a penthouse?
My thick sweaty thumbs streaked over my phone, reviewing our text thread.
MANNY
●Gurl, I know ur disappointed about the party I promised you. I can make it up to you tonight though, u just need to clear plans and get ready to come downtown... {devil emoji}

ME


-???


- U serious? How

MANNY
●How long do u need to get ready? U should freshen up if u haven't. Folks will want to get handsy lol

ME


- Wut? Where? Who are u talking about????


- Is it a party?


- Who is there?


- I can be ready in 30

MANNY
●I thought you like surprises {winky face}
●It IS a party, I'll tell u that much.
●Just homos ;)
●Mostly, anyway... One str8 guy, I guess, but only barely.
●NVM that
●I'll give you an hour. Make sure ur nice and prepped {devil face}
●AND WEAR THE OUTFIT {santa emoji}
●Be downstairs in an hour. I'll call you an Uber.

ME


- Wait! Whose party?

MANNY
●#NoSpoilers lol
●When u get here, it's suite 3200

ME


- When I get *where*?

MANNY
●Where the uber drops u
●AND BRING SOME SUPPLIES
Manny was my roommate and a good friend. He knew I had a love for exhibitionism. He'd catch me fucking guys out on the porch, in the park near our house. Sometimes—if the guys were cool with it—I'd even ask him to take photos. A couple months ago, around Halloween, this resulted in me asking him to throw a special party: a Clothed-Male, Naked-Male (or CMNM) party.
I told him I wanted to get a bunch of guys over—people he knew and trusted, mostly. Over the course of the night I would get totally naked and party with them while they stayed clothed. I would let them fondle me... and more.
We got to planning it out and everything. He made a guest list, talked to some people, but in the end it fell through. In the end we couldn't make it happen. I was so disappointed. It fell through after some people cancelled. I didn't really want to be naked with just Manny and two other people. I wanted aparty!I wanted loud music; hot dancing in close quarters; a small crowd pawing me and begging to suck my dick and eat my ass. I wanted a group of eager guys to sandwich my nude, sweaty body while their hands and mouths explored me.
But now it was happening again. Maybe. I guess I didn't really know what Manny had planned. All I knew was he was inviting me to a party, very close to Christmas, and he told me to wear the outfit we had put together. The outfit was a loose fitting Santa costume, complete with a big fake beard and red velvety bag.
It was close to midnight by the time the Uber pulled up. Downtown was dead quiet and a cold wind swept through the street, cutting through the thin cloth of my costume. Ironically, the Santa costume was not very warm. The building was huge and had a bright lobby with 20 foot ceilings at least. As I walked up I began to realize this didn't look like a condo building at all—it was an office tower.
What the hell was going on? Since he didn't give me a street address I looked around to see if it could have been a different building. Nothing else looked like it could have 32 floors though, so this must have been it.
The concierge stopped me before I got to the elevators, asking me where I was headed and to sign in. He then made a quick call, told the person on the other end my name, and said I was free to go.
"Hey boss," he called to me as the elevator doors opened. "I'm off at midnight, if you leave the building, you'll need a fob to get back in, 'kay?"
"Thanks," I called back. "Happy holidays."
I put my bags down and rubbed my sweaty palms together as the elevator climbed. I paced around, consciously slowing my breath: in through my nose; hold; out through my nose; hold. I scratched my face under the hot, bushy beard I was wearing. I was tingling with so much excitement, I could have almost pissed myself right there.
The elevator stopped. The doors slid open to brightly lit hallway flanked on three sides by glass panes and doors. A placard directly in front of the elevator read:

Echoworx Event Management LLC


Reception —>


<— Shipping

This was the company Manny worked for. I'd never been to the building before. I headed in the direction of the reception door. Before I got there, Manny stumbled out with two drinks, partially spilling one on the carpet as he pushed past the door. He was wearing a cobalt shirt and gold tie. It was a look he pulled out only for formal business occasions.
"Billy! Looking good," he said, grinning.
His face was flush: a rich bronze—he was drunk. He handed me a drink and gave me a tight hug with his free arm. I caught a strong whiff of coconut from the hair product he was wearing. His head ended at my neck so when we hugged I could always smell his product.
"Hey love," I said, pulling aside the Santa beard and taking a hefty swig of the drink he gave me. "You gonna tell what's going on now? Is this your office Christmas party? Do you really expect me to--"
As I was about to finish what I was saying one of his coworkers came out the door, bundled up in his winter clothes, heading towards us.
"Do you really expect me to... do the thing we had planned for our party at home?" I asked, before adding in an even softer voice, "in front of yourcoworkers?"
Before answering me, Manny turned to his coworker.
"Don't tell me you're leaving," Manny said.
"I have to, I'm heading to another party," the coworker replied pressing the elevator call button.
"The party's about to get a lot better now that Santa's here," Manny said, running his hand down my shoulder and squeezing my bicep. "Squeeze this," Manny said to him.
The coworker looked at me, then back at Manny.
"Um," he said.
I turned slightly and outstretched my upper arm to give him the go-ahead, still holding on to my drink. He nervously wrapped his comparatively small hand around my bicep and gave it a squeeze. He bit his lip as his face went flush, a similar deep bronze shade to Manny—though his was from embarrassment and not drunkenness. As he was letting go I used my free hand to grab his and put it back on my bicep—this time flexing for him. He went almost purple, and tried to suppress a huge smile.
"Wow," he said looking at both Manny and me. "I can probably stick around for a bit longer. I'm Devin, by the way."
"I'm Bill—"
"Santa!" Manny cut in. "His name is Santa."
"You can also call me Daddy Christmas," I added with a wink.
Devin smiled and we all walked to the door. He took off his winter gear and left in a pile at the reception desk. I got a much better look at him without all the layers. He was cute! He was a little taller than Manny, and quite fit. Though probably in his mid-twenties, he was youthful looking. He had smooth, radiant brown skin and a beaming smile. And as I walked behind him I took a good long long look at his tight bubble butt, squeezing against his dress pants.
We walked past the main office area into what was either a large conference room, or a small event space. Either way it had been prepared for a Christmas party. There were lights strung up all about and a spinning multi-coloured party light, but the overhead fluorescents were still on. There was a tree, a snack table, a makeshift bar, and a bunch of holiday signs and decorations. Floor-to-ceiling windows ran across the back wall, revealing a stunning view of the city. I the corner, where the window met the wall, the majority of the seating had been arranged. Other seating was scattered about the room. There were more seats than people: indicating that this had been a bigger party.
I awkwardly greeted the room with the usual Santa phrases. There were 8 other guys there. A couple of them I had met before: Tim and Michael. They were friends of Manny who had come to the house before, but they were mostly unfamiliar to me. I still wasn't sure what I was doing here. It was all a bit overwhelming. The thought of getting naked in front of all these guys—in theiroffice—was exhilarating, but it was also unreal. I couldn't imagine that Manny was serious. I set my bag aside, downed my drink, quickly downed another, and then poured myself a third. I caught the people in the room staring and clearly whispering to each other about me.
While the Santa suit was quite cold outside, inside, the cheap fabric was making me overheat. Between that and my nerves, I was sweating profusely.
"Everyone!" Manny yelled, as all eyes turned to him. "As you can see, Santa's here," he continued, his speech slurring ever so slightly. "Who wants to sit on his lap and ask for a wish?"
"Santa's not a genie," Tim shouted, as others—including myself—chuckled.
"Shuddup!" Manny cried out. He held has hand over his mouth as he hiccupped.
Seeing how tipsy Manny was, I was increasingly convinced that whatever he had planned was a terrible,terribleidea. But I was curious and horny enough to play along for the moment. I guess I was still excited to see where this was going.
Manny queued up a sultry dance/pop/R&B mix and directed us all to the seating area.
"Devin, since you have to leave soon, why don't you go first?" Manny suggested.
Devin took a seat on my left thigh. His butt felt nice on me. I wasn't sure what to do. None of this was what we had planned for the cancelled party. The circumstances were totally different.
I wrapped my arms around his lean frame, and pulled him in close to me. I ran my hands up his abs and tight chest until I grabbed his hand and put it on my right thigh. When I released it, he awkwardly moved it around in a circle. I grabbed it again and put it on my bulge.
"Squeeze it," I whispered in his ear. "Just like my bicep."
He smiled and everyone started applauding and cheering. My cock grew a bit as he teased it under the fabric. I lifted him up his ease and tossed him onto the couch.
I straddled him as I started to unhook the jacket. His eyes widened as I finally threw it off, revealing my bare, sweaty torso. I grabbed his hands again and had him grope my firm chest and abs. Before long everyone had taken a seat nearby.
For the next while I continued lap-dancing for others, eventually removing the beard too. I was starting to get really into it, but was still nervous. The next guys were a lot grabbier than Devin. Fully smacking and squeezing my ass, begging to rip my pants off.
I took a short break to get a drink. I walked around, shirtless, hoping to tease guys a little more. A few of the approached to flirt with me, putting their hands on my muscles. A lumberjack looking guy named Ryan even tweaked my nips. I noticed Devin still hadn't left. I saw him texting a few times, and wondered if he was calling off his other plans.
Around 1:00 AM, and I decided to resume the show. I danced on top of Ryan this time. His beard tickled my pecs as I held his head against my chest. He jutted out tongue and gave my nipple a little bite. The crowd went wild. I decided it was time to give them a bit more.
I took his hands and slid them under my pants, but above my underwear. Immediately, he knew what to do, aggressively pulling them off of me. I stood there in my red, candy cane boxers, my growing bulge becoming more obvious. Although the group cheered, I could tell some people were disappointed I wasn't wearing more revealing undies.
"How far is he gonna go?" I could hear someone asking Manny.
I moved on to the next guy, Tim, and shoved my meat in his face. Without hesitation he parted his lips and mouthed down on my package. My dick stiffened as he munched and munched. I gently thrusted. When I eventually broke away, I was almost fully hard, and a huge gob of spit fell out of his mouth.
Now, in my boxers, I moved on to the next guy, Samir, a hunky middle-eastern guy in a tight black t-shirt. I moved straddle him, grabbing his hands and putting them on my abs. He didn't rub me, but instead kind of laughed.
"Uh, I appreciate it bro," he said, clearly uncomfortable, but still trying to be friendly. "But you're not really my type. Sick abs, though."
"He's the straight one," Manny said.
I chuckled and moved on.
The next guy in the line was Michael. I rubbed my ass in his lap while he groped my chest. I grabbed his hand and put in on my bulge, which he gladly squeezed through the fabric. I teasingly inched the waistband down, revealing just a bit of my butt crack. The group gasped and cheered in anticipation as the wondered if I might remove my boxers. I didn't leave them wondering for long. With my ass still facing Michael I swiftly ripped my boxers off, revealing yet another layer: a red jockstrap barely containing my erection and fully revealing my glistening muscle butt.
Michael screamed with joy as he grabbed my bare butt cheeks and planted a kiss on one.
"Holy shit, holy shit!" someone yelled.
I came back around to Devin. He licked his lips. His eyes were fixed on my ass and bulge. I slowly gyrated in front of him, wearing only boots and a jockstrap. I forced his head down on my bulge which he mouthed with abandon. He reached around and grabbed my ass. He cupped my cheeks and squeezed them but he was still being shy.
I dropped into his lap and kissed him. My tongue charged past his lips and pressed against his. I rubbed my face against his and nibbled his ear lobe.
"It's time to make me naked, Devin," I whispered softly, so only he could hear.
He moaned and ran his hands down my back until he gripped the waistband of my jock.
"That's it," I said, encouraging him.
I lifted my hips to his face again, while he pulled down, slowly revealing my thick, throbbing shaft. My cock thwacked him in the face as it broke free. I grabbed the jock out of his hand and tossed it across the room. A palpable sense of shock fell upon the room.
I smacked his face with my dick. As I pulled my foreskin back a surge of precum oozed out onto his cheek. He gasped and looked up at me reverently.
"Open up," I said.
He hungrily dove down on my cock. My skin tingled as his soft red lips lovingly rolled down every inch of it. He strained to take in it's full length, but managed. His fingers dug into my bubble butt as he gripped my cheeks. He deep throated me for a bit before stopping to lick my balls. The partygoers all gathered around close to watch. I moaned as he sensuously ran the tip of his tongue along my cock. He stopped to kiss my abs, lick my nips.
"I wanna worship your body," he said in a low voice.
Still straddling him on the couch—kneeling—I spun around and, arching my back, pushed my open ass into his face. His tongue plunged into my hole as my meaty, sweaty ass cheeks enveloped his face. I gyrated and smothered him. Facing this way, I could see the absolute lust and shock on the faces of the partygoers. I smiled at Ryan who had slipped his hand down the front of his pants. As I was about to wink at him, I spasmed in a bit of shock, feeling a sharp sting on my right butt cheek. Devin had taken a generous bite, and his teeth clung to me. He dove back into licking my ass, grabbing onto my cock from between my legs.
As I scanned the room to see everyone's eyes on us my cock throbbed even more intensely. Manny was sporting a huge grin.
I grabbed Devin and pulled him off the couch, positioning his head on the cushion. I squatted over him, pushing my throbbing cock down between my legs so the everyone could see it. I slowly lowered in into his open mouth, teasingly pulling it back as it plunged about half-way in. His tight, greedy lips smacked as the ridge of my cock-head came out of his mouth. I waved it above face for a moment, letting a strand of wetness—his spit and my precum—fall on his face. I dove in again, giving him a bit more. I drilled my whole cock into his mouth. I vigorously twerked and squatted, giving the people behind me a great show, while I fucked Devin's face.
He moaned through his full mouth, swallowing my dick while his free hands rubbed and grabbed any bit of my naked body that they could reach.
"I wanna make you cum! Cum in my mouth!" He shouted in a brief moment that his mouth wasn't stuffed.
"You will make me cum," I said as I crouched down and gave him a deep tongue kiss. "Just not yet." I pulled in close to his ear and flicked my tongue against it adding, in a soft, breathy whisper, "And it's not yourmouthI'll be cumming in."
I circulated back into the party, wearing nothing but my boots and Santa hat. My slobbery wet dick swayed, dripping bits on the carpet, as I strutted about.
People just couldn't take their eyes off me. It was happening; the CMNM party I had wanted was actually happening! I felt dizzy from the high of all the attention.
"Everyone," I shouted. "I'm pretty much naked in front of all of you, and I think it's time I put something on."
Groans came from the room. People pleaded with me not to do it.
"Look, I appreciate all the attention, but I can't just walk around all night with a hard dick that's completely exposed, can I?" I asked, pointing at it, while the entire room feasted their eyes.
"YES YOU CAN!" a few people shouted in protest.
"Please stay naked, Billy... I mean Santa!" Someone else yelled.
I walked to my bag and fished out what I was looking for. Facing away from everyone, I took off my Santa hat and hung it on my dick.
I turned back to the room and shrugged, my cock now concealed by the hat. People seemed a little bit disappointed, but not very. They knew the hat would come off eventually.
I walked in close to the group and put my arm around one of them.
"What do you think of what I'm wearing?" I asked them.
"The hat looks better on your head," Tim said.
I looked down with feigned incredulousness.
"Oh! My mistake. You haven't seen my new outfit yet."
I grabbed the base of my junk with one hand and slowly pulled the hat off with the other. I looked around to see the smiles in the room get wider with every inch of exposed shaft. The veins were bulging more than before. Finally, I released the base, revealing a bright red, silicone cock-ring; the thing I had fished out from the bag. I put my hat back on my head and strutted around in a circle, waving my erection past each of them. They all loved it, either gasping or giggling with glee.
As the night went on people pawed at me, some more shyly than others. Every now and then someone would rest their hand on my chest and stroke my muscles, palming all the way down my abs before stopping just above my cock. Others would squeeze my butt. They were all commenting on my fit body; asking me about my gym routine. No one went so far as to fully grab my dick, instead opting to me ask me if I'd be doing any more lap-dances.
Ryan, the bearded one, was one of these guys. He stared at my pecs, petting me, letting his hand fingers gently caress my nips. He kept talking to me, but couldn't look into my eyes.
"Goddamn, you're fit," he kept saying. "I'd kill for a body like yours."
Through his dress shirt and pants, I couldn't exactly tell, but he looked somewhat fit to me. He had a belly, a bearish build overall, but he clearly worked out. His biceps, thighs and butt were all big enough to squeeze against his clothes.
"You seem pretty fit," I said.
I stepped closer to him, and groped at him through his shirt. My cock (now perma-hard) pressed against his belly, a wet bead clinging to his shirt. I moved in until my dick was vertical and my whole, naked body was against him.
He took his hand from my chest, and clasped the small of my back, slowly working down.
The bristles of his beard tickled my face as I brought my mouth to his ear, and whispered, loudly enough for everyone close-by to hear,
"Do you want to squeeze my beefy ass, or stroke my big throbbing cock in front of all your colleagues?"
I loved verbalizing my nudity. I loved underscoring how proudly I was displaying my hot naked body to them.
"I want to squeeze your beefy ass," he began. "While I suckyour big throbbing cock."
He instantly dropped to his knees and with his hands tightly gripping my butt cheeks, took my cock in his mouth. The others closed in, watching from only inches away, while Ryan hungrily and expertly worked his mouth around my dick. Unlike Devin he couldn't quite fit it all in his mouth, but still, he managed to bring me right to the edge, before I had to pull away—not wanting to shoot my load just yet. Besides, I had already promised my load to someone else.
Some guys were a bit shier. They wouldn't outright grope me, but instead offer to make me drinks while standing so close to me that my dick was against them.
Michael, one of the friends of Manny that I had met before, offered to make me one. He held a drink in one hand while the other rested at his side. I told him I shouldn't drink too much, but stepped forward and to the side so that my cock was fully brushing against the back of his hand.
The hazelnut skin of his face radiated and reddened as he felt my bare meat. He coyly took it in his hand and gently stroked it.
"You sure you don't want a drink?" he asked. "I can give you the best Blowjob you've ever had! The drink, I mean."
I smiled as he continued stroking me.
"How aboutBilly and Imakeyoua drink, Michael?" Manny said, grabbing a bottle of Jameson.
Manny was one of the only guys there who wasn't constantly ogling or groping me. He grabbed my dick and ass a couple times through the night, but mostly to encourage others. We had a nice, platonic friendship. He was cute as fuck, but we weren't interested in each other that way. Besides, as my roommate he saw me naked all the fucking time.
"Actually, how about everyone line up for a very special beverage!" Manny shouted.
He had me lean back at an angle on the table, bracing myself with my hands and butt. He poured a small stream of whiskey down my chest. It snaked along down my abs where Michael licked it off of me. Manny poured another bit right on my erection. Michael hurriedly slurped at it, licking the underside of my shaft as the drink dribbled down.
"Better not waste any, Michael," Manny said, sternly.
Michael smiled and wrapped his lips around my cock head, taking in as much of my meat as he could in a few bobs. My skin tingled electrically as Michaels' plump lips glided all the way up and down my dick, sucking off any trace of whiskey.
One-by-one, Manny invited everyone to come drink booze off me. Each guy lovingly slurped the whiskey off my body; tonguing my chest, kissing my abs, and—of course—mouthing down on as much of my cock as they could.
Manny even poured some for himself, quickly licking a few drops on my nips.
"Come on Manny," Devin shouted. "Suck your roommate's dick!"
I shrugged and smiled at Manny, not totally sure what he was going to do.
"Fine," he sighed.
He knelt down and poured the Jameson onto my shaft, enveloping my meat with his mouth. He did it a few more times, drinking off my balls, and then my cock again to show what a good sport he was.
"Hope this doesn't make things weird between us, roomie," he said to me, wiping his mouth.
"Why would it? What could possibly be weird about you and all your coworkers sucking your naked roommates dick at your office Christmas party?"
"Not all!" Manny observed, looking at Samir.
It's true. Samir, the straight guy, was the only one who had not sucked my dick. He seemed oddly chill about everything that was happening. He even touched my muscles a few times earlier in the night. But he hadn't stroked or sucked my cock. I didn't really expect him to, to be honest.
Manny grabbed my dick and waved it at Samir.
"It's your turn, straight boy" he said.
"I dunno guys... maybe some other time," Samir replied, trying to brush it off.
"Suck it! Suck it!" Manny started, in a chant.
Quickly, the whole room joined in. Samir's grinned shyly as his face reddened, the attention of the entire room now on him. After a minute of chanting, and prodding him, he finally caved... a bit.
"Okay, I'll do a body shot," he said. "But not off your dick... no offence bro."
I leaned back even further as Manny let a few drops out onto my chest. Samir licked them up without much hesitation.
"Okay, you pervs all happy now?" He said to the room.
"No!" Several people replied.
Manny poured another bit out onto my abs, which Samir hesitantly lapped up. Manny then poured a generous amount out onto my dick. Samir didn't move quickly, and the whiskey mostly fell to the floor. He cautiously put his hand on my dick, laughing uncomfortably.
"Bro, I don't think I can!" He said.
"It's okay." I said.
I liked that he was putting an effort in, but I'd rather be enthusiastically admired by all these eager people than be grudgingly touched by a curious straight boy.
"BOO!" People chanted around the room.
Samir, palming his face and looking like he was experiencing a huge range of emotions finally, huffed and said to me,
"Okay. Turn around."
He grabbed the bottle from Manny and gently rubbed his hand along my back, guiding it into an arched position. He poured a bit down my spine. It streamed down my spine, pooling at the base of it. He did that a few times, at least three before doing something unthinkable.
He knelt down, his breath quickening, his hands shaking.
"Here goes," he muttered.
He pressed down on the base of my back, just above my ass, getting me to lean and arch even more. As my butt cheeks spread open I could feel the air of the room on it. He poured again. The stream quickly dribbled down my ass crack, where Samir swiftly plunged his head in. The cold whisky tingled as it pooled in my hole. The straight boy's thick tongue came next, lapping up every drop of booze. He twirled his tongue around, licking every millimetre of puckered skin, pouring more whiskey every now and then. His stubble tickled me as he burrowed his face in my ass.
The room erupted in cheers for him. And then, one-by-one, each partygoer came to rim me while drinking whiskey out of my bum. I remained bent over on the table for the next 20 minutes. Some of them were quick about it, while others slowly and thoroughly ate my ass. Even Manny took a quick turn.
After that, pretty much everyone was touching or worshipping my naked body; constant little kisses on my skin; hands squeezing my biceps, grabbing fistfuls of my butt or jiggling a cheek up and down. Sometimes, I'd be in conversation with someone and then suddenly feel the slick, warm spearhead of someone else's tongue wetting my ass crack and running up and down my hole. Other times, guys would suddenly drop to their knees in front of me, lick my balls and suck my cock. At one point, while Tim and Ryan's mouths were flanking my hard-on, Michael's face was burrowed deeply between my beefy ass cheeks, lapping at my hole.
This party was everything I wanted. Being naked in this office—proudly strutting around with all these guys' slobber dripping from my hard-on and butt hole—made me feel so simultaneously vulnerable and powerful. The hardest thing (other than my dick) was not cumming. Every time someone got me close I had to stop them. Staying in this state of perpetual edging was blissful torment; I loved it, but I wanted to shoot my load so bad—and I had many volunteers willing to help me. But there was one I had my sights on more than anyone else.
A bit past 2:00 AM, Devin approached me, holding his iPhone at his side.
"Hey. Would you mind if I take a selfie with you? From the waist-up only, of course."
I stared at him flatly, for a moment, trying to keep my expression from betraying how I felt about it.
"Absolutely not." I said, sternly.
I grabbed the phone out of his hand and loomed over him, my large frame dwarfing his. He looked shocked and a little frightened; too much to stop me. I pressed the camera icon in the corner—I knew I didn't need to unlock the phone to open the camera app.
"I didn't take any pho—"
I threw my arm around him and pulled him to my side.
"Smile," I said.
Holding the camera way up, I snapped 3 or 4 pictures, each one showing both of our faces and my dick.
"If you're gonna take pictures of me, they better not just be 'from the waist-up,'", I flexed my dick, as I said it, for emphasis.
I handed the phone to Manny, and told him to take some more pictures of us together. We started out by striking some obvious, playful poses: arms on each-others' shoulders; high-fiving; hugging—but they quickly got a lot steamier. Devin began kissing my chest. His turned his admiring eyes up to mine as his tongue circled my nipple. He stepped onto the toes of my boots and embraced me; he was light enough, the boots enough that it didn't hurt. This close and at this height, I could feel his hot bulge stiffening through his dress pants with my own rock-hard cock—now pressed vertically against him. His fingertips burrowed into my back muscles, scraping down until he squeezed my buttocks. He kneaded my ass in his tight grip, drawing closer to the centre. He stretched his neck to plant his lips on mine. With our tongues entwined he gently traced his finger up and down the tight, deep trench between my butt cheeks—still dewy with sweat and saliva.
A glob of precum spilled out of my cock as his finger hooked into my hole. My body tingled and my muscles tensed. I bit his lip, wrapped my big arms around him so tightly his feet lifted off my boots. Shivers ran through me as he tunnelled his way to my prostate.
"I wanna," he murmured, muffled by my aggressive tongue. "I wanna make you cum. Please let me suck that big cock and make you cum!"
A clear strand stretched between his waist and my dick as I relaxed my hold and lowered him to the ground. I kissed him again, softly and sweetly this time, and whispered,
"I told you already, youwillmake me cum..."
I squeezed his butt with both hands through his tight dress pants.
"Just not in yourmouth."
His brow began to glisten with fresh sweat, he twitched and squirmed, alternating between a grimace and smile.
"I don't suppose you wanna go somewhere else, away from prying eyes..." he trailed off.
Just then, Manny—seeing a break in the action—passed Devin back his phone, saying how sexy the photos were.
"Where's the fun in that?" I replied to Devin.
He bit his lip and squirmed some more.
"It sounds really hot," he said, his palms tracing down my sides, settling at the narrowing of my waist. "It's just that these are my coworkers," he lowered his voice to a soft whisper. "I'm not sure I'm ready to get fucked in front of them."
I told him to think on it for a bit while I turned off the floor lamps. With only the Christmas and party lights, the room was considerably darker—more like a bar or club. I closed in on Devin again and started grinding up on and making out with him. Others gathered around to feel me up, kissing me everywhere from my legs, to my back, to my bum—while I didn't stop them, I paid them no attention. My fingers gently gripped the the back of his scalp. I leaned over him to kiss him; first his neck then his lips. We both stared into each others' eyes with burning intensity, while rubbed my fat dick up and down his abdomen, my wetness oozing out onto his shirt.
"I'm getting precum stains all over your shirt," I whispered before thrusting my tongue into his mouth. "I'd better take it off of you."
With my lips fixed on his I clasped the top button of his shirt and started unbuttoning each, from top-to-bottom. The crowd surrounding us let out a few cheers as I tossed it aside. He looked apprehensive, but didn't stop me. I peeled off his undershirt next, caressing his smooth bronze torso as I did. I kissed him again, sucked his nipple. He moaned as I groped his bulge through his pants.
Finally, I knelt down and undid his belt. I tugged at his pants and let them drop, revealing his taut little white briefs, stretched by his stiff cock. I mouthed down on it, making sure to get a generous amount of spit on his crotch.
"Oh fuck," he moaned.
I squeezed his juicy butt through his undies, and teasingly pushed my finger into his crack, while I continued munching on his bulge. By this point, the crowd around us was cheering and clapping, yelling for me to strip off his underwear.
I rose to my feet and embraced him from behind so we were both facing the crowd—who were watching intently. I leaned over him and kissed him again while my palms glided all over his tight, smooth torso. My dick throbbed as it rubbed up against the warm skin of his lower back. As I pinched his front of his waistband, he opened his eyes, shocked. He started to turn to see his coworkers' expectant grins; I clasped his face and forcefully turned it back to mine.
"I'm going to make you naked now," I declared, once again plunging my tongue into his mouth while I gripped his underwear.
I felt him inhale sharply, his heartbeat quicken, goosebumps forming where our arms touched. I pulled down until I could feel the tension of cock springing free.
The room erupted in cheers and applause. A bit of spit went flying as Devin let out a little laugh while our mouths remained passionately interlocked. I lowered the back side, slowly letting my aching meat finally nestle in the heat between his pert, fat butt cheeks. I rocked my pelvis, letting my shaft roll up and down his crack. I squatted slightly, rested my hand in his groin, bracing him as instinctively arched his back and raised his butt. He moaned, pleadingly, as the head of my wet cock slapped against his hole, slicking it with my precum. I let the swollen helmet press all along his crack, painting it with my clear, slippery ooze. I resumed vertically pumping my shaft between his cheeks, catching the sensitive, puckered skin of his tight boy-hole.
I broke our kiss to fully remove his bottoms, bunched up at his ankles. As I did he suddenly became very aware of how naked he was; how his coworkers were cheering for him. He looked a little embarrassed, smiling bashfully, but he didn't try to hide his dick.
He had a great body. He wasn't quite as much of a gym rat as me, clearly, but he was tight and twinky and smooth. Very much my type. ,...——...
Looking up at him, I let my tongue out onto his thigh, gliding upwards until it was lapping at his ballsack. I slid it along the underside of his shaft and finally took his silky dick into my mouth. I deep-throated him with ease; he wasn't as big a me—but his cock was beautiful. Average in length with a very subtle curve and a heavenly sweet taste. We maintained eye-contact as my head bobbed up and down.
I wanted to be in his ass so bad, but I knew that prolonging the release would make it that much better. More than that, I was enjoying teasing Devin. I slapped his ass with resounding force and squeezed his plump cheeks. I held on as my lips slid from the tip of his glans to the base of his shaft, letting my finger dip into his crack and swirl around the puckered folds of his hole. I lodged my finger inside him, just barely. His back arched, his body stretched, I saw his abs tense sharply, and he let out a moan of absolute pleasure. As I fingered him, some of his colleagues moved to the other side, wanting to get a good view of the action.
Finally I rose back to my full height, looming over him; pulling him close by his narrow waist. His hard dick pressed against me, mostly enfolded by my sweaty nutsack. I lifted him off the ground with ease and carried him over to the couch; the group followed.
I gently put him down and manipulated his body into a doggy position. I smacked his plump cheeks and spread them apart with my thumbs. Finally gazing upon his perfect little brown hole, I let out a strand of spit. I teasingly rubbed it around before I buried my face in his gorgeous ass. I planted soft little kisses on his rosebud, watching him shiver as my stubble grazed the delicate skin before I let my tongue out to explore.
I gave his hole a few tiny licks first. Then, I slid the broad of my tongue up and down. I lapped and licked and plunged my tongue as deep as I could while he convulsed in agonizing pleasure. Spit coated my lips and chin as I feverishly slobbered over his pulsating little hole; slurping up and down; in and out. His ass cheeks jiggled as I clapped my hands against them; they enveloped my face.
I dipped a finger in every now and then, prepping it to take my meat.
As more applause and cheers came from the room, Devin cried out,
"Just fuck me already, I'm begging you!"
I tunnelled in with two fingers, feeling the smooth grooves of his rectum as I nibbled his butt cheek. He yelped with pain and delight as I sunk my teeth in—hard enough to leave a mark. I gave his hole a few more thorough licks before I rose to my feet.
The guys closed in and cheered as I slapped my thick cock against his ass. I could feel a few of their hands and lips on my back and butt. Devin arched his back even more. I squeezed my stiff red dick, milking out a clear bead directly on his anus. I pushed against him with my engorged cock head. His hole could barely fit me. I spit on it and tried again to no avail.
"Try more lube," he moaned.
Michael and Ryan gathered in close, both dropping to their knees. Ryan buried his bearded face in Devin's ass while Michael took my cock in his mouth. Both of them slicking us with as much slobber as they could.
I tried again. I smacked his silky hole with my throbbing slick helmet, rubbing my wetness on his. I thrusted again, this time getting half my cock head in him.
"Oh fuck," he cried out as the room watched in anticipation. "You're too big. You're gonna need some real lube."
No more than a few seconds passed before Manny's arm appeared between us, drizzling a bottle of cooking oil where our bodies connected. Manny spread the makeshift-lube along my shaft and swollen glans in a few quick but loving strokes while I bored my now oily fingers into Devin's precious hole. Manny retreated, wiping his oily hand on my ass and giving it a loud smack. I pressed into Devin again, finally breaching him.
The room erupted in cheers.
I wasn't even half-way in. My big dick ached and pulsated as it tunnelled further into him. It was my turn to cry out,
"Fuuuck,"
Droplets of sweat beaded all over my naked body as his smooth tight ring stretched to swallow my bare cock. I watched his ass jiggle as I pumped, like a piston, smacking noises ringing out through the room. The other partygoers broke off and stopped touching me until I told them they could continue,
"You guys are free to keep touching me," I panted. "As long aseveryonehas a good view."
With that I turned Devin, ever so slightly, so that people could watch my thick meat penetrating his hole. I fucked him like that for a while. Then I wrapped my arms around him and rotated his small body so we were facing each other. I hoisted him into the air as he naturally wrapped and locked his legs around me. I walked around, past each other guy there letting them see him ride my dick up close. In the middle of all of them, we kissed. The room disappeared as our mouths locked. I stood there, feeling his sweet soft lips on mine, our nude, sweaty bodies pressed together—as my erection throbbed inside his ass.
I sat down on the couch with him facing me. His thick, muscled thighs flexed as his butt cheeks clapped against my lap. He vigorously bounced up and down while my bare cock slid along the tight, smooth muscle inside him. I cupped his ass with my hands, greedily squeezing and kneading the fleshy mounds as I momentarily pulled him off of me. I hooked the cock-ring that I was wearing and whipped it across the room. I pulled him close and kissed him again.
"Nothing's gonna hold back the load I'm about to give you," I whispered.
His hot, sweaty butt cheeks smothered my throbbing cock as he eased himself down again. He pressed his hand on my shoulder and looked at me as if to say 'I'm taking control now'. I indulged him. He gyrated and twerked, squeezing me out almost right to the tip before his ass swallowed me up again. I leaned back, putting my hands behind my head. I felt a little tickle as his nose burrowed into my hairy armpit where he hungrily inhaled my musk.
I took a gentle hold of his cock as it flopped onto my abs, slowly working it to full mast. I grabbed the back of his head and pressed our heads together. My tongue slid against his while a my nose caught a waft of my own spicy body odour. The pace of his gyrations slowed as he naturally began to cede control to me.
"I'm gonna cum in your ass soon," I informed him in a low voice. "But first, I want you to cum. Can you do that?"
He nodded, wordlessly, his eyes barely open and his mouth practically drooling.
I spun him around to face the room, my erection acting as hinge. I held his thigh up with one hand, and with the other continued to stroke his cock. Claps rang out across the room as he smacked my lap. I could feel his ass starting to tense as his cock flexed.
"Oh fuck, FUCK!" He wailed.
A streak of white shot upwards. Then another. I cried out as his anus clenched my bare meat in a crushing grip. With every inch of me enveloped by his smooth, warm muscle—clasping my cock so fucking tightly—I was ready to burst. His warm cum slathered my fingers as I continued to stroke him. My cock squeezed through the tight tunnel a couple more times.
My whole body quaked, my skin tingled, and my head began to swell as my hard cock spasmed inside him. I let out an echoing cry. My cock pulsed, shooting bolt after bolt of hot cum inside him. We both moaned as I slowed my pace—still penetrating him, but gently—as my load coated my cock and oozed out of his hole.
The cheering crowd seemed to disappear as I pulled him in close and felt his sweet lips on mine. Our naked bodies—slippery with sweat—slid against each others'. I heard a faint squelch as I finally pulled my cum-glazed pole out of him. He melted into me as his muscles relaxed. My hands caressed his chest, abs, thighs. I slid my right hand under him, first rubbing his bum, then letting my middle finger explore his cummy hole. He looked at me with amazement, gently moaning, before I filled his mouth with my tongue again.
As we naturally slowed we finally broke apart, but the cheers didn't stop. Manny handed us a roll of brown paper towel to clean up with. Before we got a chance Mike, Ryan and others snatched it and started tearing off bundles that they used to wipe us down. The eagerly and lovingly cleaned us off, taking the opportunities to grope and and kiss and suck. Devin seemed a bit embarrassed, but went along with it.
"So that's what you taste like?" Ryan said to Devin after stuffing my cock in his mouth.
It was finally a little too much for Devin. He was a good sport, but he rushed to gather his clothes and dress himself again. I was in no such hurry. I had another drink, continuing to strut in the nude while the remaining partygoers fondled me. But, the party was winding down. Most people had left and it was well into the AM hours at this point. Only Mike, Ryan, Devin and Manny remained, and now they were finally ready to leave.
"We're thinking of going somewhere cool after this, you down?"
I asked him where but he didn't offer much more. He simply reassured me that I would have a good time. At this hour—and this close the Christmas—there weren't many places. A house party? An after-hours, maybe?
I agreed.
The Santa outfit I had stripped out of was scattered about the room. I was about to start gathering it when Mike and Ryan rushed to do it for me. But rather than hand it to me, Mike stuffed the bundle of clothes into my bag.
He grabbed me by the forearm and placed something into my hand.
"This is the only outfit you'll need tonight," he said.
I looked down to see the cock ring in my hand.
II
I didn't exactly protest. Buteven Iwasn't sure about leaving this downtown office building wearing nothing but boots, a Santa hat, and a cock ring. Not to mention that it was winter. How were we going to get anywhere? Everyone was too drunk to drive. And there was no way I could walk down the streets when it was this cold. So what did he have planned? Manny took my phone and stashed the Santa outfit in the office utility closet.We weren't even bringing it with us. My heart fluttered as I took the first few steps out into the brightly lit hallway. I suddenly felt much more naked under the fluorescent lights and realizing that the outfit I had worn here was now sealed in a locked office.
Seeing that I was finally a bit nervous the boys egged me on, giggling and shouting encouragement as the elevator plunged thirty storeys. Mike dropped to his knees and slurped at my cock until I was fully hard again, the whole while looking up—making eye-contact with the security camera, wondering if there was anyone watching.
The lobby was empty, but fully lit. The street beyond the 20-foot windows was deserted, but if anyone had happened to walk by I would have been fully exposed. The boys surrounded me, hiding my nakedness from any potential passers-by. Ryan called an Uber XL, which was going to take upwards of 10 minutes to arrive. God knows how we were going to get the driver to allow me in. Ryan said he'd wave a $50 bill at them. I wasn't sure that would work.
Mike stood almost directly in front of me, jumping aside every now and then while teasingly warning me that someone was coming. I was still extremely nervous, but the excitement was building again. Not to mention the fact that Mike, Ryan and Devin had all taken it upon themselves to keep me as hard as possible. As soon as my dick started drooping I had a hand—or mouth—working me back to full mast.
When the Uber finally arrived, Ryan went out first, to explain our...situation. Ducking his head into window, he looked back at us, over his should and gestured to Mike.
Mike immediately stepped to the side, completely exposing me to the driver, while waving his hands up and down the length of my upper body, as though he was showcasing me. Then, while staring at the driver, Mike took hold of my cock and started stroking it. As if that wasn't enough to scare him off, he started licking my nipple, while Devin crouched and did the same to my balls.
The driver sped off immediately.
We called another. This time Ryan appeared able to convince him to let us in, handing him the $50, and waving us along. An icy chill embraced me as we parted the doors; a cold caress groping every nook of my nude body, stinging my wet, hot cock.
We opened the doors to the SUV. I started shuffling into the back seat as the driver stopped me.
"No, no. You sit up here," he said.
Excited, I took the front seat and buckled myself in. I casually slouched back and spread my legs, letting my balls fall to the seat while my dick soared. I smiled at the stranger across from me, while I immodestly flexed my cock for him. A smile stretched across his face. His eyes wandered up and down my body, feasting on me and constantly settling on my cock.
We drove off. He asked us about the night we were having. He was eager and curious, he drove slowly, seemingly catching every red light as he took the opportunity to ogle me and tell me how hot I was. We filled him in. He was clearly turned on and hanging on our every word.
"So what's been your favourite thing tonight?" He asked me.
He slowed to a stop as the light turned yellow.
"Well, I don't know if it's my favourite thing," I said, looking intensely in his eyes. "But something I've really been enjoying," I began, weaving my fingers into his and pulling his hand over to me. "Is how people have been doing this to me all night," I said, closing his fingers around my steel-hard shaft.
He practically drooled with excitement as he stroked my cock for every second he could before the light changed. As we caught another light, I immediately grabbed his hand again and put it back on my dick.
"Holy fuck," he said, working his hand up and down.
Finding his touch still a little timid, I gripped his hand again and carefully pressed his thumb onto my piss slit, where a generous bulb of precum had formed.
He let out a tiny moan as he slathered it around my swollen cock head.
"You're a bad boy!" He said, laughing a little.
We pulled up to our destination: an unassuming street with a mix of residential and commercial walk-ups and semi-detached homes.
He handed back the $50, saying we'd been so much fun, and we could consider it a Christmas present. He was too shy to ask, but I could see how eager he was to touch my cock again. I put his hand on me again.
Seeing the lust and joy in his eyes, I felt an overwhelming urge to make this man's night. I unbuckled his seatbelt and wrapped my hand around the back of his head. My body felt fuzzy as the warm wetness of his mouth softly and sensually enveloped my engorged meat. He took little breaks to lick my balls and finally, feeling a little bolder, started massaging my hole with his finger. I reclined and backed the seat up as much as I could. I awkwardly spun around and knelt on the seat, bending to give him clear access to my ass. Without hesitation he grabbed my pelvis and ploughed his face into my butt. He greedily lapped away, tongue-fucking me as best he could.
I gave him one more round of sucking my cock before we left, thrusting my hips as much as the tiny space of the car would allow.
The freezing cold once again seized my body. The boys rubbed me and held me as we crossed the street to a door next to a convenience store. We walked single file up the narrow stairwell, with me in the middle of course. It looked to be a simple, tiny, apartment building. When we got to the landing top of the stairs, Mike rearranged our walking order, so that I entered last.
I could hear a heavy, dancey bass thumping from down the hall. A bouncer guarded a door at the end of the hallway. He paid as very little attention until he noticed me.
"Whoa man!" he said, alarmed and but without hostility.
He looked me up and down, a look I'd become accustomed to this night.
"I don't think I can let you in like that," he said, shaking his head, but not taking his eyes off my crotch. My cock, which had gone mostly flaccid by that point, was beginning to feel that familiar tingling of blood rushing in.
He was a heavy-set man, tough looking—but also kind looking. He was the first person I'd encountered tonight who was noticeably larger than me.
The group parted and allowed me to take the lead. I walked right up to him, my bare thighs against his cold jeans. I put my hands behind my head, leaned back and thrust my pelvis forward. My cock pressed against the back of his hand.
He licked his lips and slowly turned and opened his hand. His rough and meaty paw took hold of my cock and quickly worked me back to a full, swollen hard-on. With his hand still stroking my dick, he lifted his head to face all of us.
"Ok, I'll let you in. But I still need to check your bags," he said to the others. "I don't really need to search you, I guess."
"You sure?" I asked, leaning against the wall, my back arched and booty sticking out.
"Oh wow," he said, licking his lips and dropping to his knees.
His hands pried my ass cheeks fully open. His tongue charged into me, the curly bristles of his goatee brushing all along the sensitive, puckered skin. His teeth scraped me as he feasted on my ass. I pushed my hard dick down, between my legs. He slobbered over it from behind. Licking all the way up my shaft, over my balls, and back into my hole.
"Okay you guys are good. Wait though."
He grabbed the Santa hat off my head and hung it on my dick.
"Let's just pretend I didn't realize you were naked, in case it's a problem with the hosts."
Ryan and Mike handed him some bills, which he stuffed into a ziplock bag inside his coat. He stamped each of our hands.
Through the door was what appeared like a converted apartment unit. Maybe two, merged into one. It was an intimate space, with probably about 40 people including a bartender and a DJ. It was mostly guys, gay guys, but there were a few women there too. It was crowded for the space. There was a DJ at the end of the room who was standing on a slightly elevated platform.
It took a few moments before people started to notice me, but soon it felt like most of the party was staring at me. A few guys—hot guys—approached me right away. It appeared like they were about to comment on the hat hanging off my dick before I yanked it off. Their faces beamed, and I could since the shock spreading through the room.
We ordered drinks at the bar—which people were openly snorting lines of coke off of (or lines of something?)—and got to dancing. At first, only the boys I had come here with were feeling me up. But soon, as I invited others closer, almost everyone was taking a turn to grope me. Pretty soon the DJ was commenting on it, and told the crowd he gonna start playing some sexier songs and maybe other people should get naked.
Pretty soon, other guys were dancing right up to me and dropping to their knees in front of my dick. A queue formed. Seeing that, Manny—myroommateManny— fell crouched down behind me, and started eating my ass. He told Devin and the others to get in line behind him, causing a line of people to form on my other side now.
Pretty soon I had strangers at either end of me, sucking my dick and licking my hole.
"Yoooo this is fucking SEXY!" The DJ shouted on a mic. "I'd be in the line to eat that ass, personally."
I smiled at him and bit my lip. After several more songs, he invited me up onto the small stage.
"Yo, everyone, don't mean to stop you guys, but I need to get in on that. Would our naked friend mind joining me onstage?"
I rushed on over, strings of slobber breaking as my dick and ass pulled away from two guys. He apologized to the crowd, and said he would just play a few songs that he wouldn't mix live. But he would hopefully give them an even better show. He was cute. A lean, athletic latino guy, with hairy forearms, a broad chest and a narrow waist.
He ate my ass passionately for awhile before he rose to make out with me. He was aggressive with his tongue, and he couldn't take his hands off my ass—squeezing and fingering it.
Eventually he started stripping off his own clothes. First his shirt, then pants, then...
"I think I need to fuck you," he said, looking straight at me, but speaking right into the microphone.
The crowd cheered and I smiled back at him. Wordlessly, I dropped to my knees and pulled down his briefs. His think cut cock sprung up. I took it into my mouth.
It throbbed and burned, a steam pipe, covered in golden-brown silk, smelling sweet and woodsy. I cherished every inch of his big cock much to the enjoyment of my friends and a bunch of strangers. He called for someone to bring him some lube.
Eventually someone handed him a bottle and he slathered its contents over his pole. He slapped it against the top of ass a few times, then running it down the crack till the bare head nestled in my quivering hole. He pushed gently, and wrapped his arms around me. He kissed me, and slowly applied more pressure against my hole.
My body shook, my knees nearly buckled as his thick shaft stretched open my hole. He kept me in his tight embrace, as he gradually got deeper inside me. I felt paralyzed, swept away in absolute bliss, but so overwhelmed I was almost unable move. My body broke out in a sweat. Soon my brow was dripping and his pelvis was slapping hard against my ass. I could feel him deep inside me
"I'm gonna cum in your ass, okay?" He said to me, but into the mic once more, causing the crowd to go wild.
He sounded like me to Devin earlier in the night.
I nodded, unable to verbalize anything because of the trance-like state I was in while his hard, bare cock has sliding in and out of me in front of a crowd of people.
He kept good on his word. I felt his seed explode inside me. His whole cock swelled and stiffened. My body melted into him as I felt my hole fill with his burning hot cum. He kept his cock in me, slowly fucking me while the cum dribbled out of me.
Eventually it was done, and he got back to mixing tracks, staying naked. I walked over to the bar to grab some napkins. As I walked there the crowd pawed at me. Some people followed me to the bar and offered to buy my drink.
When I explained that I was just going to get napkins to clean myself off, they lifted me onto a barstool and started wiping me down. My ass, mostly.
And soon, a couple of them were taking turns licking it. A studly, nerdy looking guy was up first. He held my thighs back and rimmed me. Then kissed me while gyrating his clothed pelvis in my naked, spread open ass.
He took off his shirt and in one swift motion, pulled down his pants and undies. His hard shaft teased along the skin. He didn't waste much time. Soon it plunged down, breaching my ass almost immediately. Another bare cock filling me.
Before he was done he spun me around and was fucking from behind while I leaned against the bar. His hot load surged through his thick cock head and filled me again.
And sure enough, another line formed. The next guy didn't bother with napkins, and simply slurped his tongue up my crack licking off all that freshly laid cum. And soon, he was naked too, fucking me. Again, my head got dizzy and light as yet another cock exploded in my ass.
The next guy didn't bother with napkins—or tongue—and simply plunged another, thick, bare cock into my cum drenched hole.
Twelve guys fucked me, three with condoms, nine without—of which at least five bred me, leaving generous loads in me. All the while, the bartender pour drinks on me for people to slurp up. At times I got up on the bar-top as another guy fucked my ass. As the bartender poured whiskey over my abs I told him he's next. He blushed, and seemed to decline. But after another guy fucked me, the bartender stared taking off his clothes. He was a bit older, mid-forties maybe, total grey/silver fox—or wolf, more accurately. He was cut, and smelled musky and manly.
He worked his think, throbbing cock expertly. He held my face and didn't break eye-contact, even as he kissed me. His steaming hot pole swelled, like so many had that night, and blossomed inside me with a flood of cum.
Eventually Mike and Ryan pulled up. The looked bashful at first, but then got a bit more bold. They both stripped down and put their clothes on bar stools. I smilingly admired their bodies.
Mike was fit. Cut and athletic, Black with glistening skin, a deep pectoral V and rolling abs—and a slightly wet, thick uncut cock. Ryan had more a rugby-players' build. Husky, with a big bouncy ass.
Ryan mostly focused on my front, lick my nips, kissing down my abs, and worshipping my cock. Mike worked back. He bit the flesh skin with unbridled enthusiasm before his face wedged between the fat, muscly cheeks.
Pretty soon, Mike was inside me and I was fucking Ryan. The line-up broke off. Folks realized this would be the closing act.
Ryan's big butt cheeks clapped over my rock hard dick. Mike fucked me deeper than I'd been fucked all night. His cock ploughed me and I felt almost unable to move. Almost.
As the two hot, naked boys sandwiched me in front of the crowd, I could feel myself getting close.
Ryan didn't pull away as another load exploded out of my dick. My anus seized up. I cried out in pain and pleasure, as Mike's huge dick was forced out of my ass.
Ryan broke off, and Mike and I continued on the bar. He angled us for the benefit of the audience, allowing them to best see his throbbing cock penetrate me. He kissed me and told how much he had wanted to do this all night. My body was physically spent, but overwhelmed with joy. His cut, firm body slapped against me with resounding claps as his steel-hard cock pulsed and swelled and burst, filling me with my last load of the night.
With his bare cock still inside me, his tongue dancing with mine, I let my body just melt into a puddle on that bar. I was overcome with heady bliss, my body drenched with sweat, my ass thickly glazed with cum.
I toured the party awhile longer still soaking in all the admiration and lust. I thanked Manny and co for what had been one of the best nights of my life.
"I think I know how you can thank me," Manny said.
"How's that?"
He appeared to ponder for a minute before he started peeling off his clothes, turning around, and pressing his bare ass against my bare cock.
-The End