It was a good thing Madison picked a Saturday to completely lose control of her desires and make the video and take the pictures that could potentially ruin her. Not that she really chose the day, but it turned out to be a good thing that it happened on that day of the week. After all, once she clicked "send" she more or less paced around her apartment half naked for the rest of the day, going into her bedroom and checking her computer every five minutes to see if anything had come of the things she had sent.
It didn't take long, but it seemed like days. Madison kept wavering during this time between being sick to her stomach at the thought of being potentially outed to everyone she knew - being seen naked by all of her friends, her acquaintances, her professors, the list went on and on - and being aroused at the thought of the intense humiliation. The adrenaline she felt at what she had done was indescribable.
And no, it wasn't just being naked. She had written on her body begging to be exposed. She had literally masturbated while filming herself, telling the camera how much of a slut she was, and begging to be completely ruined and humiliated. She had made it terribly obvious to anyone who watched that she wanted just that. And she had told everyone exactly who she was, "webslut Madison Holt." Those words went through her head over and over until they were burned there permanently.
It was after maybe an hour and about fifteen cycles of going to the computer, checking, seeing nothing, stroking her pussy at the thought, and pacing around her apartment only to start the whole cycle over again that Madison saw any progress.
"Ok, wow," the guy wrote. "You clearly want this. Sorry it took me so long, but I had to watch that video a few times and clean up the mess I made before I could stop long enough to post it. So you want to be ruined and spread around? Well here are three links to porn sites where your video and pictures have been posted. We both know it's only a matter of time before you get exactly what you want. I'm not taking these down. I would normally take them down, but I get the sense that you are the kind that wants to see this through to the end, whatever that is. Best of luck. I honestly hope you find what you are looking for - I know I did."
Madison clicked each link in succession and saw a collage of humiliation. Her name was right there in the title of each of the albums and each of the videos - "webslut Madison Holt, dumb slut from Naperville, IL, wants to be ruined, exposed, degraded and spread around." She went through each of the three sites and saw that the posts were nearly identical.
Shaking, Madison got up from her chair, closed and locked her bedroom door, turned on her TV and put her earbuds in and connected them to her computer. She did not want her roommate catching her. She quickly stripped off her tank top and panties, leaving her nude. Reaching into a dresser drawer, she pulled out a bag of clothespins that she had bought after reading some posts online about girls using them on their sensitive areas.
Madison pressed "play" and listened to her introduction as she placed a clothespin on her left nipple, moaning softly as its teeth pinched her sensitive skin. "This is it - my coming out party," she thought to herself. "Coming out as a webslut and introducing myself to the internet for complete destruction," she whispered as she attached a clothespin to her right nipple.
Soon, Madison was engulfed in lust - engulfed in desire for her own ruination. She quickly attached a clothespin to each of her pussy lips and smiled as she snapped a photo, paused the video, and emailed the stranger who had helped her post her most outrageous content yet.
"This is me watching the video you've posted of me and masturbating. Please don't ever take them down no matter what I say. I want this. Post it too. I want it, please. Yours to ruin forever, Madison Holt." She sent it without a second thought, almost failing to realize that she still had "Madison Holt" and "slut" written on her stomach from her earlier activities. Not that it mattered, it only aroused her more when she realized it.
All of the sudden she had another brilliant idea. Madison flicked on the webcam again. "I can make another video of me fucking myself as I watch the first one - then there will really be no mistake about how much I love this," she thought.
"Ohhh, fuck yes," she said as she shoved two fingers into her cunt with one hand and pressed play with the other. "I fantasize about being exposed all over - with my name, and all my information, and being turned into a dirty little webslut," she heard herself say on the video.
Madison watched the look on her face as she spoke the next words. It was a look of nervous excitement, of a slut who craved to be doing what she was doing, but ashamed and afraid to admit it. She spoke nervously but excitedly. It was so raw and so real. "I, umm, get turned on, like, really turned on, by the thought of having my pictures and my name all over the internet, I (gulp)". Madison could see that she paused, pondering her fate, before she continued nervously.
"I, I like, google my name and all I see are naked pictures, and then everybody I know finds out and - oh my god, I am such a slut for wanting this." She meant it too. The look on her face was now a mix of arousal and shame. Madison knew she shouldn't want that kind of exposure, and she really did feel like a slut. But it also aroused her more than anything she had ever done before. Watching the video, Madison didn't even notice that she had slipped a third finger into her pussy and was now furiously pounding it as she watched.
"Ohhhh, I'm such a little slut," she moaned on the video. Pausing the video again, Madison turned to her webcam. "Ohhhh yes, I really am such a little slut," she said. "And watching myself, like, online - I've been exposed, and I just - I want more. I want to be a bigger slut." She pounded her pussy as she continued.
"I like - I want that fantasy to - I want it to happen for real," she stammered nervously as she fucked herself. "I like - I want ultimate exposure." Madison has begun to sway her hips in her chair as she fucked herself hard. With her other hand she navigated the browser to a photo of herself with "please expose me" written on her stomach, and in a new tab, opened up another with her name written there.
"Ohhhh, yes, seeing myself posted and exposed online, with my full name - it - ohhhh, yes it's going to make me cum, yes! Seeing myself like that, like, exposed, and begging to be ruined - being exposed gets me off, ohhhhh yes, I need this, I'm such a slut!"
"Please expose me," she said to the webcam. "I'm already exposed, but, like - please, expose me even more. Spread me - ohhhhh, yes, spread me all around and humiliate me, ohhhh." Madison was fucking herself harder and was already on the brink of orgasm.
"Please expose me, ohhhh yes," she whispered as she stared at a picture of herself with those words on her naked body. "Please expose me, ohhhh!" She twisted the clothespin on her right nipple as she came hard, speaking those words over and over, shuddering.
Soon, Madison had calmed down enough to catch her breath. She was still shaking from nervousness an excitement as she reached into her drawer and pulled out two large rubber bands. She took the clothespins off her nipples. Then, she slid the rubber bands over her feet one at a time and pulled them up her leg until they encircled each of her inner thighs. Taking the clothes pins off of her labia, she put a rubber band in the mouth of each pin before reattaching them. The effect was that the rubber bands pulled her pussy open, and she now sat down with her dildo in hand ready for round two.
Madison pressed play on the video and slowly pushed the dildo into her spread, swollen pussy. "I know this - this - could like, ruin me," she said on the video. She spoke hesitantly, nervously, but definitely fueled by arousal. "Like, I want you to know that I, I want it, I want to be exposed, I want to be turned into a webslut."
Madison thrust the dildo deep into her pussy as she heard herself speak those words on the video - the video that was now posted online with her full name and city. She knew there was no going back. She knew it was just a matter of time until she was on dozens of websites, and until she was recognized - or even worse (or better?) she was seen by someone she knew.
"Take them and ruin me, ruin my reputation," she said on the video. With each mention of the word "ruin" Madison almost lost it completely, and she thrust her dildo into her spread open pussy as hard as she could imagine. Just the thought of actually being ruined was enough for her to become so aroused that she couldn't help herself.
"This makes me so excited, like, my heart is throbbing right now, just the thought of what I'm doing, being exposed with my name," she said on the video.
"I'm going to do it," Madison said out loud as she pounded herself with the dildo. "Ohhhh, I'm like, going to roll and like, have no choice but to write my name on my body and be exposed with my real name for all to see. Ohhhh, fuck yes, I did that, I put myself out there like that, and like, God, like, I fucking love it, it makes me so fucking horny."
"I want it, but I don't," said a nervous Madison on the video. "Like, I need to - be exposed, but like, oh my god, just - the risk. I'm like, shaking - I could, like, ruin my life, and it is so fucking hot I can't take it." Madison watched as her hands began to shake in the video.
"I have to write my name," Madison said on the video. "Fuck, I need this!" Madison watched as she did just that, and then continued to listen to herself as she lost all control.
"My name," the video said, "is Madison Holt." Back in reality, Madison crumbled physically as she came, shuddering, forcefully thrusting the dildo in and out, in and out as her legs shook and she moaned uncontrollably as she fucked herself to yet another mind-blowing orgasm.
Just seconds later, Madison put her feet up on the desk where her computer was, with one foot to either side of the laptop as she continued watching the video that could ruin her forever. "Make me regret this because you're going to - to make me cum. I want to be ruined," said the video. Madison was full-on fucking herself again as she watched. Knowing another orgasm was on the near horizon, she fast forwarded the video to the end, when she knew what her fate was and had not only accepted it, but welcomed it.
"I'm ruined, I'm happy, I'm horny, and I want you to watch me fuck myself and see how, ohhhhh, how good it feels to be spread around and used and turned into a webslut." Madison fucked herself harder as she watched herself grab the same dildo and fuck herself with it on camera.
"I know my pictures will be on a million websites, and I want them up forever," the video said. "Please do that for me, I'm webslut Madison Holt and I want to be posted everywhere, I want to lose control, I want everyone to know what a slut I am." Madison was getting ever closer to yet another orgasm as she continued to watch in awe.
"See what this does to me?" The video said. "See what being a ruined, humiliated, exposed slut does to me?" Madison was practically shouting on video as she begged for more. "Please, everyone, pass me around and ruin me! Please, just post me everywhere."
"Make me a slut. Make me a bigger slut. Make me a whore!" Said the video. "Ohhh, yes, I am a whore," Madison whispered to the video as she watched. "Just use me, fucking ruin me, please!" Madison was shouting in the video. "Fuck me," said Madison as she watched. "Fuck me over and destroy me!"
Then came the ultimate line from the video. "I'm such a slut. I'm so - so worthless, so ruined, ohhhh, and I'm such a slut I love it! I want this, please fuck me up, please ruin - please - so I can never take it back, ever, ever, ohhhhhh! I'M A SLUT! RUIN MY LIFE!"
In reality, Madison flicked off the video and concentrated on the webcam, still recording as she fucked herself with no desire for gentleness. "I mean it - see? I fucking meant every word. I've been posted and exposed and now I can't stop - ohhhh, I can't stop!"
"I can't stop fucking myself while I destroy myself even more, ohhhh! See, does this prove how fucking bad I need this? Does this prove how much of a stupid little fucking slut I am? Ohhhh fuck, I want to show you all how much I fucking love this!"
"I meant it. I want more. Ruin me. Ruin me more. I'm Madison Holt. I want you all to know my real name, ohhhhh fuck! RUIN ME!" She shouted as she came harder than ever, her legs visibly shaking on the video as she pinched her left nipple and did not stop fucking her pussy until the shaking subsided - but didn't totally stop - after yet another orgasm.
"I'm Madison Holt," she said as she pointed to the words that were still written on her body, "and I really do want this, so please, use this one too. I'm going to go fuck myself again because I just can't seem to stop." With that, she closed the webcam and sent the video immediately to be placed with the others - never to be taken down.
There was a reason it was a good thing Madison did this on a Saturday. She was compelled to constantly check the internet - to see whether any of her videos were reposted, to see if anyone commented, and to see how many people had watched. And, of course, she couldn't go an hour without fucking herself.
By Saturday night, Madison had been reposted on one other website. A few hundred people had watched her videos, and had given them excellent ratings, ensuring that more people would watch them. She fucked herself when she found the reposted video and pictures, and again when she hit five hundred views. She kept googling her name too, but only seemed to find her social media accounts and stuff from high school sports - normal stuff that is out there for just about everybody.
Madison did not sleep a wink Saturday night. She kept waking up, checking the computer, fucking herself, and going back to sleep. Eventually she got so tired that she couldn't even fuck herself to orgasm before she fell back asleep, and after that, at about 7 a.m., finally slept a few solid hours in her exhausted state.
She woke up for good around noon, and walked into the kitchen to pour herself a bowl of cereal for breakfast, making sure to put on a tank top and running shorts in case her roommate was out there.
"Damn, what happened to you" Her roommate said when she went through the living room.
"Not much, just - long night," Madison lied. All of the sudden she realized that her makeup had been ruined and was all over her face and that she looked like hell. "I'm going to eat and take a shower," Madison said.
"OK," said her roommate. "I'm going to work and then I'm going to go hang out with some peeps - have fun, let me know if you want to hang out later."
Madison barely grunted at her roommate as she sat down on the couch and ate her cereal. Her roommate left about the time she finished, and Madison did indeed take a shower - after she checked the computer again, of course. The reposting she was looking for was slow in coming, but progress was being made. She was now at least being posted on Tumblr pages and such, but still could not find her content by searching only her name. She had to add "webslut" or "exposed" to get any real results.
When she showered, Madison finally washed the lipstick off her stomach. She fingered herself to orgasm as well. And she took a long look in the mirror when she got out, wondering who this person was who had lived the life she had lived in the past 24 hours and whether she really would come to regret her choices.
Those feelings didn't last long when she realized she had over a thousand views and guys were commenting that she was "a slut" and that she was "stupid for posting all her info like that." Another said he "hoped she got what she wanted" and put a link to her reposted material in a text box.
Madison continued to fuck herself throughout the day. Her pussy became so sore that she started fucking her ass more than her pussy, and even had a rare anal-only orgasm. In between orgasms, she just sat around motionless, thinking about what she had done, nervous that she really would be ruined somehow, and eventually, turned on by it enough that she started to masturbate again.
Madison slept better Sunday night. She was exhausted from the dozens of orgasms and the lack of sleep the night before. All of the sudden it was Monday morning and time to get ready to go to class.
She stood in the opening to her closet, wondering if anyone she knew had seen her. She wondered about the guys in class, the girls, even the professors - and the random people that might come up to her and say "don't I know you from somewhere?" Before realizing that they had watched her utterly humiliate herself online.
She wondered what to wear. "Maybe something -something to lay low - like a hoodie - so nobody really looks at me?" She pulled out a hoodie and threw it on the bed. "Or maybe something like this - something a naughty little slut like me really should wear - something that will get at least a little attention?"
Madison threw a ribbed, cropped sweater onto the bed. It was a light blue sweater with 3/4 sleeves and large shoulder cutouts that showed about four inches of her stomach when paired with jeans that rose to about an inch below her belly button, and it was tight on her breasts and upper abdomen. It had crisscross straps over a v-neck, and showed just a little cleavage but nothing too risqué, not even for class.
"Damn," she thought after she put it on. "I can't go to class like this." For one thing, it was the middle of winter. For another thing, even though she had been seen wearing far less at a shopping mall, at a park, and on the internet, she hadn't exactly confronted the idea of dressing like a slut and going to class. Also, she was studying education, and she didn't know how a class full of professional-minded future teachers and role models would react to her bare midriff.
"But - but I have to!" She thought as she pulled on a pair of jeans. "If I can expose myself naked online - surely I can be comfortable wearing this, right?" But it wasn't that simple. She just couldn't bring herself to leave like that. What would her classmates think? Her professors? This was something you would expect from a slutty freshman, not a senior a few months from graduation.
However, staring at herself in the mirror, Madison began to feel a tinge of arousal as she considered these things. "So what if I'm the class slut for a day?" She thought. She was still too ashamed to walk out and let her classmates see her like that, however.
"What if I - maybe I could, like - wear a jacket over it, and if I get uncomfortable, I could just pull it closed and cover up?" She said out loud as she pulled a long tan tunic-like cardigan from her closet. "I mean, I would make myself leave it open on the way to and from class." She put it on and looked in the mirror. It certainly looked a lot less slutty with only a little bit of the middle of her stomach out instead of exposed skin all the way around. And certainly Madison had seen other girls dress like that and go to class as recently as the week before.
"But is this slutty enough?" She said to the mirror as she looked. "I mean, if I want to look like - like, a little bit of a slut..." she thought out loud. "I would have to force myself to keep it open the whole time - or, like - I wont feel anything." It was at that moment that Madison picked up on the implication of what she had said, "won't feel anything" - she wanted to look a certain way because it aroused her knowing that she looked like a slut.
"No, this isn't going to work," she said with a sigh. She took the cardigan off and threw it on the bed. Madison was torn inside. On one hand, she wanted to go to class and let it all hang out, bend, twist, and watch as the guys stared and girls gave her disgusting looks, and then she wanted to hurry back to her apartment and masturbate to her own whorish ways, including, of course, the events from over the weekend. But she was also ashamed of wanting it and embarrassed to act like she did, at least in front of her classmates and professors.
"No. No," she said as she faced the mirror again. "You are a slut. You just spent the whole weekend proving that to the whole world on the internet. And you need to force yourself to act like it now, too. You know how much you need this. This is the whole idea! Exposure. Embarrassment. Shame," she said to her reflection. But how was she going to force herself to get over her hang ups?
"But - like - nooo," she said as she put on a pouty face and looked at herself again. "I like - I can't do this!" She sighed. "I like - I don't know, do I, like - really want this?" Somewhere in the back of her head, a voice - her voice - spoke to her. "Whether you want it or not, you know you need this. This isn't about what you want, this is about what you are. Do it, slut." Madison sighed again. "But, like..." she trailed off as she walked to the other side of the room.
As she paced in her bedroom, Madison came to the realization that she was stuck in a sort of personal purgatory. She was too horny to cover up and not aroused enough to let it hang out. She realized that she needed to either calm down, rationalize, and cover up, or bring herself to a state of arousal where she didn't want to any longer.
Madison walked over to the mirror again. "Which will it be?" She wondered. She had only a few more minutes before she had to leave. She mindlessly looked at her phone, and couldn't help but flip to her photos, and seeing the raunchy, filthy pictures she had taken of herself, her path was set. She just needed to get a little more aroused.
All of the sudden Madison had an idea. She opened up the camera on her phone and turned it toward herself and started recording.
"Hi, umm, I'm Madison Holt, and like, I'm getting ready to go to school. I have been, like, really horny all weekend," she said. "And I, I need to go to class. But I kind of have a problem. I like - even though I've done a lot worse on he internet, I like - I'm really embarrassed to wear this to class. I've like, never - worn anything this, like - slutty - to school. Just to the mall, the club - places where people don't know me or where they expect it out of anyone."
"So, umm," Madison said before swallowing out of nervousness. "I need to like, make myself wear this. Because I know I need to get over - get over being ashamed and just be the slut I am. I know if I make myself, like - turned on - I will want the shame because it just - it turns me on even more. And you - you get to watch me - watch me make myself wear this."
Madison placed her phone on her desk and faced the mirror, checking to make sure she was still in sight of the camera. She first placed her hands on the mirror, high and to the sides as she looked at her body. Then, she started to hang her head in shame as she spoke. "I'm a slut," she said. "I deserve to look like the slut I am,"
She turned to the camera. "This isn't working," she said. I just - like - I'm not sure if I want my classmates and my professor to see this much of me, like - I know they could find me on the internet but - I like - they're going to see me as nothing but a slut if I wear this!"
Madison turned back to the mirror. She raised her right hand to the side of her face and, before she could stop herself, gave herself a hard slap to the cheek. "You're a slut," she said. "A filthy, exposed, humiliated slut." She slapped herself again.
"I don't deserve a choice. I'm a slut." She slapped herself even harder this time. "I deserve to be made to dress like one. I have to look like a dirty whore." She slapped herself again. "Maybe I will unbutton my jeans and walk around campus like that," she said before slapping herself again.
Tears were welling up in her eyes as a result of the slaps. If she hadn't felt the humiliation before, she definitely felt it now. Reaching down, she unbuttoned her jeans before facing the camera. She didn't unzip them, and her panties couldn't be seen, but they were unbuttoned.
"See, this is what I get when I don't dress slutty enough. I get humiliated and then I get turned on and then I want to look like a slut. And if anybody sees me wearing this today, please, like - just - let me know you saw me here. Please let me know you know who I am."
Madison picked up the phone and held it at a distance with her left hand as she slapped herself three more times. "God, that makes me feel like a slut," she said. "And like - I have no idea why, but I kind of like - like it."
"I like showing all of you what I really am," she said. "And I want to show you a little more before I get to class, but I have to leave so I - like - I think I'll show you on the way."
Madison grabbed her bag and headed out the door with the camera still rolling. With her bag in one hand and phone in the other, she closed the door behind her. Her bag swayed at her left side as she briskly walked toward campus. It was a leather bag, the kind professional women carry to work, rather than a backpack or a purse.
"I'm a slut. I'm webslut Madison Holt. Don't forget. I'm in this for the humiliation," she said after checking to see that nobody was within earshot. "And walking to class with my jeans unbuttoned - I, like, definitely feel humiliated." She turned the camera down and held it close to her stomach, capturing her pierced navel and undone jeans in all their glory, before holding the phone at a distance as she came to a busy intersection at the edge of campus.
"I'd slap myself again if my hands weren't full," she explained to the camera. "Maybe I will, like - do something else instead," she said seductively before grinning. "Do you dare me to cross this busy street with my jeans totally unzipped and my red panties out? Hmmm?"
"Damn, that one's tough," she said, laughing. "Umm, but, like, my classmates might see!" She protested to the camera as if it were some guy daring her to do what she had suggested.
"What's that? I'm a slut? Did you just tell me I'm a slut? Hmmm, well, you know how much I love that," she admitted. "I guess - like - I guess I have to, since I'm a slut and all." Madison held the phone with her right hand while she looked around to make sure nobody was watching - or worse - someone she knew was around.
Cars whizzed by - with people in them that Madison did not know, at least she hoped - as she reached her left hand, still holding her bag, to her zipper, and slowly, seductively lowered the small piece of metal as far is it would go, capturing it all close up on the camera.
A car honked as Madison walked across the street. She was too embarrassed to look at the car stopped immediately to her left as she walked, the top of her panties visible between the left and right portions of her obviously unzipped jeans. Her face reddened and she turned the camera toward the car to catch the reaction of its occupants. It would not be until later that she would discover two guys, who she thankfully did not know, ogling her and pointing as she strutted her slutty self across the street, aroused as ever.
"Okay, that was hot. Embarrassing, but fucking hot," Madison said to the camera as she reached the other side of the street. All of the sudden she stopped, turned to face traffic, and said, "I just love - like - being seen. You know, looking like this. Am I a good slut?" She waited several seconds, giving several passers-by the chance to look, before taking a deep breath and zipping her jeans back up, still leaving the button undone.
Madison walked toward her class. She was running a little late at this point, so there weren't too many people out. She walked for a minute or so before passing a couple, a guy and a girl. "Oh my god, did you see that?" The guy remarked after they passed but before they were out of earshot. "Oh my god, like, fuck yeah, I look like such a slut," Madison remarked mockingly to the camera as soon as they were out of earshot.
"Um, excuse me," Madison heard someone say only a few seconds later. "Um, I just want to let you know - your jeans are unbuttoned." It was a bookish blonde girl, decent body but not much to look at.
"Oh! Thanks! Oh my god, that would have been so embarrassing if I walked into class like this!" Madison exclaimed, feigning ignorance of the situation.
"No problem," the girl replied. Madison quickly turned around and pretended to button her jeans as she continued toward her class, but the camera, still rolling, clearly showed that she had left the button undone.
"Oh my god, that was so fucking humiliating," Madison said as soon as she was out of earshot. "I feel like such a whore right now." Yet there she was, making no effort to button her jeans. "I'm just too - I - I'm almost to class, but I don't want to go yet," Madison explained. She stopped as she came to a tree and some bushes and turned her back to them so she could be fairly certain, but by no means completely assured, that nobody could see her from behind.
Her shame had gotten the better of her. Yes, she was embarrassed - embarrassed to have unzipped her jeans and walked across a busy street, and embarrassed to walk across campus with her jeans unbuttoned, even though it didn't provide much of a show. No, combined with her exposed midriff, it certainly looked as if she wanted to be looked at, wanted the attention, wanted to show that she was a slut.
And she felt like a slut too - she felt like anyone who saw her would think she was a cheap, easy slut ready to put out for any horny guy she came across. Yes, she was embarrassed by this, but her embarrassment only made her more aroused.
Madison looked around for a moment, checking to see if anyone was watching her. Satisfied, she slapped herself five times in the face. "I just wanted to slap myself and maybe show off a little first," she explained. "Maybe go to class with red cheeks or a handprint on my face. Would you like that?" She asked the camera.
Slowly, Madison raised her sweater, teasing, grabbing her bra as she went until her tits were completely exposed. "What if I - what if I touch myself first?" With the camera still rolling, Madison leaned her face toward the phone and gently massaged her right nipple, now in plain view of anyone in front of her, while she held the phone before switching hands and massaging the other nipple.
She gave a seductive half-smile before leaning her head back and sighing, almost a soft moan, as she ran her right hand down her exposed midriff to her jeans, stopping to feel inside her navel along the way.
"God, I hope nobody can see me right now," she whispered, while wondering to herself what it would be like if someone were spying on her. "Although the thought does turn me on," she continued. She tilted the camera down as she unzipped her jeans again. In a matter of a couple seconds, the fabric parted as Madison dipped her fingers underneath her panties and moaned softly as they continued their journey to her pussy.
"Ohhh, I've never done anything like this," she said. "I've never fingered my pussy out in the open on campus before. My friends could see, my classmates, my professors - they could all be watching and see how much of a slut I am," she whispered to the camera. As she spoke these words, she slid her hand completely into her panties and first two, then three fingers inside her waiting, eager hole.
"Fuck yes," she whispered. "I'm going to tell you a secret - when I fuck myself, I fantasize about everybody - my friends, and even my professors - finding out about me - like, finding out what a slut I am and - like - how much I want to be exposed and - and humiliated, and degraded, and ohhh, fuck, I'm imagining they are all coming out right now standing around pointing at me. Ohhh yes," she continued.
"What if I closed my eyes," she whispered, and didn't open them again until I had an audience, like - not knowing who will be watching, and like - recording and like - I'd be the school slut and it turns me on so much," she said. While she spoke these words she actually closed her eyes and opened them back up at the end, tilting the camera up to her face again to capture it on video.
Slowly, Madison took her fingers out of her pussy and raised them to her mouth. She looked across the open space in front of her, and, partially to her delight and partially to her dismay, nobody was there. Slowly she forced all three fingers into her mouth at once, all the way in.
"Mmmm, I love the taste of pussy," she said a little louder than usual as she sucked her juices off her hand. She sat down, having been standing the whole time, and plunged her fingers back into her pussy. Briefly, she closed her eyes and was transported back to a land of fantasy where she was being watched by people she knew.
"Oh my god, Madison?" One of them said. "Who knew she was such a whore?" Another chimed in. "Yeah, I heard that slut actually took a bunch of filthy videos and pictures - like, really degrading ones - and posted them on the internet. Used her real name too. What a skank."
Madison opened her eyes just to look for a quick moment, and when she did so, she noticed a campus police officer across the open grassy area she was facing.
"Oh, shit!" She said out loud, whipping her fingers out of her pussy. "There's a fucking cop over there. God, I'm about to get busted, I hope he didn't see me. She dropped the phone and pulled her bra and top back into position before zipping her jeans, again neglecting to button them, picked up her phone and her bag, and scurrying away in the opposite direction.
"Damn, that was close," she said laughing when she was a safe distance away from the cop. "God, I - thank god he didn't see me. I mean, like - it would be hot to have to blow him to get out of getting arrested or something - but that's - that's probably not how that would go down in this day and age, no pun intended."
"And guess what?" She added. "Still haven't buttoned my jeans!" She laughed again as she reached the door to the building where her class was held.
Madison stopped by the door to her classroom. She looked around, making sure she was alone in the hallway. Smiling, she stopped, set her bag down, and lifted her top and bra up with her free hand, exposing her tits.
She then unzipped her jeans. "Hope I don't get caught," she whispered to the camera, "because I'll never be able to cover everything up in time if somebody comes around the corner. Or out the door. But I want to show you everything - like, everything - before I go to class - and then I'll be horny enough to show my classmates this outfit."
Madison pulled down her jeans. She moved the camera away from her body, showing that she was standing in the hallway with her jeans to her low thigh and her panties fully exposed. Her shirt was still pulled up and her tits were out too. She lightly stroked her pussy through her panties, moaning, before pulling those down too. Her pussy, tits, and ass were now open to the air in a school hallway.
Madison stroked her bare pussy before inserting three fingers. Her cunt was wet and sloppy as she moaned before pulling them out, licking them, and turning around. She set the phone down at one side of the hallway, capturing her as she knelt low to the ground, ass toward the phone, and forced her middle finger into her asshole.
"Fuck me," she said as she forced the finger in all the way before pulling it out. She turned around, face to the phone, and slapped herself hard five times on each side of her face.
Madison stood up, pulled up her panties, pulled up her jeans, zipped them, buttoned them, and readjusted her top and bra. "Okay," she said, "It's been great showing off for you, but I really have to get to class. Just remember, I'm Madison Holt, and I really want to be reposted, spread around, and made into the biggest webslut. So please, tell your friends."
With that, she turned the camera off and went into class. She did notice some of the guys staring at her, and even one of the girls, but was turned on enough that she found it arousing and wished she could show them more. She leaned forward to maximize the exposure to her back, and as she stood up to leave class, pretended to fix her hair in a way that nearly doubled the exposure to her midriff.
Of course Madison posted the video online as soon as she returned from class. And it wasn't long - maybe a couple of weeks - before Madison was recognized - sort of. She was checking out at at a warehouse store, and the cashier, probably about 25 years old, said "Hey, don't I know you from somewhere?"
"Maybe," said Madison, blushing. "But - you aren't just trying to hit on me, are you?"
"No, seriously, I know I've seen you somewhere. I just can't remember where."
"Probably - and if it is what I think it is, you'll remember - and you'll like it," she said.
"I'll like it?"
"Mm-hmm," Madison said. "Trust me, it's a good thing."
Suddenly, the guy's face lit up and he smiled. "Oh, I know where I've seen you!"
"No way! You just made my day, I have been - like, waiting for somebody to recognize me and now I - seriously, thank you. And I want to let you know that - all the stuff I said - it's all true,"
"Can I get a selfie with you?" He asked. After she obliged, she took her things and left the store, going directly home to masturbate.
Madison actually was able to masturbate almost continuously to her own exposure as she watched herself get reposted and spread around and read the nasty comments and things people were saying about her. She did a web search for "madison holt slut" and got dozens of results of her naked, but if the word "slut" was taken out, nothing.
It still kept her going, though. Nothing yet had made her truly regret her decision to be posted. In fact, she masturbated to both the reality of being exposed and the fantasy of being ruined almost daily. Over the three weeks or so after she first sent her video off to the internet, she did seem to notice that she gradually wasn't getting the rush she wanted out of it anymore. She wondered what she could do next - how could she make her exposure even more extreme? Little did she know, her world was about to change forever.