Thursday, May 9
Hi,
Just thought I'd update you on what's been happening. I did see my friend the mountain biker (turns out his name is Dan) as I had predicted. He was pretty disappointed that it had rained all weekend, too. I saw him today, and he told me he'd been looking for me since Monday. Seems he was anxious to see me again.
Today, I was running (as usual) and he was riding along beside me. I was wearing a specially modified pair of running shorts, one I had cut the nylon brief out of. I had to wear panties under them until I got to the trails (I didn't want anyone at work to know what a tease I'm becoming). Once I got to the trail though, I peeled my panties off and hid them in the bushes. And that was what I was wearing on this day when I ran into Dan. I was also wearing a white sports bra (the kind you often see women wearing when they are running).
Dan liked my outfit. He caught up to me from behind and once he reached me he made sure to tell me that he had had a clear view of my ass for the last couple of hundred yards. I just had to stop and show him what else was uncovered. I told him to stop for a minute and I ran a little ways ahead.
Then I turned toward him and pulled up the front of my shorts, bareing my pussy to him and walked back toward him. He whistled and I thanked him for the compliment. I turned and started to run away. Of course he followed me and once he caught up he told me what a pretty pussy I had. He also asked me when I was going to let him fuck me.
I reminded him that that was off limits and he told me that I was cruel. Well, maybe I was, but this was my show, not his. Running next to him I had mixed feelings. It was kind of thrilling having this strange guy there, aware of how little stood between him and my naked body, but on the other hand, it was nothing new. I mean, he had already seen me naked! I wanted a new thrill and I felt like Dan was keeping me from it. Basically, I wanted to get rid of him, so I could be alone. I told him that I would make a deal with him. It was supposed to be a nice weekend, so I told him to meet me on the trail on Saturday and to bring his friends. Then I told him, that for now, he would have to leave. Well, he didn't want to go, so I made him another deal. I told him that I would give him a blow job on Saturday if he would leave me alone today. Well, that was all it took, Dan said goodby and turned to ride off down the trail.
After he left, I pulled my sports bra over my head and continued to run. The further I went, the more daring I felt and after just a couple of minutes, I stopped and peeled off my running shorts. Then, telling myself I would be cheating if I carried my clothes, I hid my shorts and bra (I did hide them this time) and headed off down the trail in just my shoes and socks.
I decided to vary my route a little by taking an intersecting trail. On this new trail, the foliage was a little more dense, it was a little twistier and it was a single track, so there was more cover. However, it did come fairly close to a rural neighborhood. I figured if I did see anyone, with the thick foliage, I'd be able to duck out of sight pretty easily (after I was sure they saw me, of course). There is one part of the trail that runs right next to someone's backyard. I mean, it's a big back yard; the house is still over a hundred feet from the trail.
Anyway, when I got to that part of the trail, I was surprised to see a woman sunning herself in her backyard. Well, I just kept running. I can't honestly say whether I wanted her to look up or not, but she did. Her mouth dropped open when she saw me and I gave her a little wave as the trail carried me from her view. It was kind of fun and it gave me a thrill to be seen by someone new. It was almost better that it was a woman. I mean, it was safer. A woman wouldn't be likely to pursue me like a man would.
Anyway, I ran on in my shoes and socks, feeling pretty pleased with myself. I found myself fantasizing about what it would be like to have approached her. I have never been with another woman, but I can't say I have never thought about it. In college, I saw my roommate in a 69 with another girl one night and I've never been able to get that image out of my mind. Fortunately (or maybe unfortunately) my roommate didn't see me, so the issue never came up. But now, I caught myself thinking about doing it with the woman I'd just seen. As you might have guessed, this made me even hornier.
I found myself back to the trail that I'd ditched my clothes on, so I turned onto it and started back toward work. I didn't see anyone else by the time I got to my clothes and I must say I was a little disappointed. Anyway, I put my clothes back on and headed back towards work. I was still pretty horny, so I decided to stop and masturbate. I stopped running just before I got back to the road and found a place out of the way where I could stand and still see the occasional car driving by. Then I got naked and started to play with myself. It was fun to be so close to the road, doing what I was doing! I eventually brought myself to orgasm and after resting a little, I put my clothes back on and headed down the road towards work.
Well, I had run a couple hundred yards when a car went by and the driver honked and waved. Then I realized that I hadn't put my panties back on. Well, I turned around quickly and headed for the trail where I had stashed them. I was almost there when I heard a car come up from behind. As it went by, I saw that it was Bob, a guy I worked with. He smiled and waved as he drove by, and I waved back. What bad timing! I had just about reached the trail when he passed me, so I now turned onto it and in less than a minute, I was to the spot where I'd hidden my panties. I was sure that Bob had been able to see my bare ass. I only hoped that he wouldn't tell anyone. I've known Bob for several years, and he's always impressed me as being a nice guy, and not judgmental. Anyway, I put my panties on and ran back to work.
Once back at work, I was faced with a problem. It was likely that Bob wouldn't tell anyone, but I couldn't be sure. Eventually, I decided that I should talk to him, plead with him not to tell anyone. So, I waited for him to get back from lunch. At about 3:00 I went to see him in his office. He was his usual friendly self and he invited me in and asked me to sit down. Then he smiled broadly and asked me how I had enjoyed my run. I told him that it had been fun, but hot and then asked if I could talk to him after work. He said that he would be happy to and that he would swing by my office on his way out at 5:00.
Well, it seemed to take forever for five to arrive, but when it finally did, there was Bob at my door. I grabbed my stuff and we walked out to our cars together. When we got to my car, I told him that I was afraid that he may have seen something earlier and that I didn't want him to get the wrong idea. I really hoped he hadn't told anyone about it. Bob told me that he had indeed seen something, but that he certainly hadn't told anyone. Then I asked him to promise me that he would never tell anyone. Well, I should have expected what came next. He said that he would be happy to keep my secret if he could join me on an occasional run with me wearing the same outfit, of course! I really didn't have much choice, so I agreed.
So, tomorrow I will be running with Bob. I'm sure I'm eventually going to have to fuck him to keep him quiet. If it weren't for the unfaithfulness issue, I really wouldn't mind. Bob is good looking and has a pretty nice body, so I imagine it will be fun, but I know I'll feel guilty about it. What do you think? Should I feel guilty? I mean, it really is pretty unavoidable.
Let me know what you think - but I suppose by the time I read your comments, I'll have already fucked him.
Bobbi