I slept like a baby all night. At dawn I am laying on my back, still in that wonderful state of half-awake bliss and I was dreaming about last night's pleasure when I realized I had a morning hard-on, something I hadn't experienced in a while. With my eyes still closed, I reach down to check it out but instead I feel the soft skin of my sister's back and I realize it's her sucking that has gotten me hard when I was still asleep.
I feel like I've died and gone to heaven. I keep my eyes closed and let Sissy do her thing as I gently massage her soft skin. She ever-so-slowly moves her head up and down on my cock. I'm slowly growing longer and harder and each stroke of her head gets longer as she takes more of me in. On the up stroke, she sucks, and then tickles the tip of my cock with her tongue before heading back down again. On the down stroke I can feel the back of her throat as she forces her head down to take me all in. "Where did she learn to do this?" I think to myself.
She's now kneeling up next to me and her saliva is running down my cock and balls. I pull her leg toward me, and she immediately responds by straddling my head without taking her mouth off my cock. I'm staring at her beautiful, moist pussy. I pull her closer to my face and inhale. She smells musky from the night before, but it doesn't stop me from wanting to taste her.
I spread her open and my tongue easily slips in as I taste her juices that are already running down my face. It's mostly her scent but I can also taste a hint of my own cum from the night before. She spreads her knees a bit wider and presses down on my face as I push my tongue in as far as I can.
Sissy is deep throating me now like I've never experienced. I can feel her throat wrap tightly around the tip of my cock as she holds the position before pulling back to catch her breath. At the same time, she's pressing down harder on my face as I try to get my tongue deeper and deeper into her.
I can tell she's getting close to cumming, but I have to lift her off my face to catch my breath for just a few seconds before pulling her back down to dig in further. I hear her do the same on my cock before working her head down, taking me in her throat even more.
A few seconds later I can feel her convulsions start as her full weight is now on my face. This would be a great way to die, but I now have the most incredible reason to live, so I lift her off my face as I simultaneously start gulping air and shooting my load down her throat.
She pulls me out of her mouth and inhales loudly before her whole body starts to violently shake in orgasm. I watch her pussy pulsing as her dripping suddenly turns into a gush of juices onto my face, neck and chest.
We are both panting as she collapses onto me, and my arms fall to my sides as exhaustion consumes our bodies. We lay motionless and quiet, except for the sound of our panting, until we catch our breath.
I'm covered in sister's juices and so are the bed sheets around my head. I lick my lips and taste her. My cock twitches. Sissy finally lifts herself off me and turns to face me. Her face is covered in cum and juices are dripping from the corner of her mouth. We stared at each other for a moment before we both burst into laughter. She leans forward and kisses me.
I gently take hold of her head and lift her away so I can stare into her eyes. A broad smile of deep satisfaction and love spread across both of our faces. I realize that I have not been this happy in years."
"I think we need to get cleaned up, we're both quite a mess," she says, as she climbs out of bed.
"Let's start with a shower together," I suggest as we both head for my bathroom.
After our shower we stripped the bed and did laundry before sitting down to breakfast on the lanai. We then spent the day in our regular routine of activities and relaxed with some TV that evening before I headed to bed.
The next day was the same routine and when we sat down to dinner Sissy suggested we have open a bottle of wine. I had been quiet and pensive the whole day and she finally asked me what was going on, had we gone too far?
I was embarrassed and felt guilty for the way I had been acting and I apologized and told her I had been thinking about something and needed to give it a lot of thought before asking her a question. And I'm afraid you're going to think it's too weird. This, of course, made her nervous so I just blurted it out: "I want you to move in with me."
She looked a little stunned and said, "I don't get it, I've been living with you for months now. What do you mean 'move in'?"
"I want you to move into my room, to share my bed, my bathroom, my life. I want to be husband and wife." I said nervously.
She just stared at me for what seemed like an eternity, then finally, a smile began to spread slowly across her face. "Yes, I would love to do that," she said, before leaning over to me and kissing me.
She sat back and took a sip of her wine, and I watched her as her smile turned into laughter. As her laughter grew, I started getting nervous again until she caught her breath and said, "All this time I thought you were upset because I pissed in your face."
"Actually, I can't stop replaying that entire morning, and I have never had such an awesome experience in my entire life," I replied.
"Let's clean up dinner, grab another bottle of wine, and head to the spa and I will tell you about my sex life with my husband," she said.
Relaxing in the spa, she began her story. "As you know, I was only married to Sam for about five years. I filed for divorce when I finally decided I could take his abuse anymore. It was verbal and psychological abuse. It would have ended sooner if it had turned physical but he never hit me or hurt my physically.
For the first year or so of the marriage we got along great and we had a great sex life. I loved sex and was always horny. We did everything and tried every position possible. It was great and we both enjoyed it. Until he got involved in with this crazy religious group that started telling how sex was the work of the devil.
Eventually convincing him that the devil had taken possession of me. For the next four years he berated me and made me feel like a complete piece of shit.
I tried to make him happy by dressing more conservatively and being a 'good wife'. We basically gave up sex completely but I was still horny all the time. I would masturbate a few times a week to take the edge off but I kept sinking further into depression. Finally, in an effort to save what was left of my life, I filed for divorce and left him. Then I spent the next several years in therapy."
"Wow! I had no idea. I'm so sorry Sissy," I said in complete shock.
After a few minutes, she continued, "When you invited me down here, and I spent the first few weeks with you, I felt better than I have felt since my first year of marriage, before Sam went crazy on me. And when you told me how conservative and uptight I was, I decided then it was time to take back what I had enjoyed so much back then. It took me a while to get comfortable but, with your gentle approach, I started to feel more and more comfortable with myself, my body and my sexual desires. You have given me back my life."
I moved closer to her in the spa, stared into her eyes as we moved into a deep kiss that lasted for several minutes. I could feel her completely relax in my arms as I did that same. That night my sister climbed into bed with me and we held each other tenderly and lovingly until we were both asleep. The next morning, I awoke with one thought in my head: let the fun and games begin!
We started our day as we usually do and, at breakfast, we recommitted ourselves to our exercises and activities. An hour later we were in the living room, naked and ready to go. Soon she was doing squats over my face, bringing her open pussy within an inch or two of my tongue. She really knows how to tease. But with all the playing, we also managed to get some actual stretching and toning exercises done.
Next, we got dressed for a walk around the neighborhood. Sissy put on a loose sleeveless top with no bra under, and pink gym shorts. I was enjoying watching her walk in front of me as she teased and flaunted herself as much as she could without making a scene.
The day went by fast and before we knew it, we were having dinner, followed by a relaxing trip to the spa. It was a beautifully clear and warm night and I had turned off all the lights in the house before we headed out so we could see the stars and everything around us in the darkness. It was getting late so most of the activity on the water and neighboring homes had ended.
The spa is big enough for eight people so it's easy to move around with only two. The edge is a wide seat, raised about 18 inches above the pool deck, then there's an inside lower seat that wraps around three sides. The bottom is another 18 inches below the lower seat. The fourth side spills over into the pool. It really feels like a small swimming pool but with jets and nice hot water.
We were being playful in the water, teasing each other, biting or pinching a nipple here or there, touching and enjoying each other's body. I stood up in the water and my cock was hard and right at the same level as Sissy's mouth. She leaned forward on the seat and took me in her mouth as I reached down and played with her titties.
She reached up and pinched and twisted my nipples as I did the same to her. I started moving my hips back and forth, fucking her mouth as she began to moan. I knew too much of this would make me cum too soon, so I backed away and pulled out of her mouth. She responded by standing up in front of me in spa.
When we stand face to face, my sister's mouth is exactly at the height of my nipples. She moved closer to me, reached behind me, and pulled me close as she started nibbling on my right nipple, then my left. My cock was twitching against her stomach, and I was loving the pain/pleasure of her biting.
I reached down and grabbed the back of her thighs to lift her up to me and she wrapped her legs around my waist. We locked our mouths in a deep kiss as I stood in the water, my cock still bobbing below her ass, when we heard some hoots from a boat that was passing by in the canal. We broke off our kiss and waved to the boat without any attempt to hide our exhibitionist act. They responded with more hoots and applause. We figured it was all innocent fun.
Now, even hornier from our premiere exhibitionist act, I lowered Sissy onto the seat that surrounded the top of the spa and knelt down in the water in front of her as she spread her legs open for me. I dove in tongue first and went to work on her clit. Soon it was throbbing and the water from the spa was replaced with the fluids dripping from her pussy. She tasted so good. I reached up with both hands and started pinching and twisting her nipples.
When she had taken all the licking she could, she pushed my head away and quickly spread a towel for padding and adjusted herself so she was laying on the top seat. I was able to place one foot on the floor outside the spa and the other on the lower seat inside the spa. From this position I was straddling the top of the spa and was able to line up and plunge deep into her.
I started slowly, in and out, as she laid back and I could feel her relax and take it all in. I was able to hold each side of the top ledge that Sissy was laying on so I was comfortable enough to go forever. I slowly fucked my sister. I could feel her juices flowing around my cock. I loved how wet she got; she clearly was in heaven.
We went on for several minutes fucking like this. Sissy reached up and started pinching and twisting my nipples, so I did the same to hers. It was like a competition to see who could torture the other the best, as we built to orgasm. Finally, we both erupted at the same time into incredible orgasms while we did our best to muffle the screams and groans.
Just as we were catching our breath, we heard soft clapping and cheers from out on the water. We looked and saw that the boat from earlier had quietly come back and apparently had watched our entire performance from about 50 feet away.
It was a luxury pontoon boat, and we could see two couples who looked to be about our age. One of the men quietly said, "We hope you don't mind, but we couldn't resist watching. You guys are awesome. Thanks for the show!."
We relaxed and soaked in the spa for a while before heading to our shared bed and a great night's sleep.