Allow me to retcon the epilogue from the previous story. Instead of it taking place 3 years later, it will instead be 2 years later. Trying to fit this story over 3 years was too much. I didn't plan to write a sequel at the time and I kind of wrote myself into a corner. With that out of the way...
All characters in this story are over the age of eighteen.
===================
'Good morning, #1375.'
Jodie opened the pen gate to find Melissa already sitting up and waiting for her. She pulled desperately at her teats, trying to milk herself. She had managed to get some droplets to leak.
'Are you that full girl? Come on.'
Melissa happily padded behind Jodie toward the milking machine. Before putting her onto it, Jodie felt her breasts.
'They're firm! You sure do fill up fast overnight. Maybe you were born for this.'
She mulled those words over silently as she pulled Melissa onto the milking frame and secured the pumps over her long teats. It had only been a month ago when this girl had blurted out in the middle of her shift that she wanted to become livestock here. It hadn't been the first time an employee had wanted to join the livestock, mindlessly mating and milking for the rest of their lives. It was a disappointment for Jodie when she had asked. She thought that this girl had more fortitude than that. At the time, she had rushed her off to fill out the forms and get her processed, not wanting to argue with another silly girl allured at the thought of being treated like livestock, but she now wished she had picked her brains a bit.
What type of girl was seduced by this lifestyle? She had barely known anything about Melissa. Had she been promiscuous? Was she such a horny girl that being around breeding hucows made her want to join in? Or had she been a sheltered girl to whom livestock doing it was the most she had ever seen?
Either way, it didn't matter anymore. She was no longer Melissa. She was #1375 now. Another hucow at this milk farm. A bred hucow after her mating a few weeks ago.
'Did you enjoy your breeding the other week?'
#1375 just moaned as the pumps pulled on her teats.
'Well, I'm sure you remember that once they've been successfully bred, we can't let hucows mate with the bulls. That big cock of theirs will damage the baby, spearing into your womb like it does. So, unfortunately, you're onto the rod until your next breeding.'
She stood up and brought something bollard shaped into the pen. Attached to one side was a fat dildo. They couldn't give the hucows anything as long as a bull's cock, but they could give them something as thick, if not thicker. It was so big, Jodie couldn't even wrap both of her hands around it, but the hucows loved it. She positioned it behind #1375 and lined it up. She gave her pussy a few rubs to get her ready.
One of the first things she had noticed the day that Melissa was led out on a leash was that she was fully shaven down there. It was funny the things her mind chose to pay attention to. Whenever she processed a woman to become a hucow, she always tried to predict if she would be shaven or natural down there. Melissa didn't seem the type to be the former, but she had been proven wrong. However, after a month of being a hucow, her pubic hair had grown back in. She looked more like proper livestock now. They never looked quite right without a hairy pussy.
#1375's juices clung to her hair, matting it around her flushed, red lips. She moved the dildo forward until the tip met the entrance of her pussy. It took a few pokes before something in her slow, hucow brain registered it and she pushed her hips back, spearing herself on the fat dildo.
Jodie steadied the bollard as #1375 began forcing her weight back onto it, pushing as much of the fat dildo into her pussy as she could. Her moans grew louder and more guttural as she satiated that primal need heightened by her hucow hormones. Jodie was reminded for a moment of how Melissa had so brazenly rubbed her pussy in front of her while begging to be made a hucow. Her eyes had been full of such wild desire then.
'I guess you never had much shame, did you?'
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Melissa woke to the morning sun. She rolled onto her side, the weight of her breasts falling onto the hay beside her. Heavy. Need be milked.
She slid her thigh over as she adjusted her hips. A little pop in her brain went off as something felt good. She moved her leg back again. Another pop of good. She did it again, and again, until her hand sought it out.
Her fingers found her pussy and explored around, finding the areas that felt best. She lifted her leg as she tried to plunge her hand inside. Feels good. Feels good. The need to be milked left her mind, replaced by something even better. But she couldn't quite get the right angle.
Her arm rubbed against her belly. Big belly. Big belly in way! She tried to reach further toward her needy pussy, but couldn't.
Her pen gate opened and someone stepped inside. Pussy. Pussy, good! Her hand still worked between her legs, making wet schlicks.
They said something, though her brain couldn't comprehend the words. Pussy! Good!
The person who entered pulled her hand away and replaced it with their own. Her eyes rolled back into her head and this new hand slid inside her, satisfying her burning need. Her own hand rested against her huge belly, still wet. Her small mind couldn't comprehend how much time had passed since she became a hucow. Every day had just been a string of base instincts being satisfied until she fell asleep that night. Over the months her belly had swelled after her successful breeding. Long gone were her days as a human. Now with her nine-month pregnant belly matching the size of her huge, milk filled breasts, she looked like a proper breeding hucow.
The hand pulled itself out of her wet pussy and she was rolled onto her hands and knees. For the first time her mind registered that there was someone in her pen. It was the lady worker she liked! She walked away and Melissa padded after her. She wanted to be close to her. She made her pussy feel good!
She was lifted and lowered onto a frame that rested just under her breasts, above her big belly. Something was strapped over her back. She looked around, confused. A sensation came to her teats as something was put over them. She liked her teats. They were so long and felt so good. She felt proud of them.
A whirring sound suddenly started and her teats exploded with pleasure. She couldn't keep any focus, drifting between waves of pleasure. Dots of tiny pleasure. So many dots. All being pulled from within her breasts, out her teats.
A loud moan suddenly fell from her lips, spilling out with little control like the pleasure from her teats. Her voice was a mystical thing that she couldn't understand. She wasn't like the workers who could make all kinds of sounds from their mouths. But it didn't matter. She liked this sound as it came with such a great feeling. She just wanted to be milked and moan like this forever.
She suddenly noticed something pressing against her pussy. It was big. She felt a rising urge build within her as it rubbed up and down her pussy lips. An important and familiar urge! She felt smart to have recognised it. Mating! Her pussy burned as she recognised the urge. She pushed her hips back, feeling the object bounce off her ass until it finally hit home. She melted as it speared into her, stretching the walls of her pussy around its girth.
Mating! Mating! Breeding! She was a good hucow! She thrust back as hard as she could, driven wild at the thought of being bred. Breeding! Breeding! She wanted so desperately to be bred by this bull fucking her. Her heavily pregnant belly slapped against her thighs on each thrust as she obliviously drove to be bred by the dildo.
Her breasts jostled against the frame as the strap held her in place. She once more became lost to the pleasure, her mind filled with dopamine as she did what she thought a good hucow should do.
After she had fucked herself to multiple orgasms, the haze of her lust began to clear as she rested on the milking frame. Bred... Bred... The large pressure in her womb told her that she had been bred well. Her pussy still twitched around the fat dildo lodged inside her. A hand grabbed her ass and she felt the object slide from within her, leaving a lonely, empty space as her gaping pussy slowly puckered back up.
The whirring stopped and the objects were removed from her teats. The cool air tickled them, sending a shiver down her at how sensitive they were. A click came from behind her back and she was pulled out of the milking frame and back onto all fours. A pop of pleasure hit her as her heavy breasts squished her teats into the ground, though it was a sharper pop of pleasure than the one before.
She padded over to the corner on shaky thighs before squatting down and letting urine drip down from her swollen pussy lips. The lady worker watched her as she peed, holding something in her hands. She reached down and rubbed her lips as the urine let out. She didn't mind that it dripped over her fingers, it felt good. Her pussy was still sensitive.
After she finished a collar was put around her neck. A tug from the lead made it dig in until she turned to follow the lady worked.
Her teats sent little pops of pleasure up her with each step as they dragged along. Her breasts were big enough to touch the ground. She was proud of them.
She padded on all fours behind the lady worker, past other workers. Her long, curly hair fell down her neck tickling her breasts as they swung into the strands. Different smells met her as they walked. Some were smells like her, others muskier.
As they turned a corner, a bull on a leash came into view. Her heart leapt as she saw it. That familiar burning within her returning. The collar dug into her neck, but she still turned to point her ass at the bull. She spread her knees as wide as they would go, hoping that he would see her needy pussy, ready to be bred. The collar pulled hard against her neck again as the workers made loud noises. She peered over her should and grew excited to see the bull straining to get to her.
One more pull on her collar unbalanced her and she padded along behind the lady worker, trying to see where the bull had gone. Her heart slowed from its rapid beating as she could no longer see the bull anywhere.
She suddenly felt a soft prickliness under her hands and knees as sunlight warmed her naked skin. The lady worker led her through a gate and reached around her neck before a click sounded. A hand slapped her ass and she padded ahead before exploring the grass. Another hucow padded over to her and she followed her, led by the familiar smell.
Jodie leant against the wooden fence and watched.
#1375 padded after the other hucow with glee. Her pussy was still gaping a bit from the rod this morning. She and the other hucow rubbed against each other playfully.
'Dominant or submissive...?' Jodie wondered under her breath as she watched the two play.
They both stopped and #1375 reached out a tentative hand to caress the breast of the other hucow. She dropped her shoulders and suckled the teat of the other hucow into her mouth. The hucow tilted her head back and closed her eyes as #1375 drank from her.
'Submissive. I should have guessed.'
'I didn't expect to find you out here.'
Jodie turned to see Daryl, the other half to Sydeny's antics, approaching her.
'I'm surprised you're not timing the bulls again.'
'Not today. Although I heard that #988 had his fastest time when breeding Melissa.'
'#1375. She's #1375 now.'
'Oh, yeah, you're right. Sorry boss.'
#1375 let the other hucow's teat fall from her mouth and they began to playfully roll around in the grass. They tumbled until #1375's face found itself right up against the other's pussy. She hesitated a bit before beginning to lick it, lapping up the juices of the other hucow. She really was the submissive one. Jodie felt a little insulted. Why couldn't her former trainee have exhibited dominant hucow personality traits?
'It's fine, but it's been almost a year. You should be up to speed by now.'
'Well, you know. It's just that Mel- I mean #1375 is a special case.'
'Then un-make her a special case. She's just like any of the other livestock now.'
She turned to leave.
'Keep an eye on them while I go get a coffee.'
'Wait, before you go, I came looking for you. You have a client.'
'A client?'
'Yeah, some rich guy waiting in your office.'
She thought for a moment before realising.'
'Oh... Fine, take over for me here. Once they've had some exercise, bring them in and feed them.'
'Will do, boss.'
She left him in the paddock and headed toward the offices, already soured to the experience ahead.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
A man in an expensive suit waited in her office as Jodie opened the door. She sighed.
'Good morning, mr. Langley.'
He turned as she entered, a big smile on his face.
'Ah, good morning. I was hoping you'd be working today.'
'And what can we do for you today?'
He stepped to the side and motioned to a beautiful, petite woman sitting behind him. She looked like a runway model. Far prettier than Jodie could ever hope to look.
Mr Langley continued. 'We've just spent a wonderful honeymoon together in the Mediterranean. Yachting. Dining. Taking in the sights. Oh, you should see some of the villas down there. Magnificent! We had our wedding ceremony in a private one. You should have seen the sunset over the water...'
'You don't say. Now this was about?'
'...And we found ourselves talking about many things. Some of which I won't repeat here. You don't need to know those details.'
If only she could be so lucky.
'But Tiffani and I were discussing... well, just how much she loves me. So much so that she wants to serve me unquestioningly. A true expression of love.'
Jodie raised an eyebrow. 'Oh?'
Tiffani stood up and hurried over to Jodie. She was even more overwhelming up close.
'This isn't some rushed thing. Like, we've been talking about it all the way home. I want nothing more than to be his pet hucow. It sounds so wonderful! Doesn't it?'
Jodie leant away from her as she gushed about what she thought of as "wonderful". She wasn't sure how to deal with such enthusiasm over this. Most clients were at least nervous about what they were signing up to. No matter the age, promiscuity or even the number of past pregnancies, Jodie could always see the weight of the decision to become breeding livestock affect the woman. Not so much here. Though if she was going to be kept as a pet, then she might never be bred. One question still bothered her, though.
'Uh, well... Sorry, I have to ask... I mean, you could be a model. Why choose this instead?'
Mr Langley pulled his wife close to his side. 'She's been there and done that. How do you think I found her? No, she's looking for something new. Something less stressful.'
'I could still be a hucow model too. It's the best of both worlds.'
Mr Langley grinned. 'The most beautiful hucow model there could be! With big hucow tits on you, you'd look divine!'
Tiffani turned her attention back to Jodie. 'So where do I sign?'
'uh...'
Jodie hesitated for a moment before fetching the paperwork from her desk draw. The thought that he might be coaching this woman hung on her mind. She didn't appear coerced, but she wasn't sure. As she went over the legal clauses with her, the only conclusion that seemed to be apparent was that she was happy to do this. It seemed outlandish to her, though the decision of the girls who came through here to become livestock was equally as outlandish to her.
It was rarer, but they did occasionally get girls wanting to become pets. They would be processed at the milk farm's clinic before being licensed to a pet store. It was only young girls, though. Older women who came in always opted for the breeding livestock option. Just some of the odd trends you pick up on when working at a place like this.
She flipped through the paperwork until she found the right spot.
'Okay, now we just need to fill out who the ownership of the hucow will be transferred to. I assume that will be you?'
Mr Langley grinned and reached for the papers. Jodie started to point out where to sign before he waved her away.
'Don't worry. I know my way around these papers. I wrote half of them.'
His pen flew across the pages, making scribbles here and there.
'We do keep updating them.'
'Why should you? My team made them airtight. Not that it really matters. Give any of those cows you have down there the choice between getting milked right now or sitting through a lengthy legal battle and they'll pick the former. Hell, throw in one of them, what do you call them? Bulls. Yeah, throw in one of them and it's a done deal.'
He twirled the pen in his fingers and pushed the papers toward his wife. 'And much like real livestock, a lap kitty gets treated far better than the rest. I'd just offer you a life in luxury as the only contract, but it's a legal nightmare of ownership without one of these signed by the hucow. I'd hate for them to try and take you from me.'
She quickly signed the papers and pushed them back to Jodie.
'Actually, those are for me to take.'
He scooped up the papers and folded them into his jacket pocket. He then rose from his chair and pulled his wife to her feet. They locked lips passionately and without a care for Jodie's presence. As they broke apart, she overheard him whisper how much he was going to fuck her when she came home tomorrow.
'Well, with that all settled, I'll be off. Still have a lot of work left to do today. Take good care of her.'
He waved and backed out of the office, leaving Jodie alone with the model.
'This way, please. We'll get you processed.'
As they walked through the corridors to the clinic side of the farms, Tiffani talked endlessly.
'Oh my god, this is going to be so much fun. I've heard that hucow's have the best orgasms. Is that true? Oh my god, I just realised that I'm pretty much a hucow now! Is the procedure painful or anything? Cause I don't do pain. Hey hucows are naked right? Should I be stripping down yet?'
Jodie turned to see the top half of her dress already pulled down around her waist. Her bare, perky tits staring back at her.
'Whoa! No, no. You can keep your clothes on until we get there. The doctor will advise you when to remove them.'
'Oh, Sorry! I guess it doesn't matter that much since I'll be a hucow pet soon anyway. Did you notice that I'm not wearing any underwear? Smart, right? I thought of that when I was getting dressed this morning. Less to carry back tomorrow. Speaking of tomorrow, I hope that you'll be taking me straight to Hector after the procedure. There's no way that I'll wait down there in a pen with those... disgusting livestock while I wait for him.'
Jodie wanted to tell her that she'd be no different than the livestock down there by tomorrow, but there was no point in arguing.
Finally, they arrived at the clinic and Jodie handed a piece of paper with Tiffani's details on it to the woman working administration.
'Well this is where I leave you. I'll take you back to mr. Langley tomorrow morning.'
She could still hear Tiffani's voice carrying down the corridor after her as she left, complaining that she didn't want to wait in the clinic while they prepared a room for her.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Daryl watched the hucows frolic in the field as the hours drifted by. Paddock work was the best. Jodie usually kept it for herself, but he got lucky today.
'Alright #1375! #1261! #1378! Come on girls!'
He grabbed their leashes and strolled across the field to where the pile of hucows lay, resting their heads on each other's bountiful breasts.
'Come on, girls! Get up! It's feeding time!'
He nudged them with his foot to rouse them, but #1375 remained with her eyes closed. He knelt down and pushed the curly hair from her face. Her body may have been cowified, but her face was still the same as when she was human.
'Come on, Melissa. Up you get.'
The hucow who she was using as a pillow rolled over and got up onto all fours. Melissa woke as her head fell onto the grass. She got onto her hands and knees and padded after #1378. Daryl clipped the leashes to their collars and walked them back to the barn.
He dropped #1261 and #1378 off at their pens, filling their troughs with hucow mush before leaving. All that was left was #1375. He led her to her pen, watching her crawl on all fours. Her huge hucow tits swayed beneath her with each step. He could still remember when she had started here as a human, how much smaller her tits were back then. She was fine, but now she was amazing. Her work clothes never gave him much to his imagination, but he was sure that the hucow feed had made her ass and thighs fatter. He always found his cock swelling at the sight of her from behind on all fours. That wasn't even to mention her pussy.
When she first got cowified, when she was still shaven down there, her flushed pussy lips always looked like she was desperate to be fucked. He had wished to see her stripped naked when she was human, and now her pussy was staring at him every day. Even after her pubic hair grew in, her flushed lips still shone through. The hair just reminded him even more of the fact that she was livestock now.
Everyone was heading off to lunch as he opened her pen gate. He pushed her long, curly hair aside to remove her collar.
The hucow mush splatted into her trough, looking as unappealing as always, but she rushed over, burying her face in it like it was the tastiest thing in the world. He knelt down beside her and watched her eat like an animal.
'Did the idea of getting bred like livestock turn you on that much when you worked here?'
Her big pregnant belly hanging beneath her made her situation even hotter. She signed that paper knowing that this was where she'd be. Bred and eating from a trough. And she still chose it. He reached out and grabbed her breast, kneading the massive amount of soft flesh. She let out little moans as she ate.
'This what you want? Are you getting horny?'
He reached around and rubbed his hand over her hairy pussy. Her juices coated it.
'Of course you're always horny. I see that plump pussy of yours always sticking out, desperate for attention.'
He gave a quick look around before undoing his fly. His strained cock sprung out. Being around Melissa like this was torture. He moved in behind her and sunk his cock in.
Her pussy felt so good. Even after being bred by the bulls and the rod, the amount of extra tissue in her pussy's walls made her always feel tight. He grabbed her hips as he slammed into her. She began to moan louder, leaving her food behind as she lifted her head.
'Yeah, that's right. That hucow brain of yours finally realise that you're mating? You like the feel of that?'
She arched her head back and he felt her hips push back against his. His cock surged as he watched her mind switch fully into mating mode. She pushed her hips back into him with force, rutting like a wild animal. He ran his hand over her big pregnant belly. Soon she'd give birth, and then they'd breed her all over again. The tight feel of her pussy now was something special for him to experience. The decades of breeding would ruin her.
'How do you like that, you little slut?'
She thrust her hips back, moaning wildly. He grabbed her long hair, holding it tightly back.
'That's what you are, huh? Just a bred hucow slut?'
He exploded inside her as she kept trying to push further back on his cock. He held her hips tight, the wetness of her pussy dripping down his balls as their bodies remained pressed.
He gave her ass a slap and pulled out.
'Whew. That felt good, Melissa. I'll be back to milk those fat udders of yours after I've had my break.'
She rubbed her throbbing pussy in his absence before once again realising there was food in front of her and burying her face into it.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Jodie pulled into the carpark the next morning. She drained the last of her coffee, not feeling up to work today. These early starts killed her.
A few minutes later she was changed in the locker room and as ready as she would be. She headed to her office and checked the list of jobs. The first one was dealing with Tiffani. She gave mr. Langley a call.
'I'm already on the way over,' he responded. 'Keep her ready for me. I'll be there soon.'
She hung up, grabbed a collar from the draw and headed toward the clinic.
One of the nurses directed her to Tiffani's room. She opened the door to find her sitting up in bed. Not even some bed-head could change how stunning this woman looked. Two huge hucow breasts now complemented her figure as they hung from her bare chest.
Jodie strode over to her and began fitting the collar around her neck. Once it was on, she gave the leash a tug to get her off the bed. Tiffani stood up for a moment before stumbling down onto her hands and knees.
'They're heavy, aren't they? Bet you didn't think of that when you chose this.'
She gave the leash a tug, but Tiffani had other ideas. She squatted back on her legs and began peeing on the floor.
'Well there's a job for the cleaners. To think that one of the last things you said to me was that you were different from our livestock.'
She watched Tiffani as she finished emptying her bladder. It struck Jodie as strange to see such a beautiful woman as a hucow. She had always tried to profile the women who signed up, and Tiffani was completely outside any group that fit. Even just looking at her now, she seemed to have an air of elegance to how she held herself while doing something so ungraceful.
Once she had finished she padded on all fours to Jodie's side and sat down.
She sighed. 'Hang on, let me fix you up before we go out there.'
She knelt down to her level and ran her fingers through her platinum blonde hair to try and straighten out the bedhead. She looked like she was enjoying having her hair played with. It was the first genuine gesture she'd seen from this woman.
With it straightened out, Jodie stood up and gave a tug on her leash. She followed her out of the room as they headed for the clinic's entrance.
There they found mr. Langley waiting. He grinned at the sight of Tiffani walking out naked on all fours.
'She looks perfect. I can't thank you enough for taking care of her for the night.'
'Not a problem, mr. Langley. I hope you and your wife are very happy with the changes.'
He took the leash from her hand. 'Well she's not my wife anymore. Not now that she's a hucow. But I'm sure she'll enjoy being my pet far more than she ever would have before.'
He waved goodbye to the staff before heading out the door, Tiffani's leash held tightly to his side as she happily padded along beside him. Jodie watched from the window as his driver pulled up and he guided his new pet into the backseat.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
It was only a few weeks later when #1375 gave birth. She laid in the hay, resting afterward.
'Good girl, Melissa. You did well. The first of many babies that you'll give birth to.'
Whether she could understand her or not, #1375 nuzzled her head into her hand. A pool of milk leaked out beneath her breasts as the weight of her body pushed down onto them.
'Let's get you milked. You have a lot of mother's milk to give.'
She detached the milking pumps from the frame and brought them over to her. They were hooked up to a separate canister rather than connected to the factory pipes like usual. The milk from a hucow just after she gives birth is considered premium label. The farm would sell this at a far higher price than her normal milk. Jodie couldn't tell the difference in flavour, but some mr. Langley-type somewhere would accept nothing less to have in their morning tea.
She rolled her onto her side so she could attach the pumps over her teats. #1375 gave a satisfied moan as Jodie turned the milking machine on. She patted her head again and sat with her for a while. #1375's hips began to work in time with the milking, perhaps searching for her rod.
'Don't worry. We'll get you bred again soon. I'll pick a good bull who will pump another beautiful baby into you.'
She just nuzzled her head into Jodie's hand. Jodie knew the Melissa from the day she signed up would love the sound of that.
'Jodie, can I get a hand with something!'
Jodie jumped back at the sound of someone calling for her. She looked around. No one had seen her. For some reason she felt guilty to have been treating a hucow like that. She dusted the hay off her pants and quickly exited the pen, leaving #1375 to be milked.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Melissa laid spread out on the grass, the sunlight warming her naked body. She stirred from her nap at a sound beside her. She opened her eyes to see another hucow. She felt safe with them around her. The hucow's huge breast hung beneath her, her teat resting in the grass. Melissa blinked away the sleep. Food. Tasty.
She shuffled over on her back until her head was under the other hucow. She pushed the hucow's breast toward her mouth until she felt the long teat flick over her lips and land squarely inside. She began to suck, taste of the warm milk filling her mouth. She suckled more on the teat. Good. Tasty.
Something between her legs began to feel hot. She reached a hand down there and found her wet lips amongst the hair. Her fingers explored inside, stretching and playing with it. The hucow above her rocked against her suckles, her big belly bumping into the side of Melissa's head. From beneath the overflowing flesh of the hucow's breast, she looked at her belly. It took a few minutes for something to click in her head. Different. Her arm lay on her own flat belly as she played with her pussy. Different. She couldn't place why it looked different. Something inside her felt empty and unsatisfied.
The hucow began to move away, her teat pulling itself from Melissa's mouth. She let out a whine as the warm taste of milk left her mouth. She rolled onto all fours, feeling unsteady for a moment as the weight of her breasts swung free. She padded after the hucow, wanting to suckle from her some more.
As she crawled, hands grabbed her and held her neck in place. Something was put around it before the thing began to tug, leading her away from the other hucow. She padded along behind the person holding her leash until the softness of the grass left her, replaced by hard concrete. The smells of the barn met her once more. Less fresh than outside, but more interesting.
She was led back to her pen and the collar was removed. She looked around. Food. She checked her trough. No food. She sat back on the hay, staring at the pen gate as she listened to the sensations of her body. Her pussy was still hot. Her teats felt good after being dragged along. Her hands felt good on them.
The gate opened and her heart leapt. A bull was led in to her pen. Her pussy burned even more. Big. Big. His musky scent hit her and she quickly turned around, sticking her pussy high in the air for him. She knew how to mate. It was easy. So easy. The workers must be proud of her for knowing how to do it. Something crashed into her and rough hands grabbed her hips. Something thick and hard poked into her ass cheek. It thrust against her a few times before sliding down her cheeks and pushing right into her pussy.
She arched her back and moaned as it speared into her. A few quick thrusts and it pushed past her cervix and into her womb. She moaned like she was in heat. Her brain doing somersaults. Feels good! Feels good! The bull's cock pistoned in and out of her like it was nothing. It made her feel so tiny beneath him as he pinned her down and bred her. Nothing mattered around her as she mated. This was her world for now.
Mating! Breeding! Breeding!
'How long do you think he'll last?'
Daryl and Sydney leant against the pen wall, watching the two mate.
'I don't know. Jodie said he was new. I think this is his first time breeding a hucow.'
'Damn, I'd wager low then. What are you going?'
'I don't know... five minutes?'
Daryl let out a low whistle. 'I don't even know if he'd last that long with Melissa.'
'Don't let Jodie hear you calling her that.'
'Yeah, yeah. I bet three minutes.'
'Really? It's getting close to time on that.'
They leant against the fence while they watched Melissa's second breeding. Her legs locked up as the bull pushed down on her. She squirted around his cock as it reached depths her rod never could, moaning even harder as her juices leaked down his legs.
Sydney was about to say something when the bull grunted and pulled her hips into his. Melissa's fingers dug into the hay as he shot his load deep in her womb.
'Well I'll be damned.'
'Told you. A rookie with a hucow like her. No chance.'
He held out his hand to Sydney. He reluctantly pulled out the money and slapped it into his hand.
'It's a mulligan if he doesn't impregnate her.'
'Yeah, yeah.'
The bull's limp cock fell from her stretched pussy, leaving a trail of sticky cum in her pubic hair. Her hand soon matted it in further as it replaced his cock, rubbing herself to further satiate her need.
'Poor girl, he didn't even last long enough for her.'
'You take him back to his pen and we'll give her a good milking to make up for it.'
Daryl secured a collar around the bull's neck and led him away as Melissa whimpered at the sight of him going. She didn't want the mating to ever end.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
'Yep. She's pregnant.'
Jodie pulled her arm from #1375's pussy and pulled the glove off. #1375 moaned as she was milked, rocking her hips back in search of Jodie's hand.
'Hang on, girl. Hang on.'
She slid the rod's stand over and let her sink back on it.
'Sorry, no more bulls for you again.'
#1375 moaned contentedly as she pushed herself back onto the rod, her small mind not knowing the difference between this and being bred for real.
Over the next few weeks, a small bump began to form in #1375's belly as the results of her second breeding progressed. Jodie noticed that she became more affectionate to a handler's touch as her pregnancy progressed. Either she had developed a maternal instinct after her first breeding, or she was becoming more submissive to those she viewed as above her. Jodie wasn't sure how she'd act in her place. Would it only be natural to be submissive to the person who fed and took care of you?
She checked her list of jobs for the morning and cursed to herself. Mr. Langley's pet, Tiffani was due for a check-up. It had been a few months since her procedure. As part of mr. Langley's pet owner license, they had to regularly check up on the health of pet hucows.
She sought out Sydney and told him that she had to run a check-up. She gave him some jobs to do in her absence and headed for her car.
It was a long drive to his estate. He lived far out in the countryside. She knew she was there when tall hedges grew along one side of the road, obscuring anything beyond. She pulled in before a large wrought iron gate, flanked by sandstone walls. She fiddled around with the intercom until a voice came over it, telling her to drive through. The gates slowly opened, beckoning her in.
Poplars lined the drive as grassy hills rolled down his property on either side. She felt incredibly out of place. At the end of the drive a large mansion grew ever closer. She pulled up out the front and stepped out of the car. The gravel drive crunched beneath her dirty work shoes. A butler came out to greet her, making her feel even more like she'd stepped into a foreign world.
'Right this way. Mr. Langley is ready for you.'
With some embarrassment, she gave her shoes a good wipe on the front mat before stepping inside. It was incredible. A large foyer with a grand staircase greeted her as she entered. The lacquered wooden floor shimmered in the light cast from each window. As she was marvelling at the room, mr. Langley stepped out of a side room, beaming at the sight of her.
'Ah, Jodie! I'm glad that you could make it.'
He sounded like he had personally invited her over as opposed to this being a routine check. She pulled out a pen and held her clipboard up.
'Sorry to inconvenience you, mr. Langley. I can get this over with quickly.'
'Nonsense! Now that you're here I should show you around. I always see you at the farm, it's time that I return the favour.'
'It's fine. I do have a lot to do back at work, so I should get straight to doing the check-up.'
'Ah, yes, I suppose it is quite a drive. Very well, we can at least have some tea while you do it. Have you ever had mother's milk before?'
Jodie smiled. It would be rude of her to say she had and thought he'd wasted his money. Best to let him enjoy social adornment of it.
'No, I haven't I've always wanted to try some.'
'Really? My dear, you're around it every day. No one would notice if you tried some. It's truly the nectar of the gods.'
'I'm just not the type of person to sneak some.'
'That's what I like about you. I know that farm's in good hands with you there. Come, come. We'll have our tea in the lounge.' He led her down a corridor as the butler headed in the opposite direction. 'In fact, I should talk to some of the higher ups and see if we can get you a promotion. How many years have you been there?'
'About six.'
'I could definitely convince them then.'
She felt a smile growing over her face. Perhaps it wasn't such a bad thing that she had come out here today. As they walked a maid exited a room before them.
'Ah, please bring Tiffani to the lounge. Ms. Taylor is here to conduct a check-up on her.'
The maid nodded and hurried past them.
'I see you kept her name.'
'Of course. I know you use a numbering system at the farm. Efficient, but impersonal. She'll always be my Tiffani.'
They entered the lounge and mr. Langley took a seat on one of the couches. He motioned for Jodie to sit on the couch opposite. Soon after the butler entered with the tray of tea and placed it on the coffee table between them.
'Now, have a try of this.'
He poured a small dash of mother's milk into her cup and pushed it toward her. She picked it up and drank it. Just like last time, it tasted no different to regular hucow milk. But she put on a good face.
'Mmm, certainly tastes different, but I can't quite pick how.'
'Doesn't it? Lighter. More fragrant. You can almost taste the ecstasy the mother experienced during birth.'
Jodie wondered if she had personally milked this lot. They had a few hucows who had just given birth within the last week. He poured her a cup of tea and made a show of adding the mother's milk to it.
The door opened once more and Tiffani was led in on a leash. The moment she spotted mr. Langley, her eyes light up and she pulled on her collar.
'She is a happy young thing. I hope you can see that I'm at least treating her well.'
Jodie stood up and knelt by the hucow. Her hair had grown much longer. It now trailed on the ground around her as she walked. Her breasts we plump and looked to be in good care. Though some veins stuck out along the top from the pressure within.
'When was she last milked?'
'Not today. But she will be the moment you've left.'
'What type of milker do you use?'
'The same as you. I can get it cheap from the supplier.'
Jodie made a note and moved around to the back of the hucow, feeling around in her pussy.
'You keep her shaved?'
'Of course! She's not livestock like your hucows. I like her being presentable.'
'Okay then,' she said after inspecting her pussy. 'Everything back here looks good.'
She took one last go over of her head and body before making some more notes. She asked about diet and exercise, but mr. Langley answered them with flying colours. As far as she could tell, he was treating her better than most hucows.
'Well, everything looks good. I think I can confidently say she's in good health and being treated well.'
'Didn't I promise her a life of luxury?'
Once she sat back down, Tiffani crawled over to mr. Langley and sat at his feet as they discussed hucow care. She looked down at his feet before laying on her side and wriggling around his legs. He gave a smile down at her before lifting his foot up off the floor. To Jodie's surprise he planted it down firmly on her breast. The heel of his leather shoe dug deep into the soft flesh of her breast, squishing it against the floor. Jodie was about to say something when she heard Tiffani moaning.
The hucow writhed as her breast remained pinned under his firm hold. He crossed his knee over the planted leg, putting more pressure down on it. Milk began to spray from her teat in arcs across the floor. Tiffani's hand flew down to her shaved pussy and began to rub it.
Jodie sat agape at the sight. Hucows did have more nerve endings in their breasts, but could that really feel that good? Was this how he usually treated her? She looked like she was enjoying it immensely. She wasn't sure if she should say anything. His promise to secure a promotion for her hung in her mind.
He noticed her staring at Tiffani.
'She does enjoy it. She enjoys everything to do with her breasts. Even when she was human, she loved it when I played with her nipples.'
It didn't look like it was doing any damage to her. His hold was firm, but not too hard. Just enough to pin her and probably get her heartrate going from feeling trapped. There was very little that a hucow mind could process, yet he was using one of the few.
'Now there is something that I did want to talk to you about today.'
His words snapped her back to the conversation. He placed his tea cup down on the table and straightened up.
'I've heard that our farm has been partaking in research on splicing bull semen with human cells.'
'I... we have?' She wasn't even aware of it. Though she didn't oversee the clinic side of the farm as much. His demeanour changed upon hearing this.
'Oh, I thought you might have known something about it.'
'Who are we working with to do this research?'
'A string of universities. We only really supply the bull semen.'
'Why did you want to know about it?'
A smile spread across his face.
'Well I was thinking I would like to see Tiffani bear a child, but I don't want to have her bred by a bull. I want the child to be my own.'
Jodie smirked. 'You could always become a bull yourself.'
He laughed, planting his foot firmer down on Tiffani's breast. She shuddered as an orgasm rolled over her, another arc of milk spraying from her teat and puddling on the wooden floor.
'I have no interest in becoming a mindless brute like them. I guarantee I can bring my hucows more pleasure as a human.
'hucowS?'
She put extra emphasis on the plural.
'why yes. Would you like me to introduce you to them?'
He hoped up from the couch and motioned for her to follow him. Tiffani jumped to her hands and feet and crawled after him, leaving the puddle of milk behind.
Mr. Langley opened the French door to the rear balcony. She followed him outside and was greeted by a sight of at least ten hucows in the gardens.
'Every one of them is beautiful, aren't they? They're all my treasured pets.'
'I didn't realise you had so many.'
'Yes, well this is your first time here. I hear that the woman who used to do inspections for pets has moved far overseas to a new job. A shame really, she was always so discreet.'
Tiffani pawed at his legs, grabbing at his pants. Her face pressed up against his crotch.
'This must be more than your license allows.'
He tutted his tongue and wagged his finger.
'You must know how good my lawyers are after we drafted that contract for your farm. What you see before you are gifts for my staff. I just have the space to take care of them on their behalf.'
He rested his hand on Tiffani's head, stroking her hair.
'Now ms. Taylor. I would like to work with you again in future. I like having trusted people that I can rely on. I hope that I can trust you to be discreet too.'
She looked around at the hucows frolicking in his gardens and back to his stern expression, torn on what to do. They all looked like they were well taken care of. He had the money to look after this many. Was it really so wrong? There was worse stuff that she knew she would hold firm on. She wasn't going against her morals to overlook this. How much of a choice did she really have here anyway?
She gave a nod to him.
The smile returned to his face. 'Excellent! Then in that case we should leave it here for today. Tiffani is desperate for some attention as you can see. My staff will show you out.'
She headed back inside. Overhearing the sound of his belt buckle loosening as she left.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Jodie kept her word and didn't report mr. Langley. A few weeks later the manager of the farm surprised her with the news of a pay raise. She silenced the voice in the back of her head that felt guilty for accepting it. She had earned a raise after all these years. Mr. Langley had spoken of a promotion too. Perhaps this was just to tide her over until something came up. Either way, she was almost looking forward to the next inspection of his hucows. Until then she tended to the farm's hucows with a renewed spring in her step.
As she took #1375 off the milker one day, the scene from mr. Langley's lounge sprang to mind. She already knew the answer, but found herself compelled to try it. She took #1375's breast in one hand and squeezed it tightly. She moaned, leaning into Jodie's tight grip and shuddering.
'Of course that's what would happen.'
She dropped her breast, but couldn't shake the mental image of Tiffani writhing in pleasure as her breast was stood on.
She found herself paying more attention to the hucow pets that she occasionally saw around town. Hucow pets became a thing long after the hucow serum was made for livestock. Jodie had always just seen it as a social status thing. That someone had enough money to buy a hucow all for themselves. But now after seeing how mr. Langley treated Tiffani, she wondered if it really was a sexual thing after all. Maybe Tiffani was a special case due to her relationship to mr. Langley. She didn't know. Though when she saw a man and a woman walking a young, naked hucow on a leash, her big tits wobbling beneath her, it seemed almost undeniable to her that they would fuck her when they got home.
Though why this new knowledge set her on edge, she didn't know. She helped breed the hucows at the farm regularly. She knew that hucows were built for mating. They got horny at the drop of a hat. Yet somehow the livestock rolling around in the hay felt different to a hucow pet. It made sense for them to mate like animals.
She shook those thoughts away and let the dreams of a promotion drive her as the months passed.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
While Jodie worried about the work she was doing for mr. Langley, Melissa's small mind was content. She only thought of being milked to relieve the pressure in her breasts and of being fucked to relieve the need in her pussy.
She rested against the milking frame in a daze. The thick object was pulled from her pussy, leaving it feeling empty. The whirring sound came to an end and the objects around her teats were pulled off. A click came from behind her back and she was lifted up out of the milking frame. Her sensitive teats rubbed over the cold metal, sending shivers down her until she was put back onto all fours and they once more became squished into the hay beneath her breasts.
She tried to walk away but was held in place by a pair of hands. Soon, something warm and wet ran over her back. Water dripped down her ass. She looked around. The worker was rubbing something over her. It was soft on her skin. It rubbed over her more and more, covering her in water.
They rubbed down her thighs before scrubbing between her legs. Her heart jumped. It felt good there. As the worker scrubbed elsewhere she felt between her legs. Pussy. Pussy. She rubbed it, sending waves of pleasure over her. The hair around it all wet and matted.
They rubbed over her big belly. She liked them touching it. She was proud of her big belly, but she didn't know why. It didn't feel as good as her pussy of breasts, but she was proud of it. It made her feel like a good hucow.
The worker grabbed her breasts and rubbed the soft, wet thing all over them. It felt good. She shivered as they rubbed her teats. Sensitive. Good.
The rubbing was followed by a blast of water. She held her eyes shut tight and tried to get away from it. Eventually it ended, leaving her wet hair clinging to her face. She shook her head to try and get it away, but her mind quickly fell back to her hand on her pussy. She liked playing with that area. It felt good. It was all she wanted.
The worker rubbed something over her, until she was dry. She felt their hand around her pussy and wished for them to pleasure her. But as she waited she suddenly realised they were gone. She looked around for them before collapsing onto the hay. The sun was hanging low, casting long shadows over her pen. The wet sensation between her legs reminded her of her pussy once again.
She reached around her big belly, lifting her leg until she had a good angle. She was good at reaching her pussy around her big belly. Would the workers be proud of her for that? She rubbed her hand over her wet lips. Good. Good. She wanted to mate desperately. She tried to put her hand inside her like the bull's put their cock in there. It took her a while, her slow mind rubbing her hand over it before she worked it out. Her fingers pushed inside, her pussy opening up for them, but it didn't feel the same. She wanted to mate. Maybe the workers would come and let her mate soon.
She finger-fucked her needy pussy. She couldn't get a good rhythm like when a bull mated with her, but it was enough to reward her instinctual desire. Moans escaped her mouth. She must be doing good to get them. Her pussy spasmed and a surge of liquid dripped around her fingers. Good. Good. Her pussy throbbed with sparks of pleasure that spread throughout her. Good. Good.
Her body felt exhausted as her orgasm subsided. She laid her head back against the hay, still lazily rubbing her pussy. Her eyes were tired, but she still wanted to mate. She dozed off with a feeling of satisfaction from the pressure inside her big belly.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Jodie's office phone rang. As she picked it up she heard a familiar voice on the other end.
'Jodie. It's been too long.'
'Oh, hello mr. Langley.'
'I'll need you to come out to my place tomorrow.'
'What for?'
'I've just bought a wonderful gift for one of my staff. You should see her. I had her brought in from Europe. A beautiful hucow who used to be a model. Thoroughbred too! Took after her mother and became a hucow. Well I guess not quite. She's registered as a hucow pet rather than breeding stock.'
'So, hold on. What do you need me for?'
'To do the paperwork for me, of course. I need your discretion again. Don't worry, I'll run you through how the other girl used to do it, then you can put it into the system at the farm.'
Jodie sighed. 'Fine. Okay, I'll be over tomorrow.'
'Wonderful! I'll let my staff know to expect you.'
With that he hung up the phone.
The next day she made the drive out to his estate again. The gate opened as she drove up, inviting her inside. As she drove down the driveway, she spotted mr. Langley waiting on the front steps for her.
'Jodie! Thank you for coming. Shall we have some tea again while we work.'
'Sure, mr. Langley.'
'Very well. We'll take it in the lounge again.'
Two of his hucows sat in the entrance hall. Like Tiffani, they were both beautiful. They had little bells neatly tied to their teats. They jingled with their every move. He gave them both a pat on the head before leading her down the hallway to the lounge once more.
She sat on the same couch again as the butler brought in a tray of tea. Tiffani padded her way into the room. Upon seeing mr. Langley, she rushed over to curl up around his feet.
'Could you bring Carlotta here,' mr. Langley instructed the butler. He nodded and left.
Mr. Langley stood and retrieved a form from a side table. He handed it to Jodie.
'I have filled out all the details needed for my end. You just need to add in the farm's information and process it through there. As long as it has my name on it, they'll make sure it slips by unnoticed.'
He sat back and sipped his tea. Tiffani climbed up onto the couch and laid down over his lap. She looked satisfied to be close to him. She wriggled around, trying to press her breasts into him, only stopping when he grabbed one and casually massaged it in his hand. Jodie noticed that she had a new piercing through her clit with a little gem on the end. A present perhaps?
The butler re-entered the room, leading an olive skinned hucow on a leash. Once again, she was one of the most beautiful women Jodie had ever seen, let alone hucows. Her massive breasts hung from her slim figure as she crawled on all fours.
'As you can see, we're still breaking her in, but soon enough she'll come when I call her.'
'Really? They come when you call them?'
'Of course.' He turned his head to the door and called. 'Angela! Yukiko! Come!'
Jodie heard the jingling of their bells echoing down the hallway until the two hucows bounded into the room.'
He must have noticed the perplexed look on her face as he continued.
'I'm sure your hucows at the farm react to your calls or have employees that they favour. Hucow minds are very simple, but they do learn. You can't confuse them with multiple trainers. I train all of my pets personally so they know my voice and my commands.'
The two hucows padded over to him and sat by his feet, looking up at him lovingly. Tiffani moaned as she pressed herself further into his lap, his hand still squeezing her breast.
'With enough training they can even learn some tricks.' He commanded them in a strong and clear voice. 'Up!'
They both sat up with their asses planted on their ankles. They looked like someone imitating a dog sitting up, balled fists held in front like paws and all. Tiffani's head shot up at the command, but he patted her head until she relaxed. Carlotta didn't react to the command at all, as Jodie expected of a hucow.'
'Wow. How did you manage to train them?'
'The same way you would train a dog. With incentive rewards, and there's only one reward that a hucow wants.'
Jodie noticed that Yukiko's pussy was dripping like a drooling dog as she held the position.
'Now there was one more reason why I invited you over here today.'
'What was that?'
He moved his hand down Tiffani's body, his fingers finding her swollen lips and slipping inside. She moaned, her eyes rolling back at the relief to her pent-up desire.
'I wanted to offer you the position as one of my pets.'
Jodie blinked at what she had just heard.
'No thanks.'
'Really? That's a shame. I can promise you the same life of pleasure that all my pets receive.'
'No. I have no intention of being a mindless hucow.'
He fingered Tiffani with more vigour. She writhed in his grip. The hucows sitting at his feet shuffled closer, pressing their huge breasts into his legs. The bells hanging from their long teats jingled.
'Well, the offer is always open if you change your mind. Until then, I hope that you can get those forms sorted for me.'
Jodie stood up, scooping them up.
'Yes. I should go get that done.'
'Very well then. I look forward to the next time we work together.'
She hurried from the room, leaving him with his pets. She got back in her car and drove away from the mansion as fast as she could. She was initially shocked, but found herself growing angrier as the drive back continued.
When she got back to the farm, she stormed up to her office and threw the forms down onto her desk, locking the door behind her.
What an absolute asshole! She paced around her office. She couldn't believe him. To finger his hucow so openly in front of her while showing off the other ones. He was just a perverted ass, and he wanted her to join in on his perversions?! She should just expose him. Get the law to come down on him.
She threw herself back into her chair. Yeah, that's what she should do. What would he do when he didn't have his pets to play with? Treating them like his playthings. For a moment the sight of Yukiko dripping just from his words flashed across her mind. She shook it away.
She couldn't believe he wanted to make her into that. To train her to get wet on command. To make her a mindless, sex crazed hucow.
Fuck! She stood up and unbuttoned her jeans before pulling them down. Her panties were drenched. She pulled them to the side and rubbed her pussy. Fuck that felt good. She sat back down and rubbed harder. Her hand was a blur working over her wet pussy. Why was she so horny? It didn't matter. She needed this. She shuddered after only a few minutes as she came.
What was she doing?
For the rest of the day she handed her floor work off to the others, citing office work that needed doing. She couldn't look at another hucow for now.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Over the next few days Jodie found herself being rather irritable. The little annoyances of her job felt amplified. From others not doing their jobs properly to management breathing down her neck on paperwork filing. She was constantly stressed that mr. Langley's paperwork would set off alarms and it would find its way back to her. To her better judgement, she had filed it. She knew he'd get her fired somehow if she didn't.
During that time, they got a new hire. A woman named Jessica. She immediately rubbed Jodie the wrong way. She even snapped at her one day when she wouldn't stop playing with a bull's cock when cleaning him. That night she felt like her outburst at the girl might have been unfair. She was just a young girl having fun in the strange environment that was a milk farm. She shouldn't have treated her like she was moments from becoming a hucow with her actions.
Two days was all it took. Two fucking days. Jessica was in her office when she came in, asking to sign the paperwork to become a hucow. A day later, Jodie was walking her into the barn on a leash naked; big hucow tits hanging from her. didn't know if she should be happy that she called it or miserable.
It seemed like every woman had gone mad. First Melissa, then Tiffani, now Jessica. Not to mention the endless string of masochistic women coming through her office, wanting to be made into livestock whose only purpose was to be bred and milked.
She hooked Jessica up to the pumps for her first milking. The girl moaned as the machine sucked out the litres and litres of milk that were now pooling in her fat udders. Soon they'd be breeding her like an animal. Stupid girl. Was she already desperate to be bred? Was that the only thing her tiny brain could process now?
'You have a client in your office, Jodie!'
She cursed under her breath and left Jessica's new pen. She wasn't sure what she'd do if it was mr. Langley waiting for her up there.
As she stepped inside she found a girl in her early twenties sitting in front of her desk. She wore glasses and had bushy hair. She looked like the bookworm type. Jodie's sudden arrival startled her.
She sighed and took a seat. 'How can I help you?'
'Uh... I want to become a hucow.'
Jodie rolled her eyes and grabbed out the paperwork. She read through the disclaimer in a monotone way, just wanting to get this over with. Suddenly she stopped reading and glared at the girl across from her.
'Why do you even want to become a hucow?'
The girl went wide eyed and tried to stammer a response.
'I-I just like the idea of it.'
'How?'
'I don't know. I guess it sounds fun.'
'Well it's not. Let me tell you what we're going to do to you. We're going to give you an injection that'll make your tits 3 times the size of your head. Then twice a day for the rest of your life we're going to milk those big tits. We'll breed you so you make us even more milk. Your belly will swell with a baby you didn't choose. Then when you give birth we'll immediately breed you with another bull and start it all over again.'
The girl's mouth hung open and for a moment Jodie thought she wasn't the only sane woman in the world.
'Yeah... okay, that sounds good.'
The girl wiggled her hips in her seat as if she were trying to sate an urge between her legs. Jodie frowned and continued.
'That's what you want?'
The girl nodded.
'Uh-huh. That sounds so hot! I want to be used like that! That's why I came here.'
Jodie gave up and pushed the papers toward her.
'Just sign it and I'll take you over then.'
The young girl giddily signed her humanity away, her cheeks flushed with excitement.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Once more she led a new hucow out into the barn and gave her her first milking. The girl moaned like all the rest, but after seeing her response to Jodie detailing what would happen to her, her moans somehow felt more human. The girl who sat in her office would have moaned just the same if she had taken her down to be milked before even giving her the hucow injection.
That night she found herself masturbating again. It was as mind-blowing as that day in her office. The night after that she masturbated the moment she got home. And the night after that. She tried walking around her apartment naked, only to find that it led to her fingering herself on the kitchen floor at the thought of someone seeing her from the window. What was happening to her?
Mr. Langley gave her a shock when he phoned her office one day. All he had called about was asking for her to order a milking machine for Carlotta, but it left her heart racing.
That night when she arrived home and stripped down, she decided to try walking around on her hands and knees out of curiosity. She ended up getting mad at herself for even thinking to do such a thing, but the wetness in her pussy couldn't be denied.
She found herself one day caressing #1375's big, pregnant belly as she sat with her. She was about ready to pop. Then after a few weeks' rest she'd be onto breeding number three. Melissa had turned into a good hucow, she couldn't deny that. It was all Melissa had wanted.
She watched her push back against her rod and imagined what an existence free from the stress of work and life would be like. Free of everything. Stress, frustration, doubt. Perhaps she had misunderstood a hucows mind. It wasn't a mindless existence. It was one where your brain only thought about fucking, eating and sleeping. Anything else was just a negative thought that you didn't need to concern yourself with. It sounded like a peaceful life. As long as someone took care of all your needs so that you could enjoy that life.
She masturbated on all fours that night, ass up like a bitch in heat.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
She pulled up in front of mr. Langley's gates and got out to press the intercom. To her surprise the gates opened before she could even press it. She got back into her car and drove through.
The butler stood at the front door to receive her. She stepped out of the car in a summer dress. It was her day off work.
The butler guided her inside and through to the lounge room once more. In there she found mr. Langley, surrounded by three hucows, one of which was Tiffani. Her jewelled clit ring shone in the light.
'Jodie. What a lovely surprise! And what brings you here today?'
Jodie pulled her arms through the shoulder straps of the dress and let it fall to the ground. She stood naked before him, not wearing anything beneath the dress. Her heart raced, but she gritted her teeth to speak strongly.
'Do it.'
A grin spread across his face.
'I thought you'd come around to my offer. I'm not going to do anything. You are.'
He motioned to the butler and he placed a form and a pen on the coffee table.
She grabbed the pen and knelt down by the coffee table, hoping to have the determination and lustful zeal of all the women who had passed through her door, but she still felt butterflies in her stomach at the prospect of signing this. She looked up at him, surrounded by models.
'Why me?'
'Women are easy to come by for me. Most of these models jumped at the chance to become my pet. You interested me by being the opposite. You're a tough nut to crack and I like the chase.'
'So once I sign this you won't care anymore?'
'No, I'll have a lot of fun training you. The fact that you're hesitating even now means that I'll have endless enjoyment every time I make you moan like a true hucow. I'll always remember how you once resisted it.'
Jodie looked down at the paper before signing her name on it. She was already sitting here naked, no different than the rest of his pets. She couldn't deny how she had masturbated like a hucow for the last few weeks.
'Hold still.'
She heard the butler behind her as he reached over with a syringe, injecting it deeply into her left breast, then her right one. It was done. There was no going back now.
Her heart pounded in her chest as she watched it. She could feel the liquid spreading through her breasts. It felt warm. Whether from that, or sitting here naked, or from finally accepting what had gnawed at her conscious for a while, she was horny.
She reached down to rub her pussy. Melissa had done the same when it became real for her. So had many of the women who signed up. It was a liberating thing to know that you were now free to sexually satisfy yourself for the rest of your life.
She grew wetter by the second, inserting her fingers, wanting more. Soon her pussy would expand to be able to fit a bull's cock. She wondered what it would feel like for her cervix to expand around one. And what it would be like to be milked. She found that she was actually excited for what was to come. She focused in on this feeling of horniness. This bliss would be all her mind would be able to comprehend. She wanted to savour it once more when her mind still knew all the bad things that weren't horniness. It was an amazing feeling. Why hadn't she embraced it earlier?
She fingered herself before mr. Langley as the drugs slowly took effect and her eyes grew heavy. She still wanted more. She wanted him to watch her fingering herself as a human. She wanted to feel this exhibitionism once as a human. Her pussy grew wetter at the thought of her being naked like this from now on. Exposed and lower than her master.
Her consciousness slipped away as she fell back onto her discarded dress.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The collar pulled at Jodie's neck as she padded down the sidewalk. The morning sun warmed her naked body. The sights and smells of the town intrigued her. Mr. Langley held her leash tightly, pulling firmly on the leash if she ever did wrong and strayed too far from him.
A jingle followed her as she walked. She had been made presentable for the trip out today. The little noisy things had been tied around her teats, just tightly enough to give her a constant stream of pleasure. Someone had held her down and scratched at her pussy with something until all the spikey hairs were gone. Her pussy now slid smoothly against her thighs as she walked. Mr. Langley always liked it when it looked that way. It made her happy.
Something sat buried deep in her pussy. A little cord hung from inside her, connected to something tied around her thigh. Whatever it was, it made her brain feel fuzzy and her pussy good when it buzzed.
She padded proudly alongside mr. Langley, her big, hucow tits jiggling beneath her with each step. She stumbled every now and then as the little thing buzzed. Her collar was pulled and she righted herself. She liked when he pulled her collar. She wanted to be a good hucow for him.
They suddenly stopped. She looked around, curious as to why they did. Buzz. She moaned. Good! Pussy good! She reached down to rub her smooth, swollen lips before her collar was pulled once again and they headed inside a building.
She didn't recognise the smell of this place. Her collar tugged her over to a table and mr. Langley sat down. She curled up around his legs. The little things around her teats jingling. She pulled on her teats at the end of her huge tits. Good. Good. She had been milked this morning before being taken out. She liked being milked. She was proud of all the milk she gave. She hoped mr. Langley liked her milk.
As she played with her teats, mr. Langley kicked her hands away. He instead planted his shoe down on her breast. She shuddered as the flesh of her breast squished out from beneath the pressure. Her breast exploded in pleasure as every nerve was pressed into the other. Her eyes rolled back. A wetness gushed from her pussy as it spasmed. Good! Good! She loved every minute of this. What was left of her little mind flooded with dopamine. She wanted to mate. She wanted to mate!
Mr. Langley sipped his tea as he read the newspaper in the corner of the coffee shop.
'That's a good girl, Jodie.'