Author's note:


No part of this story is written so as to stand on its own. I strongly suggest that you start withthe beginning of Part 1and read sequentially—giving up at any point you choose, of course.
All sexual activity portrayed anywhere in this story involves only people at least eighteen years old.
This entire story is posted only on literotica.com. Any other public posting without my permission in writing is a violation of my copyright.

Again, with getting to bed so late—and no, Sam didn't get anything extra—we overslept Saturday morning. We were earlier to the showers than we might have been if we'd waked up earlier, though., and I backed Sam up to the wall for a quick screw. That was for me, she didn't come or even get close, but she didn't object, either. Cleanup was quick and a lot better than usual, of course. I didn't think we attracted any notice at all.
Breakfast was with the group we'd been with the night before, plus a lot of others. From comments, I thought both Ellens had stayed up extra late letting their partners attend to them. Tim and Deedee seemed a little distant, and I wondered whether I somehow had caused a quarrel.
We hurried off to be instructed. Bella was waiting for me, as always.
"We schedule this day as a sort of wrapup, Phil. For me, if you have any problems or questions, now is the time to raise them. Beyond that, you are to practice what you have learned, both this morning and this afternoon. That is, you are to make love to your instructor and to your partners, in whatever way you prefer or wish to practice. With me, you will specify the activity. With your partners, of course, you must agree together.
"But first, tell me about yesterday. I have already heard about one thing, and I very much wish that I had been on monitor duty there yesterday. But you tell me about it."
"On that, you only need background, much of which you have. You know where Sam and I were, in our relationship, when we left here on Monday. Um. We were a little giddy, I guess. Anyway, the very nice, friendly kitchen person brought us supper, as you had arranged, and Sam teased me a bit by implying to her that I had been an inept oaf and that she had gotten me over it. Not a false word, I think, but the implication was there. I chided her about it, but, well, there were a couple of groups of students sitting talking at the tables, when we finished eating, so I thought I would tease Sam back. I kissed her and fondled her pretty graphically, for their entertainment, and yes, they were entertained. As we left, Sam said that now I had blackened her reputation, and that at least I hadn't spread her out on the table and screwed her right there.
"That's what she said, but it's also misleading. Her manner said, 'Well, I was ready to do it, but you wimped out.' And she made another comment or two during the week, I think. So when she teased me about it again yesterday, I took her at her word. It was her idea, mind you. She kept pushing me, not that I really needed pushing, not when you had made exhibitionism an assignment. Sam's an exhibitionist at heart, I think. I can do it, and enjoy it, but generally I prefer to be out of the spotlight. I think we kind of pushed some other people to take that assignment seriously, too.
"Now, I have more complaints about the instruction. Not yours, mind you, and there must be more like you in this. But on the whole, you're not getting across the first thing you said to me Monday, that the attention of each participant should be on pleasing the other. In our group yesterday, there was one other boy who showed even a little of this. Luckily, Jenny got him. And the girls kind of just went along, mostly. Then, last night, we found some friends camping outside our door—Sam's door—when we came back from the showers. Oh. Jenny and I put on a little exhibition while we were there. For whatever reason, we got less attention, which she preferred. She started out feeling uncertain about it, but wound up enjoying it. Anyway, three couples were waiting, and all of their afternoon groups had disappointed them in the same way. So we had a little swapping session of our own. The odd number of girls again meant that someone had to do double duty, and I got told off to do that. One other boy and I, and all the girls, thought the guys needed practice and instruction, so we put the girls in charge.
"For myself, I think the male instructors don't appear to be teaching the girls what to expect, but I especially blame the female instructors. They have to teach technique, yes, but that isn't the important thing, and it sure looks to me like the guys aren't being taught.
"And one final variation on that theme, and I've said this before in general. To my utter shock, one of the girls last night wanted me to do anal sex on her. Not the back and forth with the pussy, and not the sucking thing, I should add. Well, as I said, we had put the girls in charge, so obviously I did it. And she came, by the way, without my touching any sensitive areas with my hands, she positioned herself so I couldn't really. But afterward, she told me why. Both with her instructor and with her partner, it had felt like it should be enjoyable, but it wasn't, just uncomfortable. And she had heard from Ellen Chan about what happened with us Wednesday night, and she hoped I could do better. I think she was satisfied. But she really didn't want me doing anything else at all for her, I think lest what she wanted as the main thing get lost. OK, some girls will like anal sex, and some won't no matter how it's handled, but the way it is being handled is just terrible. I know you know I think so, but I want to go on record. Again."
"Phil, I don't know quite how to say this. That is partly because I think what you say about the instruction has some merit, myself. But I can tell you, most if not all of the instructors say the same thing I said, about pleasing your partner. And it should be stressed more, with a specific reminder when it is not being done. You heard it and took it to heart—but you were already doing that. Some other boys, and girls too, listened and will remember that, but need practice. Many will forget it, or have already, because it is an attitude, not something one can check to see whether one is doing it. And some just forgot it immediately. The instructors should do better, but they cannot do it all.
"At any rate, let us now go into the other room. This is your free choice, so be thinking quickly of what you want to do. I have been open about my own likes and dislikes, but the choices are yours. If you need me to do more than simply respond, you will have to tell me what it is that you want."
We went into the bedroom. I took Bella into my arms and kissed her. As always, she responded ardently. We undressed each other and made love. I did eat her pussy at a couple of points. The first time, I then simply climbed on top of her and came in, and brought her to orgasm twice before coming myself.
The second time, I ate her pussy until she had come three times. She didn't protest, as she had on occasion. After that, I asked her to perform oral sex on me, and in the end she went to deep throat without my asking her to.
As Ellen had the night before, she then, at my request, brought me back to readiness, and I took her to orgasm once more with my cock in her. It was far from the best sex we had enjoyed, but we both were happy with it. At least, I was, and Bella sure appeared to be.
I walked back to the cafeteria to find both of my girls waiting for me. Sam had, once again, essentially teased her instructor, John, by making him eat her until she had come several times. Jenny had apparently lectured her instructor, along the same lines as what I had said to Bella, and then made him give her a lot of attention, then give her oral sex repeatedly, before letting him in to satisfy himself. I just hoped he listened and thought about it, instead of resenting this girl student who thought she knew more than he did.
Jenny looked around speculatively. "You know, I really do mean that about anything, with you. Do you want me to prove it by lying down on a table with you? Honestly?"
"Not really. But it sounds like it's bothering you that you were so afraid I would, after Sam and I did that. Would it help if we did it again in public a couple more times, not in front of the whole class but, oh, maybe in the girls' wing hallway? Or the boys'?"
"Something like that. You're right, doing it in the shower turned out to be kind of nice, and kind of exciting, and I've been realizing how ridiculous I was about it earlier."
We all collected trays and food. I thought some of the younger servers were watching us—or rather me. That is, when we went off for separate things, I'm pretty sure their eyes followed me, not the girls. There was some whispering and giggling. Of course, I couldn't be sure that was about me. One of them, when I went to her for some dessert, asked me, "You're Morris, right?" When I confirmed it, she didn't say more to me, but I thought as soon as she was free for a moment she was whispering to the next one over. I assumed it was something about yesterday's lunchtime activity, though why they were focused on me instead of Sam was a mystery.
There was plenty of discussion around lunch, regarding the morning, but less than most days that week. Nothing new had been done or assigned, after all. Other than a little checking as to whether everyone had the same instructions for the afternoon, people either avoided that subject or discussed it with their own partners, quietly enough to keep it all from the group. I kept my mouth shut except for eating.
We visited our separate lavatories, and then headed together for Bella's office. Once inside the bedroom, I said, "You two have been too quiet. I know you've got something planned. Out with it."
Sam said, "Actually, no. We talked about trying a little game like the one they played with you, only pussies instead of mouths, but we were pretty sure you would refuse to go along. So we're waiting for you to say what we should do."
"Then we'll just do normal sex. You two decide which of you goes first."
They stared at each other for a minute. Then Jenny started getting undressed. So I did as well. We embraced and kissed for a long, long time before she said, a little breathlessly, "Please, get your hands going. I need you to touch me first."
I started with her ass, this time, telling her out loud how perky and tight it was, squeezing it a little. I stroked her back some, and she said, "Scratch, please, not too hard." So I put my nails into it a little. After a bit, she said, "This is all pleasant and nice, but it's not what I meant and what I need, and you know it!"
So I brought my hands around to her breasts. After she kissed me again, she said, "That's wonderful. I'm not going to be like Ellen and just come from that, but I'm so ready I can't stand it. Do like that to my pussy for a minute or two and then come in!"
I fondled her down there, not too long, because yes, she was ready. I told her, "Slight change of procedure coming up." She looked a little anxious, but I ignored this. I turned her around and marched her a couple of steps to the bed, then bent her over. I gently moved the head of my cock around between her legs, getting it set between the labia and lubricated, then slid it in without any real delay. She moaned, and I began thrusting in and out. I was really ready, too, but I managed to hold off through her first orgasm. When she came a second time, though, I couldn't keep from starting.
When I pulled out, she quickly straightened up and turned around and grabbed me. She kissed me and said, "I really want more, but you couldn't wait, and what you gave me was so good! You had me afraid you were going in my ass, for a few moments, and when you didn't that just pushed me along even more."
I kissed her for a few minutes more, then turned my head and said to Sam, "You get over here now." She came over. I gave Jenny one more kiss, just two seconds or so, and said, "That was wonderful for me. Now go watch." To Sam I went on, "Sit," pointing at the side of the bed. She figured out what I was after, because when she was sitting she took my cock and started getting me ready.
Knowing Sam, I was pretty sure that this would turn her on—not that she needed it, probably—and the evidence of my eyes and ears told me I was right. As she worked on me, one hand went down to her pussy, and a bit later she abruptly got me out of her mouth just as she started coming. I was getting big by then, and she managed to keep stroking. I was hard enough by this point that when she started to take me back in, I said, "No. Lie down, face down." She looked at me questioningly, but did what I had told her. I took the pillows and moved them under her hips. From behind, Jenny handed me a towel, apparently fetched from the lavatory, and I put it on top of the pillows.
I knelt on the bed between Sam's legs, and bent over her to kiss her neck, my cock pressed against her lower back. I ran my hands under her so I could play with her nipples a bit. I straightened up again, and looked at the prospect. "Should I go, 'Eeny meeny miney mo?'" I said, taking the tip of my cock up almost to the anus and back to the front a few times. She was breathing hard. She said, "Oh, please, Phil, just come in. Wherever you like, but come in now!"
I certainly wasn't going in her anus, especially not without some lubrication, but I continued to tease her pussy for a few moments. I slid myself in and nestled up against her body. I probably put too much weight on her, but she didn't complain. She moaned, and then moaned again as I pulled back and thrust myself in again. I noticed that somewhere along the way her own hand went in under her hips. I wasn't as ready as I might have been, and it wasn't until her third orgasm that I came myself.
I came out and got up off her, and she got up, too, and kissed me. She dropped to her knees and used her mouth to clean me off, just letting herself drip until she was done, at which point she got up and grabbed some tissue to take care of that. She kissed me again, and we got dressed. I visited the lavatory, and we all cleaned up a little.
In theory we were pretty early for the post-mortem with our instructors, but we went out into the outer office. Bella wasn't in evidence, and the girls kissed me once more before they headed out to their own instructors' offices. Bella came in a minute later.
"I have never seen you act that way before," she told me when she was behind the desk. "Please tell me what you were thinking and feeling."
"Well, they told me they were waiting to be told what to do, and somehow that turned me on in a way I'm not too used to. Mind you, I think if it had been someone else, someone I hadn't been with so much anyway, I wouldn't have done that. We really hadn't done very much of that, my going in from behind like that I mean, but I knew they would enjoy it. Jenny's mood kind of matched mine, I think, and she really enjoyed it. Sam, well, Sam enjoyed it, too, but I think she really wanted to be face to face. And generally that's what I want as well. From behind, there's a, a sense of doing this to them, however much they like it, and I want to do it with them."
She asked me for my thoughts and feelings about the whole week. I tried to go through most of it. Monday afternoon had been so frustrating and discouraging, until her idea had made a breakthrough in my feelings about Sam. I mentioned without going through them again my objections to the way anal sex was done for instruction, and with the level of selfishness I saw in many of the students and which I thought the instruction encouraged. I talked about my joy at being partnered with both Sam and Jenny, and my wish that I could have had more time with each of them. And finally I told Bella how much I had appreciated having her for an instructor. "I really do understand why today has to be the end of that, Bella, but I'm sad to see it end anyway." I looked at her. "It's a pity you aren't caught up in trying to get your hair untangled right now, though."
She laughed. "Phil, I too would enjoy one last time, but I think we had better not. The next time you see me, I will again be Mrs. Lanigan to you, not Bella, and certainly not Nonna either. For the moment, I will just say that this has, in almost every way, been the most delightful week of this I have had. I don't know how many more years I will be able and allowed to teach this. I thank you for asking for me. One concern always is whether the student can relate properly to a teacher he or she sees as elderly, and I am past the point where most boys your age would see me that way."
"Perhaps we can talk more of that on a later occasion, as Morris and Mrs. Lanigan. For the moment, I think I need to say that you do not look or seem elderly to me. You are beautiful, and I'm fortunate that you were still available to teach. I know from discussions that many of my peers did not get as much useful instruction as I did, nor, honestly, enjoy it nearly as much. Particularly many of the girls, but the boys as well."
We came to a point where I had no more to say about the week, and she rose. She gave me her hand once more, but I did step around her desk, and embraced her and kissed her once more, gently, without lingering. I stepped back and said, "Thank you, Bella. I don't think I can say that having you as instructor, instructress, was the best thing about the week, but it was very far from the worst."
She said, "I will be watching how your relationships with your girls, and others, go over the rest of the year.
"Just by the way, for what it's worth, the form you want is 'instructrix.' Or the form you should want, at any rate," she added dryly.
"Goodbye, Phil. Thank you for your wholehearted participation."
"Goodbye, Bella. And I do hope for time to talk with Mrs. Lanigan sometime soon."
I turned and went out.
When I reached the cafeteria, both of my girls were there. They both stood up and kissed me on the cheeks. "No perfume, either he didn't or he cleaned up afterward," Sam announced.
"We did nothing beyond a completely chaste goodbye kiss. The kind a four year old boy would give his nonna, in fact."
Jenny looked at me with a little concern. "Phil, are you all right? I know your feelings for her went past anything normal for a student to his instructor, especially one thirty-five years or so older. And yes, I hope I look anywhere near that good when I'm in my fifties, she's beautiful and I can see why you found her physically attractive. And she's nice enough for more attraction than that, especially for you. I'm not going to miss John a bit, and he was OK. But, well, I really mean it, are you OK?"
I took a deep breath. "I'm fine, I think. Yes, I love her a little, too. From the beginning, for whatever reason, she was always an older lover instructing an ignorant kid, not an instructor doing a job. An instructrix. I'm feeling just a little down at losing that. I don't think it will take all that long to get past it, really, it was only a week, and you two and a bunch of others will enjoy consoling me.
"I think you're officially not my partners any longer. I wonder how long they'll let us keep the hammock. And how long Sam will let it keep making her room tiny. You made me tell you what to do this afternoon, and I think I'll let you tell me where I'm sleeping tonight, and with whom."
The two looked at each other, and then Jenny stepped up and kissed me, surprisingly passionately. She stepped back a step, leaving her forearms or wrists on my shoulders, and hesitated slightly before saying, "Phil, darling, my first and best partner. My first and only love. Will you do something for me?"
I had no idea what was coming, but the way this was going didn't exactly fill me with joyful anticipation. "Jenny, you know I would do a lot for you. I'm tempted to say, 'Anything within reason,' except that the way you're asking me gives me pause. Why don't you just tell me what you want, and we'll see. You know I love you, and I love pleasing you."
"Phil, this may kind of shock you. Will you please lay me back on one of these tables and screw me, the way you did before lunch yesterday with Sam. Please?"
I felt pretty startled, if not shocked. I'm sure my mouth was gaping open for a few seconds. "Jenny, I'll try not to ask you more than once, but it will be really hard. Are you really, really sure you want to do this? If you are, then we'll do it. You can tell me later why the change of heart. If you say yes and we start, I won't let you back out. And you realize, it won't be exactly the same, and it sure won't get the kind of attention that did."
As if to demonstrate this, from a way across the room, there were suddenly loud cries, "Oh! Ohhhh! Ohhhhhhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh!" A lot of people looked over in that direction—I did myself, and there was a girl bent over at the side of a table, a boy thrusting into her from behind—and some turned, some moved to get a better look, but no large crowd collected. Most people continued their conversations after a moment.
As did we. "I know, and at this point I regret it, I mean not making you do it to me that same day at supper. Though the shower was wonderful, too. But yes, I really do want you to. Take me any way you want. I know you won't, but if you want anal and then I suck you, I'm game. I'd rather you just screw me the way you did Sam, the way you might any time you wanted sex with me, but with you, anything, Phil."
"All right, then, there's not a lot of time before they'll start serving, and I'm going to take some time with this. Sam, please do something for me, you'll miss watching the very beginning, I'm sorry. Go to the door monitor. Tell him, or her, that this is not an emergency, but that B—Mrs. Lanigan said she regretted not having been there to watch when I did this with you, and that I'm starting with Jenny, and it's possible she would like to know. Leave it up to the monitor whether to call." And bless her, she nodded and hurried off toward the door.
"Now, Jenny, come over here. I suspect you'd rather skip the preliminaries, but they're going to be extended. Sit here in my lap, this way around." I sat and indicated which way I wanted her.
I began by putting my arms around her and kissing her. She just kissed back, except that that sounds entirely passive, and she wasn't at all. She gave it everything she had. When we broke, she was panting as though I'd been fondling her for half an hour. I kissed her again, but this time I did let my hand play with her breasts. She turned slightly forward to give me better access with the other hand, and made whimpering noises back in her throat. She broke off and said breathlessly, "If you don't do something else, I'm going to come just like Ellen did, just from my breasts, and I've still got everything on!"
"Sounds great to me, but let's do something about the clothes part." I started on her buttons, but she pushed my hands away and did it herself. I did get in and unfasten her bra strap, and she got all that off really fast. I spent some time kissing and fondling those breasts, eliciting a lot of panting and whimpers and moans. At this point she wasn't all that loud, but people at nearby tables actually were starting to pay attention, to my surprise. I slipped my free hand down to her thigh.
Now, anyone could see that the shorts the girls wore weren't tight but generally pretty baggy. And of course by now every boy in our class had experience enough to know that the panties weren't close-fitting, either. I slid my hand in under the shorts, and began by just rubbing the crotch of her panties. And just from that one small addition, she came. She managed to control herself enough to turn her head away from mine so that she wasn't shrieking directly into my ear, but she didn't moderate her volume any. Her moaning was urgent and pleading. To my surprise, we were indeed drawing a crowd. Not like Sam and I had, nearly everyone in the room plus the kitchen staff, but a couple of dozen people had gathered. Sam had gotten back before it started to get crowded, and bagged a chair at the next table over, turning it around so she could see pretty close up.
Now I ran my fingers through the leg hole of her panties and fingered her pussy directly. Between the shorts and the panties, I didn't have a lot of range of motion, but I got plenty of response anyway. She was wet enough to be dripping, had her clothes not been absorbing it. I tried, entirely by feel, to stroke some of the most responsive areas, and she nearly broke my neck trying to pull me harder into her for a kiss, whimpering urgently. When she came again, she didn't do such a good job at sparing my ears, but I didn't complain. When she was finally through that one, I told her, "Stand up and let me get those pants off you." She stood off and pulled them down and off herself, then hopped up to get her ass on the edge of the table. She looked at me a little uncertainly, and for a moment I wondered whether she was having second thoughts, but then I realized she was wondering whether I was going to eat her or whether I would want her to stretch out now. So I moved my chair over in front of her and zeroed in with my mouth.
She was quick enough at coming that I kept at it for another two. Apparently, whatever change of heart she had had about being on display made her find it very exciting indeed. Only fairly far into the process did she let herself lie back and direct her moans and cries at the ceiling.
I told her, "Scoot up so I can come in," and started shucking my own clothes. I tossed them and Jenny's both to Sam for safekeeping, then got up on the table myself. For a moment, I lay beside Jenny and kissed her, fondling breasts and then pussy, before getting to my knees and getting in position and letting her guide me in.
By this time, I was too close myself, and I said quietly, "I can't wait too long."
She said, "Go ahead and come, then, I want you to." I tried to hold back, but I just couldn't, and I came with a few soft cries of my own. She held me tight, and said, "Oh, Phil, you're wonderful, thank you!"
When I pulled out and moved over beside her, though, suddenly Sam was standing by my shoulders and holding me down. "Just stay there a minute," she said. She and Jenny must have arranged this, because Jenny, after grabbing a few napkins and stuffing them between her thighs, turned around and lay on my torso and started in on my cock with her mouth. Between them, I really couldn't move anything but my legs and forearms. There are times to just let things happen instead of fighting them, and this was one.
She kept working on my cock, never mind that it was pretty limp. There were approving comments from the watchers. I realized that, contrary to my expectations, quite a lot of people were staying to watch instead of getting their food. Somewhere in all this, the signal had sounded, but I had ignored it.
Eventually my cock started to respond. She just kept at it until I came. She kept me in her mouth, sucking. She told me later that she had been selfish, that she wanted to do it that way instead of taking me in all the way. I had to tell her not to be ridiculous, that if I thought it really mattered I would have said something.
When Sam let my shoulders up, I sat up fast and grabbed Jenny, though. I pulled her across my thighs until her ass was in reach, and gave her a couple of small swats there. I then picked her up and turned her over, so that she was sitting across my legs, and kissed her soundly. There was applause, with approving comments. The crowd dispersed as we got up and started to get dressed.
I saw, off in the direction of the door, a small group of instructional staff people, and yes, Mrs. Lanigan was among them. Mr. Lanigan was there with her. She smiled at me and mimed applauding, as they all turned away and went off, presumably to their own interrupted suppers.
I did my best to collect everything I thought I might want to eat, a couple of trips' worth, before sitting down. I was afraid I might not be able to get back before serving ended, if I waited. We were squeezed in again, and in fact once again our group had overflowed to surrounding tables.
Barbara (Dearie) was at our table, with her erstwhile partner. She asked Jenny, "That was Phil again, with you this time, wasn't it?" When Jenny agreed, she said, "How did he ever convince you to do it? You're not as shy as I am, even now, but I honestly would have expected you to curl up and die, doing that with all those people watching you. I know I would."
"He didn't convince me. I asked him to, and he did it, because I wanted to and he loves me! But yes, this was, is, something kind of new for me. Kind of? I'm sorry, it's totally new! I don't know that I can explain it, especially a little quickly, so that it will make sense, but I'll try. First off, I was mortified just being there with them when Sam nudged Phil into it on Thursday. Phil did point out that we were supposed to be doing exhibitionism, and told me he thought something like that would be good for me in fact. He was right. I was kind of like you used to be, and it was fear, and when I realized that, well, something started to crumble.
"But then, um, you heard about him and Ellen, Wednesday night, right? She was having a lot of trouble relaxing, it had been so painful earlier, and he was so patient and tender. And at one point where she was having trouble, he asked her, will you trust me to stop if it hurts. And she said, Phil, with you, anything. And later I realized he had given me way more reason to trust him than he had Ellen, and I wasn't doing it.
"Anyway, he assured me that he wouldn't ask me to do anything in front of so many people, but said he would make me actually do something seriously exhibitionistic somewhere along the line. So last night, we showered together, and he picked me up and held me against the wall and screwed me. And it was wonderful. Um. That sounds like I mean it was out of the blue, but it wasn't at all. I knew it was coming, more or less, and he made love to me, kissing and touching as lovingly as he could, leading up to it. And it was wonderful! We didn't draw that much attention, honestly, but everybody in there knew, and most of them watched. And somehow that made it more exciting.
"So today, I suddenly realized. Having a few hundred people watching really isn't that much different from having five watching. And I love him, and he loves me. Phil and Sam, well, that Monday night, they didn't go that far, but they certainly had a public display of affection in front of a bunch of people, and they both meant it to kind of announce that things were right between them. And Thursday before lunch, they both got turned on by the attention, Sam does especially, but it really was an announcement, too. I wanted to make it clear about our feelings, to everyone, too. And I realized that I really can trust Phil, to care for me and put me before himself. I told him, I really meant 'with you, anything.' I told him, even if it's not my preference. Even if you decide to go in my ass and make me suck you off, I trust you, I'd rather not but I'll do it if it's you.
"I don't know whether that answers your question well enough. But, you see, he did not convince me, except just by being the kind of person and the kind of lover he is and has been."
She got busy eating. I had been kind of neglecting my own food, too, listening to her. Ellen (Chan) and Barbara both started to say something, and Barbara waved Ellen on. "Jenny, I know just what you mean. I love Brian dearly, and he has tried to be the kind of lover any girl would want, and mostly succeeded. And especially since Wednesday night. But Phil was my first, and from the beginning he was like that, everything you said. We knew it would hurt, and he worried about that, and tried to make it good for me. And he did, it was very good, even if a couple of first-timers got it even better from him. And I meant that, what you quoted me as saying, completely. And he took something that had been truly awful and made it good, too.
"Well, he has promised me at least one small fling sometime soon, and I realize there are a whole bunch of us waiting for at least that, so it may not be as soon as I like. But thank you for sharing him, before this week. I really learned more from him than from my instructor."
Barbara just said, "I'm glad Ellen got in first, because that's pretty much what I had to say, and she said it better. Phil and Jenny both, you took someone who was hurting, physically and emotionally, and were just so good to me. I know just what Jenny was saying about the exhibitionism, because it was exactly like that for me, trying to open up with other people. I would have never done it at all if Phil hadn't come and been so kind to me. He asked for what he was entitled to, by the rules, but he spent a long time trying to find out why I was so afraid and how he could avoid hurting me, much longer than he spent just screwing me.
"And despite my fears, it was pretty good, in the end, not great, but way, way better than I had been expecting and even hoping for. Not awful had been my hope. In fact—" She got up and came over to me, looked at me sitting there, and sat in my lap. She gave me a very big hug, and a quick kiss. "In fact, I've said it before, but not nearly often enough. Thank you, Phil. I could have just, well, had a very painful first time, and probably the next bunch too, and eventually fallen apart. The sex wasn't all that good, that time, but the caring and comforting were just wonderful. And later on, sex was as good as I think it ever can be, for me. Thank you again." She kissed me on the cheek, and hugged me, hard, again. As she got up, she said, "And your perfume is wonderful right now, too.Eau deJenny, I know. Thank you for caring for her, too."
She got up and went back to her own chair. Her own partner, or partner through the afternoon, Jon Voyage, kind of looked at her. He may or may not have noticed that, where Ellen had carefully made references to her affection for Brian, Barbara had not mentioned him, but I did. They were still here together tonight at supper, and earlier in the week they had looked reasonably lovey-dovey, but I couldn't help wondering a little. It's not that I didn't want sex with Barbara sometimes, I very much did, but I wanted to see her enjoying someone else steadily, too. Not just enjoying, but partnered to and happy about it.
Then two more girls came up to us, Barbara Wilson and Nancy Macdougal. I wasn't nearly as far along with supper as I had wanted to be, and I really hadn't been expecting Wilson before tomorrow, or Macdougal at all. I tried to shovel in a couple more bites quickly, then to get them down.
I got up and gave each of them a hug. I had very fond memories of each of them, somewhat different in kind but both very fond. I decided to be cautious, though. Yesterday, we had been on first name terms, but when that had been suggested—by Wilson, I suddenly remembered—it had seemed to be for that one event only.
"Wilson, Macdougal, I'm glad to see you both."
They looked at each other. Wilson said, "Yesterday it was Phil and Barbara and Nancy, and Jenny and Sam too. And I think I was the one who said it should be, and I was thinking of just for yesterday. But as things worked out, I would be pleased and proud if you would still call me Barbara. And I think Nancy feels the same. We've talked a lot about yesterday."
I said, "That was my impulse, but I was afraid of offending you. Please, I'm honored. There's another Barbara here, so if I need to I'll try to make clear which I mean. But I assume you came here looking for me. Is that right? And is it to talk about what we started on a little yesterday?" I was wondering why Nancy was there, if that was the case.
Barbara said, "That's right. Would right now be a good time? I mean, the after-supper time? I'm sure we can find you tomorrow if it's not, but I really want to discuss it with you, and you sounded like you didn't really want to put it off."
I looked at Jenny and Sam, who gave me no clue. I said, "Except that I've been talking and listening too much to eat, it's wonderful. If you can wait maybe ten minutes, while I just shovel it in, I'd appreciate it. And we had to leave hanging whether this is something my partners, well, officially ex-partners now, but my very dear friends and companions, should be in on. If you've made your mind up, please tell me while I eat, and please excuse my manners."
Of course, they couldn't just let me eat. "It really depends," Barbara said. "It's just that we don't know them really. Let me start by asking them, and you can have your say, too, when you have a moment.
"But first, can we be Jenny and Samantha and Barbara and Nancy for the moment, at least? You've seen all my interaction, our interaction I mean, with Phil, and I for one feel, as a result of just that one time, that I know him a lot better. After we've all talked, we can decide who is doing first names permanently, is that OK?"
Both of my girls just said, "Barbara, Nancy," and Jenny added, "Thank you, I'd love to."
Barbara and Nancy looked at me, then at my girls. "We have some really personal stuff to talk about," Barbara said. "Stuff we really don't want to be spread around. And we really don't know you, is the thing. Did Phil say anything about it?"
"Not one word, except that he wanted to talk with you. Barbara, that is, he didn't bring Nancy into it," said Jenny. "And to make sure we understood that he wasn't making dates behind our backs, he emphasized talk, not screw." And Sam said, "Same here. I was there."
Ellen (Chan) broke in. "Barbara, Ellen and Deedee and I were with them last night. In telling about the afternoon activity, he mentioned that he had been partnered with you. Um, Sam and Jenny, the three of us know a little about this, enough to know she doesn't want it spread and why. Anyway, we were kind of startled, and I guess we showed it, because Phil hustled everyone else out of the room and told us just enough so we knew he knew a little—given that we did know some—and said that he wanted to talk with you. No more, even to us. And his partners were out in the hall waiting with the boys. When they came back in, he told them—and I confirmed—that it is really something personal and they shouldn't try to pry it out of him.
"And for what it's worth, I will say I would trust Jenny to keep her mouth shut if she says she will, period. I don't know Sam as well now, but what I have seen leads me to think she will, too, whatever the old Samantha might have done. But Phil is a better guide on that."
I got my mouth empty long enough to say, "I would trust either of them to keep confidential anything I asked them to. I'm less sure about things other people ask them to keep quiet about, but I think so there as well, if they promise to. And if you choose to let them in on this, I am definitely telling them that it's confidential and that they are being allowed in on it only because I say they can be trusted." I went back to eating.
Barbara visibly dithered for a moment, but said, "Enough other people know. If you want to be in on something you'll need to keep mum about, I'll accept that. And I think it is likely a good idea, since it sounds like you're still going to be kind of Phil's partners, for a while anyway, and I have some things I want to ask him to do, if it's OK with him."
I finished the last things I had to eat, then stood up and grabbed a tray back from where we had stacked them. I suddenly realized that Jenny was still eating, and sat down again. "I'm sorry, I was thoughtless, I only considered myself. We need to wait for Jenny."
She had taken less than I had, but she wasn't cramming it in the way I had. She finished a bite, and then said, "You can take your stuff and the rest of mine and whatever else back while I finish." She went back to eating. I thought this was a sign of my feeling flustered. Normally I would have done that without thinking. I was a little concerned about this talk. I had questions, yes, but the more I had thought about them, the more they had come to feel like simple nosiness. And I wondered what Barbara wanted from me, and how Nancy came into it. If they had both been lesbians, that would have made sense, maybe—but it had seemed really clear, if anything in life is ever clear, that Nancy was no lesbian.
I took back a loaded tray of dishes and came back. Jenny had finished, and other people told me to just leave her stuff. Which was only fair, since I'd taken a lot that wasn't Sam's or Jenny's or mine. It tended to work this way, and if I hadn't needed to wait for Jenny before leaving, I thought everyone would have told us to leave everything for them to deal with. The girls, all four, got up, and we started off.
"Two things first," I said. "I need to stop by the lavatory, and where are we going to talk? Jenny and I have been staying in Sam's room, and it's crowded by a hammock, but at least some of us can sit on that if we go there."
"Would you mind if we went to my room?" Barbara asked. "I'm already feeling like I'm dumping a lot on you three. There are enough places to sit." Well, it wouldn't be any more crowded than five of us studying in Jenny's room, I thought.
So we told the monitor her room number for me, then all went to the girls' lavatory, and then on to her room. Three of us sat on the bed, and two on chairs by the desk. I was one in a chair. I really wanted to be able to see everybody without having to lean around someone else, and the three sitting on the bed might have had trouble. But in the end, Nancy sat in the middle, back against the wall, while two others sat at the edge of the bed, but cross-legged up on top, so they could sit turned a little and all see each other.
I said to Jenny and Sam, as seriously as I could, "OK, you're here, and I think you should be, otherwise you wouldn't be here. But I really mean it, not one word of what we talk about goes beyond those present, without their permission. Not mine, theirs. I trust you on this. Please don't let me down.
"Barbara, is it OK if I just tell them what we said yesterday? I don't really know what you've said to Nancy, but then they'll all know everything I know, and we can go on from there." She agreed. I summarized as best I could, with Barbara adding a few words from time to time.
When I was done, Barbara said, "You said you wanted to talk, I think you have questions. We may as well start there."
"As I've thought about it, I'm kind of ashamed. I feel like what I want to ask is just nosiness, my own curiosity. So really, any time you like, feel free to say anything at all isn't any of my business, OK? I'd rather think of it as a deep desire to understand, so that I can treat you better and be a friend to you, but I'm not sure that's honest.
"Partly, I'm interested in how it happened, I mean something like when you realized and what it felt like, and feels like now. And I guess, how you've managed, in general and this week in particular. And you said some of the girls know, and I happened to find out who three of them are, but how did that come about?"
She looked at me for a moment. "I see why you feel you're prying, but don't. Those are all fair questions, once I told you what I did. Let's see. As far as realizing. Hmm. I need to start back further, I think. Most little girls, it seems, at some points idolize some women or older girls, maybe ones they know personally, like teachers or aunts or neighbors, or movie actresses or what have you. They see them as beautiful, and get kind of a crush on them. I'm sure everyone but you in this room knows firsthand about this." No one demurred, and there were nods. "I'd say for most, what this does is to give them an idea of what they want to be like as grown women, and it's important for that. The right teacher, say, can motivate a girl to a lifelong love of books, or of some subject. This shapes their characters for later life.
"At some point, though, starting a little before the obvious bodily changes of puberty, they start to find boys fascinating, hopefully boys their own age. They form crushes on them and generally act pretty silly about them. Initially, it often takes the form of pretending to dislike whichever boy they like, trying to draw his attention. Their friends may be boys or girls, but they tend to share about this stuff with girls, not boys—if they share about it at all. Not always, but usually.
"For me, somehow, that part didn't work normally. I started to find girls, my own age and a little older, fascinating in kind of the same way. I didn't do the kind of flirting with them that they were doing with boys, because they were all fixated on boys, so I just didn't tell anyone. I found boys kind of silly, as they did their own posturing to impress the girls—including me, of course.
"Well, things have been changing, but even so, getting accused of being a lesbian and teased because a girl doesn't run after boys still happens, and I didn't want it to happen to me. I didn't have anyone I felt I could trust enough to talk to, period. But you understand, I had the same kind of romantic daydreams most girls do. It was just girls I imagined wanting to kiss me, and I kept it entirely to myself."
"Ouch!" I said. "So you felt really isolated? Lonely?"
"Well, in a way. I did have good friends, mostly girls. There were some boys, too, but as time went on they tended to want romantic interest, and I just didn't play that game. There was one boy I had known forever, when we were little we did everything together, and all along I could talk to him about anything—except this. And he was open with me, too. I think he wished I would show romantic interest in him, but I didn't, and he was still my friend. I had to babysit him through some ups and downs over other girls, from time to time. If he guessed what was—see, I start to say 'what was wrong,' I mean what was up with me, he had the kindness to keep it to himself.
"But yes, I felt that there was this really important thing about myself I couldn't tell anyone, and so I sometimes felt very lonely and bitterly unhappy about it. And thank you for understanding.
"Anyway, when I got here, I made friends. All girls, really, at least for close ones. Maybe I just didn't trust boys, not too deeply, by then. Nancy has been the closest and most loyal, from early on. And the last couple of years, well, there were times when for all of us, um, well we get horny in a general way. Sexually aroused, not so much with any specific person in mind as just generally. This happens to boys, too, doesn't it?
"This was especially hard on me, of course, since I was surrounded more closely by girls I found attractive that way, running around half-dressed or undressed, not to mention in the showers, just because it was OK since there weren't any boys to see them. But anyway, at some point I let slip to Nancy, and one or two others, the awful truth about me. I think the others were a little shocked, but they were all too good as friends to let it be an issue—since I didn't go after them that way, at least. But at one point, this past summer, Nancy said to me, well, I'm so keyed up I can't stand it. And I know some girls touch themselves, but that's not what I want. And you would like to kiss me and stuff, you're too considerate to ask it, but you would, wouldn't you? I'm to the point where it can't be worse than where I am now. So anyway, we made out some, and I wound up coming. That was out of the blue, and I managed to stifle most of the noise but not all of it.
"We had both enjoyed the kissing and touching." Nancy nodded. "But—well, this left me satisfied, sort of, but Nancy was keyed up more than ever. Well, I knew, not even the theory, but the idea of oral sex, that lesbians did that. I told her I didn't know what I was doing, but she let me try, and she came too.
"OK, Nancy really is straight. All her own imagination, her daydreams, had been boys. This didn't change her in that, but she did find she liked kissing and even fondling me. And when she was really hot, I could give her pleasure and release. So we've been lovers, with the benefit being mostly mine. This game in gym, and now this week, all has been pretty good for her, but you can imagine how dismal for me. I mean, my instructor and my partner tried—some—to treat me right and turn me on, but they kind of assumed that it would happen. Yes, when they ate my pussy, it helped, it stimulated me a little and provided some lubrication for them, too. But I never was anywhere near coming from it, and a cock in my pussy was about as uncomfortable and sometimes painful as one up my ass. Having someone spray all over me didn't do a thing for me, just left me a mess, and swallowing it wasn't much better, but both were better for me than getting screwed.
"I think that's a pretty complete answer to your questions, isn't it? Except one thing. Yesterday. In desperation I told you why I just wanted to suck you and leave it at that. And you were understanding, and kind and considerate. You wanted to eat me for my benefit, though I'm sure you liked it too. You asked me about kissing. I've learned that you do really kiss first, even in gym, if the girl will, and you ask first most of the time—that wasn't just for me. Neither my instructor nor my partner had any interest in kissing, or in my feelings. You did, for a one-time quick screw. An assignment. Now, with Nancy, I've experienced some really good orgasms, and I know what I had yesterday was pretty blah, but you cared enough to really try, and all your caring, my realization that you cared, made it possible at all.
"So I'm willing to tell you all this, not just because I kind of owe it to you for yesterday, but because I know you really do want to understand. And thank you."
I thought about this for a while. I thought I understood it pretty well. While I was thinking, Barbara thought of something else to add.
"One more thing, I should have said this. You asked me about how kissing a boy felt to me. And what I said, that it might have seemed disgusting before, but that after getting screwed so much it didn't seem likely to be worse than boring, well, that was true. But I kissed you partly as cover, for the show we were supposed to be putting on, and also helping cover up my real feelings. But when we did it, it felt just about like kissing a girl, like kissing Nancy. I was turned off by the situation, but kissing you was pretty nice in spite of that. And I guess I should also add that once I had come, there didn't seem to be any reason not to screw. It felt good. Not pushing me toward coming again, though I kind of wish it had, but pretty pleasant in a general sort of way. I started it because I knew it wouldn't hurt—since I was now wet and relaxed inside—and to say thank you, so that you got something too, but I'm really, really glad I did it. Maybe the next time I get caught in gym, if I can remember that, it won't be quite so bad."
I said, "Thank you. It really helps me understand. I'm glad yesterday wasn't a complete bust for you in the end. It wasn't outstanding for me, either, but I enjoyed it a lot, and I do thank you. It really meant a lot, and it means even more now that you've told me all that.
"And that kind of takes most of my other questions away. I had been wondering why Nancy was here, maybe just for moral support, or what? But unless she has something to add, I think that question is answered. I did have another question for her, but it can wait for another occasion if need be. I'm really glad you found such a good friend.
"But I think you said you had something you wanted to say, or ask, anyway, something for me. Did that all get covered?
"Wait, one other thing! You said you'd told a couple of other girls. Were those Ellen and Ellen and Deedee? Or how did they know? They were really concerned that I might have treated you badly, unknowingly—they know I wouldn't do that deliberately. Or I guess that I might say something about it, one or the other."
Barbara smiled. "No, they weren't the ones I told. Deedee's room is right there, the other side of that wall, and they heard Nancy and me, and asked me. I wasn't close to them, and I guess I'm still not really, but they're all really wonderful people—as I'm sure you know better than I do. I explained the situation, and they promised not to spread it around. I'm glad you had a talk with them, and I guess maybe I should tell them later what we've been saying. Or tell Deedee and ask her to pass it on just to the others.
"Anyway, I had two things to say, and one of them mostly got covered. I really owe you a lot for yesterday. I don't think you can really understand how much it took an awful week and capped it with something really nice. And I mean that when I say I owe you. And I'm going to ask you for something else, and if you do it I'll owe you even more, and what can I ever do to pay it all back?
"Would you be willing, maybe every couple of weeks or every month or something, to do that again? I mean. Um. I don't mean to screw me, you've shown me that's not what you're doing even when you describe it that way. To make love to me. I don't mean that you'll ever have the effect on me that you do on these two—or that you did on Nancy. But I think I need practice, for all the reasons we were supposed to practice this week. If I could find another boy or two who would approach it the way you did yesterday, that would be good too. But I think occasional time with you might help me feel less like any man who ever asks me for a date is just selfishly out for whatever he can get, for example. And I may have to screw someone in the long run, for practical reasons, or just because he's been really nice to me or something, and I'd rather have some good memories to help me when and if."
I said, "I would love to. And at this point I find I'm saying that an awful lot, and then having to say that I'm saying it so much that finding time may be an issue. I hope Jenny and Sam have really resigned themselves to this, because it keeps happening. Honest, it's not that I'm looking for more bed partners, they come to me! And unless Jenny and Sam find guys they like better, I really do feel I should give them my first and best.
"As for other guys, I'll offer one suggestion. I can tell you Ellen Chan's partner for the week, Brian Jennings, has the right attitude and is interested in practicing to get better, I mean at listening and caring as part of making love. And he feels he owes me, too. If you talk to him, and I would recommend including Ellen, tell him I said this would be a favor to me, too. Maybe even talk to Ellen first. Anyway, think about him. You'd have to bring him in on your secret life, of course, but I'm sure he won't talk if you ask him not to.
"But I'm going to have to make a little list. I'm just going to forget people if I don't. Girls, I mean. I am not speaking figuratively, either. An honest to goodness list."
Nancy spoke up. "Well, I'm in on this mostly as Barbara's friend and moral support, and because I came into what she needed to tell about. We thought, after yesterday, if she just said she had a friend who was straight but willing to make love to her anyway, it would be pretty obvious.
"But I had something, too, of my own. I said it yesterday, but I want to reinforce it. Please, really, put me on your list, too, OK? As often as you can! Unlike Barbara, I enjoyed the game in gym, mostly, sometimes a lot. And part of why I was so ready yesterday was watching you with Barbara, a whole lot of mixed up gratitude and I don't know what else—but that was still the best sex I've ever had, and I hope for more like it."
"OK, OK. I liked it too. But it probably won't be often. And too likely not as good, either."
There was a moment's silence, and then Jenny spoke up. "Nancy, why don't you and Phil have a turn now? I'd offer it to Barbara, first, I think, but it sounds like she's not interested that soon. And probably never interested the same way. But at any rate," she went on, looking at Sam, "if it, um, cuts into his ability later, well, I had a turn before supper, as everyone here is aware."
Barbara said, "I might take you up on that, even though you didn't quite offer it to me. I don't know, I can't think how to explain it. It's not that Phil exactly attracts me, um, that way. Phil, it's the care you showed me as a friend. At this point, that's what I crave, not the, not another cock in my vagina. But somehow, um, if, um—. The final act yesterday afternoon was nice, but not exciting. Not for me or for you, right? I can't help wondering whether we can't make it better, the whole thing. It was all for you at the end, pleasant enough for me but—I don't know what I mean, but I want to try it again."
"What would you want me to do?"
"I think, pretty much anything you want, from what I've seen of you. What we did yesterday, if we can do it better.
"And while we're at it, how did you convince Jenny to do that, earlier? My first thought was almost to call it all off, talking to you like this I mean, thinking you were somehow making her do it. But she so obviously enjoyed it, I realized I was wrong. But I saw her, when you and Sam did that yesterday, and she looked mortified just being there, when she wasn't even the one doing it."
"You really were wrong," Jenny said. "I asked him to do it. I wanted to. I should have asked before. You know, this is Phil. I could say he made me do it in the shower last night, I don't think you were there. But if I had really said, Phil, please, no, I can't bear to do that, he would have said OK. He reminded me of our instructions, and told me it would be good for me, I needed to get past this hangup. That's not how he put it, but I was hung up. And yes, the shower had a lot fewer people in it, and I started off nervous, but it was fun. With Phil, not with some other boy I didn't actually know and didn't care about. So tonight, before supper, I thought, I really do trust him. And I asked him to please do it that way with me.
"And doing it that way somehow really, really got me going. That was the best ever, for me, and almost every time with Phil has been really good. I'm so happy I did it!"
Barbara said, "Well, having boys screw me started out way out of my comfort zone. After a few weeks, it had mostly gone to being boring, nothing for me. Like, oh no, here it comes again. Then, this past week, there was just too much of it. My instructor's cock, my partner's cock, poking me everywhere, over and over. But, again, Phil, you were willing not to make that kind of demand. You tried, really tried, to make it good for me. Kissing you was, well, not what I would have dreamed about, but you let me take it my way, in my own time. Even to offering to do it, not asking to do it. You took as much time as you needed, on my pussy, and if it wasn't the best orgasm ever, even for me, it was my first orgasm with a man, because you cared about me and kept trying. So I took you inside and screwed you, well, partly it was gratitude, but after I'd come, just having you there was comfortable enough, and comforting. And I really would like to see if it couldn't be a little more."
I said, "My schedule person assigned this turn to Nancy, but I'm willing to try again with you. More than willing, if it really is what you want. You've said twice that it is. But if you should change your mind, the sooner you speak up, the better. OK? But Nancy, you have a say in this, too. First say, in fact."
"I'll be disappointed, I admit, but please, go ahead with Barbara. Only, can I hug her and tell her something, first?" She turned to Barbara and hugged her. Barbara kissed her on the cheek, and said, "Thank you." Then Nancy said, "Barbara, you're being brave, and I'm proud of you. Now give him something to remember you by!"
Barbara said, "Phil, if Nancy could get to where she really enjoys kissing me, I should be able to get to where I really enjoy kissing you, where it gets me wet and ready. Can we start out there?"
So I got up and stepped over to her and pulled her to her feet. I kissed her, kind of tentatively. I said, "I think I usually like to stand up to kiss because it makes undressing you—I mean my partner, whoever she is—a lot easier, and also so I can move on to her breasts. I don't know whether that makes sense, here. I find sitting side by side kind of awkward. Lying down together and sitting with her—you—in my lap are what seem best to me. Tell me what you'd like, and we'll do it, even if it's the one I said I don't prefer."
She said, "I would love to sit in your lap." So we sat, and we kissed for quite a while. She closed her eyes, and the kisses started to have some passion to them. After quite a while, she said, "Phil, this is working, better than I ever thought it could. I don't know how it will end up, but would you please touch me, feel me up, however you want to describe it. You've been keeping your hands to yourself, and I know that's been for me, to not rush me, but go on!"
She kissed me again. I let my hands wander down and wander over her breasts, yes, still through clothes. She was breathing a little faster. She still mostly kept her eyes closed, but especially between kisses, she sometimes opened them and looked at me. She said, "Really touch me. Please!"
I assumed I knew what she meant. I unbuttoned her blouse, unfastened her bra in back, and cupped her breasts under her bra. The nipples were erect and fairly hard. I rubbed them gently, and she breathed even faster. "Oh, you feel wonderful. Don't stop there." I slid the blouse down her arms behind her, then the bra in front. I kissed her again, and then bent over to nuzzle her breasts. They were beautifully shaped.
"I told you yesterday that you're beautiful, and I meant it, and I mean it now. I said, for you only, that's true whoever gets to enjoy your beauty, your body, in the long run. I mean that. Right now, I'm glad to be the one, but it seems likely it will be some woman someday, and I hope she appreciates how beautiful you are and how nice as well." I bent back to her breasts, sucking on each nipple in turn. She gasped twice as I did this.
I unbuttoned her shorts, and started to pull them down together with her panties. She wiggled her hips to help. I pulled them down over her feet, putting them with her blouse and bra. I reached down to take her feet, one by one, and untied her shoes and removed them and her socks. They just went on the floor.
"What's your preference now? Do you want to undress me? Or shall I lay you down on the bed and then do it myself? Or would you prefer to move yourself?"
"Please, kiss me again. Then, any of those. But thank you for offering me a choice."
We kissed, in fact a couple of times. And I fondled her breasts and a little in her pussy as we did. This time, at least, she really was wet enough on the outside. Her panty crotch had been more than faintly damp. I wasn't going to just push in at this point, but if I did, there would be enough lubrication that friction wouldn't be the problem.
I warned her, "Picking you up, now," and gathered her and laid her on her bed. She lay there with her eyes closed. I undressed pretty quickly, then went over to her. I pulled the covers down from under her, and got in beside her. I said, "Is this still OK with you?"
Her eyes opened, a bit wide, and she said, "Oh, Phil, please keep going. I'm ready for whatever you want to do, more than I ever was all week for anyone. Please, I asked you to do this. Will you trust me to tell you if I think I need to stop?"
"Yes, Barbara. I'll try to remember that." I put my arms around her and pulled her to me, and kissed her again. I took a hand and moved it to her pussy. I moved up and down between the labia, going into her vagina just a bit now and then for more lubrication.
I told her, "Yesterday, when I was eating you, I wanted to put a finger in. But I was afraid it would startle you and interrupt you, and I didn't feel that I could warn you or ask you verbally, with everyone watching. Unless you tell me not to, I'm going to do that now, just for a few moments." She just pulled my head in for another kiss, without even opening her eyes, and so I pushed my index finger in. She didn't gasp or moan or anything like that, but she kissed me again, with even more passion in it. I moved the finger in and out slightly, and then withdrew it, spreading the moisture that came out with it as best I could. I touched the most sensitive areas, and thought that they weren't ready yet, though they were starting to get there.
I said, "Moving you now, unless you'd rather I lie on top of you to eat your pussy. If I do that, I'm not asking you to suck on me, just try to keep me out of the way. Please tell me your preference here."
She said, "If I don't promise not to suck a little, will you still lie on top of me?"
"If that's what you really would like. But if you're sure you want to do that, having you kneel around my upper chest, your pussy over my face, is likely to work better."
She got up and straddled me. She bent over and gave my cock a kiss, then said, "I'm sorry, that was just to see whether that part worked for me. It really didn't. I'm sure there are girls who could do it and really mean it. But this is for real." She took it into her mouth and sucked on it a little, as I began on her pussy. I stopped long enough to say, "Um, if you really want that in down here later, don't spend too much time on it now." I went back to attending to her pussy. I did put a finger in after a while, and this time she did gasp. I kept on going, and felt her begin to move and to tighten up. I still kept going, trying to stimulate the most sensitive areas, gently, not too hard. She continued to move and gasp and moan, more rhythmically, a little faster. When she came, it wasn't like the one the day before. It wasn't like the ones Jenny'd had before supper, either, but I'm quite sure neither of us was disappointed.
I backed off a bit to let her recover some, and then continued. "What are you doing?" she asked.
"Trying for another one. Trust me." I licked, and probed a little with my finger, which I thought didn't do much, but she continued to build. When she finally came again, it was definitely longer, and left her panting pretty hard.
"Phil, please, it's time for your turn. Really."
Reflecting that I was trying to let her direct me, I said, "You're the one in a position to decide what to do—unless I misunderstood and you really want me to try for one more of the same." At this point, she took my cock into her mouth just for another moment, circling it with her tongue. This time I was the one gasping and thrusting, much as I tried not to.
"Some other time, I promise, Phil. We both really want the final act, don't we?" And she sat up onto her knees, moved to my side, got herself turned around, and started to lie down on her back.
I told her, "Please, on top again. Unless you really prefer the bottom." She had been on top yesterday, and I was pretty sure she would feel more comfortable if I weren't holding her down as I pushed myself in.
She hesitated a moment, then said, "I promise, some other time for that too, then, if you give me enough turns. You're probably right that this is better for now." She positioned herself and guided the tip in, then slid herself straight down my cock and moved to lie down on me. "That feels really good. Honestly, a finger is no real substitute—boy's or girl's. I don't know whether a good dildo would be, and I don't care. Thank you, Phil." She kissed me once, quickly, and began thrusting her hips up and down my cock. I tried to help without moving so much I would come too fast. She moved faster. She was up on her knees enough that the bottom of her abdomen was rubbing against mine with each thrust. She was definitely tensing up, and her gasps and little moans were more and more urgent. Soon she came, and that was the end of it for me, too.
When we were both done, she said, "I think that was the way it's supposed to be. And with a man, at that! Phil, that was wonderful! Sometimes, earlier on, I was trying to imagine you were a woman, and that helped, but I couldn't really do that with your cock against my face, or inside me, could I? I'm so glad you were willing. Thank you!"
I said, "It was about as good as it normally gets for me, too. When you're near coming, and especially when you come, it almost feels like your vagina is sucking on me, as if I were in your mouth. And, for me anyway, this position, where we're face to face and body to body, is the way it's made to be. I'm making love to you, we're doing it together, I'm not just poking you in one orifice or another for my own enjoyment. Thank you for doing it with me!
"We'll try to make sure we keep trying it. I hope it will help you, next year and beyond."
She must have noticed that I was limp enough to be kind of oozing out and away. She kissed me, with affection, maybe even love, but no urgency whatever, and then came up off me to lie beside me for a minute.
Nancy handed her some tissue, and then started to give me some. She suddenly changed her mind, and put the box down. She bent over me, and took my cock into her mouth, and cleaned me off that way, again. She leaned over me and kissed me, hard. "Phil, that was wonderful. You were so good with her, and patient. It wouldn't have taken so long with me, but you kept on as long as you needed. Thank you. She may prefer my body and my touch to yours, but now she knows that the right man can be as good to her as any woman, at least in this. This week has been really hard on her—you already know that—and that's twice now you've made it better. Last time you surprised her, this time she trusted you."
"I'm sorry, I meant to surprise her with something else, and it's too late now. Barbara, next time, if we manage anything like that good, I'll clean you out with my tongue, as best I can. Or Nancy, whenever with you. That's twice you've cleaned me with your mouth, and you know you didn't need to do it."
"Yes, but I saw how much you liked it, when your own girls did it. And I needed to say 'thank you' in an unmistakable way, because both times you were so good to us."
Sam suddenly said, "Nancy, we're out of the period where we're only supposed to be with our partners for the night. Jenny gave Barbara a turn. May I give you mine, the whole night? Maybe let me have him as escort to the lav and back, but tell the monitor and you keep him?"
I said, "Don't I get a say in this?"
Sam looked like she was going to give a flippant, 'No, shut up and do what you're told,' kind of answer, and then suddenly she dropped her eyes. "Of course you do, Phil. That was incredibly rude of me, without asking you or at least saying, 'if Phil's willing.' You can have me any time tonight if that's what you want. Or Nancy, if that's OK with both of you. I'm sorry for presuming without asking."
"If Nancy agrees, I will, too. Please just try to remember to ask. And I love you." I gave her a quick kiss.
Nancy said, "That sound heavenly. Watching Barbara really enjoy it, and then getting a night with Phil too, myself? I don't think I could be that generous, in your place."
I said, "I kind of need to stop by Sam's room, or else go to mine, to get some stuff." So we all went off together to the lavatory, Sam holding one arm, and Nancy the other when I offered it to her. Jenny stayed to talk to Barbara for a while.
I said to Sam, "I'm sorry I spoke so sharply. I appreciate your generosity, too. It's been a wonderful week, after the awful beginning. I'm not sad that it's over, exactly, I can hardly think of a worse fate than having them go on endlessly telling us to do new minor variations. But as far as I'm concerned, you and Jenny still have a special claim, on my heart as well as on my time and my body."
Coming back, we stopped by Sam's room. We all went in. I said, "Sam, you and Jenny and I need to talk about where I'll be based, nights. I think it likely will be Jenny's, but I need to figure out really quickly what I'll be doing about class stuff. We had several, well, four plus me, studying together most of the time, enough to crowd her room as it was. I think you're in fewer of the same classes, or classes on the same schedule, anyway. I don't know quite how that's going to work, except that, um, reproductive biology study will have to be on the agenda a little less, since there will be nights ahead. And they may be studying with the guys they've had as partners, of course.
"Well, we've got tomorrow to think about it, and for the three of us to talk."
She kind of clung to me for a minute. We both said, "I love you."
Jenny came and knocked on the door as I was getting my clothes and toothbrush and a few other things that had accumulated during the week. She said, "I don't mean to cramp your style, but starting Monday if not tomorrow I need to get back to running, and so do you, and that means no serious sex then unless you wake up even earlier for it. Will we be running together?"
I said, "Yes, and thank you for thinking about it. I wouldn't have. But yes, I need it."
Nancy said, "Do you want him tomorrow morning, then? What time?"
"We meet at five thirty. Lav visits and so on have to come earlier. Whatever that 'and so on' covers."
"And I'll need to go to my room after all, either right away now or in the morning. I never thought to bring a jock strap."
"Would it be OK if I ran with you, too?" Nancy asked.
"Sure, if you want to, and if our pace is OK for you. Some of our friends would but can't, they don't get a workout at our speed. Sam, I don't know about you, either. I should at least know which groups you two have been in, but I don't remember. If you want to try, five thirty at the door we go out for gym."
She started to go out, but I grabbed her. I held her and said, "Jenny, thank you. Just running for a few days?"
She hugged me. "That's my plan, too, but we'll see."
"I love you."
She kissed me thoroughly, and said, "Enjoy Nancy, and see you at five thirty. And I love you, too. I bet you just say that to all the girls, though."
I kissed Sam once more, quickly, and we went out, Jenny heading for her room, Nancy and I for the monitor's desk. It turned out that Nancy's room was right next to Barbara's. I was about to head off there, and then said, "Oh, no. Jock strap. I'm sorry, you'll have to check me out for a run to the boys' wing."
The monitor said, "No, there's a stock of boys' underwear here now." She pointed to one of the linen cupboards in the hallway."
"Thoughtful of somebody. Thank you! I wonder how long it would have taken me to learn, otherwise."
"You'll still have to pick up the rest of your clothes and shoes, and probably your class materials, most days. If you do completely move in with someone, let housekeeping know—that is, ask me or whoever is here to notify them—and your clothes can go there. Just pick one girl's room, and remember that you won't have a key of your own, there."
"Thank you again." I collected a jock strap, and we headed off to Nancy's room.
"I'll run in today's clothes, other than this, I think." I waved the jock strap at her. "May I leave these clothes in your room in the morning, until showers? Whether or not you run? And will you shower with me, either way? There won't be time for too much before breakfast, although, well, Sunday. But I still will want to be at least almost on time for breakfast." Nancy agreed on all points.
When we were in her room, I took Nancy in my arms and said, "Thank you for being along for all that. I guess there was more to settle than I had realized. We'll need to learn to allow time for all this stuff, where before I just had to be out before curfew, and all my clothes and gear were there in my own room."
We kissed at some length, and started getting ready for bed. In the morning, we would both need to shave, different areas of course, and we discussed timing. We both got undressed. I left my clothes where I could grab them fast if I needed to go to the lavatory. Of course, that would mean waking Nancy up, so I could get back in.
We made love, and she was wonderful, so responsive. Not quite as much as the day before, when she had seen me with Barbara and then immediately watched a series of other couples, but very affectionate and ready at every turn. She looked at me when we were done. "I was thinking of trying to get you ready, and then finishing you one more time in my mouth. Can we do that some other time? It's pretty late, and you may wake me up in the night, one way or another, right?"
We set her alarm awfully early, trying to allow enough time for at least a quick screw before going out to run. We kissed a few more times, and fell asleep quickly, cradling each other. I was beginning to wonder whether I might not spend most of my nights alone after all. Those beds were narrow enough that two people couldn't sleep together without jostling as they moved.



Revision: 4/19/2019