It was about 8am when I woke up. I'm not a morning person. I'm always groggy when I first open my eyes. But slowly, memories of the night before started to come back to me. The first thing I noticed was, my right hand was still on my dick. Just where I'd left it. I smiled at that. As I arched my back to stretch, I felt a light, tight pull across my chest. Momentarily confused, I soon realized it was last night's dried cum tugging on my chest hairs as I moved my body. I smiled at that too.
Then I remembered the job-posting. And as I did so, I instantly started to harden. Had I dreamt it? I opened my computer, thinking to find the advert again. But when I woke up the machine, I saw the bbw porn I had fallen asleep to. No, it definitely wasn't a dream. I reached for my phone. The number was already punched in, waiting to be called. But it was still only 8am or so. "No way I can call before nine," I thought, placing the phone back on the night-stand. "May as well have a wank," I said to myself, laughing quietly. As if I could start my day any other way.
I started up the same video from the night before. My eyes hungrily devoured that big, fat woman as she peeled off one layer of clothing after another, each time revealing another delicious curve. As my right hand slowly pulled on my hardening dick, my left caressed my stomach. Now and again it would come to rest on a patch of hair, stiff with dried cum. The filthiness of it only turned me on more.
In the video, the woman had just dropped her bra to the floor and stood naked, gently swaying her wide hips. Her massive heavy tits hung down nearly to her belly-button, moving with a soft pendulous motion. Back and forth they went, her large dark aureolae entrancing me. As her hips continued to gyrate, I was soon drawn to her lower belly, which was large enough to overhang her crotch. And I found myself wondering what she did with her pubic hair...or if she had any at all.
I was jerking with utter contentment as the video played out before my hungry eyes. But soon her dance was done and she sat down in her chair, just as I remembered from last night. And just as last night, she leaned forward, looking into the camera, her tits resting heavily on her thighs. But this time, I didn't see her tits. I could only see her soft eyes, meeting mine, as if we were truly looking at one another. I paused the video.
I didn't want to jerk off to her performing for me. I wanted to perform for her. I wanted this image of her watching me. So I lay there jerking off, looking into those eyes. And slowly, a thought grew in me. I wanted to please her. I wanted to impress her. I could feel the pressure building. Slowly, without taking my eyes of the screen, I raised my legs up in the air, and then back over my head. My dick, which I had never stopped jerking, was now directly over my face. I kept looking at her. Those eyes. That smile. I knew that smile was for me, for what I was doing for her.
Faster and faster I jerked, feeling the pressure build. My breath was heavy. I wanted desperately to turn my face away from the screen, to open my mouth to my surging cock. I wanted to show her I could shoot straight down my own throat and swallow my own cum like a good houseboy. But I couldn't take my eyes away from her. I opened my mouth, but I couldn't turn my head, even as I felt the orgasm coming. My eyes were locked with her eyes when it happened. I could feel the hot cum splashing onto the side of my face, dripping down my cheek. I let go of my dick, let my legs down, so that I was laying flat on the bed again, face still turned to the monitor.
I made no effort to clean myself as I continued to look at this digital woman. "Imagine if this was real?" I thought to myself. "Imagine if this really was the job? I have to call!" I reached for the phone. It was only 845. But I had to call now. I had to call like this. I had to call with last night's dried cum across my chest, with this morning's cum still hot on my face, with my dick tired from hours of jerking, with my balls drained.
My finger hovered over the call button. I hesitated. Was I really going to do this? I took a deep breath. How could I not? I pressed the button. My heart raced as the phone rang. Would she answer? Was she even awake? Then, a voice.
"Hi, this is Carrie." She sounded pleasant and very much awake. I sat up in the bed and cleared my throat awkwardly.
"H-hi," I stammered. "Hi, my name is Jack. I'm calling about the add you posted. For the uh, the...the naked houseboy?"
"Oh, yes, wonderful." She sounded so friendly. "Do you have any questions?"
"Well, not as such, no." As I said this, a drop of cum dripped off my check and landed on my right breast. Absentmindedly, I rubbed it into my nipple. This seemed to give me confidence. "I mean to say, I'm very interested in the job. Would it be possible to set up an interview?"
"Yes, of course! But first, I'd like to ask you a couple of questions. I hope you don't mind. It's just that I'd hate to waste either of our time."
"No, please," I said. "Ask away."
"Very good. First, how old are you?" Her friendly tone now had an air of professionalism to it.
"I'm 31," I said.
"Wonderful," she said, mentally ticking the box. "Now for the other two questions, they may seem a bit redundant, as I was quite explicit about this in the ad. But, well, you'd be surprised how many people simply ignore or disbelieve these things."
"Is this about the 'no sex'?" I replied, probably a little too quickly. "Because I can assure you that will be no problem whatsoever. I mean, as long as we're not talking about some kind of strict chastity rules?"
"No, no. Nothing like that." I could hear her laughing. Her laugh was sweet and sexy and put a little twinge into my cock. "I just mean that under no circumstances will I ever consider having sex with someone in my employ. You would of course be free to date on your off hours, and even bring girls home."
"Or just take care of myself," I added, running a finger over my cum-stained face.
"Or that," she chuckled. "Of course."
"And the other question?" I asked, happily.
"Ah, yes. That was the 24/7 nudity. Naked, even on your off hours. That needs to not be a problem." This last bit was said somewhat sternly.
"No problem at all. I mean, who would apply for a naked-houseboy job if they didn't want to be naked all the time?" I hoped I wasn't sounding over-eager.
"Again, you'd be surprised," she said with a cute little laugh. "But ok, all this sounds great. Would you like to come by today at, say, 1pm for an interview?"
"Absolutely! Can't wait!" Ok, I definitely sounded over-eager.
"Perfect. I'll text you the address. See you then!' And with that, she hung up. I put the phone down. I was definitely giddy. I looked at the clock. Only 9. Four hours. Definitely time for another wank!
I hit play and resumed that wonderful bbw video from before. But now my mood had changed. For one thing, I'd finally heard the real woman's voice. I no longer wanted to project somebody else's body onto her. For another, I was no covered in two loads of my own cum. Perhaps unsurprisingly, this had put me in the mood for some bukkake porn. I settled on a video of a girl with big fake tits on her knees in the middle of a circle jerk. One by one, the guys started to blow their loads on her face. Every now and then, some cum would drip off her chin and onto her chest. Slowly, the camera panned out to show her giant, fake, spherical, bouncing cum-covered titties. That was enough for me as I shot a fresh hot load over last night's dry one.
I set my alarm for an hour and a half, as I could feel another nap coming on. I didn't bother cleaning this round of cum off myself either. "I'm gonna need a looong shower," I thought, as I drifted off to sleep. "I've got to look good for this interview..."