Cheryl smiled broadly at both Vicki and myself, and let out a long drawn-out sigh.
"I never thought I would, or could, ever be attracted to another woman," she confessed, "but I have to admit that it was absolutely wonderful. Thank you both very much for sharing this experience with me. I really enjoyed this. I've always been bi curious, but I've never found myself in the situation to try it before."
"I didn't either!" Vicki burst out. "I liked it too. Thank you Miss Cheryl, for letting me try it with you too. You're a very pretty lady, and it was nice to suck your boobies."
I smiled at Vicki's childish reference to Cheryl's tits. She had made a lot of headway since we had started dating, but she still slipped back to her autistic ways every now and then.
"Vicki..." Cheryl began. "I told you earlier that I wanted to talk to you in my office about something. Do you remember that?"
Vicki nodded vigorously.
"Of course!" she responded. "I'm not in trouble or anything, am I?"
"Oh no, of course not!" Cheryl said reassuringly. "It's just that after what we just experienced, I thought perhaps I could talk to you about it now, instead. Would that be okay?"
"Oh yes!" Vicki agreed happily, reaching between her legs and masturbating openly in front of both of us. "Mmm, what would you like to talk about?"
"Well, we have a lot of visitors who inquire about being clothes-free in the park." Cheryl explained, as she tried to ignore Vicki's innocence. "Like yourselves, they know there are no federal laws regarding public nudity, so I get probably 2-3 calls a week about people wanting to know if they can explore the park without wearing any clothes."
"And what do you tell them?" I inquired curiously.
"The same thing I told you." she replied. "In this state, you cannot be seen from a public right of way, so once they get out of sight; out of mind."
"You do realize that the public right of way to which you refer is actually owned by the Park Service, right?" I responded. "State law ends at the park entrance. It's your rules in the parking lot, Visitor's Center and even along the road itself. As the superintendent, you make that decision, not the state. Anyone can go clothes-free anywhere in the park if they wish, unless you designate it otherwise. Of course, having sex in a public area is something entirely different."
Cheryl stared at me for a few seconds.
"Are you an attorney by any chance, Jack?" she inquired.
I smiled and shook my head.
"No, but it does behoove me to keep abreast of the law; no pun intended." I replied. "Why, did I upset you?"
"No." Cheryl responded, shaking her own head in reply. "I honestly did not know that. Look, I was going to offer Vicki a job as a docent here in the park, that was free to disrobe once she got out into the pathways, but you have brought up a very good point, and it's something I was not aware of, and I now intend to look into this matter is much greater detail."
She turned her gaze to Vicki.
"If what Jack says is true, and it's legal to be nude anywhere inside of this park, would you like a job here as a ranger, if you didn't have to wear any clothes?"
Vicki stared at Cheryl in stunned silence.
"For real?!" she asked excitedly, so overwhelmed she even stopped diddling herself. "I could learn all of the information like everyone else, and lead tours without having to wear any clothes? I could do it all nude?"
"Yes." Cheryl replied. "You can even work in the gift shop if you want to. It's entirely up to you."
"Where's she going to pin her badge?" I inquired dryly. "Will she have to pierce her clit with it and wear it on her cunt?"
"No, smart ass." Cheryl retorted. "She can wear it around her neck on a lanyard. With that and her hat, she will look very professional; I can assure you."
Vicki looked at me with sheer excitement in her eyes.
"May I, Jack?!" she bubbled. "I could be a real ranger!"
"Kitten," I replied slowly and carefully, "you don't have to ask my permission. I don't own you. You're my fiancee; not my pet. If you want to do this, I am behind you one hundred percent. All you have to do is tell me what you want and I'll support you all the way, okay?"
Vicki nodded and smiled broadly.
"Then... oh yes, Cheryl!" she exclaimed. "I would love to be a nude ranger! I really get to have a real badge and not have to wear any clothes?"
"Yes. I want you to be our naturist liaison, if you will." Cheryl answered. "You can lead tours through the park, or like I said, work in the gift shop if you want to. It's up to you."
"Well," Vicki replied slowly, "I'm used to working fast food, so I guess I'd love to work in the gift shop. I'd still be behind a cash register, but I'd get to be nude all the time and talk to all of those people. I could always be a guide later on if I wanted to though, right?"
Cheryl smiled.
"Of course." she said kindly. "You can do whatever you want to. After the recent court ruling regarding Jack Action and Bo Dangles, nudists are now a protected class. So, we need to hire a nudist under the new federal guidelines, and I want you to be that naturist here in this park. Will you take the job? Will you be a naturist in nature... or the gift shop? It's your choice."
Vicki grinned broadly and bobbed her head up and down.
"Oh yes!" she exclaimed. "I want the gift shop! I'll see so many more people that way. I love talking to people. That's why I like being a cashier. I love my job working the register at Ken Tucker's Fried Chicken, but this would be so much more exciting! When can I start?"
Cheryl smiled.
"How about a week from Monday?" she proposed. "It will give me time to get your ID and badge, and notify the park service that we have a nudist- oh wait, I forgot something. You have to be a registered nudist for us to be in compliance with the new guidelines."
"What the hell is a registered nudist?" I muttered. "That's a new one on me."
"Oh, a couple months back, a couple that has an Internet reality porn show had an incident at the airport." Cheryl explained. "The wife was charged with indecent exposure and it went to court. Since an airport is federal property, it was a federal case. The judge ruled she had the right to be clothes-free if she wanted, and created a registry for nudists. If you register, you can't be discriminated against for not wearing any clothes in public. It's a license to be nude all the time; in all fifty states and all US territories."
"That would be perfect, Jack!" Vicki said excitedly. "I wouldn't have to wear any clothes even when I leave the house, and I can work here naked as a ranger! Oh please, can I get a nudist license?"
"Of course." I replied, still trying to wrap my head around the fact that it was now somehow legal to be nude in public. "I told you, Vicki, you don't have to ask my permission, but I love you for being so respectful though."
I turned to Cheryl.
"Do you have any idea how she can register and get the license?" I inquired.
Cheryl nodded.
"Of course. Just go to the federal courthouse and ask for the forms to fill out to become a registered nudist." she explained. "They'll be able to get you squared away. There's a fee I think, for the court costs and all, but if your fiancee really wants to walk around without any clothes on no matter where she is, it would be worth it, I think."
"I agree." I said with a nod. "This is something that Vicki really wants to do, so I'll make sure she gets registered as soon as possible. I guess she can bring the paperwork with her when you send her to get a photo for her ID?"
"Oh, that's all done digitally now." Cheryl said with a wave of her hand. "Just email a head shot and they'll make her ID. I'll send you the links."
We all dressed and began heading back toward the visitor's center.
"I can't wait to learn the history of this park!" Vicki bubbled. "This will be the best job, ever!"
"What are you going to do when it gets cold out?" I asked.
"I'll wear a hat, gloves and boots!" she assured me. "I'll be fine. You don't have a problem with the cold. Just teach me how to stay warm like you do."
"My body temperature is three degrees cooler than most." I replied. "I have the ability to alter it to whatever climate I'm in, but it takes about two years. It's just part of my genealogy. I can't teach you that."
Vicki looked disappointed but nodded in understanding.
"Oh well, I guess I can always put a coat on." she sighed. "But I can take it back off as soon as I get to work!"
We reached the visitor's center and Cheryl waved us in her direction.
"Come on in." she offered. "I want you to meet everyone you'll be working with. It's a great bunch of people."
"Oh goodie!" Vicki exclaimed. "That sounds awesome!"
We entered the building, which was an architectural masterpiece of curved laminated wooden beams and glass, and Cheryl cleared her throat and spoke in a loud, authoritative voice.
"Hey everybody, I want to introduce you to our newest addition to the park team. This is Vicki and her fiancee, Jack. Vicki will be our first naturist docent under the new federal rules requiring us to employ a registered nudist as a minority class."
"That's cool." an older woman with graying hair responded.
She approached us and held out her hand.
"I'm Glenda." she introduced herself.
"Vicki." my fiancee replied, shaking her hand. "This is my fiance, Jack."
"Nice to meet you, Jack." Glenda said with a twinkle in her eye. "Will you be joining us as well?"
I shook my head.
"No, I have a job I'm quite happy with." I replied. "I only work two and a half days a week. If I push it really hard, I can be done in two. I just love my five day weekends."
"I'm sure you do!" Glenda exclaimed. "What do you do, if I might ask?"
"I put out those free newspapers that you find in your tube each week." I replied.
"And you make a living doing that?" she asked incredulously. "Delivering newspapers?"
I wasn't certain if she was actually impressed by my short work week or simply being condescending because I was a "paperboy," but I chose to answer the question as if she were simply being curious.
"I make about thirty five dollars an hour," I answered, "but I'm actually paid by the piece. I get ten cents apiece, plus some side stuff I do for a nickel while I'm in the neighborhoods. Then, I have a monthly route at again, a dime per paper. I put out seven thousand papers every week, plus another four thousand for the monthly. It comes out to $3,200 a month, plus the $150 for the side stuff, so I'm getting over $3,350 a month, working a total of twelve to thirteen days out of that month. But then, there's an extra month in there, because we get paid every two weeks. I dunno; it's about forty K a year.
"I like it, because I have so many days off. It allows me to act and write. That's where I make my real money though. I do voice overs right out of my house for five hundred to five thousand a pop. Then I do commercials and write TV and movie scripts..."
I suddenly realized that everyone was staring at me, and I decided to let it go.
"Anyway," I added, "to answer your question; yes."
"Wow!" Cheryl exclaimed. "That's pretty impressive. I'd like to see some of the things you've been in sometime. Anyway, this is Vicki, and she will be coming on board very shortly, as our nudist ambassador. Please welcome her to the team."
"If she's our nudist ambassador, why is she wearing clothes?" a young bearded man in his twenties or so inquired. "Shouldn't she be nude? I mean, how are we to believe she'll actually take her clothes off when she's hired?"
"She IS hired, Clarence." Cheryl said briskly. "Vicki, please remove your clothes and take your place at the register."
Needless to say, I was stunned at what was transpiring, but I watched in silent fascination as my cute fiancee nodded and began removing her clothes, casting them to one side. When she was completely undressed and fully nude, she smiled at Cheryl.
"Give me a printout of the till so I can make sure it's all balanced." she said professionally. "I won't be responsible for any shortages unless the opening numbers balance."
Cheryl smiled and removed her own hat, placing it on Vicki's head.
"Get that license and show up as soon as you get it." she said warmly. "In the meantime, consider yourself an official park ranger here at Queen's Ridge National Military Park. I'll have your badge in a few days."
Vicki beamed with pride and turned to me for reassurance. I nodded with a smile of support and a bit of pride myself. It was hard to believe this was the same dim-witted girl that had invited me to her apartment to see her cat. She was now a confident young lady who was learning new words and facts every day, that brought her closer to smashing the ceiling that had been forced upon her by incompetent doctors and a set of worthless parents.
We left the park and headed back to our house, to mull over everything that had taken place. Vicki had of course put her clothes back on once we left the park, but that did not include her top, as she was free to go shirtless in public. I was low on gas, so I pulled into a large auto/truck stop to fuel up before we got back on the interstate to go home.
"There's no sign that says 'no shirt, no shoes, no service.'" I said with a grin, as I handed her a twenty. "Tell them you want fifteen dollars on Pump 7."
"Okay Jack." she said with a smile.
I watched in amusement as she entered the store, fully expecting a ruckus of some sort, but a few minutes later, she returned to the car and handed me a five dollar bill.
"Here you go, Love." she cooed.
"They didn't say anything to you about being topless?" I asked in astonishment.
"No, but a lot of people were sure staring at me!" she answered with a giggle. "It was kind of fun; all those people just looking at my boobies. Even the guy behind the counter kept staring at them. I had to tell him twice, how much gas I wanted."
"Just wait until you get registered to walk around completely nude." I mused. "You won't believe the stares you're going to get, Vicki."
"I don't mind." she responded. "All my life, people have looked at me strangely and called me weird or worse. I told you someone asked me once if I'd been hit by a truck because of the way I looked and acted. He was being mean of course, but now, I couldn't care less what people say or think. You cared about me and loved me, and I love you. That's all that matters to me."
I was truly humbled by her words. As much as I loved her, I had still taken the opportunity to send her into the store with her perky tits sticking out as a joke. But she wasn't a joke, and what I had done was NOT amusing. Very soon, she was going to be my wife, and I had no business setting her up for my own amusement like that. What I had done to her was wrong, and I wanted to make up for it; even though she had no idea that what I had just done has been at her expense. I was filled with regret, and I wanted to make it up to her.
"I love you too." I finally managed to say quietly, as I began filling the gas tank. "Look, we haven't had a really nice, quiet dinner out together yet. Why don't I take you out for a nice prime rib dinner in a cozy restaurant?"
Vicki's eyes widened, and she nodded like a jack-in-the-box.
"Oh yes, please!" she bubbled. "I love steak, and prime rib is so good! I only had it once though. It was at a wedding party. It was good! It wasn't very thick, but it was delicious! I asked my parents if we could have it again some time, but they could never afford it."
"You've never had a nice, thick slab of prime rib at a restaurant?" I inquired in surprise. "With a baked potato and a slice of cheesecake or something for dessert?"
Vicki shook her pretty little blonde head.
"No Sir." she replied politely.
"Well you will tonight!" I assured her. "I know a great place that serves an actual giant rib of beef; not just a slice of seasoned meat from a roast beef. It's the real thing."
"Oh Jack!" she exclaimed. "That sounds delicious, thank you."
Two hours later, we arrived at a small mom'n'pop steakhouse that I had frequented for years. I had stumbled upon it accidentally, and was stunned when the prime rib I ordered was a real rib cut! I was so used to the cuts you get at the chain restaurants that this thing looked stupid when I saw it on my plate, but I was amazed at how good it was! Now, I was about to share that same experience with the homebody woman I loved so very much.
"Hey there, Jackie!" the owner greeted me in a thick Greek accent. "Where you been hidin', my friend? My food not agreein' with you or somethin'? Oh I see... you got a lady friend with you. I know where you been now, ha-ha!"
I smiled in response.
"Hey Argos." I replied with a laugh. "This is my fiancee, Vicki. You're darn right I've been busy!"
"Well hello there, Miss Vicki!" he said, taking her hand in his and kissing it politely. "It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance. Welcome to the Argos' Chophouse. We have the best food 24/7. You want a Caesar salad? We got it for you at two AM. You want steak for breakfast? We got top sirloin at six AM."
"It IS really good." I admitted, as Argos led us to a table by the window. "I stopped in here the first time at like ten o'clock at night."
"Stoned off your ass too!" Argos asserted, as we sat down. "Couldn't even order his dinner straight."
"I wasn't stoned, I was tired!" I protested. "I'd been up since two o'clock in the morning. Not my fault I ordered something stupid."
"Tell her what it was." Argos said with a grin.
I took a deep breath and sighed loudly.
"Prime rib and a baked potato, with sour cream and baked potato." I said, making a face. "Happy now?"
All of this went over my poor fiancee's head, and she looked confused.
"I meant to say butter." I explained. "But baked potato started with a B too."
Vicki brightened.
"Oh okay. I get it now." she responded.
We had a wonderful dinner together, and then headed back to the house. We were going to have a busy day tomorrow, getting her legally registered as a nudist and our applying for the marriage license, so we decided to go to bed fairly early. As we tumbled onto the bed and began removing our clothes, however, we quickly got turned on and started pawing one another vigorously.
"I had so much fun today!" Vicki exclaimed, as I squeezed her firm tits in my hands. "I can't believe I made love to another woman with you and then got a new job! It was such a wonderful day, Jack!"
"It was." I agreed, as I rolled onto my back and let her climb on top of me. "I enjoyed it too."
I reached up to play with her tits as she rode me, stroking my cock with her tight, wet cunt until I could take it no more."
"I'm going to cum!" I whispered loudly.
"Shoot it inside of me and get me pregnant like that lady in the forest!" she whispered back. "I want to have your baby, Jack."
I moaned loudly in reply, and shot my thick load deep inside her belly as I fondled her perky tits firmly. Vicki felt my sperm squirting inside of her and became so excited that she climaxed as well. I could feel her vaginal muscles clamp around my cock as it spurted deep inside of her womb.
"Mmm, there was that giant tickle again." she sighed, as she rolled off of me and lay back on the bed. "I wonder what it means?"
"It means you released an egg," I said slowly, "and in conjunction with the one you had the other day, I would postulate it probably also means twins."