The haze in my mind starts to clear up. For a moment it felt like I forgot where I am.
But how could I? I'm naked in the middle of this restaurant, drenched in sweat because this guy I just met decided to give me my first blowjob ever, right here under the table.
Christ.
I sit back up, and we all finish our food in relative silence. Well, except for Barry and Leo, chatting up a storm while they eat.
Welp, I guess it's about time to head home.
"Hey Barry," I interrupt him, "you wanna bounce soon?"
"Huh? Oh! Yeah, sure!" my roommate responds. He turns back to Leo to wrap things up.
Sebastian turns to face me. "Sooo, Jack. I assume you have a phone, but...." Sebastian eyes me up and down, "it doesn't really look like you have much on you at the moment." He smirks.
"Oh yeah, Barry's holding on to my phone for me. Barry? Mind tossing it over?"
"You're the boss!" Barry quips, handing me my phone.
Sebastian smiles. "Awesome! So, do you have Snapchat or anything?"
"Yeah, I installed it earlier today actually. Here." I open up Snapchat and add Sebastian. He adds me back instantly.
"Wonderful. I'll make sure to keep an eye on your story" he says with a smirk.
"Alright brother," Barry says, "I'm about ready to go!" I nod, and hand him my phone. I still don't have anywhere to carry it after all. I should probably look into that and figure something out. Barry won't be following me around to every class after all. That's a thought for another time though.
I stand up, once again fully exposed to anyone caring to take a look, and wave goodbye to Sebastian and the others.
Barry heads out, and I follow right behind, taking the same path we entered through. My bare feet tapped across on the cold floor as my most sensitive regions lightly bounced with each step. Before I knew it, we were back outside. It still felt so surreal.
The evening sunset I first walked under has been replaced with pure moonlight. There's a nice summer night breeze too; it is still August after all. The sweat covering my body makes the wind feel all the more chilly, and reminds me of my nude state every second.
As I start walking back to my dorm, I notice that, much to my relief, campus wasn't nearly as packed as my walk earlier. I guess that was just the dinner rush or something. It's mostly empty right now, with a few people or groups standing around here or there. They give me the same kinda looks and waves I've been getting. Some shocked faces, some smiles, some laughs. It still sends little sparks throughout my body, but largely, I think I'm starting to get desensitized to it...
YAAAAWN...
Or maybe I'm just tired...
--------------------------
Before I know it, we're back at the dorm building. We walk past a couple girls in the lobby, but they just kinda give a quick glance and giggle. I guess they've seen me before.
Luckily, there's nobody in the elevator as we head up to our floor. The elevator door opens, and once we step out, Barry stops me.
"Alright, I gotta hit the bathroom, so here, take your phone and the room key. Just let me back in when I knock," he says, handing them over.
He heads off, and I start to casually walk the opposite direction towards our room.
Man, just to think, a few hours ago I was SPRINTING down these halls to the bathroom...but now, I'm walking free like nothing is wrong...
"Well, it isn't the big, naked man on campus!"
I turn around, and I see Aster behind me, some ways down the hall, hands on their hips.
Confidence...
"Hey Aster! What's up?"
Aster approaches me. "Not much. Much less eventful than whatever you're up to. So, you just get back from dinner like that?"
Oh shit. I guess I never explained the program to them. I only talked to them for a minute in the bathroom earlier. Holy shit, I must seem crazy walking around naked like this!
"Ok, well, you see, I'm part of this"
Aster smirks, and puts their finger over my mouth. "Yeah yeah, don't worry. I already know all about that."
"You do?" I asked surprisedly.
"Of course I do. What? You think I'm gonna watch a guy walk right into the hall as naked as a baby, and NOT ask the RA what's up? That could've been illegal for all I knew!" they say laughing.
The RA? Oooohhhh, they must mean Michelle.
"And by the looks of it," they say, examining my body, "you worked up a sweat!"
Oh god. They're making this really hard for me. I was almost getting used to it, but the confident enby inspecting my body is making it PRETTY HARD to keep it cool right now!
"You could say that," I chuckle awkwardly, "Well, it wouldn't have been possible without your advice back in the showers!"
Aster smiles. "Glad I could help you out, big guy."
"Thanks."
"So, you down to hop into my room and chill for a bit?" they ask.
"I would, but I've had a long day."
I see Aster's eyes slide down to my dick, with their signature smirk. "I'd say."
I look down...FUCK. I'M HARD. I DIDN'T EVEN NOTICE.
Ok...keep it cool...they've already seen you dripping wet right out of the shower. Is this even any worse?
"Haha," I force out a response, "yeah, you could say that...BUT HEY! I'm down to come over and chill tomorrow!"
"How's breakfast sound? I'll give you a call at 9 or so, and you can head over to my room," they propose.
"Yeah, sure, I'm down for that."
"Awesome!" they exclaim.
"Oh yeah," I say opening my phone, which is already in my hand (not like I have pockets), "here's my number."
I show them my phone number, and Aster quickly adds it to their phone. "Nice," they say.
"Oh!" I just remembered, "Do you have Snapchat?"
"Ha! Who doesn't?"
"Here, before you go, scan my Snapcode. I just downloaded this, so I'm still getting used to it."
"Ooooh, don't mind if I do," Aster says as they add me as a friend, "alright! Well, with that settled, I'll let you get on your way, Mr Nature. See you tomorrow!"
"Yeah! You too!" I yell out as we head in opposite directions.
Mr. Nature...that's a new one....
--------------------------
As I continue down the hall, I remember: the whole reason I downloaded Snapchat in the first place was because of that redhead girl...what's her name again...oh yeah, Janette! I should probably stop by and say hello.
I head to Janette's door and knock. I close my eyes and take a deep breathe, trying my best to just forget I'm on full display.
Janette opens the door, and greets me with a smile. She's wearing a very light outfit. Long pajama pants and a light crop top. I guess it really is getting late.
"Hey, Jack! What's up?"
I forgot how hot she was. Everything from her face to her body; she's the epitome of "the hot girl." She was probably the most popular gal in high school.
Woo. Stay focused. Stay confident.
"Not much, just wanted to stop by and let you know I got Snap. You wanted to add me earlier." I respond.
Janette puts her hands on her hips.
"Oh silly, did you forget I already gave you my handle earlier?"
Oh. Shit. I did forget that.
"Whoops! Haha."
She cocks her head at me, giving me a joking look of disapproval. "Alright, here." She pulls her phone from her pants while catching a good look at my intimate parts in all their arousal, causing a slight twitch.
Of course, she giggles.
She opens up her code, and I scan it. Boom. We're friends.
Her smile persists. "So, why don't you make a Story to mark the occasion?"
"Oh yeah, someone else mentioned a 'story' earlier, but I don't really know what that is..."
I used Instagram a bit back in high school, but never focused too hard on social media, so some of this is new to me.
"Is that so?" Janette responds, "Well here, why don't I show you!"
Before I know it, Janette swings around so she's standing behind me, and snatched my phone from my hands.
"Hey!" I yell.
"Here, look," she says as she holds my phone above and in front of our heads, taking a selfie.
Of course, you can see EVERYTHING.
You can see everything from the awkward confused look on my face, all the way down to my stiff cock. Not to mention the gorgeous woman standing behind me taking the picture.
Shit, I've been naked all day, exposed to well over 100 people, but this is the first time I've actually seen a picture of my naked body.
Fuck me. This still manages to feel surreal.
Janette spins back in front of me, typing something on my phone with a mischievous smile.
"Aaaaand, here!" She shows me my phone, and, oh, she put a caption over the pic. It reads [Just made friends with this bombshell redhead!]
"You like it?" she asks.
"Uh, yeah, looks good!" I say, unsure how I should respond.
"Awesome!" she hits a button on the screen, and the photo disappears.
"Wait, what did you just do?" I ask.
"I added it to your Story! See, when you add a photo to your Snapchat Story, it's viewable to all your friends for 24 hours!" she explains while showing me.
"Ooooh, I get it now," I confirm.
Janette looks back at my phone, and clicks a few things. I can't see what she's looking at, but her eyebrows rais, and her jaw drops. After a few seconds, her slack mouth contorts into a huge smile. She looks up at me in disbelief. Uh oh.
"Uh, what's up?" I nervously ask.
"Nothing. Just decided to take a quick look at one of your friend's Story, and I gotta say, I knew you were bold, but I didn't know you were THIS bold!"
She hands my phone back to me, and looking at the screen, I see a looping video...a video of...ME....walking down campus, casually pumping the hell out of my cock!
[Sharon's Story]
Holy fuck.
I totally forgot.
Sharon, one of the hot girls I walked with earlier, the blonde one, had her phone pointed at me the whole time.
I mean, all three of them did, but this was her footage I guess.
I was in such a haze at the end I forgot I added all four of the girls on Snapchat.
She captured every inch of me, every movement I made.
It felt insane enough when I was doing it. The memory is still super hazy. It felt like I was high.
But now, I'm able to really see what everybody else was seeing: my shameful, disgusting, visceral, primal, truly naked display.
A man with his bare sweat-soaked body, face beet red, stroking his oozing cock while walking in public like nothing was wrong, and all the onlookers and passersby in the background.
The euphoria, I almost feel it flowing back over me. I felt a drop of precum form on my dick. No shot Janette didn't notice.
Janette snapped me out of my trance. "Well, I hope you bring that kinda energy to the party tomorrow night! You're still coming, right?"
Oh fuck, I forgot about that.
"Of course. Wouldn't miss it for the world!"
Janette smiled at me once more. "Awesome. See you tomorrow, tiger."
She closed the door, leaving me alone in the hall.
I looked once more at the short video on my phone. Tapping it, I realized it was part of a series of similar videos and pictures, all capturing different angles and moments of my not-so-little masturbatory adventure.
Nope.
--------------------------
Aaaaand finally. I'm back in my room.
My legs are about to give out, but I manage to stumble into bed. I just need to sleep.
I'm sweaty, and could ABSOLUTELY use a shower...but after all this? After today?
I think I'd have a heart attack if I went right back out there so fast.
It may be gross, but I'm just gonna crash. I'll shower first thing in the morning.
I plug in my phone, hop into bed, and just toss the covers on the floor. It's too hot. I'm too hot. I'm not looking to sweat even more.
Here I am. Totally exposed, legs spread, my crotch bare for all to see...like it was nothing. Barry will get back at any moment and see me like this...but I don't care anymore. I struggle to believe it, but I really am starting to get used to this.
Holy hell. What a day.
12 hours ago I was a normal guy reading to start my normal, ordinary college life.
In the last 12, probably 8 hours actually, I did so many things that if you showed me video of yesterday, I'd think it was some deepfake AI thing.
"There's NO WAY I'd ever do that!" I'd say.
Hahaha. How fast shit can change.
I try to calm down the storm of thoughts in my head by just breaking everything down, and thinking of all the new people I met today.
There's Barry of course. He's probably seen me naked more than anyone else already. He was with me during my whole journey across campus after all...He saw and heard all of those people cheering and screaming and staring...
Of course, there were those four girls. The blonde Sharon. The tall Brittany. The short Beth. The natural redhead Patty. In less than ten minutes I went from meeting them for the first time, to busting the fastest load of my life in front of them.
Can't forget Sebastian... Shit, I wasn't even sure if I was into guys like that, but lo and behold, I got my first blowjob from a man, under the table of a campus restaurant. I wonder when I'll see him next.
Shockingly, my dick is still rock hard while I'm thinking about all this. Who could've predicted that.
Anyway, who else...
Oh yeah, I think most of my floormates (and some of their parents) saw me during my big sprint to the showers....including that one girl I fell on top of...
In terms of floormates I actually talked to, there's Aster.
Aster...I never met a non-binary person in high school, not that that makes any difference to me. Either way, Aster was probably the chillest person I met all day. They barely even had a reaction to my nudity. Now, I WAS in the shower, and they did seem taken aback when I walked into the hall all wet and nude...but it was noteworthy to have someone see me naked and not even flinch. Combined with what they said, that gave me a big boost to go on with confidence like nothing was wrong. I mean yeah, it feels embarrassing, but everyone's seen a naked body before!
Of course, there is also Janette. She lives right across the hall from me, so I'll be seeing a lot of her.
Now that I think about it, I've run into her three times now. I just talked to her in the hall, and before that I saw her when I was coming back from my shower, but even before that she saw walking to my room for the first time with Michelle...
MICHELLE.
So many other people saw me naked today, I almost forgot about Michelle...
And not only that, but I somehow almost forgot that I saw her naked too.
My mind was flooded with the image of a nude Michelle from when we stripped off together.
God, every inch of her body was perfect...and the way she walked down the hall...I wanted to reach out and touch her so bad...
Hundreds, no, THOUSANDS of people are going to see me naked over the next four years...I wonder how many people I'm going to see naked.
I wonder what my female counterpart is up to right now. I'm sure I'll run into her soon enough...
But I really wouldn't mind seeing Michelle again.
Aaaand that was it. I'm fucking horny again. REALLY horny. My dick was at full mast, and now there was so much precum it was dripping down my shaft.
Normally, I'd just jerk off into a tissue right now and get it out of my system, but now there's these new rules.
I GUESS I could probably get away with it, and maybe the Jack of 8 hours ago would be inclined to try, but after everything I went through today? NO CHANCE! I'm not a cheater!
I'll just sleep on it. Hell, maybe I'll even have a wet dream. That could be fun.
I close my eyes.
Man, I can't believe it's still only Friday: my first day here. There's still two more entire days before classes start.
But right now, I got my first day in the books.