Our recent experiments in the park had opened up a whole new realm of sexuality to us. There was barely a moment went by when we were together than one or both of us was not aroused. We would spend our evenings discussing potential venues for our next encounter. A local restaurant, a dive bar, a busy dance club, the beach, the local hiking trail, a house party - our options were many and varied.
Eventually we decided that a busy club would give us plenty of opportunities to enjoy ourselves while surrounded by unknowing bystanders. Tonight I dressed myself in a fishnet bodystocking - crotchless of course - a skater style pvc skirt and loose fitting pvc crop top. An outfit that I knew would fit right into the club scene but would drive him absolutely wild knowing how close to being exposed I was. He watched me longingly as I dressed for our evening and swiped his hand over my already damp pussy as I bent over to pick up my handbag. Yes, tonight was going to be good.
We arrived at the club and were soon surrounded by throngs of party goers in all types of microskirts and tiny tops. I led the way past the hulking bouncers and headed straight for the bar to sit down on one of the bar stools facing the bar. He sat down next to me and ordered some drinks - nothing too strong but enough to look normal. As we waited, he placed his hand on my fishnet covered thigh and told me that he loved the song. His hand continued to stroke around the curve of my thigh until it reached the opening in the crotch of my body stocking. A shudder went through my whole body and I tried to continue our conversation as the tip of his finger traced from the opening in the crotch to my more intimate opening. His finger tip dipped inside me and gathered some of my flowing juices then moved towards my pert little bud and began making small circles just how I liked. I tried my very best not to squirm and writhe - or to push his finger deep inside me.
We finished our drinks and I declared that it was time to dance so he moved his finger from its delicate fondling, licked it clean and took my hand to lead me to the packed dance floor. Once there, he pulled me too him so that my back was pressed against his front and my round ass was gyrating against his hard prick. He kept one hand firmly on my waist so that my butt would be pressed tightly to his erection and his other hand traced a path up my fishnet covered stomach to reach under my top and pinch my almost painfully excited nipples. I pushed back onto his cock to show my appreciation. Then his hand moved away from my waist and I felt it slip between our bodies. He moved it under my skirt and pressed two thick fingers deep inside my dripping cunt and just as quickly withdrew them. He unfastened the zip on his trousers and pulled his hard rod through the opening a pointed it forwards - not to penetrate me but to slide between my legs. I felt his throbbing member slipping through the dampness between my legs, rubbing my own liquid onto my clit.
The anticipation between us was almost palpable although the mass of bodies around us did not seem to notice anything. They kept on shaking and grinding to the rhythm as he slid his engorged member back and this time he aimed for my opening and slowly thrust himself inside me. I gasped as I felt him slip between my swollen lips and press into my tight tunnel. I tried to keep my movement with the music as I rode his hard cock in the middle of the dance floor. I couldn't contain my shout of delight as his free hand snaked back around me to rub my swollen clit under my skirt.
We gasped and sighed in unison with the crowd but only we knew how deep our pleasure went. He pounded into me from behind and fondled my delicate bud until that glorious warmth began to spread through me and I felt my cunt twitching and tightening around his cock. I felt his cock begin to throb inside me and then I came. I shuddered with delight against his hand and body and I squirted my juices down the length of his shaft, over his hand and down my legs until it splashed onto the dancefloor beneath us. As I came, I felt his cock pulse and push his hot seed deep into me.
We continued to move together, basking in the glow of what had happened. Moving with the sea of bodies surrounding us and feeling strangers bumping up against us as we slowed to a steadier rhythm. Slowly, he pulled his still firm prick from my body and zipped it back into his trousers. He took his fingers from my clit and nipples and wrapped his arms tightly around me as he whispered into my ear that we had better clean up.
As he took my hand and steered us off the dance floor, one of the bouncers caught my eye and gave me a cheeky wink - I assume he liked my outfit. I was led through a door into what I presumed were the mens toilets and into a disabled cubicle at the back. I collapsed onto the closed lid of the toilet and gasped as he crouched in front of me. He lifted my skirt and saw my exposed cunt through the open crotch of my bodystocking. Then, he bent his head and sucked my clit into his mouth - my very favourite feeling. He lowered his attention and used his tongue to clean my soaking pussy and sucked his thick cum from my opening when it was beginning to dribble out. Satisfied that I was clean, he moved his suckling back to my pert little bud and I felt something warm press against my opening, spreading my freshly lubricated lips and the sliding inside me, allowing my opening to close all the way around it. The strange object began to vibrate. My breath caught - I couldn't believe he'd been so forward. I was usually the driving force behind our kink yet here he was slipping a vibrator I didn't know he owned into my freshly fucked pussy. The vibrations were amazing and within moments I was grinding my wet cunt into his face. He stood up and ran a hand down his still alert cock and I knew just what he wanted. It was what we had both wanted since the afternoon by the river. To feel something in my ass and something in my pussy at the same time.
I stood and he took my place sitting on the lid so that I could be in control of lowering my ass onto his wet hard pole. I lined him up with my entrance and lowered myself onto him, feeling his firm rod in my back passage. It was every bit as good as we remembered and I began to slide up and down his thick shaft as we both enjoyed th vibrations deep within my pussy. As if to emphasise this, he used the remote in his hand to increase the intensity causing me to cry out so loudly that the voices outside the stall stopped. We heard the door opening and closing as we fucked and the finally we registered a single voice and footsteps coming towards the stall door.
"I know what you're doing," said the voice.
"Sure you do," said my boyfriend, cock still pushing into my puckered hole.
"I'll come in if you don't stop right now!" threatened the voice.
We ignored this and I carried on bouncing on the stiff prick in my ass and loving the vibrations I was feeling.
Keys jangled outside the door and I rode faster and harder. The door opened and there stood a security guard, mouth open in surprise.
"Hey there," I said, still riding hard.
The guard looked me up and down taking in my high heeled shoes, fishnet covered legs and stomach, pvc top pulled up exposing my fishnet covered nipples and pvc skirt pulled up exposing my naked crotch, cock pushed deep into my ass and little string from the vibrator hanging out of my pussy.
I carried on riding and my boyfriend groaned in pleasure.
The guard did his best to look shocked but I could see the tent his cock was making in his trousers.
"Well?" I said. After a moment of indecision he stepped forwards, bent over and with a sigh, sucked my clit into his warm mouth. I shuddered, this was too good to be true. Circling my little nub with his tongue, he pushed a finger into my opening and felt the vibrator inside me. The intensity of the vibrations increased again and I shuddered and came and squirted right into his mouth. He licked at my dripping hole for a minute before using his teeth to pull the cord to remove the toy from my opening.
I began to sigh but before I could, he stood up revealing that he had removed his enormous cock from his trousers.
"Maybe this will help," he suggested, lining his head up with my pussy. He moved his hips forwards and thrust his engorged member into me. I heard footsteps coming into to bathroom and knew the stall door was open but I didn't care. Let them watch, hell I hoped they would. The guard pumped his cock into my pussy like a piston, he held the toy against my clit and I let the rocking and vibrations keep moving the cock in my ass too. I knew my boyfriend would be enjoying the feeling of another prick pounding away inside me, rubbing his own through the thin membrane. A couple of faces were peering into the stall and one had even removed his cock from his pants and was rubbing it openly as he watched me build to another climax. The feeling began to spread inwards again, just as the dick in my ass tensed and burst its creamy load into me. The guard in front of me wasn't done yet and he picked up the pace, holding the egg against my clit until I began to squirm and squirted my cum all over his dick. Then finally he began to pump his seed into my convulsing cunt. He gave one last thrust before pulling his softening rod from my hole. His cum dripped out of me and onto the floor where my own juices had landed.
Most of the spectators began to disperse except for the confident guy who had his cock out and stepped forwards to scoop some of the cum from my opening and spread it onto his cock as he carried on rubbing it. He gave my opening a cursory lick and retreated to finish himself off by the sinks.
My boyfriend lifted me from his now drooping cock, covered himself up and, with his arm around me, led me from the stall.
"Well that was a good one! What are the chances?" he puzzled.
"Incredible," I replied. "So, what about next time?"