Preface: As a big fan of erotic literature, I wanted to finally put something together to post online. I tend to be a bit more on the cheesy romantic side of things and hope I didn't go too overboard with it here. I tend to get a bit detail oriented and thus have tried my absolute best to ensure there are no spelling, grammatical, or punctuation mistakes, however I would love to hear feedback of all sorts including any corrections or changes you think should be made. I found it much easier to use myself as the main protagonist and as such included a short bio at the beginning for readers to better follow along. If that is difficult for you or throws you off in any way, then by all means, please disregard the first paragraph. Anyways, without further ado, here's my story:
An Autumn Eve of Wintery Fire
I'm 30 years old, Caucasian with slightly tan skin. My dirty blonde hair is usually straight but now has a bit of a curl at the tips since it's a tad too long and in need of a cut, but remains feathery soft. I'm 5'11" with a bit of an athletic build from consistent activity and care. Thus, while I don't have washboard abs, they're definitely defined and gather the right looks when needed. My face is smooth as I'm usually clean-shaven much like this evening, with piercing blue eyes, and, from what I've been told, a devilishly charming smile. I am usually clothed in typical office suits, but tonight, I wear a sleek black buttoned shirt with a dark grey jacket and matching pants. At the center, my black leather belt gives way to a gunmetal grey buckle providing just the faintest hint of shine. Finally, my tailored black matte leather shoes tie the ensemble altogether.
I stand waiting patiently for my drink at the bar in a local club. Leaning on the metallic top, I peruse my surroundings, observing the place packed with people. After weeks of being bombarded at work and living in sheer tedium, I made the decision to finally give myself some much-needed excitement. I'm here, alone, and on the hunt for an excitingly adventurous evening. I'm unsure as to what exactly I'm looking for but am very wanting and willing for just the right involvement. At the back, finely furnished maroon leather booths are filled with people drunkenly shouting over one another. They laugh and holler, some spilling their concoctions and allowing their inebriation to get the best of them. The center of the room is packed as the dance floor moves to the melody of the music with couples caressing and swaying along with numerous others waving their arms and jumping about. Amongst the crowded platform of cavorting, several individuals are trying their best shots to court mates though failing, clearly not any sort of competition for myself.
My drink arrives, two fingers of a fine Scotch on the rocks, and I take of sip of the bitter smooth golden liquor. Piercing flashing lights and glimmer strike the darkened area of the dance floor. Through it all, I see you with your back to me. Your red hair drapes down your back, swaying like flickering flames in the night. Your body, clothed in a tight black dress that further highlights your crimson hair, is an unbelievable hourglass that just screams for arms to hold it at the center. As my eyes descend, they see where your dress ends right above the knees. Your long smooth pale legs give way to your feet, hidden within bright silvery high heels that glimmer as the lights above hit them just right. I try not to allow my eyes to linger, but just as I'm about to look away, you turn around. Our eyes lock. Your brown doorways into your soul stare into my sapphire gaze. Suddenly something clicks. Your body sways rhythmically as if you were in a world your own, blurring my sight until only you remain crystal clear. You are dancing for me now as everything else becomes muffled background noise. You raise your hand, moving your finger in a come-hither manner.
The world begins to refocus once again and the sounds overtake the mindful muffles that were. I throw my devilish grin at your proposal, take another sip of my drink, and shake my head in protest. I know this game, and despite my immediate impulse, I patiently refuse. I glance to an open spot at the bar next to me, and back to you. You frown momentarily as though perturbed by my rejection, but your inability to sway your gaze only confirms my hold on you. You readjust yourself into a smirk and move elegantly through the crowd toward the bar, never breaking our interlocked stare. Just as you arrive, the bartender arrives, placing an exotic looking martini next to you. I lean in, raising my palm to you and brushing your hair away from your ear.
"Care for a drink with me?", I whisper in my low toned voice. Despite the volume of the club, your focus on the situation dulls the background volume and allows you to hear me without struggle...
You retreat to pick up the glass and bring it to your lips. You sip it slowly, sensually; amber eyes remaining locked on my own. As your lips leave the glass, I can't help but break eye contact with your dark brown doorways to see the impression your lipstick has left on the rim. What I wouldn't give to be that glass at this very moment.
You look at me mischievously and ask, "So, why did you call me over here? Didn't you want to dance with me? Have a bit of fun?", you linger on that final word hinting at more. You're teasing, but there's I know there's a subtle grain of truth to it.
I sip my glass slowly, allowing your curiosity to sit for just a few moments longer. When I'm finished, instead of placing my glass back on the bar, I tilt it toward to the dance floor. You turn around to look. I move slowly behind you once more, finally placing a hand on your curved waist, amazed how soft the material feels on your smooth skin underneath. The smell of your perfume hits me and its intoxicating; a mix of vanilla and some floral essence I can't quite place my thumb on. I lean in to within an inch of earshot. You finally see the men you had attracted to where you had just been dancing that until this very moment you'd previously been unaware of. They gawk at us in jealousy. Already they can tell they've lost you to my will.
Your mind returns to the situation at hand and you finally sense my closeness. The warm breath tingles your lobe sending shivers down your body. "I just wanted a moment alone with you before we have our dance. You have quite the number of fans that stare in admiration. But you should know, I don't share." You turn back around, my hand staying on your waist. You peer into me. Our lips just inches away. I want to kiss you passionately and feel those soft pillowy lips on my own but, I know this game... I wait...
After a brief pause, you break the intense silence. "Give me that dance, and I'll make that deal." My breathing is heavy, heart pounding. You grab my hand off your waist and, for the first time, our skin makes contact. It is cold, unbelievably smooth, and as soft as the clouds you fell from. You lead me back to the glittering area from whence you came.
We begin to move with the electronic synth. As the music flows, we find ourselves amazed at how well we both move. You gyrate as elegantly as you are erotic. I do my best to move in line, to keep up. We find a unique rhythm together as the odd brush of a hand or touch of a leg constantly stokes our fire. The song seems endless, as we continue for what feels like hours until it begins to become agonizing. As the beat begins to slow, the lights dim even further. The drop is coming soon, but as the muted shine delays that moment, we drift together. My hands go to your waist, yours to my neck. You pull me in, our lips finally touching for the first time. You kiss me with a desire I'd only ever dreamed of. Your tongue touches my lips and then inward to explore. Both entwine, moving furiously. I wrap my arms around you pressing our bodies against one another. Your soft breasts press hard against my chest and I can feel your pressing tips straining, begging for attention.
After what seems like an eternity, the beat finally drops, lights flash, and the sound flares up. You finally release me from your grip. I am almost gasping for air as lust courses through my veins. You look me up from toes to something that you stare at intently. Through my suit pants, you can see your affect on me as an outline, easily apparent. You lick your ruby red lips and then bite the lower one as thoughts of unbridled hunger fills your mind. You finally draw your gaze to my own, we know we both need this. The air is thick and heavy, and the tension between us is electrifying. If I could, I'd have you right here on the dance floor. But as I said, I don't share.
I grab you, as it's my turn to lead and I begin to rush us through the crowd. You stop momentarily, pulling me to a table where two other friends sit with drinks. They're bouncing in their seats to the music and chatting nonchalantly. You grab a small handbag that matches your attire off the table and your friends see us. One of them moves to speak, but the emotion you exude screams immediacy.
We exit the club, into the cool crispness of the night. No taxis are available and a quick look at Uber shows us that it will be a while... too long for either of us. The night is dark, but the autumn eve makes it bearable to traverse. I tell you my home isn't too far from here you instantly smirk. We set off down the eerily desolate city street. Overhead, the lamps provide brief chances where we can see each other in full form before exiting into darkness. With every moment I steal a look, your appearance is more magnificent than the last. The expressions you give me seem only to reassert your every intention.
Soon, the sound of the club is inaudible and only our footsteps remain. Your arms wrap around my own, securing our connection to one another and balance to your forward momentum. We pass no more than two blocks until the tall glass and concrete buildings give way to an opening when we arrive at a park.
The straight narrow path through it is illuminated by Victorian lamps. There are trees and occasional hedges along the concrete trail that subdue the light attempting to pierce the dusk. The signs of autumn are just beginning to show on the foliage, threatening to release their grasp on the branches but still clinging for life. I tell you that apartment is just through here on the other side, as you are just barely able to make out a modern brick building across the way. We begin our journey through, and I see you continuing to steal looks at me. Within a minute, we are nearly there. I can see the entrance not more than a hundred meters away. My mind is flicking through my intentions quicker with every step. I'm unable to process anything else but getting us to our destination. It is here you rip me from my mind as you stop.
You tug me off the concrete path, slipping between a hedge and tree and into the brush. You are suddenly leading me into absolute darkness. The path fades behind me in an almost dream-like fashion. I am slightly startled though I proceed to follow you unquestionably. In this moment, I'd follow you to the literal gates of hell.
Just as I am about to speak as we're passing yet another Elm, you grab me and shove your mouth onto my own. You clutch my shirt and rip it open with both hands, the buttons flying into the blackness surrounding us. I grab your legs and lift as they spread and wrap around me. I press you against the tree, your hands begin tugging at my head, pulling my hair as I hold you with ease. I move my lips to the nape of your neck. I start with a soft kiss, but as you pull me deeper, I follow it with a slight lick and a bite.
"Yesssssss...", you hiss. I put you down, and you turn as though our thoughts are in unison. You lift your dress to two glorious globes as pale as the moonlight, only separated by the thin black fabric of your thong. I kneel down, my breath juxtaposed to the crisp night air. I grab the sides of your garment, pulling it down to reveal your most illustrious spots. The overwhelming desire to taste you boils over and I slowly draw you into my face. Already, it is as wet as my tongue, beckoning me to delve deeper. As I move it in and out, flicking between your folds, I am seduced by your taste. It is as sweet as the brightest peach and twice as juicy. You let out pleasant moan, confirming the effect my tongue is having on you. Your hips whirl in harmony with my oral attack.
Seeing you wash away into this state, I decide to see test your adventurous nature and flick my tongue just above. The shock is instant, and a primal urge fills you. You reach back and grab my hair, guiding my mouth to focus solely on this spot. As I trace circles around it with my tongue, I use my middle finger to replace the emptiness left from my new efforts. Into your damp softness, it slides inward effortlessly, curving ever so slightly as I pull it out to touch your inner most sensitive spot. You are wild now. I flick my tongue hard against you, my finger hitting the perfect spot with every stroke sending electricity throughout your entire body. You are unsure how much more you can take, but you only know you want more. You need this release. You feel it coming quickly. I move my other free hand around and lightly press on your most sensitive point. It is this action that finally sets you over the edge. Instantly, you explode. You tear at my hair and pull me so deep I can no longer breathe. Out of you pours a waterfall of liquid down my entire arm. Wave after wave, it seems endless. Unbeknownst to you, you are screaming with a primal shriek of pleasure. When it ends, I pull myself away, gasping for air. Had I died here it would have all been worth it, but you see it fit to grant me more.
You are shaking. Having placed both hands on the tree now, you shudder, holding the trunk for balance. I pull your dress back down and look at the puddled mess you've made. Smiling triumphantly, knowing I've succeeded, I stand up. I half expect things to continue this event right here. You turn around, and immediately I know from the look in your eyes, this is not over, but also understand; not here. Surely someone has heard the bloody screams you'd released. You step out of thin black garment, leaving it on the ground and tugging your dress down.
You grab me in drunken state of pleasure and retread you steps back into the glimmer of light on the path in the park. I watch and can't help but smirk at the occasional wobble I've now induced into your walk. Yet you persist into pulling me by my broken shirt ever closer to the apartment building we had previously been so close to reaching.
We step off the concrete pavement and cross the asphalt street, finally reaching our destination. I am tempted to speak, but it seems you are now on a mission. Upon arriving at the door, you latch onto the handle and swing it outward with purpose. It reaches the outside wall with a thunderous bang, shocking the poor guard inside sat at his post behind the desk. The echo bellows into the open hall alerting any and all to our presence. He sees me and shoots a quizzical look my way. Seeing this woman dragging her victim, he smirks and returns his attention to the screens on his desk.
We reach the end of the foyer and you finally let go. You take a deep breath for the first time and a sense of calmness flows over you, completely transforming the primal form you'd walked in with. You turn me to, shooting a pleasant smile my way. I'm dumbstruck at the rapid change, but play along, intrigued to see where this all leads. You open your mouth to speak, and before even your voice can even be heard, I softly say "22nd floor". Your brown eyes stare into my own as I casually remind you how well I can read you. You press the call button to the right of the elevator, then precariously pat and straighten your dress with your palms as though nothing had just happened.
The insides of your thighs still glisten but would be unnoticeable to anyone who didn't know to specifically look for it. The elevator arrives with a cheerful ding, and the doors open to a fairly narrow metallic room with a red floor. I enter and you follow.
I press the button and you hold my arm close. I can feel your breasts wrap around my lower bicep as you squish them together with your shoulders. You look at me coyly and I shoot you that devilish grin once again. "Having fun yet?" I ask cockily.
Your coy face transforms into a wicked one, your smile twisting the edges of your red lips. "Of course. Let's just see if I can return the favor, shall we?"
You bring your hand to my chest. It is cold, but feels absolutely refreshing against my warm flesh. I look up to the floor notification sign, coyly pretending not to notice what you are doing. You slowly move your hand to the right, straight to my small round nipple. Instantly, it turns hard from the icy touch and sensation. You dance around it with your finger for just a moment before you begin to move lower. You slide your fingers painfully slowly down to my sternum. You flatten your hand as you reach my abs, your cold palm causing them to tighten. You rub each outline as you would the rim of a glass, caressing each one. With each one you press hard, more enthusiastically as temptation begins to fill you. Just as you reach the bottom set, you slide your slender fingers below my belt. I clench at the sensation when suddenly, DING! I'm immediately thrown back to reality as you pull your hand out quickly.
The doors open and we have arrived. You shoot me your naughtiest caught int the act face and we proceed to exit. Another small entrance, no bigger than a small walk in closet. Two doors on either side indicating only two occupants to each floor. I place my hand in my pocket, grabbing my keys. I nod my head to the left and say, "This one, here". You slide me a mischievously naughty snicker. "Hope your neighbors don't mind the late-night visit", you say glancing at the door to the right. As I'm unlocking the door, I look back to it, then to you and reply, "Neighbors haven't moved in yet. Plus, the walls are pretty thick, and the door does a good job of muffling any sounds, so no worries on that front." You bite your finger and the mischievous look on you grows.
The door unlocks and we enter. As I click the lights on, the first things that is apparent is that the loft studio apartment is much wider than you'd anticipated. With four distinct areas, and what appears to be a frosted glass room you suspect to be a rest room of sorts. Aside from that, all of the walls except the one on the right are covered with a modern brick layout, with occasional framed pictures spaced across them. The exception to the right is glass from floor to ceiling with a long cloth blind obscuring the outside view. To the immediate right, a knee-high entertainment unit with a flat screen TV and various electronics splayed across the table. The rather large grey sofa facing it has a thick fur covering across the center looking incredibly inviting, yet you allow your eyes to wander a bit more as you take it all in. The far-left corner has a large bed covered in what appears to be a grey duvet. A single nightstand and lamp are positioned next to the bed. The apartment's layout and décor scream an organized bachelor motif. Despite your urge to take me to the bed immediately, you wait to see what my next move will be.
I make my way to the back-right corner which houses a rather large kitchen and sizable dining room table. Dark wooden cupboards adorn the wall above matching ones below, adorned with a long-marbled top. "Sit if you'd like." I wave toward to the sofa just a few feet away. "I thought maybe a nice glass of champagne might be in order to quench our thirst a bit before...", I pause before detailing any event to come.
"before... huh? I think that might not be that bad of an idea at all...", you take off your shoes and stroll to the sofa. I hear your feet patter against the concrete floor. As you sit on the couch, your body sinks into it as though it were one large cushion. The fur cover is by far one of the softest things that has ever graced your skin. Its delicate silky hairs slightly tickle every inch they touch.
As I reach the kitchen, I open a black boxed wine fridge situated on the marble top. Inside is a green bottle of chilled champagne I'd been saving for a just such special occasion as this. I grab two champagne flutes that hang below the top cupboards. I make my way to where you are and place the bottle on the wooden table along with the glasses. I see you sat, crossed legged, hand caressing the fur inviting me to sit. I sit next to you, though leave some distance between us so as not to reveal my inner impatience. I grab the bottle and unravel the top. With a firm twist, I pop the cork, immediately placing the spout to one of the slender glasses. The foamy brilliant liquid pours into the flute as bubbles dance upwards. I proceed slowly so as to let you simmer and pour the second glass. Finally, I hand it to you.
For the first time this evening, we look at each other. Not as passionate lovers, but as companions in the night. Despite my inner most desire to ravage you, my mind veers off course as my heart twinges when thinking this may be the only time we spend together. I contemplate longer than I should before you place your finger on my lips. I look at you and know the feeling is mutual. You shake your head slowly; these words are not meant to be said. You cheer my glass, and our glasses gleefully chime.
I drink it down, the cool liquid refreshing me and squashing any pain I might feel in the moment. You place your glass on the table and then caress my face with those cold silky hands. You lean in, pressing your lips softly against my own. It's a small kiss at first, but it throws any concerns I have to the wind. I lean forward into another, and the intensity grows. With each touch of our lips there's an increased voracity building between us.
Suddenly, the time between the park and now is indivisible and the passion has renewed. You fall back into the couch, with myself blanketing you. I once again go for your neck and make my way to your lobe. I nibble softly, as you claw your hands at my back. I move back to remove my shirt and you lift your dress above your head, it snags here and there, but with no more than a few shimmy's, it is no more. You toss it serendipitous away from us.
It is in this moment I see you for the first time completely bare. My heart literally flutters for a moment as I am in utter awe at your beauty. Your pale skin contrasts the fiery red hair and brown fur cover below, which oddly compliments your deep brown eyes. Your breasts; ample, but not excessively so with small pink eraser sized nipples protruding in anticipation. Your thin waist and soft slender stomach give way to the bottom of your hourglass figure. You are devoid of any hair and you mound is flush red, dripping with urgent expectancy.
You lay back, and you are angelic, hands sprawled to the side like the tiny wings of the creature you are. You look at me, toned and bare chested. From my navel down, sprouts a well-groomed line leading below. There is a hint of a v between my waist and abs, beckoning you to venture. Your eyes are once again filling with the ferocity once seen before and you lash out at my belt. Before I am able to even comprehend your action, you have already undone this trivial lock holding up my grey pants and unzipped me.
With two hands, you pull them down slowly. Your eyes glimmer as though it is Christmas day and are opening a long-awaited gift. The tip, a perfect head, round and with the tiniest droplet of substance leaking from the topmost point. You proceed to unwrap this so-called gift and are amazed to see how far it goes. The pink fleshy shaft leads its way down to the bottom. Here, completely devoid of mane, resides a plump purse containing two enlarged orbs. Your mind is in autopilot now, as your one hand cradles them, the other grasping onto the base of the hardened rod.
You see the glistening droplet and desire drives you forward. With the flat of your tongue, you lick from the bottom all the way to the top. The tip of your tongue steals the droplet and the salty taste only motivates you to want more. You swirl your tongue around the tip, pulling it into your mouth. You slide down, with one hand grasping firmly and the other tugging lightly. My mind is in a whirlwind of sensation and I lean my head back letting out a guttural moan deep from within my chest. I look down in sheer ecstasy and I brush your hair away so I can see your efforts. I softly grab your fiery locks which only seems to instill further effort on your part. I pull you in deep softly, and amazingly you slide down without struggle. With a continued grasp at the base, you suck while slithering your tongue along the underside as you rise. Once you reach the top, you pop the top out, swirl your tongue around it again, and delve back with ever increasing enthusiasm. My moans seem to encourage you further and further, deeper and deeper with each attempt.
I do my best to control myself, but eventually I can feel my urge begin to take over. The harder I grab your hair and pull, the more enticed you seem to get. Soon, I'm in total disbelief at how capable you are and the intensity of your performance.
I am struggling to maintain concentration now, as the world begins spinning faster and faster. I am grunting some primordial sound that begins to instinctively take over. I want to speak, but something holds back my tongue. I feel a pressure growing, and your tugging and slurping do nothing but to throw combustibles, igniting the fire within further.
In my final moment, I am able to muster all my concentration together for one brief warning. "I'm close", I moan loudly. You delve down one final time, tugging with a pressured squeeze to drain every ounce out of me. I erupt into your mouth, filling it. My mind soars, as I feel this energy caress me from out to within. As you remove your mouth off me, you look into my eyes, bringing me back into reality. Your mouth open; overflowing. Your continued stroking instills yet another eruption into the air and onto your chest, followed by a third.
Finally returning to reality, I cusp your face in my hands. You close your mouth and smile, consuming the savory essence like it is your lifeblood, reveling in the taste. You rub the few spots where the milky syrup landed and rub as though you were elegantly putting on some sort of skin lotion. You grab your breasts, squeezing them together; squishing the droplets remaining and pressing against your nipples. Despite my adventure beyond, you are already preparing me for yet another as you trace your fingers from base to tip, billowing the embers within my forge.
You pull my pants down further until they are just another article on the floor. You grab me by the arms and pull me down. Your lips locking against mine. Not wanting to discomfort you, I roll you over so that you are straddling on top of me. My moment to recompose is over and your passionate fury re-instills a growing ferocity within me. It's only been but a moment, and yet I am ready for more.
I pull you up my body so that my tip just brushes your entrance. You look at me, placing your hand behind my head, as I do yours. You slide down and I feel your smooth burning velvet encompass me. Our eyes look at each other with irrepressible intensity. Your dark chocolate eyes gazing deep into my cerulean wonder. Once you have glided to the bottom, you recline back, filling you as you've never felt before. You brush you hands down my arms. Our fingers interlocking as you lift yourself gyrating your hips and threatening eject me, but stopping at the right moment, only to slip back down. You close your eyes and your ruby lips part. The slightest moan escapes you, like a whimper crying out for more.
You move my hands to your breasts as I grasp them, squeezing them together hard. You lean further back, clutching onto my thighs for steadiness as you continue to ride. The feeling is amazing but my renewed focus allows me to concentrate on exactly what I know you need of me. As you move up, I piston my own hips pulling all the way out, then as you descend, I thrust forward in harmony, pushing deeper than you'd imagined ever possible. As our plunging passion hastens, I move my mouth to your neck. I bite hard and you begin to descend into madness. I grope you and twist your eraser like nub, sending your further into the wild spire.
Your moaning, which started as a whimper, increases in both volume and pitch. What was once a soft kitten's meow is now a growling tigress. Your nails begin digging into my thigh as though you were spurring a galloping steed. I am thrusting hard into you and you are forcibly shoving yourself down, impaling yourself as deep as humanly possible. Each time you bottom out, you are screaming wildly.
Within minutes, I can feel your orgasm approaching yet again. Your wetness becomes ever more slick, the heat almost scorching. You begin to shudder and shake with every thrust. I take your nipple into my mouth, and it is this tiny action that sends you over the edge, once again opening the flood gates as you quiver uncontrollably. While not as intense as the one before, you allow the sensation to overtake your mind. Movement is paused momentarily as you hit your pinnacle, then begin to return to the reality at hand. As your rhythm tapers off to a slow lull, you look at me, weary, pleased; yet, hidden behind those eyes something tell me, not fulfilled just yet.
Through your panting, you muster something quiet that I can't quite hear. I look at you puzzled and ask what you said. You take a deep breath and compose yourself as best you can considering, and repeat yourself louder. "I want to try something... but... you have to promise... not to do anything I don't tell you" you say, still breathing heavily.
My mind is dizzy, and I lay back, placing my arms behind my neck. I am confused, but something in me pushes me to pursue this intriguing itch. "Ok" is the only word my mind can even comprehend at this moment.
You lift yourself off me slowly, moaning as it reaches its tip. With one small movement, my damp still solid member slips out, slapping my abdomen as you let out an almost inaudible whine. I see your naked figure skate across the cold floor, as you move toward the bathroom. I can see the light turn on inside, and you disappear. I roll to my side, finally catching my breath. I pick up the precipitating green bottle and pour yet another glass of champagne, gulping it down and attempting to quench my insatiable thirst.
Through the frosted glass, I can barely make out your location within the room, but can hear the quiet shuffling and moving of objects. Suddenly it stops. I have no idea what you are doing but if my curiosity hadn't been piqued before, it absolutely is now. After a few minutes, you turn off the light from within and emerge. Stepping out, your smooth alabaster skin glows as your burning red hair flows with each step. You walk to the door, flicking off the remaining lights, shrouding the room in darkness and cautiously glide to the sofa.
You sit on the edge of the couch next to my pelvis, I scuttle further into the rear cushions to give you more room. You take the bottle of champagne, allowing a few drops to sputter to the ground. You pour a full glass, and after a long-winded breath, quaff it all down in one go.
You gradually lay next to me, spooning, as your soft skin touches my body. Our legs intertwine, and I put my arm around you. You clutch my hand and place it under your chin. I trace my thumb down your jawline, as you close your eyes. After a minute of me holding you tightly, not wanting to ever let you go, you finally speak. "I know... we don't know each other, at all. I don't even know your name right now."
I want to speak but resist the urge as deep within I truly want to hear what you have to say. Your ferocious confident self has now melted, and your soft-spoken voice is now one of honesty and subtle insecurity.
You pause hesitantly, pushing away the dopamine inducing thoughts that brought us here to the intimate moment at hand. You refocus and speak with a more assured voice. "I won't ask any questions, and tonight, I don't want you to ask any either. I just... if tonight is our one night together, I want to have one unique experience to remember you by."
I am still unsure what you are speaking of. Despite your objections, I truly want to tell you everything there is about me; to learn every detail about you and fulfill every curious aspect I have of you. For a moment, we share this raw emotional moment, and I hold back the building urge to let my emotions get the best of me. This isn't about me. This is about you, and if this is your request then I willingly oblige.
After a moment of silence, laying in the dark, I muster myself to finally speak. "I... I hope tonight isn't our only night, but understand if it is. Regardless, I will always remember tonight and... can only hope that you will too".
I can sense my words delve to your very core, and you pull my hand to your lips, pressing them softly against it. You move your body and tell me to pull the cover down over us. I do so, as if we are wrapping ourselves into a fluffy cocoon. You roll and face me head on. You avoid the gaze you've maintained the entire night, but stare at my lips instead. Your hands graze my smooth face, pulling me in for a soft kiss. Your smooth legs graze my own, and we share this uniquely dear moment together. Our soft kisses continue.
At first, you nibble my bottom lip. Next a soft graze of your tongue. I hold all my inhibitions to kiss you deeply, passionately, and move at the speed you set. After several minutes, my patience is rewarded as you begin to kiss me deeper. Your soft almost meek kisses have begun to return to your primitive state. You begin pulling me in, your tongue twisting and dancing with my own. Your hands move down under the blankets to where our bodies squirm further heating the enclosed space.
I feel your cold wet hands grasp me and am somewhat confused. I see the wet champagne bottle and table and assume this to be the culprit. You begin to use both hands, lusciously and sleekly stroking every inch of me, making sure to rub into every fold. I am now fully rigid once again but maintain my promise. You roll over pulling my hand to your breast and massaging it into the pillowy mound. You pull my other hand below and around you. With your back to me, you continue to roll my hand on your breast. You clasp the other one and bring it to your mouth, nibbling, biting and licking the tip of my thumb.
"Kiss, my neck. Softly..." you whisper. We are alone in this darkness together and your whisper cuts through the silence. I place my lips to just below your ear, where your rose colored hair gives way to your snowy smooth skin. I plant just the softest kiss imaginable, my chin brushing your shoulder as I do so. I follow it up with another, slightly lower than the last as you close your eyes.
Your breathing becomes heavier and I can feel your heart just starting to race. Our inhales and exhales slowly become in sync and soon, much like our dancing that came previously, we seem united in all our movements.
I am nearing the base of your neck now, still the almost ticklish kisses continue. Through my lips, I can feel the goosebumps form as they send shivers down your body. "My ear, harder, but not too hard...", your whisper gives hints of your voice now, no longer just wispy and quiet.
I move to the bottom most point, parting my lips ever so slightly and I press them onto it. I open once again, allowing the very slightest tip to brush you. Rolling slightly and then back again, you press yourself further into me. You scrape your teeth against my thumb, releasing my hand from yours.
"Keep kissing me, but don't move", you warn me with impatience. I continue to focus solely on my mouth's tender actions and refrain from moving and an inch of my body further. I feel you slide your hand below, grabbing me. You move slightly forward granting you enough room to place things exactly where you want. You handle me like a lever, moving me right into place. I can feel myself now between your thighs. The tip brushes between your folds. You rock back and forth, using your hand to press me against your sensitive pearl. Little sighs now escape your mouth, your world is beginning to twirl. After a minute or so, the rocking has become intense. You are building your pleasure, enticing me and driving me wild. I want to grab you and do all the worst things imaginable, but I clench my teeth and bare with unending fortitude.
You sway your hips and the tip enters you ever so slightly. You gyrate, spinning me in your warm embrace not delving any deeper than this. I groan in anticipation. It is here where you move me out and make the readjustment you've been planning in your mind. Slightly back you move me as you press at the entrance. You pull air through your wide-open mouth, filling your lungs and holding it with all you can. Between your own juices and something other slick substance I gradually slip into the crevice.
I pause, stunned silence shutting every inch of me. Your grasp me more tightly than anything I'd ever felt as you linger in this infinite moment paused in time. A whimper escapes you, and the fear that I may be causing even the slightest ounce of pain enters my mind. But I follow your directions to the t, not questioning, not speaking, not moving.
Your eyes are wide staring into the darkness of the room. It is unimaginable and nigh unbearable, yet something in you persists. Something in you craves this. You latch onto that feeling and slowly begin to accommodate your desire. The pressure in your lungs begin to become intolerable and you release calmly. Doing so pushes an inescapable moan out of you, the likes of which you'd not known before this moment. It reassures all my concerns and I continue my statuesque presence.
Your craving from within begins to overtake you, telling you to proceed. Your momentum downward is haltingly gentle, and you eventually begin your descent. Time has ceased to exist for us, and all I can do is remain fortitudinous. Despite the pressure building within me, I restrain myself and allow the scorching satin to encompass my yearning appetite.
Inside, your frenzied greed tells you to succumb to itself. Through careful poise and control over your lust, you achieve your goal, finally having pressed yourself against my body fully. The feeling is incredible yet indescribable. The connection between us is nigh ethereal. You pause once again, melting into the lustful hunger you so desire.
You begin your ascension, every nerve now sending bolts of pleasure throughout. I am biting my tongue so severely at this moment to stifle my urge that the concern I may go too far enters my mind. This new sensation fills your most intimate longing, scratching an itch you never knew existed. You are lost in the moment entirely as you begin to move once more. What was a snail's pace has now edged into a crawl. Your other sensations begin to bleed back into existence as you begin using my hands to knead your chest.
Mumbles to an unknown deity escape your mouth as own releases it's most primitive sounds. With every plunge, you pull as much of the cool air into your lungs as possible and release sultry carnality with every escalation.
Something is building, charging further and further with each passing moment to some unknown destination. You know not where this will take you but rush toward it with reckless abandon. You are forcing my hands to pull and compress your buttons, sending us both further into hysteria. Minutes pass like the second hand on a clock.
You wring my hand further down into the depths and rub. Your nectar trickles out of you, dampening where we lay. You push two of my fingers along yourself, pirouetting them into a lewd waltz. I am beginning to lose control and finally begin to break your rule. I dig my teeth into your collar and taking control once more of my hand. Inside, a rolling boil has now seeped into dangerous territory and it is here we finally arrive at true madness.
You slam down onto me with the force of a dying sun. You are shaking wildly, stars whirling overhead as you erupt. My own summit timing perfectly with your own and cascade a torrent throughout. We are screaming the symphonic cacophony of true lust's anthem to the silent applause of the night.
Time passes and our breathing resumes its normal tempo. We lay mute, no word is muttered, nor voice spoken. I can sense dusk beckoning you away into its calm cradle and you leave me alone in the gloom of twilight. Despite its allure, I forcibly shove midnight's loving embrace away long enough to move silently around you as you succumb to your weary mind and body.
I cautiously place my arms under your resting head and slender legs and hoist you up. I move through the pitch-black room with ease. I place you on the cool mattress we never did end up making it and cover you in the down duvet. I position myself in and sneak toward you no as not to disturb your slumber. I place my arm around you one final time, holding you close.
Though I wish not to look away for a moment, the caress of night takes hold. My eyes close and I drift into inertia...
When my mind takes hold again, my recollection of your returns in full. Whatever dreams had been playing just moments ago fade into dark depths as I begin to wake. I can feel light piercing my eyelids, pushing me further awake. I do my best to remain in comfort of the darkness, forcibly keeping my eyes closed. I don't feel you. I move my arm where you'd previously been in a slight waving fashion, but you are gone. I don't want to open my eyes.
I can smell your perfume still. It lingers faintly but instantly pulls forth an image of you in my mind. I feel a dent where you'd laid. The twinge of pain hits me again. Despite my hearts best efforts to keep my eyes closed and remain in this memory forever, my brain tells me to open my eyes. The light stings as they open and the only thing I can think is to close them once again. But something inside pushes me, forces me to open and acknowledge the new day. Finally, my eyes open. Immediately, they want only to focus on where you once were.
As reality begins to focus once again, I push myself to sit up. Light pushes through the blinds, illuminating the room and indicating the sunny morn outside. I slowly sway my gaze across the room, hoping that you'll be there. The silence only further confirms what my eyes see as the room is completely empty. The green bottle and two glasses sit on the table, empty and secluded much like my current sentiments. Though my hopes are fading I look to the bathroom, but yet it too remains dark and vacant.
I breathe a sigh of unfulfilled expectations and move my feet out from under the covers. They sting from the coldness of the concrete. After a long stretch, I move myself into the desolation of the room.
Not more than a few steps in, something catches my eye. A small white piece of folded paper has been fixated to the door.
I throw myself at it, lunging like a careless pup after a new toy. I'm not more than a few short meters away when something stops me in my tracks. Sudden instant pain shoots up my leg as my small toe collides with the foot of the sofa. Instantly, my first instinct is to kick the villainous pole which only manages to succeed further in damaging my already victimized limb. I bite my lip hard, attempting to hold back and subdue the pain. I mutter how much I hate the stupid thing, then refocus back to the task at hand. I limp the last few feet and snatch the paper off the door.
I resist my first urge to immediately open the letter and withhold the excitement growing with me. I open it and surprised to see its contents. A simple seven-digit number with a vivid red imprint of your lips just below. There's no name, and no other details other than what you've provided. I take the note and move to the sofa, sitting in the middle. I grab my trousers and jumble through its pocket's contents until I grasp my phone.
I swipe the screen and press the green button at the bottom. I enter the numbers and am just about to call, when I stop. I think for a moment contemplating my next course of action. I look at this line of digits and slide my own to the save contacts button. I'm unsure what to save it under with so few actual details that I can provide the little machine.
After a few moments, I end up resigning the contact name to the a few descriptive words that come to mind; Autumn's embers. I also change your ringtone to something more memorable should conversation's continue. I flip through the options and settle on foreigner's urgency and click save. I stare intently at the title and resist all urges to immediately press the contact call button.
I know this game well... I wait...
Well, hope you enjoyed. Depending on things, I may continue this to see where it plays out. In my mind, their next encounter will be at an upscale restaurant meeting with friends. Be nice to see how things progress should they find each other again, but who knows... Anyways, take care and thanks for taking the time to have a read. Comments are appreciated.
I'd also like to take a final moment to thank the members of R4R30Plus for all the support and a certain Sour individual who nudged my story in the right direction. Much appreciated folks and thank you all for keeping me alive when sleep just wouldn't come.
Take care folks and hope to see you again soon.
With love,
D. Montague.