When it comes to "plain Jane's" I am convinced if you were to look up the definition of a plain Jane, you would see a picture of Ralph's wife, Gwen.
For this reason I had never even given her a second thought. Her daughter has a body that literally will not quit. While it's true Pamela is not what you would call a beauty, her fantastic body more than makes up for her looks. Somewhat surprisingly, the more I am around her the more I find her cute in a peculiar way. Her large nose and noticeable over bite become less significant when you scan down to her incredible tits, flat firm abdomen and long firm legs.
Pamela got her large nose from her mom. Gwen is about the same height as her daughter, but she is thinner. She is actually what you would probably call skinny. One thing is certain; Pamela did not get her tits from her mom.
I am not sure Gwen has tits. I am exaggerating a little, because she does have tits, but they are nothing like Pamela's. Gwen has a slight overbite so maybe Pamela got that from her as well.
When you boil it all down, Gwen is just not noticeable. She is as plain as they come. She dresses modestly, although I think even if she tried to dress provocatively, no one would notice. In essence, she would blend in with most wall paper.
So there you have it. I believe Gwen is in her late thirties since I heard Ralph mention she was sixteen when she had Pamela, she is tall, skinny, no tits, big nose, and slight overbite, and just plain plain. She keeps her hair in kind of an out dated page boy style, and her face is generally always buried in a paperback book of some sort.
I am not sure what attracted Ralph to her in the first place. Although Ralph is certainly no gem himself, so maybe they are meant for each other. Had it not been for our little experiment with Ralph and my wife, he probably would be dying from boredom. Gwen seems content with her books. At least I know Gwen has been fucked once, with Pamela being the result.
So a few days back, I was over at their place on their rear deck area talking to Ralph about something. He had stepped into his garage to get something for me or to show me, I don't recall which it was. Gwen got up to use the bathroom. She smiled as she passed me and commented on how lovely a day it was. She tends to not talk much.
I agreed with her and looked at her skinny no tits body as she passed. She was wearing a button up sun dress of some sort, and it like most of what she wore was boring.
Curious, I stepped over to see what her latest book was. I had noticed she used a plain cover on her books. I assumed so she could keep them clean for resale or something like that.
The words, "He jammed his hard cock in her mouth as Chuck jerked her panties down and jammed his cock in her asshole," leapt off the page she was reading and practically knocked me to my knees.
I was more than blown away by what skinny plain Jane Gwen was reading. Hidden under her plain dust cover was a dirty cheap two bit sex novel that would make a sailor blush. I flipped through a few pages and saw nothing but fucking and sucking and cum shooting here and there and in this mouth or that one.
I put the book back where she had it and moved to one of the chairs to sit down. My mind was racing with all kinds of ideas.
Pretty soon Gwen came back out to the deck. "Can I get you a beer or something to drink while you wait for Ralph," she asked.
"Thanks Gwen, a beer sounds great," I smiled as she quickly skittered back into the house to fetch one.
When she came back out, I scanned her skinny body looking for something, anything appealing. She was just so fucking plain. It appeared that she wore a bra under her plain sun dress. For the life of me, I could not figure why she needed one. If her tits filled an A-cup I would have been surprised.
It wasn't as though she was ugly, because she was not. She had nice enough features and her nose was not that large. It's just that she was so plain.
"What are you reading?" I asked as I took a sip of my cold beer.
She blushed and stammered, "Oh just some old romance girly thing. You know us girls like to watch chick flicks and read romance novels," she chuckled nervously as she backed up to sit back on her lounge chair.
Ralph soon joined us and he and I chatted a bit more before I left.
My mind kept popping back to the book Gwen was so engrossed in. I wondered if I should see how far I could go with her. Nothing about her was appealing to me, but then, nothing about Pamela appealed to me either until I finally saw her naked.
Debbie was as shocked as I had been when I told her what kind of books Gwen reads. "Sounds to me like Ralph's not keeping her content," she chuckled. "Being married to Ralph, I bet she masturbates all the time. She probably has a box of dildos under her bed," she laughed.
I laughed, "I think you're on to something babe. The only problem is, as plain and boring as she is, I doubt anyone else would volunteer to fill in for old Ralphy boy," I chuckled.
"You could," she giggled. "After all it would be the neighborly thing to do," she burst into laughter as I scowled at her suggestion.
"Thanks, but I will stick with their daughter. At least she has tits," I laughed.
Over the next few days I could not quit thinking about the book she was reading as I wondered really how far she might go. I finally decided to try a little test to see what her response might be.
Ralph had mentioned he was going to an antique store in a town close by to check out a desk he had been looking for, and I knew Pamela was going on a picnic somewhere with Jason. Knowing Pamela would be tied up for some time, undoubtedly being fucked every way possible by Jason, I decided to pay Gwen a little visit.
I have this one pair of shorts that are hard to describe. I think I got them for a Halloween party or costume party or something. They are made out of a very lightweight material and they are short. I think I could easily put both legs through one leg hole. When I wore them, I remember wearing a swim suit under them because you could easily see up either leg hole to my ass or my cock if I had nothing on under the baggy shorts.
I pulled them on with nothing under them and sat in front of a mirror. When I crossed my legs or moved them in anyway, you could easily see my cock and my balls. If I leaned back or lay down, the thin material would slide up and my cock would literally hang out the leg hole. The harder my cock got, the easier it was to see. If I tugged them up a bit most of my cock hung out one of the leg holes.
Debbie was over visiting Sherri who had just returned with her hubby Ozzy from a European vacation. I pulled on a tee shirt and slipped on some sandals and sauntered over to see if Ralph had a beer. Just in case anything happened, I slipped one of my small cameras in the pocket of my shorts.
The material of these stupid shorts was so light weight; the wind was literally blowing my shorts up exposing my cock for brief flashes as I walked. I had to chuckle at this, now knowing what girls put up with when they wear skirts.
I rang the doorbell and moments later plain old Gwen answered the door.
"Oh hi Gary, ah Ralph's not here," she stammered blushing slightly.
"I don't suppose he has any beer in his fridge, I am bone dry next door and as hot as it is, I could use a cold beer," I said as I smiled at her.
"Oh sure, sure come on in," she said. "I was just out on the deck reading and enjoying the shade myself," she added.
"Well if you don't mind a little company, I will try and work through a little of Ralph's beer supply for a while," I chuckled.
She showed me to the deck and she said she would grab a beer and be right out.
I set in a chair facing her lounge and glanced down. I slid forward so my shorts gapped in the right place. I figured if she got back on her lounge chair she would have a clear view of my cock. I was surprised that my cock was starting to stiffen in anticipation. I mean this was after all "plain Jane Gwen," not some hot looking babe.
As Gwen came out she carried two beers. I was a little surprised her sun dress actually had some color to it and was not as plain as some of the others I had seen her wearing.
I thanked her and as she sit down on her lounge I saw a sudden surprised look register on her face as she obviously had spotted my cock peeking out under my shorts. I ignored her shocked look and commented on how nice Ralph kept their back yard.
Her eyes kept darting to my cock then up, and then back to my cock. "He sure does a nice job on his shrubs," I said as I twisted and looked out toward their yard. I could feel my cock slide out through my leg hole in my shorts when I twisted and wondered if Gwen would say anything.
I knew it was now dangling outside of my shorts and completely exposed to Gwen. She said nothing. Instead she stuttered and stammered, agreeing with my comments about their back yard.
I continued to gaze at their yard and twisted one way, and then the other feeling my exposed cock slightly cooler from hanging out the leg hole in my shorts. As I twisted this way then that way I caught her staring directly at my cock. She quickly averted her eyes when I turned in her general direction. They immediately went back to my cock when I was looking the other way.
Finally I turned back to her and took another drink of my beer. I leaned back in my chair with my legs spread apart and my cock dangling out of my shorts. There was probably at least three or more inches of my cock exposed. Gwen was beet red, but managed to smile as she looked everywhere she could except at my cock. She did look though, as often as she felt she could without being obvious. When I tilted my head back to drink from the beer bottle, her eyes fell immediately to my cock.
Gwen fidgeted and twisted nervously in her lounge chair as I droned on about this or that. She smiled and chuckled at my silly stories and tried from time to time to mumble a response. She kept stealing looks at my cock hanging loose through the wide leg hole of my shorts. I continued to act oblivious to my being exposed and it became obvious she was buying it.
She even went so far as to point out a weather vane Ralph had put up on their tool shed. This caused me to twist around again which freed more of my cock from my shorts. She then began asking if I had seen this or that in their back yard. Each time I was forced to twist or turn and look behind me, giving her several opportunities to stare at my exposed cock.
It got to the point where I could easily catch her staring at my exposed cock when I turned back to her from looking at something she had pointed out behind me. As we chatted, several times she would look down at my cock then back up at me.
"I could use another beer, are you ready for one?" I asked as I stood up.
"Oh I can get it," she blurted.
"No no, you stay put. I know where the fridge is," I chuckled as I walked past her. Her eyes focused on my crotch as I strolled past.
I grabbed two bottles from the refer and hiked my wide legged shorts up slightly. This brought the head of my cock to within less than an inch of the leg opening. I walked back out and Gwen's eyes fell immediately to my crotch as I walked across the deck to where she was.
I handed her one of the beers which she opened and immediately drank several gulps of.
"I really like the way Ralph did his lighting on your deck," I said as I stared up at the lights he had strung all around under the canopy over their deck.
"Huh? Oh ah yes ah he took a lot of pride in hanging those," she stammered as she stared at my crotch. From her lower position I was pretty sure she could see the fat head of my cock since I had hiked my shorts higher.
I moved over closer to her lounge chair. Her head was just a little lower than my crotch which would be perfect for my next move. I leaned over the top of her reaching up. This reaching up move pulled my shorts up and I felt the cool breeze on my cock as it fell through the wide leg hole.
"I am trying to see what he used to secure the wiring," I said as I stretched higher causing more of my cock to be exposed just over Gwen's upturned face. I stretched more as my cock dangled dangerously close to her nose.
I stole a quick glance down and saw her eyes wide as she stared directly at my cock swinging less than an inch from her mouth.
"It looks like maybe a wiring clamp or something like that," I mumbled innocently as I felt my cock lightly brush across Gwen's upper lip.
"No no that's not it," I mumbled casually as I stretched a little more and felt my cock between her lips. Her mouth was obviously open in disbelief this was actually happening to her.
"Actually he might have glued some of this," I said as casually as I could.
I was surprised when I felt Gwen's tongue swipe across the head of my cock. This caused my already stiffening cock to engorge noticeably. I looked down to see the head of my cock resting between her lips. Her eyes were the size of saucers.
Seeing just part of the head of my cock between her lips made my cock almost immediately grow to a rock hard state.
"Damn Gwen," I blurted as I stared down at her. "I forgot to wear underwear this morning. I am sorry," I added as I looked down at the head of my cock almost all the way in her wide open mouth.
"Look what you've done to me," I bellowed as pulled my shorts up higher exposing nearly all of my cock which was still resting between her lips.
I jacked my hips forward shoving more of my cock into her mouth before I pulled it out and stepped back from her.
"I ah I d-d-didn't know what to s-s-say" she managed to stutter as she stared at my hard cock bobbing in front of her. She was totally aghast and blushing bright red as she followed my bobbing cock with her stare.
"Well you're going to have to help me out now," I said as I slid my baggy shorts down to my knees and stepped forward gripping my cock and squeezing a drop of pre cum from the tip of it.
"I ah well ah, I... Oh I couldn't ah," she finally managed to gasp out as I began jacking my cock off in front of her open mouth.
"But you made it hard, you licked the head of my cock, you have to help," I said as I brushed my now leaking cock across her lips, sticking the head in her mouth before pulling it out as I continued jacking myself off.
"Oh ah well ah, I ah," she stammered, her eyes still wide as she stared at a bubble of pre cum forming at the tip of my cock.
Reaching down into my pocket I pulled my tiny camera out and quickly snapped a few shots of her staring wide eyed in a state of shock at my rock hard cock. I knew those pictures would be priceless.
"Don't ah don't..." she gasped for breath as she stared at me jacking my cock toward her mouth. "Don't c-c-cum in my mouth," she finally managed to stutter.
"Well suck on it," I said staring down at her as I continued snapping still shots.
Somewhat tentatively at first, I felt her lips close over the head of my cock as I continued jacking off. I snapped several shots of her with my cock in her mouth. Then I clenched the wrist cord on the camera between my teeth and reached down with both hands to grasp her on both sides of her head. I pushed my cock in and pulled her head forward.
I slid my cock deep enough into her mouth to hear her gag and kind of gurgle as I fucked her mouth rapidly for close to a minute or more. Then I released her head.
"Suck on it Gwen, suck it hard!" I said sternly.
Still gagging a little she captured the head of my cock between her lips and sucked as hard as she could.
Pausing for a moment, I heard her muffled plea for me to not cum in her mouth. It wasn't easy to understand her with her mouth stuffed full of my cock, but I got the message. I took several more pictures of her cheeks sunken in showing that she was clearly sucking hard on my cock as I continued to furiously jack off.
Feeling my cum approaching, I clenched the cord on my camera between my teeth again and gripped the sides of her head as I felt my thick cum jet out of my cock into her mouth. Her head jerked back reflexively when the first thick glob of cum spurted in her mouth. Gripping the sides of her head firmly I kept my cock in her mouth.
Both of her hands jerked upward and pressed hard against my belly and she squirmed violently. My cum spurted into her mouth repeatedly in long warm satisfying streams. I shoved my cock deeper into her mouth and held tightly to her head as she tried to twist and struggled to pull back.
She was gagging and flailing around trying everything she could to get my erupting cock out of her mouth. She surprised me with her strength as she pushed hard against my gut trying to push me back. I could feel her legs kicking as she pushed at me and squirmed.
When I was pretty sure I had pumped all I had into her mouth, I quickly pulled my wet cock out and instantly clasped my hand over her mouth at the same time. I straddled her skinny body holding her in place as she twisted and kicked wildly trying to free herself from under me.
Her eyes were the size of hubcaps as I leaned in next to her. My hand firmly held her mouth closed as she retched, her skinny body bucked and her legs kicked as she gagged with her mouth full of my cum.
"You have to swallow it," I whispered in her ear.
Her wide eyes were tearing as she shook her head as best she could from side to side.
"You have to," I repeated. "Just like the girls in the book your reading," I added.
Her pleading eyes seemed to grasp the reality of her situation and she sort of sighed. She stopped squirming and seemed to focus on what she knew she was going to have to do.
Finally I heard a small gulp, followed by another, and then another. She retched and I thought she might heave, but she managed not to.
I stared down at her as she swallowed what I guessed was the last of my cum.
I smiled and leaned in closer, "All gone?" I asked as I kept my hand over her mouth.
I was glad her eyes weren't lasers, because she would have cut me in half with them if they had been. I released the grip I had on her mouth and she gasped for breath as she coughed and slumped on the lounge trying to regain some level of composure.
"Open up and let me see," I chuckled as I leaned forward to look in her mouth.
I was met with a thoroughly disgusted look as she opened her mouth wide for me to peer inside. Her mouth had a thin coating of my cum but it appeared she had in fact swallowed the main part of my load.
"Here's a beer chaser, nothing tops off a mouth full of warm thick cum like beer," I chuckled as she quickly grasped the bottle and took several large gulps.
As she guzzled the beer, I grabbed the top of her sundress and jerked it from both sides. The buttons flew everywhere as I pulled it open. Gwen was exhausted and she just lay there sucking more beer from her bottle as I reached and pushed her bra up exposing her tits. While they did not protrude out as far, I was surprised to see her nipples rivaled my wife's and her tits actually looked damn good. They were certainly nothing to write home about as far as their size, but overall, I thought they looked good. Her nipples were rock hard.
Her tits rose and fell rapidly as she struggled to catch her breath. She was ignoring me as I pushed her sundress up and reached and pulled her panties off, stuffing them in one of my pockets. With my shorts still around my knees, I stood and pulled her legs wide apart. As I expected her cunt was dripping wet. I shoved two of my fingers in her cunt and finger fucked her a few times. This prompted some groans and grunts from her, as she continued gulping her beer.
I then snapped several pictures of her lying spread eagle on her lounge with some of my cum that had managed to slip past my grip on her chin. Moving up to her head I held the camera high and took some still shots of me with my wet limp cock near her mouth. I was smiling, she looked exhausted.
"Suck it and smile for the camera," I said as I pushed her beer bottle aside and stuck my cock into her mouth and snapped a few more pictures. Again, I was smiling, she looked disgusted, but she did manage to suck on my cock.
"Hey, thanks for the beer and the blow job," I chuckled as I pulled my baggy shorts up. "Give me a call the next time you're alone and want to offer me a beer," I chuckled.
Gwen said nothing. She simply stared up at me with what appeared to be a disgusted look as she breathed heavily and coughed from time to time.
I walked back to my place and went straight out to my yard. Gwen was still lying on the lounge with her dress up and her legs spread. Her small tits and hard nipples were still exposed. However, it looked like she was finger fucking herself and I heard her moaning as I am guessing she climaxed. She then managed to stand and sort of staggered into the house.
Debbie was going to be shocked when I showed her the pictures. I now have complete control of our neighbors. I planned on having more fun with plain Jane Gwen.