It was late. Well, early. Depending on your point of view. At was almost four am, and I was woken by an insistent, but not loud, knock at my door. I dragged myself out of bed, pulled on a robe and went and opened it.
Rachel was there. She looked like shit, her hair and makeup a mess. She was wearing my damn hoodie, and was clutching it tightly to her.
"I'm sorry," she said quietly, almost whispering, "can I come in?"
"Well, fuck, I'm awake now, so you might as well."
I stood aside and let her in, then shut the door.
"Can I have a shower?" she asked, heading for the bathroom.
"Uh, sure", I said, watching as she went in and dropped my hoodie on the ground. Other than that, the only thing she was wearing was the fishnet bodysuit I'd seen her in, torn open at the crotch, and her stripper heels.
She turned the water on, then sat on the toilet and took her shoes off, then started wiggling around to get the pretty much ruined bodysuit off.
Steam was rising from the tub, and she stepped in. I went and got her a towel, then went and made myself a drink and sat to wait for her to come out.
I heard the water shut off, and a short while later she came out with her bedraggled hair and the towel wrapped around her.
"Can I borrow a toothbrush?" she asked.
I went and got a new one of the drawer and handed it to her.
"You can keep it," I said, smiling at her.
I watched her butt jiggling from behind as she brushed her teeth, spat, then brushed her tongue, then brushed her teeth again. Finally, she came out of the bathroom, and I walked from the hallway back into the living room.
"Thanks," she said, "I couldn't go home looking like that."
"Do you want to talk about it, or do you just want me to run you home?"
"I think I'd like to talk," she said.
"OK," I said. I got up to go and make her a cup of tea, and she followed me into the kitchen.
"I've had a bit of a night," she said, leaning against the counter, watching me.
"OK," I said.
I waited for her to talk, putting a tea bag in a cup.
"So we went to the club, OK?" she started. I nodded.
"We danced, and Kristi told everybody about my scene in the library, and you buttfucking me. They were all really interested in what it felt like, and everybody wanted to see and everything. So we ended up in the ladies' room, with about fifteen girls watching, while Kristi had me bend over and hold the sink, so my skirt was high enough that everybody could see my butthole. First she pulled my thong down, and had me step out of it. Then she pulled my cheeks apart so they could see, and it felt like everybody in the world took turns touching me and playing with the plug. Eventually, she pulled it out, and your cum ran out of me, and down my leg a little. She didn't want me cleaning up, so we went back out, with it drying on my thighs. I didn't want to sit down like that, so I stood. Standing, I ended up getting asked to dance. A lot."
The kettle clicked off, and I poured some hot water in the cup and handed it to her. She took it from me, and stood there, staring off into space while she dunked the tea bag in the water.
"They were groping me, kissing me and feeling me up, but Kristi didn't mind. Hell, she was egging them on half of the time. I was enjoying myself, and after a while I was pretty sure your cum was all dry. The evening went on. More dancing, more flirting, more drinking, you know."
She took the tea bag out of the cup and dropped it in the sink, then blew on her tea before drinking some.
"God, it was so fucking hot. Anyway, at the end of the evening, Kristi took my hand, and I thought we were leaving. It's a lesbian club, right? But the bouncer is a guy, so he's big enough to stop anything from being a problem. Anyway, Kristi takes me over to him, and talks to him for a bit. I didn't hear it, but she opened my hoodie and pulled my top up so he could see my tits, then pushed me over to him. She told me to suck his dick and have him cum on my tits, and I was drunk enough and turned on enough to squat down and unzip him right there, by the door where anybody in the club could see me. He turned me around so my back was to the wall, and stuck his dick in my mouth. I wanted to do... you know, all the stuff... to make him enjoy it, really enjoy it, but he wasn't interested. He was fucking my face, and I put my hands on his hips to try and calm him down, but he took my hands and held them up above my head, against the wall, and just pumped away at me."
She sipped her tea, closing her eyes and breathing in the steam.
"He was choking me with his dick, and when he came, I had no choice but to swallow what I could, and coughed up some, with some coming out of my nose. It was gross. When he let go, and zipped up, Kristi called me a dumb slut, because I was supposed to have him cum on my tits. I stood up, covered my tits and wiped what I could off my face, and I was embarrassed that there were a few of the girls watching me. And Kristi was videoing me with her phone."
She took another drink of her tea.
"Kristi acted like I was disgusting, standing there with some of the bouncer's cum on my face, and your cum dried on my thighs. She led me out, and over to the car. She told me to take my top off and give it to her, so I took my hoodie off, took my top off and gave it to her, and put the hoodie back on. She put my top on the car seat, then told me to sit on top of it. I guess she was stopping her seats getting cum on them. Anyway, we drove away, and she told me she was going to get somebody to cum on my tits. I didn't like the sound of that, but I was still pretty turned on and buzzed."
More tea.
"So she drives out to a scummy part of town, and she sees this bum sitting on a wall, drinking. And it's like 'he'll do.' She pulls up next to him, and gets out. She comes around, opens the door and tells me to get out. She pulls me over to the bum, and asks him if he wants me to suck his dick. He looks at her funny, so she unzips my hoodie so he can see my tits. Jesus, everybody gets to see my tits. She points her phone at me and tells me to hold my hoodie open for him, and I do. I just stand there, holding my hoodie open and showing him my tits, and he just stands there staring at me. She grabs the end of the waistband of my skirt and pulls, the velcro gives way and I'm standing there in just the bodysuit and hoodie. He can see my pussy and everything. The bum gets all interested now, and he stands up, dropping his bottle on the floor. He stunk! He grabbed my tits, and yanked on them for a while. Then he bent over and started sucking and biting at my nipples, through my bodysuit."
Another drink of tea.
"He was hurting me, and I was starting to really sober up in the cold. I think Kristi realized, as she pulled the hoodie off me and told me to go for it. I looked around, and there was nobody about, so I got him to let go of my tits, and knelt down in front of him. I just wanted to get this over with, so I pulled his dick out. I was hoping I could just jack him off, but it seemed like it took forever just to get him hard. Kristi said to get on with it, or she'd let him fuck me, so I spat on my hands and tried to clean him up a bit, and then I just held my breath and put his dick in my mouth. For the next what seemed like forever, I did everything I could to get him off, I was jacking him, licking him and stroking his balls. After ages, I felt his balls tighten up, so I knew he was going to cum. I took his dick out of my mouth, and pointed it at my tits, just jacking him off. He came. Lots. It was like a long, thin stream of cum, not spurting like usual, and it went over my tits and dripped down onto my legs and the floor. It was gross."
She took a big mouthful of tea before carrying on.
"The bum sits down again, with his dick hanging out, and Kristi told me to rub his cum in. I'm kneeling there, on the floor, covered in cum, rubbing it in to my tits and there's so much that I'm also rubbing it in to my stomach. And she's videoing me doing it. When I was pretty much done, she told me to rub some on my face, so I do - luckily there wasn't that much left on my hands anymore. Then she throws my hoodie at me, and walks around and gets in the car. I stand up, and put my hoodie on, as I walk over to the car. The engine's running, but my door was locked, and I banged on the window, but she wouldn't let me in. She drove away, just leaving me there! I'm left standing there, with the bum, and he gets up again, holding his pants up, and starts coming over towards me. So I ran away, zipping my hoodie up. I was hoping Kristi was going to come back and get me, but she hasn't. Your place is closer, and I've been walking for hours, trying to stay out of view. What time is it, anyway?"
I looked at the clock on the microwave.
"Nearly four."
"OK, so I was walking for like forty minutes, but it felt like hours."
"Why didn't you call? I'd have come and got you."
"Kristi has my phone. Fuck, and my keys."
"That's bullshit," I said. "Why do you put up with this?"
"I think I love her," she said. "She always pushes me further and further, and I usually enjoy it. I didn't enjoy sucking off that bum, but looking back on it, it was hot though. I reckon she was watching me walking home. I doubt she'd really leave me there, where who knows what could happen to me?"
She went through to the living room, and I followed her. She put her cup down on the coffee table.
"And everything we do turns me on so fucking much. I'm so wet just telling you about it."
"Can we go to bed now? I'd like a decent fuck, and then to sleep until noon."
She dropped the towel on the sofa, heading towards the bedroom.
I followed her in, and she pulled back the covers and got in. I hung my robe on the door and went to get in beside her.
"I want to do it doggy," she said, turning over so she was on all fours. Ever the gentleman, I knelt down behind her, and she reached between her legs and grabbed my dick, putting it straight into her pussy. I pushed forward slowly - she was right, she was wet, and it didn't take long before she started cumming and cumming. She leaned forward onto her forearms for a bit, then ended up putting her face and shoulders on the bed. My hands were on her hips, and she took them in her hands and held them behind her back - she wanted me to hold her hands behind her back, so I did, while pumping away at her.
After a while, I came inside her, and we both collapsed onto the bed. She pulled me tight behind her, with my arm around her, and quickly fell asleep.
I lay awake for a while until my mind slowed down enough to get to sleep too.
In the morning, I managed to get up without waking her. I collected her two items of soiled clothing from the bathroom floor, and put them in the washing machine (cold wash - warm just makes cum all slimy again). I hung her towel in the bathroom and when the washer was done, loaded the two items into the dryer. Other than that, I carried on with my morning until she came out of the bedroom, wearing one of my T-shirts and wiping the sleep out of her eyes. She went straight into the bathroom, and I soon heard the toilet flush and the shower start up.
After a quick shower, she came back out wearing my T-shirt again, brushing her teeth.
"Morning, sleepy head," I said.
She smiled around the toothbrush.
"It's past eleven, so you nearly made it to noon."
She went and finished brushing her teeth. I went and pulled her bodysuit and my hoodie out of the dryer. I put the hoodie on a hangar so it would keep its shape.
"I guess I should go home," she said.
"OK," I said, watching her.
She collected the bodysuit and looked at it.
"You washed this?"
"Yes," I said.
"Huh, thanks."
She made a show out of stripping off my T-shirt and putting the fishnet bodysuit on. She arranged the threads so they were lined up neatly, and still looked sexy in it. She reached for the hoodie.
"Uh, that's mine," I said.
"Can I borrow it?"
"Again? Fine."
She took the clean hoodie off the hangar and put it on.
"Do you want me to run you home?" I asked her.
"Well, I'd rather not walk, dressed like this," she said, grinning.
"Fine," I said, and went and put my sneakers on.
"I think I'll carry mine," she said, having collected her stripper heels. She was holding them by the straps.
We headed out the door and down the stairs.
"Can you drop me at Kristi's?" she asked as we walked out to the van. "I don't have my keys."
"Sure," I said.
I unlocked and held open the passenger door so she could clamber in, and I could watch her flash her pussy as she did, then went around to the driver's side. Closing my door, I started the engine. She directed me to Kristi's place, and I sat and waited while she rang the doorbell. When the door opened, she handed her shoes to Kristi. I was about to drive off, but she ran out towards me, waving her arms. I wound the passenger window down, and she unzipped my hoodie as she came towards me. She took it off and threw it through the window, then blew me a kiss before running back inside in just the fishnet bodysuit. Kristi waved at me, and closed the door. I hoped they had a lot to talk about.