Dear readers, this chapter features quite a few references to people, events, and places in theLost in Erosseries. If you've read that, I hope you enjoy these callbacks. If you haven't, please consider this an invitation to read this story from the beginning. In any case, I hope you enjoy this story either way.
8. The Tribal Queen, the New Sheriff, & Storytime
"The next mission was a bit more straightforward, though there was a bit of a twist along the way," Don smiled.
"Oh?" Tascha prompted.
"It turns out there's this whole area that's set aside for people who are into less civilized things."
"I can understand that," she nodded.
"Some of these are organized into rather male dominated tribes that engage in all kinds of war games and treat their women mostly as commodities. I get the impression the women must be into that whole thing. It had a rather cave-man sound to it when it was explained to me."
"Yeah, there are women who like that whole 'throw me over your shoulder and take me to your cave' idea," Tascha said. "It's not my thing, obviously, but yeah."
"There are at least a couple of female-led tribes -- kind of like Amazons."
Tascha added, "Or like the Sisters."
"Yeah, I guess so," Don nodded. "Anyway, my next mission was to win a tribal chieftain's queen. It wasn't the queen of the tribe, but the chieftain's queen. Apparently, she didn't have any tribal authority, but as queen she was the boss of the other women of the tribe, and she couldn't be traded away."
"Traded away?"
"For, like, horses or other women," shrugged Don. "I had to win the queen of the Grey Wolves. The watcher's council teleported me to the area, which they called 'the Wilds.' I found a village on the edge of the tribal area, got some more appropriate clothing -- moccasins and a loin cloth..."
"I'd like to see that," Tascha grinned.
"Maybe later," Don laughed. "Over a couple of weeks, I was able to find out more about the tribal 'culture.' Apparently, there were just two ways I could 'win' a tribal queen: defeat the chieftain in one-on-one combat or sneak into the tribe's camp and spirit her away. I also found out that the chieftain of the Grey Wolves was a massive guy with a serious reputation as a badass warrior."
"So, stealth-time?"
"Stealth-time," Don nodded.
***
Don moved through the forest as quietly as he could. He was devoting all his attention to creeping stealthily toward the Grey Wolves' camp. For the hundredth time that night he wished he had Shelonda's skills in the woods. He was trying to bend Eros to his will, as he had done in the Manor and against the Sisters, but he was definitely out of his element here. All his time playing stealth characters in videogames hardly prepared him for actually moving quietly through a forest at night.
He hoped that the Grey Wolves had grown complacent in their long period of being the strongest tribe in the Wilds. The villagers Don had befriended had assured him that no one would be crazy enough to try to sneak into the Grey Wolves' camp. Hearing that had actually cemented his plan to try the sneaky approach.
Now, as he approached the camp, he could see the many tents and the darkly glowing pits where their fires had burned low. The chieftain, who he had been told was called Omar War Eagle, was supposed to have the biggest tent, and his queen would have the much smaller tent between his and the wooden lodge, next to which was the large tent shared by the other women of the chieftain. From the low rise outside the camp, Don thought he could make out the tent he wanted. His whole plan depended on War Eagle spending the night with one of his other women, and Don thought he could see a light glowing through the fabric of the queen's tent.
Don crept slowly through the camp, suddenly grateful that there didn't seem to be any dogs in Eros. He stopped next to the backside of what he thought must be the right tent and listened. Somewhere in the camp there were at least three couples having sex, but most of the tribe seemed to have gone to sleep. Shifting his staff over to his left hand, Don drew the sharp knife he'd procured in the village and quickly cut a long slit in the tent. In another moment, he had slipped inside.
Sure enough, there was only one person in this tent, and it was clearly a woman. Don could see a very feminine hip and the full swell of a beautiful bare breast in the reddish glow of the little fire that kept the tent warm. Don crept slowly toward the woman on her bed of furs, as he admired her sleeping form. He resisted the urge to run his hands over her legs while he decided how exactly he should manage the next part of this caper. He moved in closer to try to get a better look at the queen. Her long dark hair obscured her face, but he could tell she was beautiful.
He thought the usual thing to do in a situation like this was to clamp his hand over her mouth when he woke her, to keep her from crying out, but Don wanted to make sure he did it swiftly and gently. Hurting this woman was completely out of the question, as far as Don was concerned. It was bad enough that he was about to frighten her.
When his hand slipped over her mouth, though, her eyes opened and regarded him calmly. She made no effort to struggle or even start away.
Don suddenly realized there was something very familiar about this woman.
When Don raised a finger to his lips in what he hoped was a universal-enough sign to be quiet, she nodded as if she understood him, and Don drew his hand back.
"Hello again," she smiled. "It was Don, wasn't it?" Her accent and the way she pronounced his name, as 'Dohn,' immediately refreshed his memory.
"India?" he asked in utter surprise.
"It is good to see you again, Don," she smiled, "but what are you doing here? It is very dangerous for you here."
"I'm here to 'win' you -- to steal you away," he explained.
"Oh, that's sweet," she smiled. "But wait, how did you know where to find me?"
"I was sent by the watchers council, on a quest to earn one of those rings."
"One of these?" she laughed and held up her left hand, showing the black ring Don remembered.
"Exactly," he smiled. "I was looking for you after that one night in the Jungle Room, and here they've sent me to you."
"I am sure it was not an accident," she smiled at him. She brushed her long black hair out of her eyes.
Finding her lips irresistible, Don leaned in to give her a kiss, but she stopped him with her fingers on his mouth.
"I am the queen, Don. You cannot just do what you want with me."
"Unless I steal you away, right," Don nodded.
"Yes. There are rules," she smiled warmly.
"Ah, very good," Don rose a bit and offered her his hand. "We can slip out through the back of the tent."
"Oh, Don, that is not how we play this game," she chuckled. Then she was yelling, "Help! Help! Someone has come into my tent! Help!"
***
Tascha laughed a bit and then gaped at Don, before she said, "What the hell, Don?"
"That was pretty much my reaction, too," he chuckled. "You'd be amazed how quickly a bunch of naked guys woke up and swarmed to protect their chief's queen. They dragged me out and brought me right up to the chieftain himself, Omar War Eagle. He was huge, Tascha. Huge! He was at least a foot taller than me and built like, well, like Sven from the Maidenhead, but on steroids. He didn't look at all happy to be woken up or that I'd tried to make off with his most prized possession."
"How did you manage to get out of that?" Tascha asked.
"Well, I did the only thing I could," Don shrugged. "I challenged him to a fight for her."
***
"I have to admit, that's a bit anti-climactic," Don said to himself. Omar War Eagle lay stretched out the ground in front of him, knocked out by a single strike from Don's staff.
Rather than wait until morning, Omar had laughingly demanded the duel commence immediately. He apparently thought the skinny little intruder would be so little trouble that he could finish him off and get back to bed in short order. He called for a heavy cudgel to correspond, barely, to the twig he saw Don carrying. The rest of the tribe gathered around, and Don had a moment to notice that they bore very little resemblance to one another, as one might have expected from a more traditional tribe or clan.
When Omar moved in, a bit recklessly, and swung that big cudgel in an admittedly brutally fast arc aimed at Don's head, it felt to Don as if the large man was almost moving in slow motion. It was hardly even an effort for him to duck under the swing, extend his leg out to the side as he crouched low, slipping to Omar's momentarily unexposed right side. Springing up on Omar's flank, Don leapt into the air and brought his staff down on the big man's shaved head with a loud crack.
As Omar dropped the cudgel and fell to his knees, Don was glad to see that he hadn't caved in the man's skull.
Before Omar had finished falling forward face down in the dirt, his tribe was gaping at Don and each other in shock and confusion.
Then, Don caught India's eye and saw that she was shaking her head and trying to suppress a smile. He smiled at her, held out his hand, and said, "Milady...?"
With her by his side, Don began to make his way through the crowd of Grey Wolves, when someone thought to ask, "Shouldn't one of us challenge him?"
Don turned sharply in the direction of the questioner and said quite loudly, with an imperious gleam in his eyes, "Look, I don't want any trouble with the rest of you. I got what I came for. Maybe you all need to think about some changes around here, but do you really want to mess withmeright now?"
This seemed to be both confusing and threatening enough to distract the tribe from Don and India's exit.
Now that he wasn't trying to be sneaky, Don could make better time, just keeping his eye on the ground to avoid tripping in the darkness.
India now seemed fine with following along. Once they were well into the forest, she let herself laugh and say, "I think that was 'cheating,' Don."
He chuckled and said, "I don't see how. I'm pretty sure anybody can move that fast if they really want to, at least here in Eros."
"And your weapon?"
"Well, that is special, but I don't think that was important this time."
"Don, wait," she said, tugging on his arm.
He drew up short and turned to her. She slipped into his arms and gave him a kiss, and then said, "You did yourtarefa, but before they take you away, let us have some time alone."
"Okay," Don smiled and leaned down to kiss her again.
Then he realized he was in a very different place. There was a jungle on his right, and a moonlit beach on his left. Behind India was a good-sized bungalow, and there was a campfire burning brightly on the beach.
"Whoa!" Don breathed. "How did you do that?"
"Is one of my special powers," she winked at him. Then she was leading him out toward the water, saying over her brown shoulder, "This is my special place, my 'hideaway.' They won't bother us here."
"Is this something you can do with your ring?"
"Yes," she smiled, "and you will be able to build things like this too."
Then she dove into the water, leaving Don on the beach to kick off his moccasins and take off his loin cloth, before diving in after her.
Like Tascha would later, Don had many questions, but for the time being he devoted himself to enjoying the playful, sensual company of this wonderful, enchanting woman. From the warm water and surf, to a big blanket by the fire, to a large, surprisingly cooperative hammock, they made love until they found themselves spent -- drowsy in each other's arms as the sky began to lighten.
"I looked for you at the Jungle Room," Don said, his lips brushing the top of her head. "Jaden said you had been redecorating. Is that something you do with the ring too?"
"Mm-hm," she murmured, "the Jungle is my place."
"How is all of this possible?"
She chuckled a little, kissed his chest, and said, "I can't tell you, but you will see."
"I would like to see you again," Don admitted.
"You will be able to," she said as she caressed his belly. "And you will be able to come back here, but you should always ask, first."
"Of course!" Don smiled. "How will I ask, though?"
"Shhh, Don, let's sleep for a little while."
***
"You're into her too!" Tascha laughed. "How did I not notice that before?"
"I'm sure I have no idea what you're talking about," Don shook his head.
"How many women are you in love with, Don?"
"Jealous?"
"Ha! No! I know you love me," she grinned.
"How does Sage...I mean, Evelyn, feel about this kind of thing, though?"
"She seems to share your attitude, actually, though she is a bit more possessive. It's kind of a strange dynamic, actually. You could call my relationship with her my primary, if you want to use the polyamory lingo, I guess. Anyway, it's an exaggeration to say I'm in love with India. It's more like kind of passing infatuation. Other than being into sex, I don't even know if we have anything in common."
Tascha regarded him with a cocked eyebrow, then said, "Okay, if you say so. Now, if I ask you about those things you asked India, you're just going to say, 'I'm getting to that,' aren't you?"
"Yeah, I'm afraid so," Don nodded. "Sure enough, right after she took us back to the forest, I found myself teleported back to that crazy courtyard of the Crimson Mountain King. After the usual bathing ritual and taking the time to look around a bit for Evelyn, Nicole, and Stephanie, just in case, I was back in the office to get my next assignment."
***
"You're doing quite well so far, Don," Pamela said from the other end of the table. "Three down and four to go."
"Thank you," Don smiled. Knowing that he was almost halfway to being done definitely put him in a better mood about jumping through these hoops. "What's next?"
"Something different in a familiar setting, I think," Pamela said with a smile. "We want you to take over the role of sheriff in the Resort."
"Okay, but what about the current sheriff?"
"The position is currently vacant, I'm afraid."
"Okay, well, it seems like an easy enough job, I can take it on until someone else comes along."
"You misunderstand," Pamela said with a smile of a different sort. "You're to take over the role of sheriff in the Resort for a year."
"A year?" Don gaped down the table at the council.
"Moreover, you are not to have any sex for that year."
"Wait, what?"
"Be the sheriff for one year without having sex," Pamela repeated.
"A year, fine, but... wait, what counts as sex?"
"You're clearly familiar with the concept, Don."
"Yes, but what's the exact thing I'm supposed to be avoiding?"
With the slightest expression of exasperation, Pamela looked to the witnesses to either side, but if they gave her any feedback Don couldn't see or hear it. Finally, she looked back at him and said, "No physical contact with another person for the purposes of sexual titillation or gratification either for yourself or the other person, or persons."
"So, masturbation..."
"Yes, that's fine," she cut him off a bit impatiently, "but you should be careful not to try to test the boundaries of our rules. We will not tell you if you have failed the task until the end of a year."
"So, I probably shouldn't try touching someone with a sex toy, I take it," Don frowned. "Do I have to keep track of the time?"
"No," Pamela said. "Stay in the Resort, and we will let you know when your term of service is done."
"Okay," Don shrugged. "Any other conditions to be met?"
"No, that's it."
"Okay, I guess I'm ready, then."
Then, Don found himself standing in the sheriff's office in the Resort. He was wearing boots, jeans, a light white shirt and a denim vest with a star on it. His trusty staff was still in his hand. With a deep sigh of resignation, Don began his year as Sheriff.
***
"A year?! That's crazy," Tascha shook her head. "Plus, no sex, damn!"
Don laughed, "Oh, I agree completely."
"What does the sheriff even do, really?"
"Not an awful lot, it turns out," Don smiled. "I mostly wandered around making sure people didn't 'disturb the peace'—you know, running around playing tag when people are trying to fuck, that kind of thing. Apparently, maturity and consideration aren't required for getting into Eros. Our crashing into the pool on our flying carpet definitely counted as disturbing the peace, by the way. Sometimes people get confused and lost, and it was nice to help them out. Of course, they often wanted to 'thank me' for my troubles, but I was a rock and politely declined."
"It must have been very hard," Tascha winked and gave him a little nudge.
Laughing, Don said, "Well, I've gone longer than that without sex out here, but the XYZ certainly made things ... difficult."
"A year in the Resort... all that hot sex going on and you couldn't have any, damn!"
"Well, I could, and did, masturbate -- a lot -- but it was supposed to be a challenge, so... I did amuse myself by wearing increasingly outlandish outfits from the Wardrobery, which was fun. And there were occasional breaks in the monotony. One of the things all of us agreed to before going for these rings was to check in with the sheriff any time we passed through the Resort. So, I was in a good spot for finding out how the others were doing. And, as it turned out, it was only about a week and a half into it when Evelyn turned up."
"Oh, that's good! How was she doing?"
"She was doing well and had some stories to tell."
***
"Well, what do we have here?" said the familiar voice from the doorway.
Don jolted upright in his chair behind the desk, where he had just been dozing a bit in preparation for his mid-afternoon nap. Then, when he saw the woman framed in the entrance to his jail, Don bolted to his feet, circled his desk quickly, and wrapped her in his arms. Then they were kissing passionately, in an embrace that lasted several minutes. Only when their lips finally parted did he say, "Sage... I mean, Evelyn! It's so good to see you!"
"Right back at ya, stud!" she grinned. "Shouldn't you be in Gotham City?"
Don stepped back to show off the Batman costume he had found in the Wardrobery, then tapped the sheriff's star on his chest, and said, "It seemed appropriate to the job."
"No mask, or ... cowl, right?"
"They had one but, it was seriously uncomfortable, and nobody was getting the joke anyway," he shrugged. "Come on in and have a seat! Where have you been? How are things going?"
She laughed, "That's what you want to do first?"
"Ah, well, you see, 'want' isn't the right word here," Don frowned as he sat on the edge of his desk. He quickly outlined the details of his current task.
"Oh wow!" Evelyn said. "That really sucks. Which one of your seven is this, then?"
"Four," he said as he watched her move into the room. She was wearing a green tank top that fit her snuggly, a brown skirt, and a pair of hiking boots -- in short, the same outfit she'd been wearing when they had gone together to the Crimson Mountain weeks ago. She propped her staff against the wall before she took her seat. Don was deeply distracted by her bare legs as she crossed them.
"Ah, so we each have things to tell each other about," she smiled. "You go first."
Don related his story about Shagbottom and Lady Primrose, which Evelyn pronounced, "Extremely hot!"
While he was telling the story of his quest to 'win' India, Evelyn asked a number of questions about India, ultimately concluding, "She sounds like fun. I want to meet her!"
"We can go look for her at the Jungle Room," Don smiled, "but it's your turn."
"I don't know, lover," she smirked. "Your stories have got me a bit hot and bothered..."
"Well, I can't help you with that," Don said wryly. "We could go find you someone to play with..."
"What if I kill two birds with one stone?" she smiled as she uncrossed her legs and hiked her skirt up a bit. She ran her hands over her thighs, smiled over at the lust-filled expression on Don's face, and then began, "Well, my first assignment was right here in fact. I had to spend a week 'wearing the red' in the Temple of Venus and Aphrodite."
"Ah yes, we did that our first day here at the Resort, but just for one shift." Don laughed a bit, "You definitely weren't the captain there; that must have been a challenge for you."
"I think that was the idea," she chuckled. "Those 'watchers' do seem to know a lot about us, don't they?"
"Yeah they do," he nodded. "We had to do six hours. How long was your day?"
"Ten hours, with three breaks in there, for refreshment and rest. That left me time each night to explore the Resort a bit before sleeping." She was idly toying with her lips, pulling and stroking on them.
Don forced himself to look up at Evelyn's eyes and asked, "Where did you sleep?"
"Here and there," she shrugged. "There's no shortage of beds and comfy loungers here, and nobody messes with you when you're asleep."
"They better not!" Don grinned. "The sheriff won't stand for that kind of nonsense."
"Good man," she smiled.
"Any particular things stand out from that week?"
"Well, it took me a while to get used to just letting anyone who wanted to paw me and boss me around. By the way, women are just as bad as men about that. My butt seems to be some kind of grope magnet."
"It is particularly tempting, I must admit," Don smiled.
"'Sure you don't want to start your year over?" she winked.
With a frown, Don shook his head and said, "It doesn't work like that. They'll just tell me at the end of a year if I pass or fail."
"Boo!" she said with an exaggerated pout. "Well, after I got used to the situation it got pretty easy to just go with the flow."
"Any favorite jobs?"
"Well, one woman wanted a gangbang and they needed a fluffer."
"That's a bit surprising, to be honest, I mean here in Eros," Don mused.
"I thought so too, but there I was, giving head to like 30 guys."
"Damn! I'd like to have seen that!" Don adjusted the rising bulge in his Batman trunks.
"It was hot," she nodded as she slipped one of her fingers up between her lips. "On the other hand, having all those hard cocks to play with but no cum for me was a bit frustrating, and, after a while my jaw started to hurt."
Don frowned in sympathy.
"Oh, one day they asked me if I could dance. 'Turns out there's a little club in there.
"Yeah, the Temple's a bit more Vegas than Aphrodisias."
"You're really such a nerd, aren't you?" She laughed. "Anyway, they wanted some novitiates to dance on tables and the bar. That was fun. At first it seemed like it was just going to be a chance to enjoy some music and dance, which was a nice break, but yeah, things got a bit... heated."
****
Evelyn had her own little stage about two meters across where she danced barefoot and naked to the very sexy pulsing music. For this assignment, she and the other dancers weren't wearing their usual red tunics, but had long red ribbons tied around their wrists, biceps and waists. The table on which she was dancing glowed white under her feet, and there were red and blue spotlights above focused on her. There were four of these tables, each with a dancer, two of them men and two women. At either end of the bar was another dancer, again one man and one woman. With the lighting as it was, it was a bit hard to see people who weren't dancing or over at the fairly well-lit bar. Evelyn could make out the people right at her feet, but the other 'patrons' of the club were just indistinct shapes in the shadows.
At first, Evelyn was content to sway to the music, letting her body move along to the beat as if she were dancing just for herself. It had been a long time since she'd danced at all, and she'd forgotten how much she enjoyed it. Of course, the fact that she was naked in a spotlight, with XYZ coursing through her veins, made her very conscious that she was putting on a show, whether she was trying or not. Soon, her hands were moving over her body as she danced, gliding over her hips, cupping her breasts, caressing her neck and her face. Now and then her fingertips reached down to brush lightly over her lower lips, which were getting increasingly dewy.
She remembered that there were four or five high stools arranged around her table and looking down she saw that there were three faces smiling up at her, watching her move in the light. There were two men and a woman. One of the men looked latino and the other was black with a slightly light complexion. Both men seemed naked from Evelyn's viewpoint. The woman seemed Chinese or Vietnamese, or possibly Thai, but had curly blonde hair brushing her lovely neck, she seemed younger than the two guys by maybe a decade. She was wrapped in a white towel for some reason, but it had slipped down to expose her left breast.
Evelyn casually looked around to see how her fellow dancers were doing. Though one of the guys was still dancing much as she was, the other girl and guy had moved into much more suggestive styles. The guy was reclining on his haunches, bending back so his rather impressive erection was standing straight up as several members of his audience reached out to run their hands over his muscular thighs. The girl was on her hands and knees wiggling her ass and exposing her vulva for the people on that side of her table. Evelyn decided she should be having more fun with this situation.
Spreading her feet wide apart on the table, with her back to the two men, she slowly bent at the waist until she had placed her hands flat on the table. Her long red-brown hair cascaded around her head and brushed the tabletop. She felt a hand moving up over her right ankle and then a moment later one caressing her left. Smiling, Evelyn, took her right hand and lifted her hair from her face and had a closer look at the pretty Asian woman who was smiling back at her.
Letting the latino and black guys, she assumed, continue to caress her feet, ankles, and strong calves, as well as admire her exposed pussy, Evelyn crooked her left index finger at the woman, beckoning her closer. Letting her towel fall away, the woman leaned forward over the illuminated tabletop. Evelyn caught her face in a light grasp and gave her a lingering kiss.
Releasing the woman's face, Evelyn slowly stood and went back to her dancing for a moment, slowly turning until she was facing the latino guy, and then repeated her slow bending, including giving a kiss, which was a bit less lingering than the first one. She went through the same routine for the black guy.
She was planning to change things up but by then a third man had joined her audience. This was a guy who seemed Indian or Pakistani, and who was admiring Evelyn with quite obvious lust, over and above the admiration the others were exhibiting. Ordinarily, she would have thought 'This one's trouble,' but under the circumstances the way the new guy was looking at her just turned her on more and emboldened her further.
This time, while facing the new guy, Evelyn backed up toward the edge of the table, nearest the latino gentleman, then lowered herself to her hands and knees, and then crawled the short distance to the new guy who met her with a passionate kiss. Evelyn let herself enjoy the feeling of his tongue against hers for a long moment, but then backed up, rolling back until she was sitting closer to the Asian woman. With her hands and feet planted firmly beneath her, Evelyn lifted herself up into a table-position, her thighs spread so the woman could see her pussy clearly.
Very slowly, Evelyn lowered herself, sinking toward the woman who was watching her with a smile. Watching the woman's expressions, Evelyn slid her hand down over her taut belly until her fingers were moving over her labia. Then she found herself slowly fingering herself, pressing her palm tightly against her clit. She might have just laid back there on the table and brought herself off, but just then the pretty Asian woman crooked her finger at her, copying the gesture Evelyn had used on her just minutes ago.
With a broad smile, Evelyn crab-walked herself to the edge of the table right in front of the woman, who ran her hands along the inside of Evelyn's thighs before leaning in to kiss her very ready pussy. The woman's tongue slipped between Evelyn's lips and flickered over her clit, sending shivers all through her body. Momentarily forgetting the three men and the rest of the situation, Evelyn lay back and enjoyed what the woman's tongue and lips were doing to her. Evelyn slipped her legs around the woman's shoulders to hold her close and clasped her own tits tightly, pinching her nipples a bit.
She was content to stay there and let the lovely woman lick her to an orgasm, at least, but then she felt a warm hand on her left thigh, which was the one on the side toward the newer guy. Looking down, she saw that that man was saying something to the woman, who stopped what she was doing to Evelyn to smile and nod to him. Then, reluctantly, Evelyn relaxed her legs' grasp on the woman so she could pull away and be replaced by the gentleman with lust in his eyes.
Fortunately, he picked up right where the pretty Asian had left off, which earned him a happy smile from Evelyn. Then she watched as the latino guy helped the Asian woman climb up onto the table with Evelyn. Her pale, slender body was beautiful in the bright light as she crawled over to kiss Evelyn, who relaxed and enjoyed being pleasured by two affectionate mouths. Too quickly, though, the woman broke the kiss and moved to straddle Evelyn's face. Smiling up at the woman, Evelyn grasped her tight ass and helped her get into just the right position so Evelyn could run her tongue between her lips, tasting her sweet nectar and licking at her hard little clit.
The guy between her legs wasn't exactly the best, but he wasn't bad, and he was clearly intent on making Evelyn come. Evelyn felt her legs resting on his shoulders and her heels pressing against his back, holding him there, as she tried to concentrate on licking and sucking at the pussy and clit on her face. She felt her orgasm approaching as she saw the latino guy moving up in front of the Asian woman. Evelyn wondered a bit how many people this table could hold, but went on with what she was doing, trying to make this pretty woman come for her.
By now the man between Evelyn's legs was fucking at least two fingers in and out of her pussy rather violently as his tongue lashed at her clit, and she could see the Asian woman on her face was sucking the latino guy's cock. She thought what a nice spectacle this must be for the people watching, and then she was coming. Her body clenched and spasmed as Evelyn rode a wave of tumbling ecstasy. She stopped licking at the woman on her face's clit and just moaned into her pussy as she shook. Only when she came back down did she manage to get back to work, squeezing the woman's ass in her hands as she continued licking and sucking.
Evelyn was barely aware of the fact that the man between her legs was shifting around. Then, she felt the unmistakable sensations that came with having a cock moving between her lips and then pushing into her pussy. Evelyn wondered how the man, who she was assuming was the same guy who'd just been licking her, managed to get up high enough to fuck her, but put that concern out of her head and let herself enjoy being fucked. She felt her legs being lifted up, held in a V, as the man shoved into her with increasing force.
Soon, it was all Evelyn could do to keep the woman's clit in place enough for her to keep licking at it, as she was driven into again and again. She found herself wishing she could get a hold of something to encourage her fucker to ram into her even harder, or that he had a bigger cock. Even so, she thought she was likely to come again before she was able to make the woman on top of her come. She was wrong.
The woman had been pressing down on Evelyn's mouth and tongue more insistently, when suddenly she was shaking and rubbing herself on Evelyn's face as her juices flowed freely. Evelyn found herself bathed in sweet wetness as the woman shuddered and gasped on her face. Then she felt the man fucking her filling her pussy with his cum.
As the woman carefully moved away and Evelyn felt the cock being pulled away from her pussy, she remembered where she was and thought it was extremely hot that she had been putting on such a display for everyone in the club. She also thought that she needed more cock. Rather than just lay there sprawled out at the edge of her table and wait for someone to put his dick in her, which was sure to happen soon enough, Evelyn thought she should do something more proactive about the situation.
Wiping her face a bit with the back of her hand, Evelyn sat up and looked around. She saw that the table had actually lowered quite a bit while she'd been distracted. It was now at a level where it would be quite easy for the average man to fuck her as she was. While that was convenient, Evelyn wanted to go on with her performance. Knowing that she must look pretty wild with her mane of hair all messed up and wet, she twisted around and cast her eye to the people around her table-stage.
The lusty guy who had licked her and then, she presumed, fucked her was still there, and had a contented smile on his face. The black guy was there too, but the latino and Asian woman were gone. A new guy caught her eye. He was a young man, maybe early twenties, white, with short black hair. After crawling to the center of her table, Evelyn beckoned to this new guy and the black guy who'd been waiting so patiently. She knelt there in the middle of her brightly lit little stage as they came up to stand in front of her, presenting their cocks.
The black cock was nice and long, and very thick, while the white one was even longer, but not so thick. Before she even began to kiss and lick at these beautiful phalluses before her, Evelyn had a plan. She took her time, really trying to make a show of things, licking and sucking on both cocks. After a bit, she gestured for the black guy to lie down on his back for her. Holding on to the long white cock for support and to keep him from wandering off, Evelyn straddled the muscular black man and sank slowly down on his wonderfully fat cock.
Groaning a bit as she impaled herself, feeling herself so blissfully filled, Evelyn reached down with her free hand to stroke her clit. There on the illuminated platform, on top of a muscular man with his big thick cock in her pussy, another man standing next to her, his long cock tightly in her hand, Evelyn brought herself off in a brief but sweet orgasm.
Then she was riding slowly up and down on that thick column of hard flesh, fingers stroking her clit furiously, while her other hand twisted and stroked at the other cock, until she threw her head back and her muscles tensed all over as she came loudly for everyone to see. She really let herself go with it, squeezing herself on that cock and arching her back and crying out incoherently, gasping and shuddering.
When Evelyn was able to think again, she smiled down at the man underneath her and began to rock herself against him, working his thick cock in and out of herself again. She pulled the waiting guy over to her mouth, quickly going back to sucking hungrily at his long cock. She tried to get as much as she could of that length down her throat, but there was quite a bit left over. When she had that cock nice and slippery with her saliva, she looked up at its owner and tossed her head over her shoulder, hoping he would take the hint. He did.
In another moment, Evelyn braced herself with both hands on the black guy's firm chest as the guy behind her began to push his long prick slowly up her ass. She loved the feeling of being so completely filled -- a sensation she hadn't appreciated so well before that orgy on the Riverboat. For the first time since climbing onto her little stage, Evelyn said something. She groaned and said, "God yes! That feels so good! Fuck me boys, fuck me!"
It took a moment for them to get the right rhythm, but soon the two men were working well together, pistoning in and out of Evelyn's body as they succumbed to their carnal desire to fuck her until they came inside her. She came and came again, shuddering and crying out between them, before someone else joined their party.
An Asian guy with a long cock, but not as long as the guy who was vigorously fucking her ass, came up and offered himself to Evelyn's mouth. Without hesitating, she opened her mouth and let him slide past her lips, over her tongue and into her throat.
Evelyn was now merely hanging on, letting the three men move in and out of her. She let herself go, merely riding along as the sensations and pleasure had their way with her. Oddly enough, it was the man fucking her face who came first, pumping what seemed like a lot of cum down her throat and then splashing across her face. Before Evelyn could wipe any of the jizz off her forehead, she felt the big cock under her pumping hot cum up into her pussy, and then, before the first was finished, the guy behind her was coming deep inside her bowels, hot cum rushing up inside her.
This was all too much for Evelyn's body to resist and she came again, this time in an explosive wrack of clenching muscles, shaking limbs, and wordless crying out.
****
"I came so ... fucking ... hard," Evelyn breathed. She had worked the end of her staff up into her ass and was fucking the fingers of her left hand in and out of her pussy, as she strummed at her clit with the fingers of her right. "Fuck! I'm going to come again, Don! Come with me!"
Don had stripped out of his Batman costume and was stroking his very hard cock as he listened to her story and watched her. Although she had brought herself off earlier during the story, he had held off, but now, at her urging, he gave in.
"Yes," he nodded, arching his back, pushing his cock upward, "yes! I'm going to... oh fuck, yes!"
"Yes, baby!" she cried out. "YES!"
Across the room, in her chair, Evelyn was shaking and moaning, while Don's cock swelled and erupted spraying a flood of hot, white cum all over his belly and chest. He clenched and shuddered as the orgasm went on and on.
***
"Wait," Tascha said. "She used the end of the staff as a dildo?"
Don nodded, "It was a good size for it, and smooth, no splinters."
"Damn," she grinned. "I kind of wish I'd thought of that."
***
"Mmmm," Evelyn purred, laying in her chair, legs splayed widely, staff sticking out of her butt, fingers idly stroking her labia. "I do wish we could play."
"Believe me, me too!" Don grinned as he used his discarded costume to wipe cum off himself. "Was that the end of your story?"
"Well," she said as she slowly drew the staff out of her ass. "Hey, note that I have now taken the stick out of my ass."
Don laughed and said, "Duly noted."
"Well, the rest of that session just became an orgy, which was a lot of fun, but for me that was the best part."
"Excellent!"
"The rest of the week passed with more of the same, basically -- nothing more intense and very little of it was boring."
"What about the rest of the Resort? You said you had time off every day."
"Yeah, I think I've been into every one of the clubs," she nodded. "I didn't stay long in all of them, but I made a point to check out every one I found."
"Any favorites? Or particularly hot events?"
"I had a good time in Ladies Nite," she winked. "And I bring the hot event with me, you know."
Don laughed, "I do know!"
"Nothing really stands out as particularly noteworthy... I'm sure I'll think of more stories to tell you, but I should tell you about my next mission. Did you want to take a break and get properly cleaned up, though? I could use a drink and a bite to eat."
"Sounds good!" Don smiled, grabbing a vest to hang his sheriff's star on.
"Hey, where's that deputy girl?"
"Hell if I know," shrugged Don. "She seems to have gone with the previous sheriff."
"'Seems like you should have someone to watch over things when you're sleeping."
"Want the job?"
"Sorry, lover," she chuckled. "I can't stay that long."
"Well, that sucks."
"Don't you think it would be even more frustrating for us to spend this year here together but not getting to have sex?"
"Good point," Don agreed.
They had come to the Jungle Room, and Evelyn suggested they pop in to see if India was about. She wasn't, and neither was Jaden, but they took the opportunity to clean up in the pool before deciding to walk and talk.
"I can call this doing my rounds," Don smiled. "Now, that was your first mission, right?"
"Yes," she nodded. "The next one was very straightforward: fuck one hundred men in two days."
"Um, what? Seriously?"
Evelyn grinned at his reaction and said, "Well, not exactly. The exact phrasing was more like 'Have one hundred men come in or on you within 48 hours.'"
***
Thinking back to her own escapades in Eros, which she had considered impressive, Tascha laughed and exclaimed, "There goes my slut of the year title!"
"I don't remember that being official," Don laughed. "But, hey, you left early, and you've got Sarah."
"That's true," she smiled. "Still, I'm a bit jealous, and I was fond of that title."
"Maybe you can find a way to win it back later," Don grinned.
"Oh, you can count on it!" Tascha laughed.
***
"A hundred?!" Don gaped.
"Yep," Evelyn nodded. "I didn't think it would even be difficult. I just planned to head down to the huge-ass orgy downstairs. It would be easy to get twenty-five guys in the morning, twenty-five in the afternoon, twenty-five in the evening... Hell, I'd be done early."
"Well, yeah, when you put it that way. But I take it things didn't go quite so easily."
She laughed, "Yeah, that woman, Pamela, added something; I couldn't do it either in the Pleasure Dome or at the on-going orgy here in the Temple."
"That would make things a bit trickier," nodded Don.
"Yeah, but 'the timer' started with the first guy to come, and they picked where they would send me."
"Hmm, they could be real dicks and put you in the middle of nowhere."
"Yeah, but they didn't," she smiled. "They sent me to a place you're familiar with, the Manor."
"Oh! Fun!" Don grinned.
"I turned up outside the front door, but I could tell where I was from your description. I wanted to get my task done as quickly as possible, but I remembered our system, so I went in and found the library as quickly as possible. Thanks to what you told me about getting around in there it was pretty easy. Sure enough, Robert was there and had a lot of questions. I tried to fill him in as best as I could, and then I let him fill me in, if you follow my meaning," she winked at him.
Don grinned, "I'm sure he appreciated both things."
"I think he did," she smiled. "I rode him right there on his chair."
"Nice. That's one."
"You're going to give up on that pretty quickly," laughed Evelyn. "Once I got that first dose of cum, I was on the hunt. There was a slender young guy wandering around in the stacks just outside the Scholar's office, over to the right of those tables, remember?"
"The place, but not the guy," nodded Don.
"Yeah, smart ass. Well, I just went up to him, dropped to my knees and blew him right there."
"Two."
Evelyn rolled her eyes, "Do I have to shove you in?"
They were walking hand-in-hand by the side of the giant pool in the middle of the Resort.
When Don just laughed, Evelyn continued with, "I found two more guys there on that floor of the library. I got them together and had one fuck me from behind while I sucked the other one off, right there in the stacks."
"Nice," Don said, adding under his breath, "Four."
Ignoring him, Evelyn said, "I was able to find eleven more guys... well, eighteen, but seven of them were busy. So, I fucked six of them and sucked off the others. There were two more threesomes in there, and the last three were all at once, which was fun."
"Did you come while you were with these, fifteen guys?"
"Oh, a few times," she grinned, "but that wasn't what I was after. When I left the library, I was thinking I needed to find someplace where people were more likely to congregate, and I thought about some of the things you'd mentioned. So, I thought I'd try that steam room. I found it quickly enough, and had a dip in that big bathtub, or pool, or whatever you want to call it, then headed into the steam room.
"There were eight guys in there, not including four guys who were ganging up on this one pretty little thing in the corner. I thought she looked like she was having a good time, so I dove in. I just said, 'Any of you guys want to party?' Before I knew it, I was surrounded by cocks. I started out sitting on that first bench, moving from cock to cock, sucking each one some before moving to the next. Then I was laying back as they started taking turns fucking me. After a couple of them came in my pussy and a couple on my face and tits, the others got me down on the floor on my hands and knees. They just took me from both ends, either fucking my pussy or ass while I sucked a cock."
"Hot!" Don breathed.
"It was!" Evelyn grinned. "I noticed that one guy who'd fucked me earlier was waiting his turn to get some head, so I stopped and told them it was one orgasm to a customer, but they should go send any friends my way."
Don laughed, "How did they take that?"
"Cheerfully, actually. That guy and the others who had come already left and soon I was down to just two guys. I was jerking this guy's cock until he came on my face, and the other was about to come in my pussy, when other guys started coming into the steam room and heading in my direction. (I had completely lost track of what was going on with the girl in the corner.) As I was wiping some of the cum off my face, but before the last of my original eight buddies came, I saw six more guys standing around me. I smiled and said 'Welcome boys! I'll take you however you want, but just one orgasm each, okay?' They all smiled and nodded, stroking a wonderful variety of cocks for me.
"So, there I was, getting gangbanged in the steam room, first by the original eight, then the second wave of six, and then four more. I had changed position half a dozen times, and taken loads in my pussy, ass, and down my throat, not to mention having it splashed on my face, tits, butt... well, pretty much everywhere."
"Damn, that's fucking hot!" Don grinned. "Orgasms?"
"Too many to count, though I was really just focusing on making each man come."
"Damn," he breathed again. "And you were already a third of the way to your goal. How long was all that?"
"Since Robert? I'd guess about three or four hours. By then I was quite a mess. The steam room guys had been all in one long go, and I needed cleaning up and a break. So, I went back to the bath and devoted myself to a nice long soak and wash. Of course, while I was there, I had to take breaks when men came in to bathe."
"Of course. How many times did that happen?"
"Four, but two of those times included more than one guy. Okay, okay, the first break was just one guy, then there were two, then just one again, and then four guys came in all at once. Actually, that last one was pretty hot. I got one guy to sit up on the edge of the pool so I could give him a blow job and his friends each fucked me from behind, in the water. Mmm, now I'm thinking we should spend some more time by the pool tonight."
Don grinned, "I like that idea, though I had another spot in mind."
"Oh?"
"No, carry on," he laughed. "I think you're at forty-one."
"Fine, fine," she shook her head. "So, by then I was hungry and thirsty, so I decided to look for that lounge you mentioned. I went down to the ground floor and found it in no time. I got some fruit and a drink. I was in no hurry to get back to my hunt for cock, since I was sure I was doing well enough, timewise. So, I took a look around, just out of curiosity. There were some couples having sex, a few people actually just taking a nap, and up on the top level there was a group of people actually playing pool. There were three or four women who looked like swimsuit models, a couple of less interesting guys, and a tall, thin black guy with a nice sized dick between his legs. This guy seemed to be the ringleader of the group."
Don smiled, "That sounds very familiar."
"Yeah, that's what I thought, too," she laughed. "When he saw me watching, he asked if I would like to play. I said I didn't have time for any complicated games, but I was willing to give it a try if he'd agree to make things interesting."
Laughing, Don said, "He must have loved that."
"Yeah, he grinned and said, 'Of course. What did you have in mind?' And I said, 'Simple 8-Ball. If I win, you and these two other gentlemen cum in my pussy. He smiled and said, 'And if we win?' 'Then,' I said, 'you cum in my ass.'"
"I did tell you how well-hung he and Igor were, right?"
"Yeah, but I was feeling reckless, and I kind of underestimated things, to be honest. Not my pool skills, mind you," she laughed. "I suck at pool! I was pretty sure I would lose, but I was feeling cocky, so to speak. The Player's posse watched as we played, and I did better than I thought I would, but still, yeah, he won. I took Peter first, bent over the edge of the pool table, while the girls got Igor and the Player nice and ready, both hard and wet. Then the Asian girl..."
"Keiko."
"Right. Keiko got under me and played with my clit as Igor pushed that big cock of his into my ass. I thought I was going to pass out, and then I was coming so hard. He just started fucking me while I was coming, and he kept at it until I felt him pumping a crazy amount of cum up inside me. Then it was the Player's turn. He picked me up and laid me back on the pool table, lifting my butt up so he could fuck my ass and look into my eyes, like you did that night on the Riverboat. The girls got up on the table around me and started kissing and fondling my body while the Player slowly filled my ass and then got down to fucking me. I must have come half a dozen times during this whole thing. When he came it felt like someone had flooded my ass with cum.
"When he was done, I was lying there sprawled on the table with cum running out of my ass and a ridiculous smile on my face. I thanked the girls and then said I needed to repay them. I know I was supposed to be focusing on making men come, but they had been so sweet and helpful."
"Naturally."
"Naturally," Evelyn nodded. "So, I had them each sit on my face so I could make them come, too. While I was licking one, the other two were busy using their mouths and tongues to clean the fellows and me up. They were very thorough!
"Anyway, when I was done, they invited me to come along with them to find new games to play, but I explained that I was on a mission, and then what that mission was. At the time, I was thinking I might actually finish my hundred before bedtime. The Player thought this was a fun idea and suggested that I try the theater next door because it was movie night. After grabbing a couple more strawberries and a nice glass of water, I headed over.
"It was a bit weird to see so many people gathered to watch porn there in Eros. I mean, they live porn 24/7, right? But there they were. The place wasn't packed but there were quite a few people scattered around in there. When I came in, the scene on the screen was of a young blonde girl giving an enthusiastic blow job to two well hung gentlemen, and in the front row I could see half a dozen men sitting by themselves, idly stroking their hard ons. I could see women in the audience too, but I was focused on the gents.
"I decided to go right for the middle of the front row. There was a dark-haired guy dead center of the row stroking a long, thick cock for me. It wasn't anywhere near as big as Igor's or the Player's of course, so it looked just the right size. Giving him a smile, I knelt down between his legs and ran my hands over his thighs, then leaned in to kiss and lick his heavy balls and then his shaft. He had gotten it nice and hard already, so I didn't waste too much time before pulling it away from him so I could suck it. This was just an appetizer for me, though, and in another minute, I climbed up on his lap and sank down on his cock. I made a point of riding up and down on him as theatrically as possible. I wanted to get some attention. It helped that he was enthusiastic about helping me out, holding onto my ass and sucking at my tits.
"There was a guy sitting in the next row behind us who was now watching me grinding on my new favorite prick more than he was watching the movie. I smiled at him and gestured for him to come closer. He stood up and I saw that he had a hard cock, too."
"What a surprise!" Don chuckled.
"I know, right? So, then I was leaning over the guy I was riding to suck on this new cock behind him. If anyone minded someone standing up in front of them no one said anything. It didn't take too long before that guy in row two to hold my head and start fucking himself in and out of my mouth until he was coming. I sucked it all down and gave him a smile as he pulled away. It was then that I noticed that the guys on either side of us had moved closer, to get a better look at the action. Before I knew it, they were on either side of me, perched a bit precariously on the theater chairs so I could suck and stroke their cocks for them. They were also running their hands over my back and butt, which was seriously turning me on.
"I turned to the guy on my left and suggested he fuck my ass. He was pretty quick to get down there and push himself up into me. I really tried to concentrate on making the men come, but with that nice big cock up inside me and the cocks in my mouth and ass, I came pretty hard before any of them did. After that, I got pretty busy. The guy in my ass came, and the guy I'd been sucking took his place, but by then there were two more guys on either side of me. I took a moment to ask the guy under me how he was doing but he just grinned and said he was having a great time.
"When the guy fucking my ass came, I decided to change things up a bit. I reluctantly climbed off that sweet cock, turned around and sat back on his lap, taking him up my ass. God, that felt good right then! Then, the two guys on either side who I'd been stroking each fucked my pussy until they came. When the second of these guys pulled away, I saw that there was a semi-circle of ten guys standing there watching me all stroking themselves.
"I leaned forward and started sucking cock after cock. After a couple of them came down my throat, the next guy pushed me back and shoved himself up into my pussy. He didn't last long and was replaced by the next guy, and then the next. All in all, two of those ten guys came in my mouth and the rest came inside my pussy. I was feeling so insanely slutty, and I just wanted more.
"Then I remembered the guy whose hard, thick cock was up my ass. I asked him what he needed to come, and then I was on my hands and knees, getting my ass fucked hard and fast. I played with myself as he banged me, and I came really hard as he pumped a huge load of cum into me.
"Damn!" Don breathed again, painfully aware of how hard his cock was as it swayed in front of him while they walked.
Evelyn laughed, "Want me to stop?"
"Hell no!"
"Okay, then... Well, I decided I needed to get cleaned up again, so I left the theater and went down the hall to find that pool you mentioned. You didn't tell me there was a shower room there, though. When I found that, I took the time to get washed up and then went for a swim. Of course, that water was reinvigorating, so I went back on my hunt.
"I scored another four guys in the hot tub, and then a train of eight guys while I laid on my back on a weight machine bench. Then it was back to the showers, where I found another three donors for the cause. I was starting to feel a bit worn out by then, though, and wanted to be somewhere I could sleep comfortably before I ran out of steam completely. So, I headed upstairs to check out the bedrooms.
"Wouldn't you know it, but I found a room with a nice little nine-person orgy going on. There were five men and four women. I knew I was way over my count for the first day, so I decided I would join this party, maybe get all five of the guys to come for me, but call it quits for the night after that. Since I was the only one with any kind of specific goal in mind, it wasn't too hard to arrange things so each of the guys came for me. I made two of the girls come too, which was nice. After all the hard cocks and fucking, it was very nice to fall asleep between two lovely women with my head resting on a soft breast."
"Nice!" Don smiled. "And if my count is right, you were at eighty already."
"Don, who would be counting such things?"
"You would," he laughed. "I can tell you were keeping score, just from the fact that you can give me all these details."
"Hey, I knew you'd want the story!"
Don held up his hands, "Oh, I am definitely not complaining!"
"You better not be," she smirked back at him. "Now, where was I?"
"The second day, I think."
"Yeah, well, I woke up the next day and decided to continue my exploration, and found the garden, where I took a swim and cleaned up yet again. I grabbed some fruit and water, then got back to work. I thought about trying that maze game but thought it would take too much time. Still, it looks like fun."
"It is," Don nodded. "We should try it together sometime."
"I'd like that," she smiled and gave his hand a squeeze. "Well, I played some more in the pool... I seem to really like fucking in the water here. I got six more guys to give me their cum: four orally and two in my pussy. Then I went back into the Manor and just started looking for available cocks to pounce upon. I blew one guy right in the middle of a hallway, another took me from behind as I leaned against a wall. At one point I was on my hands and knees on a bench in the hallway with a guy behind me and a guy in front of me. When the guy in front of me came, another guy came out of nowhere and took his place. I was still sucking him when the guy behind me came and was replaced by yet another guy.
"I came across three guys wandering the halls looking for trouble and led them into the nearest bedroom where I tried to get them all to cum at the same time, but my ass is just too hot, I guess. When I left them, I was in need of yet another shower, and headed for the main bath and steam room. When I got there, there was something of a little orgy going on in the pool, and I dove right in, managing to get fucked there in the water again, but this time being held up between two really fit young men, one in my ass and one in my pussy. That was one of the better orgasms that day.
"I went from the pool into the steam room and picked three of the guys there, waving them over to me on the main floor. Once they got down to me, I dropped to my knees and proceeded to move from one to the other, sucking and stroking until they were coming all over me, hot cum splashing all over my face and tits. That was one hundred, I was sure, but I was honestly still horny, so I grabbed one of the guys and had him fuck me from behind as I leaned against a bench and played with myself till I came.
"Then, without bothering to get cleaned up, I headed for the front door. As soon as I stepped through, I found myself back in that crazy courtyard outside the Pleasure Dome."
"That's quite a successful mission, I'd say," Don said.
"Yeah," she smiled at him, and then drew him in for a kiss. "Do you mind if I take a break before I tell you about the next one?"
Don noticed that they had walked back around to the poolside. There were a few couples playing leisurely down the way, but closest to them were several single men, just relaxing on their chaise lounges. At least one of them, a tall guy who looked Arabic or Turkish to Don, though he had brown hair rather than black, was eyeing Evelyn openly with a hard cock lying on his belly.
Don smiled down at Evelyn, who was already stripping out of her clothes, tossing her top onto the closest lounger, and said, "Mind if I watch?"
"You better!" she laughed as she kicked off her boots. Then she was shimmying out of her skirt and diving into the pool.
Don saw the tall fellow was both watching Evelyn as she broke the surface, water running over her shoulders and breasts, and looking to see if Don was going to follow her. Don smiled and gestured to indicate that the man could join her if he liked. By the time Don had sat down on the end of the lounger on which Evelyn had deposited her clothes, the tall guy had slipped into the water and moved over to stand talking with her.
The man was tall enough that the tip of his erect cock was actually poking up out of the water, and Evelyn was short enough that the water came up to just under her perfect breasts. Don could tell that Evelyn had maneuvered herself so Don could see both of her and the man talking to her. She smiled up at the stranger, and then reached out to start stroking his cock. For just a brief moment she bent down to suck on the head as it bobbed there above the water. She looked up at the tall guy and said something with a smile, and then bent down again to suck him more seriously, dipping her face under the water as she did.
Don looked back to the lounges to either side of him and saw that there were now three naked men watching Evelyn and her tall new friend in the water. There were two black guys, the lighter skinned of whom seemed about a decade older than Don, but both of whom were in great shape, and an east Asian man who, going against stereotype, had the longest dick of the bunch. Don caught the eye of the older black guy, who had been sitting beyond the tall guy in the water, and tossed his head to the side, suggesting that he get in there too. With a smile, the man got up and moved to the pool. Don turned to the other side and managed to convey the same idea to the other two guys.
Back in the pool, the older black fellow had gotten into the pool and was moving over to next to the tall man. He must have picked up on Don's desire to watch, because he made sure to go to the far side of the couple. Evelyn looked up at him and smiled, then flashed Don a smile, before going back to talk to her two new friends. From the way her body was moving, Don guessed that she was now stroking both cocks, though one of them was a bit lower than the other.
Then the other two guys were moving up to join the party. Evelyn looked at them and laughed, smiling again in Don's direction. She was surrounded by eager men who were obviously making themselves busy touching her body under the water.
Don gave his aching erection a squeeze but kept things at that for now.
In the pool, Evelyn had gone back to sucking on the tall guy's half submerged cock, and the Asian fellow had moved behind her. He seemed to be reaching down to stroke her pussy, and then he was clearly pushing himself into her. Meanwhile, the other two guys continued to caress and fondle her body. Don suspected she was stroking their cocks.
Evelyn raised her head and said something that made the tall guy laugh and nod his head. The Asian pulled back and then the four guys were moving with Evelyn over to the side of the pool, not in front of Don, but off to his right just past the nearest corner. The tall guy lifted Evelyn out of the water and sat her on the edge of the pool. As she parted her legs for the darkest fellow to slip up between them and begin going down on her, Evelyn caught Don's eyes and blew him a kiss. Then, the tall guy was kneeling beside her and she turned her head to begin sucking his cock in earnest. The other two guys climbed up next to her and continued to caress and tease her body. The older black guy leaned in and started sucking on one of Evelyn's breasts.
Don watched intently as Evelyn took all of the tall guy's cock into her mouth and throat. Then she was coming, her body tensing and her legs clasping the man between them to her tightly.
When she finished shaking, she pulled herself up off the cock she'd been sucking and said something to her admirers. While the guy in the pool quickly got up out of the water, the other three helped Evelyn up and moved over to the lounger right next to Don. She gave Don a grin and a wink and told the tall guy, "Farouk, lie down on your back. Excellent."
She straddled the man's long body and lifted his cock so she could push it up into her pussy. She looked over at Don and said, "Do you like watching me suck and fuck, baby?"
"God, yes!" Don nodded. "You're amazing."
"His cock feels good up inside me," she said as she ground on Farouk, working his cock in and out of her. "I'm going to make each of these cocks come. Do you want to see that?"
"Hell yeah, I do."
"Good!" she smiled. "Bring that cock over here, Phil. Damn, that's long! Were you fucking me with this? Let me taste it."
Don's own cock ached in his lap as he watched Evelyn's mouth suck in the head of Phil's long organ and then move down it until she had at least half of it in her mouth and down her throat.
She pulled back off it and said, "Mmm, I like it! Would you like to fuck my ass with this beauty, Phil?" Before Phil could respond she lowered her mouth on him again, bobbing her head up and down on him enthusiastically. When she came back up for air, she looked up at Phil and said, "Get back there, and give me all of this beautiful cock of yours."
As Phil hurried to comply, she said, "Marcus, you gave me such a nice orgasm; you're next. Come over here."
As Phil began to push himself slowly up into Evelyn's ass, she groaned and said, "God, yes, that feels so good. Baby, I've got cock in my pussy and ass, and they're going to fuck me so hard. Aren't you, boys?"
The men all nodded enthusiastically and murmured their agreement.
"Give me all of that cock, Phil!" she said before turning her attention to the dark black cock Marcus offered her.
Don watched as Evelyn's taut muscular body rocked between Farouk and Phil. He watched her legs flexing and her hips grinding against their bodies. He watched her arms as she pushed and pulled against Farouk's shoulders. He watched as her breasts swayed beneath her, her nipples brushing against Farouk's chest. He watched as her throat swallowed occasionally, and her lips moved up and down on Marcus's hard, dark cock. He couldn't resist giving his own hard cock another squeeze. This time, he didn't let it go.
Before anyone could come, Evelyn pushed Marcus back and said, "I want to try something, guys. I don't know if it'll work but I've seen it done, so it should be possible."
In a moment, Phil had pulled out of her, and Evelyn had turned around, sinking down on Farouk again, this time with his cock in her ass.
"Okay," she breathed. "Now Phil, fuck my pussy. Damn that feels good! Okay now, pull back almost all the way out. Marcus, can you get between me and Phil now, so you can get your cock in there too?"
Don groaned a bit at the very thought of what she was attempting, though he did think Tascha had done something like this in her gangbang with the Sisterhood's men. Watching this though, in person, was so intensely arousing.
While Marcus and Phil got themselves all sorted out, Evelyn said, "Come over here, Jeremy. I don't want to leave you out."
She held onto Jeremy's hard cock for a moment as she said, "Okay, nice and easy guys, push in... oh fuck, fuck, fuck! No, don't stop, keep ... FUCK!"
She dropped her head back onto Farouk's chest as a series of spasms shook her body. Marcus was holding her legs up and Don watched her toes curl up tightly. Her fingers dug into Farouk's forearm just below where he was holding her waist. She must have been squeezing Jeremy's cock very tightly, but he didn't complain.
"Oh god," she breathed. "Okay, fuck me, guys. Give me all you got!"
Then, as Phil tried to follow Marcus's lead in moving in and out of Evelyn's tight pussy, and Farouk held on for dear life, Evelyn pulled Jeremy's cock to her mouth and sucked him in hungrily. Soon the two guys fucking her were moving in unison, and Jeremy was holding Evelyn's head in his hands, fucking himself in and out of her mouth.
Don's cock was rock hard and aching in his hand. He knew that if he moved it just a bit he would come, but he wanted to wait. He wanted Evelyn to see.
Then Evelyn was moaning and shaking again. This time it went on and on, her body clenching and shuddering between the four men, who kept fucking her as she shook, their cocks moving in and out of her body as she came and came.
Then, before Evelyn was finished coming, Jeremy groaned, and Don watched as Evelyn tried to swallow the sudden flood of cum being pumped down her throat. There was too much too quick, though, and she choked a bit. Jeremy pulled back, shooting a last gout of pearly white cum over Evelyn's cheek and neck as quite a bit of spunk also spilled out of her mouth.
She smiled up at Jeremy and said, "Thank you!"
Next, she turned to smile at Don with her cum covered face and said, "One down, baby. How do I look?"
"Like a goddess," he said earnestly.
"Damn right," she grinned. Then she turned her attention to the guys between her legs, who were still fucking steadily in and out of her. "I don't suppose one of you guys likes getting fucked in the ass, do you?"
"Sounds fun," Marcus grinned.
"I like your attitude!" Evelyn smiled. "Would you mind fucking Marcus in the ass while he fucks me, Phil?"
"No, I could do that," Phil laughed.
"Try to save your cum for me, though, Phil," she added.
Soon, Phil had drawn out of Evelyn and pushed himself up into Marcus's ass. Marcus went back to fucking in and out of Evelyn, and Phil shoved into Marcus each time Marcus drove into her, pulling back in time with his partner.
"Yes, that's it!" Evelyn called out, "Fuck me through Marcus! You guys are all going to make me come again! Don, they're going to ... oh god!"
Then she was climaxing again, and so was Marcus, shoving up into her and groaning as she grabbed at his ass and pulled him in.
Don watched as Phil drew out of Marcus, and Marcus pulled out of Evelyn.
"No, come here and let me taste that," Evelyn said before Marcus could collapse on the next lounger over, next to Jeremy.
Phil didn't wait for further instructions, but quickly moved in to push himself deep into Evelyn's messy pussy. He must have been about ready to blow when he was fucking Marcus, because it only took a few shoves into Evelyn before he groaned and pulled his long cock out to spray several big splashes of cum onto her belly and tits.
"Mmmm, nice!" she grinned. "Thank you, boys! Now Farouk, you need to come. How do you want me?"
In very short order, Evelyn was lying on her back as Farouk lifted her up so he could push his cock into her pussy. She was basically upside down, with her shoulders on the lounger and her head and long red hair over the edge. She was looking at Don as she squeezed her left breast and reached down, or, really, up, to play with her clit as Farouk fucked her hard and fast. She was talking steadily, "Baby, he's fucking me so hard! I'm all covered and full of cum... I'm going to come so hard. Your cock is hard... Won't you come for me, baby? Yes, that's it! Come closer. Come on me, baby! Oh fuck, I'm coming again! Oh god!"
Then Farouk and Evelyn were coming together, and Don joined them. He could hold back no longer, and a torrent of hot cum shot out of him to splash over Evelyn's beautiful chest and throat as she cried out with her own climax.
Don fell back on his lounger, grinning broadly at Evelyn, who was smiling and laughing in post-orgasmic bliss. He watched her, as Farouk withdrew and as she fell onto the lounger, and as she played with the cum all over her.
"I needed that," she smiled at him. "It turns me on when you watch me."
"I'm glad," Don laughed. "It really turns me on to watch you."
"Excellent," she laughed. "Okay, I need to get cleaned up."
"And then you have another story to tell."
"Yes, I do," she smiled. "Come on, let's have a swim, first."