Jaya was a very conservative lady of Indian origin residing in the US. She had moved there for work and wanted to achieve the American dream. She respected every religion and its festival, but was not very fond of any annual western cultural days like Valentine's Day, April fool's day, etc, etc. She had a strict upbringing which taught her that physical relationships were to be initiated only after marriage and that everyone was to be treated with respect.
She worked as a receptionist at a paper company in Ohio and was sharing her accommodation with another lady who worked in the same city. Jaya being Jaya, had rules and regulations in place even for Sunita, her roommate. No boys or non-veg food were allowed at home. These two were the most important rules topping her list.
Jaya and Sunita were watching a Bollywood thriller on a Sunday evening in their living room.
"I will not be at home this Wednesday evening, Sunita, as I promised Ruth I would babysit her son while she goes out on a date," Jaya said.
"Oh! Do you know who the man is?" Sunita asked.
"Why would I want to know that? Also, I try to keep out of anybody's business," said Jaya.
"Jaya, why are you so boring?" sighed Sunita.
Sunita was looking at her phone and giggling. Her face had turned pink.
"What's the matter, why are you so happy? Do you have a date for this Wednesday?" joked Jaya.
"Not funny, and it is not a date!" Sunita stood, walked past Jaya and wished her good night. She exited the room humming her favourite song.
Jaya returned home Wednesday evening after work in a bad mood. Her colleague had pulled a prank on her for April Fools' Day, but she didn't show how pissed she was at work to not spoil the mood. She was ranting on her way home to herself while driving.
"I know I shouldn't overreact but I hate April Fools' Day!" raged Jaya as she entered the house.
"Calm down, it is just a cultural event celebrated across the globe!" said Sunita wanting to make her calm. "Don't you think your parents will be making a fool out of you for the rest of your life by getting you to arrange marriage to an unknown guy who you'd know little or nothing about?" laughed Sunita.
"Shut up!!!" laughed Jaya.
After an hour, Jaya came out of her room dressed casually to leave for Ruth's place.
"I will return by 12 or maybe later depending on when Ruth returns from her date," said Jaya on her way out of the house.
"Bye see you later," said Jaya.
After a few hours...................
Ruth's date hadn't turned up, so Jaya did not need to babysit. Jaya returned home early around 7. She entered the house and found the living room to be dimly lit. As she walked into the living room, she saw candles lit on side tables and the center table was decorated with a few things. On looking closely she saw that the things on the table were handcuffs, dildos, nipple clamps, and ball gags. She shut her eyes in shock.
"Baby I am here.... Come to me. You've been fooled today. Happy April Fool's Day to you," she heard faint voices of a man coming out of Sunita's room.
Jaya rushed towards Sunita's room and banged the door open. She screamed in shock at what she had seen. An Indian man was sitting on the loveseat naked and wearing a blindfold over his eyes.
"Don't be pissed, Sunita. I had to get you out of the house to give you this surprise," said the man.
"Get out of the house!" screamed Jaya.
The man who didn't recognize the voice took off the blindfold and gasped in shock. He tried speaking but felt choked.
" I...I am... I am so sorry you must be Jaya, My name is Rahul," he said.
"Why are you naked and is my house a sex dungeon to you both?" ranted Jaya.
"Let me explain.... Sunita told me last Sunday evening over text that you wouldn't be home until night and that we both had the house to ourselves."
Jaya believed him right away because she remembered Sunita giggling over text on Sunday, and she didn't give a clear answer as to why she was so happy when asked.
"So why are you naked and alone in the house?" asked Jaya, catching a glimpse at his crotch.
"It is April Fool's Day so I used it as an opportunity to turn your house into a sex dungeon for Sunita," said Rahul.
"You fucking idiot, stop calling it a sex dungeon only because I said it before," screamed Jaya. Rahul giggled.
"Stop smiling, you ass, and tell me where Sunita is!" demanded Jaya.
"I told Sunita that we wouldn't be meeting at her place on Wednesday, but at mine. So, I had asked her to visit me in the evening and come directly into my bedroom for a surprise, " said Rahul trying to explain the prank.
"She has a spare key that she can use to enter my house. After reaching the bedroom, she will not find me but a box. In that box are a letter and a butt plug."
He sounded cheerful explaining his plan.
In that letter is the message: Happy April Fools my fool. Snuggle that butt plug into your butt and come to my sex dungeon. And I left your address in the end.
Rahul smiled.
"Stop with that irritating smile," replied Jaya. "So why my house? Wasn't your house fit to be the sex dungeon?" asked Jaya.
"You see people prank others during April Fools' Day. So, the prank wouldn't have been as effective if I hadn't hoaxed Sunita out of the house," Rahul replied politely.
"Fuck this day and Fuck April Fools' Day!" sighed Jaya.
"Wait a minute, this means Sunita must be on her way to the sex dungeon. Shit!! I mean our house," panicked Jaya.
They both heard the garage door open. It was Sunita. Jaya told Rahul to forget that they had ever met and just carry on with the plan. She used the backdoor to exit the house while Rahul sat back on the sofa, taking his position wearing the blindfold.
Jaya tried to be as discreet as she could have been while trying to make it to the front of the house. While walking past the living room window, she heard voices coming out of the house. She peeked into the house and saw something that she never could've imagined.
Rahul was on a leash and was on the ground on all fours like a dog. Sunita had a cane in her hand, which she used to hit his ass. She heard Sunita say degrading things to him. She felt a tingle in between her legs when she saw her grinding his face in between her legs. Sunita was enjoying the whole thing.
Jaya watched their act for another 10 minutes, but then couldn't control her urges. She had only masturbated once to understand the science behind it. She always believed that masturbating was an act of sin and never felt the need to do it. But right now her body was on fire. Her pussy was dripping wet, and her erect nipples were brushing against her padded bra waiting to be pinched.
She ran towards the backyard and locked herself in a small shed. She undressed and started to rub her entire body. The sensation was burning like hell. She started to rub her pussy against the steel pole that supported the centre of the shed. She loved how the cold pole was feeling on her naked vagina.
Furthermore, she fingered herself until she had orgasmed and had turned her areolas red with all the pinching. April fools day got the better of her.
The shed became her playhouse, and she decorated it with toys. She used this space to entertain herself.