It would probably help if you read the first two installments. They kind of explain how our young, naïve couple found themselves in this mess.
*****
Barbara started for the door and the big blond put her hand on her chest and firmly pushed her back a few steps.
"Ya know?" The woman started "You people really piss me off.
You come in here in your designer clothes, shaking your ass in the guys faces. Not even caring that their wives and girlfriends are sitting right there.
You probably think it's amusing to come down from your ivory tower and play with the riff-raff. Don't you?"
"I. Uh, No" Barbara stammered.
"Shut up bitch! Don't you know a rhetorical question when you hear one? Or maybe they didn't teach you that in private school.
Tell you what. You get off on showing your goodies to the boys. Well, now you have our undivided attention. Let's see 'em."
"What? What are you saying?"
"The clothes bitch! Take 'em off!"
In the men's room Kenneth had followed the instructions the waitress gave him and his left wrist was cuffed to an overhead pipe.
He thought for sure she was there to rob him and figured if he just went along with it, everything would be ok and no one would get hurt.
As expected, she had him reach around to his back pocket, remove his wallet and toss it to her.
She didn't take any money out of it though. Instead, she removed his driver's license, stuck it in her pocket and placed his wallet on the edge of the sink
Then she removed her phone from the clip on her belt. It was a smart phone and the screen had to be at least 7 inches.
She dialed a number and spoke into the phone.
"Yeah. We're almost ready in here. How's it going on your end? Cool. Gimme a second."
She took the phone and propped it up where Kenneth could see the screen
"You know what Skype is don't you?
"Yeah. It's like a phone call with video."
"Very good. Now you're going to do what I tell you or your wife is going to watch you get hurt live, via Skype.
Now, turn around and face the wall and don't do anything stupid."
In the pool room the bartender ended the phone call, opened the app and asked Barbara the same question about Skype that her sister had asked Kenneth.
She held up her phone so that Barbara could see her husband in the men's room, helpless.
He was turned with his back to the camera as the waitress approached him, reached around to his belt buckle and removed his belt.
She unzipped his pants and in one swift motion pulled his pants and underwear down to his ankles.
She told him to turn around and face her.
The pants and underwear around his ankles hobbled him so as he rotated his penis flopped around as it protruded from the front of his shirt.
"You can't do this!" Barbara cried. "It's illegal and completely crazy"
"Oh we can and we will" said the bartender "The only question is will you have clothes to wear home or will we cut them off of you and toss them in the burn barrel out back? Either way, your clothes are coming off."
"Kenneth?" She asked "Are you ok? Have they hurt you?"
"No, I'm fine Barbara. It's you I'm worried about."
"Holy shit!" Said the blonde. "I don't believe it. We actually have Ken and Barbie here. How cute!
Now Barbie, this is your last chance. You can take your clothes off or we'll hold you while one of us cut them off of you and you go home in your birthday suit."
"Barbar..." Kenneth started, until the waitress smacked him on the side of the head.
"Barbie" She instructed "From now on, you call her Barbie. Every time you screw up, I'm going to spank your ass with your own belt."
"Barba...Um Barbie, Just do as they say and hopefully we can get out of here in one piece."
With shaking hands, Barbara reached for the 4th button on her blouse. The first three were already unbuttoned.
She was resigned to the fact that she was going to be naked in a room full of strangers. Most of them men.
She tried not to think about what was sure to happen once they had her naked.
"Hold it!" Yelled the blonde. "We need some music if she's going to give us a proper striptease.
Bobby, Find us something she can dance to."
One of the men, presumably Bobby pulled out his phone and scrolled through his iTunes library.
He selected one and Led Zepplin's "Kashmir" started playing.
Stiffly she began to move her hips back and forth and reached for the collar of her shirt, sliding her hand down until she encountered the first closed button.
The blond waved her arms and got her attention. She pantomimed "Watch me, do what I do" and began to sway to the music and pretended she was unbuttoning her shirt.
Barbara watched her and followed suit. If she focused on the big blonde, she didn't have to look at the rest of the group who were leering at her, waiting to see her undress.
Kevin couldn't see the blonde on the phone screen and he was amazed at how easily Barbara seemed to take to stripping.
He was suddenly aware that his penis was erect, sticking out under the tails of his shirt.
The waitress zoomed in on his hard on and told her sister to show "Barbie" how excited her husband was watching her strip in front of her new friends.
Following her "mentor", Barbara raised her arms straight up above her head and clasped her hands together. This caused her blouse to fall open exposing her bra.
She lowered her arms and slid her top down each arm, finally dropping it to the floor.
She couldn't believe that Kenneth was aroused by her situation. Especially considering what was almost certainly guaranteed to happen before the night was over.
Would he be excited watching her get gang raped? She wondered if they'd all jump on her or take turns. "Don't think about it." She told herself. "Just get through it alive."
She turned around completely and then squared, facing her tormentors. With her heels together, the put her hands on her knees and spread them apart, giving everyone a view of her white, lace panties under her short black skirt.
Then she picked up her blouse, stood and tossed it off to the side, into an empty barstool.
Kenneth watched Barbara spread her legs and give the room a crotch shot. Not knowing that she was receiving instructions from off camera he just assumed she was really getting into it. He had no idea how terrified she was.
He wanted to touch himself or better yet, have the redheaded bombshell touch him.
Would she show his wife again? He almost didn't care.
In all their years together, he had never fantasized about being with any woman other than Barbara but right then, he just wanted relief from his aching cock.
Barbara continued to sway to the music. She moved her hands up and down her torso and thought about the men in the room touching her with theirs.
Would the women help their husbands and boyfriends violate her or worse, would she be expected to do something to the women too? She shuddered at the thought and then tried to put it out of her mind.
The blonde motioned to her that she was doing fine and to just keep going. She was on her own but pretty much had a good idea of how to proceed.
She unsnapped the clasp at the waist of her skirt, reached around the back and lowered the zipper about half way.
Holding her hands above her head again, she started to rotate her hips while slowly turning around in a tight circle.
She recalled learning to do samba rolls when they had taken Latin dance classes a few years ago. They were usually done with a partner but she knew how sexy they looked when done properly.
Gravity and the motion of her hips combined to drop her skirt to the floor.
She stepped out of it, now wearing nothing but matching bra and panties plus her 5 inch stilettos.
Turning her back to the group, she bent at the waist, picked up her skirt and tossed it to the barstool with her top.
Just in time for the song to come to an end.
The waitress approached Kenneth, stopped just in front of him and dropped to her knees.
He thought for sure she was going to relieve the pressure building in his balls but it was not to be.
Holding the knife inches from his groin, she looked at him and warned "Behave yourself now. She's almost done and we don't want anyone getting hurt. Do we?"
"Uh no. We definitely don't want anyone getting hurt."
"Good, now let's get rid of these shoes so we can get your pants off. You look kind of ridiculous standing there with a hard on while your pants are down around your ankles.
Keep watching Barbie. Don't think about my mouth being inches from your dick"
Which of course meant that he couldn't stop thinking about it. He was pretty sure his dick had never been harder.
Barbara looked around the room. Hoping that maybe this was enough and they really wouldn't make her go through with taking everything off.
If they ended it here, it meant they probably weren't going to force themselves on her and the only thing damaged would be her dignity.
The bartender walked up and showed her the phone.
Kenneth was still standing but the other red headed woman was kneeling in front of him.
He was staring at the ceiling but it was obvious to her what the woman was doing.
He got all excited by watching her strip in front of all these people and now he was getting a blowjob from a gorgeous redhead.
"Fuck him!" She thought. She surprised herself. She couldn't remember ever saying that word in anger before. It was something they used during "dirty" talk.
She looked at the bartender and asked if she could have a shot of something before she continued. "Some liquid courage would be good right about now'."
"Sure. I'll make it a double" the bartender replied. "I'll be right back."
While the bartender went to get her drink, the blonde had a couple of the guys grab a paint tarp out of the supply room and cover one of the pool tables with it.
"You're going to finish your show up there. I know the boys like you in those heels so that's why we put down the tarp.
"Can I ask you your name?" Barbara meekly asked.
"Julie" the blonde said "but my friends call me Jules. Do you want to be my friend Barbie?"
"I'd like that" Barbara said even though she was hoping to never see "Jules" or anyone else from this Hellhole ever again. "Do I really have to do this?"
"Yeah. I'm afraid so. See, you came into our place where we were minding our own business. You wanted to tease and taunt the men and that's disrespectful to the women.
We can't let that stand. You're doing good though. It will be over soon and you and Ken doll will be on your way.
Well, Savannah's back with your drink. It's time to get back to it."
The bartender (obviously Savannah) handed her a class with amber liquid in it. She sniffed it and recognized the smell of Tequila.
"I made it a double. Thought you could use it." Savannah said with a smile. "We don't carry the good stuff so you might want to slam it."
Barbara walked over to the pool table and climbed up on it. She completely forgot that she had been parading around the room in her underwear the whole time she was waiting for her drink.
She looked around the room, pointed at the man she knew as Bobby, said "Hit it" and threw back the entire double shot of tequila. She almost gagged as the taste of raw liquor hit her throat.
She had only had tequila in margaritas and tequila sunrises but straight up, this tasted like turpentine and burned her throat as it went down.
She coughed and her eyes watered but almost immediately the warmth spread out from her stomach.
Bobby hit play on Foghat's "Slow Ride".
Barbara wasn't familiar with it so she stood swaying her hips until she got a feel for the beat.
She started to dance.
Years of being a cheerleader and ballroom dance classes gave her a pretty good edge when it came to dancing sexy. Of course, doing it in her underwear on top of a pool table, in front of a bunch of strangers who expected her to remove said underwear was something new to her.
She tried to block out everything else, close her eyes and imagine she was doing this for Kenneth but then she remembered that she was mad at him.
The Hell with it. She was going to give it her best. Maybe if she got them worked up enough, the coming gang rape wouldn't last as long.
Reaching behind her back, she unhooked her bra. She let it hang and danced a little bit more before sliding the straps down her arms.
She held the cups in place and did a few more moves then turning her back to the room, she added her bra to the growing pile of clothes on the barstool.
Holding her hands over her small breasts, she once again turned and faced the crowd.
Moving mostly her hips, she quickly moved one hand away and then put it back. Then she did the other.
She cupped her breasts and slid her hands out until she was pinching each nipple between her thumb and middle finger.
She had very small breasts but Kenneth always told her she had great nipples. She tugged on them until they swelled and hardened into little points and then put her hands behind her head, lacing her fingers together.
She tried to do a shimmy but her breasts were really too small to get any movement out of them. Still, the men watching showed their appreciation for the effort.
Next she ran her hands up and down her side, hooking her thumbs into the waistband of her panties and tugging them down a little before pulling them back up again.
She knew that her panties would have to come off soon but she was in no hurry to be completely naked.
Strutting around on top of the pool table killed some time but she realized that the song would be ending soon and she had to get this over with.
Making figure eights with her hips, she once again hooked her thumbs into the waistband, she slowly lowered them down past her knees and let gravity do the rest.
Once they were down around her ankles she stepped out with one foot and then kicked with the other and sent her panties flying.
Remembering one of her poses from Yoga class, she turned her back to the room, put her feet together, bent at the waist and touched her forehead to her shins.
She knew she was fully exposed and suddenly realized that it didn't bother her as much to be completely naked as it did to be prancing around in her underwear.
With the song winding down, she laid on her back with her feet straight up in the air. She spread her legs as far as they would go then brought them together again, put her feet on the table and thrust her hips up and down provocatively.
Right at the end of the song, she rolled over on her stomach and rolled her hips up and down as if she was humping the pool table.
Finally, the song ended and she suddenly remembered her fears of what was to come next.