The walk back to Meaghan's room was as uneventful as the walk from it. I thought about standing in the hallway for a while to see if anyone would walk past, but I was beginning to get cold, so I entered her room. I grabbed a towel, quickly rubbed down my body, then curled up on her bed with the information packet.
Playing a Nymph:
A PC must get special dispensation from the GM to play a nymph as they can be difficult for interaction with other characters. Nymphs are intangible unless they wish to be touched. They are affected by abilities and skills that have the "intangible" keyword.
Nymphs are products of the natural world, and, as such, disdain unnatural creatures and creations. Most will shy away from unnatural things, but some will do their best to destroy them. While nymphs do not have spells that will cause direct damage, they can influence the minds of other species with ease.
Spells and abilities:
Nymphs have the following spells and abilities:
Intangible (at will) - Nymphs can only be affected by objects and abilities with the "intangible" keyword unless they choose otherwise.
Illusion (area effect) - Nymphs can manipulate an area to appear as they wish. This affects all of the senses of anyone entering the area. Anyone outside the area looking in will not sense the illusion, but will see the people inside acting as if the illusion was real. The size of the area is based on the level of the character.
Lvl 1: 10' radius
Lvl 2: 25' radius
Lvl 3: 50' radius
Lvl 4: 100' radius
Affect Mind (target) - Nymphs can implant thoughts and ideas into the minds of others. The target has a chance to resist based on how much the idea goes against their natural instinct. This only affects creatures that have minds. GM has final say if this spell works or not.
I looked up as the door opened. Meaghan was carrying a tray with two big bowls, a couple of glasses, and two rolls. I quickly got up and held the door for her, and she put the tray down on the table. She sat down in one of the seats, and I joined her on the other side. The beef stew smelled delicious, and I started eating.
After a couple of minutes, I looked up, and noticed that Meaghan was only playing with her food. I stopped with my spoon halfway to my mouth. "Penny for your thoughts?"
"You didn't tell me you had a boyfriend."
Gregg. I hadn't even thought about him since I had agreed to this character. He hadn't even seen me when...
"I don't have a boyfriend anymore."
"That's not what the fight upstairs said."
"Fight?"
Meaghan went on to tell me about what I had missed in the inn. Gregg had walked in, looking concerned, and asked if anyone had seen me. Jon, being the asshole he is, announced, "Yeah, we saw Rachel. Amazing tits man."
This got Gregg riled up, and a fist fight ensued. Smitty had to call everyone down and then explained that I was creating a new character and that it would be revealed later this evening. A couple of people in the know had laughed at his choice of words, but it calmed everyone down enough to eat lunch.
Meaghan had stopped to talk to Gregg to find out more about what had just happened, and he told her that we were together. As far as he knew, we still were, and so Meaghan had come downstairs, upset about messing around with me.
I told her what I had seen in the woods, and she relaxed. As she started eating, I felt myself tense up though. What was I going to say to Gregg? Heck, where was I going to sleep tonight? We had packed one duffel bag for both of us.
"Meaghan," I finally got up the nerve to ask, "do you mind if I sleep here tonight? I don't really want to sleep in the cabin with Gregg."
She smiled, "I'd love for you to sleep here. I do have a couple of roommates for the week, and I'll let them know, but it shouldn't be an issue." She nodded to the second bunk that had a sleeping bag on it.
We went back to eating, and Meaghan cleared away the dishes back up to the kitchen when we finished. She returned about fifteen minutes later with two other people in tow.
"This is Jason and Samantha," Meaghan pointed to them in turn. "Jason, Samantha, this is Rachel. She's going to be staying with us this week."
I smiled and shyly waved at them. Samantha nudged Jason sharply in the ribs when she noticed that his eyes seemed to have wandered down my body.
"What?" Jason feigned innocence. "I was admiring the work that Meaghan had done."
"Well, that's the other reason I brought you two down here. I need your help. There's going to be a lot of gems I'm going to be putting on her, and if the glue on all of them doesn't set in time, they'll fall off before she gets to show them off.
"So we need to get them on her quickly and I figured an extra four hands would get the job done faster."
As she was talking, she had been pushing bags to the side of the room, and now she had me lay down on the ground. As she went back to the table, I rested on my elbows to see what was happening. The three of them were looking at something on the table, and glancing over at me. I couldn't quite make out what they were saying, but they seemed to come to a conclusion quickly.
While Jason moved the table to the side, Samantha and Meaghan moved to where I was resting.
"We think it would be best to do your back first. There aren't going to be as many jewels on your back, and it will probably be easier to put them back on if they come off while we're doing your front."
It made sense, so I rolled over and rested my head on my hands.
"Actually, it'll be easier if your arms and legs are spread a little so we can get an even coat of lotion on them."
Samantha brought over a pillow for me to rest my head on, and I moved my arms and legs into the positions that Meaghan suggested. It wasn't truly uncomfortable, although I didn't know if my neck would get stiff after a while. As I was making final adjustments, Meaghan continued to explain the plan.
"We're going to put a lotion on you. It will help the glue from the stones to stick, and it will moisturize your skin at the same time. I'm going to take care of your lower back. I'm adding bronzer to that batch to try to get rid of your tan lines. Jason's going to cover your upper half, and Samantha is going to take care of your legs."
I nodded slightly, and let them get to work. They worked efficiently, but they also spent time massaging the lotion in, and I let out a series of moans as they caressed my skin. The first touch I felt was Samantha rubbing and kneading my right foot while Jason mirrored her on my left hand. They both moved up, Jason quickly to my shoulder, Samantha more thoroughly working out stiffness in my calf. Then, as if on cue, they switched sides, Samantha working back down my left calf while Jason covered my right arm.
I confirmed the intentional synchronization when they rotated together with Samantha kneeling between my legs and Jason just above my head. I was already feeling relaxed when I felt Meaghan run her finger down my lower spine. Slowly, she spread the lotion out and over my rear. The sensation was amazing as I felt her squeezing and pulling on my glutes. I was getting turned on by the softness of her lingering touch, and the fact that there were two other people watching made it even more arousing. My moans of satisfaction turned to moans of desire.
As if to make sure I knew they were still there, Samantha took that moment to begin rubbing lotion into my upper legs just above the knee. She pressed hard, balancing her weight on her hands to dig in deeper. Slowly, she moved forward, her knees encouraging my legs to spread more as she moved closer to the top.
Meanwhile, Jason had begun massaging my shoulders. He didn't seem to be quite as talented at massage as Samantha, but he was able to unknot my shoulder blades as he moved down my back.
As all three people converged on my ass, my moans became louder, and I started rubbing my crotch against the ground, wanting to feel some friction on my most sensitive spots. Meaghan separated my cheeks, and ran her finger down my crease. I started whimpering as her finger slid inside. She had barely started when I felt my body tense up, then relax in the afterglow.
"Definitely glad we didn't do the front first. She would have ground those gems into sand."
I blushed as the two girls laughed at Jason's comment. They quickly got back to work, placing stones on my back, arms and legs as diagrammed by Meaghan. Meaghan placed one last jewel on the small of my back, then stood up.
"Okay, you need to stay still for about half an hour to let those set. Think you can do that?"
I mumbled something in my post-orgasmic haze, and they laughed. There was a little more talking, but I couldn't focus and the next thing I remember, Meaghan was shaking my shoulders slightly.
"Honey, you okay? It's been about forty-five minutes. Do you think you can roll over?"
Groggily, I moved my head. I rolled over slightly, and I felt several sets of hands help guide me onto a soft blanket. The pillow was moved back under my head, and I managed to open my eyes. Meaghan was smiling down at me and Jason and Samantha both looked amused. "Ready for round two?"
I groaned, knowing what they were thinking. If that was my reaction to them working on my back, what was I going to do when they were touching more sensitive areas. Well, it seemed silly to back out now after all they had witnessed, so I just closed my eyes, nodded my head, and braced myself for the onslaught.
Jason cleared his throat as the other two got back into position. "Are you sure I should be doing this part?" I opened my eyes again. Jason was standing over me looking nervous. I followed his eyes and saw what he was thinking. He was supposed to be massaging lotion into my shoulders - and chest.
"Oh for god's sake," Samantha cried out, "you've touched breasts before. I know you have."
"Yeah, but..."
"You'd have more trouble focusing down here getting closer and closer to her pussy."
That seemed to sink in, and he knelt by my head. "Are you sure you don't mind?" He asked.
I smiled, grabbed his hands and placed them firmly on my breasts. With that settled, they all returned to their work, and I tried to stay calm.
I tried to think about innocuous things, but six hands crawling all over my body, along with my recent orgasm and Samantha's comment about getting closer to my pussy made it impossible. As my body sent endorphins coursing through my body, I started thinking about Macbeth again.
My classmates had all been either too polite or too in shock to do anything other than watch me perform my scene, and nothing more had actually happened that night. But in my fantasies that night and often since then, as I had walked around talking about blood on my hands, the hands of my classmates had explored my body. Some clumsily, some with skill, but all with eager abandon.
Now I was experiencing it. Jason was making sure I was covered all over, but he did seem to come back continuously to my breasts, brushing his fingers against my hard nipples. Samantha was spending a lot of time on my inner thighs, and I had to wonder where her own focus was. My guess was on Meaghan who was in the process of rubbing the tinted lotion over my folds. I would have thought she was being completely professional except that her middle finger kept managing to find its way inside to circle my clit.
I was on the verge of cumming when all three of them pulled away their hands. I gasped, and then growled at the sudden lack of contact.
"Poor sweetie," Meaghan pouted as she placed a kiss on my forehead, "you're going to have to wait a little bit longer. I want to get these gems in place so they have as much time to set as possible."
I knew she was right, but it didn't make it easier. They worked quickly on the stones, and I started to calm down a little, but each time their fingers brushed my skin, it brought me right back to the edge.
There were more stones on the front than on the back, and I started coughing at the fumes from the glue. Meaghan noticed quickly and opened the door to let fresh air in. The coughing subsided quickly, and I went back to experiencing the torment of touch.
Finally, they finished their work. They stood at my feet and gazed at my exposed body.
"Not bad, if I do say so myself." Meaghan nodded. "Of course, it helps when you have such a gorgeous canvas."
Samantha and Jason murmured their assent. They looked at each other briefly, nodded, went over to their bunk, then left the room.
"What are they up to?" I asked Meaghan, still standing admiringly at my feet.
"I think they wanted to go take a shower." Meaghan got on her hands and knees and crawled slowly between my legs. "I have a feeling you aren't the only one who's horny right now."
She planted kisses on my inner thighs, alternating and moving closer and closer to my arousal. I started bucking my hips wildly, and she pressed down on my pelvis. "Be careful of the stones," she admonished, then slid her hand down and pressed two fingers deep inside of me.
I groaned, my head waving from side to side as I forced myself not to move my body. She brought her mouth down to my button and gently placed it between her teeth. Flicking the tip with her tongue, she pulled back, sucking my clit into her mouth. I tried to raise my hips again, but she pushed me down with the two fingers buried inside as she continued to drive me closer to the edge.
She slipped her other hand underneath me, and pressed a single finger against my back hole. She inserted the tip, just enough to let me know she could do more if she wanted, enough that I knew she was in control of my body.
The sensations overwhelmed me and I felt myself cumming around her fingers. She lowered her mouth and lapped up my taste. Wave after wave of pleasure coursed through my body, until finally I laid back and closed my eyes.
"Uh uh," Meaghan stood up. I opened my eyes and she was smirking at me again. "You now owe me three orgasms. I'm collecting one now."
She walked around until she was standing over my head. She lifted her long red skirt, and for the first time, I realized she wasn't wearing any underwear. She lowered herself onto my mouth and let the skirt fall around me. She braced herself forward on her hands, and began to rock her pussy back and forth against my mouth.
I quickly got the hint and slid my tongue between her thighs. With her skirt draped around me as it was, her scent was almost overpowering. I loved the fact that I was the reason for her arousal, and I let her know that with my enthusiasm. Given only my tongue to provide as much pleasure as she had with both arms free, I vigorously lapped at her crease, trying to please as much of her as I could.
Her movement changed. She pushed back a little more, resting her weight on her legs instead of her arms, and began rotating her hips in small circles around my mouth and nose. She began to make little whimpering noises, then louder and louder.
She squeezed my head between her thighs, holding me in place and riding me like a toy. I flicked my tongue in and out while Meaghan bounced up and down. I knew my own pleasure was building again, but I could do nothing about it. Her moans became shouts and then screams as she came on my face, then slowly she collapsed to the side.
I caught my breath, my head still under her skirt. I was about to ask her if she was alright, when I heard the sound of clapping. It started slowly, then built with its own energy until it sounded like a stadium. Meaghan moved her skirt away from my eyes, and I saw Jason and Samantha, wrapped only in towels, providing enthusiastic feedback. I was about to relax again, when I realized that wasn't the only sound I had been hearing. Looking a little further to the right, I saw that the door that had been opened to let the glue smell out had never been shut again.
I realized that my legs had been spread wide apart facing directly at the door this whole time. A small group of people were standing in the doorway, grinning and applauding. I looked at Meaghan who was also smiling. I realized that she had been able to see the doorway while I was pleasing her. She had known that they were there, and exactly what they could see. She had been completely covered while I was on display.
Whether it was from my orgasm or the shock, I could hardly move, so I didn't even bother trying to cover myself. I just looked from one face to another, my body completely exposed, thinking about what they had just witnessed, and getting wetter and wetter.