I loved waking up at this hotel. And granted, opening my eyes next to Samantha was an added bonus. Her waking up reminded me of a cat, with the way she stretched herself sensuously.
"Good morning, beautiful!" I said.
She smiled and turned my way. "Good morning to you, too!"
"Any hangups about yesterday?" I asked.
She immediately blushed. "Ah, well, ... I can't believe that I did all that. It was mean to suggest I take my bra off. I wasn't thinking clearly at that point. And at the pool, ... oh my god! I can't show my face to anyone."
I leaned in to give her a quick kiss. "I don't think you did anything wrong. As strange as you may think it is, it was clearly working. Besides, where is the confident Samantha I met yesterday at the conference? She was killing it, and she knew it!"
She looked thoughtful.
"I have an idea. Would you like to go for a quick morning swim?" I asked.
She smiled instantly. She really did seem to like the water. "Yes, it was lovely!"
She jumped up and used the toilet. It never got old watching her use it. She blushed when I watched, but didn't tell me not to. I said I didn't feel like swimming so early in the morning, so she could just go herself. She put on slippers and grabbed a robe.
"You don't need it," I said. "We didn't have robes last night. You don't need it now. Just go like that."
"You are just trying to get people to see me naked," she accused me.
"Hah hah, that too! But I am also trying to get you to be more comfortable with your own skin. You look gorgeous. You have nothing to be ashamed of. Think about how nice it is to swim without swimwear!"
She sighed, but she looked longingly at the pool. It was deserted. "OK, I'll go."
"Have fun," I wished her and patted her bum. She wiggled it on her way out. Not 10 seconds after the door closed, there was a frantic knock.
"Open the door, someone is coming," Samantha said in forced whisper.
"Have a nice swim Samantha! I will be watching you!"
I was prepared to open the door if she knocked again, but there was silence.
—
I spotted Samantha at the pool. She did a few laps, and after a while knocked on the door again, and I let her in. She grabbed me in a tight embrace, and kissed me.
"Not angry at me?" I asked.
"I should be, you locked me out! I was panicking first, trying to cover everything with my hands, and then I realized how stupid I looked. So I did the only thing I could, and pretended nothing was out of the ordinary."
"Did anyone see you?"
"Yeah, and old couple was going to breakfast and I had to walk right in front of them. They just wished me good morning, although I could see he was checking me out. Then I stumbled into some cleaners, and on the way back the naked girl from the pool saw me. She actually apologized for our clothes. And now I am horny again. Was this your plan?"
"You caught me," I grinned. "But seriously, you seem braver and more sociable when you are a little turned on, so I don't think it is a bad thing." I pointed at the bag on the bed. "They brought your new clothes, so you have more of a selection for today. What are you planning on wearing?"
"I want to wear the new green wrap shirt. And I think the only skirt I have that goes with it is a short pleated number that has a mix of green, brown and grey in it. I had planned to use it when going out after work, but given how the other women are dressing up it doesn't seem too out of place to me at the conference either."
"Are you going to leave out all of your underwear as well? And take the 'accessories' from yesterday?" I asked while showing the air quotes around the word accessories. "You were really killing it with that setup."
Her face immediately got a rosy hue. "I guess I should. I don't understand how being turned on changes me. I would have never believed it if not for yesterday. But I don't want to go totally overboard either. That could be a career killing move."
"Will you let me watch you put on your ben wa balls and butt plug?" I asked hopefully.
If her face had previously had a slight tint to it, she now flushed bright red. "You are pushing it, mister!"
"Wouldn't you like me to see?" I asked.
She didn't say anything, but her color spread to her chest. Then she opened the nightstand drawer and fished out some lube, and walked naked to the bathroom to pick up her toys. She lubricated the ben wa balls first, and got on the bed on her knees. She spread her legs wide and then bent down to push the toy inside her vagina. Next she turned around so that her bum was facing my way, lubricated the butt plug, and got on all fours. She was feeling around until she found her hole, and then slowly pushed it in. "Happy now?" she asked breathlessly, without turning around.
I was spellbound. She was waving her butt around slowly, feeling how the toys settled in. "You're incredible," I admitted.
She turned her head to look at me and grinned, "Thank you! But you better get your head out of my ass and concentrate on some sales, buddy!"
—
The conference was in full swing, and we had interested people coming up almost non-stop. Samantha was much more comfortable with herself, and had settled in her role quite well. The new shirt was made of thicker material, and her nipples were not making as pronounced statements as the previous day. But her skirt was another thing entirely. It had entered the competition for the shortest skirt in the conference, and won. Curiously Samantha didn't seem to have nearly as much concerns about her skirts than her blouses. Perhaps she was used to wearing them short. Her legs certainly allowed her to pull off any length she liked.
"These shoes are killing me," she complained, "let me take them off for a minute."
She was wearing brown shoes with more sensible heels compared to the black stilettos. Apparently heel didn't determine how they fit. She sit down, pulled the shoes off and wiggled her toes. God, is there any part of her that isn't cute?
"Aah, much better!"
I turned back to answer more questions from passersby. Just a couple of minutes later I took note of man choking on his coffee, and his coworker slapping him on his back. I turned to look at him, but was curious why he was looking at me. No, not at me. I turned around and noticed Samantha, who had pulled another chair in front of her, and put her feet up. With any of her other skirts it might have worked, but even at the angle I was at, I could just see the end of her butt plug below the hem of her skirt. Anybody standing further away would see everything.
"Comfortable?" I smirked at her.
She looked at me questioningly, then at where I was staring. Her eyes widened, and she took a quick look around, and locked eyes with the man who had choked on his coffee.
"Oh no!"
She jumped up, pulled her skirt down, and put her feet back in her shoes. She blushed, but quickly whispered to me to keep an eye out for the 'coffee guy'. I nodded, but the man never came around. He might have made a trip to a bathroom to thank his lucky stars.
—
As soon as we walked backed into our hotel, Rachel was winking us to come over.
"Big opportunity for you Samantha!" She was excited. "Takeshi came by earlier. He said they have finished the installations in the second wing early, and they want to celebrate. Actually let me back up a little and explain. This is a franchise hotel. The headquarters is in Japan, where they have five hotels and one resort. This is the first hotel outside of Japan. All the electronics and the custom furnishing in your room and gym come from the parent Japanese company. Takeshi and his crew have been doing all of the installation here. It also means we can start accepting customers early for the new wing, as soon as we clean it up and put in the furniture and bedding."
"That sounds interesting, but what does it have to do with me?" Samantha asked.
"When he explained what kind of celebration they wanted, I volunteered. But he declined. He said they want you. You apparently made a big impression on them, Samantha-san." Rachel winked.
"So what do they have in mind for a party?"
"They want to have a dinner with you. We can give you $700 discount, and $300 additional for streaming," Rachel said.
"Whoa! Rachel, with that kind of discount I have a bad feeling about this. Please stop stalling and tell me what it is," Samantha asked nervously.
Rachel's smile faltered momentarily, and she sighed. "OK. But please have an open mind. This would mean a lot to the hotel, and I am sure you would enjoy it a lot. I know I would have." She sighed again. "So here's the deal. They really want to have dinner with you. But the kick is that you will be the 'plate' from which food is served. Naked. You will be tied up. They will eat, and they will feed you. Then they will pleasure you - Takeshi's words - and then they will fuck you. All six of them. He made it clear they want to fuck every hole. They want to finish with bukkake. And they want to stream it, to show to their friends in Japan."
Samantha was staring at Rachel with her eyes wide open, unable to speak.
"The dinner won't start until three hours later, but we need your answer in about an hour. We will have the hotel guard in the room at all times, so you will be safe. I have full instructions here," she said while handing me an envelope.
"I, ... I..." Samantha tried to start.
"Rachel, we'll let you know, but I think Sam needs to lie down for a bit," I said. I grabbed Samantha's waist, and walked with her to the elevator.
—
As soon as I got Samantha in the room, she bolted to the bathroom saying she was going to be sick. She dry heaved a few time, and then stood staring at her reflection in the mirror a for couple of minutes. Then she walked back in to the room, and sat down on the bed with a sad and hopeless expression.
"I can't do this," she said. "I thought after the enema that nothing would faze me, but now I realize I was naive. I have had sex with six people total in my life. And now they want me to have a gang bang with six at the same time. I've never had anal sex, and no, toys down count. I've never been tied. I've never had sex with a person I didn't know. It is just too much. I am sorry. Let's just call Meredith and get it over with."
"I am sorry they put you in this situation Sam. Come here and cuddle with me."
She kicked he shoes off, and crawled to half sit, half lie down on me, with her head resting on my shoulder. I stroked her hair. Seeing her miserable was twisting something inside me as well.
"It is unfair to put all this burden on you. I would take your place if I could. But let's not give up yet; we've made it so far. By my calculations Rachel has now offered us discounts up to $3900, which would be enough to get us under $500 per day without getting any discounts for the last night. And she said we could both be participating in the other activities. Do you think it would be easier if we could participate together?"
Samantha nodded.
"So it seems that if we could somehow get through today, we might actually have smooth sailing till the end. We are at the half way point, and there is a good chance this is the worst of it. And before you say that is naive, mathematics says you can have higher confidence after seeing half of the events compared to seeing just the first."
Samantha actually smiled. "Don't go nerd on me."
"Hey, it worked: you smiled!"
"OK, maybe a little. But it still won't change the fact that the dinner won't happen," Sam countered.
"Did you notice that Rachel said she volunteered, but they turned her down. Have you thought why she would do that?"
"Because she's a slut?"
"Don't be disrespectful. Or sexist. Would you think the same if the genders were reversed?"
Rachel thought for a moment. "If it was a guy with six girls the society would think he is a stud." She smiled again. "Sorry, Rachel. I think you are a stud too!"
I laughed. "So, if it is not inherently bad for a guy, it is not inherently bad for a girl. Let me ask you this: do you like sex?"
She snorted. "Of course! Everyone likes sex."
"Good! Now bringing in mathematics, one times sex equals good, so it follows that six times sex equals,... err, I don't know... really good?"
She was now laughing too. "You are hopeless! It doesn't work like that."
"How do you know? Have you ever tried gang bang?" I asked.
"No, stop twisting my words!" Samantha was whining.
"Ok, but on a more serious but related note, have you ever fantasized about sex with multiple partners?"
"Yeah, but doesn't everyone? It doesn't mean that they would do so in real life."
"I bet a lot of the time people don't do their fantasies because they can complicate relationships. How do you do a threesome if your boyfriend doesn't want you to. Or anal if your partner doesn't want to. Or if they try to involve strangers it gets dangerous and they might catch diseases. But what if you didn't need to worry about any of those things, like here?"
Samantha was quiet for a long time. "It feels weird even thinking about doing it."
"Can you say what worries you?" I prodded.
"I've been so damn horny since we came into this hotel that I don't know if I am even thinking straight. What if I decide to do something, and then later can't live with myself?"
I chuckled. "I know what you mean. I kind of feel like a teenager again, with raging hormones and all. But we survived our teenage years, and have much more experience now. And I don't think we should let our lives be controlled by fear of what might happen. Why not flip it around? Think about all the good things you would have missed if we hadn't come here."
She blushed. "The orgasms have been out of this world. And swimming and saunas were nice. But I've been really embarrassed."
"A little embarrassment never hurt anybody. Anything else?"
"I've never been tied. I think it might be hot with someone I trust, but these are all strangers. It scares me."
"Have you thought about who these men are? They design, build, and install machines whose purpose is to bring pleasure. I bet they don't want to hurt anyone. The hotel will have a guard there. And since they want to stream, I could watch from their website and come help you if something was wrong."
"And how would you feel if I did it?" There was fear in her eyes as she looked at me.
I wanted to think how to put my words, but I couldn't wait for long, because she was so desperately waiting for my answer. "I..., Now don't get me wrong, but I would find it incredibly hot. But only if you wanted to do it. If you don't want to, I will call Meredith myself and take all the blame."
Her expression said she was both surprised and relieved at the same time, and then she hugged me tightly. She was whispering: "I am conflicted. I want it. Just thinking about it gets me so horny that I am trembling. And it scares me that I want it. And I fear that it would hurt, or that I would panic, or that something would go badly. Or that you would find me disgusting afterwards."
"Nothing about you could ever be disgusting," I tried to reassure her. "You are beautiful inside and out. I will support you in whatever you decided to do."
She hugged me tight for a minute.
"Have sex with me. I want you to take my anal virginity. Then I want to have dinner with Takeshi and his friends."
I took her face between my hands and kissed her lips. "I would love to. But first you need to call Rachel, they need time to prepare."
While Samantha was making the phone call, I opened the letter of instructions. The start time was marked for a little over two hours away. For preparation they wanted Samantha to use the enema, pee, and have a shower. She should not be wearing any clothes for an hour before the event to avoid pressure marks from clothes. She would need to be at the small ballroom at the designated time, and would be returned back to her room two to three hours later.
Samantha put the phone down. I stepped behind her, and kissed her neck. She turned her head away to give me better access. I kneaded her shoulders, and she groaned in appreciation. Slowly I started pulling her shirt open, and then slid it down her shoulders. I kissed and sucked my way from her neck to her shoulder, then repeated the same on the other side. I cupped her breasts, and stroked the under sides. She sighed.
I turned her around, and started a trail of kisses from her forehead to her lips. She opened her mouth wider, and gently played her tongue against mine. I pulled her shirt off completely, and threw it on a chair. I sucked lightly on her neck, but not enough to leave a mark. She was sensitive and got goosebumps on her arms. I couldn't resist her nipples anymore, and trailed my way down with more kisses. Finally the heavenly breast with its hard peak was in my reach. I sucked the nipple in first, and she hissed. I felt the nub with my tongue, circled around, and blew air on it. The areola crinkled, and she pulled me closer. I couldn't resist the softness, and tried to suck her whole breast into my mouth.
After repeating the treatment with her other breast, I knelt down and removed her skirt. I booped her clitoral hood with my nose and she giggled. I inhaled her scent. It was strong, because she had been aroused the whole day, but it was intoxicating. I had to taste her, but she pushed me away.
"My turn," she said in a husky voice.
She gave me a light kiss on the lips, and opened the top button of my shirt. She kissed the skin that was exposed, and then opened another button. Another kiss. Finally all open. She removed my shirt, and walked behind me, with her breasts keeping contact with my arm, then my back. She covered my nipples with the palms of her hands, and rubbed. My nipples were instantly hard, and it was my turn to get goosebumps. She kissed my shoulder blades.
Her hands moved down, and unbuckled my belt. She had some trouble with the button, but it finally popped open. She slid her hand into pants and cupped my balls. I was already semi-hard, and her gentle caresses were causing blood to flush into my member. I could feel the twin peaks of her nipples pressing on my back while she was maneuvering my pants down.
I turned around, start started pushing her toward the bed. She sat down, and grinned, because my dick was now at the perfect sucking height for her. She looked at it from every angle first.
"I like your cock. It looks like it wants to have some fun with me," and she grinned again while looking up into my eyes.
Then she sucked the head in, and I groaned. She licked around the glans, and slowly sucked me further in. She stopped before I hit the back of her throat, and then started bobbing back and forth. Her tongue paid attention to my frenulum, which was driving my excitement quickly higher. I pulled out of her mouth and pushed her gently on her back. While she scooted up on the bed, I stepped out of my pants and threw my socks off. I locked my eyes on her and started crawling closer.
"I want to taste you."
She spread her legs for me. She still had her toys inside, and the butt plug was winking at me. I drew lines on her inner thighs toward her pussy, and spread her lips to show the glistening folds beneath. I drew a long lick from the bottom of her hole to her clitoris, and she shivered. Her taste was strong, and I loved it. I licked her folds with my tongue, and dipped in her love tunnel in my meandering exploration. Her clit had come out to say hello, and I gave it a light kiss. Then I continued by sucking it in, and lightly circling her bud with the tip of my tongue.
Her fingers grabbed my hair, and directed me to stay in place. I was happy to oblige. I alternated sucking her clit, and circling around it with my tongue, steadily increasing the force of each. Then I grabbed the end of her butt plug, and started fucking her with it.
"Aah, stop! I don't want to come yet," she buckled and trembled as she forced down the orgasm that threatened to overwhelm her. "I want to feel you in my pussy, too. Let me take out the ben wa balls first."
I watched in fascination as she bore down, and stuck two fingers inside to grab the end of the toy. She pulled it out, and it was slick with her juices. I grabbed her wrist before she could throw it out, and started licking the toy clean.
"Damn that's hot," Samantha groaned.
Once I was done, I let go, and moved higher up on her body. I licked first the undersides of her breasts, then her nipples, finally giving them a good suck. Then I couldn't wait anymore. I grabbed my dick, and moved it in her folds to get it slick. I found the entrance to her tunnel, and pushed in.
"Ooh! So good. Go slow, or I'll cum," she pleaded.
Her pussy enveloped my cock, and her heat and wetness was pure bliss. I was grinding on her knob, and the pressure on my pubic bone was dangerously close to pushing me over. It was torture to move at the slow pace she wanted, just below my own hair trigger. I kissed her lips, hungrily sucking on her tongue, trying to concentrate on the feel of her lips to forget the excruciating pleasure below.
"I want you in my ass now. I want to come when you are in my ass."
She turned on her tummy, and wiggled her bottom at me. I growled and grabbed the end of the butt plug. She pushed her right hand underneath, to give pleasure to her button. I pushed the butt plug deeper, then pulled out, watching her sphincter stretch around it. I repeated, pulling harder now, and the toy popped clear. She gaped briefly, and I admired the treasure that she was about to give me. I remembered lube at the last moment, and yanked the nightstand open. My hands were shaking when I pulled the lube out, and covered my whole shaft. Finally prepared, I grabbed hold of my tool, and started pushing in. I could see Samantha was pushing back like I had taught her, and my cock was sliding in with an exquisite feeling of friction along the way.
"Uuh! I love how it feels, go slow and deep first. Then fuck me as hard as you want," Samantha growled.
I thought it was hot that she was able to tell me exactly what she wanted. I finally bottomed out. Her soft globes felt heavenly as I pushed in between. I went slow for as long as I could handle, but finally was at the limit of my self control. I started picking up speed.
"Oh, god!" Grunt. "Argh, so good. Fuck me, Frank. Don't hold back. Give me all you've got!" she egged me on.
And I gave her my everything. My cock was painfully hard as I plowed her as deep as I possibly could. I was sweating now, and breathing heavy, but I wanted this goddess of sex to ascend to euphoric levels she had never experienced before. My strong pushes were sliding her forward on the bed sheets, and the friction on her breasts and nipples was fueling her oncoming orgasm. Suddenly her anus squeezed me tight, and the formerly soft pillows of her bottom became rock hard.
"Aaargh", she screamed.
I had passed my limit when her first contraction hit, and I spurted my first shot of batter with her scream. Maybe I screamed too; I couldn't tell. It felt like I emptied my soul into her colon, and the ecstasy continued along with her rhythmic contractions far longer than I had ever felt. I felt exhausted, and had to lie down on her. I didn't want to pull out, but eventually my dick shrunk down, and slipped out. I went to the bathroom to wash myself, and brought in a wash towel I had rinsed with warm water. I wiped around Sam's bottom just in case. She let out a happy sigh.
Sam turned on her side and smiled at me. "That was lovely. Just what I needed. You made it perfect."
I smiled. "I am happy. And it felt wonderful for me, too."
"Maybe next time we can make it last longer. I was just so horny that I had to fight against coming too early."
My heart skipped a beat with the word "next". I couldn't help but smile again. "It was torture holding back myself as well. But the prize at the end was worth it. I may have seen stars."
She chuckled. "That's good. I was a little afraid that I was too bossy and concentrated too much on what I wanted."
"I liked that you knew what you wanted. I was happy to provide. So, what do you want to do now? We have some time to kill," I asked.
"I'd just like to lie down in bed and talk. To get to know you better."
So we talked. We kept the topics generally light weight, because I could sense that she was still apprehensive about what was to happen later. I liked her sense of humor, and her sensitivity, but she still had a strong backbone when she really wanted something. We talked about the foods we liked, and the places we had been to, and where we wanted to go. We both like steaks and Italian food. We both got Japan and Tahiti still on our bucket lists.
We went to take a shower together. We washed each others hair and back. Her body covered in soap suds was divine, but I mostly held my hands in check. After I had toweled myself dry I went back to bed to browse my phone. She was fixing her hair and makeup. It all felt so nice and mundane, but the minutes were ticking down relentlessly.
Then it was time.
We had donned our robes, and hugged.
"Please stay here. It is easier if you don't escort me there." Then she continued. "I need to do this, for both of us."
She could tell that I was about to protest, and she smiled sweetly. "I also want it. But I would feel safer if you watched the stream. Can you do that for me?"
I nodded.
—
I booted my laptop and started browsing the hotel website to find Samantha's stream. My phone rang. It was Meredith.
"Hi Frank, do you have a couple of minutes?"
"Sure, what's on your mind, Meredith?"
"Since this is your first work trip I just wanted to find out how you are doing, but I actually just checked your numbers and it seems I have nothing to worry about. Whatever you are doing, keep doing it!"
"Thanks! But I can't take all the glory for this one. With the attendance and the competition, I wouldn't stand a chance without Samantha. And like you said, she knows your products, so I won't end up looking like a moron when someone asks a question I don't know the answer to."
She chuckled. "Yeah, she is smart alright. I just didn't think she had it in her to stop being so painfully awkward when talking to people she doesn't know."
"Ah, well, she is better now than in the beginning, but still not great," I hesitated. I was hoping she wouldn't continue this line of thought, but she pushed on.
"Then how on earth are you signing up so many customers if she's just standing there like some totem pole?"
"Erhm, she's... how should I put it, learned to use her womanly charms."
Meredith burst into rich laughter. "Are you kidding me? Our Samantha? Wow! Well, good on her if she's finally coming out of her shell. But a little tip: if you ever meet her mother, don't let her hear you say that." And she laughed again. "I'll better give her a call and hear this from herself. But I don't want to hold you any longer. See you next week!"
I finally found what I think was the right stream. There was just a countdown going on, with 15 minutes to go. To kill the time, I browsed their online store. My previous gifts had been a hit, and I got a new idea. I decided to call the hotel boutique.
—
I heard a ping from the TV, and noticed there was a light blinking in the lower right corner. This was strange, since the TV was on standby, and I had not touched the remote. I turned it on.
"Hotel Stream Announcement! Watch as brave girl takes on six guys in an epic gang bang!"
Holy shit! I hadn't realized they would be announcing streams inside the rooms. Although it did make sense. Otherwise most people probably wouldn't even know about them. But it also meant that Samantha would be a local celebrity for the rest of the trip. Then chat messages started popping up on the right side of the screen.
"Is it coming from this hotel? I've been here all week and this is the first stream. - curious-guest"
"is this thing live? - spankboy"
The screen flashed bright, then showed Samantha standing, wearing the hotel bathrobe, in the ballroom. Her mouth was moving, but there was no sound at first.
"... my robe?" she was asking something.
"Leave clothes and slippers on chair. Climb on table, please." Takeshi's clipped voice.
On the TV I could see Samantha's face flush red. It was suddenly real. I could see her fingers trembling, but she kicked her slippers under the chair next to her, and then untied her robe. She hesitated half a second, and then pulled the robe off, and dropped it carelessly on the chair. She turned and walked to the table. The camera followed her from behind. She put her right knee on the table, and leaned in. The camera zoomed in on her bottom, displaying everything in 72 inch high definition view.
"wow, she's hot! porn star? - spankboy"
Samantha had gotten on all fours on the table.
"On your back." Takeshi again.
Samantha turned on her back. The view switched to a different camera, which was straight above the table. Samantha was able to see the camera, because she was staring straight at it. She blushed all the way down to her nipples.
"We tie now. Relax."
On the screen Takeshi was passing burgundy colored silk rope to three of his colleagues, and leaving the last to himself. One man was using a camera, and two men pushed a food cart closer. Takeshi was the shortest of the men. One was tall and fat, like a sumo wrestler. Others were somewhere in between, and they seemed to range from mid thirties to early fifties in age.
"seen her swim, guest i think - ashley"
The men bent Samantha's arms so that her hands were under her neck, and gave her a small pillow. Then they used the rope to tie her arms in the bent position. They pushed her arms flush with the table, then looped the rope under the table to lock her arms in open position. Samantha's blush had lessened, but she was breathing heavier, and looking at the rope as it was looped around her flesh.
"no way! what a skank - spankboy"
"She could be a model. - curious-guest"
The men at Samantha's legs were also busy. They had bent her legs so that her feet almost touched her pussy, and they were looping the rope around her legs to lock them in place. They pushed her knees a little toward her head, and then pushed down, which had the effect of exposing her sex and opening her slit lewdly. The camera zoomed in. The insides where already slick with Samantha's arousal. The camera zoomed out again as the men finished tying her legs open. I would have been really uncomfortable in that position, but Samantha seemed to be unbothered. She seemed very flexible. That thought got my dick twitching.
"Comfortable?" Takeshi asked.
Samantha coughed to find her voice. "Yeah, I am OK."
Four of the men started piling food on Samantha's naked and bound body. Sushi, of course. The camera view switched to Takeshi. He was giving a speech in Japanese. The only word I understood was "Samantha". After he was done, all the food was now on Samantha. The camera again switched to top view. I had to say it looked artistic. I paused the video, and snapped a picture with my phone, before catching up to live feed. The men toasted, and sipped their drinks. Takeshi brought a small cup next to Samantha's lips.
"Sake," he said.
Samantha opened her lips, and Takeshi poured in small amounts at a time so that she wouldn't choke. The men picked up their chopsticks, and started to eat. The conversation picked up in Japanese, and I of course couldn't understand a thing.
"The men work for the hotel. I saw them installing gym equipment. - curious-guest"
The Japanese work crew was having a good time. Takeshi was being an attentive host, and feeding small bites and sips of drink to Samantha. As the food was leaving more and more areas of Samantha's skin uncovered, the chopsticks were tracing longer patterns on her skin. She squirmed occasionally, either from arousal or being ticklish, but I couldn't tell. Suddenly two men on opposite sides of the tables grabbed Samantha's nipples at the same time, and pulled. Samantha arced her back, and mewled.
"boring. are they going to fuck the whore or not? - spankboy"
"*** spankboy has been banned from chat"
"lol - ashley"
The camera switched into Samantha's bald cunt. Chopsticks had her clit in between, and they were sliding smoothly back and forth. Sam's body was trembling, and her pink hole was leaking cream.
"hot! - ashley"
The messages were starting to get too distracting, so I turned off the chat panel. I was just interested in Samantha. And, to be fair, this opportunity was just too good to waste. I stripped naked on the bed, and started playing with my own pleasure wand. It seemed like Samantha would be tied up - I chuckled at my own joke - for a while longer, so I needed to pace myself.
In the room the men were finally finishing up the last morsels of food. They were now deliberately playing with Samantha's body with their chopsticks while they continued drinking. She was squirming around, but it was clear from her nipples and glistening gash that she was enjoying the treatment. Samantha had to endure two more rounds of sake and sexual torture before the men were ready to move on to the next phase. They cleared the table from everything except their tied up target of lust. Samantha looked at the standing men that surrounded her with some apprehension, but her arousal was damping the fear. Then the men leaned in, and Samantha squeaked.
Takeshi surrounded her left breast in his hands, and sucked her nipple into his mouth. The man on the opposite side of the table did the same with her other breast. The largest man leaned in to worship her vagina. Two men kneeled on the floor, and sucked Samantha's toes in their mouths. The last one circled the table with a camera, and the video feed was showing split screen of Samantha from above, and close up shots of breast being mauled, nipple being chewed, clitoris being sucked, and pussy being penetrated by two fat fingers. Samantha's body was buckling uncontrollably, or what the ropes allowed.
The men let up their ministrations, and rotated clockwise. Then they started again. Samantha's muscles were strained, and she was starting to sweat.
I couldn't control myself, and came all over myself.
But Samantha's ordeal was not even half way through. The men rotated again. They each had their own style of bringing Samantha pleasure, and she was overwhelmed by the avalanche of sensations flooding her body. She was slick with sweat, and occasionally screamed something incomprehensible. She still tried to struggle. Rotate. Pleasure. Samantha was in a world of her own, no longer even seeing her surroundings even though her eyes were open. She was no longer able to make any sound, just silently screaming and sucking in breaths when she could
Finally the man who was filming started what sounded like a count down. When he finished, the men switched their tactics. Those at her breasts pulled and twisted her nipples with one hand, and slapped her breasts with quick blows. They used enough force to sting, but not enough leave a bruise. The man working her vagina pushed in three fingers and started rapidly rubbing her g-spot, and used his other hand to massage her clitoris. The others were raining rapid slaps on Samantha's inner thighs, and on her pubis mons. Samantha's every muscle contracted, and held. Her eyes rolled so that only whites could be seen. She stayed unmoving for what seemed like an eternity, but couldn't have been more than thirty seconds. Then she collapsed, and passed out.
Everything stopped.
Rapid Japanese followed, and the men begun untying Samantha's limp body. Another man, who I assumed to be hotel security, stepped into picture. He checked Samantha's pulse. After a moment he grinned, and gave the men thumbs up sign. I was finally able to breath myself. I cleaned myself with tissue. I needed a drink, and grabbed a whiskey from the minibar.
The picture had shifted. Samantha was lying on a mattress, and was starting to move. She sat up, but held her head. Takeshi was asking her something which the cameras did not pick up. Samantha nodded, and soon she had a water bottle and pills in her hand. She drank the whole bottle, and then relaxed on her back on the mattress. She looked straight at the camera, and gave a thumbs up. That cracked me up!
The men disrobed. The fat man had a very thick cock, but none were particularly long. They were all in various rates of arousal. They sat around Samantha, and started stroking her arms and legs. Samantha stretched herself, and her nipples became hard pointers again. Takeshi laid on his back next to Samantha and told her to get on top of himself. Samantha straddled him, and then grabbing Takeshi's dick, lowered herself all the way in. Her inner thighs and breasts were slightly reddened from the slaps, and she winced a little when she bottomed out. She started grinding on Takeshi, and the other men moved in. She was presented cocks to suck, but since she had just one mouth, the men helped themselves to her hands as well.
Once everyone was hard, they pushed Samantha down. The view shifted to her behind, where Takeshi's cock was pumping in her swollen, juicy cunt. Her ass cheeks were pulled open, and another hand started spreading lubricant on her rosebud. First one finger slipped in, then another. Samantha grunted, but did not stop gyrating on the cock. Then a third finger creeped in on the opposite side, and started pushing for access as well. This time Samantha stopped, and pushed out. Her sphincter spread out lewdly around the fingers already in, and then the third slipped in. Samantha shivered, and started tentatively humping up and down on the cock and fingers. The fingers in her ass stayed with the movement, twisting around when their owners felt her soft insides.
I was rock hard again, and pulled out a fleshlight from the nightstand. I had no doubt I would be able to come again at this rate.
On the TV another man was now aiming his cock at Samantha's well stretched anal opening. In he went, and Samantha grunted. She wiggled around, and then started slow and sensual pulls up, and then down. She was gradually picking up speed, and gyrating her body around the impalers.
"Oh my god this is amaziiiing!" Samantha screamed.
She switched to short, rapid movements, now determined to get her off. But she was to be disappointed. Takeshi stopped her, and climbed out from under her, and the man behind pulled out as well. The sumo man took Takeshi's place. Samantha leaned in to take him in her mouth, and once he was suitably wet, Samantha placed herself over the thick cock. She sank down two inches, then pulled up an inch, and slammed herself all the way down.
"Yes!" she screamed.
She had time to ride for just a short moment, when another man pushed his penis in her rectum. She shivered, and switched into long hard strokes. She was twisting and pulling her left nipple, then pulled the hands of the nearest men to do it for her, on both of her breasts. Samantha was on a freight train toward her orgasm. The man in her ass pulled out, and another replaced him. The new man was rapidly fucking her ass, and was taking Samantha towards her release as well. But he also pulled out without finish.
"Nooo! So close, give me... aaah," Samantha finished her protestations when she felt yet another penis fill her anal cavity.
Samantha switched into overdrive, and this time the men were happy to oblige. The thick cock churned her vagina, and her clitoris was grinding on his pubic bone. The cock in her ass was doing long and determined strokes. Her breasts were being abused by two men. Takeshi raised his hand, aiming for Samantha's right buttock.
"Come now, Samantha-san!" Takeshi yelled.
As soon as Takeshi's blow hit Samantha's buttock, another man slapped her from the other side. Samantha screamed, but couldn't stop impaling her on the cocks. She was coming, and it it went on, and on, and on. Takeshi and the other man stopped their blows and started stroking her cheeks. Samantha was out of breath, and strength. She stopped moving, but her body was involuntarily twitching. The men pulled out of her, arranged her on her back, and then stood around her. She was looking dazed at the six cocks being jerked furiously above her. Then they erupted, one after another, with satisfied grunts. Jizz covered Samantha from hair to pussy. It was in lines, and droplets, and big splotches on her stomach, and breasts, and sliding down her sides. Her right eye was caked closed, and she was tasting her semen covered lips with her tongue.
I came.
The video feed died. Timer showed two hours and forty minutes for the broadcast.
—
There was a knock at the door.
"Security! I am bringing her in, can you open the door, please?"
I had cleaned myself, and put on a robe. I opened the door. The security guard pushed Samantha in on a food cart. She was covered in cum soaked white sheet, and her legs spilled over the the edges of the cart on both sides. Her right arm was under the sheet, making lazy circles over her sex.
"She received a gift box. It is on the bottom shelf. Rachel wanted me to inform you that your nightstand has salve that you should apply inside her pussy and ass; it helps with the recovery. I can leave the cart here. Housekeeping will pick it up tomorrow. Have a good night, sir."
And with that, we were alone. It was quiet. I looked at her. Her one barely open eye looked back at me, and she smiled faintly.
"I did it," she whispered.
"That you did." I smiled. "You were amazing!"
She smiled again, but tears were forming in her eyes.
"Sssh! Everything is good. Let's get you into the shower."
I picked the gift box from the cart and placed it on the table. I removed the sheet, and threw my robe on the bed to not soil it. Then I picked her up in my arms and carried her into the bathroom, and turned on the shower. Once it had warmed up, I sat down in the shower with her, my back against the wall and she leaning against me.
The water was flowing over us, and I wiped most of the semen away with my hand. I made sure her hair was wet, and then poured a generous amount of shampoo on her head. I worked quickly to clean it before all the shampoo washed away. Next I repeated it with the conditioner. It wasn't salon treatment, but at least her hair was clean. Finally I spread the liquid soap all over her, and rinsed her off.
After toweling her dry in my lap I spent a few minutes blow drying her hair. Definitely not salon treatment, but better than sleeping in wet bed. I carried her into bed, and then remembered Rachel's message. I rummaged through my nightstand, and found two healing salves, one for vagina and the other for anus. When I pushed the salve into her vagina she tried to turn away.
"No more," she whispered.
"Just something to smooth away the irritation. Almost done."
I carefully applied the other salve on her backside, and after washing my hands pulled the blanket over us and spooned her.
"Hold me," she whispered, and promptly fell asleep.
It took me a while longer. Tonight had been incredibly hot. But I was also feeling guilty. Was a job really worth all this? Would Samantha hate me in the morning, or have a nervous breakdown? I finally succumbed into a restless sleep.