Her mind reeling over what she called her initiation, Monica slipped from Ryan's backyard into her house. Nobody was home. Her parents were barely ever around. Hard working and hard partying. Either or. She liked it that way. They trusted her. Fools!
Wasting no time she jumped in the shower to freshen up and got ready to join Ryan, and the Pizza pals. She located her micro bikini and swiftly put it on. Her body was pornstar quality. No unsightly weight. All flesh tight in her abs, legs, and ass. Her massive 34DDD breasts were struggling to be hidden under the bikini top.
The bottoms covered her pussy but that was all. It's spaghetti bands vanished up her butt cheeks crevice. Tied at both hips in a loose bow that she could untether with a pinch. Damned sexy she was.
Checking herself out in the mirror of her closet she decides to put her long brown hair up in a ponytail. This would give her stunning shoulders room to showcase their perfect stature.
Satisfied, she sprays a stunning perfume on that excited even her senses.
Getting dressed she wore the same clothes as earlier. Ryan's wishes. The only thing changed is her fringed ankle socks and black strapped shoes with a gentle heel. She adored Bobbi socks. So sexy on her.
Ready to go she had time to step outside into her backyard. She was caught off guard by Ryan's father Brock returning home from work. Construction his chosen career.
"Hi Brock." She spooks him slightly.
"Hey beautiful."
She skips over to his side, "Any luck on that Bar you're taking me too?"
"Actually, yes. Just not this Friday. Aiming for next Friday. That okay?"
"Yessss! Where?"
"Hunter's club about six miles out in the country. No cops out there much. Just a bunch of drunk Hunter's and locals. My buddy Hollister, "Holly" agreed to a striptease. After hours. 2 A.M.."
"Yayyyyyyyyyyyyyy!" She jumps for joy then pauses, "What's the conditions?"
"Whatever happens happens. You're the one taking the risks. He told me I couldn't interfere in any way. So you're on your own."
"Should I be worried?"
"Safe to say you might get manhandled pretty good."
"Raped?"
"Always the chance. You don't have to do it." He repositions his lunch box under his arm.
"I have to. I can't give up. Proving to myself I can be an exhibitionist anywhere is a must."
"I'll bring condoms just in case." He fidgets.
Her face went expressionless, "Wow!"
Before anything more could be said Brock's son Ryan returned from his house and met them in the yard. He had a strained look on his face.
"Hey Dad."
Brock looks between he and Monica, "Don't you have to go to work?"
"On my way now. You still want that ride to Amanda's house?" Ryan thinks quickly making up a name.
"Yessss! Thank you. After a grueling day of classes I don't want the walk across town."
"See you late tonight Pop." Ryan steps past him.
"Bye Brock." She flutters her fingers at him mid twist on her heel.
Brock eyed Monica following behind his son like a lost puppy suddenly. As they disappeared around the garage he frowns. Something was up. He would interrogate them both another time.
"Hop in." Ryan nods at his car.
Monica scurried around to the passenger side and jumped in. Seat belt around her snugly she snaps a glance at Ryan.
"Do you think Janson found my thong on his windshield?"
Backing out of his drive into the alley he proceeded to reach the side street before replying.
"Found. Sniffed. Put it in his pocket. Janson's a weasel I doubt he says a word about it. The smeared windshield will stare at him all the way home though."
They laugh about it as Monica beamed, "I can't believe how much everyone encouraged me. Even the girls. I feel like a weights been lifted."
"Told you so. All it takes is making it look like the ultimate prank toward Janson. Now people will respect you."
"I never thought of that. My pictures been taken doing it. Video even. I hope nobody abuses them."
"You shouldn't care about that Miss Exhibitionist."
"True. I like the idea that guys can look at me any time they want." She dances in her seat.
"Worry about trouble when it shows up. Until then live life and make them lust."
"Easy for you to say." She grits her teeth playfully then sighs, "Okay, already! Thank you Ryan."
"For what?" He plays coy.
She smirks at him with a look of expectation, "You were pretty sexy today. You didn't let me back down. I guess I do have a few insecurities."
"Sexy, huh?" He grins.
"Don't push it. I'm not looking for a boyfriend."
"Good to hear. I only want a fuck buddy." He laughs, "I'm having as much fun as you are."
"I see a change in you since I asked you and the guys to push me. You were almost aggressive earlier. In a good way though."
"Sometimes that's what it takes. You learned something valuable though because of it. Right?"
"Yes." She peers out the passenger door window that was halfway rolled down.
Ryan nods as he eyes traffic, "Tell me what you learned."
"That as free spirited as I am inside I still let things get in my way."
"No longer. I'm calling you on that every time I see it. I intend to push you until you give up or give in. Choice is yours really. I don't own you like some slave. You wanted my help I gave it."
"The trouble is I'm more afraid of losing the ones I love over my urges to show off. My parents would be devastated."
"So give up the urges."
She laughs at herself looking at the floor mat below, "That won't happen. The teasing has me hooked."
"Your idea of teasing is always going to be extreme. You can't help yourself. It's just carrying it out that sucks you in. The endless possibilities. The glory of getting away with it. I see it in your eyes when men see you naked or touching yourself. You love to draw them in."
"It's my drug of choice. I refuse to stop."
"You can't deny that my dares have made you more ambitious. When you stripped down in Morrison's class that was the spark that fed the fire. In the Men's room you finished yourself. You lost your mind at the guys watching you."
"I remember it all. It was something I needed to do. Your dare only increased that desire to succeed."
"Stop lying to yourself Monica. You loved watching them all jerk off. Even when it was all over you."
She pouts slightly, "It wasn't as bad as I said earlier. You're right. It's just my fears of liking that kind of thing too much."
"We're almost at work. Before I go in I'm going to tell you something and I want it to sink in." He eyes her directly.
"Okay."
"I'm going to Dare you to do more of that kind of thing. If you really did like that you shouldn't resist it."
"Did I resist it that day?"
"No. But, you didn't seem too happy at first."
"I'm open to more Ryan. Just please take it slow." She pleads with her eyes.
He pulls into the pizzeria parking lot and parks away from the immediate window access. Shutting his car off he looks over at her.
"No. Face anything and adapt. I DARE you to be yourself. You are this person. Believe in yourself."
She sneers at him, "Should I change into my bikini now?"
"Yep. Stay here. Once we all clock in we'll decide who gets you first. Do whatever Shane and Holden tell you."
"Can I do things for myself? Not being your slave remember?"
"Yes. But, if it's not pushing yourself enough we're going to push. Stay low in the car seat. Family restaurant. Kids and stuff."
"Right. Kids would be bad."
He exits his car and leaves her to peel off her cutoff shorts and t-shirt. Her bikini beneath made her feel sexy. The breeze coming through the window gave her chills.
After ten minutes she see's Shane exit the parlor carrying a red pizza warmer with pizza inside. He walks in front of the car and motions her to follow him to his Dad's small pickup truck.
Switching cars she settles into the cab passenger seat and claims the pizza warmer for him so that he could drive. Backing out quickly he informs her of her attire.
"Tennis hat on the dash by you. Put it on."
She reaches across the warmer and grabs the hat putting it on. She pulled her ponytail through the back to look especially cute.
"Pizza logo pin. Attach it to your bottoms." He hands it to her.
She giggles as she pulls her bottoms out in front to struggle with the pin. In doing so Shane weaved all over the road to look down at her pubic triangle.
"Watch the road. Not me."
"Can't help it. Okay, there's napkins in the warmer. Tuck them into your left breast. Coupons in your right."
Laughing she complies, "Where do I carry change if I owe them any?"
"You don't. It's all tips Baby."
She notes the address on the pizza box after getting the napkins.
"706 Newcastle Avenue."
"Yep. I delivered there the day I started. 40 year old virgin living in his Mom's basement."
"Mom? Great! Bet she answer's the door."
"Does it matter?"
"Not unless you guys mind her calling your boss and getting you fired."
"Job like this is easy to get. I'd rather see you naked more than get a paycheck." He chuckles.
"Awwww! I feel so special."
"You are special, Monica. My mission is to get you naked as often as possible."
"Music to my ears." She laughs, "If I could I'd be naked 24/7."
"That would mean a city full of hard ons."
"I love making guys rock hard."
"I'm hard right now."
"I know. I see the bulge."
"Shit! Almost passed the address up. 706 on the mailbox." He brakes hard and pulls to the curb by a row of bushes. Parking idle he nods for her to get out. He then met her on the other side of his truck.
Placing the pizza sleeve on the hood he turns to face her primping at her hair and adjusting her bikini. She had to laugh at his stupidity.
"Enough already. You know I'm delicious. I don't need all that."
"Just making sure. Wait! One last thing."
He grips her shoulders and turns her around to face the fender well of the truck. Her hands lean on the hood.
Shane then crouches behind her and pulls the bikini bottoms butt crack strap out. Face lowered he flicks his tongue over her ass hole five times, giving her the chills, and a set of light whimpers.
"Dammit Shane." She sighs getting incredibly wet at his tongue lashing.
He slowly rises while kissing his way up her spine until he reached the base of her skull. Nuzzling her ear he kisses her neck tenderly.
" Yeah, you are delicious."
She fans herself trying not to get too worked up.
"That was nice. Can I deliver this pizza before it's cold?" She giggles.
He growls and slaps her on the ass.
She yelps and laughs all at once.
"Get on up there and turn that virgin on."
"Oh, I will. You hide in the shadows and watch the goddess do her thing."
She obtains the pizza sleeve and scurries up the sidewalk to reach the front door. She whispers, "Please don't let Mom answer." repeatedly.
Ringing the doorbell she nervously lifts her body up and down on her toes. Placing her 34DDD's on the top of the sleeve she crushes her monsters together like giant melons. Her nipples poked at the pink bikini top, bullets in a chamber.
Two minutes at most she waited until the door opened wide. It was the 40 year old son. He was roughly 5'6, 230 pounds. Balding brown hair and an unshaven face. He wore grey sweatpants that appeared almost too tight, and a blue t-shirt.
Unexpected to see a girl driver, let alone one so sexy, he stopped cold, frozen in his tracks, as well as expression.
She opens the warmer and pulls the box out letting the warmer fall to the porch at her feet.
"Double Cheese Supreme?" She asks.
He stammers trying to form words that become huffs, "You must be new."
"I am! I am!" She smiles sheepishly.
Swallowing hoarsely he adds, "New uniforms even."
She tosses her head from side to side, "Not regulation. I won't tell if you don't."
She passes him the pizza then removes the napkins carefully from her breast cup.
"Here you go. I know the pizza's are to drool over."
His gaze lowers to her chest and freezes in time. Licking his lips slightly he huffs without moving his mouth, "I might need more than that."
Monica lowers her chin toward her cleavage, "I don't have any more with me."
The man named "Stuart" dropped his jaw at her melons dancing at her nerves. An awkward moment of silence made her fidget and dance on her toes more rapidly. Her beguiling smile went unnoticed even though his attention span allowed her to study his withdrawn expression.
Her own eyes drop for a second to capture the man's grey sweatpants tent up in the crotch. She literally observed it's rise to power. An erection that brought along bulging scrotum with it.
Mischief brewing with each foot dance she acts forgetful, "Oh, I have coupons too."
Tugging her other bikini cup down slightly to retrieve the stuffed coupons she lets him capture the upper fullness of her areola.
He sighed heavily without blinking or showing expressions.
Feigning slippery fingers she drops the coupons at his feet scattering about. Swiftly bending over closer toward him she picked them up. On her way erect she bumped and brushed his erection on her hat's brim forcing the hat to slip from her head. It dangled over her ponytail and stayed there. His dick sprang back up before her bulging eyes.
Blushing she cringed slightly to act spooked, "I'm sooooo sorry about that. First day jitters."
His stony response was simply a huff, "Do that again."
The drool forming at the corners of his mouth was priceless.
"You poor thing. Here let me wipe your chin."
She reaches behind her back and unties her top. Removing it she allowed him to see her breasts in all of their bulging glory. She then leaned forward to use the inside of her top to wipe his chin. He let her without so much as a flinch. Suddenly, he lost motor control and dropped the pizza box to their feet. It landed on the warmer sleeve.
Reacting she jumps back a step squealing. Her tits bobbed about madly due to the suddenness of her actions.
Stuart was a statue. Only his eyes moved along with her bounce.
"Here! Hold my top and I'll pick up the pizza."
Hesitantly he takes the top and eyes her descent to retrieve the pizza. While she collects it he holds her top to his nose. His eyes rolled back into his head. The scent was amazing.
Monica took her time getting up, lowering her chin to give him a moment of alone time.
Preparing to stand she realized that he had also dropped the $20 dollar bill he intended to pay her with. The bill had fluttered down between his legs further behind him. She told her thoughts that this was too perfect.
"You dropped your money too." She teeters the pizza box on her left hip then kneels under him stretching to pinch the money between her fingers. In doing so her scalp was directly under his balls. Bill in toe she rears her head back and made her impact with his balls look accidental. She literally rolled her face along the contours of his swollen scrotum and up the girth of his cocks underside. As his protruding crown reached her brow it touched the bridge of her nose. She crossed her eyes to look at it.
Stuart stared down at her, her doe like eyes in mid panic mode. Feeling her exhale on his balls made his eyes roll back again.
Her sudden departure, she launched herself backwards losing balance and landing on her ass cheeks.
"OH MY GOD! I'm such a klutz. I can't believe I did that."
Regaining his senses he began chuckling and handed her top back to her.
From her sitting position she looked haunted by her actions. Her legs were wide in her sit down position. The thong tugged in to slightly reveal a lip. He again huffed and this time rubbed his facial stubble. She traded him the pizza for her top then covers her chest with her arms.
With a pleading expression she gazes up at him with eyes that made him even harder.
"Please don't tell my Boss. Like I said he doesn't know I'm doing the deliveries wearing my bikini. I need the tip money badly. I figured eye candy would get me the cash."
"You did this on purpose." He frowns as reality sank in.
"The bikini yes. Although I guess taking my top off was going too far. I'm so stupid."
She got all pouty but it was convincing.
"You should deliver here more often." He grunts.
Nodding helplessly she offers, "If I still have a job after tonight I will. I'll request your address. So you won't call my Boss and rat me out?"
"Naw!"
She jumps to her feet bouncing, "Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!"
Arms still folded she turns her back to him and puts the cups of her bikini back over the beauties. She then leers over her shoulder almost seductively, "I'll hold your pizza if you will tie my strings."
She steps back closer to him after he hands her the box. While awkwardly tying her top Monica looks at her feet and devilishly drops her money.
"Shoot!" She instinctively bends over to pick the bill up. As she does her ass rubs directly up against his erection. His concealed cock slips along her curves and unexpectedly drops between her thighs. His eyes bulged at the sensation of his crown literally touching her clothe covered clam.
It was only felt for a second. Monica straightened up and acted embarrassed beyond belief.
"I'm so freaking naïve." She whimpers.
Stuart grabs his pizza and tries to form the movement of offering her a hug. He wasn't positive it was the right thing to do. Pouting heavily she eased in and wrapped her arms around him. Her tits crushing over his belly.
"Thank you for being so understanding." She exhales with a feigning sniffle.
"Any time."
Backing away Monica looks down at his crotch. It had a dark wet spot directly over his penis.
Noting her expression Stuart looks down, "It wasn't me."
Biting her nail playfully she grits her teeth. Realization set in that it was her own dampness that had caused his stain.
"Oops!"
With a flutter of her fingers she lifts the $20, "Do I get to keep the tip?"
"I guess."
"So sweet. Maybe I'll see you again."
He again huffs at his erection.
She felt bad for him, as she put her dangling hat back on.
"You should really get that looked at." She playfully points at the tent.
"Are you a Doctor?" He smirks for the first time.
"No. But, I know how to fix that."
His eye brows rise, "Oh?"
Easing closer Monica places her money in her bikini bottoms right over her pussy. She then rubs her palms together. Taking a deep breath she reaches forward to pinch the elastic band of his sweats. Tugging them outward she peeks in to see his six incher.
Stuart nearly drops his pizza box again.
"Awww! He's cute." She giggles biting her lower lip to offer a melting gaze at him.
Her hand reaches out to hold his. Bringing his hand down she folds his fingers around his swollen genital. Releasing his fingers she moves to his waist band and tugs them down to show off his adventure.
"There! I need to go. Think of me."
As she Skipped away his heart sank. But his blood pressure rose. Before she reached the curb he busted a nut.
Reaching Shane who was holding the truck door open at the curb. She wiggled up to him with a glistening gaze.
"Enjoy that?"
He showed her his sticky palm.
"You didn't." She dropped her jaw.
He nods, "Yep!"
"Yay!"
"Dare you to lick my palm." He says as she gets in the cab.
He puts in front of her face chuckling.
Without a word or sneer she leaned over and licked his fingers dry.
"Can't have a sticky steering wheel. Right?"
He took her back to the parlor.
The night was young.
Two more deliveries.
Monica couldn't stop smiling.