The gloryhole became part of our schedule at the weekend. We'd often go out for a few drinks first, before stopping in for some anonymous sex on the way home. Word must have got out that it was a good time to show up, a Saturday evening, as there appeared to be larger numbers of cocks available for Suzanne - when she pushed the button a new one appeared almost immediately, and she was easily managing fifteen to twenty in one sitting.
Every session was recorded in full, and I had to buy some more storage drives to keep it all, such was the size of our collection.
Until now, Suzanne Sharp's professional and private life had been kept strictly separate. The first cracks in her professional facade began to emerge not long after her delightful Sunday session with Dave and Keith.
"So something interesting happened today," she began, after returning from reading the news, as usual arriving after eleven p.m. I expected to hear an anecdote about someone messing up the teleprompt for her lines or something else equally bland. But my ears perked up when she said:
"I flashed one of the young assistants tonight, before we went live," she smirked.
"Oh really? How?" She had my full attention.
"It was totally accidental. Honest!" She'd spotted my disbelieving look. "I was getting changed, I had a robe on, and my bra underneath. There was a knock on the door, and Tristan came in, he had some last minute notes for me to read over, and he'd brought me a coffee. I dropped the papers on the floor, and bent to pick them up, and the robe fell open a bit."
"What did he see?"
"Just this." Suzanne unbuttoned her blouse to demonstrate. She had a lovely black, lacy bra on, which was ever so slightly too small for her. It did conceal her nipples, but only just, and it helped promote an excellent cleavage. Certainly nothing obscene, and an innocent mistake, you might think. But something which any young man would no doubt have treasured.
"What did he do?"
"Nothing. I mean, he definitely got an eyeful, I saw that much. But then he sort of scuttled away. I had to go live not long after, but I can't stop thinking about it."
"How do you mean?"
"I mean, I get Tristan in and out of my dressing room all of the time in the hour leading up to me going on air, and sometimes again afterwards. I know it's not very professional, but it might be nice to have some fun with them."
"What sort of fun?"
"You know, tease them a little bit. It wouldn't do any harm, would it?"
"That depends on what you do. And who finds out," I said, with a slight warning tone.
Suzanne began coming home flustered, even more so than usual. Until now, work had been a leveller for her burgeoning sex drive, which she'd unleash once home, and especially at the weekends. But now, it seemed, even preparing to interview the Prime Minister on her Sunday morning show wasn't enough to take her mind off her desire to be seen, exposed, lusted after.
She'd taken to casually inviting Tristan, who looked after her on weeknights, and Dermott, who did the job on a Sunday morning, into her dressing room on the premise of fetching her something, checking a question, a line, nothing unusual in that. But she'd do so in her underwear. And my wife had an amazing range of very beautiful, attractive and revealing underwear.
She somehow managed to restrain herself from taking things much further, but both Tristan and Dermott had regularly caught a glimpse of a naked breast or between Suzanne Sharp's famous legs. She made out like she was so focused on her work clothing was an afterthought, and the boys made out they didn't notice as they were so dedicated to solving their boss's latest problem.
This seemed to suit everyone, but as it went on, it simply had the effect of pushing my wife further towards the inevitable. Even the weekend gloryhole sessions, whereupon she'd devour the growing number of visitors with an impressive appetite which made for some superb video, began to lose their impact. Something had to give.
"I feel like it's time for me to take things in a different direction," she began, one Saturday morning. I was making breakfast, and she was sitting thoughtfully at the breakfast bar.
"How do you mean?" I wondered. I assumed, naively, that she had received a job offer, and would be off to some new presenting job, or something similar.
"I feel like I've got nothing left to prove as a presenter, a newsreader, an interviewer," she mused. "And god knows, we've got enough money now, right?"
We were, indeed, very comfortable. I worked exclusively from home these days, and managed various investment funds in the US markets. This was proving very lucrative, and our combined income had left a large surplus which had been invested very wisely. It had been several years since I'd observed that we probably didn't need to continue work at all - not for financial reasons anyway.
"What have you got in mind, then?" I wondered. I was intrigued to see my wife looking somewhat nervous. This was a rarity, as was the indecision she was clearly experiencing.
"I..." She stopped herself, looking down at her mug of coffee for a while before raising her head with some determination.
"How would you feel if I just gave it all up? The news, the interview - being on the TV in general, really."
"What brought this on?" I wondered, not answering her question. I was worried about her. I needn't have been.
"Everything, really. All the stuff we've been getting up to, it's completely changed my mindset. I feel like there's a limited amount of time you get, and we're incredibly lucky to be where we are, and to be with each other, and so happy. I look at my friends and their lives are all just so dull. And ours is just so amazing.
"But I've found myself begrudging the work that I have to do. I mean, why am I bothering? It used to be what got me out of bed in the morning, but now it's such a chore, for the most part."
"It definitely sounds like it's time for a change then," I agreed supportively. "But what will you do with all the free time?"
"You know how much I love it, all the sexy stuff we do together. I've just been feeling more and more that we could be doing things all the time. And if I didn't have to worry about my job... I just keep thinking of all the videos and pictures we've got. When I see how Tristan and Dermott look at me, how Dave and Keith did..."
She was meandering a bit, but I could tell where this was going. In truth, it was something that I could have predicted months ago. Even back at university, my wife-to-be always had this in her. She craved exposure. She wanted the world to witness her doing things that a TV personality never did. She wanted every adoring, lustful fan to get exactly what they dreamed about.
"You want to go public?" I gasped involuntarily. Suzanne simply nodded
As usual, Suzanne Sharp had it all planned out.
"I've been speaking to someone - a publicist - for a while. She's a bit of a character, we crossed paths quite a lot at work. Just the other week, we got talking, and..."
It was early, but I poured a glass of wine and sat next to Suzie. This was going to be good. She took a long sip before continuing, noting she had my complete attention with a little smirk.
"Ruth, that's her name, she was talking about how everything had changed since Sarah Clarke appeared. Ruth's extremely positive about what Sarah Clarke's done, thinks it's great that she's out there for all to see, doing what she does."
I nodded in agreement. Sarah Clarke was a phenomenon, and we loved to see what she was going to get up to next, now that her brand of live sex and entertainment graced our screens each week. Suzie also had a hitherto secret (to all but me) admiration for this sex superstar.
"So, I just blurted it out. I would give anything to do what she does, to have so many eyes on me, everyone in the full understanding of just what I am: an unashamed, self-confessed, filthy little slut."
I was loving this, and fascinated to see where it was going. Suzie was looking straight ahead, but occasionally caught my eye, knowing how much I'd be enjoying what she was telling me.
"Ruth's job is to maximise publicity. To break stories, to plant seeds of information. We talked for hours - that's why I was so late back last night. She had the most amazing ideas, once she understood just what I wanted. From her point of view, she thinks it will be the biggest job of her career."
"Honestly, I don't think you need a publicist," I laughed. "I mean, if you are talking about what I think you are talking about, it's not something which will take any work to bring attention to!"
"Oh but listen, Rich. It's so perfect. It will start with some rumours, twitter posts which get retweeted, with rumours that, early in my career, I might have posed nude in some seedy magazines."
"Which you did," I smiled.
"I know! So some pictures will start to appear, with no way to confirm or deny it's me. God knows we've got enough material."
I began to share my wife's very obvious excitement. My heart was pumping hard, I could feel the pulsing in my neck, as most of the blood in my body was directed downwards to my crotch.
"I get asked about it, I dismiss it, no comment. At this point, I'm still on TV, still doing the news every night,"
"Jesus. You've got it all planned out!"
"Then it starts getting a bit too close for comfort," she beamed in delight. "Those DeepFakes. Some clever person starts reverse-engineering them, only to find that a large number of them are not actually fake. This gets broken in a big, scandalous, Sunday morning spread in some or other tabloid." The look of delight on her face was infectious, and I couldn't suppress a laugh.
"You are serious, aren't you?" I half wondered. What she was planning was so completely unprecedented, so completely out of character - as far as her public persona went anyway. I marvelled at just how imaginatively filthy my wife actually was. "This is going to be the biggest scandal since..."
I thought, but couldn't come up with any sex scandal which could come anywhere near what my wife was planning to unleash upon herself. But she'd only just got started.
"Since nothing," Suzie shook her head, dismissing the possibility that anything else could come close. "Ruth has some other amazing ideas, but it's really down to me what happens next. In some ways I'd like to see just how long they let me keep doing the news for. I mean, there's no precedent for something like this. If it all turned out to be malicious rumour, they could get into trouble for sacking me."
"Oh god. So you'd be doing the news, with everyone revisiting all of those pictures, those videos, hoping and wishing that they might actually be you!"
"I know!" Suzanne took another sip of wine, and slid her hand down her skirt. I loved that she felt like masturbating in front of me like this was the most natural thing in the world. And also that my following suit was expected.
"I'm just thinking of some of the stuff we posted," I breathed, hundreds of images flashing through my mind. I had my laptop on the counter, and browsed through some of the material people would be searching up any time soon. "Oh god, remember this?" The 'Before After' ones had been amongst my favourites.
On one side, my wife sat in her familiar spot on the set of the Nine-O-Clock news, very beautiful but very staid and completely clothed. On the other, the same face smiled out from a scene of her fingering herself for the camera, wearing only knee-high socks, my cock just visible to the right of her face.
We both appreciated this scene for a moment, me masturbating slowly now, joining my wife in properly appreciating her work, and where it might be leading.
"So yeah, that's hot," she smiled. "But Ruth is saying we should leak stuff each week, keep the story on the boil, but not admitting anything. So the papers might follow up next week with someone telling of a story they'd heard that I liked to flash the boys in my dressing room. Or that I would go out wearing something super-sexy, with no underwear - it would be easy to arrange for an accidental reveal!"
"I love it. I mean, keeping it going like that. It's pretty hot."
"Oh isn't it!" Suzanne's eyes were shining. "And then, eventually, when everyone is just at the point of concluding there's no smoke without fire, and maybe some of this stuff is true - but how much? At that point, it all comes out. It's just deciding how best to break the story."
It was two months after Suzanne made the decision to expose her hitherto secret life as an extremely active, cock-hungry sex maniac to the world. Everything had gone as planned. I'd met Ruth, her new publicist, and she truly was a character, as Suzie said. Between them they had concocted the situation we were in today.
It had gone almost exactly as predicted. Rumour had turned into accusation, until the story broke in the Sunday papers that the darling of our screens, the famous, beautiful, intelligent and downright 'vanilla' Suzanne Sharp, had been revealed to the world, hiding behind the guise of faked porn.
Of course, she must be a victim - that was the assumption at first. There was no way the wholesome Suzanne Sharp, who had fronted such a wide range of family-friendly and mainstream shows, would be found doing any of the sordid, dirty poses and acts that were being attributed to her. But her silence on the matter was deafening.
Explicit material continued to emerge, and it became harder and harder to ignore. More and more evidence appeared (provided surreptitiously by Ruth), and this was dissected on social media. Old magazine appearances were resurrected in a digital form, and thousands of eyes tried to find a freckle, birthmark, scar or anything that could conclusively prove or deny the identity of the naked host.
Even some of the wording which we'd provided when sending naked snaps of Suzie into the magazines was being analysed. In particular the sentence she'd supplied with her submission to 'Razzle Reader's wives':
"I have a very high profile job so I cannot reveal my face, much as I'd love to. But I love playing with myself and thinking of all your readers wanking their hard cocks to my pictures and making a mess over me!" This was presented as conclusive proof by some more optimistic twitter users.
Suzie continued to neither confirm nor deny anything, and just went about her usual routine. This time was extremely tense, but supremely arousing. Even I felt it, going to the shops or just walking down the street. All eyes had always been on my wife, once she was spotted. But now there was a darker, more accusatory feel to the glances that came her way.
The tension that this atmosphere built up could only be relieved by sex, and, whilst I continued to do my best, we both looked forward to Saturday evenings, when the gloryhole's increasing attendances gave her something close to the relief and attention she needed, albeit for a brief few hours.
Eventually she was suspended, on full pay, from her TV work, pending an investigation. Even then there was disbelief in the media, both mainstream and social. Due to her high profile anti-revenge and anti-fake porn standpoint, many thought her to be a victim of the scurrilous individuals who propagated this filth, looking to ruin the career of this delicate English rose.
And then the hammer blow to these theories. It was Sunday morning, and Ruth had arrived with the morning papers. She'd had to fight through what must have been all of the British press, camped outside our drive.
On our TV, Giles Michaels, the reliable but considerably less attractive stand-in for Suzanne, was grilling the Scottish first minister about their plans to leave the union. But the papers were what we'd been waiting for.
My wife was front-page news on every paper. All but one were regurgitating rumours of what would be revealed this morning in the 'News of the World', which had the exclusive reveal. They had paid a hefty price and the money was now sitting in Ruth's bank account, a deserved reward for her amazing work over the past weeks.
"TV's Suzie IS a floozy!" the headline roared. Suzanne was in hysterics.
"And this is why British journalism is not dead!" she laughed. What a headline!"
Ruth opted to read it out loud, as we listened intently. This was a moment which Suzanne Sharp had waited for all of her life.
"Your NOTW can today exclusively reveal that Suzanne Sharp, who we've all watched reading the news to us, and keeping our politicians honest, has been leading a secret double life. Not only are the stories, broken here in your No.1 source of Sunday scandal, completely true, but it goes deeper - much deeper.
"In previous weeks we've broken the news that Suzanne Sharp has been exposing herself naked for several years, in magazines and on the internet. Many have accused us of a witch hunt, and suggested that we were trying to destroy the career of one of our best-loved TV personalities. But today it becomes clear that the only person doing that is Mrs Sharp herself.
"We can now reveal that Suzanne Sharp has been regularly attending a seedy venue near her home, to take part in anonymous sex sessions with groups of strangers. Turn to page 3 for more."
Luckily Ruth by now understood Suzie's predilections, and did not seem at all surprised when her hand, as ever, found its way down her loose shorts. She turned the page and continued. Most of it was filled with a grid of four pictures, two of myself and my wife arriving at the adult cinema a few weeks earlier, and two as we left, with a timestamp showing we'd been inside for over three hours.
Of course, the pictures had been taken by Ruth, completely with our knowledge. So Suzanne had, predictably, ensured her coat had fallen open 'accidentally' in a couple of the pictures, revealing that on the way in she was sporting a sexy Basque, and on the way out she was completely naked under the coat.
The pictures we'd chosen left just enough to the imagination to ensure it could be published, but we'd been very careful to make sure it was undeniably my wife, and she was indubitably leaving without her clothes.
"Suzanne and her husband turned up at this notorious adult cinema, which is frequented by perverts looking for anonymous thrills, not long after 9 p.m. They were pictured leaving over three hours later. Tellingly, we can reveal that Mrs Sharp was NAKED underneath her coat when she left. So what had they been up to? Turn to page 33 for our four page spread on what is the scandal of the century!"
Ruth looked up at us, knowingly. This was the culmination of all she had planned. Suzanne's reaction, in particular, told her it was going well.
"Go on!" she groaned, hand still working away between her legs. Ruth did as she was told, and turned to page thirty three.
"The headline is 'Here is the Nudes!" she giggled. "And there's a topless picture of you here, look." She turned the page and I recognised the picture straight away. It was one, as they all were, that I had taken. My wife with her hands on her knees, very obviously naked, with her breasts squeezed together attractively between her arms. She was pouting at the camera in a kissing gesture.
Ruth continued reading.
"Today the NOTW can lay to rest all of the rumours and conjecture about the famous Suzanne Sharp. The five-time UK TV awards winner, multiple nominee, and who is undisputedly the face of UK current affairs programming, has been leading a secret life, where her and her husband's depraved sexual fantasies are lived out, on a weekly basis.
"Their secret trysts take place at a notorious spot where those looking for no-strings, anonymous encounters with strangers gather. We managed to arrange an exclusive interview with a gentleman who did not want to be named. We'll call him John. He's a regular at the adult cinema.
"The club has been going for years. Until recently it was hit and miss whether you'd see any action," he told us. "But just recently, within the last two or three months, there's been one regular girl who has arrived at 9 p.m. on the dot, and not left until closing time."
The action took place at a 'gloryhole', which is a seedy place where the target is tucked away in a cubicle, with several holes drilled in, just the right size for a man to push his manhood through. We asked John if he had any idea who was on the other side of the wall.
"Oh god, no. No idea. I still don't believe it, if I'm honest. You're telling me I've been having sex with one of the country's most desirable women for the past few months, it's a lot to take in.
But I'll tell you this much. Once it became clear this little strumpet wasn't just visiting on a whim, and was coming back every week, the club started getting much busier. She was, she is, amazing."
John went on to describe just what Mrs Sharp liked to get up to, in detail much too explicit for a family newspaper. But suffice to say that she made every effort to ensure all the men who attended did not go unsatisfied, using all of the tools at her disposal.
We asked John just how many encounters Mrs Sharp had enjoyed that he was aware of.
"It's hard to be sure, but I think she's been along ten or eleven times. And each time there's been no less than eight guys for her, one week it was over twenty! So by my count, well, it's comfortably into the hundreds!"
We asked a representative of Mrs Sharp to comment but not surprisingly have not received a response. But one of her assistants, Tristan Warburton, who worked under her when she was presenting the news, said he had noticed a change in her behaviour recently. Tristan is only just eighteen.
"She used to be really professional, but just recently she started letting me into her dressing room, when she wasn't covered up, you know? I thought it was a mistake at first, but it carried on until she was just sitting and chatting to me in her bra and panties, nothing else, like it was the most normal thing in the world."
"This behaviour is not at all what we'd expect from an icon of our screens. And we think it makes the other rumours which have been circulating, that Suzanne Sharp has been flooding the internet with naughty pictures of herself, all the while making a stand against such material, all the more likely to be true."
"In fact, until a denial is received, we will assume that pictures such as those on the next two pages are unequivocally featuring Suzanne Sharp."
The pictures were good ones. Of course, the really graphic ones couldn't be featured in a newspaper, but they did give a very good impression, with the assistance of some black stars and obfuscations, of the sort of material which was freely available featuring my wife, should you have the inclination to look.
Suzanne was dressed in her shorts, a t-shirt and some little white ankle socks. She got up and moved close to the window. The net curtains allowed us to see out without anyone being able to see in.
"Jesus. Look what I've done!" she murmured. I joined her. The police had arrived, and pushed any trespassers back to the end of the drive. But there were literally hundreds, possibly even thousands of people in the street, all eyes constantly referring back to our house, hoping to catch a glimpse of my wife.
Many of them carried a copy of the newspaper, and many opened it up repeatedly, passing copies around to confirm the unbelievable news they'd just heard.
I looked at Suzanne, who was more than flushed. She was scarlet, her cheeks in particular. Her chest was also red and blotchy, and her breathing was fast - she was almost panting. She flinched, then melted as I put my arm around her.
"Are you OK?" I wondered. I also wondered whether I was OK. It wasn't just Suzanne Sharp who had been outed, her husband was obviously very much part of this too. I'd resorted to simply turning my phone off, as anyone who knew me was calling and messaging me. It had all become scarily real.
"I don't think I've ever felt this much alive," Suzanne gasped, still taking in the impact her behaviour was having on the world.
My hand slid down to her beautiful firm bottom and I pulled her close and kissed her deeply.
"Get a room!" Ruth smirked. This snapped us both back to reality a bit.
"Fucking hell," I said, still gazing through the curtains at the scrum which showed no sign of going anywhere. "I'd like to go out, but I really can't face it."
"Sorry, Rich, I never thought about the reality of it all, certainly not that it might affect you, anyway. But it's so real now, and it is so, so hot." The redness, the heavy breathing, I'd wondered if my wife had bitten off more than she could chew.
But she was not out of her depth. She was absorbing the realisation that it was now no longer a dream. She was now the talk of the nation, one of the most famous people in the country, suddenly revealed to be the type of woman who hungered for anonymous sex, and who enjoyed being exposed as such to the world.
Put simply, Suzanne Sharp was no longer a TV star, that ship had sailed. She would now only ever be known as a former star turned slut. Which was exactly her plan.
"I'm going to the shops. What do you need?" Ruth was putting her coat on. "I know it's probably not practical for either of you to try going out just now." We did need some essentials, milk, bread etc. Ruth made a list.
"Oh and beer, alcohol," I called after her as she made for the door. "Lots of it."
As the door opened we watched the area beyond the drive suddenly transform into a seething mass of limbs, cameras, pushing and shoving. Ruth only just made it to the car before a few intrepid members of the crowd managed to flank the police officers who still guarded the drive. Questions were shouted at her from every angle, and camera flashes blinded her.
The police managed to clear a path and she left, with most realising that she was not a person of interest, not one they'd heard of anyway, and resuming their focus on our front window where we were still observing proceedings from a safe distance.
Ruth's presence hadn't restricted us in any way, but nevertheless I felt it would be a good time to talk, just the two of us.
"So," I began. "What are we going..."
"Just fuck me, Rich," Suzie was on the couch, her shorts were on the floor and she'd pulled her t-shirt up to reveal her breasts, still red and a little blotchy from the flush of excitement of the day. Her nipples were like iron.
I did as I was told, I'd been harbouring a sense of arousal, but hadn't been sure where it was going. As I approached Suzie and began to kiss her neck and nibble her ears, I realised the situation Suzanne had manufactured for herself - for both of us - had lifted my wife to a whole new plateau of arousal. And it was dragging me along for the ride.
"Fucking hell, Rich. Every fucking newspaper is out there, desperate for a glimpse of Suzanne Sharp, the slut, the fucking whore," she hissed, nails digging into my back as she pulled me towards her.
"Everyone I've ever met, ever worked with, walked past in the street. Everyone. Everyone has seen me naked, has seen me fucking. Oh Christ!"
Suzanne was pretty much always wet. Foreplay was fun, but never necessary to get either of us in the mood. My wife had always enjoyed just getting down to it, straight into the fucking. I was used to sliding into her with little resistance. But this was different. Juice literally spilled from her as my cock displaced it, slamming right to the hilt in one thrust.
"Fuck me!" I exclaimed. "Someone's horny!"
We fucked a few yards from the net curtains. Whichever position we ended up in, her eyes were glued to the scenes outside. The crowd continued to grow, every one of them hoping for a glimpse of my slut wife. Suzanne grabbed the remote control and put the TV on. It was just showing a clip of Ruth pulling out of our drive, and the crowds being parted to let her through.
For some reason, my arousal reached a state of equilibrium, and I was able to settle into a rhythm. It had been some time since I'd managed this. We'd been on such a constant and depraved road to this point, every time we'd fucked I'd been clinging on from the first stroke, and had barely managed to keep going for longer than three or four minutes before it all got too much.
I found it bizarre that I'd somehow managed to train myself to hold back today of all days. I did harbour a small sense of foreboding of what the coming weeks and months would turn out like, which I guessed was the reason I hadn't immediately ejaculated inside Suzanne as soon as I'd entered her.
This little voice of misgiving was mostly drowned out by the roar of appreciation at my wife's unveiling, but it proved an effective counterweight to my arousal, and meant, for the first time in a long time, I felt almost able to satisfy my wife on my own. Almost.
Suzanne had gone the other way. There was no counterweight for her, nothing stopping the total wantonness, unrestrained need to feel a physical representation of the thoughts that were washing over the nation.
We continued to fuck, and the TV news returned from an ad break.
"And now back to our main story." I recognised Anne Barker, a long-time peer of Suzanne's. She was of a similar age, similar profile, but, in all honesty, had worked in my wife's shadow - a sort of second-rate Suzanne Sharp. She worked on the cable news station, whereas Suzanne had always worked for a much larger audience.
She was a well-qualified and experienced presenter, just not quite on Suzanne's level. She was also not quite as attractive as my wife.
"She's going to be loving this," I commented, still banging into Suzanne from behind, her bracing herself with the back of the couch, both of us watching TV as we fucked.
The sight of her rival pushed her up another level. She'd been blissfully floating in a low-key orgasm, as far as I could tell, from the first minute I'd slid into her. Now her fingers found their way between her legs and she raised the stakes, groaning at such a volume that I wondered whether our uninvited guests at the end of the drive might hear.
"Not as ... much as I am," Suzanne gasped.
"In what has been described as the scandal of the century, Suzanne Sharp, the presenter of the Nine-O-Clock news, and respected interviewer of almost all of our major political figures, was today revealed in a Sunday tabloid as enjoying illicit sexual liaisons with strangers.
"We must stress that there has been no comment from Mrs Sharp or any of her representatives on this matter. But many are saying that the silence is almost as incriminating as an admission.
"As the news broke this morning crowds began gathering outside Mrs Sharp's residence in a quiet London suburb. We now go live to Nita Patel, who is amongst those crowds."
"I remember Nita!" I recalled. "She was at the same table as us, at Mike's leaving party last year, right?"
"Yeah," Suzanne confirmed. She was entranced by what was going on, and it wasn't a good time to talk.
On the screen, the pretty face of Nita Patel smiled out from a scene with our house in the background. I looked through the net curtains and, at the edge of the crowd, could just make out her, holding her microphone up to her face.
"Thanks Anne"
"Has there been any sight of Mrs Sharp this morning?" Anne asked.
"No sign of Suzanne Sharp or her husband. There was, a short time ago, a woman who left the house and drove away, but as of now we have no identification on her. We believe that Mrs Sharp is in the building."
"I can see there are many people around. What's the general feeling here? Are people shocked? Intrigued? Why are so many of them here?"
"I think it's just the surprise of all of this, to be honest," Nita said. "I've spoken to many here. Some are neighbours, some have come from further afield. The common theme is that everyone is fascinated with this story."
"Is there any indication that Mrs Sharp intends to make a statement?"
"We've had nothing yet. But we'll keep waiting, and we'll be first if there are any developments."
"Thanks Nita," Anne turned away from the screen where Nita smiled her goodbyes, and back to the camera.
"I'm joined by Andrea Klitschko, who is Professor of human behaviour at Oxford university. Andrea, thanks for joining us."
"Thank you for inviting me," Andrea smiled. She was middle aged and quite good looking, with blonde hair pulled back into a ponytail. She wore large glasses and a smart, business-like suit with a knee length skirt.
"This story has taken everyone by surprise. I'm struggling to think of any parallels to be drawn elsewhere. Tell me, if the reports of Suzanne Sharp's behaviour are true, is this type of behaviour something you see frequently?"
"Well firstly, as you rightly say, there's been no confirmation that it is true. But it's not unheard of, no. What's particularly interesting in this case is the career path. You usually find that people with this predisposition naturally gravitate to a career which provides them an outlet for their desires."
"Like Sarah Clarke, for example?"
"Well, yes. And she's actually an exception - Sarah Clarke had previously pursued a respectable career, as a teacher, before going down the path which brought her into the public eye. But more commonly a woman with inclinations like those being alleged here might go into the pornography business, or perhaps escorting.
"This case is so surprising because, to my knowledge, there's never been someone with such a high profile have something like this revealed, when they are at the height of their fame."
"I agree, it's been a real shock to a lot of us who know Mrs Sharp personally."
Suzanne was reaching the peak of another orgasm, she was loving her character being dissected on live TV.
"There may well be others in similar or even higher profile positions who share the same propensity for this type of thing. But for them the consequences of discovery mean it would never be allowed to reach the public eye."
"So why has Mrs Sharp allowed this then?"
"That's a very interesting question. There are ways and means to keep things quiet. For this to happen, you have to say that someone has either been careless, unlucky or..."
"Or?"
"There is a certain character trait, which would usually be directly at odds with a career in the public eye - a respectable one, anyway. Some people simply crave exposure, experience intense heightened excitement at the knowledge that they are being observed. And this excitement can be compounded when they are observed partaking in activities which some may find distasteful or immoral."
"I think she's got you worked out!" I chuckled. I'd not changed pace and we'd been fucking in the same position for at least half an hour now. Suzanne still didn't want to talk, she was enjoying fucking in the knowledge that the world was revelling in her fall from grace.
"You mentioned Sarah Clarke," Anne Barker continued. "Obviously she has had an enormous impact on our society. Do you attribute any of this to the shift in our moral compass, as a nation, after everything she's done?"
"Oh I think there's no doubt. Over ten percent of the adult public now regularly watch hardcore sex on one of our main channels each week. The climate has changed enormously, so perhaps we'll see more of this sort of thing in future, perhaps Sarah Clarke has opened the door."
"I'm being told we have some activity back at Mrs Sharp's residence. Nita, what's happening?"
We already knew what it was. Ruth had returned, and somehow the police had cleared a path. She was smiling at the cameras, and ignoring any questions which were flying in from all directions. I pulled out of Suzanne and began to pull up my pants.
"Don't stop," Suzanne hissed, urgently. "Ruth won't mind!"
"OK, if you're sure..." I was enjoying my marathon session, and found the thought of being discovered fucking not at all unappealing.
"Oh, hello!" Ruth was struggling with several bags.
"I'd give you a hand, but I'm a little busy," I explained, continuing to pump into my beautiful wife as she demanded.
"So I see, don't mind me!" Ruth grinned. Suzanne had said she was a character. After everything she'd seen and done over the past few weeks, I shouldn't have been surprised that she'd be so unfazed at us having sex in front of her.
"Rich is setting some sort of record here, Suzie giggled. She'd come down a bit, now that her focus on the country's opinion of her had been broken. "Must be nearly an hour!"
Ruth merely smiled and began unpacking the shopping, leaving us to fuck as if it was the most normal thing in the world.
The presence of Ruth made things immediately more intense - my controlled, steady rhythm accelerated as the urgency raised back into my thrusts. Suzie enjoyed the change of pace and, recognising things were coming to a conclusion, began to work her clit more firmly, matching my arousal as we both approached what proved to be a climax which left us paralysed for a few minutes.
It was the most overwhelming orgasm I'd ever experienced, and I wondered what had triggered it - the events leading up to today, where Ruth had drip-fed the stories, getting more and more unlikely and outrageous, but ultimately proving, it seemed, to be true. The fact that we had an audience probably contributed too, Ruth was sitting silently on the chair in the corner and watching on with interest.
Suzanne went straight upstairs, leaving Ruth and I to make small talk as I cleaned my cock of my wife's soaking cunt juice and the sperm which I'd just flooded her with. The news on the TV still returned to scenes outside occasionally, and we watched with interest as they continued to speculate. Suzie came back downstairs. She was fully dressed in tight jeans and a white t-shirt. She took a deep breath.
"I'm going to give a statement."
I sat with Ruth and watched on our big TV with one eye, and with the other could see the same scene on our doorstep, through the curtains, albeit about ten seconds ahead of the broadcast. Suzanne had arranged for Nita Patel to be allowed through the cordon.
"Well. Mrs Sharp,"
"Call me Suzanne, please, you've known me long enough."
"Suzanne," Nita continued. "I don't quite know where to start."
"I'll make it easy for you," Suzanne smiled at her interviewer. "God knows I know exactly what you are going to ask. I'm not going to go into a great deal of detail right now. If I did, I'm not sure you'd be allowed to broadcast it.
"Firstly, Yes. It is true. It's all true, what's been printed this morning. For the past few months I have visited the premises just as they have reported, and, whilst there, I have had sex with large numbers of men. I did it because I found the idea extremely attractive and arousing.
If Nita did have any questions, they were redundant now thanks to those frank and to the point sentences. She simply held the microphone to Suzanne's mouth as my wife continued, having to raise her voice slightly as the murmur of the crowd had turned into a roar as decorum disappeared and questions were shouted at her from every direction She maintained focus, a skill honed over so many years in the spotlight, and continued.
"Secondly, it is also true that I secretly posted large amounts of media on the internet, pictures and videos of myself, under the guise of fake pornography. I have mixed feelings about this. I have absolutely no regrets about doing it from my own perspective. However I am very aware that 'Support for Revenge Porn Victims', SRPV, made me a figurehead of their campaign for some time.
"The fact that I continued to front their campaign to introduce laws outlawing the publishing of fake porn, whilst simultaneously publishing my own material, giving the impression it was also fake, was duplicitous and disrespectful to SRPV at best.
"I would like to point out that I strongly believe that posting this type of material depicting a woman - or anyone - against their will is something that I believe is wrong and I have no problem with the practice being illegal. My own opinion of material people posted of me is irrelevant. The key here is consent.
"I very much consent and enjoy the material depicting me personally being in the public eye. I realise this is unexpected and perhaps unprecedented for someone in my position. I also want to stress that nothing I have done has been under coercion, persuasion, blackmail or bribery as I have seen suggested. I have a very loving and supporting husband, and we are very happy.
"I'm very comfortable with my life and where I am right now. I have had a career where I've been unable to fully express myself and be who I really am. I am looking forward to this changing, and having opportunities which, until now, would not have been available to me.
"Finally, I'd just like to ask if we could be granted a little privacy. I understand why you are all here, and I hope you can understand what I'm saying. The fact that I'm making this statement, I hope, means that all of your questions are answered. Please do enjoy the material of me that's out there, and anything that may follow, but please also respect my space and my home.
Suzanne smiled and turned her head to the throng of photographers, allowing them various angles of her casually dressed, yet still stunning, form. Even on the TV I could see a hint of a flush still on her chest, and her cheeks were rosy - both signs of an arousal which even the intense orgasms she'd had, one running into another all morning, had not quenched.
It was also very obvious, and was noted on the various social media platforms as this bombshell statement was discussed and dissected, that she was braless under her tight t-shirt and her nipples appeared to be straining to escape.
After her statement making it clear that the famous Suzanne Sharp was indeed 'that sort of girl', as one of the papers so succinctly put it, a considerable number of those who had camped outside our house decided to move on. Either due to their questions being answered, or in response to her request for a little privacy, the numbers of curious faces hanging around dwindled significantly.
We had always harboured a desire for a change of scenery, the only thing keeping us in this region being Suzanne's job. So we began to plan for a move. Suzanne's cover was very much blown here, even those who had not realised who occupied the nondescript house on the corner could not fail to know now, such had the chaos been since the big reveal.
Suzanne's sex drive, already a thing of wonder, continued on the same trajectory. She spent the following week enjoying the endless analysis, commentary and comments on her behaviour. She'd also not had her weekly visit to the gloryhole, so was suffering some cock withdrawal symptoms.
I'd always thought myself lucky that my wife was such a sexual person and was, even before all this, always ready to fuck. But now she was simply insatiable, and, despite my best efforts, I had no hope of even slowing her down.
After a housebound week, when we had more sex than many couples manage in a year, the weekend had rolled around again. Suzanne had been fantasising about this all week, Ruth had spent the time working her magic and there was another big exclusive to be run on Sunday morning.
Ruth had been to visit Dave and Keith, and had assured them that it was now, after all, OK to tell all about their encounter a few months back. Not only that, but later that evening the many hours of footage from that session, depicting in explicit detail exactly what my wife had done with these boys, albeit under the thin disguise of a stocking over her face, would be made available online.
Suzie had, which I hadn't thought possible, turned up the arousal another notch. She was craving attention, craving the feeling of many hands on her body, many cocks rock hard for her. This was a reminder of what had been her favourite experience to date, and she'd been looking forward to it like a child waiting for Christmas.
The article was to be made available online, but we wanted the paper copy, there was something so much more real about seeing it there in black and white. Ruth was busy elsewhere this week, so I made the trip to a shop a little further away from home than I'd usually visit, and bought a couple of copies of the 'News of the World'.
"Our dirty day with Slut Suzie!" was the banner on the front page. Following last week's admission from her own mouth, there was no need for the papers to fear Suzanne's litigious wrath. My wife was pretty much the dictionary definition of a slut. She herself loved the description. I sat down and read the article to my wife who loved hearing the descriptions of her behaviour out loud. The headline hovered over a photo of Suzie's two young lovers, pictured in the very street where we'd met.
"Dave and Keith were both virgins until they met the now notorious man-eater, former darling of the TV news Suzanne Sharp. Turn to page 33 for our exclusive interview with these boys who joined the long list of men to have experienced the physical pleasures of the former TV presenter turned man-hungry sex addict.
"Notorious man eater?" Suzanne said, sounding impressed, as I flicked to page thirty-three. "Here we go."
"Dave and Keith, both just eighteen years old, were on their way to meet friends when they bumped into someone who changed their young lives. Suzanne Sharp had already spent the evening entertaining men at the local adult cinema, her husband Richard watching on as she invited anyone who was inclined to sample her famous body - albeit concealed in a seedy booth.
"There was no anonymity in her next meeting that night. Dave described how they met.
"We couldn't ****Ing believe it! We were just walking onto the main street and there she was. It was like a double shock. First thing, she was pretty much naked. She was wearing stockings and suspenders, long black boots, and this top which didn't even cover her t**s. And nothing covering up her p***y at all."
Keith jumped in at this point:
"And it was pretty obvious what she'd spent the night doing. She was covered in..."
We've had to censor this, but for those with a good imagination, there was a lot of physical evidence of Mrs Sharp's meeting with so many men upon her person.
"We just stood there for a minute. You don't see this every day. She was stunning looking. But then all of a sudden we realise who it is, and we're just speechless."
"Mrs Sharp had clearly not had enough male attention that night, as she invited the boys into a secluded back lane whereupon she gave each of them oral sex. And all the way through, her husband Richard was recording footage of his wife's depraved behaviour.
"But even this wasn't enough for this insatiable star of our screens, who has fallen from grace so spectacularly. Keith explains:
"So even before she'd got a mouthful from both of us, so to speak, she'd already said, as a deal for us not saying anything, we could meet up the next day and do the job properly. So we met up the next day, she booked a hotel room."
"Most of what Dave and Keith went on to tell us we cannot print in a family newspaper. But let us just say that Mrs Sharp clearly had a lot more than just buying these two boys' silence in mind. Over the course of several hours both men, and her husband, had sex with Mrs Sharp.
"You might think that three men would be more than enough for one woman. But having coaxed each man to completion she then went on to do it again. And again. During a marathon session which lasted more than seven hours, Suzanne Sharp:
Gave the young men a graphic description of the sex acts she enjoyed at the 'Gloryhole' with so many strangers.
Invited each man to have full, unprotected sex with her, repeatedly,
Took obvious delight in taking both boy's virginity,
Changed outfits more than once, to keep them aroused,
Kept both boys entertained at once for hours on end,
Posed in explicitly revealing positions and encouraged them to take pictures and video and show their friends, with only a thin stocking hiding her face.
Encouraged them to remember their time with her, and to masturbate over her, when they saw her on TV
"Keith and Dave were kind enough to provide us with the footage they have from the day. There is not much of it which we can print, but there are some examples on the following pages. Mrs Sharp concealed her identity in a crude manner by pulling a stocking over her face, with only a hole torn out to give access to her mouth. But we think it's very clear that this is Suzanne Sharp.
On the centre spread were various pictures of my wife. There had been a lot of cropping and obfuscation necessary to even print what they had, but Suzanne loved it. As ever, she had started to masturbate gently as I read back the reports of her blatant and now very public infidelity.
I spread the paper out on the coffee table. I recognised my wife's breasts, which, as it was pretty much all they could show, graced every frame. Nearly all of the pictures, had they remained uncropped, would have revealed one man or other enjoying the superb fucking she gave us all that day.
"If only they could see everything you did," I pondered.
"Well they can see all of the pictures from that day, all the ones the boys took. Look."
At the bottom left of the centre page was a bold advertisement:
"Although we can't print the material in full here, all of the pictures and some videos from that day are available to view, free of charge, on our website. Just use the link below, and verify your age by creating an account."
Of course, this whole thing, from the boys suddenly appearing with their story, to the publication of the pictures and videos they took that day, had been manufactured and managed by Ruth at Suzanne's behest. I created a login and cast my phone to the TV. We sat on the couch to watch what was now freely available to the world.
Although her face was concealed, the footage was incredible. And, once armed with the knowledge that this was the famous Suzanne Sharp, it actually seemed pretty obvious. Her mannerisms, her voice, even her distorted features, squashed as they were with the stocking over her face - it was clearly her.
We found ourselves in a position where we could both view the screen whilst having sex, Suzie sitting on my cock facing the TV and moving gently as she continued to play with herself. We stayed like this for the hour or so it took to look through all of the pictures and video material.
We started by going through about a hundred pictures of Suzanne posing for the boys, firstly leaving something to the imagination, but finishing with fingers, tongues and cocks inside her. The video footage was even hotter. There was first-person footage from both boys as they made use of Suzanne's mouth and pussy.
The hottest part was hearing her famous voice instructing them and encouraging them, making it clear they could do whatever they wanted to her. The view from their perspective of my wife opening her mouth wide and telling them to wank into it, then me adding my own contribution, whilst she pushed that wine bottle deep inside the cunt which had received so much sperm itself that day, was mind blowing.
I couldn't hold back, and started shuddering as I came inside Suzie, who took this as her cue to release another intense orgasm of her own.
As the day wore on and the country woke up, we became aware that the footage we'd enjoyed so much was being enjoyed by many others. The #SuzanneSharp hashtag went into overdrive as people began to post their comments on what she'd been up to. Her pictures and videos were reposted again and again. If you had adult material unfiltered, you couldn't fail to find her being fucked or sucking cock, just by typing her name into a web search.
We spent our afternoon and early evening reviewing the other footage we'd taken that day, this time featuring my wife unmasked and unhidden. This had led to more sex, and now we were on the couch in a post orgasmic bliss, watching Suzie still entertaining Dave and Keith on screen.
The question of 'what next' was hanging in the air. It felt very much like we'd been living in a small room, but a hitherto undiscovered door had just swung wide open and there was a universe of possibilities beyond. Suzanne, unsurprisingly, had her ideas.
"I've got a list. In no particular order, I'd like to make all of this public," she nodded at the screen, where she was fingering herself, the lubrication of the two boy's loads making a disgusting mess as she did so.
"I'd also like to see myself on the cover of a porn mag, up on the top shelf. I want everyone to see it, to buy it. I want to get fucked by a whole load of men, just like at the gloryhole, but with no hiding, with everyone seeing who I am, and what I love to do.
"And after last week, just talking about it a little bit on camera with Nita, that was so sexy, baring all on national TV as it were. Now I can't stop thinking about doing a proper 'tell all' interview. But properly no holds barred, graphic detail. So it probably wouldn't be with Nita..."
And so, just two weeks later, we were in London for the filming of a special edition of 'Sarah Clarke's Secrets'. It was really the inevitable destination for Suzie, a meeting with the most well-known whore in the country. There was no other platform where she'd be able to speak as frankly as she wanted to, and with such a wide audience to witness it.
The show usually went out on a Friday, but this extra edition was screened live on a Saturday. The network was the direct rival to the channel Suzanne had previously worked for, and it was quite a coup for them to be screening what would turn out to be the highest rated show of the year, featuring the spectacular, totally deliberate and self-inflicted fall from grace of their previous untouchable figurehead.
Suzanne's appearance had been built up in the newspapers and online since it was announced. Sarah Clarke, as beautiful as ever, introduced proceedings.
"Well, it's finally here. The show we've all been waiting for." There was an eruption of rapturous applause. Sarah motioned to the crowd to simmer down, and turned to face another camera.
"In case you've been hiding under a rock for the last month or two, I'll give you a recap of what we're doing tonight. I'm sure you've all heard of Suzanne Sharp..." again a roar went up, and Sarah waited patiently until she could continue.
"Suzanne was, I should say, is, one the finest presenters this country has ever produced. She started off in children's TV, and has fronted light entertainment, motoring, the national lottery draw, current affairs, even the world renowned Nine O' Clock news, over on that other channel.
"So it was a shock to many, and a very pleasurable surprise to others when we started to hear rumours that Mrs Sharp might have some, shall we say, unconventional sexual preferences. Oh, who am I kidding - if everything we have heard is true, and Suzanne herself told us that it was just the other week, the country's cherished Suzanne Sharp is... it just sounds so wrong, but it's true - Suzanne Sharp is a slut!"
Again the audience roared. Sarah's audience very loudly approved.
"Our audience normally numbers around one or two hundred. Interest has been enormous in tonight's show from the members of my website - we honestly could have filled the Royal Albert Hall, if they would have had us. But all we could manage was the larger studio, which we've received gratefully for tonight's show, meaning there are just over five hundred of you here tonight..."
Again, a round of applause rang around the room.
"And now, to tell us all about what's been going on in her own words, please welcome, Suzanne Sharp!"
The lights dimmed and a spotlight fixed on the stage door, where my wife emerged, her famous hair glistening, and her white teeth bared. It was a scene which she'd repeated many times over her career, but never on a show like this.
She was wearing a long black dress, which hugged her in just the right places. It was just low cut enough to show enough breast to not be called indecent. The locket I'd bought her for our fifth wedding anniversary drew attention to her lovely chest.
I was in the wings, and Suzie gave me a little wave as she approached Sarah, who gave her a huge hug and kiss, before they settled down on a plush looking couch and chair.
"So, Mrs Sharp.."
"Suzanne, please," Suzie corrected her.
"Suzanne. Firstly, I can't thank you enough for agreeing to come on tonight. My ratings are already pretty good, but I can guarantee this will break all records."
"Thank you for having me. There was only one place to do this, once I decided it was what I needed to do. Your show is an inspiration."
"You have something you want to tell us?" The audience laughed.
"Well, I have had a few things going on in my life recently, you might say." Again the crowd laughed and clapped. "I've been reading a lot about myself. It's been really interesting to see just how much is completely made up - it makes you realise who the good journalists are."
"Indeed. As you can imagine, I've experienced a bit of that too, over the years. Is that why you decided to come on here - to tell your own story?"
"Exactly that. Even up until this show was announced I was still reading how everything had been a big mistake, that there's been a huge mistake. But once it got out that I was appearing on the Sarah Clarke show, well, that kind of changed all of that."
"I'm not renowned for my incisive political analysis," Sarah quipped. The audience laughed again.
"No, but you are very, very good at some other things," Suzanne smiled.
"Thanks. I have been told that." She paused as the crowd roared their approval. "So, first question. Let me put this in my own words, and you can correct me if I'm wrong, is that OK?"
A nod and a smile gave Sarah the go-ahead.
"So there you are, doing the news through the week, and your interview show at the weekend - and that is real incisive political analysis, by the way."
"Thank you," Suzanne beamed, flashing those perfect teeth again.
"You had a guest on the show talking about Deepfake pornography. From the research we've done, and by that I mean me catching Dan wanking over your pictures on the internet..." the camera switched to Sarah's husband Dan in the audience, who held his hand up, acknowledging the laughter that again echoed around the huge auditorium."
"From our research it seemed to be around that time when things started to change for you. Is that fair?"
"That's remarkably accurate, Sarah," Suzie complimented her host. "But going way back, I need to make it clear that this isn't new - I've always had these tendencies. Rich - my husband - would tell you the same. There's always been a battle between the Suzanne Sharp the world has known up to now, and the one that has made herself public in the past month."
"I know exactly what you mean." Sarah had had similar experiences, her half-hearted attempts to remain in her job as a teacher soon completely undone by the slut within who demanded to be noticed. "It crept up on me a bit, and it took meeting Dan to really help me understand who I was."
"I've always known, as long as I can remember. But I had a career in front of me, and, at that time, going down the path I'm treading now would have not been an option."
"I see. So you have battled against your true urges all of the time we've watched you on TV?
"Oh yes. Even when I was just starting out, we loved to send dirty pictures into the top-shelf magazines. I've been totally exposed, except for my face, many times."
"That is fun, isn't it? But that wasn't enough?"
"Nowhere near," Suzanne affirmed. "So yes, when I had that lady on the show, about the Deepfakes, it really did set my mind racing. And I'm not proud at all of what happened next. I know it makes me a massive hypocrite. But I just couldn't help it. It turned me on so much."
"Again, just to be clear, you are talking about your period as a figurehead for the SRPV group?"
"The Society for Revenge Porn Victims, yes. And I want to say one more time, anything I might be doing, or might have done, should not diminish those who have been exposed against their will - it's a pretty shitty thing to do to someone, and the perpetrators should be punished in law, obviously."
There was a polite ripple of applause.
"Indeed, and we echo those thoughts. Consent is everything. But you very much consented to those producing fake porn featuring your famous face?"
"Oh, I did. I really did. It was all a bit wrong; I know. But because I was at the forefront of the revenge porn campaign, I became a massive target for the people who produce the Deep Fake stuff."
"So at that time, this was all still fake material flooding the internet?"
"It was, yes. But I loved it. We'd..." she glanced in my direction hesitantly.
"Go on..."
"Sorry. It's force of habit - I've never sworn on TV before. Well, other than just now when I just said 'shitty'... We'd... fuck, looking through all the latest additions on those websites. And there were hundreds every week at first."
The audience had emitted a collective intake of breath at these words from my wife. Despite everything, hearing it coming from those famous lips was still a shock.
"At first. So this died off over time?"
"It did. The whole SRPV thing simmered down. So, I wasn't on the TV and in the papers as a target anymore. So, nobody was doing the fakes anymore. To be honest, there were so many out there by now, fakes of me doing any sex act you can imagine, the novelty would have worn off anyway."
"I'm just going to say at this point," Sarah interjected, "and I speak from experience - there's definitely a rocky road which, once you start going down, leads to you doing dirtier and dirtier stuff - it's never enough, once you start."
"I know, right? It's such a buzz, but then it's like 'OK, what's next?'" Sarah nodded knowingly.
"So what was next, for you?"
"Well... This was all my doing. I was sitting there, looking at all of this fake porn, featuring my own face. I loved it, of course, but nobody else was to know it at the time. Some of the fakes are so real, it was a struggle even for me to acknowledge I wasn't doing that stuff.
I felt, and I know this sounds weird, I felt jealous of my fake self, getting to do all this stuff that I dreamed about. And then it just hit me. If, somehow, some real material, some porn actually featuring me, was to be posted up on these sites, would anybody even notice?"
"I see. Sort of 'Can't see the woods for the trees?"
"Exactly. So that's what I did."
"That is pretty hot, Suzanne." Again, there was a pause to allow the audience to show their appreciation with a long ripple of applause. Suzanne smiled around the room, her perfect smile and glistening eyes shining out through the cameras to the watching world.
"And all of this time you were continuing to read the news?"
"I actually got that job around this time. And my Sunday morning politics show too. I was really busy, but I'm pretty good and compartmentalising. So I'd do my job, then get all dirty as soon as I got home. It worked well, for a while."
"For a while?"
"Yes. It's just like you said. The buzz would be so huge, you'd think you'd never need anything more. It was so hot. Rich would do these amazing 'Before Afters' he called them. Pictures. One side would be me reading the news or whatever. Then the other side..."
"We've got some examples of these, I think. If it's OK with you?"
"Oh, please do," Suzie smiled. They both turned to the huge screen behind them as the lights dimmed, and a slideshow of pictures began. I knew them all very well, having created them myself. But having them displayed on live TV like this was overwhelming. After about thirty seconds of my heart trying to escape my ribcage, I realised I hadn't breathed for a while. I also noticed my cock was bursting to escape my tight jeans.
Each picture had a similar theme. On the left, a famous picture of my wife, a screengrab from one of her shows,or one of her famous shampoo adverts. The theme being very much clothed. Mainstream and glamorous.
On the right, the 'real' Suzanne Sharp as the world was beginning to know her. Clothed in some slutty, outlandish outfit or other, or sometimes totally naked, she went through a repertoire of poses and sex acts.
Because this material was originally intended as a clandestine secret that only we two would know about, having our duplicitous ways displayed for such a huge audience was overwhelming.
The audience gazed up at the big screen in appreciation. I knew that in millions of living rooms these pictures would be filling the screen. At this point I felt as if I was watching a film or TV show, I felt totally detached from reality. This situation was just so unlikely, it couldn't be real.
Half the country was watching pictures of Suzie stripping off, sucking cock and getting fucked on national TV, just half an hour after her replacement on the Nine-O-Clock news, Nita Patel, ended her show for the evening. Each picture brought further murmurs, cheers and applause.
"That really is pretty hot. On the one hand there you are on the TV, butter wouldn't melt. And the whole time you and your hubby are filling up the internet with filth, and everyone just assumes it's all fake. It's actually genius."
The crowd evidently thought so too. It might have been for Suzie's clever way of secretly revealing herself to the world, or, more likely, the array of filth starring my wife which continued to appear on the big screen, but the audience broke into spontaneous applause whatever the reason.
Suzanne was outwardly blushing, but I recognised it as a flush of arousal. She was crossing her legs every minute or so, and I knew she'd be dripping wet at this exposure in the most public way possible. She, and her outrageous sexual desires, were being dissected in front of the country, and she was loving it.
The slideshow was over, and the lights went up, having dimmed slightly to allow for the best view of Suzanne Sharp's homemade porn.
"Phew! Well that was very sexy. I'm drawing a lot of parallels between your experience and what I got up to, when I was a teacher. We used to post dirty stuff on reddit, anonymously, on forums. And it got a bit dull after a while too. So I started posting my face. Dan told me not to, but it was so fucking hot, standing up in the classroom knowing that any day now I'd be found out.
"And that day I was outed, wow. The shame. It was so hot walking down the corridors knowing that every eye was on me, and everyone had seen me naked, or at least on the cover of that magazine, knowing what I'd be doing inside."
"Oh you're so right," Suzie agreed. "That's the biggest thrill, knowing that, one day, everyone is going to know, everyone is going to find out. And I must say, I'm so jealous. That one's on my bucket list, being on the cover of one of those magazines, up on the top shelf."
"Well don't forget I own Aphrodite magazine," Sarah reminded Suzanne. "So that is definitely something that can be arranged."
"Oh really? I'd forgotten that, I'd love it, yes please." Another cheer. "But being found out like that, so publicly, so blatantly. I read that your students were buying the magazine and bringing it into the college while you were still working there."
"Don't forget I'm interviewing you, Mrs Sharp," Sarah smiled, looking mock-sternly over her famous glasses. "My story is already out there. But yes, of course you can do a set for Aphrodite - in fact I think a special edition just for you is in order, what do you think?"
She turned to the audience who again roared their approval. Everyone agreed that a Suzanne Sharp special edition of Aphrodite magazine was a superb idea.
My mind drifted a little at this point, I remembered that the magazine was, since Sarah had bought the publisher, now a very hardcore publication, which generally featured one lucky girl being attended to by groups of men. My cock was throbbing uncontrollably.
"I think everyone would love that too. But we digress - we'll talk about that later. So, Richard your husband was posting those beautiful pictures, but you were saying you wanted more?"
"I did. It was hot, sure. But by this point there were so many fakes out there, it just wasn't the same. I was so horny, and every day it got worse. Poor Rich, he did his best, but I was just so wet and desperate for cock all of the time."
Suzie was feeling more relaxed, and I knew that she was in her element now, realising that her talking so blatantly dirty was a real novelty for the watching audience.
"So next was the real turning point for me - when I realised that this new life was worth much more to me now than my working, celebrity life. It was Rich who suggested it. He's heard about this adult cinema in town where there was a gloryhole. I knew straight away I'd be there the next chance I got. It was perfect. I could stay anonymous, and still get what I was needing."
"And what was that?" Sarah knew, as did all of the audience. She just wanted to hear the words from those famous lips again.
"Cock," Suzie smiled, simply. "I know you understand, and I'm sure a lot of the girls here tonight do too. I've always had a big appetite. But in the past year it's just spiralled out of control. The gloryhole was great - you just push a button wait a minute, then out pops a nice hard cock."
"How many did you get?"
"The first time I think it was seven or eight. But each week a few more turned up - soon I had three on the go the whole night, and never ran out."
"So how did you.. I mean do you just keep one in your mouth and one in each hand the whole time?"
"Oh, no - the holes were just the right distance apart so I could fuck one, and get one in my mouth."
There was still an audible murmur whenever Suzie uttered something filthy like this. The novelty would take some time to wear off.
"Oh, right, I thought you could only suck cock at the gloryhole - believe it or not I've never been to one!"
"No way! I've done something even the super-slut Sarah Clarke hasn't? I feel honoured. Yes, so for the few hours on a Saturday, I was fucked solidly the whole time I was there. As soon as one finishes, you just press the button and out pops another!"
"That does sound pretty hot!"
"Oh it was amazing. The only downside was, for obvious reasons, I had to cover all those beautiful cocks up with condoms - I was craving loads of cum inside me by then, I really was."
"And it looked like you got it, from those two young lads we saw in the papers the other week?
"Oh yes!" Suzanne visibly became more animated at the mention of the two virgins she'd enjoyed so much. "I don't think they knew what hit them! By this point I think I was just willing for the world to find out - it was just a matter of time before I was unmasked as the whore that I am. So that night after the gloryhole, someone had pinched my coat, and I was dressed up like a total whore, cum all over me, tits out, no knickers.
"I'm not even sure I knew it myself, but now I can recognise that I was hoping I would be spotted. And to bump into those two, Keith and Dave... I had them in the back lane with their cocks in my mouth in no time. And I made out that I agreed to fuck them to buy their silence, but I wanted it just as much as they did. And they were just perfect."
Even Sarah Clarke seemed slightly taken aback at this extremely explicit description of events.
"And you let them cum inside you?"
Suzanne nodded enthusiastically.
"I did, yes. I wasn't going to, but then they let on that both of them were virgins, bless them. So I just thought why not?"
"Why not indeed," Sarah agreed. "What a way to get your first fuck, with the most famous and beautiful ace on TV! And it looked like they managed more than once as well?"
"Oh they did, they were great," Suzie enthused. "I lost count how many times, but each of them came inside me at least twice. It was so fucking hot!"
Suzanne continued to describe how she'd changed outfit twice to keep the boys entertained, and how she'd pulled the stocking over her face so that they could take as many pictures and videos as they liked and show their friends, with her identity just hidden.
"This is all so weirdly familiar," Sarah laughed. "You were a bit more cautious than me, but I fucked so many of those young lads on my holidays, when I was still a teacher. And that was the biggest turn-on - seeing them all taking pictures, recording me in action, knowing they'd be showing their friends and wanking over it for years to come. So hot!"
There was now about twenty minutes left to go in the show. Everyone was surprised when Suzanne left the stage before the cut to a break. But Suzanne had a big surprise in store on her return. It had been Sarah's suggestion, she'd taken inspiration from a Japanese series she'd watched recently.
The Japanese had some crazy ideas when it came to porn. Suzanne Sharp was about to re-enact one of their craziest. Sarah hadn't hinted that tonight's show would be anything other than an interview, so the watching audience on TV must have been surprised when the Sarah Clarke's Secrets special episode returned from the break to find Suzanne Sharp sitting in a very familiar position.
"Good evening," came the very familiar voice of my wife. She was sitting in an identical position to that she had adopted for so many episodes of the famous Nine O' Clock news show on the other channel.
She'd somehow managed to get hold of a genuine news script. I later found out that it had been carefully curated to weed out anything that might be considered disrespectful or controversial during the following events. Talking of people dying or natural disasters wouldn't really mix with what was about to happen.
Suzanne began to read her script, which in the same way as had happened every night on the real show, ran across the camera she was looking into so confidently and expertly.
The first story was about a state visit to the country by the prime minister of the United Arab Emirates. About thirty seconds in, it became apparent what was happening. This was no ordinary news bulletin. As Suzanne continued to read, eyes still fixed on the camera, a thick load of cum shot from the cock of a man who had suddenly appeared alongside my wife, hitting her squarely on the cheek.
She'd been prepared for this, and continued to read as the second and third huge rope of semen splashed across her nose and shoulder.
"...and will be followed by the visit of the crown prince next year, in a further bid to cement relations between the two countries." Another man had appeared at Suzanne's left side, and he proceeded to add his own contribution to the famous newsreader, as she continued to read from her script, ignoring the two loads of cum which she now wore so beautifully.
The suggestion had been Sarah's, that of Suzanne Sharp re-enacting the slightly weird Japanese fetish of 'bukkake'ing a good looking news anchor as she tries to continue doing her job. Suzie and I had actually watched some of these back and we both found them both amusing and also surprisingly arousing. There was something strangely erotic about the newsreader continuing about her business of reading her script, whilst becoming gradually saturated with load after load which was dumped on her.
Suzanne's career history had seemed just too good to be true, there was no way she'd have turned this down, and it felt like a perfect way to unveil the true extent of Suzanne's new public persona. For her part, she was delighted to accept Sarah's proposal.
The audience was silent, in part because Sarah had ordered them to keep quiet, to try to keep the element of authenticity. But also, most of the male members of the audience were forming an orderly queue. As well as being party to Suzanne Sharp's on-air confession, each man who was lucky enough to receive a ticket to attend was also entitled to masturbate into my wife's beautiful and famous face.
The audience was, as was usually the case with Sarah's shows, mostly made up of couples. Very few wives or girlfriends appeared to have objected to their partner joining the queue to donate their sperm to the famous and beautiful newsreader. Indeed, many of them had joined Sarah and her regular girls, Juliet, Holly and Holly's mother Annette, as physical encouragement for all of the men who were eagerly awaiting their turn to contribute to this special occasion with my wife at the centre.
Sarah always offered up her holes to her audience at the end of a show. And tonight was no exception, as men surrounded her for a chance to slide into her famous cunt, or between those willing red lips. But tonight, rather than filling up or covering her stunningly sexy body, as soon as a man was reaching the point of no return, he was pushed in my wife's direction. Every drop of cum tonight was reserved for Suzanne Sharp.
As well as Sarah's regular girls, At least twenty women from the audience were following suit. Sarah had thoughtfully provided several leather massage tables, which allowed the girls to easily position themselves so they could contribute a very willing mouth and pussy for the eager guys.
And so a very steady stream of primed cocks made their way to Suzanne's side, where a small platform elevated them so that their cocks were just the right height to empty their loads easily onto my wife.
It was like a military operation. I've since wondered if there's ever been so many men brought to orgasm in one place so quickly. Sarah, inevitably, was the most popular fluffer, but I loved to see the unknown women who had so quickly and willingly offered themselves up for all of these cocks, enjoying the huge number of men on offer to them.
If the audience of five hundred was split fifty-fifty between men and women, that meant around two hundred and fifty men would be cumming over my lovely wife. Only five minutes in, Suzanne was already an absolute mess. I guessed by this point she'd already taken the sperm of at least fifty or sixty men. And she still continued to gamely read today's news.
After ten minutes, there was a very brief pause. She was unable to see the script on the teleprompter, as thick white cum had completely covered each eye. But she deftly scooped a handful from her forehead and eyes, before resuming.
"There are fears that inflation is spiralling out of control," she told the world, as two more cocks completely drained their balls over her gorgeous hair. At this point she was actually still contracted to one of the world's most prestigious hair-care companies. The product that was currently adorning her glossy brown hair wasn't the same as the one she held so alluringly and professionally on the billboard ads, some of which still lined the route to the studio when we'd driven here tonight.
And so it continued. My cock was ready to blow without any attention from the girls, much as I'd have liked to pay them a visit. Even though I'd cum into and over the beautiful Suzanne Sharp a thousand times before, she was the only destination for my cum tonight.
It is a strange feeling queuing up for your turn to ejaculate on a woman. But queuing up with a bunch of strangers, waiting for your chance to ejaculate on your own wife is amongst the strangest. I was about four back in the line waiting on Suzanne's left, with another line on her other side.
Occasionally someone jumped the queue and desperately made a dash so that they could ensure Suzanne received their sperm, unable to hold back. This was completely understandable, nobody wanted to see any cum end up anywhere but covering my whore wife.
Everyone in the queue had their eyes fixed on Suzanne, the locket I'd bought for our anniversary only just visible from beneath the gallons of semen she'd received. Her black dress was completely drenched. Sperm flowed down her neck and through her cleavage into her underwear. Her hair was sodden and bedraggled, every strand saturated with cum. Her eyes were completely bloodshot.
"Fuck me, I just can't believe this is Suzanne Sharp, that she'd really do this," one guy behind me was say, to nobody in particular. "So... fucking....dirty" He was pulling his cock hard. "Fucking cum loving whore, look at the fucking state of her!"
At this he rushed past me and pushed one guy who was still wiping his cock with Suzie's hair out of the way, and wildly shot several huge loads onto the top and side of her head.
Now it was my turn. Suzie was still, bless her, doing her best to read the news.
"And now, sport. Newcastle United today qualified for the European Champions League for the first time in twenty years." I began to fire my own contribution right into Suzanne's face and bloodshot eyes, causing her to lose her place for a moment. I had no time to appreciate my handiwork as I was pushed away by the owner of her next cock, coming up urgently from behind and only just making it, most of his first shot landing on Suzie's arm.
There were only five minutes left until the end of the show, and there were still around forty guys who hadn't had their turn. Sarah and the girls encouraged everyone to gather around. The news reading was forgotten - there was no chance that Suzie could see her script as she was suddenly surrounded.
A camera directly above her recorded the ensuring onslaught as four or five cocks were constantly unloading. They came at her from every angle. The back of her head and a small patch of hair which had somehow remained dry between her shoulder blades now received several loads to even out her coating.
With around a minute to go, Sarah, naked but for a red basque which she'd revealed just as she started her fluffing duties, appeared as the last cock squeezed its last drop, falling tamely into my wife's lap and joining a huge amount which had pooled there.
"We're out of time, but I know you'll have enjoyed that just as much as we all did. I think Suzanne Sharp's appearance tonight should put to rest any rumours, any misunderstandings. Look at her. If that isn't a one hundred percent slut, then I don't know what is. I'm sure we'll be seeing much more of her, not least an appearance in Aphrodite as promised."
Suzie was still sitting in her office-style chair, looking like she'd just been pulled out of a bath full of slimy cream. She smiled sweetly from beneath her covering and waved to the cameras, her experience still telling her exactly which camera would get the best shot. Cum hung from her cheekbones, chin, ears, anywhere it could gather. As she waved, large amounts of the audience member's sperm flew off her, sliding down her forearms and hanging from her elbows.
Sarah ran her index finger between Suzie's breast and under her chin, withdrawing with quite a handful of semen on her hand, which she drew up to her mouth and slurped up greedily.
"Mmmm, that's nice. I'm sure Suzanne doesn't begrudge me just a little taste of her prize tonight. Don't forget to tune in next Friday. I can't guarantee you a repeat of tonight, but there will be some amazing sex, as ever. Thanks for watching and see you next time!"
The audience, most naked or at least partially clothed, applauded as the camera moved away from the entrancing sight of the country's most famous newsreader, totally violated and assaulted with the cum of hundreds of strangers. And her smile told the story. She loved it.
Suzie was sitting, eyes slightly glazed over, as I approached. She jumped a bit as she realised who I was. She'd been the object of the whole studio's desires for the last twenty minutes or so. She'd been absolutely and completely revealed to the nation, to the world, as a total and utter whore, a slut who was very willing to have hundreds of men deposit their cum all over her once untouchable body. Now that body was clearly anyone's.
This was what she had been craving. Not just in the past few months, or since our marriage. Suzanne Sharp had, deep down, needed this for her whole life. She looked at me, hair stuck across her face in thick, cum-covered clumps. She looked more beautiful than I could ever remember.
She was breathing very deeply and very deliberately. Her red, bloodshot eyes contained a mixture of complete satisfaction, and yet intense longing.
"Dan," she breathed. "Oh, fucking hell, I've done it. Look at me! I've fucking done it!"
Sarah was alongside me now.
"Wow, Suzanne! I've done a lot of fucking filthy things on this show. But you? Wow! Even the biggest slut of a pornstar couldn't wear two hundred and fifty loads of cum as well as you do it. Congratulations!"
"Thanks," Suzie smiled, licking her lips clean of the sperm which continued to make its way down her body.
"You might not know this, but after every show, on a Friday at least, we've never done one on a Saturday, we usually have a bit of after-show fun. It's mostly for those poor guys," she gestured to the camera crew, and the sound guys with their microphones on long booms.
"They have to watch all this super horny stuff going on every week, so me and the girls usually give them a treat, once the cameras have finished rolling," she continued. "Sooo, I was wondering, how would you feel about..."
"Oh, thank god!" Suzie interrupted. "I've just lived out literally the most exciting, horny hour ever, that I've been waiting for my whole life. I've never been anything like as horny as I am right now. I was thinking poor Rich was going to have to try to cope with me on his own!"
"We're on boys! I do believe Suzanne Sharp is inviting you to fuck her - is that right Suzanne?"
Suzanne stood up.
"I can't think of anything I'd like more, but don't you think I should have a shower? Look at the state of me!"
It seemed that the crew on Sarah's show were experienced in dealing with a woman who was soaked in stranger's cum, and none seemed to care that to touch my wife was to touch the sperm of so many other men.
She was pushed roughly over one of the leather massage tables, and her cum-sodden black dress raised up unceremoniously, as one of the camera crew shoved his cock inside her from behind. Within a few seconds her mouth was full, as one of the sound guys dropped his mic and pushed himself urgently to the back of my wife's throat, causing her to gag for a second before she composed herself, allowing the cock right to the back of her throat, this stranger's balls squashing against her chin.
Soon Suzie's dress, which must have tripled in weight due to the sperm it had absorbed, was discarded. She stood, skin shiny and glistening with moisture and naked apart from some black, hold-up stockings, and invited anyone who wanted to fuck her over.
"Please, don't hold back. I am so fucking horny; I just need cock inside me. Fuck me, all of you!"
I sat back on the couch where my wife had been interviewed, where she'd stated just how much of a slut she was to the world. And now she was proving it, inviting anyone with a cock to fuck her cunt and her mouth, however they wanted her.
There are a surprising number of staff required to make a show like this work. From the crew, to the director, producer, assistants and even a warm-up man for the audience. And then there are the door staff, chaperones to check tickets, even cleaners. Sarah's husband Dan and Juliet's boyfriend, everyone with a cock made sure they did not miss out on this opportunity. It's not every day you get to fuck the most famous face on TV.
Suzanne was having her first orgasm even as the first cock took her by surprise. And it continued, constant mini-climaxes getting more and more powerful.
Anal sex was not something my wife did very often, but on an occasion such as this her asshole was as hungry as any other orifice. She was picked up, turned around, pushed onto her front, her side, even lifted up and turned upside down as cocks continued to be pushed into whichever hole became vacant next. There were constantly three cocks fucking her holes frantically.
All of the audience had ejaculated over Suzie, but the crew preferred to fill her up from the inside. She'd always enjoyed eating up cum, and she greedily accepted load after load as one or other of the crew reached their own climax, most lasting no more than a few minutes, so talented and sexy was my wife.
And whilst she was greedily drinking down the sperm from any cock which made its way between her lips, so her pussy and anus eagerly accepted load after load of cum as the men who had worked so hard to reveal Suzanne to the nation as a whore got the reward they deserved.
It was past 2am when the last of the crew fired his contribution to the many loads Suzanne had received inside her, the director, who looked like he should have retired years ago, he must have been nearly seventy, groaning loudly as he added a fifth or sixth load deep inside my wife's ass.
Looking back, this was the first time I saw real satisfaction in Suzanne's eyes since I could remember. It had taken two hundred and fifty strangers cumming all over her, followed by the entire audio and video crew, as well as all the building staff, but between them, they'd managed it.
At least until the next day. In the morning Suzanne was arranging, as invited by Sarah Clarke, a visit to the London studios of Aphrodite. This was very quickly set up, and practically every male porn star in the business accepted their invite, fucking my wife through a beautiful selection of outfits and locations over one hundred and twenty pages.
The day the magazine appeared on the top shelf was, in some ways, even better than the incredible fucking sessions which was portrayed on the pages within. Seeing herself on display there, with alluring descriptions of what she'd be getting up to on the pages inside, was something she'd dreamed and fantasised about since she could remember.
Only a few short months ago, this was destined to always remain a dream. But the whore within could not be suppressed, and she had won the battle. There was no going back now. The only question was, what next?