The next few days went more quickly than I had expected. I was kept busy with some cleaning and serving club members in the bar and canteen. The club was quite quiet midweek, especially in the summer as many members were away during the week.
I was surprised how quickly I adapted to my perpetual state of nudity. I had met all the people who worked at the club and got to meet quite a few members of the club. They all chatted politely, passing compliments and behaving like gentlemen, which somehow fitted the ambiance of the club. I was, by now, de-sensitized to them looking at my body and I had even started to respond to their looks by opening my legs a little and pushing my hips forward and chest out. I had also stopped keeping my legs together when bending over or squatting down. It was awkward anyway and deep down I had started to like the idea of men getting a glimpse of forbidden fruit. Maybe it was teasing but the men being so respectful encouraged me open my legs a little when bending over showing my pussy to the men behind me.
I had already established a work routine in the club. I took my lunch in the canteen, choosing times when the canteen was empty. This arrangement fitted in with my shift times as I may be required to serve lunches. When the members had left I would grab some food from the kitchen and take my break.
It was a warm and sunny Friday. I had just finished my lunch as normal and had just returned my empty plate to the kitchen when Rob, one of young men who worked in the kitchen came in.
"Hello Clare," he said excitedly.
I turned around as replied to him. I admit Rob was very handsome and being naked in front of him was, at first very embarrassing but as the week had passed I started to find it pleasurable.
"Oh are you leaving he?" He asked disappointedly seeing me taking my plate back.
"Er - no I'll keep you company if you like," I hastily replied.
Rob went to serving area and selected the chicken stroganoff. I went over and sat down and Rob joined me.
"Hi, err, so how's things going?" He inquired.
"Oh, I'm learning quickly, not too much difficult so far."
"No, I meant being naked," he said blushing slightly.
"I found it difficult at first but it sort of doesn't seem so big a deal as time has gone on."
"It must be so odd, being nude all day with all these men looking at you," he said trying to drag the conversation in the direction of my nakedness.
I felt a little bit mischievous and a bit flirtatious this lunchtime. Being naked and getting so much attention had given me newfound confidence and boldness never knew I had.
"Well, just between you and me," I said in a hushed voice. "I have an allergy to wearing clothes so this job is ideal for me."
He looked surprised.
"Wow really, that must be so difficult," he said with a surprised tone in his voice.
I started to laugh at his earnest reply. He looked up at me and smiled.
"Oh, joking, good one!" he exclaimed.
I felt relaxed chatting to Rob now despite my nervous start. I pushed my chair back a little and placed my left foot on the seat grabbing my knee as I did so. It was a casual, relaxed position but I knew my pussy was fully on display to him in this posture, especially as I lifted my right heel off the floor so I was pointing my foot and just my toes were touching the floor, allowing my legs to open more widely.
Rob looked down at my fully exposed pussy; he said nothing. I felt my heart quicken and my vagina twitch knowing he was looking at me. I felt simultaneously vulnerable and commanding. I was exposed and naked and Rob was getting full view of my most private areas yet deep down I felt I was controlling him, making him aroused. It awakened my submissive and attention craving feelings. It was also making me extremely aroused.
"So, how long have you been working here?" I asked, breaking the awkward silence.
"Two years," he replied looking up and making eye contact in an embarrassed fashion.
"You enjoy it?"
"It a job," he said distractedly.
"Have there been many other girls working here?"
He shrugged his shoulders. "Not really, there have been three or four women, older than you, who have worked here on a temporary basis. You are the only student they have had who has lived in."
"Oh I see," I said opening my legs even wider.
Robs eyes looked down again, I felt like I was directing him. My wet aroused pussy felt the air of the canteen caress it.
"I guess I must get back to cleaning," I said, to Rob's obvious disappointment.
As I left the canteen I thought about my journey. I had begun to comprehend an emergence of another form of my sexuality initiated by the dynamic of the club and my interaction with the men. The first step is getting used to being naked, the feeling of just walking around being naked and getting used to being seen. There are new tactile stimulations you feel as a result being completely nude all the time and they constantly excite and remind your unclothed state. You become adapted to this condition after a while, men look at you as you go about your business. Having to interact with so many members and male colleagues in the club you become adapted and used to the physical sensation of being naked around others.
The next step is a mental one; realizing the men like to look at you. You gain a feeling of being an object on display. The inhibitions of social norms about your body start to dissolve and you respond to the men's calm and gentlemanly pleasure that take from your body. The concept of being cheap, or rude or a slut is replaced with a feeling of being almost like a model; a muse for the gentlemen.
The final step is a change in your own body image and deep inner feelings. You shed you clothing but you can still be fully dressed. You put up a barrier of inhibitions and objections to your body being expressly for male aesthetic pleasure. There is a feeling of having completely no shame, maybe an animalistic basic instinct that begins to develop. Innocence is an odd word but one I think applies to this state. You feel as if you are a figurine for the gentleman's eyes and maybe also their hands; their pleasure is your pleasure.
As I worked that afternoon polishing the ornaments in the entrance hall I though more on how much I had changed. As men came and went from the club I said a polite 'hello' of 'good day sir.' I felt for the first time, at ease with being nude and talking to the gentlemen. It was a feeling I liked, a passive acceptance of how I should be within the club.
That evening I worked in the bar. It was quite busy and I was rushing around so didn't really have much time for interaction with gentlemen other than the odd few words in passing. Eventually people started disperse from the bar, either home or to the games room.
It was nearly the end of the shift when I saw Mr. Adams come in with three other gentlemen. I walked over to serve him.
"Hello Mr. Adams, what can I get for you this evening?" I enquired.
"Oh... the beautiful maid, your beauty is enough for me but I feel we should order four single malts, the Macallan please,"
The men all looked at me and for the first time all evening I felt very naked, very vulnerable and very aroused.
"Yes sir," I replied with a smile.
Mr. Scott poured the drinks and I took them back to the table.
"No ice tonight?" exclaimed Mr. Adams as I placed the drinks around the table.
"Yes, sir," I said as I placed a container of ice and a small jug of water on the table.
"No, I was joking last time you made your nipples hard with the ice cube when you served us,"
"Er... yes sir," I responded with butterflies fluttering in my stomach. As I spoke I glanced at the other men at the table, they examining my naked body. I quickly glanced around the bar. There were three other men in the bar but I felt things were going to happen and the game of anticipation was killing me.
I remembered the initiation of the more 'intimate' bar service from the other night. I had survived the experience and hopefully I would see it any tips at the end of the week. I said clearly and in the most polite tone I could muster. "I hope you are enjoying my body sirs."
Mr. Adams looked at me and smiled.
"You seem more confident than on Monday miss?"
"Yes sir," I replied in my most confident voice.
"Do you enjoy being naked?" He enquired, looking me in the eye.
"Well, I sort of have got used to it now," I replied.
"That wasn't my question," he quickly retorted.
I felt I was starting to blush. "I suppose I find it..."
"Weird," he said laughing.
I looked at him and blushed.
"You remembered our conversation," he said in an approving tone.
"Of course sir,"
"What else happened?" He continued.
"Er...I let you touch me, sir,"
"Just me?"
"Um, no sir you and your friends."
""What did we do?"
I could feel my whole body blushing by now. "You touched my chest and bottom sir."
"We did. Did we touch anything else?"
"No sir," I said getting more confused by his questioning.
"Well miss, your body looks delectable. I have noticed over the last couple of days you seem to be showing you body off more as you go about job, do you agree?"
"I guess so," I said slowly, considering my words carefully.
"Show us how you have been bending over."
I felt a mixture embarrassment and arousal. I knew exactly what he meant and what he expected. It was clear that I could not play games with Mr. Adams.
I turned around, opened my legs and bent over placing my hands on my legs and lifting my buttocks in the air.
"Spread your legs wider," came a firm command.
I was slightly taken aback by the tone of the command yet at the same time excited. My heart thumped loudly as I moved my legs wider and pushed my buttocks further up in the air so the strangers could examine my private areas.
"Stand over by the fire place and use your hands to pull your buttocks apart," came another command.
I stood up and without looking at the men, walked over to fireplace. I realized from here the whole room would get a view of me, not only Mr. Adam's friends. I wondered what the three other men sitting quietly around the bar enjoying a solitary drink and reading the Times would think of me. I bent over, spreading my legs and reaching behind and grabbing my buttocks. I pulled myself open, feeling shame and humiliation but also arousal. I knew all the men could see my most private region, I guessed they found it to their amusement. I held myself open for what seemed an eternity, thinking about what the men were thinking and also realizing that my boss, Mr. Scot would also be looking at me.
"Ok miss, thank you," Came a voice, ending my ordeal.
I stood up, releasing my hands from my bottom as I did so. I turned to face Mr. Adam's table, shamed by my displaying yet tingling with excitement and feelings awakening deep inside me. I felt different, not the normal me but somebody who got a weird kick from being in a passive role letting them order me to expose my vagina. I didn't want this game to end.
"Will that be all sirs?" I asked, excitedly.
To my relief but also frustration Mr. Adams said that will be all and maybe I should give the other guests some of my time. As I walked over to the other tables I felt extremely self-conscious. They had just witnessed me intimately exposing myself. I went around the tables inquiring if I could get them anything. The first two men said they were fine but the last one smiled.
"Lovely display," he proclaimed.
"Thank you sir, I am glad you enjoyed my body."
"May I touch you lovely bottom please?" He asked hopefully.
"Of course sir," I replied turning around.
I was facing and looking at Mr. Adams as the man caressed my buttocks. He looked at me and instead of diverting my gaze I looked at him, showing my new found confidence.
"Thank you,' said the man after a little while giving my bottom a gentle little smack.
"Thank you sir, I replied with a smile.
I went around the bar collecting empty glasses and took them back to bar. Mr. Scott smiled at me when I placed them on the counter.
"Very good Clare," he said.
I smiled at him.
"Looks like Mr. Adams may need another drink he said, looking in the direction of his table.
I walked over almost shaking with anticipation.
"Can I get your table anything sir?" I asked.
"May I touch your body?" He asked.
"Yes, sir, of course," I replied keeping my calm.
"Where am I permitted to touch?"
"Wherever sir," I replied too aroused to consider the consequences of my statement.
I moved closer to him and looked down awaiting instruction. He placed the tips of his fingers on my belly and moved them in circles getting lower. Soon his fingers were brushing my mons. I flinched slightly as I felt his fingers touch so low.
"Hold still, miss," he said firmly.
I concentrated hard, and held still.
"Open your legs a little."
I did as commanded and moved my feet further apart and pushed my hips forward.
"Good girl," he said.
His fingers moved over my mons and down my inner thigh, getting as close to my labia as possible without touching them. His fingers danced around my pussy, lower belly and inner thighs but skillfully did not touch. I could feel my vagina twitch every time his hand moved towards my pussy then relax as it moved away. Suddenly his hand stopped moving.
"Should I stop there?" he asked looking up at me.
"It is up to you sir," I said, trying to hide my intense arousal.
His hand slowly moved down and touched my labia. I resisted the temptation to move or squirm. Gently at first his fingers started stroking in between my legs. Then I felt his fingers part my lips, he gently stroked then stopped.
"You are wet," he announced.
I blushed and looked down at him but he was focused on my genitals. I felt his finger pushing against the entrance to my vagina; suddenly he slipped a finger inside. I gasped.
"Is that OK?" He asked, with a slight concern in his voice.
I paused for a moment, I felt a feeling of sexual intensity and desire to please and accommodate. I moved my legs wider inviting his fingering but said nothing. My unspoken commands let him slip his finger deeper inside me, I could sense him feeling the walls of my vagina and then deeper inside me. He started to slowly withdraw his finger. I relaxed momentarily but was taken aback when he slipped two fingers inside me. They appeared to slip in easily as he pushed them deep, exploring inside me. I had tried to advert all eye contact during Mr. Adam's examination. As his two fingers slipped inside me I could feel pressure from the base of his fingers on my clitoris. This was very intense and I gasped a little.
"She is deliciously wet and tight," he announced to his friends.
I found his words degrading, yet thrilling. I looked up to see the men intensely watching my degradation.
"Would anyone else like a feel?" Mr. Adams asked to my utter horror.
I felt like an object, which was at odds with my upbringing yet resonating with a deep submissive desire consuming my thoughts.
A man sitting around the opposite side of the table answered.
"I looks a beautiful little pussy, I would like to see more,"
My Adams slipped his fingers out and looked up at me. I paused for a few seconds then walked around the table and stood by the other gentleman. I adopted a position of open legs. He turned his chair around and faced me. Then moved his hands to my lips. With one hand he parted them, wide open and with his other hand he touched my clitoris with his fingertip. I flinched.
"Hold still," Mr. Adams commanded.
I breathed heavily as his finger brushed and rubbed my clitoris.
"Don't cum," I heard Mr. Adam's say in an authoritative voice.
I concentrated as best I could, lifting my heel off the floor and pushing my hips out to accommodate his stimulation of my clitoris. I was aware all the other men were watching and I was in a very open position with everything on display. I tried very hard to think of other things but the situation and his expert fingers playing with my clitoris were sending shockwaves through my body. I felt I was very wet and very red and my pussy no doubt was engorged with all the men looking at it.
Eventually he stopped.
"Very good," Mr. Adams exclaimed.
I breathed out, a sight of arousal and relief.
"Will that be all," I asked, trying to compose myself.
"It will, miss,"
I walked back to the bar, embarrassed and horny. I was made even more embarrassed to discover Rob had come into the bar area and had just witnessed what had gone on.
"Hi Claire," he said sheepishly.
I smiled at him and tried to pretend nothing had just happened.
"Long shift?" I asked.
"Yes, needed to prep some things up for tomorrow, we are one down in the kitchen tomorrow."
He looked embarrassed; he had obviously just witnessed what had just happened. I looked down to avoid eye contact and saw a huge bulge in his trousers. It made me feel part uncomfortable and part even more excited that he was so aroused. It felt a little awkward, I made an excuse and went back to the bar and asked Mr. Scott if I should help to clear up. He said it was fine and I could finish for the night.
I walked back to my room with a feeling of disgrace, what had I just let those men do? And in front of others watching and work colleagues! I wondered what I had become and why I had so quickly allowed myself to allow such things? I spend a night of disturbed sleep with thoughts running through my mind.