Category: BDSM
Tags; male submissive, female submissive Exhibitionist, catsuit, bondage, Viagra, spanking, anal, CBT. lesbian, voyeur
I apologize for the long delay since the last chapter. I am dealing with some health issues, making writing harder. However, I am still committed to writing this love story that contains lesbian, male submission, female domination, female submission, exhibitionist, erotic and BDSM themes. If you don't like these themes, please skip this story.
This story is a work of fiction. All the characters and events portrayed in this story are fictional. Any resemblance to actual people or incidents is purely coincidental.
Characters:
Bill, 65, Retired, Widower. Diane is his deceased wife. He has discovered that he likes being submissive.
Alison, 62, Single, Primary Care Doctor, and next-door Neighbor. Has been a close friend of Bill and his family for decades. She is a dominatrix.
Betty, 42, Single, Head nurse at Alison's practice. She is a switch who has served Alison for years.
Jenny (Eldest), Anne (Middle Child), and Randy - Bill and Diane's adult kids. They consider Alison their aunt. All are married with kids.
Samantha, 54, Widow. Alison's neighbor on the other side. She is discovering she is a submissive.
=======
Bill woke up to the sound of his shower running. He opened his eyes and saw a path of Alison's discarded stockings and garter belt from the bed to the bathroom door. He enjoyed sleeping with her wearing just the stockings and garter belt. She looked so sensual wearing just them. He decided to follow these breadcrumbs to see where they led. Well, actually, his dick decided that.
Diane had remodeled their bathroom after seeing Alison's. It now featured a shower almost as oversized as Alison's. Bill could see Alison through the glass, applying body wash. He decided she needed help. His help was eagerly accepted.
After he washed her body, Alison said, "I need to clean your cock." She got on her knees, and her mouth swallowed his cock.
He was already aroused, and her tongue's action on his cock, sent him higher. The feeling of her tongue exploring the entirety of his cock was erotic. She pulled out, and her tongue made circles on his cock's tip. She would then swallow his dick before pulling back and teasing the end of his dick with his tongue. She repeated the pattern over and over. Bill's moans grew in proportion to his arousal. The sight of Alison sucking his cock, while the water cascaded down her body, streaming from the ends of her silver gray hair across her breasts, caused him to pop quickly. He expected her to pull away as he shot his load, but she swallowed it all.
She looked up at him and said, "That's first breakfast. What's for second breakfast?"
They both laughed at the reference to 'The Fellowship of the Ring.'
They toweled each other off. Alison wrapped a towel around her wet hair. She grabbed his hand and said, "Let's delay putting on clothes until after breakfast."
"That's fine with me. It will improve the view."
While Howard made some oatmeal, Alison cleaned up the table from last night's dinner.
Bill remarked, "You know, Alison. It seems so natural to be doing domestic things with you while nude. I could get used to this."
She walked over to him, put one hand on the side of his face, gazed into his eyes, and said, "I already am used to this. I like how you look without clothes."
The weather was perfect that morning, so they decided to eat outside.
They sipped their coffee and ate their oatmeal, seated next to each other at Bill's patio table. Alison's left hand never left his cock. He kept his right hand over her pussy and ate with his left hand. By the time they had finished, Alison was moaning heavily.
Alison asked, "Bill, what are some of your other female domination fantasies?"
Bill let out a long breath. "This is so weird knowing that you can make these secret fantasies of mine real. One theme I go to regularly is two dominatrixes using me and maybe another woman. I get suspended from my arms. I get flogged and lightly whipped, and so does the submissive woman. Then I'm pegged by one of the dominatrixes while fucking the sub-woman, whom the second dominatrix is pegging."
Bill giggled, "I have many, very complicated fantasies."
Alison smiled, "I think I might be able to make that happen someday. Have you ever had a fantasy that you were dressed as a female maid serving others?"
Bill blushed, "God, how do you know these things?"
"Bill, I have been in this world for longer than I have known you. There isn't much I have not seen or heard about."
"Well, the answer is yes, but I am always serving females."
"Never males?"
"I'm straight. Submitting to a guy is not a turn-on for me, but I see nothing wrong with it. I think what Lin-Manuel Miranda said at the Tony awards sums it up for me when he said; Love is Love is Love is Love is Love is Love is Love. I believe that it is nobody else's business whom you love."
"Have you tried homosexual sex?"
"No."
"Why not?"
"I don't know. I just haven't."
"You should try everything. You never know. I'd hate it if you discovered you only wanted gay sex. I'd miss these times together." She squeezed Bill's dick, and he let out a yelp.
"Alison, there is not a chance of that happening. You are fulfilling one of my oldest fantasies. I love serving you".
Bill got off his seat and dropped between her legs. He started at her knees and kissed his way toward her vulva, alternating between her legs. When he reached his goal, he sucked and kissed his way around her labia lips.
Samantha had just gotten up when she noticed her two naked neighbors eating breakfast on Bill's patio. She rubbed her clit as she watched them move from eating oatmeal to Bill eating Alison. She stayed back from the window so she would not be easily seen.
It was clear when Alison climaxed. Samantha readily observed her orgasmic gyrations. Samantha fantasized about being commanded to pleasure both Alison and Bill after she had been tied up and spanked by them. She resolved to spend more time on the computer today to find more female submissive porn. She came soon after her resolution.
Meanwhile, after Alison's orgasm, Bill went inside and came back with fresh cups of coffee.
Alison said, "I have no office hours until Monday. Would you like to go on a picnic hike for lunch at wildwood park? We could start at the lower parking lot, stop at some picnic tables for lunch and then hike up to the falls. I could make turkey sandwiches and bring a bottle of wine."
"That would be fun!" I'll pick you up at 11 am."
"I want to drive, so just come over at 11 am. Let me grab my purse and head to my house."
"Slips in, What about your clothes?"
"You can stuff them in a bag and bring them to me at 11. I want to enjoy the sun on my body as I go through our backyards."
Alison helped him bring the breakfast things into his kitchen, grabbed her purse, then grabbed his balls and squeezed them.
Bill cringed and yelled, "Ouch. You certainly like doing that."
"I do. Don't you also?"
"Shit, you got me. I do." Bill replied with a grin.
She giggled and said, "see you at 11. Don't be late, love. Oh, and wear a long sleeve shirt."
Samantha had enjoyed the morning Alison and Bill show. She had finally decided to get going for the day. She was getting dressed when she noticed Bill's back door open. Alison emerged naked except for her purse. She watched as a naked Alison made her way to her house, enjoying how Samantha's breasts bounced as she walked. She thought, "I sure would like a three-way with Bill and Alison. It's been so long since I had a guy's cock inside me."
She texted Alison, "I'm looking forward to submitting to you for a longer time. I'm fantasizing about you tying me up and spanking me. And then make me serve you and Bill."
After Alison got dressed in jeans and a top, she made turkey sandwiches, cut up some melons, and put them in her picnic backpack, along with a bag of baked chips and two water bottles. She selected a bottle of red wine and put it and some plastic glasses in her backpack's side compartment. She added some toys to use on Bill and hid them in the bottom pocket of the backpack. She then put some other toys in the trunk of her car and declared herself ready.
She then checked her texts.
She read Samantha's text and replied, "Would you be interested in being tested by my assistant dominatrix and me to determine if you are acceptable to me as my sexual toy slave?
Samantha replied immediately, "Thank you, Alison. I will do whatever you ask as long as I am not permanently injured or marked."
Alison texted Samantha. "Be ready anytime after 11 am until 6 pm today. I will text you more information if you're ready to test your ability to serve us. Does that work for you today?"
Samantha replied, "There is nothing on my calendar for the next week that can't be moved."
Alison texted, "Move everything off your calendar for the next five days. Tell people who ask that you and I are going on a girls' trip. Expect a text from Mistress Betty on what you must do to get ready today. I need to ask when was the last time you had sex?"
"I haven't had sex with anyone other than my hand or vibrator since my husband died. I'm assuming the STD test you had me take as part of my physical is still valid."
"That test is still valid. I may have you take another today. Expect to hear from Mistress Betty soon.
She called Betty. "Betty, how are you today?"
"I'm good, Alison. When do I get a chance to scratch my dominant side?"
Alison replied, "I think my other Neighbor, Samantha is a full-on submissive. I'm hoping that you are up for some BDSM play today. Maybe some screening like we did with Bill, but for Samantha. Are you up for it?"
"Oh yes, I would love that, Mistress. "
"Betty, check her recent STS test; it will be in our files. If it is good, we can go ahead and be dominatrix to Bill and Samantha this afternoon."
Betty responded, "I got the perfect outfit. My new black leather catsuit has arrived, and I can't wait to put it on and be a sexy dominatrix."
.
"I wondered if my new catsuit has also arrived. Give me a minute." Alison paused her phone and checked the order link. She saw that the box had been delivered that morning. She went to her front porch and retrieved the package.
The dark burgundy catsuit was everything she had hoped for.
She picked up the phone, "Oh, Betty, I love all the buckles on this catsuit. Thank you for finding this brand. We are going to be some awesome dominatrixes."
"It is a pretty sensuous dominatrix look."
"Betty, I think you remember that Samantha is my neighbor. Earlier today, she told me she wanted to be submissive to me. I told her my assistant would need to test her before I agreed."
"Well, Alison, I'll be your assistant dominatrix anytime, as long as you occasionally scratch my submissive side. You do that so well. I always have fun playing with you."
"Bill and I are taking a picnic hike, so I will need you to meet Samantha at my house at about noon. If you arrive at 11:30 am, you'll miss us and have time to get into your new catsuit before Samantha shows up. You'll need to instruct her on how we want her to prepare. You know what I demand. I'll send an introductory text to Samantha and copy you.".
She texted Samantha and copied Betty, "Samantha, if you are serious, I want you to follow Mistress Betty's instructions. She will go over my expectations for you to submit sexually to me. If you can meet my requirements, I firmly believe you will have an intense sexual experience that you will carve to have again and again."
Samantha replied, "Thank you, Mistress Alison. I look forward to hearing from Mistress Betty."
She called Bill.
He answered, "Long time no see. It's got to be minutes since we last talked." He laughed, "What can I do for you?"
"Betty and I ordered new catsuits, and they arrived today. Are you up for playtime in my dungeon with Betty and me, wearing our new catsuits after our hike and picnic? We could pretend that I captured you and brought you to my dungeon. We could sexually torture you and any other prisoners we might have. I could use my shock stick."
"Wow, Alison, you work fast.
"We can talk about the details during our hike."
"Is Betty joining us for the hike?"
"No, she has some other things she is doing for me."
"How do I get captured?"
"With my magical powers."
"I think many parts of your body have magical powers."
She laughed, "Oh, you are so bad. I'll send you a link to what my new catsuit looks like. I like the loop on the hip that holds my shock stick." She sent the catalog image to Bill's phone.
Bill's phone beeped, and he looked at the image of the catsuit that had just arrived. "Alison, that outfit is a major turn-on. I'm concerned about the shock stick, cattle prod thingy on the hip. I don't think I could handle that. You know I am a wimp."
She texted, "Oh honey, I would never use a cattle prod on you. I plan to use a Stinger. It's an Electro-Play Wand. It only has a light shock and spark. I'll show you how it works before I make you agree to let me use it on you. I'll send you a web page about it now."
Alison sent the link to Bill for the Stinger play wand.
After Bill had examined the webpage for the shock stick, he replied, "I'm still a little concerned about the shock stick, but if you explain it a little more when we are together, then I think I'll be okay with it. See you at 11 am."
Alison replied, "We are going to have fun today."
He gathered up Alison's clothes, folded them neatly, and put them in a bag. He looked at the clock. He had 30 minutes until he needed to be at Alison's house."
= = = =
Betty carefully crafted her text to Samantha. "Slave Samantha, you will address Alison as Mistress Alison. I serve Mistress Alison. You will address me as Mistress Betty and follow my instructions completely until told to do otherwise by our Mistress Alison. Mistress Alison requires us to have no body hair below the neck. She also requires her female servants to grow their hair long, so don't cut your hair while you are removing your body hair. You will arrive at Mistress Alison's house at noon, wearing only a shift. You may play with yourself as much as you want before we meet at Mistress Alison's home. When you arrive, you will immediately remove your shift when I open the door and follow my further instructions. The more you can submit, the most satisfaction you will experience."
Samantha read the text and breathed in a deep breath. She noticed that Alison, no, she needed to think of her as Mistress Alison, had been copied on the text. This fantasy was becoming real. She felt a tingle between her legs. She quickly removed her clothes, grabbed her vibratory, threw herself on her bed, and promptly gave herself a satisfying orgasm.
After she had come down, she felt the thick patch of hair covering her pussy. "Goodbye, jungle." She laughed.
Samantha gathered her shaving supplies, started the water in her tub, and got busy shaving.
She applied her favorite body oil and was pleased by the smooth feeling all over her body.
She carefully applied her makeup that would not run and selected her shift to wear.
= = = =
Bill arrived at Alison's precisely at 11 am.
Alison greeted him with a huge hug and kiss and exclaimed, "Today is going to be so much fun for me, and I think you will like my surprises."
She unbuttoned half the buttons on Bill's shirt and rubbed her hands on his chest. She frowned and said, "I feel a little stubble. I think we'll need to address that later."
"Sorry, I should have thought of that."
"It's okay, sweetie. You won't be punished harshly for your oversight. I have too many other fun things planned for today."
They got in her car and drove the short distance to the lower wildwood canyon parking lot. Bill offered to carry the picnic backpack, which pleased Alison. Alison decided not to take the road to the sewer treatment plant but instead crossed the bridge over the creek to walk under the mature oaks. They held hands as the trail winded through mature oaks.
Bill offered to carry her when they got where they needed to ford the stream. But she declined as the water was shallow, and they made it across on the exposed rocks without getting wet. They took the trail to the left of the plant and made their way to the picnic tables just beyond the plant. Being a Friday, it was empty. They decided to see the falls first and then have their lunch.
After visiting the falls, Alison laid out the meal and placed a towel on the cement picnic bench. She told Bill to drop his pants and briefs to his ankles and lay down on the towel.
She grabbed a vibrating electro-shock cock ring and slid it on his cock, which was getting hard.
Bill asked, "What if someone comes by with me exposed?"
"Honey, I will hear them coming and wrap the towel around you. Now, sit up, pull your pants up to your mid-thighs, pour some wine, and let's eat."
Alison pushed the control button, and Bill let out a yelp from the shock. Then the vibration started, and he moaned as he said. "Mistress, it's hard to eat with these intense sensations."
Alison pushed the button again, and the cock ring became still. She placed her hand on his cheek, "Eat, my love. I have more ideas for after we eat."
"Why does that not surprise me?" Bill replied as his cock became hard.
= = = =
Betty arrived at Alison's house soon after Bill and Alison had left. It took some time to get her new catsuit on. She loved how she looked in it with all buckles and the loop to hold her shock stick. She had the same model of shock stick as Alison, so it would be more of a surprise than a terrible pain. Alison used her stock stick on Betty regularly, and it got her juices following.
She set up the dungeon spaces as she and Alison had discussed. It was going to be a blast dominating Bill and Samantha. She was sure Alison had some excellent surprises for all. Alison was just an inventive person when it came to kink.
She then sat on the couch, waiting for noon to arrive.
Samantha was spot on time. Betty opened the door but blocked it so Samantha could not come in.
Samantha immediately got the clue, grabbed the hem of her shift, and began pulling it up. Betty moved behind her to block the view from the street.
Once Samantha's shift was off, Betty hugged her from behind and pulled on Samantha's nipples. Samantha moaned with pleasure.
Betty said, "You can enter the door now."
Samantha took a step inside, and Betty closed the door.
"Put your hands behind you with your hands on your elbows," Betty commanded.
Samantha complied.
Betty took a rope and doubled it over. She passed the loop around Samantha's back, under her arms and breasts, and placed it between her breasts. She took the loose end, brought it under Samantha's left breast, and through the loop. Betty brought the loose ends up between her breast and the two ropes to each side of her neck. She then tied her arms with the rope so they could not be moved.
Betty put cuffs on Samantha's ankle and linked them with a short chain. "Come." She instructed.
Samantha asked, "What happens next?"
Betty put one finger to Samantha's lips. "You need quickly obey to have the best experience. Also, you will address me as Mistress Betty."
Betty put her other hand mail on Samantha's pussy and felt the juices flowing. "I can tell your body is enjoying this. Just go along for now. Later we'll talk about limits. Nothing that will happen in the next hour will be unpleasant. That will come later. To help you not speak, I have a solution. Open your mouth wide. "
Samantha did, and Betty put a ball gag in it. After she had finished tying the gag, Berry said, "If at any time this becomes too much, just grunt three times."
Betty buckled a collar around Samantha's neck and attached a leash."
Betty tugged on the lease, and Samantha hobbled behind her. They carefully made their way into the basement and entered the exam room. Betty removed all the restraints she had placed on Samantha and had her sit in the exam chair with her legs in the stirrups. She then bound Samantha tightly to the exam chair.
Betty explained, "I will show you a series of film clips. You will tell me if you find them sexually stimulating or not. If you enjoy them, you will tell me what role you see yourself in. To make this more fun, I will massage your clit as we watch them. Do you understand these instructions? "
"Yes, Mistress Betty."
The first clip showed a nude woman bent over a table face down with her legs on the floor. A man was doggy-style fucking her.
After a long pause at the end of the clip, Betty asked, "Well?"
"Mistress Betty, I liked this and want to be that woman."
The following clip was similar, except the woman was tied to the table."
"Mistress Betty, I liked this one even more. I want to be that woman."
The next clip showed the same woman still tied to the table, but another woman was using a strap on her."
"Mistress Betty, I also like this. I'd want to be the woman who is tied up."
The following clip showed a nude man tied to the table with a woman using a strap-on in the man's ass."
"Mistress Betty, I don't find that as exciting."
The next clip started with a woman in a catsuit sitting on a throne, with a nude woman bowing at her feet.
"Mistress Betty, I want to be the woman bowing at her feet."
The following clip started with the previous clip but panned over to show a nude man bent over the same table, tied to it. It then continued with this dialog. The naked woman spoke, "Mistress, I will do whatever you ask." The Mistress replied, "It would give me great pleasure if you were to peg this man." The nude got up, put on a strap-on, and pounded the man's ass. The clip ended.
"Mistress Betty, I want to be the nude woman."
The next clip started like the last, but when the camera panned over to the guy, he was tied face up on a massage table. The Mistress told the woman to ride the man cowboy style.
"Mistress Betty, I'd like to be the nude woman again."
The following clip also started the same, but the nude man was tied to a St Andrew cross this time. This time the naked woman was instructed to flog the nude male. She hesitated, but the mistress said, "It will give me pleasure to watch you flog him." The naked woman responded, "I will do whatever pleases you." After the man had been flogged for a while, the mistress said to release the man and had the man bind the nude woman to the St Andrew cross. The man then flogged the woman.
"Mistress Betty, I would love to be flogged."
Betty responded, "You certainly would. I can tell from how much wetter your pussy just got."
It took an hour to see all the clips. Betty examined her notes for a few minutes and explained her findings to Samantha, "Samantha, I have determined that you are a bisexual submissive. You also enjoy some pain; we'll need to explore that further. While you dislike sexually dominating another, you would dominate another if Mistress Alison or I told you to. How does that analysis make you feel?"
"Mistress Betty, I think that is who I am. Thank you for making so much effort to do this."
Betty put her palm on Samantha's pussy and said, "Samantha, Alison told me this was important to her, which means it was important to me. I am enjoying this, and I hope you are also."
"Mistress Betty, you have been awesome. I am enjoying your touch. I'd hug you if I weren't strapped to this table, but I hope I don't get unstrapped yet."
Betty laughed, "You are going to be so much fun. We need to test your reaction to pain. I will go slow so I don't blow past your limits. Do you want to proceed?"
"Oh yes, Mistress Betty!"
"You're getting wet again, so I think you really do." Betty removed her hand from Samantha's pussy and linked Samantha's juices off her fingers. "And you taste good. I am going to enjoy eating you out. Now, I will move you to the next equipment for this test."
Betty unstrapped Samantha and put her face up on a bench that allowed Samantha's arms to stick out to the sides and her legs to be spread far apart.
After strapping Samantha in, she said, "Now, if this gets too much, you need to have safe words to either have me stop or slow down. With Alison, I use the word red to stop the action and yellow to slow the scene down. When I stop a scene, Alison asks if I want to rest and then continue or do I want to stop. If you can't speak, grunt three times, and I'll stop to find out what you want. Would those safewords work for you?"
"Yes, Mistress."
"I am going to sit on your face, and you will use your tongue to bring me to a climax. While doing that, I will use this shock stick on your breasts and other parts of your body about every five seconds. I will strap a butterfly vibrator to your clit, so you can also have fun sensations. The faster you get me to an orgasm, the sooner the shocking will end. Are you willing to try this?"
"Yes, Mistress. I'm more than a little excited about this. May I ask if I can keep the vibrator on until I come?"
"Since you asked so nicely, you will be granted your request."
Betty then reached between Samantha's legs and felt her pussy. She commented, "Well, it is clear that your pussy is also excited."
Betty placed a butterfly vibrator on Samantha, strapped it to her, and turned in one. She then reached down and unzipped the part of her catsuit that was covering her pussy. She then straddled Samantha's head to face Samantha's feet and lowered herself onto Samantha's mouth.
Samantha began to eagerly lick, suck and kiss Betty's clit.
Betty bought the shock stick to Samantha's left breast and pushed the button.
Samantha squealed and pressed her face harder into Betty's pussy.
Betty let out a contented moan.
= = = =
While Bill and Alison ate their lunch, Bill's naked butt and thighs were exposed. Alison told Bill he was to take no actions to cover himself if someone came.
About halfway through the meal, Bill heard mountain bikers coming and started to grab the towel he was sitting on. Before he violated Alison's order, he stopped his hands and placed them on the table.
Alison said, "Good job, Bill."
As the sound of the bikers coming down the path got closer, Alison did nothing. Not until it was almost too late did she let go of Bill's cock, reached around his back, and pulled up the towel so that it looked like she just had an arm around him. His butt and thighs were now covered, but his cock was still exposed.
As the bikers got closer, they could now tell that it was two female mountain bikers in their mid-50s. They wore biker spandex shorts and shirts that left nothing to the imagination. Bill noticed that these women had very sexy bodies.
Bill noticed that They were both in great shape.
Alison greeted them with, "Good afternoon, ladies! Could I offer you some water or wine or carbs?"
The women removed their bicycle helmets and sunglasses.
"No, thank you, but we'll join you at that table as we normally take a break after the climb before heading to the hill canyon parking." Said the taller of the two women. She shook out her Shoulder length blond hair. Her blue eyes sparkled with a smile.
Behind the shorter women's bicycle seat, a bag was produced containing their snacks. They sat across from Bill and Alison at the cement picnic table.
"I'm Alison, and this is my boyfriend, Bill."
Bill retorted, "I've made the grade to boyfriend. This is turning out to be a good day."
The shorter woman responded, "I'm Valerie, and this is my wife, sue. We are pleased to meet you." She had long brown hair that reached down her back tied in a ponytail by a hair scrunchy and matched her brown eyes.
Alison took her arm from Bill's back and stroked Bill's cock again. Bill was thankful that this table was held up by a solid wall of concrete that supported the tabletop. It, fortunately, hid his exposed cock from the women.
Alison inquired, "How long have you been married?"
The women looked at each other and smiled. Valerie said, "That is a long and complicated answer."
Alison responded, "I think I might understand. I'm bi, and I have mostly dated women. It always bugged me that we didn't have marriage as an option until it became legal in 2008 in California. Bill is my first boyfriend in ages, and that is because he is one of those rare submissive males."
Sue spoke up, "I think you would understand our story. We met at college in the 80s. There were three of us; Valerie, me, and Scott. Scott was also one of those rare submissive males. However, Scott died in 2010, and we still miss him terribly. "She looked a Valerie with a tear in her eye, and they kissed.
Bill and Alison replied, "We're so sorry about your loss."
Valerie took a deep breath and continued. "After college, we decided to live together. When we decided to have kids, we decided that Sue should legally marry Scott, but the ceremony was for us three. We each had two kids with Scott in the 90s. We never hid what our relationship was from our kids or family. After Scott died, our teenage kids encouraged us to wed. Our two girls and two boys were our wedding party."
Alison responded, "That is a beautiful story. Bill's wife died from cancer in early 2020. Bill, Diane, and I had a very tight friendship. We had meals together; we traveled together. We celebrated the holidays together. His kids refer to me as Auntie. I was also Diane's Doctor, and as she was dying, she expressed regret to us that we never had a three-way. She asked me to look after Bill as she knew how submissive he was. He would need a woman's hand. His kids have been encouraging us to get together for quite a while, but we finally did this week."
Valerie asked, "Bill, what do you think of our stories?"
"I think she got it right. I'm a submissive man. I prefer her to make the decision. I like doing what she tells me."
Alison nudged Bill and queried, "You think
I got it, right?"
Bill laughed, "She got it 100% right. She is my world. My only desire is to make her happy. Whatever and however she wants."
Valerie looked at Bill and asked, "How submissive are you?"
Bill responded, "I will do whatever she wants."
Sue asked, "Doesn't that worry you?"
"No, because I know that she loves me and will do
Nothing to harm or endanger me."
Valerie commented, "That's how Scott was. We could get pretty kinky in our play, but he knew we'd loved him and would never permanently hurt him."
Alison said, "Bill is very good submissive. Like right before you got here, I had him drop his pants so I could play with his cock. I even put a vibrating shock ring in his cock because I like his reaction." Alison pushed the remote control button, and Bill yelped.
The women all laughed.
Sue said, "There are so many great toys these days. Scott would have loved them. I miss playing with a submissive male."
Alison responded, "Why don't you play with Bill right now? Nothing sexual. He won't mind. Will you, Bill?"
"Mistress, you know I will do whatever you want."
Alison handed the remote to Valerie. She pushed it, and Bill yelped. She laughed, and the other two women joined her.
Valerie commented. "I have forgotten how fun this is. Alison, Let me know if I go too far."
"Don't worry. I will."
Sue commanded, "Bill, stand up and come to this side of the table."
Bill got up. He grabbed hold of his pants so they would stay at mid-thigh. His fully erect cock bounced as he walked around to Sue and Valerie's side of the table. They both turned so that their backs were leaning against the table."
Sue asked Alison, "Can we use the towel you were sitting on?"
Alison handed the towel to Sue, who spread it on the ground in front of them.
Valerie turned her head to Alison and hesitantly said, "Strip, Bill."
Alison nodded yes, and Valerie turned her head back to Bill, who hadn't moved yet. "We're waiting. If Scott had delayed responding, he would have gotten a spanking."
Alison said, "And so should Bill. Please don't embarrass me. Strip and then lay across their laps so they can spank you."
Bill removed his clothes. The women turned back toward the table to face Alison and had Bill lay his nude body across their laps.
Sue commented, "We always preferred being nude while spanking Scott. But we'll keep on our clothes today."
Alison replied, "Maybe that could be arranged in the future."
The women took turns spanking Bill's butt.
"Alison, thank you for sharing Bill with us," Sue said.
The women all giggled as Bill squirmed beneath their spanks. Soon Bill was moaning.
Alison replied, "I think he likes you two."
Sue made a pumping motion with her hand and said, "Should we give a release?"
Alison said, "Normally, yes, but I have some big plans for later.
Alison then pointed at her pussy and made a licking motion with her tongue. "He is very good at it. I'd be okay with him doing it through your shorts."
Valerie said, "Would you? I am a little surprised that you would offer. Not that I don't want it. But why?"
Alison laughed, "I recognize you two from my kink club. I am Mistress A. I usually wear a mask."
Sue exclaimed, "Oh My God. You are a legend. I don't know how often we've watched you do scenes with submissive men and women."
Valerie added, "Mistress A, We've more than once talked about what it would be like to submit to you."
Alison smiled, "Maybe we can arrange that some future day. However, I was serious about Bill using his tongue. Just tell him to start."
Sue replied, "That would be awesome." She slapped Bill's butt extra hard and said, "Get up, Bill. You have some work to do with your tongue."
Sue directed Bill to start on Valerie first. While Bill positioned his nude body between Valerie's legs, Alison came around the table and sat on Sue's lap.
Alison said, "Why should Valerie have all the fun?" Alison and Valerie began to kiss and make out.
Bill moved his head between Valerie's thighs. Valerie put her hands on his head and directed where Bill's tongue went. She made him circle her spandex-covered Vulva lips a few times before having him focus on her clit. It took longer through her spandex biking shorts to get aroused, but it did happen. As Bill kissed and sucked and licked her clit the sensations increased until they reached a crescendo. She drew Bill's face hard against her pussy as an orgasm swept her body.
Alison and Sue applauded her sequels of ecstasy.
Alison got off Sue's lap and used her hands to move Bill's head from Valerie's pussy to Sue's.
Sue grabbed the side of Bill's head to guide him, but Alison said, "Sue, trust me. He knows how to use his mouth and tongue better than you can guide him."
Sue replied, "Okay, Bill do your best."
Bill jumped in using a series of locks, kisses, and sucks all over Sue Pussy.
Sue exclaimed, "Oh, he is good. I wish I didn't have these shorts."
Alison said, "Come on, Valerie, let's thank Bill while he works on Sue."
They moved to either side of the naked man and began to rub their hands on his back. Alison slipped off the cock ring and then laid down so could get Bill's cock in her mouth. "Valerie, rub his entire butt."
Alison enjoyed the scene she had created. Bill was pleasuring Sue, and Sue's moans were getting louder. Valerie was massaging Bill's butt. She had her mouth around Bill's cock, which he enjoyed even though he knew he would not be allowed to cum.
So Sue's moans became shouts of, "Yes! Yes! Yes! Right there. That is perfect! Fuck! I am cuming!" Her juices squirted out over Bill's face, and the orgasm took complete control of her body.
Alison removed her mouth from Bill's cock and said, "Good job, Bill. You will be rewarded later.
When Sue recovered, they both thanked Alison for Sharing Bill. Each gave the naked Bill big sloppy kisses while softly groping his cock and balls."
Alison said, "Bill and I had started a role play where I captured him using my magical power. The next step was to put restraints on him to take him to my dungeon. Would you like to participate in restraining him?"
Valerie responded, "This day feels like birthday and Christmas all rolled in one. I'd love to help."
Sue chimed in, "Me Too."
Alison said, "Bill, stand with your back facing me."
"Yes, Mistress."
Bill turned his back on Alison. Alison opened a zipper on the bottom of the picnic backpack and pulled out the restraints and toys for Bill, Including the shock toy.
Alison explained, "I have come up with a way to restrain him that won't easily show to others. Put this belt around his waist. By the way, You can grind, pinch, pull, slap, spank and kiss him as much as you like. However, if my beloved Bill starts crying, you must stop."
The belt was about three inches wide and had rings spread along its length. The women worked together to the belt firmly on Bill.
Sue grabbed Bill's nipples and pulled. Bill let out a yelp.
The women laughed.
Alison continues, "Next put his shirt back on, but don't button it."
Bill was grateful he was getting his shirt back on. The shirt tails covered his cock and butt. The women worked together to put his shirt on.
Alison continued, "Put this backpack on him. Then undo the shirt's cuff button and put these cuffs on his wrists. Then thread the chain through the cuff opening and rebutton his cuff. The chain on the cuff attaches to the belt. Just pull the shirt up to connect to the belt.
The women put the cuffs on his wrists, closed the cuff button, and attached the chain to the bell.
The women nodded their approval. Looking closer, you could not tell Bill's wrists were attached to the belt.
Valerie noticed how hard Bill's dick was and slapped it back and forth a few times. Sue grabbed his balls and pulled down on them like she was milking a cow.
Bill tried to suppress his expressions of pain, but with a closed mouth, a squeal still came out. All the women giggled.
Valerie started to slap Bill's cock harder and used her left hand to pull on one and then the other of Bill's Nipples. Sue pulled down on Bill's balls harder. Bill began to sob. Valerie and Sue increased the pain they were giving Bill.
Alison stopped laughing and said, "Ah um...girls...." Bill collapsed to his knees. His body racked with sobs.
Bill sobbed, "I am sorry, Mistress. I could not take it anymore."
Alison embraced Bill, "You did well, my love. They just went too fast to higher pain levels. I know you did your best."
Valerie and Sue had stopped their torture when Bill fell to his knees. Valerie said, "I am sorry, Mistress. We went too far."
Alison replied, "You certainly did. I will forgive you if you accept the first part of your punishment right now and the rest later in my dungeon."
Sue remorsefully answered, "Mistress, we accept we have earned punishments."
Valerie, "Mistress, please punish us for our disobedience."
Alison instructed, "Disconnect Bill's wrist cuffs from the belt. Leave them on his wrist. I will get back to my game shortly, but before you do, pull your shirt and sports bra up above your breasts or off completely."
Sue removed her shirt and bra entirely and put them on the table. Valeria first pulled her top and sports bra above her breasts, but after a look from Sue, Valerie took them off and put them on the table next to Sue's.
Alison commanded, "Now slip your shorts and whatever you have under them to your ankles."
Both women complied
Alison said. "What do you have to say for yourselves?"
Valerie responded, "Mistress, we are sorry to have gone too far with your Bill."
Alison instructed, "Bill, sit on the bench facing out. Valerie, lay face down on his lap so your butt is centered. One hand is to massage Bill's cock and balls, and the other is to masturbate yourself. Sue, stand with your hands behind your head and your legs as far apart as possible. Once Bill and Valerie are situated, I'll get you in your position.
Bill sat on the bench, wearing just an unbuttoned long-sleeve shirt and the restraint belt around his waist. His cock was pointed straight up. Valerie, with her shorts around her ankles but with no clothing above them, lay over his lap with her vulva resting against his cock. One hand started to massage Bill's balls, and the other stimulated her clit.
Sue kicked one foot out of her shorts to spread her legs far apart. Alison picked up the electro-play shock stick, placed it against Bill's left arm, and pushed the button.
"Ouch." Was Bill's response.
Alison giggled, "Bill, I told you you'd get to test the shock rod. Now you are to spank Valerie's butt. Valerie is to count each spank, respectfully thank you, and ask for another. Don't start until I say so."
Alison then placed the shock rod against Valerie's breasts and pushed the shock button. Valerie responded with a squeal and said, "One. Thank you, Mistress. May I have another?"
Alison laughed while rubbing a hand in Valerie's butt, "My, aren't you the perfect sub? You don't need to count the shocks, as that was the only one you'll get today. You will count the spanks when I tell you to."
Valerie responded, "Mistress, I hope you will use that electro rod on me in the future. I liked how it felt."
Sue said, "Mistress, May I ask that you please use it on me today?"
Alison then shocked each of Sue's breasts. She responded with a long moan. Alison directed Sue to lie face up on the table. She grabbed some restraints from her bag and secured Sue in a spread-eagle position on the table. She got a butterfly vibrator from her bag, turned it on, and placed it on Sue's clit. Alison shocked Sue's left breast.
Sue squealed.
"Sue, I will shock you until I get a good orgasm from you. Don't fake it, as I will know. No need to count. Just focus on letting the stimulation overwhelm you."
Sue replied, "Yes, Mistress."
Alison said, "Bill, Start spanking Valerie."
Bill gave Valerie's butt a light smack.
Valerie responded with, "One; thank you, sir. May I have another?"
Alison said, "Bill, Harder." and then shocked Sue.
Bill responded, "Mistress, you know I don't like to be dominant."
"Bill, you're doing this for me. It's part of my protecting you and accepting Valerie as my sub."
Bill spanked Valerie harder.
Valerie responded with, "Two. Thank you, sir. May I have another?"
Alison said, "Bill, even Harder." and then shocked Sue again.
Alison controlled the pace of Bill's spanks and then shocked Sue each time on a breast to match the count. Sue and Valerie soon moaned as the spanks, shocks, and stimulation aroused their bodies.
It did not take long before each woman thrashed as their body was given over to orgasms. When they calmed down, Alison untied Sue and told them to get dressed and stand beside each other.
Alison embraced Valerie and put her hand down her shorts. She got some of Valerie's nectar and put her hand in Sue's mouth. Sue licked Alison's fingers clean. Alison did the same, feeding Sue's nectar to Valeria.
Alison asked, "How do you like the taste of each other?"
Valerie replied, "Oh, Mistress, I love Sue's taste."
Sue added, "And I love her taste. Thank you for this experience."
Alison queried, "So, do you want to be my subs again?"
Sue answered, "Yes, Mistress." Valerie added, "Me too, Mistress."
Alison said, "This is fun, and we will do this again soon. However, I need to get back to Bill's scenario for today. Sue, put the cock ring back on him. Valerie, help Bill get his briefs and pants back on."
Alison used this time to put all her toys back into the pack.
Once Bill's pants were back on, Valerie said, "Put the backpack on Bill, connect his wrist chain to the belt, and then button his shirt. Then put his shoes on."
Once they were done, it looked like Bill had his hands in his pockets. Alison pushed the controller, and the cock ring started to vibrate. Bill moaned in pleasure. Then she pushed the button for shock, and Bill yelped. The women all giggled.
Alison asked., "Girls, do you want to escort the prisoner to his transport?"
"We'd love to!" They both responded.
Sue and Valerie pushed their bikes, and Alison held onto Bill's arm so he would not trip. It wasn't far down the trail to the paved access road, where it became much more manageable for Bill to walk. Alison described her dungeon, and they made plans for the two women to come over in the future and be tenants for an extended playtime.
Throughout the walk, the cock ring vibrated at a low setting. Occasionally Alison would shock his cock, and Bill tried not to yelp. Giggles from the three women met his attempt.
Once they got to Alison's car, she popped the truck and said, "Girls, remove Bill's wrists cuffs and the restraint belt."
Once they were removed, Bill rubbed his wrists. Alison noticed and said, "Bill, You're not out of the woods yet."
Bill responded, "I was worried about that." Alison gave him the evil eye, and he quickly added, "Mistress."
"That was much better, Bill. Now girls help Bill climb into the truck and remove his clothes."
Once Bill was nude, Alison cuffed his left ankle to his left wrist and did the same on his right side. Alison lay him on his side. She then had each woman say goodbye to Bill with a sloppy kiss.
Sue commented, "Today's ride was much more than I had hoped. Thank you, Mistress A."
Alison embraced each woman, kissed them deeply, and promised that they would get to play with Bill again in the future.
Valerie said, "We're looking forward to being in your dungeon soon. Have a great day!."
Sue and Valerie walked their bikes to their car and put them on the bike rack.
Alison leaned into the truck and kissed Bill. "You are so wonderful, Bill. Your cock is rock hard, so I know you enjoy this."
"Mistress Alison, I am in heaven."
"Let's see if you will be after this next instruction. Pull your knees into your chest."
Bill did, and Alison grabbed his cock and pulled it back between his legs.
Bill responded, "Oh shit, That again. Please, no, Mistress."
"Bill, it makes me happy. I know you can do this again for me."
"Yes, Mistress."
Alison quickly got the humbler installed. She put her hand on the side of Bill's face and said, "I promise you'll have fun today." She then closed the trunk of the car.
Bill realized that being naked and bound in Alison's trunk would be a regular occurrence. He smiled.
= = = =
Meanwhile, Samantha had worked her tongue hard as Betty sat on her face. Betty lifted herself a couple of times a minute for Samantha to breathe and was rewarded with more vigorous licking, sucking, and kissing by Samantha. Samantha would yelp each she was shocked, which added to Betty's pleasure. Betty enjoyed the view of the restrained struggling naked woman beneath her.
Eventually, Betty dropped the shock stick, leaned forward into a 69, pushed the butterfly vibrator aside, and started sucking, licking, and kissing Samantha's clit. The two women drove each other into higher levels of pleasure.
Samantha was the first to reach orgasm, which helped trigger Betty's orgasm. Betty forgot to lift her body to allow Samantha to breathe, but as Samantha started to make sounds of panic, she remembered, and Samantha was soon gasping for air.
"I'm sorry, Samantha. The orgasm took me completely out of my mind."
"Having to fight to breathe made my orgasm better. Thank You, Mistress Betty."
"I'll let you rest there while I prepare for Mistress Alison's return."
=======
I hope you enjoy this story. Comments and suggestions are appreciated. I just starting the outline for part five. I would appreciate suggestions on what should happen next. I only have the first hundred words written. But three of them are "Sheathed deep inside".