This is an ongoing story between two great friends and former lovers who are rekindling their relationship and bringing new people into their inner circle. I hope you enjoy the story. Please vote and leave comments.
Terra and Marte are working at the store. The morning is going slow. While Marte is rearranging items on the showroom floor, Terra is standing behind the counter next to the register. Her cellphone starts to vibrate in her back pocket, causing her to jump. She pulls the phone out of her pocket, sees a number she doesn't recognize on her screen and presses the answer button.
"Hello?" she inquires.
A young female voice is on the other end of the line. "Hi! Um, my name is Jung Li. I was in the class at the University a few weeks ago where you talked to the Young Lesbian's Society."
Terra perked up. "Uh huh! How can I help you?"
Jung Li responded, "Well, you said we could have your number if we were interested, then we should give you a call. I was too nervous to call at first, but I would like to get to know you."
The nerve endings in Terra's body start to tingle. She is intrigued by this new, fresh, young lesbian. She curses herself momentarily, knowing she is back in a relationship with Marte, even if they haven't said so officially. Then, an idea pops into her head. She remembers back to when Marte was such a young, innocent and shy lesbian. Well, even if Marte didn't know she was a lesbian back then, she still was, Terra thought to herself.
Breaking the momentary silence, Terra says, "Great. I will be glad to meet you. Have you participated in any acts with other women before?"
"Just once, but I was so nervous. I don't think it was any good for the other girl." Jung Li answers nervously.
"That is not a problem." Terra answers as she makes her way into the back room of the store. "I can help you become more comfortable with yourself and your sexuality. First though, you have to go through one day of initiation. Sort of like a fraternity."
"Okay." the timid voice responds. "What kind of initiation?"
"Can you meet me at the University tonight around 6pm at the library?"
Jung Li says, "Yes, of course."
Great! I will explain there." Terra says with excitement in her voice.
Hanging up the phone, Terra rushes to the front of the store and approaches Marte. "Guess what! Guess what."
Marte spins around and looks at her lover. "I don't know. What?"
"I may have found a new third member of our girls club!"
Marte has a dumbfounded expression on her face. She shakes her head back and forth. "What are you talking about?"
Terra is so excited that she is rambling on and on. It is hard for Marte to keep up. "You know how Cindy is now dating a guy and we no longer have three. Now it is just me and you? Well, I think I found a new third. I think I found a new girl."
"I didn't know we were looking for a new third." Marte says, her face still full of confusion.
"Listen, a third member keeps things exciting and unpredictable. Now that Cindy is doing her thing, we have a chance to get a third. You remember how reluctant you were to do anything at the beginning and you had to be given challenges to expand your horizons? Well, I just received a call from a girl at the University. She was at the meeting where you and Cindy teased me with that toy. This girl, named Jung Li said she would like to talk to me. She has very little experience as a lesbian. I thought we could show her the ropes, kind of like how we did with you."
Marte quips back, "So you want a third member in our relationship?"
"No. No. No." Terra says. "I want only you. But we have an opportunity to help this young girl blossom just like you did."
"When we had three, it was organic. You, Cindy and I were all friends before we ever started playing around. We all trusted each other. Well, as much as you could ever be trusted." Marte started to laugh. "Now you want to introduce a new girl that we don't even know."
"Let's just give her a chance. You never know. You may enjoy teaching her things that you learned yourself. She may be a great person that you really like hanging out with also." Terra pleaded. "I told her I would meet her at the library on the University tonight at 6pm. You can come and meet her too."
Marte stood silent, thinking. Afraid to leave Marte alone with her own thoughts, Terra broke the silence. "I will cancel if you feel threatened or if you are not interested. I am sorry. I just thought you would be okay with this. I guess I should have consulted with you first."
After releasing a long breath of air, Marte replied, "No. It is okay. I guess it would be fun to help mentor a newbie and possibly meet a new person at the same time. You know we are getting older though? We are not young like the college girls anymore. She may not be interested in the things were are interested in at our age."
"We will find out." Terra said, walking away. Her way of ending the conversation before Marte changed her mind.
The two girls closed the craft store around 5pm and headed down the hill by 5:30. It was right about 6 o'clock when they pulled up to the library. Terra forgot to ask what the girl looked like. The girl had seen her before, so she would depend on Jung Li approaching her and Marte. Besides, they would definitely stand out from the younger crowd. She wasn't sure how it happened, but her 20's quickly became her mid 30's somehow.
The two best friends entered the library and took a seat at the empty table in front, by the entrance. Terra's mind was moving a mile a minute, thinking of what they could do for initiation. Like a flash of genius it hit her, they would give the girl a challenge like Marte's first challenge. Terra suggested it to Marte who laughed. The librarian at the front desk looked at them and put her finger over her mouth, signaling for them to be quiet.
They girls were there for almost 5 minutes before this young girl approaches them. She sits down across the table. Terra's eyes perk up. The girl is short. She could not be five feet tall. She has a small, frail body. She has long, straight, black hair that is curled up in a bun. She has gorgeous, black eyes that are squinted and a cute little nose. She is wearing a white skirt, blouse and shale.
"Hi. I am Jung Li." The girl says in a quiet, timid voice.
Terra extends her hand, "I am Terra. This is my best friend, Marte. You probably remember her as well.
The young girl blushes and lowers her head to her right shoulder. "Yes, I remember."
Her voice is soft, sweet and innocent. There is no doubt she is a very shy girl. Marte remembers when she was very similar to this young woman. She is able to sympathize for this girl more then Terra ever would be able to. Terra has been like a wild stallion ever since Marte met her years ago.
Terra and Marte chat with the girl for a few minutes, making small conversation. When Terra feels they have made Jung Li comfortable enough to them, she explains that the girl will be given a challenge Saturday morning. She also explains the details of the challenge will not be given until the time off the challenge and will not involve sex, though it will be exciting. The girl accepts the challenge. Marte tells the girl to wear a tight shirt and a knee-length skirt. They agree to meet the center square in Big Bear at 9 o'clock in the morning.
Saturday morning, Marte and Terra as scheduled to work so they have to tailor the challenge around their schedule. They go into work early to do the opening tasks then head to the center square which is just a block down the street. Terra is excited like a little kid on his birthday, anticipating the gift opening.
The two women are standing by a light pole. They see a car pull into the parking lot. Jung Li steps out of the car and waves at the girls. Marte looks at Terra and sees her face light up as Jung Li approaches. Terra is holding a plastic bag in her hand. Jung Li is wearing a tight, light-blue shirt and a matching skirt as instructed.
When Jung Li approaches them, Terra takes her by the arm and says, "Follow me."
Terra guides Jung Li to the public restroom and hands her the bag. I want you to go in the stall, remove your panties and bra. Put your panties and bra in the bag and put the toy in the bag between your legs. I will inspect when you are done to make sure you have followed directions correctly. Jung Li looks like she wants to ask a question. Instead, she simply takes the bag and closes the stall door behind her. Terra can hear a commotion in the stall. She secretly wishes she was in there to watch the whole ordeal.
A minute later the stall door opens. Jung Li hands Terra the plastic bag. Terra inspects the bag to ensure the panties and bra are in the bag and the toy is gone. Terra reaches forward and lifts Jung Li's skirt to ensure the girl is wearing the toy. Jung Li is startled by Terra's boldness and shifts backwards, almost loosing her balance. Terra adjusts the butterfly toy a little so that the head of the butterfly is pressed against the young girl's clit and the body of the butterfly is resting against the center of her vagina. The wings rest against the outer lips. Satisfied, Terra lowers the skirt and escorts Jung Li back to the light pole where Marte is resting on a bench.
Terra explains that Marte will escort her to the bakery shop and use the wireless remote to control the butterfly toy. Terra asks for Jung Li's cell phone. Terra enters her number into the contacts and then hands Jung Li the cell phone and some money and tells her that she is to order breakfast for the three of them.
"Call me when you get to the Bakery Shop." Terra instructs the college girl.
Marte stands up and looks at Jung Li. "Are you ready to go?"
The girl's face is already flush with blood. It is apparent that she is already turned on and perhaps embarrassed. Terra watches as the two females head down the sidewalk. Not more than ten steps away, Terra sees Jung Li jump and let out a high pitched squeal. It is then that she knows Marte has turned the butterfly toy on. Terra heads back to the shop and eagerly awaits the call.
Jung Li can feel the butterfly flutter softly against her clit and outer labia. She can feel herself getting more and more excited with every step. Here she is walking with this older woman she barely knows and this woman is in control of the toy attached to her vagina. She knows she no longer has control. Her control has been given to another woman.
The cool morning breeze blows up under her skirt and touches her bare skin. It sends shivers down her spine. Luckily for her, Marte has only turned the vibrating toy on low. The walk seems to be long, though they have only made it a half-block so far.
Marte turns to Jung Li and says, "How are you feeling?"
Really? She is supposed to answer? Is there a way to describe how she is feeling? It takes a few steps before Jung Li answers.
"Nervous. Excited."
Marte tries to give her a little comfort by telling her, "I was very much like you when I first met Terra. I was also given a challenge similar to the one you are doing today."
It is at this point that Marte removes the controller to the toy from her pocket and turns the center of the butterfly on to the "waves" setting. Jung Li now starts to feel the sensation of waves flowing between her spreading lips, in addition to the soft fluttering of the wings and head. She momentarily stops to gain her wits. Her knees shake. She feels like a Bambi dear trying to take it's first steps. Marte lends an arm and says, "Come on. We are almost to the bakery. Just one more block."
"Just one more block?" Jung Li thinks to herself. One more block seems like an eternity. She is not sure if she can make it that far. She takes hold of Marte's extended arm and begins walking again. The waves are making her so horny. She can feel them start from the bottom and slowly move upwards toward her swelling clit. The waves stop just prior to reaching her clit. Jung Li can feel her outer labia peeling back as she grows with excitement. This is causing the body of the butterfly to sink further between her legs. The wings and head of the butterfly toy are now pressing harder against her skin as well.
Jung Li starts to feel the cool breeze on her nipples as well. She looks down and notices that her hard nipples are poking through her shirt. She rubs them with her fingers in hopes of warming them up. It is no use, she quickly realizes it is not the breeze that is making them hard. The breeze is only teasing them, her being turned on is what has made them hard.
She tries to cover her breasts when Marte opens the door to the bakery for her. There is a line three deep when the two females enter the bakery. Marte stands behind Jung Li and presses her body up against Jung Li. Feeling a bit uncomfortable, Jung Li moves forward until she is just a few inches from the older gentleman in front of her. She looks around, feeling like everyone is staring at her. A mirror is on the wall in the corner of the bakery. Jung Li sees her reflection and realizes her face is flush.
Remembering she is supposed to call Terra, Jung Li pulls out her cell phone and looks for Terra in her contacts. She has troubles concentrating enough to scroll through her contacts. She sees Terra's number and presses the button to call her. Terra answers the call and asks Jung Li how she is feeling.
Jung Li is hesitant to answer. She is afraid to know what her voice will sound like. "I am doing okay.", she says with a shaky voice.
Terra instructs her new subject to keep the phone up to her ear until after she receives her order and is ready to leave. It is at this point that Jung Li realizes she is no longer covering her breasts. She looks down and sees her hard nipples poking through the tight shirt. She looks around and sees two teenage boys about her same age sitting below the mirror. She briefly catches their eye. One of the boys smiles wide at Jung Li. She blushes even more, trying to turn away from them. Jung Li cannot believe she is standing in a public place with a toy massaging her vagina. She can feel her chest moving up and down with each deep breath she takes.
Just when she thinks she has gotten the hang of things, Marte flips a switch on the remote control and changes the waves setting to a rolling setting. Jung Li's voice squeaks just before she gasps for air. Her inner walls now feel the sensations change direction. Instead of moving up, the waves are now rolling in a circular motion from the right side of her inner lips to the left side. Marte also turns the vibrations up to medium.
It is becoming hard for her to keep any semblance of control. Her body is starting to betray her. Her hands are starting to shake like she is nervous. She can no longer hold her hands up against her chest. The line in front of her moves forward. Jung Li carefully takes two steps forward. Her legs are beginning to feel like jelly. She is unsure how much longer she can stand. This whole situation is challenging.
With her breathing becoming heavy, Terra tells Jung Li she sounds wonderful. Terra mentions that her heavy breathing is a turn on. It is at this moment that Jung Li realizes how heavy she is breathing. She makes a concentrated effort to try and control her breathing, but the sensations are too much. She can feel an orgasm building. If the line doesn't move faster, she is going to have an orgasm before she even orders.
Marte moves from behind Jung Li and stands beside her. She can see sweat starting to form on Jung Li's forehead. It also comes to her attention that Jung Li's nipples are protruding through her shirt. Marte imagines this is what she looked like years ago, when she was standing in the same place waiting to order. She remembers how hard it was to concentrate. She remembers how the sensations would intensify and hit areas that it wasn't touching normally when she moved.
Jung Li makes it up to the counter. "I am here. What should I order?" Jung Li says into the phone. Terra gives her a list of things to order. Having troubles remembering everything, Jung Li just stares blankly at the man behind the counter.
"Let's go." someone shouts in line behind her.
"What is the order again?" Jung Li says with a shaky voice.
"I want three cream filled donuts, a dozen donut holes, a few glazed donuts like what is between your legs right now and whatever Marte and you want." Terra says.
The reference to glazing between her legs makes Jung Li even more self conscious. She realizes she needs to order. "Can I get...um...three creamy donuts."
"Three cream filled donuts?" the man behind the counter corrects her.
"Yesss." she responds, "And a dozen donut holes, annnnnd a few glazed donuts."
"Anything else?" he asks.
Marte leans in and whispers in her ear. "I want a jelly donut. A warm, creamy jelly donut."
The whispers send chills down Jung Li's neck. She cranes her neck back and moans softly. The chills run down her spine to the back of her legs. "And a jelly donut." she says, her voice quivering.
"Will that be all ma'am?" the man says with lust in his eyes. He is not sure what is going on, but this girl looks like she is in heat.
"Tell him what you want." Marte says out loud.
Jung Li cannot think anymore. She is having a hard time concentrating enough to even look at the menu, but she is starving. "Cherry croissant and egg sandwich" she blurts out.
"Will that be all?" the man asks, winking at her.
The moment the man finishes speaking, Marte pushes the vibrations even higher. Jung Li feels the intense vibrations just as she is starting to answer. "Yessssssssssss." she exclaims, sounding like she is having sex.
"That will be twelve dollars and thirty five cents." the man behind the counter says after collecting all the donuts, cherry croissant and egg sandwich.
Jung Li reaches out her hand and gives the man a twenty. She can visibly see her hand shaking as she leans up against the glass display to shift her weight away from her legs momentarily. The man hands her a plastic bag with all the goodies and gives her money in return.
When Jung Li spins around to leave, she accidentally runs into Marte. Everyone's eyes focus on Jung Li. She can only imagine what they think is going on with her. If they knew that she was soaking wet between the legs and on the verge of having an orgasm, they would attack her like wolves who smell blood.
Marte can smell the sex juices emanating around Jung Li. She can see the sweat running down Jung Li's face, the now pale looking cheeks, the look of desperation in her eyes. Together, they make their way out of the bakery. Marte lowers the vibrations down to the lowest settings and turns off the rolling setting.
"Thank you." Jung Li exclaims as the door closes behind her. "I was about to burst in there. I don't know how much longer I could have lasted."
Terra begins giggling. "You are doing a good job Jung Li. Keep it up and you will be done in no time. You can hang up the phone now. I will see you in a few minutes."
With that, Jung Li hangs up the phone. Marte takes the phone from Jung Li. The cool air hits her body and gives her a little relief from her overheating body. She can feel the sweat dripping down her arms now, she can hear and feel squishing between her legs with each step she takes.
Marte realizes that she is turned on herself. There is something about a woman being so turned on that has an effect on her. Maybe it was smelling the pheromones that Jung Li is releasing. Maybe it is seeing her body reactions and imagining it happening to her own body all over again. Marte intertwines her fingers with Jung Li's free hand. Jung Li's hands are so soft and tender.
"We are almost to our shop. It is right over there." Marte says to her new friend, pointing to the building on the right in the distance.
Upon arriving at the store, Marte hands the wireless remote to the butterfly toy over to Terra. Jung Li is excited that Terra is now in control of her pleasuring toy. What Jung Li doesn't know is that Terra is the more devious one of the two girls.
Terra invites Jung Li to take a seat. The seat is intentionally placed next to the big bay window facing the side walk. Jung Li makes her way over to the leather chair and sits. The sitting position presses the butterfly against her vagina, intensifying the vibrations. Jung Li immediately sits back in the chair and spreads her legs apart in an attempt to lessen the intensity. Using both hands, she pushes her skirt between her legs to cover her naked crotch.
Marte hands Jung Li her egg sandwich. Terra turns the vibrations down to a minimum and gives her a chance to eat. Jung Li has conflicting thoughts. On one hand, she wants to rid of her desires by orgasming. On the other hand, she is relieved to have a chance to catch her breath and eat.
Terra watches Jung Li eat from a distance. It is five minutes before the store opens for business. After a few bites of her sandwich, Terra turns the vibration knob from low to high. She leaves it there just a fraction of a second before returning the knob to low.
Jung Li is about to take a bite when the strong vibrations shock her body. She throws her head back and squeals. Her legs jump and spread open wider. She feels a jolt of excitement course through her clitoris and move through all the nerves of her body in a mere second. Her open when the sensations fall back to a minimum. To her relief she is able to take a few more bites before she is shocked again. This time, the vibrations last for a few seconds. The young Asian girl releases a deep moan as her hips begin to thrust up and down on the seat. Her hips fall back down onto the seat when Terra turns the toy off completely.
Jung Li turns the chair until she is facing Terra. "Am I done?" she asks with angst.
"No, my dear. I am simply giving you a break. Finish eating your breakfast and we will continue in a little bit." Terra says while stepping forward and stroking the back of Jung Li's hair.
"This is worse than having it on high." Jung Li thinks to herself. "No vibrations are killing me."
Her body suddenly feels weird, having been subjected to vibrations for more than 30 minutes now. She can feel her clit throbbing; her inner vagina is begging to be filled. Jung Li's nipples are hard. She can feel them ache as well.
Marte looks at Jung Li's heaving chest. She can make out the outlines of the twenty-something girl's nipples, through the tight shirt. Her areola are rounded like the shape of a baby feeding nipple. Her nipples are approximately an two inches wide and stick out almost an inch.
Marte remembers how good the girls made her feel when she was doing the challenge, just by touching her. She wants the girl to feel the same warmth so she walks behind Jung Li and softly runs her finger tips up and down the girl's arms. Her new friend closes her eyes and purrs like a kitten. A warm smile washes over her face.
After turning on the "Open" sign, Terra looks over at her subject and grins. Marte is making her feel welcome and cozy. That is about to end. Holding the controller in her left hand, Terra uses the fingers on her right hand to move the knobs. She changes the "Vibration" setting to "Tap" setting. This setting makes a tapping sensation. The higher the volume the closer and more intense the taps are to the clitoral area. She also turns the "Rolling" setting of the controller to the"Darting" setting. On the darting setting, a vibrations runs up then back down the length of the body. It repeats the action in various speeds. Terra turns the speed knob on the Tap and Darting to medium high and flips the on/off switch back to the "On" position.
Jolting back into the chair, Jung Li starts to pant. Terra can hear her moaning softly and smiles. A few groups of people walk past the store window and give Jung Li a weird look. She does not see them because her eyes are closed, engrossed in the pleasures.
The tapping sensations on her clit are driving her almost mad. She desires for a more complete and steady sensation. The taps are milliseconds apart. The darting motion feels similar to a tongue licking the length of her slit. It makes her feel wonderful.
At the beginning of the day, she would have never imagined she would be experiencing such a roller coaster of pleasuring sensations with two women she has only met twice before. Inside her head, she is fighting the impulse to tear Terra's clothes off and devour her. She is so sexually attracted to her, coupled with the raging hormones she is experiencing, that it is hard to fight the impulse.
"Why don't you stand and wave to people as they go by?" Terra says.
When Terra finishes speaking, two mid-aged women open the front door and begin to browse through the crafts and supplies. Marte walks away from Jung Li and greets the two ladies. Jung Li stands up. When she stands, she is relieved to find the toy is no longer as intense. She can feel the sweat dripping down her face. She wipes the sweat away with her hand and waves to people as they walk by. She is doing her best to smile through the torture. She is also doing her best to muffle her moans.
"You have a window greeter today?" One of the customer's asks.
Marte smiles, "Yes. She is a college student who needs to earn some service hours. We agreed to help her out."
As the hour goes by, Terra continually changes the settings. When she notices that Jung Li is getting close to an orgasm, she lowers the intensity or turns the toy off. After a few more minutes, she changes the type of vibrations and the intensity level.
Jung Li is reserved and has never really had many advances from her pears. She has often felt like she was invisible. She doesn't want to be the center of attention, just have a sliver of attention. Today, she is getting plenty of attention. Two teenage boys stop in front of the window and gawk at her with lust in their eyes. She is almost afraid. They turn around and walk inside the shop, making a beeline for Jung Li. Terra sees them and cuts them off.
"Can I help you guys?" she asks sharply.
"Umm, no thanks." One of the teenage boys replies. "I was just going to go say hi to the girl over there in the window."
Terra reaches into her pocket and turns the vibration knob up, sending more pleasure to Jung Li, who is still facing the window and trying to ignore boys. Her knees get momentarily week. She cannot help but let our a loud moan. Despite trying to hold back, she has lost the battle.
Terra replies, "I am sorry, but she is working. She is not able to talk to anyone at this time. Please move along."
Looking down, Terra notices a tent in the teenager's pants. She usher's them to the door and wishes them a wonderful day. Jung Li turns and gives Terra a "How dare you?" look for making her moan while the teenage boys were in the store. Terra looks at her watch, then walks over to Jung Li and puts her arm around her shoulders.
"I think you have had enough torture for one day. Why don't you follow me to the back room?" Terra says with a warm tone.
As they are walking to the back, Beth, their part-time helper walks into the store. Marte and Terra greet her. Terra looks at Marte and waves her free arm toward the back room, motioning for Marte to follow. Beth stands behind the counter with the register and faces the sale's floor. She is used to the two women heading off to the back room to do restocking or paperwork when she arrives.
Terra walks Jung Li to the couch sitting in the back of the office, set up in the far left corner of the back room. Marte follows the two females inside the office and closes the door behind her. After lying Jung Li down on the couch, Marte and Terra pull the blinds shut. Jung Li is following their every action with her eyes, wondering what is to come next.
Pulling chairs up next to the couch, the two store owners crowd around Jung Li. Marte softly places her hand on the college girl's knee. Terra pulls the adult toy remote from her pocket and looks deep into Jung Li's eyes.
"We are going to give you what you want now. Do you prefer touching or no touching?" Terra asks.
"Please, touch me." Jung Li responds, almost begging.
Without giving her a moment to change her mind, Terra begins tugging the tight shirt up over the college girl's head. Marte softly runs her finger tips up and down the upper thighs of Jung Li. Terra turns the intensity of the "Darting" action to high and moves the head and wings setting to "Flutter" before also raising the vibration level. It is a matter of seconds before Terra is kissing, licking and caressing Jung Li's breasts. Marte gently places her left hand on the top of the butterfly toy and presses it firmly against Jung Li.
Her moans grow loud. Her hips start thrusting in the air, pressing against Marte's hand. All the built up want and desire is finally working toward a release. Her hormones are going crazy. The touch of the two females make her feel more pleasure than she has ever felt before. Her mind is becoming fuzzy, unable to think. She grabs Terra by the back of the neck and pulls her head upwards until their lips connect. Terra kisses her passionately for a few seconds, then pulls away, not wanting to make Marte jealous.
Jung Li lunges to grab Terra once more, but Terra moves away. Terra grabs Marte by the arm and pulls Marte toward Jung Li. They switch places. Marte softly caresses one of Jung Li's breasts and slowly leans in to kiss her. Their lips connect and become sealed with passion.
Terra takes the opportunity to manipulate Jung Li's vagina. She presses down hard on the butterfly and feels Jung Li's hips shoot up into the air. When her hips stop, Terra releases the pressure on the butterfly. When the hips fall to the couch, Terra applies the pressure once again, only to remove it when the hips push up. She repeats this several times.
It does not take long before the sensations all become too much. Jung Li pulls her mouth away from Marte and gasps for air then releases a long, steady string of moans. The moans are loud and forceful. Finally, her body submits itself to the vibrations and let's go of all the locked muscles. Her orgasm washes over her with the force of a mack truck. Wave after wave of pleasure hit her body. It takes several minutes before she is able to come down from the orgasm.
When she does come down, her body is completely spent. The teasing and tension has warn her out. She lays on the couch panting, doing her best to breath. Marte is softly kissing her neck and massaging her shoulder. Terra cannot fight the urge to see the beautiful flower beneath the butterfly toy. She loosens the straps around her thighs and slides the toy over her heels.
The sight of the swollen, glistening lips captivates Terra's attention. Without thinking, her hand reaches out and softly strokes the lips. Terra does all she can to keep from lapping up the juices that have flown from inside Jung Li. Terra lifts her wet index finger to her mouth and samples the taste. She realizes that the smell has only made her all that much more horny herself.
"Let's let her rest a bit." Marte says in a soft voice so low it is almost a whisper.
The two of them stand up. Terra grabs hold of Marte's face and kisses her with a hard, passionate kiss that lasts several seconds. Marte finally pulls away for a breath of air. Her eyes open wide, surprised by the intense kiss.
"Wow!" is all she can say.
"I love you so much. Thank you." Terra responds.
The two ladies leave Jung Li to rest and help customers in the store front for almost an hour. When the store traffic slows down, Terra goes to the back to check on Jung Li.
Jung Li is sitting on the couch. She has put her clothes back on. Her elbow is resting on the side of the couch and propping her head up. He lifts her head slightly when she hears the door open. She looks Terra into the eyes.
"Hello, beautiful." Terra says, breaking the silence. "Did you enjoy the challenge?"
Jung Li can not help but smile wide, grinning from ear to ear. "Yes." She says in a soft, cute voice.
Terra senses a hint of shyness in her reply. "You did wonderful. It was amazing and such a turn on to hear you order breakfast and to watch you over by the window. You make an excellent student. Here is $50. I know you didn't ask to be paid, but you deserve this. You are free to go if you would like."
With the huge smile still on her face, Jung Li says, "Do you mind if I just rest here a bit longer? That took a lot out of me. I have never felt so much pleasure or joy like this before. I did not know my body could respond that way. To be honest with you, it was frightening to be around people while wearing that device, but in a way, it was also a turn on."
"If you would like to expand your horizons even more, you have my number." Terra said, hoping she would see Jung Li again soon.
Terra exits the office and grabs a hand full of supplies to restock the sales floor. A little while later, when Marte, Terra and Beth are chatting by the register, Jung Li emerges from the back. Marte leans forward and gives Jung Li a long, warm hug. Jung Li thanks the girls for the experience and waves goodbye. Beth gives the girls a questioning look.
Terra nips the inquiring in the butt. "We asked her to do some work for us to give her service hours for college."
Marte cannot wait to take Terra home and make sweet love to her after work. She knows Terra feels the same way. In fact, she wonders if Terra will be able to wait until they get home. This challenge has also been a challenge for Marte. Never before has she let a stranger into her close knit circle of sexual actions.