CHAPTER 4: MORE GUYS
Ronnie had carried me to the deck still anchored on him by his cock. On the deck, he sat on an armless rocking chair I leave out when it doesn't look like rain. He was casually rocking back and forth as I sat in his lap with his cock still stuffed up my pussy. The rocking had the delightful effect of keeping him from going completely soft and keeping me aroused.
His fingers took my nipples and squeezed. I flinched slightly to the delicious small pain. He was thinking. Now what I wondered. Finally, he looked me in the eyes as his hands massaged my breasts and nipples. "Have you ever... thought about... imagined... wondered about..." He paused as if building the nerve. This was another step and he was wondering. To encourage him, I squeezed with my pussy muscles. He felt it and smiled. "What about multiple men?"
There it was. He had shown me to his friends, now he was imagining sharing me. I stopped the rocker and searched his eyes. Was he serious or was he teasing me to shock me? I felt his cock grow inside my pussy, felt it lengthen, felt it thicken. What an amazing feeling to have a cock inside you and have it big enough that you can feel it change as the man it is attached to becomes aroused. Of course... that very arousal means the idea of sharing me with his friends does excite him. It's more than a tease, then.
I clench my pussy around his growing cock. "Why would you want to have other men... fuck me?"
He kissed my nipples, then, "You're an amazing woman, Amy. You're excited by new things and experiences. This woman you are now after this summer... this woman was always inside you, just held back, trapped, imprisoned by expectations and societal convention. You've tried so much and loved it all, every new step. This is another progression... from weekends of fucking the same man to more fucking in shorter time frames."
I released my resistance to rocking and raised up and dropped back down to add to the motion. Yes... the idea excited me, too. Why? For the very reason he just explained, I suppose. A natural progression to everything else that I've allowed to happen... wanted to happen.
I clenched around his cock as I raised to the very tip of the head and slammed back down, smacking his thighs at the bottom. He groaned but continued to watch my facial reaction. My body was answering but he was wanting more. I appreciated that about him. Yes, he pushed sometimes when I wasn't prepared like exposing me to his friends in the boat but he had us separated and me safe. I leaned down, my hips still moving on him, his cock again rigid inside me, my pussy a swamp of new lubrication and spent cum.
"They... if we... do this... your friends... they... will be... respectful? They... won't treat... me like... a slut?"
He took my face in his hands and kissed me, then peering into my eyes, "They will... ugh... treat you... as someone... important to me... someone I respect and... lo... hmm... care about... tremendously."
God... he almost said the word I've been fighting to hold back myself. Before the summer is over, I can do this for him, for myself before all this ends.
Over the following days, we talked about it much more. We talked without his cock being inside me, without the possibility of our fucking influencing the discussion. That qualification of how we approached the final decision was as much him as me, another indication to me as to just how much his attitude about me was so much more than merely being a fuck-buddy.
We settled on a weekday evening. Ronnie would coordinate that both of them were assisting him on the same day. I would show up with a picnic-type dinner, Ronnie would be sure to have beer available. Ronnie's thought was the weekday evening managed the time better to eliminate a potential expectation of the activity going beyond my comfort range. I appreciated that, too. Then he added, a twinkle in his eyes, that I show up by boat and naked. I was almost always naked here at the cabin and it had extended to trips out in the boat. It seemed the only time I had clothes on anymore was when I left the property for shopping. I agreed. Another nervous thing but an exciting thing. If I was going to fuck them, why not show up naked?
On the appointed day, I busied myself with cooking so I wouldn't dwell too hard on what I was about to do: the wife of a conservative Southern business executive fucking three black men. Figuring all men like fried chicken, I prepared a pile of it after running into town (moments of wearing clothes). To go with the chicken, I peeled and boiled potatoes for potato salad and baked some cornbread. That should keep their fingers active with something other than my body.
I had the boat tied alongside the dock, placed two cardboard boxes of food on the floor of the seating area in front of the console, and stood on the dock giving this one more thought. It barely occurred to me any longer that I stood exposed, naked on the dock as there were likely only a few fishermen on the lake during the week. Still, I was naked, and the breeze blowing humid air over my body reminded me of that fact. Not only naked, though, about to take another huge step in sexual experience. My... what a summer this has been. And pregnant. I hated for the summer to end for what I had waiting for me when I returned to Harold and the conversation waiting for me there. That was then, though, and this was now. I carefully stepped into the boat, released the stern line, then moved to the bow where I released that line and pushed back, out, and away from the dock. I turned the ignition, heard the soft gurgle, used reverse, then turned the wheel as I set it forward, increasing the throttle slowly.
A short distance from the dock, I turned the wheel again to make a deep loop into the lake before heading for the Johnson place. If he was watching, Ronnie would be pleased.
Approaching the Johnson dock I reversed the motor to slow my approach and quickly dropped the bumpers over the side, bow, and stern. The sound brought Ronnie out first, then the other two. Ronnie was jogging down the path to the dock as the other two stood on the deck. He tied off the front line, then moved to the stern as I held the boat close.
"You did it," he said as he passed me to the stern, "I was expecting you might decide not to."
I looked to the cabin as I stood to hand the boxes of food up to him. "I figured, if I was intending to fuck them, anyway... what the hell..." He laughed and waved the other two guys down.
I had one foot in the boat and the other on the dock as Ronnie held my hand for support when the guys arrived. With my legs open and my breasts hanging below me, I heard a muttered, "God damn" with their first confirmed recognition of my nakedness.
The boxes sat between us as Ronnie re-introduced us. It was an awkward moment. I was naked, they were bare-chested, and they didn't understand why. I stepped over the boxes and bravely gave each a full hug and a short kiss on the lips. They moaned at the feel of my naked body pressing into them, making sure to press my groin into theirs in the process. Despite my initiating the hug and being naked they didn't seem to know what to do with their hands, maybe especially with Ronnie being there and not understanding why Ronnie was so casual with the woman he's spent the summer with flaunting her body.
Ronnie laughed at the apparent awkwardness, told them this was all planned and we were going to have a very enjoyable evening after eating. I blushed profusely as he came up behind me, pulled me to his body, and fondled one breast while slipping the other down my abdomen. I parted my legs slightly as a finger pressed down to stroke my clit and pussy. Two sets of eyes watched intently and it was a long moment before they rose to verify the reaction on my face. Aside from the blush, what they found reflected there was arousal and acceptance.
The eating was primal. The conversation was stilted. They were all obviously extremely hungry but their minds were solidly fixed on what Ronnie had said about having an enjoyable evening. My being there naked allowed only one possibility to them. It took a while before I stopped blushing. My mind was preoccupied, too. With the coming evening certainly, there was security in only one man but I trusted Ronnie.
Eating was a frenzy; cleanup was merely throwing everything back into the boxes. Ronnie took my hand and stood me up. Again, Ronnie openly fondled my naked body in front of his friends. He clarified the obvious and I reached a height of arousal that was again new.
Ronnie whispered in my ear. I blushed, again, as the exact moment arrived and he was asking me to initiate it. My own hand unconsciously rose to fondle the other breast, I fixed my eyes on each of the other men, then turned, stepped to the railing, and bent over it, my feet spread wide. Not another word was said, though there was plenty of sounds: gasps at the final acceptance of the evening seeing my invitation, chairs being scraped on the wood floor as they rose, buckles and zippers opening and falling to the floor. Ronnie appeared next to me, his hand stroking my back, his head straining around to kiss me. I turned to receive his kiss as one of the men pressed a hard cock to my pussy. I groaned into Ronnie's mouth as the head of another sizable black cock opened my lips and pressed inside. Another hand grasped a hanging, swinging breast as Ronnie penetrated my mouth with his tongue and the cock in my pussy pulled and pressed until I felt his hips against my ass and it moving deep inside.
I moaned. I gasped. I sighed. I broke the kiss and hung my head over the side of the railing. I didn't know which of the other two men was inside me and that sent a shiver through, too. I was being fucked aggressively and I didn't know who it was. I only knew it wasn't Ronnie, the only other man I had ever had sex with besides my husband, the man who impregnated me, the man I was consumed physically and emotionally with. How would I give him up? There was no choice in that matter. For now, though, all I wanted was to experience yet another level of sexual high.
After both men had fucked me from behind, dumped their cum in me, and brought me to two wonderful orgasms, Ronnie turned me and led me to a chair where he sat, turned me to face the others, and sat me down on his cock. My legs were outside his, the view of his black cock disappearing into my white pussy unobstructed. They had taken fresh bottles of beer and sat fixated by the scene before them, a scene more obscene and blatant than they could pay to view at the most liberal strip joint. They watched and I watch them, my arousal and stimulation rising by the performance I was shamelessly giving. Ronnie wasn't fucking me; I was using his long cock to fuck as I rose to the top of his glistening black pole only to slam back down the full length. The intense look of their eyes on what I was doing, the cock showing and disappearing, my breast bouncing and swaying, my mouth uttering words I never use surrounded by moans and sighs, all combined with the physical stimulation of Ronnie's big cock stretching and filling me to bring me to a third glorious orgasm.
I fell back against Ronnie's body, his hands around me for support as I allowed my body to completely sag held not only by his hands but his cock, and my legs still lewdly spread outside his. My slowly focusing eyes fixed on the two men in front of us. I gave them smiles and my own eyes lighted on their now mostly flaccid cocks between their casually splayed legs. Not quite as large as Ronnie, they would certainly qualify for big black cocks and similarly thick. I had just been fucked by three unusually large black cocks and none of us looked like we were done. Maybe a short rest for me.
One of the guys offered me a beer. I almost reached for it but remembered. Pregnant equals no alcohol. I asked for water, not having any desire to lift myself off the cock inside me.
It wasn't very long, though, before one of the guys stood, took my hand, and pulled me off Ronnie's softened cock. Even softened his cock was long enough to remain inside me and, when it slid out, a long stream of cum from the three of them followed. The sight should have been embarrassing, instead, it was stimulating.
We moved inside to the bedroom where I knelt with three black cocks around me. I moved from one cock to the next, licking and sucking not only the flesh but the combination of spent semen and juice from each. A shiver went through me with the conscious recognition of the slight taste difference between them. I was very used to effectively cleaning Ronnie's cock of our climaxes while working his cock hard for another fuck. Tasting three different men was new and extremely erotic.
It didn't take much effort on my part to have them hard, again. I was moved onto the bed on my back where I eagerly opened my legs wide in an invitation to whichever man might take the initiative first. It wasn't Ronnie but he was next to my head with his cock touching my cheek. I turned my head with an open mouth and he pressed into it. Soon, I felt another cock on my other cheek. I released Ronnie and turned my head with an open mouth to welcome this other cock. It continued this way, back and forth, while the third man fucked me vigorously.
When cock and pussy mutually climaxed, Ronnie turned me and raised my hips. This was familiar and I got my knees underneath me as Ronnie plunged mightily with his long pole into me. Before me were two cock, hard and waiting for my mouth to open which it did as I gasped at Ronnie's powerful thrust. The cock that entered had fresh cum on it and I greedily sucked it off, taking the cock deep into my mouth and throat.
"Damn... I'm... she's... I'm in her throat," he stuttered out between gasps.
The cocks switched in my mouth, this one thrusting in. I was prepared and opened my throat to his efforts. I played with my throat muscles around him and received deep groans, moans, and grunts as he essentially began fucking my throat. This was slightly new. I had fucked Ronnie down my throat but this one was not controlled by me. Nonetheless, he was considerate, giving me ample time to get breaths between deep penetrations. When I felt him pulse in my throat, I pulled back to have my mouth filled to overflowing with cum. My resulting orgasm caused my pussy to spasm around Ronnie which brought him to climax, too.
I collapsed on my stomach, Ronnie's cock slipping out of my swampy hole. I received multiple kisses on my head, shoulders, and back, and expressions of thanks and gratitude. I felt the bed moving and someone settling down alongside me. I opened my eyes to find Ronnie. He kissed my nose which felt exceedingly loving and reassuring. I shifted enough to drape an arm and leg over him.
"What's happening," I mumbled with an awareness that we seemed to be alone.
"I called it a night. It's well into dusk and will be dark soon. You still have to motor back down to your place."
I raised my head to focus on him better. "Do I have to?" He smiled. He had spent weekends with me at my cabin where I felt secure. "Go see your friends off. Put the remaining food in the refrigerator, then come back to bed."
"Yes, ma'am." The 'ma'am' was a tease but he moved quickly to comply. We fucked twice more that night between periods of sleep before the sun came up. I declined breakfast in the morning, choosing to be in the boat and gone before the other guys arrived for the new day's labors. I figured it would be easier for all of us. I knew it would be for me. It was an amazing night of debauchery but I knew embarrassment would surface if I were to face them in the new day.
We were on my deck in the rocking chair after dinner and our second fuck of the evening, the first after dinner. I was sitting facing him, his wonderful cock still deep inside me, my body resting on his, my head on his shoulder. He softly rocked us back and forth, that simple action moving his cock inside my pussy to keep us just aroused enough that recovery was only a pause before taking up another position. He has teased me that I am insatiable. Of course, I can legitimately give him the same tease back.
His fingers lightly stroked from my ass cheeks to my neck. I could have purred (if I could) at the sensual feel of his fingers on my skin with his cock gently moving inside me.
"When do you have to leave, Amy?" he muttered in my ear.
It was a question we'd avoided successfully but summer was coming to an end. Evidence was everywhere with back-to-school sales and surrounding cabins being used less and less even on weekends. It was a conversation I had dreaded because it also signified a much more difficult, tense, and probably anger-filled confrontation to come when I returned home and confessed my pregnancy.
"A couple weeks. There's no firm time but there is something that needs my presence at home."
"I'm sure," he mumbled. "Home."
I raised up and looked into his eyes, holding his gaze with mine. "Ronnie, you've given me the most wonderful gift I've yearned for since getting married." Damn! His eyes reflected confusion. Yearned for? Why did you admit that? As far as he knows, he gave sex and friendship and he knows by my admission I was too naive to have yearned for anything. "I won't forget you or this summer, Ronnie." I mashed a kiss and ground my pussy over his cock. Divert him.
I could tell my belly was rounder. If he noticed, he had been a gentleman and assuming a little weight gain didn't mention it. Soon, it would become more pronounced.
"You've shown me such wonderful sexual things," I blurted while still trying to divert his thinking about my saying too much. I was blushing, again. I had his cock in my pussy, naked on the deck, but I was about to ask him. "Is there one more thing I could experience?"
Mission success. He was definitely diverted. He smiled that lecherous smile that told me he was thinking something I might never have dreamed of doing. I've seen that smile a lot over the summer.
He chuckled. "There is something I'd love to try. My first time, too." I raised up and dropped back down, the action causing the rocker to move adding that feel, too. "Anal." I pulled my head from his shoulder and stared at him. "Everything you experienced with willingness and eagerness, all of it has been outside your experience or consideration before. Everything but missionary, that is. Anal, it's one of those taboos, isn't it? Like fucking a black man?"
"You know I don't feel that way and never did," I replied defensively.
"I know you didn't," he responded and adding a quick kiss on my lips. "But... I bet your Harold does."
Wow, did he plan that? What a sneaky maneuver to getting me to agree...
It didn't happen immediately. No way was I about to try to get his pole to be the first into my tight hole. Instead, the next morning he had a shopping bag for me when he arrived by boat as he had been doing every morning since the first time. And, like most of those other times, I was naked on the dock waiting with coffee for us to share. I tied the bowline to a dock cleat and he joined me sitting on the end of the dock, our feet dangling in the still, cold water of morning.
I put down my mug and opened the bag. I didn't even know where in the region he might have had to go last night to find these things. He nudged me with his shoulder and suggested it might be easier to go at my own pace by myself. Inside the bag were three sex toys and a tube. The tube was sex-lubrication. The sex toys were anal beads that progressively got bigger, a vibrating dildo (half the width of his cock), and a butt-plug that looked huge. All were in wrappings.
We didn't even fuck that morning. It wasn't anything either of us indicated a lack of interest for. God... since the first fuck, my desire for more of his cock has been consuming and led me to every new thing that has brought us to try this. Anal. It seemed, on its face, absurd that his pole could fit inside my asshole much less be pleasurable, at least for me. He professed it would also be his first time but he was so confident and my trust in him was complete.
I was still sitting on the end of the dock fingering the items and considering their use as he puttered back to the Johnson place when my situation hit me. I did. My trust in Ronnie after only the summer months was utterly complete. I always knew, regardless of what he suggested or what we tried, he had me, he had me safe, and he wouldn't let anything harm me. And I was leaving that; I was leaving him in only weeks. For what? He wouldn't be there to protect me but it had to be done, regardless of the outcome. These last weeks weighed on me and I fought to keep it from Ronnie. I chuckled to myself. As he'd taken care of me, I was protecting him from my fears and turmoil. No matter what happened after these last few weeks, at least I could give Ronnie this last thing, this last experience, and share it with him. That was my drive. With the new sun warming my bare back, I was determined to prepare my asshole for his monster cock to fuck it.
That was how I spent hours the following few days. In between preparing to leave the cabin, possibly never to see it again, and the normal activities, I quickly established a routine of progression from anal beads to a dildo. Late the second day I set the lubricated plug on a wooden chair on the deck, lubricated my asshole, and began sitting down over it. This was different, very different from the other toys. The end quickly increased in diameter to large before suddenly narrowing. Getting that large portion inside would be an effort but after my sphincter closed around the narrow end might require more to remove it.
I had taken the anal beads to the largest ball and the feel of the smaller balls so far up my anal passage turned out to be amazing. I wouldn't have believed that stimulation of my ass would be pleasurable but it was. The dildo, much smaller than Ronnie, was also comfortable... relatively. As I pressed down on the plug and my asshole began to stretch and open, the efforts with the other toys had prepared me well. I gritted my teeth as I pressed down to take the wider portion and despite a feeling of potential tearing I was now confident there wouldn't be any. I gasped out a breath I hadn't realized I was holding when the bulb popped inside and I was sitting on the wood seat of the chair. I glimpsed the rocker where Ronnie and I had enjoyed fucks, rose awkwardly and sat in that chair. The rocking motion with my filled ass was amazing. The plug rubbed a spot inside next to my vagina and a shiver shot through me. For some reason I always thought that vaginal insertion was required for orgasm but Ronnie had shown me through oral alone that wasn't true. Could only anal stimulation produce an orgasm? Was that a thing?
The phone rang inside. I rose and walked awkwardly, slightly bow-legged, to reach it in the kitchen. The attorney I had contacted. I heard she was a pit bull in a divorce case and some speculated she might just hate men. I wasn't sure I would need a lawyer but I was afraid I might. I was shocked that she had done research on Harold already and would be doing more. She didn't even know if I would be retaining her, yet. She told me to consider, seriously consider, what I would like for the divorce. For the divorce? She had chuckled, she told me he would only THINK he is in control but she assured me I was. I didn't understand how that could be. I was the unfaithful one, the one who took a lover and ended up pregnant. How did that put me in control? When I hung up, I shrugged it off. She was a contingency, only. I returned to doing what I needed to do, my ass filled with a rubber plug. And enjoying it immensely.
I had taken the plug out after a while but noticed it was getting close to the time when Ronnie might be quitting for the day. I washed all the toys after removing them so I reapplied lubrication to the plug before propping it against the seat of a chair to press it back inside. Then, I anxiously anticipated the sound of an outboard that would announce his approach.
I found walking quickly with the plug in my ass a very strange and still erotic feeling. I arrived onto the dock as he coasted to it. He never failed to admire my naked body and it was another of the things about him that continuously pleased me. After all this time naked with him, he never took it for granted and always gave me the impression of enjoying it.
I tied off the bowline as he grabbed the edge of the dock to step onto it. I stood before him with a huge smile on my face.
"You look pleased about something," he commented.
I nodded hard enough my breasts jiggled which he also enjoyed. "Yes... I have something for you to enjoy." He asked what and I turned around and bent over at the waist and peered around at him. He gasped and stared. "Take it out, Ronnie. I want to feel you in me there. I'm well lubed so just take me how you want to." He hesitated. "We've fucked here before."
I dropped to my hands and knees wiggling my ass back and forth. I heard his shorts drop to the wood planks of the dock, then felt his fingers grasping the protruding end of the plug. I sucked in a breath as he began to tug. I moaned at the feeling of being stretched open as the plug slowly began coming out. I used the strong muscles of my ass to assist and finally felt the widest part of the plug pass and the sphincter closing and pushing the rest out. There was a slight breeze off the lake and I felt it inside my ass proving how gaping the hole must be. I knew it would close quickly but it was now pliable and Ronnie wasn't going to hesitate any longer.
Before I could even glance over my shoulder to encourage him, I felt his cock at the gaping hole. His cock slid in and I felt my ass close around the new intrusion. After the plug, this was a wonderful filling as he slowly moved to press more and more of his big cock up my ass until I felt his heavy ball sack smack my empty pussy. I was moaning like crazy. I wouldn't have believed his massive black pole could fit inside but it was and I was loving it.
My ass clenched tightly around his cock and he groaned. I was sighing and gasping and moaning for us to form an erotic chorus. I pushed back and he thrust forward, our bodies smacking together. He held my hips to pull and thrust at the same time while I added even more effort of my own. The result was a pounding like none I had before. The idea of this had us both supercharged in anticipation and the reality was beyond what I, at least, expected.
I felt him swell and pulse and my ass responded by clamping down harder. He spewed cum in huge volumes or, at least, it felt like it. Only a moment after his first spurt of cum I orgasmed, too. I knew I would. I just knew I was anal orgasmic, too.
Ronnie slowly pulled out and we collapsed to our backs side-by-side on the dock. Both of us breathing heavily and sweating under the early evening sun, I could care less if someone was out on the lake.
"My God, Amy. You orgasmed without other stimulation."
I rolled to my side and rested my head on his shoulder. "I noticed," I giggled. "Thank you, Ronnie. That was amazing."
We had only days left in the summer. I honestly wondered how I was going to handle not having Ronnie to rely on. It wasn't just the sex as it turned out. He was someone very special, someone I truly trusted in every way. In those last days, I came to realize I never had such a person in my life. And, in only days, I wouldn't again.
We agreed this would be our last night. It was still a few days before the end of the week I had set for leaving and when Mr. Carlson would come to close the cabin up for me. I wondered if I'd ever see the place, again. But, tomorrow would be the day when the Johnson's arrived to do a walk-through inspection of Ronnie's summer efforts. It had been 'our' way that Ronnie show up by boat. It seemed a fitting conclusion to our summer with this night the last that would be possible.
Our last night. An old-recipe chicken pot pie is sitting in the cooling oven untouched. As if we both strove to relive wonderful moments of the summer, we've not stopped fucking since he arrived by boat for the last time. I met him on the dock naked more than a little nervous about the increasing but still slight swell of my belly. He clamored out of the boat, we hugged and kissed in plain view for long minutes before he guided me to the dock planks and fucked me missionary. That first fuck of the evening encapsulated everything built up inside us ready to explode and our orgasms did just that. I cried out loudly and he grunted in a mutual release.
After our release, after his cum washed my pussy for what seemed like the millionth time this summer, he was leaned over me slowly moving his still hard cock in and out in short strokes while my pussy flexed around it as if our very bodies were communicating what we didn't dare say to each other.
Impossibly, his cock didn't seem to completely soften or I refused to allow it to as I continually stroked it by hand or mouth and tongue. We seemed to be on a one-night journey of remembrance through position after position, room after room re-experiencing what Ronnie had opened me to through the summer.
Fittingly, it had all led to this moment when he really should be gone as it was very late and dark with no moon to assist him down along the shore to the Johnson place. But this was our last time, the last thing, the last experience. Anal. I was on my back in bed. This was actually new; we hadn't done it this way. He flipped the tube of lubrication to the side after preparing his cock and my asshole. I shivered, as I usually did, at the touch of his lubed finger at my clenched asshole. It was exciting and taboo every time.
He lifted my knees and pressed them to my chest, presenting my pussy and asshole clearly to him. He pressed his lubed cock head at my puckered hole and pressed harder. Having been opened regularly, it seemed, since that first time, either by cock or toy in anticipation of him, the tight hole opened grudgingly at first with tension but accepted the intrusion without significant pain. He paused, as he always did, when the head penetrated, allowing the sphincter to adjust to the stretch. Then, he pressed deeper and deeper, pulling back and pressing. This position was fascinating for me as I could actually watch it sink deeper and deeper, his black pole into my white body just as into my pussy. Soon he was thrusting deep and hard into my ass. The fingers of one hand began playing over my pussy and clit, one suddenly thrust into my dripping pussy, then a second. Then he suddenly stopped. He leaned to the side and stretched for the bedside drawer but couldn't reach it.
I watched him puzzled, then frustrated when he completely pulled out of my ass, the muscles clamped around him tightly as if my ass was attempting to refuse his leaving. Leave he did, though. This allowed him to reach the drawer and he came back holding the dildo. I was confused. Surely, he wasn't going to fuck with that when he had a hard cock.
He easily re-inserted his cock into my ass, pressing my knees back to my breasts. Then, with a devilish look, he turned on the dildo and lightly pressed it to my wet and ready pussy. As he braced himself with one hand and flexed his hips to thrust in and out of my ass, he used the other to slide the vibrating tip of the dildo over my lips and very engorged and sensitive clit. I moaned sharply at the first touch of it to my clit and gasped even more sharply when the tip left my clit after several moments and was abruptly thrust into my pussy and slid along his cock in the next chamber. Pulling it back, he pressed the tip up as he brought it to the front where he held it for a long moment as I shook and cried out in a tremendous anal-vaginal-g-spot induced orgasm.
He left the dildo inside me gently humming as he very slowly moved his cock in my ass. My eyes slowly refocused as my breathing evened. He was bracing himself over me with both hands on the bed, the dildo shoved deep inside me and remaining despite the continued spasming, opening, and closing in the final moments of orgasmic recovery.
"I thought about... suggesting a... double penetration," he softly said into my face between kisses, "but didn't want... to share you... in the last days we had."
I reached up and held his face and kissed him with all the passion consuming me. "Is... is that... what it's like?"
He smiled, "Without the vibration." I laughed with him
I felt his cock pulse inside me. The vibrator left humming alongside his cock had to be over-stimulating him. "I want you to cum. I want your cum in my ass, again, Ronnie."
He adjusted his support and turned the dildo to the highest setting and shoved it deep inside me. He gave me a look. I was going to cum, again, that was his plan.
It was truly mind-blowing. I thought the high setting could be too much, too distracting but it wasn't. Not like this. He left the dildo alone and focused on powerfully thrusting into my ass. His thrusting with his pelvis striking the protruding dildo move it randomly inside me, often pressing high toward my clit and connected g-spot, sometimes low along his cock, sometimes just deep inside. Our climaxes, when they came, were joint and beyond wonderful. My body quaked and shivered. My pussy and asshole spasmed and clenched hard around the real and artificial phallus inside.
I couldn't bear to accompany Ronnie to the dock this last time. I remained in bed as he sought his discarded clothes and dressed. Several times he seems to notice my slightly swelling belly, but he doesn't say anything. He merely places his hand on my belly, opens his mouth slightly before kissing me, his eyes searching as if willing me to say something. I had decided a long time ago not to.
Now to face Harold and say the things that will likely, one way or another, change my life.