I have been a fan of this site for several years. This is my first attempt to give something back. Any constructive criticism and/or thoughts would be appreciated. Thanks!
************************
The hot water was cascading down over their entangled bodies. His arms were wrapped tightly around her waist, squeezing her firmly as he thrusted his engorged member into her time and time again. Her face and chest were pressed against the cold tile, their chill combined with the hot water and the fire rising inside her body was an incredible juxtaposition, like the cold sweats one gets with a fever. He raised his hands to massage her breasts while bending his neck to lick hers. The intense passion of their lovemaking and the over stimulation of her senses quickly brought a tingling to her toes, a telltale sign of her impending orgasm. Her breath came in short, quick bursts. Sensing the change in her body, her husband Todd began to pound into her with reckless abandon. Just as she began to voice her cries of orgasm induced pleasure; he thrusted one final time, shooting his load deep inside of her swollen and soaked pussy. Their bodies twitched and spasmed repeatedly as they came together.
"Mrs. Parker? Did you hear me?" The thick Hispanic accent of Maria, the senior member of her cleaning staff interrupted Stacy Parker's day dream. Her sex life with her husband Todd had been declining over the last few months and the wonderful romp in the shower this morning was making it hard for her to focus.
"I'm sorry Maria. What did you say?" Stacy shook herself, clearing her mind in order to concentrate on the task at hand.
"I said I filled out the supply slip and put it in your box."
"Oh okay, no problem. I'll be sure to sign off on it after I make my rounds this morning." Giving Maria a pleasant smile, Stacy grabbed her clipboard and stood up from her desk. "Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to check the stock in the gift shop. I'll meet up with you in 30 minutes to check the rooms."
Stacy had been the manager of The Cielo hotel for 5 years. It is an old, elegant 5-Star hotel in Miami Gardens. With 200 rooms and year-round minimum of 90% capacity, running the hotel was two handfuls of work and then some. It took some time to get adjusted to the task. But Stacy was more than equipped to handle it. She was a smart, strong, and confident young woman. Not to mention successful for her age. Having graduated from the University of Miami with a degree in hotel management, Stacy worked for a few smaller hotels in the South Florida area before being promoted to her current position. At 30 years of age she was the youngest manager in the hotels long and illustrious history. And while not the only woman to hold the position, she was by far the most attractive; a point which had been problematic a few different times with both male and female staff members over the years. Standing at 5'3'' (without heels) Stacy was a woman who certainly turned heads. A thin, decently muscular lady, she never considered herself to be a beauty. But how many women really do? Far from voluptuous, she had average B-sized breasts, with a firm, shapely ass that she took pride in; in fact it was the one physical feature of her body that Stacy believed set herself apart from other women. Her medium length straight brown hair, square thick-framed glasses, and preferred business suit with pencil skirt attire gave her the look of a serious professional. She ran her hotel in tight fashion, rarely having issues she didn't see to personally.
Stacy and Todd met at UM, dated for two years, and then got married. He was a successful bank manager, and while their professional lives were certainly successful, their personal lives had become strained. The first few years were easy; neither of them had been promoted to their current position. They spent their days bending over backwards for their bosses and their nights bending over for each other. But as both of their professional lives had gotten more serious they found they had less and less time for each other. As the saying goes, the honeymoon was over, and the monotony of everyday life had set in. They had a passionate, if relatively vanilla, sex life which they maintained in the beginning. But as of late, even that had begun to fall by the wayside. It was for this reason that her mind was continuously returning to the much needed release they had experienced this morning.
Putting the final touches on her gift shop inventory, Stacy walked back in to the exquisitely decorated main lobby of The Cielo Hotel. As she walked up to the front desk to meet Maria she overheard Eric, a young new maintenance worker talking to Josephine, a Guest Services Representative at the front desk.
"So now on top of the fact that we are short-handed setting up for the Senators fundraiser, the water heater on the 4thfloor is out and I've got to go take care of that." He said.
"I for one can't see how complaining to a fellow employee in full view of the guests is helping you accomplish either of those tasks Eric." Stacy snapped quickly while walking up to her young staff members. "Get back to the ballroom, you're needed more there. I will take care of the heater on 4."
"Yes ma'am." Eric said abashedly
"And as for you Jo, I expect better. You've been here long enough to know that our top priority is creating an atmosphere of ease and relaxation for our guests. Complaints do not belong out here on the floor."
"Yes Mrs. Parker, of course, you're right."
Though Josephine was talking to Stacy, the young girls' eyes were glued to Eric's ass as he walked away. Following the young woman's gaze Stacy couldn't help but admire the young man's physique as well. He was young, a little over 21, lean and muscular and tan; the kind of young stud that could surely make any woman soar and scream.
'Damn girl, get a grip!'She chided herself. Try as she might she couldn't seem to escape these thoughts. It was like she was sixteen all over again. Everywhere she looked, all she saw was sex. Fantasizing about a coworker was not unheard of, but still, she liked to be more professional when on the clock.
Putting aside the thought of what Eric's panther like body could and perhaps should be doing to her, she wrote a note for Maria to continue the inspection without her, left it with Josephine, and hurriedly moved across the lobby to the elevator. She pressed the button for the 4thfloor and the doors began to close. Just before the opposing ends cemented their union a large hand stuck between them, causing the pairs to part once more. A couple of the same age as herself entered the elevator. From the bags in their hand and the gleam in their eyes, she easily surmised they were a married couple starting a much needed vacation
The man, tall and slender with skin of a deep ebony looked towards Stacy. "Sorry to barge in, we're a little eager to get up to our room" he said.
As he and his wife got inside the elevator they both instantly dropped their bags and placed an arm or two around each other. He was at least 6'3 and though thin, his body had the look of a man who'd made his living with his hands, not sitting behind some desk. His wife was tall for a woman but still looked tiny compared to his height. She was about 5'9", with a thin stomach and curves that many women, including Stacy, would be jealous of. The light blue and yellow sundress she was wearing was working overtime attempting to contain her ample cleavage and round, thick buttocks.
"It's nothing to worry about sir. Welcome to The Cielo Hotel. We're happy to have you stay with us." Stacy said. His wife, snuggling against her husband's chest, extended her hand. Stacy shook it and introduced herself as the manager.
"If there is anything we can do to make your stay more enjoyable, please don't hesitate to call."
The woman, a beautiful ebony goddess, held Stacy's hand in her own. "I'm Vanessa, this is my husband John."
The touch of the soft, silky skin of the woman permeated Stacy's own skin, sending shivers throughout her body.'This woman is literally radiating SEX.'She thought to herself. Trying to keep control she stepped back and looked towards the panel of lights to select her floor.'Of course we're going to the same floor! Heaven forbid I get a break from any of the crazy temptations waltzing around this place!"She told herself sarcastically as the lift sprang to life.
The doors finally closed and the elevator became quiet. It was the suddenness of the silence in that elevator that drew Stacy's attention back to the couple. She briefly made eye contact with John and flashed a polite, if a little awkward, smile. The walls of the elevator were mirrors and it was in these mirrors that the slight movements of John drew her attention. His large hand was firmly implanted on his wife's ass, massaging the thick, full cheeks very erotically. Slowly his hand started moving lower until his fingertips reached the bottom of her dress and started lifting it up. The curves of the bottom of Vanessa's cheeks were now visible in the mirror. Stacy stared openly at the display in front of her, caught up in her own thoughts. As John's fingers rose higher, just out of view, a pleased hum escaped Vanessa's mouth as she shifted her legs slightly apart. It didn't take much imagination to see John's long fingers grazing her moist lips, circling her most sacred spot until his fingers softly rubbed across the center of her desire. A louder pleased hum came from Vanessa, and it was this additional noise that snapped Stacy back to reality.
Shaking out the cobwebs she looked back towards the couple. Vanessa had her head laid upon John's chest, and she was looking straight at Stacy. Her eyes never wavered. They pierced Stacy, almost daring her to say something about her husband fingering her pussy in that elevator. John was also looking at Stacy, though his eyes were glued to the reflection of her ass in the mirror, gently biting his lower lip as he toyed with his wife. The audacity of these two threw Stacy off. She didn't know how to react. Luckily the'ding'of the elevator reaching their destination saved her. Snapping back into'work mode'she smiled at the couple and asked them their room number.
"4202." John said looking at his key card.
"Ah, La Suite Presidencial. Allow me to show you the way, this way if you would please."
As they walked down the hall Stacy looked back over her shoulder. "So how long are you staying with us?"
"A week. We live in Chicago." John replied, walking down the hall hand-in-hand with his wife. "We like to go rather far away when we get the chance."
"Of course with three kids that doesn't happen very often." Vanessa chimed in.
This comment almost made Stacy stop dead in her tracks. Turning around and giving the woman an appraising look she said. "You have three kids? It certainly doesn't show."
"Thanks sweetheart, that's nice of you to say." Vanessa replied. "It took a lot of work to lose the weight, but my loving and supportive husband, and our wicked little sex life are more than enough motivation to get it done." At this comment, John's smile was making its own slow climb towards each ear. "And if you don't mind me saying so, you've got quite the body yourself." Looking Stacy up and down she continued, "Yes ma'am, you would be a big hit with some of our friends."
Confused by the comment, Stacy looked towards the woman. "Friends?" She asked.
"Ah, here we are." John's deep voice abruptly cut off any reply his wife might have made to clarify her statement.
Opening the door and ushering the couple inside Stacy said, "As you can see, this suite has two floors with your own staircase past the living room. It features a spacious kitchen and living room, as well as the guest bedroom and guest bathroom here on the bottom floor. The master bed and bath are located upstairs."
As the husband and wife surveyed their surroundings Stacy noticed a look of concern upon Vanessa's face. "Is everything to your liking?" Stacy asked.
"The room is beautiful." Vanessa said. "But I can't help notice the lack of windows."
"Ah yes." Stacy said looking at the solid wall behind her. "As I'm sure you know this is a very old facility. This floor contains a maintenance passage behind this wall. It allows us to work on electrical and plumbing repairs without disturbing our guests." She could tell this was a bit of hotel trivia her guests were not expecting.
"You mean there are hallways within the walls?" John asked.
"Yes. In fact that's where I was headed before you joined me. A problem required my attention in the passage. And I understand your concern about the windows, but if you'll accompany me up the stairs, I'm sure you'll find the view from your bedroom more than compensates."
As Stacy led the way, the pair followed closely. Not too closely though, as both slowed their pace to admire the way Stacy's well-toned legs and juicy cheeks jiggled with each ascending step. Once arriving in the master suite, both John and Vanessa were blown away by the beauty of the room. Their entire south wall was lined with massive, floor-to-ceiling windows and two sets of blackout curtains were currently drawn back giving the occupants a breath-taking view of the hotels famed "Garden of Eden." Tall oak trees created the impenetrable perimeter of the property and a maze of bright flowers, citrus trees, walkways and ponds could be seen throughout the garden.
"Wow." Vanessa said, obviously impressed.
"You like?" Stacy asked.
"Very much so." John replied.
As he said this he walked up behind his wife and wrapped his long, strong arms around her. The two stood there for a few minutes completely lost in the moment and the wondrous beauty of the haven that lay before them. As they drank in the intoxicating flora John's hands began to roam; first dragging lazily across his wife's belly then slowly working up to her large breasts. As he massaged them the combination of his ministrations and the soft fabric of her dress caused her nipples to become erect. They quickly became so hard Stacy thought they were about to rip through the thin fabric covering them.
Enjoying his touch, Vanessa once again leaned her head back into her husband's chest and gasped audibly when he started to pinch and squeeze her nipples. Vanessa then worked one hand back between their bodies, grasping her husband's cock and working it over the top of his pants.
Seeing the couple enjoying themselves caused the fire in Stacy's loins to rise once again. Seemingly oblivious to her presence, Stacy cleared her throat loudly. Remembering she was there but not moving their hands away, the couple turned to look back at her.
"Yes well, I'm glad you find the room to your liking." Stacy said uncomfortably. Turning to face the opposite wall and walking forwards she said. "As you can see, the master bath is located through here. It features his and hers sinks, a large jacuzzi tub and separate shower, as well as a private closet containing the toilet."
When she turned around again she saw that John and Vanessa had made their way to the bed and were sitting on its edge. John had leaned back, resting his weight on his hands behind him. Vanessa was leaning forward looking over at Stacy with her left hand still in her husband's crotch. His erect penis was clearly visible and enjoying the deliberate movements of his wife. In a matter of seconds Vanessa had taken him from a slight bump in his pants to a towering inferno struggling wildly to get free. Stacy stared at it, unable to believe its size and what was happening here in front of her.
Not breaking her eye contact, Vanessa looked to Stacy and said. "Well sweetie, I think we can figure out the rest from here, and as you can see, John and I have some big business to attend to." As she said this Vanessa began squeezing and rubbing his cock a little harder. "Of course if you're not too busy, you're more than welcome to stay and watch. Lord knows it wouldn't be the first time, hell or even the last time, we've played to an audience."
It took all of her willpower to remove her eyes from John's swelling manhood and vocalize a coherent response. "Yes, well...um...I, I mean No...I uh, have things I need to do." She stammered.
"Oh well, next time then." Vanessa said while giving Stacy a devious wink. At that Stacy turned quickly, leaving the room as fast as she could. Practically running out the door, she took a quick right through a door marked'Employees Only"and slammed it shut behind her.
Stacy paused a moment to adjust to the lighting. The circuit breaker for the water heater was located at the opposite end of the hall. As she walked, the hall was filled with muffled sounds emanating from the occupied rooms. Since it was almost noon, many of the patrons were elsewhere. Even with the majority of the occupants at the pool or out to lunch there were still plenty of voices from television sets and occasionally guests, penetrating the thin drywall between Stacy and the rooms. Arriving at the end of the hall and reaching the breaker, she opened the box and reset the switch. Immediately she was rewarded with the hum of the water heater coming back to life. As she turned back down the hall her thoughts drifted back to her husband and the wonderful sex they'd had that morning. Deciding she would text him to let him know just how much she'd enjoyed it when she got back to her office, she was about halfway down the hall when muffled voices, distinctly different from the others, caught her attention.
As she continued to walk the sounds got louder. Almost reaching the end she could tell the noises were more guttural, grunts and moans, than they were people talking. Instantly she thought of Vanessa and John and wondered if it might be the two of them making love that she was hearing. When she reached the last room at the end of the narrow passage her suspicions were confirmed. She stood just outside of the back wall of the room she had just left, and there was no doubt that it was the sounds of passionate coupling that she was hearing.
Already aroused from this morning and her previous encounter with the couple, Stacy found herself unable to walk away. She knew she should. She knew that thecouple knewshe was in this passageway. Was this intentional? Did they want her to hear? When she left them they had been upstairs in their suite, but considering how well she could hear them, she knew they must have come downstairs into the living room.
"Yeah baby, that feels good. Keep sucking my dick just like that!" Stacy heard John say. "I know that hot little bitch from the hotel was turning you on."
A slurp and pop came through the wall before she heard Vanessa say, "Yeah she was. It would have been so much better if she would have stuck around."
"Yeah I would've loved to have had us an audience that was so... official. You can tell just by looking at her, that girl is the rule that was meant to be broken. And though she ran away this time, I think we can be the ones to convert her."
The sound of her fellatio continued again. Beads of sweat were starting to form on Stacy's brow. Instinctively she unbuttoned the top three buttons of her blouse in a vain attempt to assuage the heat pouring off her body.
"Sit down." Vanessa's lust filled voice called out. "I really hope she is still back there, I want her to hear you filling my wet pussy up with that big beautiful dick of yours."
Stacy could hear the couch screaming under the addition of John's weight. Vanessa grunted loudly as John slammed his cock home. She could hear the sounds of their skin slapping together as their bodies met with each thrust. Without even trying, Stacy could clearly see the couple in her mind's eye. She imagined John sitting on the couch with Vanessa on all fours on the floor in front of him. Her thick, sexy ass raised high in the air as she bent her hips and slammed down onto John's cock. It wasn't until the first passionate cries of Vanessa's orgasm that Stacy realized she had been touching herself. Here she was, in a maintenance passage of her own hotel, shirt open, running her fingers over one nipple and rubbing her slit through the top of her skirt. She started to gently squeeze her nipples and worked a hand inside her panties to feel her soaking wet pussy.
A grunt came through the wall, "Oh yes baby, fuck me harder!" Vanessa screamed out.
As Stacy inserted a finger to gain some lubrication she imagined the couple had just changed positions again. Her wet finger rubbed over her clit in circles as she attempted to give herself some much needed relief. Vanessa was now on the couch and John was on one knee in front of her. He grabbed her by the hips and pulled her closer to him before taking his cock in one hand. He dipped the head of his shaft into her drenched folds, removed it and rubbed her clit with it slowly. Then he shoved his entire length deep inside of her and fucked her wildly.
After a minute or two she could hear the couple getting off the couch. She imagined Vanessa now had her knees on the couch, being bent over the back as John stood behind her. His cock was sliding in and out of her dripping slit as he kneaded her ass cheeks like pizza dough. Vanessa's screams were getting louder as her next orgasm loomed ever closer. Then suddenly her screams stopped.
"Oh My God! Yes! I love it when you lick my ass like that." Vanessa cried out once more.
Imagining this exotic beauty bent over, holding her cheeks apart as her husband ate her ass out was pushing Stacy past the point of no return. She drew two fingers inside of her to get them wet and started to strum them over her clit. Stimulating this most sensitive area and thinking of her husband Todd licking her the way John was licking Vanessa brought a thunderous orgasm down upon Stacy. Her hips bucked wildly against her hand as waves of passion crashed over her body. She cried aloud, briefly out of control, before biting down on her lower lip to stifle her passion. Afraid someone might have heard her, Stacy froze momentarily, her ragged breathing being the only sound in the hall.
As she started to come down from her orgasmic high she noticed she couldn't hear John and Vanessa anymore. The lack of noise coming from their room caused Stacy to slowly move towards the wall separating her and the couple. Just when she thought they might have stopped, WHAM. A loud thud against the wall Stacy had been inching towards caused her to jump back and scream; then a slightly softer thud followed and then another. Soon a rhythm was being beaten into the wall. The moans of pleasure and screams of joy were so loud Stacy had to look around to make sure they were not in the hallway with her.'My God! He's fucking her right against this wall!'Stacy thought in a state of shock, and the second the thought crossed her mind, she knew that just rubbing herself was not going to suffice.'Fuck it.'She thought.'No one can get back here without my keycard.'
While John continued to fuck his wife in Morse code, Stacy quickly unzipped her pencil skirt and let it crumble around her ankles. In a flash she had her lacy, bikini-style panties thrown to the ground as well. Beyond all sense of caution, Stacy placed her back directly against the wall the couple was having sex against. The pulse of John impaling his wife into the wall was sending vibrations across Stacy's whole body. She was so close to them; if she were to speak a little louder than normal they would hear her clear as day. To be so near this couple at such an intimate moment without them knowing she was there had Stacy on fire. While maintaining the light pressure on her pearl, she inserted her middle finger into the drenched sauna between her legs. With all that was going on and the addition of her fingers to the list of overwhelming sensations, Stacy knew she wasn't going to be able to hold out much longer.
Vanessa must have been having similar feelings because soon she began to cry out again. "Oh. Yes. Baby. Don't. Stop. I'm. Gonna. Cum!"
Stacy could hear the syncopated screams of Vanessa, punctuated with a grunt every time John slammed his large member into her. Hearing her orgasm sent electrified chills all throughout Stacy. Needing more, she added a second finger inside of her and started working them much faster. Eventually John's grunts got louder, his own orgasm rising up within him like a freight train.
"Get ready for it baby, I'm about to cum!' He yelled at her. Unable to accurately voice her acquiescence due to the continuous orgasms rocking her body, all Vanessa could do was grunt her acceptance.
Unable to hold back any longer Stacy began pumping herself vigorously while rubbing her clit. As her two fingers were working themselves in and out of her, she curled them so that they would rub across her G-spot on the roof of her vagina. Hitting her spot, her knees buckled and one last resounding thud against the wall caused Stacy to lose her balance and fall to the floor, shaking from head to toe from the intense orgasm she had just given herself.
Stacy laid there for a few minutes eventually coming to her senses. Unable to believe what she had just done, she quickly stood up and got dressed. Knowing she must look like a mess, she kicked herself for not having a mirror. She exited the narrow passageway and walked down the hallway proper on her way to the elevator. As she waited, she heard a door open. Looking to her left to see who it was she was flooded with embarrassment and horror. She watched in shock as John and Vanessa came down the hall towards her. Clearly dressed for the pool the couple joined Stacy in the elevator once again. As the doors closed, Vanessa looked towards Stacy.
"Damn girl, what happened? You look about like I feel." Vanessa said with a giggle.
Checking her reflection in the mirrored wall Stacy could hardly believe the flushed face and ruffled hair of the reflection belonged to her. "It's really hot back there. No air conditioning. You know." Stacy stammered quickly. Looking at her reflection again she had to agree with Vanessa, she did look the way the other woman felt. Well fucked.
As the three exited the elevator, they immediately went their separate ways. Needing to calm down and get herself under control, Stacy made her way back to her office. Remembering she wanted to text her husband, she took a seat and a deep breath then looked at her phone. Much to her surprise she saw that she had a text from Todd waiting for her. It read:
"Hey babe, I just wanted to let you know how much I enjoyed this morning. I know things haven't exactly been perfect lately, but I wanted you to know I want them to get better. It's gonna take some work on both our parts, but you're the love of my life and more than worth it. Text me back when you get a chance and have a great day! I love you!
Reading the exact words she was longing for him to say made her eyes well and heart swell. She sent a text right back:
"I love you so much! You took the words right out of my mouth. I want nothing more than for us to be happy. My day has been quite crazy! I can't wait to get home and tell you about it. I know you'll enjoy the story ;)"
Stacy was flooded with relief. The thoughtful text from her husband, and her little adventure in the maintenance passage had her on Cloud 9. The rest of her day went by quickly. She had an obvious spring in her step and her positive attitude was simply infectious to all around her. When she locked up her office for the night and got in her car, she had to work hard not to simply lay lead on the accelerator and zoom home. Her giddy state was unbelievable. She was so excited to see Todd she didn't know what to do first. 'Kiss him? Hug him? Fuck him? Tell him about the couple and all they implied? Tell him about my voyeuristic masturbation?'Like a child's first trip to Disney, she was on sensory overload. She wanted to do it all, everything, right away.
As she entered her front door she was greeted by the sweet smells of a wonderful dinner and flickering candle light. Todd had come home early in order to prepare a romantic dinner for her. Taken aback by the gesture she stood still, frozen in place for a few moments. Regaining her composure she slowly walked into the dining room. Hidden in the shadows Todd slowly walked up behind her, sliding his arms across her stomach and pinning her against his chest. No words were spoken. The two stood there for a few minutes, satisfied just to hold and be held. After a bit Todd took hold of Stacy's arm and turned her around. He bent down and gave her a kiss that could crumble mountains. The strength and tenderness, the passion and lust that that kiss contained literally caused Stacy's knees to buckle. As he pulled away and stepped back she whimpered. Wanting a kiss like that to never end, she couldn't help but be slightly disappointed when it did.
Gesturing towards the table Todd said, "Take a seat. I'll get us some wine and you can tell me about your day."
As she sat Stacy suddenly became nervous.'What if he gets upset? What if instead of being turned on, he's disgusted? Will he think I'm some kind of unquenchable super-slut?'
Todd reentered the room and could see the confliction etched upon her face. He sat down across from her and said, "Talk to me baby. I can tell something is on your mind. What is it?"
Steeling her resolve, determined to go through with it, Stacy took a few moments to collect her thoughts. "Well, it all started with our shower this morning. It was so damn hot! It was on my mind and making me horny all day." Todd laughed and agreed that it was the same for him. "So around noon I met this couple that had just checked in. They were our age, and..I...I'm embarrassed to say...I was...very attracted to them...both of them."
"Is that all?" John said. "Hell, if we had to confess to one another every time we saw people that were attractive it'd be the only thing we'd talk about."
"No baby that's not all." Stacy said demurely. "We chatted in the elevator. All the while their hands roamed each other's body while their eyes devoured my body. I asked them what room they were in and as we got up to the top floor I walked them to their door. They invited me in and I showed them around the suite they booked. As we talked they told me about their family and how infrequently they were able to get away. They also said that they took full advantage of those opportunities, mostly by fucking each other silly."
"Get out of here." John laughed. "They didn't say that."
"Well, no, they didn't. But they sure as hell implied it."
"What do you mean?"
"Just listen baby, I'm getting there. So after I showed them around the upstairs portion of their suite they sat down next to each other on the bed, their hands moving over each other's bodies with more urgency. I was getting a little uncomfortable. I was already turned on, and our conversation and their groping weren't helping anything. That's when Vanessa grabbed her husband's crotch, and started to rub and squeeze it. I could actually see it getting bigger and harder inside his pants. Then she looked at me and told me that they could figure the rest out, but asked me if I would like to stay and watch them have sex!"
"What?!? Are you kidding me? What did you do?" John asked incredulously.
"No I'm not kidding and I was dumbfounded. I couldn't believe what was happening. I was barely able to get the words to come out of my mouth, but managed to tell them about needing to be somewhere else. His dick had swollen considerably, it was really big, and without looking away from it Vanessa shrugged me off and said,'maybe next time'then gave me a little wink. That's when I left the room as fast as I could and walked into the maintenance passage."
All this time Stacy's eyes had been glued to the floor, unable to look Todd in the eye. She quickly flicked her eyes up to meet his. The expression she saw was far from judgmental. No, that was a look of pure, unadulterated lust! The fire burning in those eyes shot through the air, penetrating every fiber of Stacy's being. Coursing her body head to toe it ignited a fire of her own, though the pyre of her passion was burning considerably further south than his.
"So what did you do"" He said finally.
The mutual arousal and tension in the air was tangible. Stacy couldn't help but laugh. "What I was supposed to do? I walked the hall and flipped the switch."
Was that disappointment she saw briefly flickering across his face?
"I was on my way back when I first heard it. You know what it's like in there, sounds from every room move easily through the walls.
Todd did know. Over the years Stacy had shown him every square inch of that hotel. Being in those passageways was very odd. Like a Christmas Day Parade, it was a cacophony of sounds blended together, like the music from floats gone past merging with those yet to come.
"I was about half way back when I heard strange noises from up ahead. As I got closer they got louder, and more distinct. Before I even got to the section of wall outside their suite I knew the sounds were John and Vanessa making love. So when I did get there and was certain of what they were doing...I...I just stood there." Stacy said slightly embarrassed. "I wanted to walk away, to give my guests their privacy. But God, I was so damn horny. It was like an itch, this intense, maddening itch that I just couldn't scratch. And right there, just a few feet away from me, was this gorgeous woman and her stud of a husband, who was relentlessly scratching her in exactly the way I needed so badly."
Stacy was breathing heavily now. The retelling of this afternoon was affecting her almost as strongly as the event itself did. Without even realizing it, Todd had been leaning closer and closer to his wife. He was damn near laying across the table, hanging on to her every word. As she paused to catch her breath and slow her racing heart, Todd must have realized what he had been doing. He rose out of his chair and moved to the other side of the table, sitting down right next to his wife. Gently placing his hands under her chin he lifted her face so that her eyes could meet his.
"Keep going." He said. The words fell out of his mouth as barely more than a whisper. He was too afraid to speak any louder. Afraid that anything more than a whisper might awaken him from a dream that seemed too good to be true. His mind was like a bullet train, speeding across the country side, trying to hurry to the place he hoped his wife's tale would go. But he knew he couldn't beat her to it. She had to say it.
As it turned out, unlike many things in this world, the reality of what he heard next far exceeded his imaginative expectations.
"I could hear their voices." She said softly. "She was on her knees, I think, taking him into her mouth. I could hear them talking about me. I could hear his words of encouragement and I could imagine the noises she was making. The way her muffled voice purred with pleasure like a cat getting rubbed in just the right spot. After a bit I heard the springs of the couch strain as he sat. Their voices grew louder as they began to make love, both of them vocalizing their pleasure. It wasn't until I heard her screaming from her first orgasm that I realized I was touching myself. Without knowing it I had unbuttoned my blouse and was running my fingers across my nipple, the way you do when you're eating me out.
All the apprehension and nervousness within Stacy had dissipated. It was obvious that Todd was not upset. In fact quite the opposite, he was greatly enjoying her story. His cock was rock hard, desperately straining against the confines of his pants. She wasn't sure when he had started, but he was stroking that magnificent steel rod of his through the khakis he was wearing. His reaction to her tale emboldened Stacy. Without stoppering her story, she reached across her lovers lap, giving his member the release from its fight with his pants' fabric and seams. Firmly grasping his now exposed cock and gently stroking it up and down, she looked him square in the eyes and continued.
"Once I was aware of what I was doing to myself, there was no way to stop it. I unzipped my skirt and slid my hand beneath my panties." As she said this she took her left hand, the one not jerking him off, and reached down into his pants to roll his heavy balls across her fingertips. "I was fingering myself right there in that passageway listening to these two strangers I'd just met ravishing each other. Before it was all over I was kicking myself for not staying with them. But in that moment I was lost, totally beyond any thought other than their pleasure and my own. Their sex had gotten more frantic and aggressive. The sounds of him slapping his big cock into her and her cries of pleasure from it were driving me wild. I could tell they had switched positions a few different times. I pictured him on top of her, holding her close as he fired himself in and out of her. I pictured him flipping her over, throwing her around as if she were a child, lining up his cock behind her and aggressively slamming away. There was a brief pause at one point. Just a few seconds of silence before Vanessa called out again. "Oh Jesus, lick my ass baby! I love it so much."
Todd's eyes had closed. No doubt he was seeing every inch of vivid detail Stacy was painting for him. She looked down at the swollen tool in her hand.'It's huge!'She thought to herself.'I don't think I've ever seen it that big.'A large glob of precum formed a translucent tear drop on the head of his dick. Using the natural lube to aid her task of servicing her husband, she leaned close, whispering into his ear. "I was in heaven! John was licking this vixen's ass and she loved it. Just the way I love it when you shove that magnificent tongue of yours up my ass."
At that she pushed out her tongue, running it all over his ear before firmly sucking the dangling lobe into her mouth. A deep moan escaped his lips. Her hands. Her story. Her tongue. All of it was bringing Todd to new levels of arousal. Knowing the affect she was having on him, Stacy sat back down, lubed his cock with more precum, increased the pace at which her hand was enveloping his member and continued her story.
"It was then that I heard a loud bang against the wall in front of me. Then more bangs. He had picked her up and was fucking her against the wall. I couldn't believe what was happening. I placed my own back against that very same wall. I quickly unclasped my bra, letting my tits fall free." As she said this, Stacy expertly opened her blouse and removed her bra. The sudden stop of his pleasure caused Todd to open his eyes in shock. The sight of her pert breasts in front of him brought a large smile to his face. As she laid her hands upon him again he moved his hands to her chest.
"I could feel his force through the wall." She began again. "The vibrations were all across my body all at once. Their voices were so clear, their bodies just inches away from mine. He called out to her, daring her to take every inch of the impressive cock he had. She grunted and screamed her acceptance of him." Todd's breath was becoming more ragged. "My body was shaking, and my bottom lip was bleeding. I damn near chewed it off attempting to suppress my own screams. His pace quickened, fucking her harder and harder. If he wanted to, I think he could have fucked her right through the wall."
Stacy moved her hands faster. So much precum was leaking from her husband's cock that the lubrication allowed her hands to become a blur of pleasure inducing friction. "I heard him tell her to get ready, that he was going to cum. I wanted to cum with him. I needed to cum with him. I rubbed my clit furiously and fingered myself hard." Todd's body was tensing, his balls were swelling. "He began grunting louder and louder. Then with one final deafening bang against the wall, three screams rang out. They both shouted their approval as he blasted his cum deep inside of her. Their noises were the only thing that drowned out my own screams as I came time and again all over my hands."
Todd lost it. As he wife expertly serviced him, telling him of the tremendous orgasm she had whilst masturbating to the sounds of strangers having sex, he came. Hard. His cock erupted; the first two shots soared up covering his wife's freely hanging breasts. The third landed slightly lower. Never slowing down, Stacy milked her husband, throwing the tremendous amount of cum he'd released all over her breasts and stomach. Breathing heavily the two lovers locked eyes and crashed their lips together. They kissed then with such force the end of the world itself couldn't have separated them. Rolling their tongues through each other's mouths, their desire for one another in that moment had never been stronger.
Leaning back to catch her breath, Stacy looked at her husband, with a giggle she said, "See, I told you you'd like my story."