Prologue:
The following is a continuation of the Lost Creek Wives' Club (LCWC) series, and as always, I recommend reading the prior installment first. As for this installment, it's longer than most from me, and more of an introduction to an exciting event/evening. And while it took longer to publish than promised, I have a better excuse than being busy with the holidays as with the delayed prior installment. I actually came down with the Wuhan virus, or Covid for those of you more politically incorrect. But I'm pleased to say I'm feeling fine now after a miserable week.
As always, comments are welcome as long as they are constructive.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
As soon as I entered the house the landline phone started ringing. When I picked up the handset I saw by the caller ID it was Maureen..."Good morning Maureen."
"Where the hell have you been!?!"...she yelled.
"Don't I get my usual 'Good morning Sweetheart'?"
In her normally sweet voice..."Good morning Sweetheart,", which then just as quickly turned to a near yell again..."now where the hell have you been!? I must have called you a dozen times last night between your cell phone, which you obviously turned off, and your home phone."
"If you really want to know, I spent the night at Louise's.
"I knew you were going to visit with her, but how did it turn into an all night affair?"
"Coincidentally, both our husbands are away on business trips and we'd thought we'd take advantage of it."
"You know you're going to have to tell me all about it."
"I figured as much once I told you, but not now. Now what's so important that you've been calling me repeatedly?"
"Colette called and she wanted to make sure she had 'all the bases covered' as she put it in regard to her presentation tonight."
"What does that mean?"
"After she had a long talk with Carol, who she knows through a mutual friend, she thought it might be best for a couple of ladies to accompany her in case an in-person demonstration of any of the sex toys is necessary. Apparently it's not uncommon with groups of just women, but she never thought to mention it to us until she talked to Carol, who explained why and how the idea for the sex toy presentation for our club came about. Upon learning the majority of the housewives in attendance are disgruntled with their sex life, she feels from her experience they'll be more interested in live hands-on demonstrations versus watching videos of how to use the different sex toys. It could very well not be the case, but since her goal is to sell as many as possible, she wants to be prepared. Like she said, supposedly it's not uncommon to have live demonstrations, and sometimes even members of the audience participate."
"What was your response?"
"I told her I wanted to talk to you first, and she's expecting me to call her first thing this morning so she can arrange for two other ladies to be with her."
"Something like in-person demonstrations never crossed my mind. I know it's not uncommon at lingerie parties where someone models the lingerie, and participants try them on to see how they look in them, but I never gave any thought to a similar scenario happening with a sex toys party. Do you think any of the other girls will be interested or expect such a thing? I know it'd be a lot more informative to see a toy you're not familiar with used up close and personal than watching a video."
"Like you, it never crossed my mind either, and as for the other girls, I don't know what to expect. I know I would prefer to see something used live and in-person versus a video, but I'm not sure anybody else besides you, Carol, and Louise maybe."
"I know Louise would, and speaking of Louise, I took the liberty to tell her to invite her next door neighbor who she's very close with. As for Colette, tell her to feel free to come prepared. Worst condition it'll all be for naught. And if it's the case, I'm sure the ladies can keep themselves busy by explaining verbally how to use certain toys, and to help take orders."
"Will do as I'd hate to tell Colette not to be concerned about it and it being just the opposite and her not prepared. The last thing I want is for the presentation not to go well, and her not to do well as far as sales. With that settled, who's Louise's friend?"
"Her name is Trish, and while I've never met her she's Louise's next door neighbor. The reason she doesn't attend our regular socials in spite of Louise having invited her, she's a full time teacher. I thought it'd be a good way for her to meet some of the other girls since I got the impression she pretty much keeps to herself. Not sure why other than she's a divorcee and keeps busy with teaching and associated activities."
"Well Louise won't be the only one bringing a guest. A couple of the other girls asked if they could too. Now I need you at my house as soon as you can get here. We have a lot of errands to run, and then we need to rearrange the living room since we're expecting a large crowd. Plus Collette will be here a couple of hours early so she can set-up her display, and I want to have everything ready for her."
"Give me an hour or two since I need to shower and get a couple of changes of clothes together and some other things since I'll be staying overnight with you. Plus I need to tidy up the house since John will be staying overnight here with Jim."
"Okay, but please hurry." After which the call ended.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
After I took my shower and dressed casually since we'd be running errands first, I packed an overnight bag with a change of clothes for tonight's gathering, and another one for in the morning. I then made a quick pass through the house to make sure it was neat and clean. Since Maureen lives just a couple of houses down the street, I walked instead of driving or riding my bike. As usual when she's expecting me I let myself in the front door since I have the passcode to her security system.
I found Maureen in the kitchen at the sink washing some dishes and walked up behind her before putting my arms around her waist and kissing her neck. As always, she smelled delicious as I teasingly kissed all over the back of her neck and behind her ears since she had her hair up in a loose bun.
"It's about time you showed up."
"That's not a very nice greeting. I expected something more like 'I can't tell you how much I missed you'. Or at least a deep sigh as I kissed you."
"You already know I miss you." After which she turned around and after drying her hands on a dish towel grabbed my face and kissed me passionately as her tongue licked my lips before she inserted it deeply in my mouth."
Just as we were both getting pretty heated, she stopped..."As much as I'm enjoying kissing you, we can't afford to get carried away. While there's nothing I'd like more than to go down on your sweet pussy, and right here with you on the counter, we don't have the luxury of time."
Even though I knew better..."Are you sure? It'd be a great way to start our day together."
"I'm positive as we have lots of errands to run, things to prepare once we get back, including rearranging the living room so it can accommodate everyone before Colette arrives. Besides, with you staying overnight we'll have plenty of time later to enjoy each other. Now let's be on our way. As it is, we're already running late and we haven't even started yet."
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The errands we needed to run took longer than expected. Just the booze we bought nearly filled the back of Maureen's SUV. In hindsight, we should have polled everyone as to what their preference was as far as alcoholic beverages instead of buying a little bit of everything to have on-hand. The most anyone would drink during our afternoon socials is a glass of wine, but with it being an evening event on a Friday night, we expected anyone who drank would do so freely. Especially since most everyone lives within walking distance. And as with all our socials, Maureen and I split the cost for everything. Although neither one of us anticipated how much it would be.
After returning to her place, we unloaded her SUV before we set-up a make-shift bar on the breakfast counter. As for the assorted hors d'oeuvres and canapés we bought, they were already nicely arranged on covered trays, which saved us a lot of work. Next project was rearranging the living room, which took a good two hours until we felt it would accommodate everyone. Albeit a few would have to be comfortable standing in spite of using every chair Maureen had in the house.
When we finished with the living room, we barely had an hour to clean-up and change clothes before we expected Colette to arrive with her "helpers". Just as we entered Maureen's bedroom, her phone rang and it was her mother. As she sat in the sitting area in her bedroom talking to her, I decided based on past history of how long her phone calls with her mother can be to take a quick shower. I then fixed my hair and applied my make-up before getting dressed in Maureen's dressing area all while she continued talking on the phone.
I brought along a black and white floral bandeau sundress to wear that came down to a few inches above the knees, and a pair of wedge sandals by Kenneth Cole. Obviously with the sundress being bandeau style there was no need for a bra. Fortunately the elastic material supported me enough without much sag being evident. Just as I finished dressing and was checking myself in the mirror, Maureen's call finally ended.
"Damn Lacey, you showered and dressed already?"
"Already? You were on the phone for nearly an hour."
"Unfortunately there's no such thing as a quick phone call with my mother."
"Well you need to get moving...and fast. Colette will be here any minute. While you are, I'll wait downstairs in case she arrives before you're ready."
No sooner did I arrive in the kitchen I saw Colette's large commercial van coming up the driveway on the security monitor. Once she parked at the end of the walkway leading to the front door, her and one other person exited the van. Maureen said she was going to bring along two other ladies, so I wonder why there was only one. While she looked familiar, I couldn't place the face or where I might have seen or met her before due to the long range wide angle view on the monitor.
By the time I reached and opened the front door both Colette and her "helper" were walking up the walkway as they each pulled a two wheel dolly with a large case on it. The cases looked to be four feet by three and two feet deep, but didn't appear to be heavy from the way they easily handled them. As soon as they reached the stairs leading up to the landing to the front door, I recognized the other woman immediately.
It was Sharon, who demonstrated a g-spot vibrator in the video Colette showed us when she first visited with Maureen and I. In the video she looked to be what could best be described as an average looking middle-aged woman, but in person she was a lot more attractive."
After I greeted Colette, and just as she was going to introduce me to Sharon..."No need to Colette, if I remember right, it's Sharon."
After I stepped down to the walkway, I went up to Sharon and extended my hand..."It's so nice to meet you Sharon, and I'm Lacey."
She took my hand in hers, and while holding it looked puzzled..."You seem to have me at a disadvantage. Have we ever met before?"
"We haven't actually ever met, but you could say I'm a fan of yours after seeing you in one of Colette's videos. It's so nice to meet you, and you're a lot lovelier in person."
Which she was. While she didn't have the kind of looks that would turn people's heads, she was an attractive woman with pretty facial features. Lovely gray eyes, with beautiful eyebrows and long natural lashes. A cute button nose, luscious looking lips and a long slender neck. As for her hair, it was light brown and short in a very carefree style like she doesn't spend much time fussing with it.
"Thank you, that's very nice of you." Then after she thought for a second..."And it's probably because you weren't paying much attention to my face in the video. Most people don't...if at all. Not that I blame them because of what I'm usually demonstrating. Out of curiosity, which one was it?"
"You were demonstrating how to use a g-spot vibrator. And very well, I might add. So much so, Colette promised me one when I mentioned after seeing the video I had to have one."
After she laughed..."I'll make sure you get the same model I used as it's the best."
Eventually Colette spoke up..."I hate to interrupt you two, but we really need to get these cases in the house and the display set up."
It prompted Sharon and I to realize we were still holding hands, and after we reluctantly released each other's, Colette and her proceeded to wheel the cases into the house. They then got two folding tables from the van and set them together in front of the fireplace in the living room before covering them with a bright red cloth.
As they were placing the sex toys haphazardly on the table from the two cases, I asked Colette where the other lady was since Maureen mentioned there would be two accompanying her.
"She called me at the last minute and had to cancel due to some kind of emergency. Not sure what it was since she didn't have time to explain. But Sharon here should be able to handle things if the need arises for any in-person demonstrations. If she can't, I'll chip in to help, which I've done in the past when short handed."
Even though I was still doubting there would be a need for live demonstrations I was almost hoping it would come to that since I still couldn't get over how much Colette reminded me of Nicole Saphier. There would be nothing I'd like more than to see her naked. Or at least naked from the waist down as she demonstrated one of the toys.
Just then Maureen came down the stairs and she was also wearing a sundress. Being a pretty red and white floral print, but with spaghetti straps, which also came down to just about the knees. She was also wearing wedge sandals and her feet looked pretty as could be in them. She looked fabulous, but she always does.
After she gave Colette a big hug, Colette introduced her to Sharon. Surprisingly she didn't seem to recognize her, which could only mean she was paying strict attention to what she was doing in the video, or her lovely body, versus anything else.
While it was hard to appreciate Sharon's figure from the way she was dressed in a loose fitting white blouse buttoned almost entirely to the top, and a pair of nice fitting black culottes that came down to mid-calf, it was easy to remember it from the video.
She's fairly big busted with the normal amount of sag you'd expect for being so well endowed at her age. Her areola were about the size of a silver dollar and in the video were swollen and all bumpy along with her nipples being hard and erect as she worked herself up to an orgasm from using the g-spot vibrator. Her tummy, while a little plump, wasn't any more so than you'd expect for a middle-age woman. As for her pussy it was cleanly shaved, which I'm assuming she has that way for the videos, and any live demonstrations she might perform. I also remembered from the video that she has pretty feet, which we couldn't presently see as she was wearing a pair of stylish slip-on sneakers. And while we couldn't see her bum in the video, I assumed like the rest of her, it had to be simply divine.
After Maureen and Sharon greeted each other, Maureen asked Colette if we could help arrange things on the table.
"No need to as we know just how everything needs to be staged and it'll be quicker and easier for us to do it. Why don't you two busy yourselves with something else and I'll give you a holler when we're done so we can chat until the other ladies arrive."
With that said, Maureen and I went off to the kitchen to finish getting things ready with the makeshift bar we set-up earlier, and to arrange the trays of hors d'oeuvres and canapés on the kitchen table along with plenty of plates and napkins.
As we were..."I couldn't help notice Maureen, that you didn't seem to recognize Sharon."
"She looked familiar, but I didn't give it any thought. Should I have?"
"I thought you would since it was Sharon who demonstrated the g-spot vibrator in the video Colette showed us."
"Oh my God! Now that you mention it, it was. How cool is that? We couldn't have asked for anyone better to demonstrate some of the toys from the way she did in the video. Not that she'll necessarily have to, but Colette couldn't have come better prepared. Which reminds me, I forgot to ask where the other girl is."
After I told her why there was only Sharon, Colette called for us and we headed back into the living room. Soon as we arrived she asked us what we thought of the display of the different sex toys. At first glance it was very professionally arranged with things separated into different categories such as dildos, vibrators, anal toys, strap-ons including strapless ones, lubes & lotions, etc. And some items were nicely displayed on small battery powered rotating pedestals for effect.
Also on the table was a pile of catalogs for everyone with a complete listing of all the toys available by category since she couldn't display everything. When I scanned the table of contents, the one that made me curious was..."When Simple Toys Are Not Enough!"
I quickly flipped to the appropriate page and learned it was for "sex machines" such as a Sybian and more elaborate ones, which I've only ever seen in porn videos. When I asked Colette if she had any of them with her in the van in case someone was interested, she explained the only one she had was a Sybian due to its popularity and it was for demonstration purposes only.
While scrutinizing the items on the tables, the ones that caught my immediate attention were powered suction cup devices for one's clitoris. When I pointed them out to Maureen, her eyes got wide before saying..."Now there's something I've never seen before." After which she turned to Colette and asked..."Do they feel as good as I imagine they might?"
"I'll let the expert here answer your question." Of which she obviously was referring to Sharon.
Before Sharon did, she picked one up which looked similar to a facial cleansing brush, all except for where the rotating circular brush would be, it had a hole for your clit. As she was showing it to Maureen and I..."This is the Satisfyer Pro 2, which if it were me, would be the one I'd get and also comes highly recommended by everyone I know who owns one. From my experience it feels heavenly. Once you find the right setting since it also vibrates, it'll work its magic quicker than any other model or toy you've used and have you cumming in no time. Multiple times too. I even know women who squirted for the first time from using one of these." Then after pausing for a second..."But be advised from talking to a few women who have these types of devices, they seem to work better for those who have a larger than average pea or bean size clitoris. Since mine is, I can attest to the fact it does."
After which both Maureen and I looked at each other since we both have larger than normal size clits. Mine more so than Maureen, but hers is still bigger than most, and I could only wonder if it would be as effective as Sharon described it.
"I don't know about you Maureen, but I'm sold." Then I jokingly added..."And if it wasn't for the fact our guests should be arriving shortly, I'd take this for a test drive."
Maureen shrugged as she looked at Colette and Sharon and added..."And she probably would too."
Just then, the front doorbell rang and the arrival of the rest of our social club began. Within a half hour everyone arrived, including two who I thought for sure wouldn't attend because of their mostly negative attitude whenever our conversation during recent get-togethers revolved around self-pleasuring and Sapphic sex.
Once everyone arrived, they ended up either in the kitchen helping themselves to a drink and talking in small groups, or standing in front of the tables in the living room oohing and aahing over all the items on display.
After Louise introduced Trish to me, the three of us went to the far end of Maureen's large kitchen to talk. But as soon as we did, Louise quickly excused herself to talk to someone who waved at her from the other opposite end. And while I might have been wrong, it seemed she used it as a means for us two to be alone together.
Once Trish and I were..."I can't tell you how nice it is to finally meet you, Lacey. And I feel like I already know you since Louise talks so much about you."
"I hope it's all good."
"Very much so, and before I forget, thank you for suggesting Louise invite me tonight. It was very nice of you."
"I did want to meet you after Louise talked about you, and I thought it would also be a good way for you to meet everyone and to convince you to attend our regular afternoon socials."
"I'd love to if it wasn't for me teaching. I'm sure Louise told you I wouldn't feel right about attending just during summer months."
"It wouldn't be a problem as everyone would understand why, so please give it some thought as I'd love for you to attend them. Especially since we have something in common."
After she laughed..."I didn't know we did until the ride over here tonight. Louise told me she mentioned something to you recently about her and I being intimate, and I pretty much figured out you two were from the way she talked about you. Finally when I simply asked her about it, she fessed up. And so you'll know, your secret is safe with me as I'm sure mine is with you."
"I can assure you it is, and very much so. Now as much as I'd like to compare notes", which caused her to chuckle..."I understand you're divorced. The only reason I mention it is because after I suggested Louise invite you tonight, she jokingly figured you'd jump at the chance since you could use all sex toys you can get."
After she laughed..."That sounds just like something Louise would say. And yes I'm divorced. Fairly recently, and it's my second one. After about two years, my second husband and I realized it just wasn't working out between us. The divorce was amicable and I got to keep the house since we relocated here soon after we married and was fortunate to get a great position teaching here locally. It worked out perfectly for me since not long after the divorce my ex was transferred again to the east coast. I would've hated leaving if we were still married since I love teaching here."
"So both of you aren't originally from here?"
"We're originally from northern Illinois just north of Chicago." After she paused for a second and looked at her empty glass..."I don't know about you Lacey, but I could use another drink. Would you like one?"
"I'm fine. I'll wait here until you return unless you want me to introduce you to some of the other girls?"
"Not just yet, so I'll be right back."
I couldn't help but admire her as she walked away. Especially her bum, which I swear she put a little extra effort into the way she walked for my benefit.
Trish is younger than Louise and I by at least five years. She was adorable and almost petite as Louise. Long blonde hair, which she had in a ponytail and like Louise, is cute as a ladybug. Except for the long hair, the other only exception would be very full lips compared to Louise's much thinner lips in spite of being a wonderful kisser. Figure wise, she was a bit heavier than Louise, but not by much and it would be hard to be as slim unless you were as athletic as she is from her daily running routine. Not very big busted, but not small either. Then there was her delectable looking ass in the very form fitting slacks she was wearing.
All things considered, it made me wonder why according to Louise, she wasn't active socially and pretty much keeps to herself. As cute as she was, and with her terrific figure, she wouldn't have any trouble finding someone to keep her company if she so desired.
Soon as she returned with what looked to be another gin & tonic..."On second thought Lacey, why don't we make our way to the living room so I can get a look at what I overheard someone saying was an unbelievable selection of sex toys on display."
"Sure. While I've already seen it, I'd love to see your reaction to some of them."
As we were making our way to the living room, Louise from the other end of the kitchen gave me a very knowing smile along with a mischievous wink.
When we reached the table, Colette was standing at one end and after telling Trish I needed to talk to Colette, I approached her and asked when she'd like to do her presentation.
"I don't even know if I need to. You wouldn't believe how many orders I've already taken from people just looking at the items on display. I'm surprised how so many act like this is all new to them and it brings to mind how kids supposedly act in a candy store for the first time. All I can say is they must be living pretty sheltered lives. Not that I'm complaining as this might end up being one of my best nights for sales."
"I can't tell you how pleased I am to hear it. And since things are going so well, do you still see a need to do your presentation, or are you thinking it won't be necessary?"
"I still want to, but it'll be a condensed version. Maybe in another half hour or so as I like to wait until everyone has a few drinks to loosen up first, although with this group it doesn't seem it'll matter. And from the discussions I've had it looks like it was a good decision to bring Sharon along. From the questions I've been asked already I have a feeling the videos online won't satisfy their curiosity about them and some kind of in-person demonstrations will be necessary. I might even have to help Sharon with things. We'll just have to see how it goes."
"Since it looks like there's a couple of ladies waiting to talk to you, I'll leave you be for now. Just let Maureen or I know when you're ready for your presentation and we'll gather everyone together here in the living room." Then after looking around I asked where Sharon was.
"She's outside taking a break to have a cigarette."
After excusing myself I returned to be with Trish, who was holding one of the strapless dildos in her hand.
As soon as she saw me at her side she showed it to me and asked..."Did you ever see one of these before Lacey?"
"Not until recently, and between you and me, I had the pleasure of it being used on me." Although I made it a point not to share the fact it was Louise who did. "And before you ask, it was a very enjoyable experience. So if you're thinking of getting one, don't hesitate."
"Based on your recommendation, I just might. But I'm not sure how you'd actually use or wear it without a harness. I'm assuming you're supposed to insert these two smaller appendages in your anus and vagina, but."
"I wouldn't be of very much help since I've only been on the receiving end of one so it might be best to ask Colette after she does her presentation since she and Sharon are the experts. And if need be, they'd be willing to show you how to insert it, which I'm sure some of the other girls are as curious about it as you are."
Just as Trish was about to ask me another question, Maureen came up to us..."Lacey, are you going to introduce me to who I assume is Trish, or are you going to keep her all to yourself?"
After I introduced them to each other I couldn't believe how smitten Maureen appeared to be with Trish, which probably had something to do with how close she was to her own age compared to most of us in our club. Seeing she was, I nicely excused myself so she could be alone with her and decided to visit with Sharon outside.
Soon as I saw her I quietly walked up to her as she was standing with her back towards me at the end of the walkway having a cigarette.
"That sure smells good."
She jumped slightly at first, before looking over her shoulder..."You scared me Lacey. And would you like to have one with me?"
"As much as I liked to, I'll pass. Being an ex-smoker, I still love the smell of a cigarette, but I better not tempt fate since it took me so long to quit."
"I've probably tried a hundred times, but obviously never successfully. The best I've been able to do is cut down to about a half pack a day." After which she put her unfinished cigarette out.
"You didn't have to do that because of me."
"It was more for me. I rarely have one right after another, and only when I'm nervous."
"Nervous about what?"
"From my discussions with some of the ladies in your club, it's looking more and more like I'll actually have to demonstrate some of the toys."
"I thought it's the reason you were here."
"It is, but I wasn't expecting I'd actually have to. Colette only asked me because with the short notice in the change of plans to be prepared for possible live demonstrations none of the other girls who usually do them were available. Being good friends as we are, I couldn't refuse when she asked. And the only reason I did is because she said it was unlikely I'd have to, and if I did, it would be only for women. If it was mixed couples, I never would have agreed to it."
"But what about the videos you do?"
"While it might sound contradictory, I don't mind doing them. I actually enjoy doing them. I've even found myself getting carried away as when doing the g-spot vibrator video you saw, and had an unbelievable orgasm. No doubt I'm somewhat of an exhibitionist as I personally get excited knowing other people enjoy watching me in the videos. The problem is, I've never demonstrated anything in front of anyone other than the two women who do the videography, and know very well. In front of a group of women I don't know will be a whole new experience, and I'm not sure I can do it."
"I never would have guessed this would be your first time demonstrating anything in front of a gathering like this. I don't know what to say other than with it being the case you'll do perfectly fine if it comes to that based on the video I watched of you. Especially because of how comfortable and uninhibited you seemed in it. But if it's going to be a problem, I can make sure you won't have to."
"That would be asking too much at this late stage. Besides, I wouldn't want to disappoint Colette since she's counting on me. She committed to demonstrating something herself if necessary even though she rarely does."
"Like I said, I can make sure it won't be necessary for either of you and it wouldn't be a problem. Besides, I'm not sure anyone here is actually expecting anyone to. This kind of an event is totally alien to many of them, so I don't think they have any expectations of an in-person live demonstration."
"It's not a case of anyone expecting it, but from the conversations I've had so far there have been a lot of questions about how best to use certain toys. The videos Collette can access via the internet on the TV might do the trick for some, but won't for most compared to a live demonstration. And it's the reason why we have a number of girls who do it on a regular basis."
"Once again, I feel you'll do just fine and if need be, I'm even willing to help by demonstrating some of the toys with you if it'll make you feel more comfortable. One thing I've learned about myself is I'm also an exhibitionist, and after I get over the initial uneasiness I might put your regular girls to shame."
I wouldn't have made such an offer just for anyone. But for some reason I took a liking to Sharon after I saw her in the video and from what Colette told us about her afterwards, which only heightened once I met her in person.
After Sharon laughed, and in a relieved sort of way..."While I don't know you very well, I have a feeling you could, but I couldn't ask or expect you to. Besides, what would your friends here think?"
"A few might be shocked, but I have a feeling most wouldn't give it a second thought. And if we ask for volunteers to help demonstrate something such as one of the strapless dildos, I wouldn't be surprised if half the girls raised their hands, and the other half would probably kick themselves they didn't after the fact." At that point I didn't want to belabor the issue. I figured the more we talked about it, the more apprehensive Sharon would get. Plus the sun disappeared behind the horizon and no sooner than it did the late summer warmth it provided also disappeared. "I don't know about you, but I'm starting to get chilly and I'm sure Colette and Maureen are starting to wonder about us. And don't worry about demonstrating anything, everything is going to work out just fine if it comes to that and I was serious about my offer to help."
Sharon then stood real close to me and after saying how much better she felt she took my face in both hands and kissed me. Very lovingly with a partially open mouth, of which I enthusiastically responded. It was a brief kiss, maybe five seconds, but as wonderful as a kiss could be. After it ended, Sharon looked at me briefly and just when I thought she was about to kiss me again she turned without saying a word and made her way back into the house.
I quickly followed her and as I did, I couldn't help but think how risky it was to kiss me the way she did. She had to be bisexual and it proved once again, a woman who is could sense another woman also was within minutes of making their acquaintance. From the way she held my hand earlier I got a strong inclination she was and she obviously sensed I was too. If she didn't, there was no doubt in my mind she never would have kissed me like she did. At most, it would have been an affectionate kiss on the cheek as a way to say thank you for attempting to put her at ease.
As soon as we were in the house, Maureen spotted me and came over to inform me Colette thought it was time to do her presentation. We informed everyone else and asked them to congregate in the living room, which they quickly did after refreshing their drinks. Soon as they all were, Colette began her presentation.
After reintroducing herself and Sharon, she accessed her company's website on the internet and played a video on the big screen TV over the fireplace that gave an overview of the company, and the products it sold in generalities. As with any good presentation with an overview, Colette provided the narrative and her slight, but cute French accent made her very captivating.
While speaking, she made it a point to pay strict attention to her audience to ensure they weren't getting bored or disinterested, and from my observation none did. Quite the opposite as the video progressed and she began to describe all the products her company provided in more detail, of which there was only a partial sampling on display in front of the fireplace.
As she was drawing to a close she encouraged everyone to be sure they had one of their catalogs for future reference, and to be sure to ask any questions they had about any of the products on the tables, or in the catalog. Finally she made it a point for them not to be bashful about asking questions of which she and Sharon would be more than happy to answer..."Even demonstrate one if need be. When it comes to sex toys, it's best to be fully informed as to how one works, what it will do, and most importantly, what it'll achieve before you buy one. There is no such thing as an inappropriate question when it comes to a sex toy, and you shouldn't feel the least bit reluctant to ask."
With that said her presentation ended, and everyone gave her a polite round of applause, after which she asked if anyone had any questions. The room remained totally quiet as everyone seemed hesitant at first. Just when I thought no one would and was about to ask one to break the silence, Donna finally did.
Besides Maureen and I, Donna is one of the most regular attendees to our socials, and I can't think of one she's ever missed. And since she's very outspoken and never been shy about anything, I wasn't surprised she was the first to raise her hand before asking Colette if she had brought a Sybian along with her..."I've always been curious about one, but would never think of getting one without at least seeing one up close and personal. When I noticed it in your catalog I was hoping you had one with you?"
"It so happens we do. A demonstration model in the van. A lot of women are curious about it." After she asked Sharon if she wouldn't mind getting it for Donna..."Does anyone else have a question they'd like to ask?"
Since Donna broke the ice, about a half dozen hands shot up. As Colette began to answer them, Sharon came over and asked if I'd help her get the Sybian, which I was glad to do.
By now it was dark outside, but fortunately Maureen's front yard is well lit with landscape lighting, plus when Sharon opened the back of the van it lit up inside and had more than its share of ample lighting. And big as a Sybian is, it was easy to spot as soon as I entered it.
As I lifted one end to gauge how much it weighed, I was surprised how relatively light it was..."You didn't need me to help you Sharon, it's a lot lighter than I thought it would be."
"Around twenty-two pounds if I remember right, but I need help with carrying a box of attachments and a platform that comes with it. Plus I wanted to get you alone to advise you that according to Colette, whenever someone asks to see a Sybian it almost always leads to a demonstration of it. As pricey as one is, I can't say that I blame them."
"If you're worried about having to demonstrate it, I can always put the kibosh on it if Donna asks. Or I'm sure you must have a video you can access online showing how it works and how to use it."
"We do, but like I said, as pricey as one is, almost anyone who's seriously interested in one wants to see how it works in person."
After we gathered up the Sybian, the box of attachments, platform, and an extension cord and foot four square two inch thick cushion, of which Sharon thought to bring along at the last second, we headed back to the house. As we were, Sharon suddenly stopped and turned towards me..."While I have you alone I want to apologize for earlier."
"Apologize for what?"
"For kissing you like I did. I shouldn't have, and don't know what came over me at the time."
"If it'll make you feel any better, I'm pleased you did. And it was an incredible kiss so there isn't anything to apologize for unless you regret it for personal reasons."
"Hell no, if we were any place other than outside in broad daylight I most likely would have kissed you more than once...and more passionately. All I'll say is, I can't tell you how attracted I am to you and leave it at that." After which she left me standing there on the walkway speechless and quickly headed towards the house.
By the time I reacted to catch up to her to respond, she was already entering the house. All I could think is what a night it had been so far. First I found myself "attracted" to Trish, then getting the "hots" for Sharon. Made me wish in some ways I never developed a special fondness for other women by exploring my own bisexual curiosity. Not that bisexual women can't just be friends without being intimate, but it seems in my case I immediately become "intrigued" with what it would be like to have sex with another women I know or sense to be bisexual.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
As we were just about to enter the living room from the foyer with the Sybian and the accessories for it, we noticed everyone was watching a demonstration video playing on the big screen TV. As a result, we decided to stay in the foyer until it finished so we wouldn't be disruptive.
After I put the platform down and the other items I was carrying, I noticed the video playing was of Sharon, and coincidentally it was the same video I saw of her demonstrating the g-spot vibrator. Soon as Sharon noticed the video playing was of her, she got a strange look on her face. The look of inevitability. Of something you knew was going to happen, but was hoping it wouldn't.
The video was about halfway through playing when we first entered the foyer and as I watched what was left of it I got a better appreciation of Sharon seeing it a second time. Not only of her body, but of how uninhibited she was, and how well she demonstrated the vibrator. As for Sharon, she was focused more on those watching it, and their reaction to it and her, which from my observation couldn't have been more admiring. I even noticed some seemed to be visibly aroused by the look in their eyes and how fidgety they were, although they might not have realized they were. Not that I blamed them as it affected Maureen and I the same way when we first saw it.
Soon as the video finished the chitter chatter we overheard couldn't have been more complimentary of Sharon, and how instructive the video was. I even heard Janet from our club say how "awesome" Sharon was in the video from the way she demonstrated the vibrator and "she definitely needed to have one".
When I looked at Sharon, she had a slight smile and an expression of relief on her face from all the positive remarks. She even looked a little embarrassed as you would get when someone compliments you on an outstanding job you did and it didn't take much effort on your part. I also sensed a bit of sexual excitement on her part from the thrill of observing people as they watched her naked as a Jaybird pleasuring herself. Kind of the same thrill I've gotten from Maureen watching me masturbate, and she gets when I watch her. There's something to be said about seeing the expression on other people's faces, and their body language, as they watch you engaged in any kind of sexual activity.
"You feel better now Sharon?"
As she continued to smile..."I guess you were right in some ways Lacey. And while I'm still a bit apprehensive about the possibility of having to demonstrate the Sybian, or something else, I have to be honest and say I feel a lot better about having to do it now if it comes to that."
It couldn't have made me feel better too..."Thank God for that, now let's get the Sybian into the living room for Donna."
As soon as Donna saw us, she came rushing over to see it, followed by most of the other girls. After we placed everything in the center of the room, Donna asked what the platform was for.
Of which Sharon explained..."You can use the Sybian either directly on the floor while down on your knees sitting on it, or with it placed on the platform while standing straddled over it with it between your legs. It's simply a matter of preference and what's more comfortable for you, but most women seem to prefer it down low on a padded surface, which helps cushion their knees."
"Then would you mind setting it on the floor for me."
Sharon placed the cushion on the floor first before positioning the Sybian on it after which she plugged it into an electrical outlet using the extension cord. She then explained about the control box attached to the Sybian by an electrical cord that has two on-off switches. One for vibration and the other for rotation, and a pair of control knobs to adjust the desired level of each. While it's common for the Sybian to be controlled by whoever's using it, it's not uncommon for someone else to operate the controls.
Next was the box of attachments, which also included lubricant. While the Sybian includes four basic attachments for vaginal penetration and clitoral stimulation, there were a variety of additional attachments in assorted sizes with some quite big, as well as some strictly for anal penetration. There was also one for simultaneous anal and vaginal penetration, and even one to stimulate your clitoris, pussy and anus simultaneously. All of which cost extra.
Once Sharon finished explaining about the attachments, I expected Donna to ask Sharon if she'd demonstrate the Sybian, but she surprised me and everyone else by asking..."If you don't mind Sharon, would it be possible for me to try it? I really want one, but I wouldn't dare spend the kind of money it costs without trying one first. Colette did say it was a 'demonstration' model."
While I've known Donna for a few years and never found her to be shy about anything, I never expected she'd ask to use the Sybian instead of having Sharon demonstrate it. Especially in a room filled with her neighbors and friends. All I could figure is the atmosphere created by all the sex toys on display and the discussions about them, and maybe one drink too many, had emboldened her to the point she wanted to experience using the Sybian first hand before deciding whether to get one.
While it was easy to see she was serious and it wasn't just an alcohol fueled decision, Sharon wanted to be absolutely certain... "Are you sure Donna? Or you could always try using it in private in another room?"
"Here's fine since it's set-up and ready. Besides, I'm sure some of the other girls would like to see how it works too."
Of which a few nodded their heads and expressed they would. Some even encouraged her for their own benefit.
Sharon finally relented..."Be my guest Donna, but let me help you with things to ensure you use it correctly and don't get off on the wrong foot. Now the first thing you obviously need to do is remove your clothes. At least get naked from the waist down as there's no need to remove your top if you don't want to."
Donna did hesitate to remove everything until she was naked as the day she was born down to her bare feet and didn't seem the least bit embarrassed about being totally nude in front of everyone. Not that she had any reason to be. While she's a big woman, about five foot nine and weighs a good 140 pounds, it was all nicely distributed.
It was the first time I knew any of us ever saw her naked, and it was easy to see a few were envious. While some seemed a little surprised she wasn't reluctant to get entirely naked, no one appeared offended by it. Just the opposite for some, including me.
While Donna always appeared to be big busted, seeing her naked for the first time gave me a better appreciation of just how big. Enormous tits with less sag than you'd expect with them being so big and full. Offsetting what sag she had was the way her large dark areola and amazingly large nipples diameter wise were positioned high on her breasts, and gave them the appearance of having less sag than they actually had. Below her large breasts was a smooth rounded tummy with a cute innie for a belly button, which transitioned to a very prominent mons pubis with a nicely trimmed bush of silky dark brown hair. She had very shapely long legs and attractive feet, which were nicely pedicured with a bright pink nail polish. As for her bum, it was probably her best feature, being well rounded with very little droop.
Once she was undressed, Sharon and her went through the attachments again to decide which one to use. All the attachments were beige, or flesh colored, and while Donna first wanted to go with one about six inches in length and shaped like a penis, Sharon convinced her to try one called a GMax. It was shaped like a ball or "light bulb" and was six inches in circumference and four inches long with fine 'ribbing' located around the diameter. And as the name implies, it's designed for maximum stimulation of the g-spot. Once Donna agreed, Sharon attached it to the Sybian, and then applied plenty of lubricant to it.
"Since it's your first time Donna, you need to let me operate the controls for you." Then for the benefit of everyone else in the room along with Donna..."When you use a Sybian, you always want to be sure to start at the lowest speed settings. The goal should be to build up the excitement and sensitivity slowly. The slower, the better, until you bring yourself to a glorious orgasm, which the Sybian will easily do once you get accustomed to it. In a lot of ways it's no different than using your favorite dildo or vibrator, so you never should go all out as soon as you get on it. And as you become familiar with it, you want to note what works best for you. Especially how you react to different speed and vibration settings, or a combination of, which also will vary depending on what attachment you use. Be it if you're controlling the settings, or someone else is."
After she finished, she directly addressed Donna..."I'm ready whenever you are."
With that said, Donna carefully squatted over the Sybian before parting her pussy lips and lowered herself down onto the GMax until it started entering her fuck hole. Soon as it did, she slowly lowered herself until it was fully inserted and was resting all her weight on her knees. She then wiggled around until she was comfortable with how the GMax was positioned in her before giving Sharon a simple nod to let her know she was good to go.
Just as she did, Maureen was suddenly standing beside me..."So what do you think Lacey, should we get one of those for us?"
"Too early to tell Maureen, we'll have a better idea after Donna's finishes with her test drive."
Once Donna gave Sharon the okay, Sharon first flicked on only the vibration switch before turning the control knob slightly. Donna reacted almost immediately..."Oh my, I'm liking this thing already and you just turned it on. Feels terrific and the GMax thing couldn't be better positioned inside me as it's hitting the right spot perfectly."
Sharon then turned up the vibration another notch or two before turning on the rotation switch and turning the corresponding knob ever so slightly. Once again, Donna's reaction was almost immediate as let loose with a deep sigh and a very audible groan as the combination of the GMax vibrating and ever so slowly rotating over her g-spot worked its magic on her.
At that point Maureen added..."Looking good so far Lacey."
"Still too early, Maureen."
Watching Donna progressing towards an inevitable orgasm was like watching water boil as Sharon ever so methodically increased the intensity of the vibration along with the rotation. She worked the controls to perfection and occasionally would pause teasingly before increasing both to bring her painstakingly one step closer to cumming. Maybe even tortuously from Donna's perspective as she seemed just on the verge of having an orgasm each time Sharon would pause.
While there was a lot of chit chatter amongst the girls when Sharon first started, the room eventually went totally quiet. All except for Donna who was by now steadily moaning as she leaned back to get the maximum effect from the GMax stimulating her g-spot. While she held onto the Sybian initially, eventually her hands found their way to her huge breasts and she pulled and pinched her now very erect nipples.
Just when I didn't think Donna could endure any more pleasure, Sharon suddenly upped the vibration a good quarter turn of the knob, and caused Donna to all but launch off the Sybian like a rocket. Her orgasm was so intense, she had all she could do to keep from falling off the Sybian as she shook and bucked, and let loose with some of the foulest language I ever heard.
But Sharon wasn't through just yet. As soon as Donna's orgasm began to subside she upped the vibration even more and Donna acted as though she was hit with a cattle prod and orgasmed a second time. It was even more intense than the first one as a flood of watery fluids shot out her fuck hole and all over the Sybian. While it was hard to be sure, she appeared to have squirted, and from the way Donna's eyes rolled back when she did, I thought for sure she was going to pass out.
Although she didn't, Sharon sensed she couldn't endure another orgasm, so she wisely dialed back both knobs before shutting the controls off. Donna remained seated on the Sybian for what seemed like five minutes until she regained her composure somewhat, all while desperately trying to catch her breath. When it became obvious she wasn't going to be able to stand on her own, both Sharon and I helped her to her feet and to a nearby armchair.
Since she looked out of place naked in a room full of people dressed, I got an afghan off the back of a nearby sofa and draped it around her. I then pulled up a chair and stayed with her while holding her hand until she fully recovered.
Finally she did and looked at me before saying..."My God Lacey, that thing's incredible. I never orgasmed like that. While I might be wrong, I might have even squirted, which I've never done before."
"Being a squirter myself, it seems you did. Congratulations!"
"Please tell me I didn't embarrass myself in front of everyone on the Sybian?"
With a smile on my face..."Not unless having two incredible orgasms as a room full of people watched can be classified as embarrassing yourself."
After she groaned..."I did then. How am I ever going to be able to face anyone again?"
"Trust me, you have nothing to worry about. If anything, half of the girls were envious, and the other half jealous. I'm sure most of them would have loved to have done just what you did if they had the nerve. Besides I'm sure they're very appreciative of the fact you were willing to use the Sybian with them present. Albeit more for yourself than for their benefit. And if it's any consolation, you sure impressed me. There's nothing like watching someone have two amazing orgasms like you did to give you a much better appreciation of them."
Before she could reply, Sharon was standing beside us and asked Donna if she was okay.
"Besides worrying about embarrassing myself, I'm better than okay. And it goes without saying I want one of those things."
"I figured you would, everyone does after they use one for the first time. When you're ready we'll write up the sales order as I need a credit card and your address so we can make arrangements to have it delivered to you discreetly. Until then, I need to get back with the others as there seems to be a lot of renewed interest in the strapless dildos and suction devices for your clitoris. Seems you using the Sybian has energized everyone as far as being more proactive about things. I wouldn't be surprised if there'll be a need for a live demonstration of both before long. Maybe even some audience participation because of you."
"First I need to get dressed and then clean up the mess I made."
"No need to as I already took care of it." She then added jokingly..."I found out from Colette, it's part of the job description."
It was nice to see Sharon was in a better mood and no longer seemed anxious about the possibility of demonstrating something. Even nicer was the fact she indicated live demonstrations seemed inevitable, and hopefully Colette would participate in them.