It was the day she had been preparing for, well - mentally at least. It was Friday, the middle of the semester, it was afternoon and it was sunny - all the right conditions for Sandra to set her exhibitionist dream into motion. She had planned it carefully over the last months, she reflected as she was on the way to the park close to university, where she studied and worked.
The dress she wore looked harmless enough, a summer dress but nothing too wild, nothing too crazy - just enough to show off her slim figure and make people wonder, what she might be wearing underneath. Well, the answer to this was simple: nothing. That is, if you do not count the piercings in her pussy lips and her sensitive nipples - they stood as such a beautiful contrast to her pale skin. The outline of the nipple piercings was just barely visible under the thin material of the summer dress, with the wind slightly increasing the fabric pressed against her skin, showing off the piercings to the curious eyes watching her on her path to the park. She went there straight after work, that is - after a little break in between.
Before leaving Campus, Sandra had stopped at one of the bathrooms in her office building, not bothering to lock down the door she sat on the closed toilet seat, leaned back and put her legs up, feet spread wide on the door. How nice it would be, if somebody walked in on her like this - her reputation would be ruined. She did not mean to masturbate herself to an orgasm, but she wanted to make sure her pussy lips looked good for what she had planned - she wanted them wet, glistering, slightly spread open and she knew how to get there.
She plunged the dildo she carried in her purse deep into her already wet pussy, slightly dragging her dangling lips with them, coating them in her juices. The dildo was not among her longest ones, but among the fattest ones - and that was for a reason. After five minutes she looked flushed, a slight sweat on her forehead, her bosom slightly flushed and her pussy gaping open obscenely.
To further accentuate her wetness and the effect she was going for, she took out the little tab of Vaseline she had in her purse - put a dollop on her finger and massaged it in her hungry pussy lips. Satisfied with how shiny they became and how slick her completely hairless pussy and asshole looked, she put the Vaseline away. Not gently, but aggressively she massaged her pussy lips, turning them into an angry red color. No, she did not want to show off the pretty, delicate pussy of the 28-year-old girl, she wanted to show off an obscene, gaping, vulgarous cunt that she was so proud of. She tugged on the rings a few more times, before shoving the dildo deep inside her - her pussy barely closing around it.
Sighing, she stood up, left the bathroom in a hurry, before saying goodbye to her colleagues still sitting on the desks. She even hugged one of her coworkers, smiling to herself knowing that only the thin dress now was between Sandra and the coworker's hands. Wondering what they would have thought of her obscenely open pussy?
Finally, she arrived at the park - crowded, hundreds of students and colleagues running around, playing frisbee, having a few drinks here and there. She knew exactly the spot she wanted to get do - slightly elevated on a hill, right next to one of the main pathways. Carefully she spread out her big blanket there, knowing when she would lay down on the slight slope, her body would be more or less eye-level with the people passing by. It was sunny, but she opted to not wear sunglasses - sunglasses might have prevented somebody from recognizing her and where would be the fun of this?
So, she laid down, carefully observing her own positioning - her feet pointed directly towards the pathway, giving everybody who cared to look her way a good view of her soles. However, that was not the view she actually wanted to offer, as she let her legs drift apart a bit, showing off her glistening pussy lips. She wanted people to really get to know her - not to just see, that she was a pretty girl without panties. No, she wanted them to get a good look at every canny and every fold of her (once) delicate pussy. She wanted them to see how vulgar it looked, glistening with her wetness.
One might think, allowing passerby's to catch a glimpse of her secret garden was the goal - but that's far from it. She wanted to live her most obscene life, today. She took two sleeping pills from her purse and swallowed them with a sip of water she brought with her, knowing they would kick in in a few minutes. She made sure to be ready. When nobody was looking her way, she pulled out the dildo she had buried deep inside her a tiny but, carefully to not pull it out too far - she wanted it still buried inside her, but with the increased risk of it slipping out.
Then, she pulled out the short, thin dress from under her ass, pulling it up just enough to just barely cover her once delicate pussy, glistering, swollen, gaping open obscenely. If a voyeur would have looked carefully enough, he would have seen the pink folds opening up and something buried inside her. She also opened up two more buttons on the top of her dress, making sure to give the dress enough wiggle room to expose her nipples as she would shift in her sleep. And she laid down. Once more she looked around herself - what a sight she was.
The afternoon sun shining on her face told her what she needed to know - it would also perfectly illuminate her pussy, as her legs drifted away. What a sight she must have been, the sun was like a spotlight on her pussy, the Vaseline made it shine -- all the while Sandra was first pretending to be asleep and then finally slumbered away peacefully, her legs drifting further apart. She knew - and that was her last conscious thought for now - how close this park was to university, and how close it was to her home.
She walked the exact pathway where she bedded down every day and knew - everybody who walked by would look right at her cunt, would get the chance to have a good look at her face too. Her neighbors most likely would walk by, as would her students and colleagues. She needed this - knowing there would most likely be nobody left who did not know the look of her cunt, the look of her pristine, hairless asshole.
She had - of course - no memory of the hours after this. She did not notice the young girls walking by, giggling at the misadventure of Sandra - the poor girl who obviously fell asleep and had a clothing accident. One of the girls immediately recognized her, and even tried to wake her up - however, with no reaction from Sandra, the girl gave up, shrugged and moved on. Oh, she could have tried to cover Sandra up, of course, but she didn't - a girl as pretty as Sandra was bound to have some enemies, right?
She also did not notice the boys who sat a couple of meters from her, chatting over beer while filming her from different angles, as her legs had drifted apart obscenely - it must have been hard to believe, that that might have happened just in her sleep, they were spread as far as they could, her dress bunched around her waist, gaping open at the top, exposing one nipple. Her pussy lips seemed almost purple, swollen and wet, as she probably had a couple of wet dreams. One of the guys seemed to recognize her, though - she was teaching in the morning in one of his courses. Just three years his senior, she was a sight to behold and the sight he had now was better.
With the newest phone technology, he zoomed in on her wide-open snatch, showing the pink folds, showing the wetness that was slightly oozing out of her. What a slut, what a misadventure, he thought. He decided to wait, decided to wait when she would wake up. Not wanting to bother her, he sat down and enjoyed the view. Sneaking more and more pictures and videos, he could not wait to share them with his friends. However, deep inside he knew, that this would not be enough of action. Especially as he continued to gawk at her wide-open cunt, glistering with wetness, still gaping open, and the rings dangling in the sunlight.
He sat there, filming her and the people walking by for hours - he barely lost track of how much time passed, and of how many people had a look or a double take.
Dozens of phones were taken out, zooming in on her wetness, zooming in on her innocent face. The face of an angle, he mused for a moment. After what must have been one hour, Sandra shifted a bit more, lifting her ass slightly for a short moment, only to collapse back down - and the boy caught this very moment. - Luckily, as it turned out: a thick dildo started to slip out of her oiled-up pussy. Panicking, looking around he noticed nobody, so he jumped up only to jam it back inside her, barely believing his luck. He would have some fun with her.
Trying to wake her did not seem to work - what if she was not feeling well? So he looked at what's laying around her and there it was: the sleeping pills. She decidedly did not put them away, she wanted them to be found. And it dawned on Thomas: this was on purpose - she knocked herself out on purpose - can it be? This somewhat proper vixen knocked herself out, to show herself off? Well - this might be a fun night after all.
Three hours had passed and not too many people were still around. He laughed - a few hundred people must have passed by, lots of his friends even sat with him for a while to gaze at her and to enjoy. Word was spreading, his WhatsApp group was exploding over the pictures he shared of the young assistant. He smiled. Three more pills might do the trick? And he slipped them in her mouth, carefully making sure she would swallow them properly.
Now, he laughed, the adventure of Sandra could begin. Yes, the park was close to university, but not every part of it was a good place to be, when the night hit. Especially for a young girl, for a young attractive girl with a wide-open cunt. He would just drag her a bit further, where the old trees are, and where the homeless and drug addicts start gathering at night. That would make a good movie, with the drugged-out girl, seeing what they might have in mind for her.
He put her on one of those park benches without a backrest. It was reeking of urine, stained, dirty - he draped her there, legs as far apart as possible, propped up, her dress pulled open. Having fingered her for a while he found the dildo inside her, laughed, plunged it in as hard as he could with just a slight reaction from her. Oh well - he would have fun and what could be more fun than to decorate her a bit, first with his own cum. He first wanted to cum over her face, but decided better - her pussy was so inviting, and maybe, just maybe, she was not protected by the pill - so why not try and knock her up?
(And indeed - she did not use contraception and was at her most fertile time of the month - her plan, you see, was similar to what happened. She wanted to get knocked out, not knowing by whom. However, her plan was for it to happen at the disco bathroom with a stranger, not with a student of hers in a seedy park. Oh how she would have loved this! However, with what the night still had in store with her, chances are it would be one of the addicts, junkies, or homeless anyway, who would knock her up)
He came deep inside her - then plunging in the dildo back into her open cunt, he smeared the remaining cum on her pussy lips, finally sitting down next to her, as he saw a couple of homeless watching him intensely. What a sight it must have been - Sandra on this bench, her legs propped up, her cunt (the term pussy did not seem really applicable at this moment) gaping open with the dildo slightly sticking out of her, stretching her open, the wetness and the rings glistering in the light of the street lamps that have been turned on.
And what a contrast her pale skin, her beautiful nipples, and her (so far) only slightly stained dress were to the surrounding: a couple of stray dogs, beer bottles, a few used needles and even a few used condoms around her, graffiti on the wall and dirt all around her. The boy from her class made sure to capture a few more pictures, aiming to not just show her pretty sleeping face, so peaceful and such a beautiful contrast to her state of (un)dress, but also her surroundings. The stray dogs that were taking a piss right at the bench next to the one where she was draped made a perfect backdrop. It was Friday - her next lecture would be on Monday. It would be fun, he knew. Just for safe measure, the boy put the box with the sleeping pills next to her, before he went into hiding, waiting for what was to come on this beautiful spring day.
Sandra had taken all the necessary precautions for her adventure. In her purse were not only her sleeping pills, that she had so masterfully propped next to her body, hoping to attract some evil-doer. She wanted more, and she craved more - that's why she started this adventure. Over the last years she has grown a master exhibitionist - enjoying changing rooms in the local shops, where she mastered the art of not fully closing the curtain.
Going to the men's bathroom in clubs, bar, restaurants, or the public park and conveniently forgetting to lock the door, instead spreading her legs wide while waiting for somebody to walk in (but this is a story of its own - also the story of how she got her first pussy piercings two years ago at the railway station, where three homeless men had her way with her, making sure she would never forget them, when they shoved every dirty object they could find into her). So, this was not her first rodeo, but it was supposed to be the grandest of them all.
See, in her purse were other objects, carefully assembled: The key to her apartment next to the campus dorms, conveniently with a keyring that had her address written on it, the key to her office with the exact door printed on it in her own handwriting. Her phone, with the pin code disabled to allow for easy usage - before leaving the office she made sure, that she was logged into both her personal and her professional e-mail accounts, and into all her social media accounts. The icons for those carefully assembled on the front page - easy to use, as she thought, easy to use, just like her. In the phone contacts, again carefully assembled the names and numbers of her friends, her co-workers, her former lovers and the guys she knew had a crush on her.
"Ruin me", she had thought to herself when she prepared everything. The same went for her own home - everything was carefully arranged, just in case somebody wanted to make good use of her and even her home. The balcony door, leading to the little balcony overlooking the street, the front yard, and the dorms opposite the street, was opened, the light on the balcony on. Picture books showing her life, her friends, and her experiences were carefully arranged all across the place, different dildos were ready to be used and conveniently placed right next to the balcony door. She was full of hope, that all her dreams would come true that day.
With all this plan in motion it was no miracle that she woke up, when the bright sunlight hit her eyes - morning! It must be morning already, she was shivering slightly, feeling the sun in her face. It took her a few moments to open them and to come to her senses, her body hurting, her pussy sore and her asshole feeling, well - wet? She blinked multiple times, with her eyes feeling like they have been sealed tight, before giving up and closing them again.
It must have taken her a moment to realize she was not in the park anymore, but back home - did some tender gentleman bring the lost princess home to put her in her bed, tuck her in and wish her a good night? When she moved her hand down along her body, she noticed that the gentleman at least did not take the liberty to put clothes on her, she found herself stark naked. Propped in some kind of chair or couch, she found enough conscious, to explore her naked body, her tiny tits hurt when she touched them, one of her nipple piercings gone and replaced - replaced? Replaced by another one that felt so much bigger, so much more painful. Smiling to herself - her plan seemed to have worked - she let her hand wander down to her cunt, only to find it sore, swollen, wet - it was like nothing she ever touched before.
Having had some wild nights, she knew what her cunt felt like when thoroughly used and abused, but the swollen mess she found between her fingers barely resembled her own cunt. To her surprise, she also found two additional rings through her pussy lips, and as she ran two fingers between them, she felt something - with her eyes still closed and a dreamy smile on her face she started pulling on what she found. The more she felt around, the more surprised she became, finally opening her eyes wide only looking down at what she pulled out of her pussy - used condoms.
First one, then two more of them, filled with cum. But there was more, she could barely believe it - nested deep inside her she found one of the miniature bottles of vodka the homeless sometimes used to carry around. Screwed shut, it seemed to be filled with a liquid. Instinct took over, when instead of looking around her, she just opened the bottle, gingerly putting it on her lips and downing the drink in one quick motion. - It was not vodka, it was not... a beverage. It was lukewarm piss, she understood within the very second the liquid touched the inside of her mouth. What a way to wake up, at least she felt now wide awake, awake enough to take in her surroundings, expecting to see the cushy pillows of her bed or her sofa surrounding her. But that was not at all what she found, when she opened her eyes.
She was surrounded by bright daylight - the sound of cars driving by, the sound of birds. Too many cars - it should be early Saturday morning anyway, why where there so many cars and how could she be outside - she was naked, obviously, she should not be outside, not in broad daylight. It took a moment for her to understand, where she was so nakedly: on her very own balcony.
Panicking, she started looking around, looking at the mess she was: Propped up on her balcony chair (a comfortable one, that is) with her legs spread wide across the balcony railing. Oh my, what a sight this must have been for the people passing by her second story apartment. Hopefully, it was too early for somebody to have passed by. Now, her first instinct was to close her legs, eventually - but she found them ziptied to the railing. Well, that might turn out to be a problem for her. She would have to see how to get out of this situation, and fast - she realized still holding the used condoms in her hands.
A short slip of judgement, she decided to not throw them on the ground, but to stuff them back inside, what use was there, to put them anywhere else? She had been abused; it seems. Still only barely awake and partially in shock, she felt around her own asshole, as it was conveniently perfectly exposed to the world. The tight, pristine ring that she remembered seemed to be no more - quite the opposite, it was gaping open around some foreign object, that probably had no good reason to be stuck in there.
Probably, she figured, somebody had shoved her very own dildo in her asshole, abusing it as they did, so she started to pull - only to not find her very own dildo, but another obviously used condom. However, the condom was not only filled with cum, apparently, somebody stuck in there some half smoked joints and cigarettes, and all kinds of unspeakable filth, she realized as she pulled it out from her. Oh, this night might have been a bigger adventure than she thought, in the early morning daylight at her very own balcony, not yet seeing the faces in the windows opposite the street. Students, and friends - those are the people who lived there, in her neighborhood, her beloved neighborhood.
The real realization of what she did hit her, when she found her purse on the little coffee table next to her and started to rummage in it, looking for something to cut through the zip ties. The keys to her apartment, obviously gone. The keys to her office - and that started to worry her - obviously gone as well. The box of sleeping pills was empty, probably somebody took the liberty of dispose of them for her. What a gentleman!
However, her phone seemed to be gone as well. So there she sat - legs spread wide, her pussy gaping open more obscenely than ever, with a used condom sticking out slightly and two new rings in her pussy lips. The tattoo on the folds of her lips - she had not discovered it yet, despite the crystal-clear lighting, the sunrise provided for her. She also had not noticed that the balcony light was still on, probably having illuminated her for a while there. So, the phone was not in her purse, that was bad - yes, she wanted somebody to take pictures of her with it and yes, maybe even go through her social media accounts.
The possibility of that had given her a thrill - somebody finding her, fucking and abusing her, while looking at her graduation pictures? or while looking at the pictures of her last vacation of the dinner at university last week? Yeah, she fancied the idea - but now the phone seemed gone.
Thankfully - however - it was not stolen. Quite the opposite, it was upgraded just for her, some kind person must have taken the liberty to mount it on the balcony railing, aiming its camera right towards her front, probably capturing a great angle of her pulling out used condoms from her pussy, the sperm dripping on her, then drinking from a piss bottle that was in her swollen cunt (did we mention, that when exploring her abused body she started pulling on the rings in her cunt lips, spreading them apart as far as she could?, finding the used condom full of filth in her abused and gaping asshole. Yes, that must have been some quality material right there.
What she also had not realized - by leaving her social media accounts open and her phone unlocked, she had not only given somebody - a lucky someone? - the opportunity to look through all her precious memories, but also to - share some new memories. Some pretty vivid memories, share them with her networks, her personal and professional ones alike. Little did she know, it was not Saturday morning -- as she might have assumed. It was Monday morning -- with her little adventure having started on Friday.