We were at a barbeque together one Saturday afternoon. You were standing over with the boys and I caught you looking up at me from across the yard. We couldn't take our eyes off each other. I could see you undressing me with your eyes, making me naked for yourself.
I was talking to a group of people and as I laughed at something someone said, one side of the strappy summer dress I was wearing slipped down for a few moments, exposing one of my breasts. Everyone was watching me. I could feel the eyes of every man, and most of the women, boring in to look at the swell of my breast, my nipple which had instantly become a hard peak.
There was a guy there who didn't realise I was with you. He came up and started talking to me. He was obviously trying to get into my pants...and I didn't mind. He was tall, and smelt clean, powerful. He put his arm around me and hugged me to him and I moulded myself into every angle of his hard body. I thought he had a girlfriend, and when I looked around, I could see a girl watching us closely. Was that her?
As he leaned into me and kissed me for the first time, I saw you coming over towards us. Would you mind what I was doing with this man? As he kissed me, one of his hands moved up to cup and knead the breast that had been exposed earlier. He told me what he'd felt when he saw it exposed earlier. I could feel his hard cock against me so I had a fair idea. He soon had pulled my dress down a little again and now was playing with the swell of both my breasts, pinching and rubbing the peaks of my hard nipples. Christ, the wetness was flowing straight from his touch to my cunt...
When you came over, you stood behind me and slipped a hand up the inside of one of my thighs. I don't think he noticed that you were there. As your hand moved up my thigh, you felt where my wetness had run down my leg, you moved up further and found out that I hadn't worn any knickers today...my bare, wet lips were owned by your fingers...your touch had electricity running through my body. His kisses, his touch, your fingers in my pussy... I was excited, I was wet, I couldn't breathe, my knees were weak. And then I felt your breath against my neck as you nuzzled into me. God, somebody please just fuck me, I'm yours, take me...
As I'd been kissing him, you behind me, exciting me, we had slowly moved across the yard a little way until I felt myself back up against a table. He lent forward to kiss me harder, and as I kissed him back, harder and harder, he lay my body back down onto the table. My arse was just on the edge, my legs hanging down, pulling my short skirt up. Now I was on display to everyone there. My tits were free, the air cool across them, my legs spread open, my bare cunt swollen, wet, glistening, display me to everyone...
As I was lying there with him so close to me, I was able to finally slip my hand past the buttons on his jeans. I felt his soft but ever so hard, hot, swollen shaft. The feel of him made me weak and I felt another gush of moistness in my pussy. My body arched up toward him, my body was beyond my control.
You moved behind him, finished unbuttoning his jeans and pushed them down from his smooth hips. His hard cock jutted out toward me, toward my wet cunt. He grabbed a hold of my hips and after teasing me with his tip, rammed his cock inside me, so deep...god so deep. As he started to thrust in and out of me, you reached around him and pulled his shirt up and off his body. Your hands caressing his chest, your fingers finding his nipples with one hand and your other hand moving down...
Your hand traced its way down his chest to where we met, his hard cock and my dripping, swollen cunt. As I glanced over and saw his girl looking at us with pure lust in her body, I felt your hand encircle his cock and your fingers flick against my clit, your hand jamming against my cunt every time his thrusts split me deeply open.
I imagined how he must be feeling you from behind him. He was looking at me in ecstasy, his whole body thrusting into me. He would feel your hand on his cock. Surely he would feel your hardening cock pushing against his naked arse. I knew how hard you would be, a drip of wetness forming on your tip. God, the taste of you when that little drop forms on you...
My body was spread before the two of you. It was as if I was being fucked by two men. I though about how long it would be before you too were naked, nudging your cock deeper between his arse cheeks...searching... As I thought this, his girl was suddenly beside us, her hands reaching out for my breasts, her mouth with its thrusting tongue moving down to harshly kiss me. Her hands kneaded my breasts as he had done before, her fingers rolling my taught nibs between them...how did these two know just what I needed...what my body was craving.
Just before I thought I would soon begin to climax though, she moved away from me. I felt so empty without her there at my breasts, at my mouth. I didn't notice where she'd moved to...until I felt the table move under me and realised I was in for a sweet, succulent treat...the treat of her.
I was staring up at him, as she moved over me. My view of him was blocked...by the sweetest sight imaginable. As I looked up, I saw her legs, spread on either side of me, and under her own short skirt, her swollen, glistening lips... She knelt down, her legs spread so wide around me, and as she lowered herself, her cunt opened wider as it came down toward my face.
I imagined that you'd be so jealous of me tasting her like this. As I moved my tongue up and down her slit, probing at her clit, pushing inside her, I tasted her tangy sweet juices and knew that you would be wanting to be tasting her too. Maybe later as I kissed you, you'd know what I was tasting, but for now, she was riding my tongue, and I was lost inside her.
I imagined that she'd be kissing her bloke, their tongues mashing together as they both fucked me. I know that you'd be so hard watching the three of us... I hoped that you were enjoying this as much as me... but really, I was too lost in the feel of them fucking me to care too much about you. I was lost riding the waves of pleasure that they were giving me.
Later you told me that I'd screamed as I came. I don't remember. You told me that you masturbated yourself and came all over his arse... I didn't know that... I barely even remember him cumming inside me... I was in a daze. You said that he carried me out to the car, that we went home and I just slept for hours. You rang the hosts, and apparently we weren't the only ones to let ourselves go that day. Apparently the spa had a fair work out that evening. Next time, it's your turn...