[Author's Note: All characters in this story are 18 years or older.]
Holly-Cam
Part-7
(A short recap from Part-6)
Friday morning I was on the back patio—orlanai, in local-speak—watching the sunrise and sipping a cup of coffee. I was naked, and enjoying the cool morning air. Along with being a voyeur and an exhibitionist, I was apparently becoming a nudist, as well.
About an hour later, Lana and Holly came out to join me. They were both gloriously naked, as well.
"So, I got a call from my boss, this morning," I said as they sat down. "It seems that the clients who toured our plant after we left were so impressed with what Lana and I had done that they want us to meet with a couple of their teams to discuss strategies for other sites.
"They can't get everyone together until next Saturday, though," I went on, "so it looks like we'restuckhere for another week."
"Oh, that's fantastic!" Holly said. "I was dreading having to leave tomorrow."
That big impish grin spread across Lana's pretty face, and she said, "That means you'll be here next Thursday and you can make it to the club meeting!"
"Looks like," I said as my naked dick began to stir.
Part-7
We got dressed (temporarily), went out to breakfast, and then headed to the nude beach. Walking along the sand, playing in the surf, or relaxing at the bar in the adjacent nudist-resort area, I was a little surprised at how many people there seemed to know Lana. This must have been one of her favorite hangouts. Not that I blame her; if we lived here, Holly and I would be regulars, too!
When we got back to the bungalow, we showered separately, and didn't even have sex afterward. It was really nice to feel so relaxed that we didn't need to cram every available moment with sex because we were running out of time. Which is not to say that we became celibate, of course!
Sunday night I was doing my voyeur thing, sitting in a chair and watching Lana and Holly making hot lesbian love while slowly stroking my dick.
They were in a 69 with Holly on the top. From my vantage point I was watching intently as Lana lapped at my wife's flower-petal pussy. Holly rocked her hips, fucking her juicy slit over Lana's face while Lana had Holly's puffy nipples between her fingers, squeezing and stretching them downward.
As I slid my hand slowly up and down my pre-cum slippery dick, Holly raised her face from Lana's pussy, and said to her, "You think you're ready?"
"Yeah," Lana answered from between Holly's legs. "Let's do this!"
Both women managed to turn their heads to look at me, and Holly said, "Come on over here with that thing, and fuck me! I want to feel your fat cock up my cunt-hole while Lana laps my clit!"
I climbed onto the bed, and as I scooted forward with my stiff dick in my hand, Lana reached around Holly's leg and replaced my hand with hers. While a leaned in, she slid my fat cock-head up and down through Holly's juicy pussy lips, bringing my boner surprisingly close to her own face.
Finally, she lined my dick up on Holly's cunt-hole, and gave me a little tug. I leaned forward, and pushed my hard cock into the velvety smooth opening of the cunt that I knew so well.
Lana held me at head-depth for a moment, and I looked down to see her staring intently at the wet pussy lips that were stretched around my cock-head. She wiggled my dick around inside Holly's cunt-hole entrance a little bit, and then she tugged me forward again.
From her position at Lana's pussy, Holly moaned, and said, "Oh, yeah! Fill my cunt with that fat fucking cock! God, baby, that feels so good!"
As I made the slow, glorious push up my wife's cunt, Lana lifted her head and planted her lips over Holly's clit, sucking and tonguing the little nub just a fraction of an inch from my cock. As my dangling balls approached her forehead, though, she dropped her head to get out of their way.
Looking up as my cock spread Holly's wet pussy lips and disappeared deep inside her, Lana said, "Fuck her, Ted! Fuck your wife's tight little cunt-hole! Make her hungry pussy cum for me!"
Holding my wife's hips, I began fucking in long strokes, leaving just my cock-head inside her pussy on the retreat before pushing my full length back into its depths. As I fucked, Lana raised her head again, to go back to lapping Holly's clit.
But that's not where her mouth went. Instead, she clamped her lips over Holly's stretched pussy lips and the fat cock that was stretching them!
Holly, too, obviously felt where Lana's mouth was, and she encouraged her, "Oh, yeah, Lana! Do it! Lick his stiff dick while he fucks me! Taste my pussy juice off his big fat cock!"
Lana's tongue was pressed hard against the underside of my cock as I fucked my wife's cunt, picking up speed with each stroke. It almost felt like she was trying to get it shoved inside the tight pussy-hole along with my dick.
Obviously, the two women had cooked up this bit of "immersion therapy" to get Lana further over her penis-aversion, and I was thrilled to be part of it!
On one of my backstrokes, Lana put her hand against my hip, and pushed, apparently wanting me to pull my dick all the way out of Holly's pussy.
As the head popped free, I looked down and saw that Lana had her head tilted back, and her mouth wide open.
"Are you sure?" I said.
The reply, "Uh huh!" escaped her throat, and I leaned forward, dipping the head of my fat, pussy-soaked cock between her lips.
She closed her mouth with just my cock-head inside, and I could feel her tongue sliding over its spongy surface, and even poking into my pee hole.
A moment later, Holly had maneuvered herself off of Lana, had spun around, and was leaning over her, with her own face only inches from Lana's cock-filled mouth.
"You did it!" she cheered. "I knew you could, sweetie! You're sucking cock!" She leaned down and gave Lana a kiss on one side of her dick-spread lips.
Lana responded by letting my cock-head slip out to get a full mouth-to-mouth kiss, but within seconds, both women's mouths were latched onto my rigid cock.
I mentioned earlier that I had never had my cock in another pussy since I married Holly, and the same goes for it being in another mouth. And havingtwosets of luscious, hungry lips on my dick at the same time was something I'd never experienced in my life!
As I knelt there on the bed, the two women had their mouths together with my dick between them, lapping, sucking, and passing it back and forth.
Finally, Holly used her mouth to guide my cock-head between Lana's lips, and then backed away. She looked up at me, and said, "Fuck her pretty little mouth, baby! But go easy!" She leaned down, gave Lana's dick-filled lips a kiss, and said to her, "Are you okay with that, sweetie?"
"Mmm," came the reply from her closed mouth.
Kneeling with Lana's head tilted back between my legs and her naked body stretched out on the bed before me, we were in a classic position for a deep-throat. But I was hardly going to try anything like that.
Instead, I rocked slowly and gently, pulling my cock-head half way out of her sucking mouth, and then easing it back in, but just an inch or two. I didn't want to get anywhere near her gag reflex, and risk ruining Lana's cock-sucking "breakthrough."
I fucked her mouth several times like that, while Holly watched intently with a wide smile, obviously very proud of her protégé.
Suddenly, though, Lana pushed at my leg and twisted her head to get away from my cock.
"Sorry!" I said as I pulled back, although I had no idea what I'd done.
"What happened?" Holly asked, probably thinking I had poked my dick in a little too deep.
"Nothing," Lana said as she turned herself over and sat up on the bed. "I just want to give that fat cock a full-on blow-job!"
Holly let out a relieved laugh, but as Lana bent down to take my dick back into her mouth, she stopped her. "That's no position for arealblow-job!" she said.
Twenty seconds later, I was standing and Lana was on her knees in front of me. Holly sat on the edge of the bed and smiled broadly as I stroked my cock and held it in front of our friend's pretty face.
Lana reached up and brushed my hand away from my dick. "No help from you," she said. "I want to do this on my own."
I clasped my hands behind my back, leaving my boner sticking straight out in her face, and replied, "No argument here!"
She opened her mouth and extended her tongue, but just as she started forward, she stopped, looked up at me, and said, "But don't cum, okay? I don't think I'm ready forthat!"
"I'll give you plenty of warning," I said.
"I'll finish him off when he gets there," Holly offered.
Once more, Lana leaned forward with her mouth open. She found the head of my cock, and took it in, but she didn't close her lips around it. Instead, with her mouth wide open, she swirled her tongue over and around the spongy head.
Finally, she closed her lips and with her tongue poked into my pee hole, she began to suck.
She reached out and held my legs to steady herself, and began bobbing her head, sliding her lips back and forth over my cock-head.
After several head sucks, she began to take more and more of my dick into her mouth with each bob. I looked down and watched my fat cock bulge her cheek as she pushed her mouth about as far over it as she could get. For someone who had only done this one other (disastrous!) time, Lana was a damned good cock sucker!
She went back to bobbing on my cock-head and rubbing her tongue over its sensitive underside, picking up speed as she went.
Watching intently, and with her fingers rubbing through her wet pussy lips, Holly smiled, and said, "Fuck! I would never have guessed that watching another woman giving my husband a blow-job right in front of my face could be so fucking hot!"
Lana responded to Holly's encouragement by leaning forward, and taking as much of my rigid dick straight into her mouth as she could ... or as she dared.
Over and over she slid her sucking mouth up and down my cock, and with each stroke of her lips, I felt the cum in my balls boiling more and more. I got that she didn't want me to shoot off in her mouth, but shehadto be tasting my pre-cum.
Holly apparently picked up on my breathing and body language, and knowing that I was getting ready, she slid off the bed, and joined Lana on her knees in front of me.
Little by little, Lana was getting more of my cock into her mouth, until I finally felt my dick-head poke against the entrance to her throat. Her body spasmed in reaction to her gag reflex, and I expected her to pull away, and maybe even puke.
But she did neither. She backed off from the full penetration, but kept my cock-head clamped between her lips as she took some calming breaths through her nose.
Then, she did it again, but with more of a tickle against the back of her throat, rather than a poke. Once she found that balance point, she really started bobbing her head, giving my cock that full-on blow-job that she'd wanted.
I leaned my head back, closed my eyes, and moaned, "Oh, fuck! You better get ready to take over, baby! Our little cock-sucking friend has my fat dick about ready to explode!"
Ignoring my warning—maybeencouragedby it—Lana kept bobbing her head up and down the length of my dick, actually picking up speed.
With her face right next to Lana's, ready for a quick transfer of my cock, Holly reached her hand up between my legs. Expecting that she was going to massage my balls to get an even bigger load of cum built up, I skidded my feet apart to give her plenty of access.
But she surprised me and poked her finger—slick with her pussy-juice—up against the pucker of my asshole. As she wiggled it around the wrinkled circle of flesh, I moaned, "Oh, fuck yeah! Do it baby! Shove your finger up my ass while I cum! Fuck my ass!"
Holly and I had only tried pegging a few times in the past. I like the feeling of the little spread that her finger would give me, but Ilovedwhen she ground her knuckles-deep fingertip over my prostate! It was like hitting the supercharger button for my orgasm!
Unfortunately, she felt that having her finger up my butt was a little gross, so she had to be super-motivated and really want to give me something special in order to do it for me.
I could see how this could be one of those special times, but I also wondered if her own recent addition of anal sex to her list of likes might have changed her mind about my ass, as well.
It didn't matter; I was thrilled to feel her finger push through my tiny sphincter, and make its way up my ass!
"Okay, you two!" I warned. "You better switch right now, or Lana's going to get a mouthful of hot cum!"
Lana wrapped her hand around my dick, and as she pulled her mouth from its head, she moved it the couple inches to Holly's mouth.
Holly took the spongy knob in her mouth, and as she sucked and bobbed back and forth on the first couple inches of my cock, Lana began jerking me off.
I squatted a little bit on my spread legs, and at the same time, I said, "Fuck my ass, baby! Shove your finger up my tight little asshole! Push that button and make me fucking cum!"
As Lana's tight fist flew up and down my cock, Holly jammed her finger fist-deep up my ass, and ground it hard against my prostate.
Apparently, Lana could feel the first heavy blast of cum surge up through my cock, and as she kept pumping, she said, "Oh, fuck, yeah! Take his cum, Holly! Suck the cum right out of his fat cock!"
"Oh, my fucking God!" I shouted as my cock exploded into my wife's sucking mouth. I had to reach out and put a hand on top of each of their heads to steady myself as Lana kept hammering away at my pulsing dick and as I squatted more and rocked my hips to get the full effect of Holly's finger up my ass.
I blew so much cum into my lovely wife's mouth that she had to swallow a couple of times to keep it from leaking out. Normally, she would let it ooze out, after which I would clean her chin, cheeks, and even her tits with my mouth, and then share whatever I had recovered with her. But I'm sure she felt that that might have been too gross for Lana to handle at such close range.
My cock-head finally reach that point of super-sensitivity where I couldn't take it being sucked anymore, and I rocked back, pulling it from Holy's mouth with apop!Lana slowed her tight-fisted jerking to a loose and gentle massage, and Holly backed her fingertip away from my prostate, but gently twisted the digit back and forth and up and down inside the hugging grip of my butt-hole.
Lana then surprised me—perhaps all three of us—when she guided my dick in front of her face, kissed her lips against the squishy, wet head, and gave my cock a tight, full-length pump. As I watched her cheeks hollow in a sucking kiss, I felt a small stream of jism escape through my pee hole.
She leaned back, lips closed, and appeared to be rolling her tongue around inside her mouth probably trying to decide if she liked the taste—or could at least tolerate it.
Finally, a smile spread across her face, and she turned to Holly and said, "I've been missing a lot, haven't I?"
***
Tuesday night—one of the slower nights of the week at their restaurant—we all had dinner at Lana's folk's house.
I was more than a little nervous about how awkward the conversations might be, knowing that Lana had told Kanoa and Kalani all about our Holly-cam escapades while we were on the work-site island. I also wondered if they were aware that Lana was staying with us at the bungalow that they were letting us use.
Throughout the wonderful dinner, the subjects never came up, however.
I think that Polynesian women tend to hold their age very well, and at one point I commented that Kalani could easily pass for Lana's sister rather than her mother. She thanked me for the compliment, but then pointed out that as the younger brother, Kanoa was only about six years older than Lana, and that she was a month younger than him.
The conversation came around to what we had been doing during our leisure days, and Kanoa asked Lana, "So, did you take them out to your beach to get some sun?"
"Of course," she replied. "It's been perfect weather for all-over tanning."
"Yourbeach?" I repeated with a chuckle, talking to Lana. "You did seem to know a lot of the people there. It must be nice to have your very own nude beach."
"Well, thebeachisn't hers," Kalani said. "They'reall public. Just the resort is hers."
My mouth fell open a little, and after a couple glances between Lana and Kalani's stoic faces, I managed, "Seriously? Lana owns the nude resort?"
"My brother and his wife—Lana's adoptive parents—had started it a few years before they died," Kanoa explained. "As trusties of the estate, we ran it and built it up, and when Lana turned 21 she took over total ownership."
"You own a beachfront resort in Hawaii and you're working as a computer programmer?!" I said in astonishment.
"Ilikeprogramming," she said. "Hospitality business, not so much. It would probably be boarded up and abandoned if mom and dad hadn't taken it over. The day after I turned 21 I made them fifty-percent partners. I look at it as my retirement nest egg."
"You plan to sell it and live off the profits," I asked, "or use it as a retirement home to live out your golden years? Or should I say yourall-over-tannedyears?"
***
While we were clearing away the dinner dishes, Kalani said, "Why don't we all take our drinks and relax in the hot tub for a while before I serve dessert?"
"We didn't think to bring our bathing suits," I said, not really thinking that that was going to be an issue.
Kalani laughed, and said, "We own a nudist resort and you think we wear bathing suits in our own hot tub? From what Lana's told us, I didn't think that would be a problem for you and Holly."
A few minutes later, we had all used the bathrooms, and had returned to the kitchen, all nude.
The three women were stunning, and I had to make a very conscious effort to keep my dick from rising.
Naked, Kalani looked even more like an older sister to Lana. Her hips were just a bit wider, but she had the same compact, globe-shaped ass cheeks. Her tits were larger—just a bit bigger than Holly's, actually—and her dark nipples with their protruding nubs were proportionately larger, as well. Below a flat belly, she had the same bulging, clamshell pussy-mound that Lana had. And like Lana, she wore a deep, even tan without the hint of a tan-line anywhere.
No amount of concentration was going to keep my peckersoft, in the close company of three such gorgeous naked women, and although it hung down, it was pretty wellinflated. I was relieved to see that Kanoa's involuntary reaction at the sight of three naked beauties was about the same as mine.
"Ted and I will freshen the drinks, and be right out," Kanoa said, and we watched three fantastic naked asses file out through the back door.
Kanoa set the glasses on a tray, and then he turned to me, and extended his hand for a shake. "I want to thank you—youandHolly—for helping Lana to get over her dick-o-phobia."
I took his hand, and he surprised me by pulling me into a shoulder-bump, back-thumping buddy hug.
As we came together I felt our two inflated cocks bump one another. As a bisexual, he may not have even taken note of the brief contact, but it was a definite first for me! I found the dick-to-dick contact awkward, but I was surprised that my reaction was that it only felt alittleawkward.
We separated as if hugging naked guys was the most normal thing in the world, and as he poured more wine into Holly's and Kalani's glasses, I said with a laugh, "Trust me, I was glad to help out!" I then added, "Lana doesn't keep many secrets from you two, does she?"
"We've always been nudists," he replied, "even before she was adopted into the family. That seems to make it easier to be open and honest about sex." He stopped and looked at me, and added, "We've never gotten it on with Lana, though, in case you're wondering. Technically—and I think even legally—it wouldn't be incest, but it's just never happened." He chuckled, and added, "So, you're one up on me!"
As he mixed Lana's gin and tonic, he said, "So, I hear that you're the only one of us that's not bisexual."
"No secrets, at all!" I said with a laugh.
"There's an old saying," he went on, "that goes that if you're not bisexual, you're missing out on half the fun. No pressure or anything; just a suggestion from a guy that resisted his curiosity for a lot longer than he should have."
"You're a recent convert?" I asked.
"A couple years," he replied. "Kalani was bi when we met, and we had some really hot three-ways with a couple of her friends. That's how we ended up joining the swingers club. Oh, and speaking of which, Lana extended the invitation to be our guests at our get-together Thursday night, right?"
"She did. Thank you. We're looking forward to it," I answered.
"Did you get your blood test?" he asked.
"We went down this morning," I said.
Lana had explained to us that if we wanted to participate in the activities without using condoms that we needed to be certified as "clean." Fortunately, one of the club members owned a medical clinic that could push the tests through on a one-day turn around.
"So, what changed your mind about trying bi after so many years?" I asked Kanoa as he got two beers from the fridge for himself and me.
"I had watched a lot of bi activity at our club get-togethers," he began. "At first I was pretty neutral about it. It didn't turn me on to see a guy suck another guy's dick, but it didn't gross me out, either. I saw it as a kind of you-suck-my-dick-and-I'll-suck-yours kind of thing. I didn't get why they wouldn't just go find a more-than-willing women to get a blowjob.
"But after a while, I began to notice that the guy doing the sucking actually seemed toenjoyhaving a hard cock in his mouth. It didn't seem to be just a way of getting his own dick sucked, in return.
"Then I began to think about how much Kalani appeared to like sucking cock—mine and other guys' in the club—and little by little, my curiosity piqued to a point where I had to try it." He looked at me, and added, "My only regret is that I didn't try itsooner."
I picked up the tray of drinks, and asked, "Do you do anal?"
He replied with a question of his own. "Do you ever try pegging? Does Holly ever stick her finger up your butt and work on your prostate while you're fucking?"
"Yeah," I said. "That really gives my orgasm a boost!"
"Well, think about your prostate being poked by the nice spongy head of a stiff cock, and then having the whole length of that dick rubbed all the way across it, in and out," he replied.
"Yeah, but a finger fits a hell of a lot easier than a fat dick," I said. "Doesn't that hurt?"
"Once you learn to relax, and not fight it, that stretch actually feels good. Trust me; it really adds to the whole experience," he replied. "Kalani used her butt plug on me to get me used to it before my first time."
I laughed, and said, "That's exactly how Holly told me she got ready to take me up the ass, just the other night."
"Oh, and there's another benefit to being bi," he added. "A lot of women find it hot as hell to watch their hubby or boyfriend suck a cock."
"Really? Why isthatdo you think?"
"It varies," he answered. "I asked around at one of our club get-togethers, and I got answers that ranged all over the place. They went from,I think it's sexy that he's self-confident enough to suck a dick and still know that he's all man, toI just love the look of bliss on his face when he's getting his mouth fucked, toHe doesn't really like it so much, but he does it for me, and that's hot as hell, andI love it when he pretends to be all submissive, and I get two guys to fuck his mouth and his ass at the same time."
"How about Kalani? Does she find your bi side sexy?" I asked.
He slid the backdoor open with his foot, and said, "Ask her yourself. You should probably ask Holly her thoughts on the subject, too. You might be surprised."
We joined the women in the bubbling water of the big hot tub, and passed around the drinks. I was sitting between Kalani and Holly, and Kanoa took the spot opposite, between his wife and daughter.
"So, what have you three been talking about?" Kanoa asked as he settled into the hot water.
"Lana's big breakthrough with cock, thanks to Holly and Ted," Kalani answered. She raised her glass and toasted, "Cheers to both of you, and to immersion therapy!"
We all clinked and sipped, and then Lana toasted, "And here's to bisexuality and the other half of the world that it opens up!"
Again we clinked and sipped, but I found everyone looking at me.
"Why do I have the feeling that you've been talking about me?" I said.
"Well, with Lana's breakthrough, youarethe only one here who hasn't tried bi," Holly said.
"So, you'd be all right seeing me on my knees taking a stiff dick in my mouth?" I replied to her.
"Hell, yes!" she answered enthusiastically. "I think that would be hot as hell!"
"Why?" I asked, "I would have figured that you'd see something like that as degrading? Kanoa and I were talking about this just before we came out, and ..." I trailed off as the light bulb came on over my head. "The four of you are in this together, aren't you?" I said. "You're all plotting myconversion."
I was answered with four big smiles, and a couple of chuckles at having beenfound out.
Holly then said, "I'm going to turn your question of why I think it would be hot to see you suck a cock back on you. Why do you think it's so hot to see me with another woman, sucking tits and eating pussy? Why is that so hot for you that you would blow a load of cum across the kitchen floor without even touching your raging hard-on?"
"I guess it's the raw sexuality of it," I replied. "Two gorgeous, sexy, stark naked women, kissing, fondling, sucking, biting! That's watching pure sexual passion and unbridled lust!"
"I think seeing you suck a cock would be the same thing for me," she said. "It wouldn't be about seeing you as submissive or degraded in any way! I'd see you as open and self-assured and as hungry and passionate about all things sexual as I am."
I took a long swallow of my beer, exhaled a deep breath, and said, "Where do I start?"
"Oh, baby!" Holly said with a huge smile, and leaned over to kiss me.
"Here's to new adventures!" Kalani toasted.
"I want to help!" Lana said. "What can I do?"
I looked at her, and her eyes were actually wet, she was so happy.
Holly replied to her, "You can help me get them in the mood."
"Hey, don't leavemeout!" Kalani said.
The three women stood up, their beautiful, naked bodies shimmering with the water that ran off them, and went into a three-way hug.
Holly and Lana exchanged a hot kiss while they slid their hands down each other's back to get a handful of ass.
Holly then turned to Kalani, and they went into a steaming, open-mouth kiss with plenty of tongue tangling and lip sucking. They too, dropped their hands to squeeze each others asses.
As the three women stood there, slip-sliding their wet naked bodies together, Kanoa and I both raised up out of the water, opposite each other, and sat on the edge of the tub. Both of us sported intense boners that stood out and dripped water.
Kalani broke her hot kiss with Holly, and said, "Looks like we're having the desired effect!"
Lana then surprised Kalani—all of us, I think—when she turned to her and covered her mouth with a passionate kiss.
Seeing something special happening, Holly backed away, and let the two other women wrap their arms around each other, pulling tightly and rubbing their wet, naked bodies together.
As they kissed, Kalani was squeezing the globes of Lana's cute ass, and pulling her pussy mound into her own. After a short while, she ran her hands sensuously up Lana's back, and eventually slid them up her slender neck, and then cupped her pretty face between them.
Kalani broke the long, steamy kiss, and said, "Oh, baby, I have wanted to love you—makelove with you—for so long!"
"Me, too, Mom!" Lana replied, as tears rolled down her cheeks. "I don't know why I couldn't just let myself go, and tell you."
"Here's to another breakthrough!" Kanoa said as he raised his beer bottle. "And as much as I'm looking forward to seeing that one play out, we were in the middle of different one, I think."
"So we were," Kalani said, and then gave Lana another kiss. "We'll get back to this." She turned to me, and said, "You ready foryourbreakthrough?"
With my dick sticking out as straight and stiff as it had ever been, I answered, "If I'm not now, I never will be!"
As Kanoa stood up and started across the tub toward me, preceded by his stiff cock with its slight upward curve, I slipped back into the water, onto the seat. Its height put my head at exactly the right height with the approaching dick.
Holly sat down on one side of me, with Lana on the other. Kalani sat next to her, and I could see beneath the bubbles that she had her hands around her daughter, gently massaging her cute little tits.
Kanoa stopped with his boner just a couple inches from my face. I had never been that close to a stiff dick, before—even my own! (Lord knows I had tried, but I was never that limber!)
It was similar in thickness and length to my own, but was darker in color—in keeping with Kanoa's whole Polynesian body. Where mine was straight, his had that upturn, and his cock-head was a bit fatter, with a more pronounced ridge.
I put both of my hands on the fat erection, wrapping my fingers loosely around it. This was another first for me; touching another guy's cock.
Although I had had my own stiff dick in my hand countless times, I guess I never really concentrated on what it felt like in my hand because the sensations in my dick easily overwhelmed those in my hand. Not so as I held Kanoa's hard cock.
With a light touch, I slid my fingers slowly up and down its length. I could feel the ripples of the engorged muscle hidden below the smooth skin, stretched taut with his obvious arousal. I felt the soft bulge of the urethra running up its length along the bottom. I could even feel the bumps of the meandering fat veins that fed blood to all parts of his erection.
After a couple of delicate, exploratory strokes with the fingertips of both hands, I slid one hand back to the big cock's, base, and then off and onto his hanging ball sack. I took the two globes in my hand, and gently rolled them around while lifting up and pushing them lightly against the underside of his dick.
My other hand moved up to the fat, spongy head. I stopped with my curled index finger up against the pronounced ridge, and extended my thumb to rub the sensitive little v-shaped patch of skin at its underside. I slid my thumb all the way up to the edge of the pee hole, and then back, to flick the tiny little web of skin that connected the open end of the v to the rest of the cock.
All the while that I was stroking and exploring my first-ever strange dick with my hands I was staring intently at that fat swollen cock-head just an inch or two in front of my face—in front of my mouth.
I opened my mouth, leaned forward, and took the engorged knob inside. I slid my hand back and closed my lips around the pronounced ridge of his fat fire helmet.
I had my eyes open, staring down at the rest of the stiff cock that extended away from my mouth as I began to suck lightly on its spongy head.
My first reaction was one of slight disappointment. I was anticipating a kind of musky taste, but all I got was the taste of chlorine from the hot-tub water.
My sense of touch—through my lips and tongue and cheeks—were not disappointed, however. As I sucked, pulling my lips into a tighter seal, my cheeks drew in against the soft, smooth flesh of Kanoa's bulbous cock-head. Still sucking, I ran my tongue along its underside, flicking that little web of skin, and then following the v-shaped path up through the cleft that led to his pee hole. I wormed the tip of my tongue around the little opening, poking at it as if it was a tiny cunt-hole.
I began to bob my head slightly, just enough the get the squishy ridge of the cock-head to spread my lips and escape my mouth, but not enough to let the whole head exit altogether. With my tongue pressed up against the sensitive v, I began to suck and rock my head, getting the fat knob to "snap" in and out of my lips, over and over.
Two weeks ago, having a fat cock-head poking in and out of my mouth would have been quite unimaginable—probably even repulsive. But a little time can change a lot of things. And they wereallthings that I could never have imagined.
Seeing my gorgeous wife having super-hot sex with her best friend, Sandy. Sitting on a motel bed naked and jerking off with a cute exotic lesbian right beside me frigging her own pussy. Watching my wife and that cutie finger fucking their cunts for each other, long-distance, and then having my wife watch over the phone as the little vixen jerked me off in the public of our rental car.
And then, we all met in Hawaii! Again, my imagination paled in comparison to reality. Watching Holly and Lana having steaming hot lesbian sex; having my wife invite me to fuck Lana's virgin pussy; fucking Holly up the ass while Lana sucked her cunt. If I had been trying to write a porn movie, I would never have come up with those scenarios. And yet, here I was living it!
I had always considered myself pretty open-minded when it came to sex, but when I gave in to "try bi" just now I was telling myself that it was to please my adoring wife, who really seemed excited about the prospect of seeing me with a cock in my mouth. But even then, I could only do it because the changes in my sex life over the past couple weeks had pretty much broken down any barriers I might have harboring, and showed me what opennessreallywas.
And if I had to be honest, now that I had stepped over that last line and had a fat cock in my mouth, I was happy I had done it. I was enjoying every sensation of that big spongy head popping in and out of my closed lips and the feel of it as it pushed against my tongue.
And now that the flavor of chlorine was gone, I even liked the taste, which I realized must have been coming from his pre-cum.
With Kanoa's pre-cum suddenly in mind, I took is cock from my lips, and while watching its fat head, I began to make long, tight-fisted two-handed pumps up and down the whole length of his stiff dick. As I'd hoped, I was rewarded with a good ooze of thick, clear liquid that I quickly caught with my tongue and lips.
With his dick-head still pressed against my now-closed lips, I swished the little bit of fluid around in my mouth, searching for its flavor. It was kind of like "cum-lite," and it only made me want the real thing.
I leaned forward and let my lips part over Kanoa's fat cock, but this time I didn't stop until I had the big spongy head pressed against the back of my mouth. With as much cock stuffed into my mouth as I could get without gagging, I began to bob my head giving that fat dick the kind of blowjob I'd like to get myself.
As I rocked my head, sliding my sucking lips up and down the few inches of cock that I could fit in my mouth, I was jerking off the rest of it. Now recognizing the flavor, I could taste the pre-cum that I was pumping and sucking from Kanoa's hard, fat dick, and it made me pump and suck faster and harder in anticipation of what it was going to lead to.
Concentrating on the pleasurable experience of sucking my first cock, I had become somewhat oblivious to the three naked women who surrounded me, watching intently.
I became aware, again, when I heard my wife, say, "Oh, my God, baby! That is so fucking hot!"
Then I heard Lana tease, "What is so fucking hot? Use your words, Holly dear."
Without missing a beat, Holly replied, "Watching my handsome hubby suck on a stiff cock! Seeing him give another hot guy a blowjob right in front of me! Watching him jerk off that big dick while he laps and sucks on its big fat cock-head!"
I began picking up the pace of my bobbing and jerking, even more, at my wife's filthy encouragement.
"Are you going to take his cum, baby?" Holly asked me. "God that would be so hot to watch him blow his big load of hot jism right into your mouth!"
I separated my mouth from Kanoa's fat cock just long enough to answer, "In for a penny; in for a pound!" I then went back to giving Kanoa his blowjob.
"Finish him all over your lips, baby!" she told me. "Squeeze out his last squirts of cum on your lips, and then I'm going to ..."
But she stopped suddenly, as another thought apparently occurred to her.
After just a moment's pause, she went on, "ThenLanais going to kiss and lap all of that hot cum—herdaddy'shot cum— off of your face!" I couldn't see, but she must have turned to Lana, and then she said, "Isn't that right, little tease? Aren't you ready to taste cum again? Wouldn't you love to taste your daddy's hot cum on my hubby's lips?"
"Oh, fuck, yeah!" Lana agreed. "Come on daddy, do it! Cum in his mouth and all over his lips so I can clean it all up!"
"Jerk him off, baby!" Kalani said to Lana, and then moved her daughter's small hand onto Kanoa's fat cock, displacing mine. "Jerk off your daddy's fat cock so you can taste his thick salty cum!"
She started sliding her hand up and down Kanoa's stiff cock as I continued to bob my head and suck, but we couldn't get into a rhythm. Finally, I removed my mouth from his dick again, and told him, "Fuck me with that thing! Fuck my mouth until you blow your load right down my throat!"
Suddenly, four different hands were on my head, unnecessarily holding me in position. It's not like I was going to try to get away; getting face-fucked wasmyidea.
As Lana continued to jerk off her daddy's hard cock, he started rocking his hips and fucking it in and out of my mouth.
I held my jaws apart, and my lips closed tightly around the hot shaft of flesh, and I let him pound away at me. There was an odd feeling of being "used"—of being a fuck-toy—but damn if I didn't like it! It gave me a weird sense of pride to know I was giving him such pleasure.
Kanoa and Lana managed to get into a good fucking-jerking rhythm and I soon felt his other hand grab my head, and he began jabbing his fat cock ever deeper into my mouth, pushing the limits of my gag reflex, but never quite triggering it.
Suddenly he groaned, "Oh, fuck, man! Here it comes! I'm gonna blow my load in your hot fucking mouth!"
I was sucking on his fat cock-head and the first inch or so of his cock when I felt it pulse and erupt in my mouth. The ribbon of cum was thick and hot and I felt it plaster against the back of my mouth.
I swallowed instinctively, but I realized immediately that that was a mistake. I couldn't taste his spunk if I just swallowed it.
With his squirting dick-head clamped between my lips, I was rubbing its sensitive underside with my tongue while Lana furiously jerked him off, and I was rewarded with at least half a dozen strong spurts of thick, hot sperm ... all of which I kept hoarded in my mouth.
Finally, he said to Lana, "On his lips, baby! I'm near the end—pump it onto his lips for you to lick off!"
I let the fat cock-head slip from my mouth, and closed my lips again. As Lana jerked her daddy's cock, smearing the final squirts of his jism all over my lips from nose to chin and from cheek to cheek, I swished my tongue around in the small cache of warm salty cum that I held in my mouth.
I had tasted my own cum, of course—sharing it with Holly after a blowjob or eating it out of her pussy as a hot cream pie—but Kanoa's tasted different. A little less salty but a bit more "earthy" for want of a better term. Also, there was a slight bitterness to mine that his seemed to be missing.
Was the difference genetic? A result of diet? Did every guy's jism taste different? I was pretty sure that by the end of Thursday night I was going to have a lot more data to work with. I was already looking forward to that research!
I had only seconds to think about all of that when I was hauled up from my sitting position in the water by three beautiful, naked women.
Two of them crowded behind me, pressing their bodies to mine, and then pulled Lana against my front. My stiff dick squirmed upward, and was pressed between our two bellies.
She covered my lips with her mouth, and I felt her sucking and lapping at her daddy's jism that she had just smeared there.
When Holly noticed that I wasn't responding to Lana's hot kisses by opening my mouth and kissing back, she said, "You've still got his cum in your mouth, don't you?"
I gave a slight nod in reply.
"Well, don't be so stingy," she said. "Share it with her, baby! Push that nice warm spunk back and forth sobothof you can enjoy Kanoa's daddy-cum for the first time!"
Lana and I each reached up and took the other's head between our hands, and pulled against one another, sealing our mouths tightly together. We each parted our lips, and with my tongue I swished the pool of jism out and into Lana's.
She sucked in every bit of her daddy's cum that she could get, and then with our mouths open but tightly sealed, we pushed the still-warm spunk back and forth, swishing and swirling it as our tongues danced, flicked, and prodded each other.
Finally, after having flooded every taste bud in each of our mouths, we began to swallow our shares until we were sucking hard on each other's lips, making sure we had gotten every drop.
When we finally broke our hot, cum-swapping kiss, Holly immediately took over kissing me, and Lana turned to Kanoa.
The two took each other in a tight naked embrace, and pressed their mouths together. After a hard, passionate kiss, their lips parted, and Lana said, "Oh, daddy! I love you so much! I want you to make love to me! Youandmommy! I want to love you both at the same time!"
Kalani joined them in a tight three-way embrace, and after a series of shared kisses, she said, "Lana, baby, I have dreamt about sharing you with your daddy so many times! God, we love you so much, sweetheart!"
After another warm kiss, Kalani turned Lana toward me, and said, "But first I think we need to take care of our guest!"
Thirty seconds later, I was lying prone on a flattened lounge chair, and four mouths were taking turns going down on my swollen cock. Only Lana was unable to take me down her throat, but even she made a valiant try.
With the long build up that I had just enjoyed, it didn't take me long to get ready to blow my wad, and with all of them crouched around and watching closely, Holly jerked me off, sending a long spurt of jism into the air. As she continued pumping my erupting cock, four sets of lips and tongues scavenged for the hot cum that splattered my belly, legs, cock, and Holly's flying fist.
***
Lana decided to spend that night with her mommy and daddy (gee, what a surprise!) so Holly and I took an Uber back to the bungalow. In the backseat, I checked my phone for missed calls or messages, and found one from my boss with further details about Saturday's meeting, and one from Joe and Sandy back in Florida.
"Well, that's interesting," I laughed after reading Joe's e-mail. "Joe says that he and Sandy are flying out here to join us. They're going to land Thursday morning, and are wondering if there's vacancy at whatever hotel we're staying at."
Holly laughed, and said, "You meanThe Bisex Bungalow? I think we can accommodate them."
"Wait! Are you saying that Joe's bisexual?" I said.
"No personal experience," Holly answered, "but that's what Sandy says."
"Holy crap!" I said. "I'd never have guessed." Then another thought struck me. "I wonder how quickly that clinic can get a blood test rushed through for them. I'd hate to have to leave them behind when we go to the swingers club get together Thursday night."
Continued in Part-8: "Everyone enjoys many and varied experiences at the swingers club."
Please take a moment to leave a comment!
Thank you!
Love,
Casey