A totally fictional story that came directly from my sick mind. It is a continuation of Part 1. All characters portrayed are well over the age of 18. Self-proofed and edited with the help of software, so some mistakes are possible. Comments on the storyline are always appreciated.
_____________________
The exhibition that Peg set up and I performed for my neighbor went well. Not exactly as planned but I have no complaints. It was not intended as part of it, but I got a bonus, a blow job from the neighbor. Apparently, the neighbor had no regrets either as she told Peg that she was all in for an exhibition of her own.
Peg and I were both fine with it, what could we say anyway we had mentioned she could have a turn. We decided to set it up for a week from Friday. That Thursday before Sharon called Peg and I can't believe this crazy stunt that we had done had interested her so much. She was practically crying thinking it was not going to go down. The guy she had lined up backed out, she thinks that the sound of the whole thing freaked him out. She begged Peg to find a substitute, but if not she would just do it in front of us, or better yet a threesome with us. Peg was quick to let her know she is not into girls, and I guess that was true, she never mentioned having been with a girl. That was dropped, but Peg was still left to try to find someone for her.
Things got down to the wire, and then Peg surprised me, she told me that she recruited my buddy Eric as a replacement. That was a surprise, and it added a different dynamic to what was strange, to begin with. But I admit the thought of watching Sharon naked and masturbating for Eric and us, or who knows, it could morph into her just plain fucking my buddy and would be even hotter for me. I am not sure about Peg, she may find she does not like that. Sometimes I think she is more jealous of him than of me. I think it was just a quick decision in a pinch. But anything could happen, as this exhibition stuff was all made up, and not planned to go this far.
Eric and Peg have always had a close relationship, but it always seemed more like a brother and sister might have. I have to admit though, I thought I was noticing some changes in it lately, and if so, that in itself might cause her to be jealous. Small things at first, like kisses that were once a peck on the cheek, now were still brief, but sometimes on the lips, and the hugs she might give him on occasion seem to involve more body contact, and maybe even a bit longer. But I figured that could just be my own tendency to be jealous exposing itself!
I was not sure if we should have started this whole prank, or escapade thing we had going, it was just plain crazy. First, my masturbating for Peg and Sharon was crazy, now it was going to be us watching Sharon strip naked and masturbate, and doing it with Eric with us made it even crazier.
To get ready we had more than a few drinks, some before Eric or Sharon got there, and more with them after we introduced them to each other. Sharon seemed pretty nervous, she may have underestimated the courage it takes to get naked and be watched masturbating in front of anyone but a spouse, but she was going to be doing it with neighbors, and someone she just met. Even on a one-night stand, you have some time to talk dance, etc before you get naked, and usually, you get undressed so quickly that you are not technically stripping. I can attest it is hard at first, as I learned that when she was my stranger. We made some small talk as she pumped down a few more drinks.
Peg had spread a blanket on the living room floor so Sharon would have a stage once she got into it. Eric only agreed to do this sight unseen if she started first and he got to watch her with us. He did not want to be on the spot to participate. She was in a chair across from the sofa the three of us were on. She wanted to know if it would be OK if we could take turns helping her strip out of what she had on. Peg told her, "Well it is your show, so that would be up to you, I understand it is your first time putting on a show, other than when you flashed my husband from your yard on numerous occasions."
So Peg started by going over and helping her pull off her top. She had a sexy bra on, but it was not as small as the bikini top I have seen her wear.
Then I let Eric take a turn, he is a big tit lover, and I knew he would get the bra off and he did. Peg and I could tell he was not hating this, as he had a pretty big bulge as he walked over to her. Eric was not the only one, I had not seen her this close-up topless before. I was glad I was next as I did not be the one to pull off her panties, this would leave that up to Peg.
As I walked over to her she stood up and said do the honors. I had the waistband of her shorts and was trying to make sure not to snag her panties with them. It was awkward and I heard Sharon giggle for the first time, and she said, "Surprise, no panties, so just go for it Frank, my little pussy won't bite you."
So there I was pulling them down as she was shimming out of them, her bald pussy showing up right in front of my face. She walked over to Peg for a quick close-up, then to Eric, but stood there for him. She started with a slutty move, she put a leg up on the sofa next to his. Then she reached down to open her pussy lips and insert two fingers. She stroked herself a few times before taking her leg down. Then she turned around bending over to give him a rear view of her doing the same. Both Eric and I were showing wood in our shorts, I could see Eric trying to adjust his, but with not much success.
Sharon then went to her bag of toys she brought and took out a little vibrator. She wanted Eric, and she leaned back on the floor pretty much right in front of him and started stimulating her clit with it. Any pinkness in her face was gone now but replaced with that flushed look women get when turned on. She played with one breast as she continued. She then got in her bag and pulled out one of the biggest dildos I ever saw. Sharon held it with both hands to show how big it was. She said, "I guess I should have rehearsed this or at least had a plan. I can't use both of these by myself, would someone help me with the big one?"
Well, it was pretty safe to say that I or Peg was not the one for the job, and Eric moved down to help. She lubed the tip and handed it to him. He was like a fish out of water, I would have been too. She then laid back again and opened up her pussy. Is there a better view a woman can give you?
Eric did look a little surprised, maybe shaken up by what was going down. He is such a ladies' man, he may have had an experience similar, but two more people watching would make this unique.
He did not back down, he had the fake dick in hand right above the fake balls, and even with his big hand, there was more shaft there than I would have thought any woman could take. Sharon got back to her clit and turned her little vibrator on high I am guessing. She had a free hand available and was working her breasts. There is not much more to this phase. Eric took his time with the big fake cock, it was obvious that you would have to. He got a pretty good rhythm going, at what I would say was a medium speed. Sharon's flushed face and neck had soon spread to her breasts. She was verbal, a lot of "Yes, that's it!" were said that went on until she came, and came hard. I had never seen a woman cum in person like that other than one I was fucking. Her whole body shook and the use of the toys by both of them stopped. It was a brief session but got the job done.
The toys were just laying there, and each had hands on the other. It was a reaction to the "O." She had a hand on his forearm, and he had a hand on her thigh very close to her bald pussy as she came down.
They had their eyes locked on each other, so Peg and I left to get drinks and maybe some snacks, it just seemed like a break was timely. I was not sure where she could go with her masturbation from there.
We took our time getting the drinks, which takes only a minute or two, so to kill more time we made up a cheese and cracker plate. We found out we made two, too many servings. We got back to the room, and a naked Sharon was riding Eric, who was now nude as well. She had him on the floor riding him cowgirl as she was rubbing his bare chest. We were a bit shocked, as we were gone less than 5 minutes and they had just met that night. We just kind of sat down and could not help but watch. I guess neither Sharon nor us set any guidelines as to what Eric could do during her exhibition, but I was still a little surprised he did this so easily, especially since it was in front of Peg.
Our view was mostly of Sharon's ass and pussy as she slid up and down on Eric's cock. I looked to see Peg's mouth open in amazement each time Sharon lifted. It was because when she did, it exposed a good 6 to 7 inches of his thick cock, and that was with all of his knob and a little shaft still inside her bald pussy. It was hot, but I detected some jealousy from Peg. I knew he was packing, and I had told her before that he was more hung than I was, but it did not prepare me, as I had never seen it hard, and she was seeing his cock in any state for the first time.
Our next view was them in a 69 on the floor, this highlighted the size of Eric's cock, as Sharon held it in her tiny girl hand and mouthed it. Again, there was a lot more of his cock showing than when Peg held mine that way.
I was sure this was not going according to what Peg had in mind, even though she left things pretty open to them. It did not take long for me to realize why Eric had a lot of women. It was not just his size but he knew how to use it. The whole session was not that long, Sharon and he was both in need I guess.
The next position was Eric fucking her again. It was now of his ass and balls that was our view as he did. He had her legs in the air and we watched his cock go in and out, his balls smacking her with every stroke. Sharon, well she was pounding the floor and practically screaming in joy. I personally did not need to see his ass that close and personal, but Peg's eyes were glued on this action. Sharon came once, but they did not even pause, then later she took his shot inside her, and his cumshot seemed to last, his semen was running out around his shaft, and down in her ass crack before he pulled out, she sat with legs spread showing the pie he gave her.
Peg was not as interested in seeing her pussy seeping cum as I was, she was busy looking at Eric's now glistening cock with his and her fluids as he sat there. It was clear they were both giving us a seductive post-sex display. Sharon's likely for me, and Eric's for Peg. He was leaning back on his elbows with his legs spread some as well, his cock standing up. He was likely still on a high from being watched by his best friend and wife, yes, he was enjoying showing my Peg not just his manhood at full mast, but all of his fit body at once. That is when I had another revelation that I have been misreading their feelings, and that his feelings for her must have evolved from a brother and sister type as well.
All we heard from them was Eric's comment as he got up and helped her to her feet, "Thanks, Guys." They did not bother dressing, he had her by her hand and they both left the house with no hesitation. I could not believe that they left their clothes still on our floor.
We caught a glance of them at my den window crossing our and her yard to her front door. Two strangers to each other with not a piece of clothing on either of them. It was getting dark, but early enough plenty of people had to be up. He let her down, and they stood under the porch light naked as she punched in her key code. It seemed like they stood there a long time like she got the wrong one first. I was so turned on, and hard at that point, I needed relief.
I sensed Peg's jealousy had grown twofold in this little bit of time, but it worked to my benefit that she was also horny as hell, and wanted fucked. We wasted no time attacking each other, we did not even leave the den. We stripped down and I fucked her as she leaned over my desk. Spontaneity sex, I guess I will call it, and it was good.
Things were a little different at the breakfast table that next morning. Peg was in a bit of a mood I would call it. She was trying to make pancakes in nothing but panties. I was quiet and listening to what was close to being a rant. I liked the view but not the rant.
"Did you see his car is still here? Do you even believe it that they took off from here naked and likely fucked all night? I think that took a lot of nerve out of Sharon don't you?"
Well, I did not answer any of the questions, there was no correct answer, but I took it as an opportunity. I went over to the stove and turned the burner off, and picked her up. I took her over to the open spot on the counter by the sink put her on it, then pulled off her panties. I ate her out right there and then gave her another good fucking. I figured that was the best way to calm her down, and get something for myself at the same time.
I could not help but be a little shocked by the jealousy she was exhibiting all of a sudden. I guess this, and Eric, deliberately displaying his naked body and dripping cock to her. He had just fucked the neighbor but I got the feeling some of the pleasure he got was from the display of his cock to Peg. To me, this confirmed that both their feelings had been changing over the years. She knew he was a stud, and liked to go from woman to woman, but now she had seen him fucking with his large member, then sprawled out nude. I guess I know now that this did not quell her interest in him, it made it deeper.
After that on the surface, things seemed to get back to normal, but it was a new normal I guess. Eric and Sharon were then a thing, at least as far as sex goes. He told me they were just fuck buddies and Sharon told Peg the same, but Peg was not liking it. It was her that set them up that was the only reply I could give to end one of her rants. I would get a dirty look and she would get over it for a while.
I guess the big change in the extent of her feelings was a surprise to me, even though it shouldn't have been, but sometimes you don't notice things that evolve over a long period. Peg could not stop talking about Eric and Sharon spending so much time together. She was getting even more jealous, I figured she started all this with them, let her stew.
We did have the two of them over for dinner and drinks in the hot tub a couple of times. Now Peg and Sharon seemed to be in a contest as far as dressing. Peg got the nerve one night to suggest to Sharon that the two of them surprise, and get in the tub with us guys topless. It was OK with Eric and me, but I knew it was not because Peg wanted to start something, it was because she had much nicer breasts to show, especially to Eric. Peg is just a whole level higher on the Hot Chick Scale.
The topless hot tub appearance was just the beginning of Peg's desire to show more of herself to Eric. After a while, Peg seemed to be dressing sexy for his pleasure I have to assume, as she knows I see her that way all the time. Her purpose for dressing that way was likely to keep reminding Eric how much hotter she was than Sharon. The whole jealousy thing was kind of funny to me at first. I had noticed before, that even when her feelings were platonic, she seemed to think of both Eric and me as her men.
I watched all this transpire and figured seeing him fucking someone, had caused the new feelings she had for him to continue to get deeper. Not sure how much the confirmation of how endowed he is had to do with it, but it certainly did not quell her interest. I still was not too worried, as she and I seemed to be in a good place as both companions and sexual partners. I did not think she would actually attempt to initiate a sexual encounter with him, and I was pretty sure Eric would not go for it anyway, but I have been wrong before.
One of the things that made things worse was Sharon and her now being friends. She told me that Sharon likes to talk up Eric's endowment and how well he knows how to use it. Peg and Sharon despite this jealousy and competitiveness, seemed to become closer friends.
This need to compete seemed to be a driving force in Peg's desire for Eric's attention. She started dressing even more provocatively for him. Sometimes wearing her sunning bikini in the house when he was over, telling me she was planning to go lay out. His not paying as much attention as he once did seemed to cause her to show him more skin, and flirt with him even more. Women are impossible to figure out sometimes. I was perplexed about how to handle things with her if it got worse.
I decided for the time being I was not going to say anything about what I was seeing, and maybe that would take some of the thrills away from it, but it just made her bolder. She gathered the courage eventually to make her first topless trip from the backyard sunning to get something from the kitchen or our bedroom when he was there. She pretended she did not know he was there and seemed to not try to cover her breasts until she was sure he saw her. His response was to try not to look, I think that just motivated her more. I decided not to say anything the first couple of times this happened.
It turned out that it was the beginning of a habit. It happened again, and eventually, she was walking in, and would half-heartedly put her hands over her breasts on a more regular basis. She would say, "Oh, I am sorry guys, I forgot Eric was here, I hope I did not take you away from what you were watching. We don't see you so much anymore Eric. I miss having both my men around as much."
She kept it up, and after a while would not rush to the bedroom, and there would a longer delay in making her half-hearted attempts to cover her breasts. The topless, and feeble attempts to cover moments got to be so frequent I had to at least acknowledge it.
I finally told her, "Peg, I know you got this all-over tan contest going with Sharon, and I am OK with you doing it. I like seeing your world-class boobs, and the rest of your body of course. I am sure despite his trying not to stare, Eric is OK with it. I guess it is up to you what you are willing to show our friend, so your feeble attempts to try to cover yourself are kind of stupid don't you think? So don't bother on our account."
Well, that statement came back to haunt me. She picked up on the, "and the rest of your body," part. That is what happens when you don't think through what you are about to say.
It was not long until she ran with that part of the statement. She made her debut naked one day on her way in. She started all this by just getting just me accustomed to her walking in, and around the house naked. Not that I had not seen her do it before this all started, but it was rare.
When she did get the courage to walk in naked from sunning that way while Eric was here, she tried to make it look like an accident. Consider the fact that though she does sun naked, she never goes outside without at least one of my long shirts on, or at least with her in case someone unexpected came while she was out there. Her feelings for Eric were now even more obvious, including him as someone she was more than happy to display herself nude to.
That first time, I just happened to see out of the corner of my eye, her walking up to the sliding doors with my shirt on, the pause when she saw I had company. Knowing it was Eric she pulled off the shirt and tossed it over a chair before coming in, I knew who she wanted to show off her all-over tan to.
This was the first time showing herself nude and lasted just as long as one of her topless pass-through trips. When we looked her way she did have a hand over her pussy. She said, "Sorry I did not know Eric was here, but I guess since you don't mind Eric seeing all of me it is OK. (and said that as she removed her hand to expose her pussy to him) "But Sorry guys it was an accident, Eric was not here when I went out, I am going to have to remember to take a robe or one of your shirts with me."
I passed on the chance to call her out on it and say something smart-ass like, "What, you lost the shirt you wore out to the yard?"
Eric was definitely affected by her stunts, he seemed to be having a harder time not responding to her displays once she started showing it all. He was no longer trying to avoid looking.
After that, she would just march through the room, and stop to face and talk to us while naked. One day she seemed to be trying to think of something to do or say, which caused her to take things up a notch and put her leg up on the ottoman between her and us. I swear the way she used her hands to get our attention on her pussy, she did it to deliberately open her slit as well. Peg then said, "What do you think guys, do you think I finally eliminated my tan lines? I even have laid out with my legs spread to get what is usually hidden even while naked."
I just said, "Very nice honey, we could see your pink, but you better go before Eric's eyes pop the rest of the way out of his head, and both our cocks are extended out of our pant legs."
She left, with her naked ass swinging and saying, "Oh Frank, you see me this way all the time, and Eric has had so many women, he has seen plenty of naked ladies and their bald pussies, he seems to be over at Sharon's almost every day."
The next time she did it she saw we had beers, and stopped at the kitchen to get herself one, and us a fresh one. That gave her an excuse to walk right over to us and then sit down between us naked. Her excuse for stopping was, "Boy is it hot out there, I decided to get myself a cold one too. I figure you guys wouldn't mind having a naked gal drinking a cold beer with you."
We didn't mind, she knew that, but how could I not feel that things were getting out of hand? I was soon ready to have another talk with her, but I guess what really convinced me to change the way I was dealing with it was when Eric told me about an incident shortly after it happened. I was out in the garage, and Eric had been helping me fix my car. He had crawled underneath and done the dirty work, so when I left to do some things he said he asked Peg if he could use our shower before leaving. It was not the first time he ever used it, although since he has been seeing Sharon it was less often.
What he told me next was what let me know it was time to confront her. He told me that he had just gotten out of the shower and was standing there naked about to grab a towel when Peg walked in on him. She not only walked in on him, but she was wearing nothing as well. Her claim was that she was changing, heard the shower turn off, and was not sure there were any clean towels in there. She said, "I was just getting ready to put on my sunning bikini, and want to be sure you had a good towel, and maybe I could help you dry those hard-to-reach places. I figured we had a pretty good knowledge of each other's nude body's already so it would be OK for me to help out."
He said handing she took a big fluffy towel with her and started helping him dry off. He confessed he did not stop her, he was a little in shock and admitted he was enjoying her letting her bare breasts make contact with him. He knew it had to stop when she dried his privates and it caused him to start getting an erection. He said it was not until he felt his cock push against her, actually, it was her that pressed her body against it, that he came to his senses, things had gotten out of control. He then ended it, telling her it was just not appropriate, especially since they were alone. and sent her out the door.
This confession gave me more confidence in Eric, and now not much in her at all. I don't know if she would have gone all the way, but what she did was disturbing enough.
It was decided for me then, that it was time to address this new habit by being more specific. I brought my concerns up when she and I were alone. I just was honest, "Peg, we have to talk about the way you are acting around Eric. You are acting like a schoolgirl sometimes, a very slutty one at that. I saw you one of the times at the door with my shirt on, then shedding it when you saw Eric sitting there with me. I did not say anything, so I guess that is why you repeated your nude appearances. It could not be more obvious that you standing in front of us in nothing, then pretending it was to show your lack of tan lines when it was actually to display your pussy to him, and not your tan to both of us. Then the next time sitting and having a beer while nude with us, you don't even drink beer very often."
I decided not to mention her walking in on Eric, and the effort to get something started incident. I would have, but I did not want to make things awkward for Eric, as she would know he told me.
I continued, "So let's just admit it, and also get it out there that I know the two of you have some attraction to each other, it is a natural thing to happen when a male and female have become so close. I just want you to be honest with me, and tell me what kind of thrill were you seeking when you put one of your legs on the ottoman and spread them to show Eric what was a closeup of your pussy. I could see your pink and I was not as close as he was. You have known Eric for a long time, but this topless prancing around, and now the being nude for him thing is new. It is obvious that the attraction you have is growing."
"Well honey, if you are looking for honesty, I will give it to you. I want a thrill like the three of you had. I was fine with you getting naked for Sharon, and I even left and gave you my OK to let her suck your cock, I got only the thrill of watching in that exhibition. Then watching the thrill Eric and Sharon seemed to get from their exhibition, well, from fucking in front of us. The little bit of thrill, more like enlightenment was what I got watching. I admit Eric displaying his hard cock still wet with her juices made my desire grow. I want to be watched by Eric, you can't deny that was his way of showing he had the same lust for me. I want him so badly sexually I even tried to get something started once when you were not here, but he was the one that stopped it. I really don't think I would have stopped without at least blowing him. I cornered him when he got out of our shower, I want more of that thrill I was getting before for he put a stop to it."
"I guess I feel not cheated on, but cheated out of a thrill as you guys had. Sharon has made it worse by telling me about Eric's big cock like I have seen it as much as her, or that I have had him, and that got old real quick. I guess that is why I have been showing someone I do have strong sexual desires for more of me."
"What made me make that pass I made, came from when I stood there naked for him with my leg up and pussy in view, I got more than just a tingle down there. When I sat naked between the two of you and forced down that nasty beer I was so wet and turned on, I had to go and masturbate in the bedroom. I am getting wet again down there just thinking about all of this. If there is another thing that makes me want to have my thrill with Eric, I will admit that too. It was partly the result of something said during your command performance to Sharon. If you remember this is what I said when I pretended to walk in and catch you two breaking the phony rules on touching."
"You Drunk Horny Bastard! You know this means you are going to have to watch your naked wife masturbate as she sucks one of your friend's cock in front of you."
"Yes, it was Eric I had in mind when I said that, and I could not stop thinking about what it would be like ever since. You may not remember what you said to Sharon when she wanted to blow you, that you would like her to, but it was not allowed, then I gave you the OK. So if I ever do get a turn, I would like to at least blow Eric. I guess all this together has caused me to try to reveal my growing feelings for him by showing him my body. I now feel a lot of lust, and the jealousy I have because of Sharon and him seeing each other seems to feed it."
She finished it with, "I'm sorry honey, and will stop showing him so much, and stop trying to see more of him. But let me cut the exposure of my body down first, I don't want to make it look like it all stopped suddenly because you forbid me. I know that is not your intention, as that is not us, our relationship has never been one as possessive as that."
I had to reply, "I don't want you to feel that way, as far as being left out I mean. You trusted me with Sharon, and I have to trust you with Eric. I admit after you said that about you blowing one of my friends, it made me think of that friend being Eric. I pictured my beautiful naked wife with my best friend's friend's cock in her mouth, and at least for that moment the thought of it turned me on."
"You are justified in wanting a special experience, but this has all happened so fast, give me a little time to think about it. I want to be sure whatever it is you guys do it won't be over the top for me. I am sure we can set something up that is similar to the other two events we had, as a sexual exhibition."
All I got was a look of surprise, and maybe a little excitement from what I told her.
When I did start thinking more seriously about it, I realized the depth of the honesty of her statement told me that the lust she had for him was probably not going to go away easily. Masturbating as we watched was not going to do it. What happened with Eric when Sharon did that for him proved that. Before we got together whenever I got a blow job from a woman, it just was foreplay, and usually led to us fucking. What I was going to set up for them had to be bigger than even oral sex. I had to face the fact that any sexual act would be tough for me to watch.
I also realized that if something did not happen with my knowledge and approval, sooner or later something could happen when both of them gave in to their feelings. I imagined them drinking sometimes when I am not there the oral sex I let them have might make both of them give in to their feelings and take things all way. That would be a cheat, there is no good scenario for a marriage after a cheat, even if you're not caught. The person that gets away with it has the guilt to carry pretty much forever.
At that point, I had committed myself to give her the opportunity to have an actual sex event with him. After a lot of thought, I decided to not restrict them, that way it won't come back to me that I had more freedom with my past, or that Eric and Sharon got to actually fuck in front of us. I guess I was proposing that they had not what I would call a fling, but a one-time, but yet sexually unrestricted romp. Give them a whole evening to let them take things where they naturally go, and hopefully, this whole thing will play itself out.
I was betting on the fact that this would be exciting, but taking away the forbidden fruit part of the action will help to keep their feelings from being mistaken for more than just lust. I figured let them decide themselves, in truth I guess it would be Peg that decides what she wants and is willing to do. It was a little dangerous doing this way, but my gut told me it was the way to go. This way I would be sending them a signal that I did trust them.
I was pretty sure she would go for it based on what I had already told her. So I just came out and asked both of them, but not together. I ask her first, I just told her that I would be OK with her and Eric having some fun while Sharon and I are the ones watching.
I made it clear to her that there would be no limitations to what they did that session. I just came out and said that made them fucking in front of us, not off the table. How far they go or how long they spent that way would be up to them alone. I told her my thoughts were that this experimentation will help satisfy this desire and it will have run its course, why push our luck and have someone get hurt? My wish would be to let things go back to the way they were.
I told Peg all this first, and her reply was, "Is this a trap, this could end up being way more than you did with her, I am both excited and afraid of how you might react. But let me tell you this, I don't have any desire for him as anything but a one-time lover. He is not husband material anyway, I have a feeling he will always be a pussy hound, and could never commit to any woman. But I hope you are not upset with me just plain wanting to fuck him. There, I was honest, so you be the same when you tell me if you think you could handle it?"
"Well, I told you I had a thought about it possibly turning me on, so I will just have to handle it, won't I? I love you both too much to let it hurt our friendship or our marriage. Strangely, I have to admit that it sounds a little exciting for me to see two people I love connect just this once. Both of us know Eric, and he is what you say as far as being a pussy hound. But I know he wants you, he seems to check you out more than he used to, so your flirting has been working. I am sure he will have the same reaction you did but will go with it."
I told her, "Having Sharon there still scares me, like she might harbor different ideas, but I would prefer she is present with me. We can then just call it part of our new kink of exhibitionism, her and I both watching you two fuck. If we do this, I am sure if we do this, you will have a plan for it that will blow all our minds, it will be more like a stage play. Sharon and I will be the ones left that are jealous, but that is fine I never forgave her completely for the torture she made me endure that started all this."
Once I finished, she could not hide her excitement, but she wanted two weeks to plan it. It made me feel better that she wanted it to be an event, and not just a fuck, that's my Peg!
I talked to Eric, and won't repeat myself and just say I proposed the same thing, and was just as honest with him about why, and got a similar answer.
"Can you ask me a tougher question dude?"
After a pause for him to think he said, Well my friend, if Peg was honest I will be too, I have this reoccurring dream. It is of you dying of old age and me finally getting to fuck your widow. Ironically you and I are the only ones that had aged in the dream, she looks just as young and beautiful as in the present."
"But I will just tell you flat out that I both love her as a friend, but also have been experiencing a tremendous amount of lust for her. I think you know that. You also have to know that I would not do anything to break up your marriage. So it is up to you, but how could l lie and say that I would not enjoy making love with her? The only thing that would stop me is if even one of the three of us thought it would threaten our relationship. I would say no to it then, and not chance that. So I think it should be made clear to all of us, that if anyone has a second thought, even if any kind of sex between her and I is already taking place, we need to stop it."
It was then official, it was on, and I had never seen Peg both so excited and nervous at the same time. I have to guess both of them are excited about having a night of sex, but nervous about it being in front of me of course. Me, well a little nervous, but also turned on when thinking about it. At the same time, I could see the light bulb above her head planning it out. The only thing I suggested to both her and Eric is to let Sharon think this was not much more than a strip show, Peg to Eric. She did not have to know I gave them such free rein, let her be surprised like she was when I did my show for her. This was not going to be like the other exhibitions we had done, this would be an epic event. She is a planner, everything would be laid out a week from Friday, and in detail!
Friday came, and I did not know what to expect after all the preparations Peg had made. She was waiting to greet Eric with a kiss of course, and not in that sexy of outfit, that which surprised me. I greeted Sharon, then got us all drinks, I went with Jagermeister shots, we all were going to need something strong for something this big.
We each had two or three shots right off the bat. I did not tell Sharon that this would be unrestricted, but with the buzz on she was holding my upper arm, and had her head on my shoulder like a teenager. This meant to me, she was excited about being with me to watch this. I am sure she was thinking it could end with her and I doing at least something sexual, but us actually fucking is not likely. Not to be outdone Peg was on Eric's lap, with both arms around his neck, nibbling on his neck not long after she downed the second shot.
After the third and final shot, she had her hand down his shorts, she just could not wait to get her hands on his cock. She was fucked up, but I was not surprised, even though she had been nervous the previous days. The excitement of what was going to happen, and the booze was giving her courage. I hoped Eric was ready, Peg has worn me out when she was this buzzed, and horny. I was glad she felt so unbridled with me watching, it is what I wanted for her.
She had the room laid out with our fuck blanket on the floor, I am sure she washed our cum out of it from the last use. She sent Eric to the guest room giving him specific instructions like she often does me.
She told him, "On the bed, you will find the garment you will be wearing. That is all you get to start with and don't be a dick. I have been warned by one of the girls in your stable, so no fucking socks!"
I have to agree, that would have justified calling him a dick.
I guess you can find about anything you want online these days, as Eric came out in red Baywatch swim trunks Peg got for him, logo and all. Like a woman, she went to change and kept us waiting for her entrance, we all had another shot of Jaeger as we waited for her debut, but she did not disappoint us. I have to say he looked pretty good, but not a David Hasselhoff in his prime.
She walked into the room, and we were all aghast by how stunning she was. I am honest in saying at that moment she was more beautiful, and sexier than any woman I had ever seen in my life. She was looking like a Victoria's Secret model, in a white string bikini. It was too brief for Sports Illustrated, with just enough white material to make it stand out from her tan skin, as it barely covered her nipples, and it was almost like it was tailored to just barely cover her pussy. Sometimes not showing it all is the sexiest, and this was one of them.
She was not even blushing when she strolled into the room like a model on a runway. Not that you would be able to tell a blush with the all-over tan. I can't find words to describe how hot she looked, she has always had a fabulous body. It had not been until lately that she realized it, and has found it easier to show it on a beach or at a pool, even nude to my friend. Now she was about to be naked and fuck her husband's best friend in front of him, and his girl, who is also our neighbor and my date for the night. I hoped I did not make a mistake by suggesting, well maybe even pushing things, but it was too late to back out. My dick was throbbing though, I guess that is not a sign of jealousy.
She was decked out as far as body jewelry, she had her belly button jewelry in, and I was sure the one she wears in her clit hood was in and was barely covered with that white triangle. I was not sure how I was going to feel when she lost that last piece of cloth to fuck my buddy, that was uncharted waters. All I know is that I sure was turned on by her entrance.
She did turn her head and wink at me, she did not need to as I already assumed the costume was for my enjoyment. She knew, and yes I confess, I was an avid Baywatch watcher in the 90s as an adolescent. I learned to jerk off watching it. I have to say, I was glad she chose to show more skin and be a bikini beach girl instead of a female lifeguard in a one-piece suit.
It was kind of hard seeing Eric's next action, walking over in his red Baywatch trunks showing serious wood intended for my wife, and picking her up. He was so delicate with the way he picked up my nearly naked wife like he was handling a priceless piece of art. He was l Looking down into her eyes and she was looking back as he carried her cradled in his arms the rest of the way to the blanket.
This was one time I was glad I had Sharon hanging on me like a teen that thought she was in love, it was a little scary but better than being alone. We made no rules for spectators other than suggesting the staying dressed one. I brought it up originally because it pretty much prohibits any serious lovemaking during the other's time. We were still dressed, but Sharon's hand was under my shorts and on my cock already. I felt like I was going to be in danger of cumming in them, I had not done that since I was a teen.
Peggy took charge as she does with me, she had Eric on his back, all 6' 2" of him. My petite Peg was nearly a foot shorter and was now straddling him, they both still had their suits on. She was so sexy, her nice round-tanned ass was totally exposed to Sharon and me, and the bikini bottoms only covered her pussy. Her barely covered breasts were his view, and she did not hesitate in grinding her pussy on his penis. She just let her big barely restrained breasts do the talking, as that bit of cloth did not restrain them, they were swinging back and forth. Just that vision lit a fire in both of them, and both of us as well.
She leaned over and kissed him and teased him by putting her still-covered breasts close to his mouth. She came back up from those very first kisses though with her breasts freed from her skimpy top. Eric was now in the game, and had reached around and pulled the strings on it. She had been teasing him with them in the previous weeks, but not with them in his face.
The kisses she was giving him were nothing like the pecks she had given him as a friend. They were lip locked, I have never seen that before, most of what I was seeing was a first for me to see involving the two of them. It continued to be, like seeing him cup her big bare breasts with his hands as he nibbled on each nipple, as she continued to grind her pussy into his groin. I won't lie and say that seeing them did not bother me. I had prepared myself for a hot suck and fuck session, this looked more like love. But I was just letting my mind get away from me.
Once he finished with her breasts, she scooted down his legs and helped him off with his trunks. His cock was standing at attention, I swear it was harder than when we watched him do Sharon. All of a sudden things got, even more, real for me, I was about to see my wife service a porno size cock, and it was on my best friend!
It was about then that Sharon realized that this was more than she was told. I tried to act surprised, and I was a little, but differently. I was more surprised at how comfortable they seemed as they made love in front of us.
Peg stood up and straddled him and with no more fanfare, reached and got the strings on her bikini. It was like she was playing an acting role when she asked him, "Are you ready for the Sex, Big Boy?" But was not expecting an answer, she just pulled her bottom strings revealing her bald, but tanned pussy to him. It was a close-up for him this time, I am familiar with that view, it is breathtaking from below, like a work of art. We got the profile of her now naked body, an awesome one at that. It was like a nude model's pose, her perfectly shaped large breasts, with her nipples hard and slightly pointed up. Her tiny waist connected to the nicest ass any man could ask for. Eric, well, I can't describe the look on his face, but his cock, still untouched showed his feelings.
I was in suspense about where she was going to aim her pussy first, she was so anxious to have his cock I thought she might get right to the fucking. When she started to lower herself, he knew what he wanted and he showed her. He reached up and held her thighs, signaling that he wanted her to rest that fabulous pussy of hers on his face. She came down to her knees with his support and suspended herself over his head so he could get started.
We could not see that very clearly, but I just had to, so we scooted down on the sofa. I could then see him licking her outer lips before penetrating them with his tongue. She was responding well, and that led to him tongue fucking her. I had another of what turned out to be several reality checks. It was as I realized my wife was sitting on my buddy's face, and he had his tongue deep inside her pussy, and was about to eat her out, and likely make her cum right in front of me.
Sharon could not hold it in and whispered, "This is more than I expected, how about you?"
I told her, "I did not know what to expect, I was not his fuck buddy you were."
Things were heating up quickly, she was loving his work and cooing almost immediately. I have never been in any type of orgy or group sex, so hearing all this so close that we could hear the slurping noises his tongue was making was a new experience. He seemed to be going at her clit with his tongue at a tremendous speed, I would have had my tongue cramp up trying that.
Maybe the many, "Oh Eric's," got to me a little, but a girl has to let a guy know he is hitting the right spots, and apparently he was.
When she got off, it was epic, it was a simple, "Fuck, Fuck, Fuck," as she stiffened up, and Eric had to get a better hold of her to keep her from tumbling off of him as her body continued to tremor. I have to say she was as flushed as I had ever seen her during oral. Once she recovered enough she added, "Oh Eric, no wonder you get so many women!"
At that point I think her pussy was so sensitive, she wanted him inside her, and right then. She moved her pussy down to the tower that was his hard cock, and had to lift to get his big knob against her opening. It was on, once his big knob was touching her swollen opening, she wasted no time taking it inside her.
She continued to coo as she rode the monster, but it was only a few minutes before she again was repeating, "Fuck, Fuck, Eric, first your tongue, now your cock!"
She was like a kid with a bunch of toys moving from one to another. After that short ride, she was ready to return the oral favor, to see how his cock felt in her mouth. Based on the intensity of the orgasms she already experienced I am sure she wanted more oral from him as she returned the oral favor. Peg seemed to know what this looked like to us, and was into the tease of the exhibition. She moved in order to lean over to take his cock in her mouth, as she lowered her pussy back to his mouth for more of his tongue. Sharon and I moved down the sofa a little to get a better side view, then we could see both actions going on at once.
She was not so quick pleasing, that is not her style, she started by just teasing his big cock with her tongue as he got back to work on her.
Eric wasted little time getting serious with her pussy again as Peg continued the blow job, now taking as much of his cock as she could in her mouth and sucking it. The side view we were getting was so fucking hot, as it showed them connected to each other's sex, and her world-class breast hanging down in the middle. She was now not just sucking, but even swallowing as much as she could in front of us. She was swallowing it over and over until she was able to take most of it, and I swear I could see it making a bulge in her neck, I at least imagined I could see the profile of his big knob in her throat.
She continued working on it, between sucking on his balls and eventually having to let go to cum again, "Oh Fuck, Fuck Yeah Eric, you took my breath away yet again. You're going to have to lay back on that if you want me to finish my job on you."
She dismounted after that third "O" and statement and was on the move again, her pussy and clit needed a break I guess. Now she moved down to approach his cock from below and gave us yet another view. It was of her ass in the air, and her pussy dripping her juices as she got back to work. I knew what she was doing, she was determined, and she was getting him ready to go off this time.
Sharon looked at me and then whispered in my ear. "I love this view, seeing her pussy like this, well, it is just perfect. You two guys are so lucky, it is just quivering, as it is dripping her juices. I sure wish she would let me at it right now, I would send her to the moon!"
He may have taken her breath away, but not her strength. She had his huge thighs pushed back and was doing prep, by going at his asshole with her tongue like he did her pussy. Then she managed to get both his big balls in her tiny mouth, as his cock was reaching up to her, and the back of it was pressing against her forehead, as his knob was covered by her hair that was hanging down.
Yes, his cock was truly longer than the space between her mouth full of his balls, and the top of her head!
He was making noise that of course I never heard another man make. She knew what they meant, so she finished him off by bobbing her head up and down on his knob so fast that he was now even speaking. "My God Peg, you're good, but beware, you are about to get a mouthful if you don't back off soon."
She didn't and he soon made what must have been his "Oh Face, and sounds as he shot what seemed like an endless barrage of cum ropes up and in her mouth. Now it was him repeating, "Oh Fuck, Fuck Yeah"
Causing her mouth to overflowing was something I have done many times, but would never have dreamed I would ever see my wife taking Eric's cum like this. I guess I can't call it disturbing, as I was so hard watching it that I was almost in pain. She was proud, and turned to look at us, opening her mouth slightly as my best buddy's cum dripped out the sides of her mouth, then she swallowed what she could. She did all this showing no nervousness at all, she was giving us a show, and I mean a show! But I guess that was the purpose of our being there. Sharon was then inspired enough to ignore the stay-dressed idea, and at least take my stiff throbbing cock out to keep her hands busy.
Peg was getting her breath and then praised his cock. "My God Eric, I knew you were big, Sharon described how it feels inside her pussy, but not her throat. Now, after that huge cum shot, I am looking forward to what should be a long fuck. I am having such a hard time believing this is all happening, and I hope Frank and Sharon are enjoying the beauty of it."
Well, it was safe to say we were, as she looked so sexy with her perfect nude body now next to his, she had a leg and arm over him as she kissed him some more like a lover does. She looked so small next to my very fit and naked friend.
She was serious about this lasting and knew a break was needed before she let him take her. She announced it and got up with his cum still dripping off her chin, as was her own juices from her pussy. Her whole body was still flushed, and enough it was showing through her tan. She was so sexy as she now was standing there ready to play the part of a sexy nude waitress taking our drink orders. Sharon let go of my cock to go to the kitchen with her, I could hear the two of them trying to whisper out there. I kind of wanted to know what she had to say but did not try to listen, I could tell Eric was trying to come up with something to say to me.
Eric was on his back on the floor when he asked me, "Man, you are so lucky to have her, she is wearing me out, are you sure you are still OK with all this? I am not going to lie and say it would not be difficult for me, but I am willing to come up with some type of excuse to stop it if you are not. I understand that actually seeing it, has to be much more difficult than imagining it."
I told him, "I am fine, you are right, but it's also hot to watch. I am glad you two are doing OK so far, I love you both, and I wanted this one-time thing to be special."
About then, the two girls were back, and Eric was sitting as Sharon gave him his drink and kissed him. Peg handed me mine, and crawled up and straddled my upper thigh pushing her wet pussy against it. She said something similar to Eric as far as being willing to stop, only after she said she would stop if I asked her to. She added. "Sex with Eric is new and special, but you are the one and only person on this Earth I can't live without."
It struck me as she looked me in the eyes and said that. I put one hand on her ass, the other around her back, and pulled her up for a kiss, it was a long lingering one with lots of tongue. Then I replied to her comment. I looked her in the eyes as I told her, "If I wasn't OK with it, would I kiss you like that after watching you take more than a mouthful of my friend's cum?"
I did not expect an answer, but she cracked me up with what she said, and loud enough for all of us to hear. "For what it is worth, that was the most cum I can ever remember taking, and you have much better-tasting cum than Eric. That boy must have had an onion sandwich before he came here."
We all got a good laugh after that, and we kissed again. I have to say it might have been the power of suggestion, but I thought I could taste a hint of onion too. It really helped to lighten things up, one of the purposes of this evening, is to enjoy some hot sex and have fun. I sent her back to him saying, "Now, don't hold back because I am here, go make me proud, take all of that big cock of his in that tight little pussy of yours. It will be nice to have someone I know, to know how lucky I am to have you as my regular partner."
I was serious at that point, I was into it, and wanted her to get a good fucking, and for Eric to enjoy her. They started from scratch with her getting him hard again. Sharon and I did not care if we violated any rules, we lost our clothes. I was then watching my wife suck a cock, as Sharon's breasts were pressed against me as she swallowed my cock, it was a new experience.
This time Peg let Eric take the lead, well, she just plain let him take her.
It was time for real sex! The fucking part that is, I could tell that neither could wait to connect with the other again.
We shifted to the other end of the sofa again to get a better angle to view this. Yes, I wasted no time getting my hands on Sharon's pussy and breasts as we watched. I was so turned on, I put two fingers in Sharon, she had been acting like a teen girl, so I was going to act like the horny teen boy I was starting to feel like with her. She reached back down and got another good grip on my hard cock like she had before, I think she would have tried for a blow job, but she wanted like me not to miss the next part, so she was just playing with my knob then. I think we were happy just doing that as we took in the show.
Peg was legs spread and up, displaying her pussy as she was impatiently waiting for Eric's cock she already had a sample of. He got to it, first lifting her legs making it easy for us to see him fuck her.
The next thing I saw was his knob press against her pink swollen opening, and I admit, a much longer and thicker shaft than mine as he made his entry. Once he was inside he paused to let her vagina adjust as she said, "Oh My God Eric, my little pussy loves that cock of yours inside it, now fuck me silly like you do all your many girls."
I realized that what she was saying to him was not much different than what she said to me during sex, I guess we all have our regular sex talk. He responded to her request by just teasing her a little at first, by only taking short strokes before going deep again, he was ready to speed up and give her what she asked for. My buddy was fucking her and for real now, not just the tease they had earlier. I may have been just as turned on as they were, well, Sharon and I were, I think it was good I was not alone, I would have felt more like a cuck. I guess in this case I was. But I reasoned that I had his girlfriend, so it was actually a swap!
Peggy could not help but start getting verbal and making statements between moans and gasps for air. "Oh, Eric, I can't believe we are actually doing this, I love Frank for granting us this opportunity."
The more of this I witnessed, the more I knew I was right about them lusting for each other. Who knows how long they have been living with, and fighting this desire? I only could hope that she is sincere about being my lifetime mate. But I have to accept that she loves him in some manner as well. I had to give them this opportunity to make love, it was the right thing to do. I just hoped I was reading their actions correctly as just good sex, and have to say was now wondering if he could keep up with this little minx of mine.
Again she was playing to us spectators, she had her one leg up high, and we were seeing the entirety of the strokes his big cock was making inside her and could see his balls distort as they were smacking her ass. He grabbed that leg and was getting even more serious with his fucking.
Peg has such a tight little belly and you could see it actually rise every time he went deep inside her. The locket hanging from her button was jingling like the knob of his cock was the cause.
"Oh Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, Eric, your cock is so deep in me it feels like it's up in my stomach. I don't think I could be your regular lover, because you just started fucking me seriously, and I already feel like I am about to cum, pass out, or maybe both this time."
She did then have some type of spasm that at least equaled what she got from the oral. This time I could see her eyes roll back like it does when she had a really good "O". He had to pull out while she came back from where ever she had gone in her head. She was back again to being so flushed it was showing through her tan again. She was speechless after this one, it was clear she was being well fucked, and he was not done with her, or her with him.
She was soon done with that position though, and she took the lead again. She was soon straddling him and lowering her pussy slowly on the whopper of a cock she was about to take back inside her again, this time in reversed cowgirl and pointed more our way. My Peg looked so tiny and sexy as her naked body, and bald pussy hovered over his groin, she slowly lowered her pussy until her pussy devoured his knob and most of his shaft again. She was back to giving us a sexy show by taking his cock in and out of her slowly at first, then speeding up to a rhythm that made her breasts in sync with her strokes.
The facial expressions she was making as rode him proved her pleasure was real, some I had seen before, but it is understandable that the ones she had when she took his cock down to his balls were new and real. Eric's knob had to be deeper in her than she has ever had a real cock, and maybe even a toy. The faster she rode him, resulted in the more she arched her back, along with more moans of pleasure and heavy breathing by both of them. This session was so hot it made me unable to keep my hands off of Sharon's breasts. I knew then that I was going to have to fuck somebody, and tonight it was going to have to be Sharon.
I never saw Peg take a cock till that night, it was always my cock I watched go in and out of her. That night I was seeing her taking one from all angles and making it look so smoking hot, that it was not too disturbing. I think Sharon might have even been a little jealous of the fucking Peg was getting, and maybe learning some moves from my girl. She squeezed my arm and made a statement she probably should not have. "My God, I wish he would fuck me like that with that big cock of his, fuck me like he really loves me. But I know I am just his cum dump, I want to be his lover, but I guess I don't mind being just his fuck buddy for now."
I could tell she regretted saying some of what she said to me, and added, "But maybe it just looks more intense since I am just watching, he is a great fuck. I hope you are willing to nail me if we get the chance. I remember the first time I saw you jerk for me, and then let me suck it. It was special, and I have wanted you inside me ever since that night."
Peg's statements were now getting to me a little. "Oh Eric, you are just so fucking big! I was afraid of it at first, but now my pussy feels so good hugging such a big member. Right now I feel like I don't want to ever stop fucking tonight. I am loving being able to now take it deeper inside me than I ever had a cock."
If that was not already too much to say in front of me she added. "Looking down at your fit body as we fuck, is like looking at a young Hasselhoff, maybe you should smack my ass to prove to me that this is not all just a dream."
I just hoped that it is the kind of love that can be quenched. If not this all might have been in vain, or worse than that and become a big mistake.
Sharon and I moved back to where we were earlier on the sofa. My petite Peggy was back to riding him cowgirl looking away from us. All I could see well was her pussy grasping Eric's cock like it did not want it to leave each time she was on an upward move I was afraid it was getting to be too much for me and decided to start giving more attention to my date for the night. We were ready to experience some pleasure as we watched them.
I tried to get into Sharon and trying to block any bad thoughts, and just enjoy seeing Peg get so much pleasure. There was much more to come and continued to enjoy just how erotic and joyous this was for me to see. Sharon had my cock in her mouth by then, and I did my best to stimulate her as we were entertained. I wished Peg could see us right then, see my hard cock standing up so tall as Sharon got serious with her oral. I guess it was natural for me to want some attention from Peg like what she had been getting from me.
She just could not get enough of his cock, and was making sure her clit was getting stimulation again, she must have been going for a record number of orgasms.
She soon had, and commented on another big "O", "Fuck Yeah that felt good, this big cock sure is so fun to ride, Sharon is so lucky to have a fuck buddy like you. But she is giving my man's cock a good sucking though. They will be fucking soon I am sure, and I am looking forward to watching that."
She changed position again, and just turned around our way. She did it just in time as I could not hold my first cumshot anymore, and it shot into Sharon's mouth. She was now the one with cum running from the sides of her mouth.
Peg watched all that, and as I recovered and focused on her again, I watched as his cock went in and out right below her cute little button of a butt hole. Watching how much they were enjoying each other made me think that if this is not enough for her, we may have to consider a threesome with him someday so she can get another fix without a cheat.
I think at least a little of her performance with him was to make me jealous. But I reminded myself trying to make someone jealous can be to see how much they love you.
Soon it was time for him to take over and do more of the work again, and Peg moved off, and back into the position, she was in when he was eating her out. She pulled back her legs to prepare for his entrance this time. She had her legs open and we could see her swollen pussy pretty clearly, it had been well fucked but she wanted more. I could tell what she was going for and I tossed Eric a couple of throw pillows, and she directed him to put the under her lower back. She was daring, as I had hit bottom fucking her that way before. Now her pussy was sticking up enough that she could be more comfortable, she wanted pile driven. I think she wanted to prove to him she could handle anything he could give her, and this way she could look up at Eric as he did.
We could see great, we could even see more when he pushed her legs up with his shoulders putting her ass in the air. Then she wrapped her legs around his boy butt the best she could as he put the huge head of his cock up to her entrance again. Even though he had already been in her twice, this was going to be straight down and he would be able to go deep. Once he breached her opening he started slowly and worked his way up to a modest speed. It was not long until you could see her gripping him even hard with her legs as she let out a few, "Oh My Gods," and "Oh Eric's." Once he got to speed we could see her cute little clenched fists gripping the blanket. None of the porn videos I had ever seen like this ever came even close to the erotic value of what we were witnessing.
Sharon and I had to pause our action again, it was just as hot to watch him pounding her pussy like that, they both were waxed clean, and on every stroke, you could see his balls moving up and down in his sack then compressing as they pressed against her.
Eventually, he was pounding her pussy so hard I was afraid considering the size of it that it might be too much. I guess not though, as she seemed to be loving every bit of it. I hate to keep bringing up his size, but his cock is so long he had to get up on his loins just to be able to come down straight into her hole. With each stroke, he would pull it almost all the way out, and then push it balls deep in her again. I guess I would be lying if I said I did not experience a bit of envy of his endowment, and the joy he was able to give my wife with it.
They both looked like they had reached peak pleasure levels at this point. Peg was almost screaming, "Oh Eric, My Sweet Eric, I feel so tiny under you, but I showed you I can take all of your cock, so keep pounding me! My God, I love the way it feels deep inside me as your balls smack my big ass."
She was almost out of her head with joy, as she came yet again. He did not stop this time, he was still going all out. I could see on his face he was giving her all he had, and was pumping her madly to get another "O" of his own. I understood as a man, sometimes you just can't wait any longer to get off. He was close to cumming, and he did not get a chance to question her on a delivery preference. He just started cumming before saying, "Oh Fuck Peg, Sorry, but I just have to cum inside you."
He let loose then, we could tell because his shaft turned white with his and her cum, and the excess was running down to her butt crack or dripping off of his balls.
"Oh God, I hope it was OK with both of you, it feels so good to be inside you as I shoot my load."
"It is more than OK with me, I would not want to fuck you just this once and not get at least one creampie from you."
He finished, pulled out, and said, "I loved doing that with you so much. I just don't want to stop fucking you. I want to use all the time Frank gives us, but I need at least a break. But I want you to know, I am not done until you are, or Frank throws in the towel for us. The way I feel right now, and since this is a one-time thing, I would like to fuck you until one of us passes out."
Her legs had been wrapped around his ass tightly, and she started to let loose of him as they gave each other tender kisses as he dismounted her.
Once he rolled off, there was no waiting to see the pie he gave her, she opened up her legs for us all to see her pussy, she did not even have to push his cum out. Being fucked by my buddy's huge cock for so long and hard caused her pussy to spasm, and push it out forming a huge creampie on its own. It was beautiful, by far the biggest one I had ever seen that my buddy had created and left on my wife's pussy. We all were in awe, seeing it on such a beautiful pussy, it was a moment for all of us. I can't say I was not a little jealous but was glad I did not let it interfere with me seeing my girl and friend do something that beautiful.
Eric then moved to lean back against an armed chair on the edge of the blanket but not to be alone, but to rest from such an intense fuck. His naked body was covered in sweat as he, a pretty fit guy was still getting his breath, his cum coated cock finally starting to deflate. Then her offered his arms to my naked wife who he had fucked so long and hard, she could barely crawl to get back into his arms.
She was kissing him, as he held her, cuddling her in his arms. I thought they should have that moment, and Sharon and I went for drinks this time. We all sat and enjoyed them and the break. Even though that look of love the two of them had was getting kind of scary to me, I held to the plan to let them decide how far and long this went.
I was called on my sex with Sharon by Peg, "Well I see you two have broken the rules, and don't think you have not been seen not just your hands on my husband's cock, but your mouth too. We saw you do everything but fuck so you two can feel free to be our entertainment while we rest as I am not ready to quit, I plan on fucking Eric until he does.
"Fuck her Frank, you owe her, and to be honest, I have a feeling this pussy is going to need a day of rest before it can host my true love's cock again."
"She was right, we needed some relief and were glad she mentioned it, so I grabbed Sharon and pulled her down on the blanket, and now we were fucking right in front of them. It was not like what we watched, it was just sex for us for me I was just a guy with a hard cock, and she was a horny woman that needed one inside her. I fucked her long and hard enough to get off, then went for and dumped my load inside her, and then it was us sitting back getting our breath.
They had been resting, but as I looked at the way they continued to gaze into each other's eyes in almost a trance, it was clear that they did not want to stop. It had been a while since I saw that much love for even me in her eyes. It would be foolish to think that all that passion they had built up for each other over years could be cured by just an hour or so of lovemaking. I did not want to leave them wanting more by being the one to end it.
I proposed a plan for the rest of the night, and the motion passed unanimously. Eric and Peg were to retire and finish the night in the master. Sharon and I were to head to the guest room where I intended to drop another load in the requested area or orifice she chose. I did owe her more than that quick fuck I had given her, after all the teasing I had done, and judging by the hold she maintained on me, she was more than up to it. Peg was happy, Sharon was happy, and both of them jumped on me and hugged me at once before we went our separate ways.
I was so overwhelmed by the feelings I had after what I had watched, but I didn't cheat her by stopping it. I blocked out what was happening in the other room. We had a full session of oral, then fucked every way each of us knew how to fuck. After my second, well I guess third cumshot in the early hours of Saturday morning, it was she that finally threw in the towel. I am sure I could not have gone through with watching Eric fuck my Peggy, without having Sharon to fuck as well. I could still hear my dear Peggy getting fucked in the master, she was still enjoying his cock. I guess if it was me knowing it might be my only time fucking her, I would not want to stop either.
It was a night to remember for sure, I am sure it will take some time to process. It was however a fantastic next morning. Eric and I woke up to the smell of bacon. We headed to the kitchen to find hot coffee, and a full breakfast served by two hot ladies in nothing but aprons.
Peg was back to being my number one girl, Eric walked Sharon home after breakfast. But his car stayed parked outside the whole day and into the night, so maybe I don't have to worry about Sharon hanging on me so much, or Eric and Peg having so much lust for each other.
Only time would tell!