Cin exhaled a long suffering sigh. It seemed his humiliation would know no bounds. As if being paraded around the crowded hall wearing nothing but a loin cloth that revealed more than it covered, in a room full of leering females, wasn't enough; now he, along with the other captured males, were being chained to the walls and ceremoniously put on display like a pieces of art.
Their arms were shackled taught above their head so they almost stood on tiptoes; legs chained obscenely wide. And since all had been given a healthy dose of Dragons Blood before entering the room cocks of all shapes and sizes stood at attention, ludely jutting out, some with pearly drops of pre-come threatening to spill.
Cin absently tugged at the infernal chains- nope, not gonna happen. Immediately deciding that trying to pull them out of the wall would be a very bad idea. He'd probably pop his arm out of the socket trying and keeping all his body parts intact would be a good thing especially if he wanted to make a break for it.
Miserably, he soaked in his surroundings. The spacious hall had vaulted ceilings and highly polished wood floors. Rich tapestries, depicting erotic scenes, hung from bare stone walls, a hearth tall enough for a man to stand up in had a low fire burning and torches lit the room giving it a soft eerie glow.
A dais, obviously designed for royalty, over looked mahogany tables that were covered with dazzling white lines accented in the Princess's signature color, dark purple; loaded with food and drink. The tables were set up in a U-shape, with overstuffed crushed velvet cushions and pillows strewn about the middle, facing a play area.
The play area had several males, none of whom he recognized, which was probably a good thing, bound to various apparatuses. The females were laughing in delight at the misery of one poor bastard in a pillory. They randomly tormented him by cruelly twisting his nipples; pinching the raised red welts on his ass and making him kiss the leather tip of the crop before raining blows on him.
Most notably, heavily armed guards stood discreetly in the shadows keeping a tight watch on all the going-on; quick to react if any of the "guests" of Castle Peitho grew rebellious.
Cinhadto do something to take his mind of his current situation. The rogue in him demanded it. And who was he to deny his nature? It wasn't like he had anything better to do anyway. Taunting the princess was officially his new favorite pastime.
He watched Fia's cheeks pinken, eyes blaze with malice and her fists curl in tight little balls. She was so bent-out-of-shape that she was practically levitating. Cin had to bite his lip to keep from laughing at her- all that animosity because he winked at her. She really needed to learn how to relax.
With a menacing glare Fia spun on her heel and fisted Cin's throat; dug in her fingers and squeezed hard enough to prove her point. Though his face was turning red from lack of O2 he still narrowed his golden gaze on her and smirked as if to sayIt was alllllll worth it, sweetheart.
Fia loosed her grip and studied him for an uncomfortable amount of time. There was a fine line between being outstandingly brave and monumentally stupid and she couldn't tell which he was. Then again, it's uncanny how much they parallel.
"Do not fuck with me, Cin. You won't win."
He thrashed his upper body, "A little female like you shouldn't be playing with a male like me. I don't lose," he hissed.
Duly noted.Fia had had her fill of craven males; this male was anything but gutless. Not only did he have an iron will that would be a welcome challenge to break but had a sexy arrogance to back it up. And as much as she wanted to wipe that damn smirk off his face she admired the fact that he still had the balls to antagonize her. And wasn't that sexy as hell.
"Know this, Cin- I know what you are and how to contain you."
"And just who do you believe I am?" he quirked.
"You're from the legendary Order of the Gold Dragons-shape shifters; the fiercest of your kind. Your eyes gave you way; your pupils elongate with your emotions. "
He didn't deny it.
She nodded at the gold star tattoos on his pecs,"The stars are your dragon colors; and the half sleeve is your lineage." Damn those stars on his pecs were sexy; she wanted to trace them with her tongue. "And those nipple rings- a rite of passage when a male reaches his maturity."
No response.
"You need to understand something," she shook her head, "You're not going to escape from here; I won't allow it. As long as you wear my Amethyst bands any majickal powers you have are stifled. And besides, you're quite pretty. I rather enjoy looking at you. "
"Release me, Fia, or so help me-" Another hollow attempt at powering out of the chains left his wrists bloody and bruised.
"What exactly do you plan do to? Bleed on me?" she goaded.
A low growling sound rumbled out of his chest and she swore she saw a whiff of smoke curl out one of his nostrils.
She shook her head callously. "Let's make a deal. You tell me how to find The City in the Mist and I'll let you go."
"Damn, female, you ask too much of me." He scoffed. He'd rather die one thousands deaths than tell her how to find to his home. "Why do you want to go there?"
"I'm looking for Pandora's Box."
"Pandora's Box?" he mocked. "How can I help you find something that doesn't exist? It's amyth."
"All myths start from somewhere; some kernel of truth that's been twisted over the years. Pandora's Box is no different." She said in all earnest.
"I can't help you, Princess." As General of the Army of Gold Dragons he was well aware of the ridged rules regarding outsiders being allowed within city walls and had, in fact, enforced those rules on more than one occasion.
"Can't or won't?"
"Both."
His answer came as no surprise. Gold Dragons were notoriously fierce warriors that vehemently protected their lands and kin with legendary savagery. Bringing an outside to the hidden city without permission was forbidden and had severe consequences: Death to the offender. The outsider, if they were lucky, would be allowed to live within the city walls but would never be granted permission to leave.
And their conquests hadn't only applied to land. Rumors of their sexual prowess had been just as abundant; unabashed lovers that could quell even the most demanding of appetites.
"So be it." Shrugging elegantly, Fia drew back and let the tip of her nose float along his jaw line; her breath feathering over his overly sensitive skin. Chills erupted down Cin's spine when her mouth made contact with his. It was a possessive kiss, hungry and demanding.
His hips jerked in surprised when she fisted his cock; his back bowing from the wall. Helpless to stop her, she pumped her hand up and down the steely length spreading the moisture that had accumulated.
Cin's nostrils flared- had the smell of Sandalwood and Cocoa just get stronger?
"Fucking tease-" He inhaled deeply and shivered. Squeezing his eyes closed he struggled for control, the dragon in him screaming to be let out. Images of things he wanted to do to her flashed in his head.Pin her hands above her head. Mark her. Claim her. Mate with her-The thought of impregnating her made his shaft harden even more. Wring her pretty little neck.
This female was unlike any other he had been with. She was totally vexing and sexy as hell; and it was messing with his head. He hated her; hated the fact that she had been torturing him with Dragons Blood; hated the fact that he was attracted to her. And most of all he hated that he was actually enjoying the power play between them. Yeah, ok... stop that thought riiiight there. He really was all kinds of stupid. Throw in a couple of dumb-asses and that would just about cover it.
His status at home allowed him the luxury of having females aplenty throwing themselves at his feet. Why couldn't he be satisfied with one of those elite females to settle down with and have a slew of sons with? One who wouldn't challenge him at every turn and try to kick his ass?
Nooo. He wanted a female who could stand toe to toe with him and call him out on his bullshit; looking him in the eyes as she did. A female who could get as good as she gave- he wanted the female in front of him and it pissed him off to no end.
Her voice cut through his tangled thoughts, he supposed he should probably be paying attention to what she was saying.
" -would you prefer to be that male over there?" Fia motioned towards a corner.
Three guards were pounding the shit out of a male who; apparently, decided he didn't want to be an adornment anymore. Cin couldn't really blame the guy. He could think of a million things that would be better than hanging like a piece of meat.
Realization dawned on him slowly.
It was his second in command and best friend, Sebastian, getting tenderized. Great. Just. Fucking. Wonderful.
The fighter wouldn't even be in this circumstance if it hadn't been for Cin. The situation started when two soldiers, on a routine patrol, had gone missing. Search and rescue parties had been dispatched but came back empty-handed. No footprints. No belongings. No residue of any majick- Nada.
With no other options available Cin made the decision to breach the borders of Castle Peitho. Their objective was simple but one he hadn't relished: Lure a female to a waiting ambush, take her back to camp and coax any information she might have about the missing males out of her.
Cin took no pleasure in forcing a female's hand. Not until now, anyway. Now all he wanted to do was force Fia's hand- preferably to his cock.
Sebastian had been schlepping it with Cin in that last ditch effort. The fighter's directive was reconnaissance, get the Intel of a female's whereabouts, transmit the information to Cin, and get the fuck out of there. If something went wrong, and Cin was captured, his second was supposed to swoop in, play hero and bail his ass out with calculated precision.
The undertaking fell apart when Fia attacked before he could lead her back to the predetermined check point with Sebastian and the waiting squad. That's also when all hell broke loose. He smiled to himself; yep, he was still feeling the effects of that beat down.
He should have known his best friend would never just hang back and watch as he was taken captive. Sebastian was his brother in arms and would lay his life down to protect Cin and Cin would do the same.
He was going to thoroughly throttle the bastard when they got home. Damn his best friend for having his best intentions at heart.
It gutted him, but Cin had to keep a disinterested look plastered on his face as he watched his friend be abused. Cin didn't want to give any indication that he was in any way associated with Sebastian, let alone leading a squad of males.
The last thing he wanted was for any male to be used as leverage against him. Gods only knew what these females would do to find out information on how to breach the mist that guarded his beloved home.
"I don't like you, dragon."Liar."You piss me off."
Cin met her eyes with his own unnerving gaze, "I don't like you much either but I am still going fuck you. In fact, you'll be begging me to. "
Fia walked away, but not before she narrowed her eyes diabolically and bulldozed his head into the wall with a sickening crack.
He was positive he was never going to get rid of ache in his head or his cock.
*************** ***************
Cin had lost track of how long it had been since the last captive had been taken from the wall. His arms ached from being stretched over his head, his cock was throbbing and ribs still sore from the beat- down Fia had given him earlier.
How the hell was he supposed to "earn his keep" if he was still chained to the wall? Unless his job was to just look pretty as he hung there. If that was the case- well then- he was doing a damn good job of it... might even ask for a raise.
As he brooded on how much longer he would be an adornment two young females, no more than nineteen, watched him tug at the chains, giggling and whispering to each other. It was good to know that he was still a topic of interest.
He smiled invitingly at them hoping to entice them to his side. As his luck would have it they just covered their mouths and kept giggling, shying away. Cin rolled his eyes. Of course they would walk away. Why would he think his luck would change now? What a shame, the little red head was cute too.
Shifting in his bonds, Cin tore his gaze away from the pretty red head and refocused on the princess, looking for a weakness. He couldn't find any. Not because he wasn't looking hard enough but because the salacious site of her nipples straining against the sheer material of her dress, was distracting him. Why couldn't he be an ass male or a leg male? Hell, even into a female's elbow or nose. The idea of burying his face in those massive globes and falling asleep in all that glorious pillow-y softness appealed to him more that it should've.
Sleep... what a novel idea that was. Excluding when he was knocked out, he couldn't remember the last time he'd actually slept. Sleep was overrated, anyway. He needed to be cognizant to get a better understanding of the layout of the castle and the timing of the guards; listening to gossip couldn't hurt either. Just because he was strung up didn't mean he was deaf; as many of the females seemed to have forgotten. He'd already gotten more tid-bits on palace fodder than he expected and, apparently, shit was about to get real.
He was going to have to come up with one hell of an escape plan to make it out in one piece; one that most definitely included Fia. Come hell or high water that little imp was going to take a little walkabout with him whether she wanted to or not. Then she'd be the one hanging on his banquet hall.
Now that sounded like a solid plan: Her spread naked and withering in need from Dragon's Blood; her scent filling the room as he teased her. The best part ... denying her her release. Fuck ya- revenge was going to be sweet.
He did note that Fia was deep in conversation with an attractive blond; they were both gesturing in his direction and seemed to be in a heated debate.
Cin's mood instantly brightened when he saw the blond saunter his way. Her hips were swaying as if they had something to say but her expression was grim. The cynical look in her eyes had him wondering what the conversation was all about. He supposed he'd find out soon enough.
"What do you think of our party?" She asked as she came up on him.
"Seems like an exciting place." He answered cautiously, not sure if this female was a test or toy. And after the Princess' latest ministrations he wasn't sure he could take anymore teasing. The Princess' tender loving care had him on the razors edge of losing what little control he had left. He was almost grateful that the magik infused bands were keeping him in check.
"You should be flattered... for some reason the princess still has an interest in you. Apparently she wanted to keep you on display for as long as possible."
"Oh? She likes me does she? Then why'd she send you?"
"I'm here to offer you some relief from you particular... situation. A peace offering if you will," she glanced at the jutting member between his legs. "The caveat is that will put on a resounding performance for the princess and her guests."
"What's your name?" he inquired.
"I'm Lilly, Castle Peitho's Military Advisor."
The corners of Cin's mouth curled up. "Sooo, major...?"
"Commander." She answered proudly.
"So, commander, are you the one responsible for the lack of military presence here tonight?"
Her eyebrows popped up. "I do not have the patience the princess has," she warned. "I'd love nothing more than to end you and end this game right now. But I serve my liege just like you will." She answered with utter confidence making it obvious she was only following orders.
"And I am not one to be trifled with either, commander. This is a dangerous game you play," he warned. His pupils elongated for a split second. Those eerie Amber eyes traveled down the column of her throat to her ample chest; lingering there in an open challenge.
His cock jumped and was all about the hi-how-are-ya when her hand made contact with the fleshy sacs dangling between his legs. She bounced them in her palm as if she were weighing them; apparently, satisfied with her findings because she nodded in approval.
He gritted his teeth so hard his jaw cracked; he could feel the dragon in him clawing its way to the surface. His body tingled as if thousands of ants were crawling under his skin. The feeling was not unfamiliar to him and it was usually his body's way of telling him that he better find release soon or things were going to get bloody. The need to fight, fuck and feed would eventually overwhelm him and any bit of rational thought he had left would fly right out of his head.
"I've never met a dragon before." She met his stare with one of her own. "If I had my way you'd be in medical right now and we'd be finding out what makes you tick. Is it true that a dragon can change the size of his member at will?" she asked meeting his challenge.
"Why don't you find out for yourself?" He ground out.
Lilly's fingers leisurely traveled upward, stopping only to linger on his pecs. The taught muscles in his arms and chest instantly relaxed when the clip holding the bands to the chains were released.
Cin looked menacingly down at her; his eyes blazed with heat and rebellion. She unconsciously took a step back. "You're not going anywhere, sweetheart."
He snatched Lilly by the biceps, pulling her so high against his chest that her toes barely grazed the ground. Easily quelling any escape she might have attempted.
Snarling, he impatiently dragged her to the floor and mounted himself over her. He sincerely hoped that she knew what she getting into to when she agreed to this assignment. The carnal need to mate was blinding and he would not be allowing her any quarter; ruining her so she would never find pleasure from any other male again.
Palming his cock he stroked the slick head along her seam until the blunt head found purchase, brutally finding its way in. A violent tremor gnawed up his spine as the straining vice like grip of her pussy clenched down on him. Letting out an evil laugh, he dug his fingers into her hip, almost to the point of bruising, while other hand cranked her hips off the floor by the ankle and tossed her legs over his shoulders.
There was too much need; too much sensation; too much of- everything. He didn't need to look in a mirror to know that his irises had narrowed into slim slits and his eyes were gleaming gold.
Sex juiced him up and hopefully this tryst would be enough to get him to the point where his majick would be strong enough to break the hold the Amethyst bands had on him. Already he could feel himself getting stronger with each snap of his hips, the glorious energy of his majick zapping through his veins.
And even if the abhorrent cuffs hadn't been hindering his majick he could have easily crushed the delicate bones in her ankles. But now...
Unrelenting, he picked up the pace, purposely growing longer and thicker in her, voraciously thrusting into her, seeking his own pleasure and leaving Lilly to find her own. Juices poured out of her as she found it, the slick glossiness coated his cock and dripped down her thighs. Her muscles, python tight, clenched down around him milking his cock, bringing him closer to his own orgasm.
Just...
A few...
More...
Thrusts...
**************** ******************
Plots, treason and deception; all things Fia had to deal with as a princess. Cin was great leverage; everyone seemed to want a piece of him, including the female Fia suspected was trying to assassinate her. Cin didn't know it yet but he was going to play an intricate part in her keeping her throne and bringing down a traitor.
With the complicated auctioning of slaves over Fia could now concentrate on the festivities going on around her and amuse herself with her new favorite toy.
The bass of Cin's voice reverberated off the walls as he roared out his frustration.
He belligerently rose to meet Fia, his thick erection was sex slick and glossy, ricocheting up and down as he stalked towards her. He stood toe to toe with her, glaring down at her with menacing eyes, fists clenching and unclenching at his sides, pupils flashing oblong and back, as if they couldn't make up their minds. His big body so bow string tight that Fia could feel the anger rolling off him.
"You are making a habit of doing that little princess. You. Will. Regret it." He hissed. The princess had, once again, stifled his release and he was getting pretty damned tired of it. He actually felt his seed welling inside and ready to spray when she had deliberately hauled him off Lilly.
"So sure of yourself, are we?"
"Abso-fucking-lutely."
"Have care, Cin," she warned. "I am still the princess of this realm."
Cin gave her a hard stare, his eyes dancing dangerously, and a tick worked in his jaw. Reluctantly, he sketched an elegant bow and dropped to his knee. "Forgive me for my insolence," the words burned like acid in this throat. "Is this what you are after little princess?"
It was the one and only time he'd ever been on his knees in supplication and vowed he would never kneel again.
He sized up the elegant hand stretched out before him and raised an eyebrow.Really?At least he could use this opportunity to his advantage and finally get some leverage over her.
Reluctantly he placed a chaste kiss on the heavy onyx ring she wore on her ring finger before nimbly turning her hand over placing a kiss on the inside of her wrist.
Shivers went through Fia as Cin's teeth nipped and sucked each finger before staggering baby kisses to her elbow. She was so distracted by his whiskered cheek tickling the sensitive flesh of her inner arm that she hadn't noticed he'd sucked the potion ring off her finger and slipped the pilfered ring under his waist band.
She eyed him with appreciation. "I see that you can learn to heel," the fingers on her other hand curled into the silky hair at the nape of his neck.
Looking up from his knees he plucked the shoulders of the dress down, freeing her breasts from the confining material; his mouth watering to kiss them. "I can your highness."
"They tempt you, don't they?" She quirked an eyebrow, "Were you thinking about them while you were hanging so prettily on my wall?"
A nip to the underside of her breasts, "Were you thinking of what's between my legs while I was hanging there?"
She tisked. "Deflection, Cin? It doesn't become you."
"Is that so?" His hot breath feathered over her protruding nipple, watching in fascination as it crinkled tighter.
"You will come to heel again."Do I really want him to?
She shamelessly dragged her shin against the twin sacs that undulated between his legs.
"Will I?"
Had his voice just dropped an octave? "Without a doubt," Making sure no one would be able to hear the exchanged she whispered in his ear, "And yes, I did think about what it would feel like to have your cock in me."
"Why don't we find out now, princess? "He asked thumbing her nipple, his hips twisting on her shin.
"Think you're up for it, dragon? You've had so much Dragon's Blood I'll be very disappointed if this is over before it begins."
Snatching her hand he guided it to his shaft, holding it steadfast when she tried to pull away. His frenzied gold eyes met her stormy grey ones. The look he gave her was so raw and primal that it gave her pause. Had she finally pushed him too far?
"Feel how ready I am for you. In fact you might not want me to be so primed your first time." He warned.
Embracing his cock she gave it a light squeeze feeling no give to the substantial piece of flesh. "Mine." Fia whispered.
One glossy eyebrow arched up, "Are you sure about that, Princess?"
"Yes."
"Then rideyourmale, Princess, I know you're hungry." he breathed, expanding his brawny arms out to the side giving her cart blanch to explore.
Pushing him to his back, his velvety harness nudged her thighs as she crawled up his body and straddled his hips, wantonly rubbing the seam of her pussy on his cock.
Fia's unique scent hit Cin like a jackhammer. His oversensitive olfactory worked double time; the heady combination of her sex and unique pheromones practically made him dizzy. He groaned, voluntarily tilting his head giving her better access to his neck when she dove in; sucking until a soft purple marked him as hers.
He growled low in his throat and bit down on those thoroughly chewable erect nipples of hers; spending several minutes exploring the contrast between the smooth eraser like texture of the nipple and the tight ridges of the aureole.
He stretched her nipples out with his teeth until she pulled so hard on his hair that he swore she had just torn some hair out. Easing up, he swirled his tongue around the tight nub, taking away the sting.
Claiming what was rightfully hers, Fia hungrily pulled Cin's head tight to her mouth; into a kiss that was so hot and demanding that it seared Cin to the core of his being. Cin bit down on her lip, forcing her mouth open; his invading tongue pillaging her mouth.
Cin cupped her jaw and his thumb delicately moved over it, his breathe light on her cheek and his fingertips lightly brushing down the long column of her throat, scorching her hypersensitive skin.
"Touch yourself, Princess. Show your male how you like to be touched."
Dipping her head slightly, Fia slid her hand down her concave stomach and inserted her finger into the sticky wet folds rubbing the swollen nub in small circles and rocking on her hand; mewling softly.
Cin watched, with a casual interest he didn't feel, as liquid drizzled onto to her fingers making them glossy. "Good girl."
Feeling her erratic heartbeat his big hand paused for half a breath when it moved over her sternum.Game on.Sitting up he wrapped one steely arm around her waist and slowly maneuvered her to her back; the sheer size of his muscled thighs made her spread her legs obscenely wide to accommodate him. Once in the cradle of her thighs he laced his fingers with hers and stretched her arms above her head.
She looked ravishing with all that luxurious velvety skin spread out under him; just right for his taking. And in any other circumstance he would not have hesitated to spend hours locked in that cradle feasting on all that glorious skin with tongue and teeth. It almost made him regret what he was going to have to do next. Almost.
Fia froze as she looked into the face of an unleashed predator: Cin's expression was cold and stony; eyes blazing and savage, pupils that were so thin that only a slight line of black in the middle kept them from being totally Amber; power radiating off him in menacing waves.
With aberrant speed he dispatched the mechanism in her armband and released the hidden palm sized dagger from its holster. The deadly blade flashed in the light a heartbeat before cold steel met the warm flesh of her neck. "I can play dirty too, princess. Play time is over."
Abruptly Cin fisted her hair, yanked her head back and kissed her crudely. "You wanted me to put on a good show and I have." With his mouth close to her ear he growled, "Now release me."
Was that male out of his ever-loving-mind? Maybe all the Dragon's Blood had finally got to him. He couldn't honestly believe that she would voluntarily release him. Even if she wanted to she couldn't. His antics had drawn the attention of most of the party-goers and they were clamoring to catch a glimpse of the male chastening their princess.
Her leadership abilities were already in question and letting that male go now would be a sign of weakness. As it were, she was not sure she would be able to censure the humiliation that he had already caused her. Losing control to a male, no way. Losing control of a male that she had openly claimed as hers... Inexcusable.
"Now, princess- don't make me hurt you." he commanded impatiently; shifting the lethal blade a hairsbreadth from her skin.
Fearlessly she locked eyes with his and leaned into the point of the blade. A bead of blood welled up at the tip. "You know I can't do that."
Stupid female! Don't force my hand."Then let the male who just got pummeled go free. He's in need of medical attention." Cin insisted.
If Cin wouldn't be release he might as well barter for Sebastian's freedom. Cin knew his chances to be rescued would be doubled if he could get his friend free; and just might save the fighters life too.
At last glance Sebastian's bloody and bruised body had been hanging limply against the wall. A guard had pried open his mouth and poured, what Cin only could assume was Dragon's Blood down his throat. His cock had grown stiff, and despite whatever pain he was in he was rocking his hips as if looking for relief. The chains seemed to be the only thing keeping him from sliding down the wall and into the pool of blood that had accumulated at his feet.
"We have adequate medical help here, he'll live. Do you really think you can escape here?" she asked earnestly, "Look around; those guards are ready to take your head off. You're a smart male. Do you honestly think they'd let you escape after you've threaten and humiliated their princess?"
He glanced around and realized sentinels had closed in on him with weapons at the ready.
He knew the odds were going to be slim when he decided to make his move but he had hoped that everyone would be so distracted by the goings-on that they wouldn't have even noticed him slipping out with Fia. The females had been moving males in and out of the hall and into private alcoves all night. Once again he had underestimated these females. It would not happen again.
"Don't be a pussy, Dragon," she growled, leaning into the blade more until a rivulet of blood rolled down her neck. "Either kill me or surrender the fucking blade."
Cin got eerily calm. His eyes had stopped dancing and his muscles relaxed just an infinitesimal amount.
Not a good sign. Not a good sign at all.
Cin howled out his chagrin and plunged the tip of the dagger in the wood precariously close to Fia's ear. The onyx handle laughing at him as it wagged back and forth.
Pissed-off, Cin raised his hands in surrender and snarled at her.
Tossing Lilly a don't-fucking-touch-me look he angrily shrugged off the death grip she had on his bicep. His Amber eyes burned into the Princess as he voluntarily put his arms behind his back and allowed the general to restrain him.
"That's twice you've walked away from me, Princess. There won't be a third!" he warned looking over his shoulder.