Note from the author: Rose is introduced in my story "I Like to Watch", Cliff in "And Then We Were Three", and Louise makes her appearance in "It All Started in the Hot Tub". You don't have to have read those stories to enjoy this one, but it does help to know that Rose is transgender, with enormous tits and a satisfying cock, that Cliff is a black actor with the largest cock I have ever seen, and that all four of us are pretty much bisexual.
Content warning: interracial, transgender, bi-sexual.
* * * *
The cruise was - of course - Rose's idea. Late one long lazy afternoon we were all sitting around my pool - Rose, myself, Cliff and Louise - drinking champagne and soaking up the sun, when Rose suddenly pushed back her chair, fixed each of us in turn with one of her most mischievous grins, and said:
"You know, I could get used to this. Let's all go somewhere where the champagne never runs out, somewhere exotic, where we can be waited on hand foot and finger, every hour of the day. Let's go on a CRUISE!"
Cliff smiled and said that he wished he could afford it.
Rose smiled and said that cost was not a factor - it would be her treat.
Louise said that she had far too much on at work to even contemplate being away, to which Rose rejoined that she hadn't had a break for well over a year, and that not only was it essential to her health it was probably by now a legal requirement.
In short, all protests were silenced, Rose made all the arrangements, and just a few months later we were setting out on the Caribbean Sea.
Rose had managed to get the four of us a huge suite with an interconnecting door, so that we could continue to come and go into each other's lives and into each other's beds at will.
We went our own ways during the day, sightseeing if we had stopped at an island, relaxing round the pool if not. We all developed a taste for the rum-based cocktails of the Caribbean, Mojitos for me and Louise, rum punch for Rose and endless Pina Coladas for Cliff.
At the close of each day, we would always get together for dinner in the ship's smartest restaurant, and then head back to our suite for the evening's entertainment.
And THAT we would provide for ourselves. Rose would open a bottle of bubbly from the fridge, Cliff would line up some porn for us all to watch on the suite's giant screen, and Louise and I would settle back into the giant cushions on the sofa or on the bed.
Talking while watching the porn was - by unspoken consent - discouraged, as was ANY touching, fondling or nudity. We watched, rapt, the cummings and goings on-screen, the couplings, the climaxes, the close-ups, and gradually our mouths would dry, our pulses would quicken, our breath get more ragged.
When the champagne bottle was empty, we would turn off the porn, put the bottle on its side on the coffee-table, and spin it.
Whoever the bottle pointed to would have to strip and put on a show for the others. No-one else could strip or join in until instructed to by the person the bottle had selected.
A born voyeur, I absolutely loved this game, as, of course, did the exhibitionist Rose. Cliff, being an actor, was also a great showman, and had some of the richest ideas for the foursomes that would evolve out of the one-person show.
But the big surprise for me was Louise.
Louise is slim, with long legs, slight hips and ripe breasts, topped by hazel ringlets and matching hazel eyes. She seems reserved but is actually quite intense - once you get to know her.
By the time the spun champagne bottle selected her for the solo starter spot, the game had evolved to include a second spin of the bottle, to select one of four accessories which the solo player had to use in their show: a double dildo, a vibrator, a butt-plug or a pair of manacles.
Louise spun the bottle - and got stuck with the manacles. They were pink, padded, and super-comfortable. But they were still manacles - and there really aren't a lot of moves you can make once your hands are manacled behind your back. You can't touch yourself; you can't touch anyone else.
There was a HUGE low coffee-table in our suite, arranged in front of an L-shaped sofa covered with plump grey cushions. We were all sat around on the sofa ready to watch the show, and all eagerly pulled Louise's clothes off her, until she stood butt-naked in front of us.
Cliff asked her to put her arms behind her back so that he could manacle her wrists. Cliff is a tall, well-built black guy with brown eyes and sensuous lips. He and Louise had been an item for some months. Louise obediently lay face-down on the big low coffee-table in front of us all and crossed her wrists behind her back. Cliff locked the manacles in place.
Louise lay inert, flat, her head on one side, with one cheek flush against the surface of the coffee-table. Then slowly, oh so slowly, she began to scrunch her knees up and raise her lovely pale butt into the air, spreading her legs as she did so. My heartbeat quickened to see her so vulnerable, her hands manacled behind her back, her head on its side.
Then, slowly, oh so very slowly, in time with a samba that only she could hear, she started to undulate her whole lower body, crouching her crotch down almost to the table-top, then arching her lower back to point her butt upwards, giving us all a view of her bushy cleft.
She began to emit soft needy moans as she performed, raising her butt higher with each iteration, thrusting her exposed pussy more and more into our faces.
Louise has long, tanned, athletic legs. Her back is similarly tanned, with a barely distinguishable bikini-top strap line. But her butt cheeks are creamy white, normally covered by her bikini panties.
I was mesmerized, and I felt my clit harden, and that familiar warm sensation start to spread from between my legs and move up to my hardening nipples.
The deep valley between Louises's pale butt -cheeks gave way to the deeper cleft below; if her butt was like a pale peach, then her pussy area was a fuzzy apricot. I longed to plunge my face between her upturned thighs and inhale her musk. To reach my tongue into that tantalizing cleft, find the nub of her clit, stroke her epicenter to climax.
I looked at Rose, then at Cliff.
They were both staring, fixated, at Louise's slowly undulating butt and at the deep fleshy cleft below it, parting ever so slightly more now as Louise opened her legs wider with each thrust. She was almost gurgling now, parading her need, gasping, panting...
It was the most erotic thing I had ever seen or heard.
When Louise spoke, her voice was thick with lust.
"I want Aurora to touch me", she rasped.
I so wanted to reach between her upturned butt-cheeks and massage her clit, to feel her writhe under my touch. But I decided to make her wait. I reached out my hand and softly ran the back of it along her right calf, then up the back of her knee, and - very softly - up her right thigh, stopping short of her pussy. She moaned, and hunkered down lower, arching her back, inviting me to go further.
Instead, I slowly trailed the back of my hand up her left calf, behind her knee and up the inside of her smooth, smooth left thigh, getting a tiny bit higher this time before suddenly stopping, returning my hand to her ankle and starting again.
"Oh fuck! Stop teasing", she begged, "Touch my clit, please, rub me..."
I wanted so much to do as she asked, but the devil in me had other ideas.
I pulled back my hand, and without warning, rained a hard smack down on her nearest buttock. She shrieked in surprise. My handprint bloomed in pink outline upon her upturned butt cheek.
She arched her back to thrust her butt higher. "Again!" she cried.
And so, I spanked her again, and again, and again. My own breath was ragged, as was hers.
"Ple-e-ease" she implored.
And so - finally - I reached out my hand and began to massage those swollen labia, that clenching clitoris. She was moist, her pearl aching for my touch.
As a girl, I know that one of the great advantages of being masturbated by another girl is that a girl knows exactly where to put her fingers, and exactly what to do with them.
So, I moistened the tips of my fingers in the depths of her cleft and then, with the lightest of touches, I drew tiny soft circles around the tip of her clit. I swear I could feel it swell under my touch, as I gently, and infinitely slowly, swirled my moist fingertip over its silky-smooth surface. It hardened yet more. I gradually increased speed. And then I slowed again, this time applying just a little bit more pressure. Then back to double speed but very soft. Then pushing it from side to side, really pushing with two fingers until I could feel that Louise was ready to explode.
My own vaginal muscles were clenching now, and I felt a surge of heat and moistness between my legs.
I could feel Rose's and Cliff's eyes upon us as I leaned down and eased a finger into Louise's open mouth, while the fingers of my other hand worked her cunt like an accordion.
Louise moved onto her side, sucking my finger like it was a skinny cock, and raised one leg straight toward the ceiling, stretching the other one flat on the table, her wrists still manacled behind her back.
Cliff grunted; Rose ran her tongue over her lips. I squatted on the floor next to Louise's tautly stretched naked body and started to massage her clit. Her pussy was sodden. I moved the fingers of my right hand in and out of her mouth as I used the fingers of my left to push her swollen clit from side to side. She came within minutes, a pink flush spreading up from her tits to her forehead, her climax rippling through her like a tsunami. Her gasps and cries as she came made my cunt clench.
I kept my fingers where they were and as soon as I felt Louise's breathing return almost to normal, I resumed playing with her engorged clit, and sticking my fingers deep into her throat. She shook her head, her saliva dripping from my hand.
"Stop" she said, "I'm finished, please... It's your turn. I want to watch you guys fuck."
The words were hardly out of her mouth before I felt two pairs of hands tugging at my tee-shirt, unzipping my jeans. In no time at all I was as naked as Louise, with Rose's tongue in my mouth and Cliff's fingers exploring my pussy. It turned me on, that Rose and Cliff were still both fully clothed while I was naked.
Rose was caressing my pert breasts, moving her hand softly and expertly over the rock-hard nipples in time with Cliff's hand moving softly over my swollen rock-hard clit. I was so excited, I had my first orgasm within minutes.
I turned to unbutton Rose's shirt. As those of you who have read my earlier stories will know, Rose has auburn hair, cut in a page-boy style, framing a sensuous face and topping a body which looks just like Gabbie Carter's, with huge soft tits, crowned with large pink areolae. Unlike Gabbie Carter, she also has an eight-inch cock swinging between her legs. Only it wasn't swinging right now. Right now, it was swollen hard and straining to be released from her satin harem pants. I could trace its outline quite clearly; there was even a small dark stain where precum was oozing from its tip.
We were still all sitting on the sofa, me in the middle, and Louise stretched out like a pasha on the huge coffee-table in front of us. I unbuttoned Rose's silk shirt, and she struggled to her feet to let me remove her pants. She wore no underwear, and her lovely hard rod was soon in my mouth, and I was tasting that salty precum I knew so well. As I swirled my tongue over the tip of Rose's cock, I reached out to try and extricate Cliff's engorged member from his chinos. He eagerly unzipped and shrugged his way out of them, to allow me to run my hand up and down the length of his slippery manhood.
Louise watched helplessly but greedily from the tabletop.
I gloried in the feeling of power that surged through me as I simultaneously sucked Rose off and masturbated Cliff. A born voyeur, I was enjoying being the exhibitionist for once.
And Louise was enjoying the show.
She moved from her sideways position, and struggled to her knees, to once more titillate Rose and Cliff with her upturned butt and glimpses of her glistening wet pussy, still red and engorged from its earlier workout.
Rose swiveled her head to better enjoy the view of that lovely cleft, as my tongue swirled over the helmet of her twitching cock. I pulled the length of it down into my mouth as far as I could, trying to calm my gag reflex as Rose reacted by thrusting her cock even further down my throat.
While she fucked my face, I locked eyes with Cliff. I added the saliva which was now dripping down my chin to his own precum to better lubricate my hand which was gliding up and down his massive shaft. I paused on each upswing to smear more of his slippery juices over its sensitive tip, squeezing the head as I did so.
Cliff drew a sharp intake of breath and closed his eyes in ecstasy, then broke our gaze to look over to Louise who was once more undulating her butt up and down, as if her achingly empty pussy was actually riding a satisfyingly hard cock.
Suddenly I felt Rose's body stiffen, ready to erupt. With a final deep thrust in and out of my mouth, she suddenly turned, dropped to her knees and - in one fluid movement - speared Louise doggy-fashion, burying her cock deep in her upturned cunt.
Louise's gasp of surprise mingled with Rose's shout of joyous triumph as she shot jet after jet of hot cum deep into Louise's pussy.
As soon as Rose withdrew and got to her feet, Cliff detached his glossy black cock from my hand and moved in behind Louise. Dropping to his feet, he too thrust his thick hard shaft as deep as it could go into Louise's upturned cunt and groaned as he released thick ropes of creamy cum into that glistening hole.
I got up from the sofa, and lay myself down backwards on the floor, my head underneath Louise's sticky love-canal, and gently licked her labia clean. I lay there while the hot cum oozed out of her, and I swallowed every last drop.
It took us all a while to recover. Cliff released Louise from the manacles. Rose and I struggled up onto the king-size bed, and Louise snuggled next to Cliff on the sofa.
Once we had regained our breath, I started idly fondling Rose's huge tits, and she reciprocated by squeezing my pert little nipples. We started to kiss, our tongues slowly circling in each other's mouths.
From the corner of my eye, I saw that Cliff was now lying in Louise's lap, fastening his mouth around one of her nipples. He was on his back, his huge cock lying flaccid on its side. But as I watched, and as Cliff got more and more into sucking Louise's nipples, his cock started to swell.
As those who have read some of my other stories will know, one of my all-time favorite things is to watch a penis defy gravity as it becomes engorged and hardens.
I watched Cliff's cock as I swirled my tongue around Rose's, and as Cliff swirled his tongue around Louise's nipple, I saw his huge glossy black rod stiffen slowly to attention. Louise reached a hand down to squeeze and pump it.
I motioned toward them with my eyes and Rose - ever intuitive - moved her mouth from mine and transferred it to my nipple, hunkering down into my lap. I looked down at her cock and was a little surprised to see how erect it already was. She pulled my hardening nipple into her mouth, squeezing it between her teeth, and I felt that familiar pull between my nipples and my cunt. I reached out a hand to massage her glorious boobs, before dropping it into her lap and around her stiff shaft.
Precum had already formed to lubricate the tip.
I started to jerk her off, wetting my palm with her precum, and squeezing my hand over the sensitive head of her lovely cock. She groaned with pleasure. Delighted though I always am to bring Rose to orgasm this way - and I LOVE seeing thick cum erupt in hot spurts from the end of her cock - at that moment I wanted that hard cock inside me.
"Fuck me from behind?" I murmured, gliding my hand down Rose's rod and starting to massage her balls.
Rose unfolded herself from my lap, and stood to the side of the bed, as I positioned myself on all fours in front of her, making sure that I had a good view of Louise and Cliff on the sofa.
My cunt was so slippery that Rose had no problem easing her granite-hard rod up into its fleshy folds. I love the feel of hot hard cock squeezing into me, filling me, pushing the walls of my pussy apart.
As Rose began her relentless thrusting in and out of my arched body, I looked over at Louise, whose hand was now moving smoothly up and down the length of Cliff's angry dark cock as he suckled her breasts.
But as I watched, I saw her gently detach Cliff's mouth from her left boob, and motion him to sit beside her. She immediately moved across him, easing his greasy shaft up into her slippery cunt. I had the perfect view of his impossibly thick cock entering her between her pale butt-cheeks.
Cliff's cock seemed in perfect time with Rose's as they each reamed in and out of our succulent pussies. I began to feel another sweet orgasm start to sweep through me and I was fascinated to see, from the way her body tensed, and her head jerked back, that Louise was approaching the same point, as she pulsed up and down Cliff's monster cock.
She leaned forward and put her arms around Cliff's head to draw him into a long kiss, still riding him like a cowgirl as her orgasm shuddered through her.
I felt Rose start to flag. This sometimes happened after she had already come once. Luckily, I knew the antidote. "Let me deep-throat you", I purred.
Rose slipped her cock out of my inflamed wet pussy, still throbbing from its recent orgasm, and I turned round and lay on my back, with my head hanging over the side of the bed. Rose stood behind me and pushed her hard cock down my throat. I have found that in this position, I can most easily keep my throat wide open and best calm my gag reflex.
Rose began to thrust in and out of my face, pushing her engorged cock further down my throat with each thrust. I spread my legs wide apart, hoping that Louise might see and be tempted to come over. We had all fucked in this configuration once before, and I was hoping that Cliff or Louise would see me and come over for a repeat session.
Happily, the ever-intuitive Rose read my mind, and called over to Louise:
"Hey, El, come here and eat Rory out!"
Rose loved to abbreviate our names: Aurora became "Rory", Louise became "El".
Cliff and Louise both turned to look at us, and quickly decoupled. Louise lay herself down on all fours between my legs and arched her lower back to show Cliff her bushy cleft. She had her tongue up my cunt within seconds, and I felt, rather than saw, Cliff's cock thrust up into her pussy from behind, doggy-fashion.
The pleasure I was giving Rose with my deep throat was mirrored by the pleasure I was taking from Louise's tongue, as she nibbled her way to my hardening clit, and rhythmically pulled it between her teeth and then pushed it out with her tongue.
I could feel Rose getting closer to her climax; her thrusts were speeding up. She put her hands on my tits and tweaked my erect nipples. Spreadeagled on the bed, I felt the electricity pulse from my clit to each nipple, an urgent triangle of anticipation. I was ready to head over the precipice into free-fall at any moment.
Louise's head was being rhythmically pushed against my groin by the urgency of Cliff's thrusting cock, which was swinging in and out of her like a piston.
I reached my hands up to fondle Rose's gorgeous tits as she pounded her cock in and out of my throat.
It was as if our animal passion had fused the four of us into a single entity, with a single central nervous system binding us all together, from the tip of Cliff's enormous cock, through Louise's clenching vagina, along her spine to the tip of her tongue, through my pearl-hard clit which she was still nibbling, up my spine to the back of my throat to the tip of Rose's thrusting shaft.
Saliva dribbled down my chin.
Louise's pussy was making rhythmic little squelching sounds as Cliff pounded her with his glossy dark cock. Louise was gurgling, her butt arching back toward Cliff's thrusts, her tongue keeping me in a state of near-continuous orgasmic bliss. My hands sought Rose's nipples as she swung her swollen cock in and out of my tipped-back throat. In and out, in and out. Relentless, relentless...
When Rose finally pulled out, her cum cascaded over my boobs and belly in hot spurts. And Rose - never one to hold back on self-expression - simply BELLOWED!
I was scooping up the blobs of cum and popping them into my mouth, watching Cliff and Louise move toward their inexorable climax. Rose joined me on the bed. Cliff had his hands on Louise's hips and was guiding her whole body up and down the length of his tremendous shaft. Louise was whimpering.
Cliff suddenly pulled out and told Louise to turn around and stick out her tongue.
He took his mighty cock in both hands and jerked himself off into Louise's open mouth, string after string of thick cream jetting out of the head of his thick hard cock, into her mouth and onto her chin and over her luscious tits.
Louise took a mouthful of cum and leaned over to pass it into my mouth. I swallowed it.
She scooped up some more from where it had spurted and drank it down.
"Tastes sweet", she said.
"You're right", I said, and popped some more of it onto my tongue. "Salty, but with a sweet nutty edge to it. What IS that taste?"
Then "Coconut" we both chorused together, "It's coconut!"
"Must be all those Pina Coladas" grinned Cliff.
* * * *
If you have enjoyed reading this story as much as I enjoyed writing it, then please scroll down and let me know, by giving it five stars! Thanks!!