It was bright and early the following Saturday morning when Francine walked cheerfully into the kitchen to the sight of two teens and an alien, all with heads down in their cereal bowls. It had been a week since she and Stan had their "Couples Neuro Relaxation Therapy" session with Roger in his guise as Dr. Penguin.
Stan had been preoccupied with work as usual all week. While this made Francine feel neglected, as usual, at the same time she had begun to feel an increased sense of self awareness and pleasure. She had begun to feel more beautiful, more desirable to others. That was proven on her foray into the bookstore the previous Saturday.
She found herself taking more care with her makeup and attire in the past week, thrilled at the thought of men and women admiring her appearance and being attracted to her. She was becoming very comfortable, almost as if she was knocking down the barriers of her sexual inhibitions.
It seemed as if her inhibitions lowered that much more during the intense activity the past week. She found herself looking back at the threesome she had participated in with the bookstore owners not as an assault against her as much as her showing off her sexual talents. She felt that she had looked incredibly beautiful and sexy in the photos from that afternoon, and had looked at the photos with delight dozens of times in the past few days.
"Good Morning guys!" She called out radiantly, being met with silence from the room. "Big day for me today," she continued "I'm going to go antiquing at the flea malls in Pennsylvania, just past the Virginia state line. Who wants to come along? I could really use the company on that long drive since Stan is away on assignment until tomorrow." Francine already knew the answer.
"Okay..." she said to the deafening silence of Captain Crunch being chewed. "Don't say I didn't offer to show you a great time!" She replied perkily as she grabbed her keys and turned for the door.
"Oh, hey Francine?" The hot blonde mom turned to face the direction of Roger the Alien's voice.
"Yes Roger?" she asked.
"Could you be a sweetheart and pick me up some Legerdemain at the grocery on your way back?"
Francine's face went blank as she repeated the word, beads of sweat appearing on her forehead. "Legerdemain; sure, Legerdemain." She turned for the door and departed the house with a big grin subconsciously forming on her face.
Two hours later Francine exited interstate 81, taking exit number 3 just over the Pennsylvania state line. She pulled up to a nondescript block building, the heat unbearable as she exited her SUV. With the temperature in the high nineties the parking lot had reached the surreal state of being somewhat solid, while at the same time pliable.
Francine had parked at the far end of the parking lot in the back, as far from the store entrance and the road as possible. The long walk allowed her skin to begin displacing the heat by forming a thin cooling layer of perspiration on her neck arms and chest.
"Dammit. I spent so much time on my makeup. I hope I make it inside without it running." She mumbled softly before reaching the entrance.
The building was silent as she entered. "Ahhhhh!" she sighed with enough volume to be heard from several feet away. Francine could instantly feel the coolness of the air-conditioning on her skin. Her top rapidly began to cling to her perspiring skin, molding the cotton material to her body.
It wasn't often an unaccompanied woman, especially one as beautiful as Francine Smith had entered this store. A few men and a couple looked at the boxes of videos for sale and rent, another couple was checking out items on big display shelves. Two men were perusing magazines. Francine was excited but nervous. This was a new step for her. She was a woman alone; alone in an adult bookstore; and dressed in a most provocative manner.
True, she was very far from home, so probably no one would know her. Still, Francine wondered if she could really go through with her plan. Her visit to the Happy Time Book, News and Lingerie Store had been the single most exciting event of her life. Feelings had been opened up that she had repressed for over twenty years. But going back there again was probably out of the question since Jerome and Jackson had paid her to stay away.
Francine had come to realize she had been exhilarated by so many aspects of her previous bookstore visit. The attention the men showed her had been both thrilling and electrifying. She felt she looked gorgeous and stunning in the hard core photos they had taken of her sucking cock with wild abandon, being teasingly stripped of her clothes, and fucking with a complete lack of inhibition. She knew from the moment she saw the first photos that she immensely enjoyed posing in sensually and sexually charged ways for the camera, and that she got off on teasing and showing her body.
"Hello, Miss," said the young man at the counter in a deep voice, waking her from her moment of self-revelation.
With the clerks greeting, several of the men turned to look. What they saw was almost beyond belief. Here was a woman of extraordinary beauty, buxom with blonde hair, a voluptuous bubble butt, firm legs, and the face of a goddess.
Francine had made a quick pit stop at the highway rest area just over the state line, changing her clothes and reapplying her makeup. Long gone were her sensible shoes and pink, knee length dress. While still wearing her trademark pendent necklace and white bracelet, she was now dressed in four inch high white heels. Beneath her provocative, white mid-thigh length skirt she wore nothing.
On top, she wore a bright pink tube top, emblazoned with a large white star. The clothing and shoes she wore were gifts from the owners of the Happy Time Book, News and Lingerie Store, part of several bags of clothes and exotic high heels they gifted her for never returning.
With no bra beneath, her firm breasts jutted and bounced magnificently in the thin, skin tight material. Her nipples were already hard, just from the anticipation of what might happen today. They pushed outward and were distinctly visible.
Then there was her face, at once angelic and sultry. Her puffy, pouting lips were a bright shade of pink matching her top. Her husband Stan had once told her that this bright pink lipstick made her look slutty. She had never forgotten.
Her eye lids were painted lavender, accenting her shimmering eyes as they gleamed, seemingly glowing with fire. If the eyes are truly the gateway to the soul, then Francine's revealed a soul full of lust.
Her eyes swept across the room, taking in the overall view, stopping momentarily to linger on each man. Most had paused their perverted browsing to stare at what they could only believe was an apparition. There were women who made a living as models or as porn stars who could not hold a candle to the voluptuous creature they saw before them now. Yet here she was. Real, alive, thrilling to look at; and thrilled to be looked at.
Her gaze lingered over the crowd, silently evaluating each man. Her eyes would meet every one of them. While she had to force herself to remain strong and not avert eye contact, it was they who lowered their eyes first, intimidated by her lush beauty and sexuality. One or two, however, met her gaze head on and smiling.
"Can I help you look for anything," said a voice. She realized the clerk was speaking to her again. She turned to face him, and saw his eyes dip involuntarily to her bosom. She had become aware over the past week that this happens every time she is near a man, and she was learning to bask in the admiration.
Confidently, Francine straightened her back, lifting her magnificent breasts higher. When he looked back up from her breasts, she smiled. "Hi sweetie. This is my first time in your store. I just wanted to see what kind of fun things you have," she said smiling and motioning around the large room. "It looks like you have plenty."
"Is there anything specific you are thinking of," he said, his boyish face breaking into a grin. "Well no. I am a buyer and not a browser, but I don't know what I want yet. I think I will know it when I see it."
His eyes dropped again to her tits, and this time his gaze remained there for more than an instant. When he looked up again, he began blushing when he realized she was smiling and staring directly into his eyes. 'How cute', she thought.
"Well, you go look and let me know if I can be of any assistance," the clerk said. A twinkle came to her eyes and she shifted her weight just slightly, causing her big breasts to quiver.
"Oh, I will," she said with a wink.
She began to walk around the store, slowly and leisurely, her high heels pushing up her bubble butt bottom so that it swayed with each step. Moving about in a relaxed way, her body swayed sensually, her large breasts dancing. Not a single man in the building was looking at anything else but her as she sauntered across the room. Francine could feel their eyes on her, which pleased and excited her even more. Feeling a growing wetness between her legs, she concentrated on looking straight ahead, moving toward the sex toys displayed along one long wall.
Soon she stood, looking at a set of Ben Wah balls, admiring their silver finish and wondering how it would feel if they were thrust up inside her as she walked. She glanced down the aisle to see two men standing; looking intently at her over the top edge of the magazines they held in their hands.
Slowly, as if it was the most natural thing in the world, she bent over at the waist with her knees locked to pick up an item from the bottom shelf, turning slightly so her rear faced the two men. Casually, she lingered at her task, as if she could not decide which item she wanted. In truth, there was nothing on the shelf that she wanted. She just wanted to feel her short white skirt ride up her muscled ass. She knew that a tiny bit of her bottom was now exposed. With her legs just slightly apart, she also knew the two men might see the meaty lips of her pussy. 'I wonder if the wetness shows?' she thought.
"Holy fuck! Would you look at that," one of the men said in a hushed tone. She could barely hear him, but the other man spoke more loudly. "Damn!"
Francine stood, turned and walked slowly down the row of toys, away from the men, stopping this time in front of a rack of something called a "Butterfly." There were dozens of different models, most in pink or pale blue, and she realized the straps were designed so a woman could fit the buzzy toy over her hips and hold it against her clit. "Hummm, that's something I might like." Francine said out loud to no one in particular.
With deliberate ease, she sank to her haunches, her strong butt cheeks resting on her heels as she held one of the butterfly vibrators in her hand, studying it intently. The skirt was so short that anyone sitting on the floor would have seen right up it. Francine slowly spread her legs apart, and the skirt rose higher towards her hips. No one was standing in front of her, but had they, there would have been a direct view of what she wanted them to see. Her precious, brunette topped pussy was gapped open, pink and gleaming with wetness. She stayed in place, pretending to be unaware that she was flaunting her pussy.
She knew full well what she was doing. She was teasing. In her current state of arousal she just might have the courage today to do much more than just tease. The thought sent a shudder through her.
As if he was reading her mind, one man walked from across the store toward her. She did not rise.
The stranger paused directly in front of her. Around her age, perhaps forty or so, he did not smile. "I wish my wife was more like you." He said as his hand went down to her shoulder, touching her gently. "You are so very beautiful." With that he walked away.
'Oh my Gawd! If he had pulled my head to his cock; I swear I would have sucked him off right here in the store.' Francine thought to herself as she stood up and straightened out her skirt.
When she looked around, she could see that the men in the room were no longer spread out. Most of them were in the aisles closest to her. She was the center of attention, and she loved it. A man wearing a blue sports jacket caught her eye, and smiled. She smiled back.
She took a moment to look around the store. When she looked back at the man, he was nearing her. He looked nice, sharply dressed. She waited in breathless anticipation until he finally reached her. His hand moved boldly to touch her breast. Not to grab her, but merely to use his fingers to trace along the outline of her hard nipple. He took his time, touching unhurriedly. He stopped moving his fingers and left them resting on her. With a sigh, he moved away. She heard him softly say "oh well" and wondered why he had not stayed to touch her more. She realized that she had wanted him to do more; and that she needed more.
Francine continued her walk around the store. She felt so much bolder now after the boost to her self-confidence when the man actually touched her aroused nipple.
She paused at a magazine rack. The covers featured beautiful women in various positions. Some of the covers featured blatant sex, while others had the women posing in one way or another. She picked up one of the more explicit cover magazines and began to leaf through it. The cover showed a beautiful mature brunette sucking a hard cock. As Francine thumbed through the magazine, the two men who had made the comments from down the aisle earlier walked up, sandwiching her between them.
"You sure are a hot thing." said one of the men. He reached one hand around her shoulder and flipped several pages of the magazine she was holding to a page that showed the same brunette as on the cover. Now she was posed with two men, one with his cock in her mouth, the other with just the tip of his hard penis entering her pussy lips.
"You like this picture," the man asked. Francine found herself staring at the pages, unable to speak. The other man put his arm around her waist, and firmly pulled her next to him.
"She seems very quiet for such a beautiful lady." He said as his arm now went from her waist to her bottom. "And look, she's wearing a big rock wedding ring." He laughed as his hand rubbed up and down her ass, sending a shock through her entire body. She realized the men were now positioned slightly behind her.
"Oh she is a wild thing, that's for sure," said the other man. "She can't take her eyes off these fuck pictures. Isn't that right, lady." said his partner leaning into her ear with his lips. "Do you like to just look at pictures, or would you rather be the one sucking that cock?" His hand left her bottom, only to reach lower a second later, touching the back of her leg just below her skirt. She jumped involuntarily, but did not speak. Her only movement was to lift her left foot and plant it up on the bottom shelf of the magazine rack, shoulder wide from her other foot. She leaned forward, bracing her elbow against the magazine shelf.
The hand on her leg moved upward quickly, touching her pussy. Francine thought she would faint when she felt a finger move between her pussy lips. She knew the man could feel her wetness. As he moved his finger up into her, she knew he could feel how open, how ready, she was.
Her eyes were now closed. The other man grabbed her left hand and pulled it from the shelving before pressing it tightly against his hardening cock. "Oh you sweet thing. Just feel this. That's right. Keep your eyes closed and let him finger that pussy."
Two fingers were inside her now, moving, slowly at first, then faster. Only seconds seem to pass before she began to moan softly. "Uhhmmmmm." She knew she would soon cum right there and then, standing in an adult bookstore with people all around.
As she climaxed, she still had enough control to suppress crying out loud, but anyone watching knew. They saw her body shaking and her wobbly breasts quivering. Moments later the fingers were gone, as was the hand holding hers. She opened her eyes, putting her foot back on the floor and her hand back on the rack to steady herself. She watched as the two men moved away as if nothing had happened, not even pausing to look back.
After a few minutes Francine had recovered enough to look around. A younger man with sandy hair and brown eyes stood in the same aisle, looking at her. He moved towards her. "That was fucking unbelievable," he said. "Thank you." He finished. Then, he too moved away.
Francine gathered her strength and began to walk towards the exit, still aroused, but exhausted.
Before she reached the end of the aisle a young man in his early twenties walked towards her. He was dressed in jeans and a faded black concert shirt. He was built thick, maybe even massive, but not overweight. He was tall, perhaps six foot one or more. She had noticed his eyes were a light brown, as was his hair. 'Three day beard, and not bad looking.' she thought. Now, as he walked towards her, she saw that his pants were just the right size, the fabric tightening over a cute, tight bottom.
He paused. Their eyes met, and he smiled. It was a confident, almost cocky smile that cut right into her. She felt her pussy quiver as more wetness was instantly building. She could smell it now. Her warm, musky aroma, the unmistakable smell of a woman in heat. 'I wonder if anyone who comes near me can smell it? I hope so.' She smiled to herself. She subconsciously wanted everyone in the place to know she was aroused, feeling hot and more than just a little slutty.
The young guy was still smiling as he walked toward her. She wanted to smile, but could not. She was nervous, on edge. But strangely, she was not afraid. "You are a brave woman to come in here alone." he said to her, stopping close, but not invading her space.
"Oh not really," she replied. Now she was able to smile. "There are plenty of people around. I'm not afraid." She said it defiantly, tossing her hair. Then she added in a softer voice: "Well, not very afraid."
"My name is Paul," he said. He did not offer his hand.
"I'm Francine," she replied.
His voice was a deep, rustling Baritone. 'Of course,' she thought, 'it would have to be.'
She concentrated on his face, rugged and tanned, the features sharp and the chiseled look of a kid, not yet a man. He seemed relaxed and at ease talking with a beautiful woman that was old enough to be his mother, in a sexual setting. She was surprised at his self-assurance, but pleased.
"So why are you here, Francine?" he asked.
"I'm not really sure. I do know I've always wanted to see what was inside these kinds of places." She paused. "I might buy a toy or two for later tonight." she giggled. He laughed, too, joining her.
"Are you married?"
"That's a pretty personal question," she smiled as she held up her hand to show her wedding ring.
"And hubby doesn't know? Or he doesn't mind?" the young man questioned.
"What hubby doesn't know won't hurt him...or me." She purred as he nodded in agreement.
"And do you always dress like this?" He motioned with his hand, sweeping downward from her bosom to her feet.
Again she giggled like a teenager. "No."
"Well you look really hot," Paul said, and in a most natural gesture moved one hand to her waist. She did not move away. The hand felt warm, and his touch, she realized, was just what she wanted at that moment.
"Thank you, Paul." she flashed him her best smile.
"Are you looking for anything else in here; besides a toy or two for tonight?" He asked with self-confidence. Francine paused, longer than she realized.
"Maybe." She said with a mischievous grin.
He made no reply. He did not even nod as his hand moved ever so slightly on her waist. She secretly hoped he would move it to her bottom, but he did not. He just kept it there, moving with slightly more pressure. They just looked at each other until she dropped her eyes.
'Oh shit' she thought, 'this young guy is a beast'
She heard some movement near her and looked up to see a couple moving past, both of them looking at her, not smiling, but not looking un-approvingly either.
"What?" Paul asked.
Francine realized she had just muttered something aloud. "I said, I enjoy your touch." she said. Again she lowered her eyes.
"Good," he replied. There was silence for what seemed a long time. He seemed to be considering something. Then he spoke.
"I am going outside for a smoke. Join me."
It was not a question, it was a command, and he turned without even waiting for a reply.
Francine stood, her eyes glancing around the room as he walked away. She noticed others watching her now. Apparently a few more men had entered, and a couple stood nearby, pretending to look at something, but were clearly watching her.
The door has hardly closed behind Paul when she took a big breath. "You want this Francine." she said faintly under her breath to herself as she followed his path to the door, her heart beating like she was going to jump off a thirty foot high dive into a pool.
Outside Paul stood a few yards from the door, lighting a cigarette as she approached. The smoke curled up in continuing wisps, shimmering darkly against the blue summer sky.
"You came," he said. Without another word he removed the cigarette from his mouth, throwing it to the ground, and then kissed her. It was a hard, passionate kiss, and she seemed to just melt into him. At that moment she did not care who might see her. Her internal lust was controlling her.
She could feel his hardness press against her leg. With one hand behind her head, he kissed her with a passion that flamed her lust. His impatient tongue thrust into her, and she responded back in kind. For long moments he held her, kissing her passionately. His hand grabbed a handful of her hair, stroking and pulling her face against his. His other hand firmly pawed up the material of her short skirt before grabbing her bare left buttock.
When he stopped, he pulled her head back by the handful of hair still in his fist, his other hand remaining on her bare ass, as she gasped for breath. "Oh wow," she said.
He grinned. "I know why you came here today, Francine."
"And why is that?" She asked dizzily, recovering from his kissing assault while rubbing her hand on top of the one he had on her ass cheek.
He laughed. "Well is certainly isn't just to buy a sex toy. Not dressed like that. You're dressed to hunt lady." Paul pointed toward the far side of the parking lot. "Let's go sit in my truck."
Francine hesitated, briefly looking towards the entrance of the store and the road. "I don't know..." she muttered as he walked away.
"Come on. It's safe. Lots of people around; and lots saw you come outside with me." He reached for her hand. She put her hand in his and let him lead her to his pickup truck, not saying a word as she attempted to pull her skirt down over her rounded ass, trying to conceal her exposed skin that was on display to the hot sun and anyone who happenned to look.
Paul opened the passenger side door for her and helped boost her up into the seat. She realized he could see her pussy as she swung her legs around. When he entered the other side he moved toward her without pause.
One hand quickly shot beneath her short skirt, forcefully grasping her wet pussy and pulling at her brown pubic hair. The other hand went around her, grabbing and holding her long blonde hair again as they kissed.
The fire between her legs was hot, as first one finger, then two, slipped between her lips to enter her. Her body arched involuntarily and she pushed back against them, helping to push them further in.
"Damn you are wet." Paul said, removing his lips from hers and watching her beautiful face contort as his finger continued to probe her. "Very wet. You are one hot slut Francine."
"Uhhmmmm. Yes." she said, moaning in a low, guttural voice. She thought she would climax moments ago when his fingers first went into her. Now she knew she would.
Seconds later, her body was convulsing in a wild bucking motion, waves of illicit pleasure sweeping through her body. "That's it. Fuck Yeah Baby. Cum for me. Cum good you sexy slut." She heard his voice as if far away. Francine continued to orgasm, until at last his fingers slowed and the waves decreased.
She realized her hands were around him, holding him. His face was inches away, with a look of wonderment. "God Damn, woman. You can really cum!"
It took a lot for her to simply say "Thank you." She moaned with lust, her body not yet fully over her climax.
Paul moved away, backing against the driver side door. He unzipped his pants and took out a long, hard cock. Francine could see that it was longer than Stan's, and thicker. He was about to say something when without prompting she leaned across the bench seat of the truck and placed her mouth around the head of his erect prick.
"Ohhhhhhhh." he said. Francine looked up and smiled. "There was a drop on top. I couldn't let that get away." Then she went back down on him.
Years ago Francine had loved sucking cock. She was had always been good at it, not that Stan ever let her. He thought oral sex was for whores and sluts. Now, fueled by a lust stronger than she had ever known, she was a wild animal, lustfully sucking the cock of another complete stranger, this one appearing to be the age of her nineteen year old daughter.
One of his hands rested on her head, gently pulling her by the hair up and down his cock. "Oh fuck," he said. "Oh shit lady. Do it. Suck that cock. Ohhhh yes."
Francine's tongue swirled around the prick in her mouth as her head bobbed up and down. She twisted her mouth back and forth as she sucked, and licked. Then she moved further downward, to lick his big heavy balls, loaded with cum. Then she was back to the head of his hard penis.
"Uhmmmm..." she moaned rowdily as she felt his strength, the rigid thick prick pressing against the inside of her mouth. She felt the warmth, and the texture of his bare skin. She could even feel the ridges that traced along the length of it. As it went on and on, Francine savored every moment of her debauchery.
'Imagine the ladies in the PTA if they ever saw me like this, sucking a sexy young stranger in a truck in the parking lot of a sex store while he moans and grunts his approval of my efforts.' she thought.
Her concentration was brought back to the present. "Lady, is it Okay if I cum?" Paul asked.
Francine lifted her head and looked him right in the eyes. She felt no shame. She felt like the beautiful slut she always knew she could be.
"Yeah baby. I want you to cum; but only if you take some photos for me while I suck the cum from your cock." She said with sparkling eyes as she reached into her pocket and dug out her iPhone.
Before handing the phone to the young man Francine took a couple of smiling "selfies".
First she held the cell phone down low in her left hand as she smiled and stroked his hardened cock in her right hand. *FLASH* the photo showed both of their faces clearly.
For the second photo she leaned forward, looked into the camera with a big smile, and tongued the head of his cock. *FLASH*.
For her final shot she plunged her mouth over his hard shaft and took a close-up of just her face and his hard member piercing her lips. *FLASH*
"You are one hot bitch," he said as she handed the iPhone to him. He began shooting photo after photo as he drove his steel-hard prick deep into her mouth with great force, while she attacked her own pussy with her free hand. Now he was fucking her mouth like a piston, reaming her face with force, pulling all the way out only to drive it back deep into her mouth. *FLASH*
"Tell ME! Do...you...want....my...cum?" His voice was strained from the superhuman physical effort.
"Mmmmphh..." came from her mouth. She managed to pull his cock from her mouth and say one quick word. "YES!" And with that she felt his prick pulse as she shoved it, jerking and twitching, back inside her mouth. *FLASH* *FLASH*
Francine felt the first blast of cum erupted into her mouth, hitting the back of her throat, and her body responded in ecstasy with his. Violently, her whole body jerked as she came, and her pussy went into an uncontrollable clutching and releasing around her fingers.
Her wedding band had somehow become tangled in her brown pubic hair. The contrasts between the pleasure and pain she was feeling were maddening to the hot Mom.
Some dark deep sounds came from Paul, grunts that were timed with each hard thrust into her mouth. Excess cum flowed from the corners of her mouth as she convulsed in pleasure. She felt her own juices pouring out of her, flowing down her thighs and onto her stockings.
"God, I'm cumming all over myself" she whimpered as another hard pulsation racked her body. The waves of rapture increased. Although she had never really stopped, she realized she was cumming again.
"Fuck. You've got quite a mouth," Paul said, slowing his pace to feel her sucking at his penis. *FLASH*
Finally it slowed. The waves of her orgasm were still there, like a symphony of sexual feeling gradually fading. His cock pulled out of her lips, and she felt even more of his hot cum drip on her tits.
They were both shaking now. She would have fallen to the floorboard without his hard grip on her bottom, his fingers pressing into her and holding her from collapse. For long moments they stayed like that as she savored the hot dirty feelings.
"You are some woman." He said at last in an almost normal voice. He turned her around and kissed her, this time a softer, deeper kiss. As they exited the vehicle he walked over to stand by her at the passenger side of his truck.
"Can I have your phone number?" he asked as he gave her his on a slip of paper. Her hands trembling, she wrote a fake number on the back of a tiny piece of paper and they exchanged numbers. "That's my cell number, but be discreet if you call," she said, trying to sound sincere. He just nodded, and walked back to the driver's side of the truck.
"Be sure to text me some of those photos Francine." Paul called as he pulled off." "Sure will." She lied as she watched him drive off without even waving at her. As his truck raced past the other cars in the lot her eyes were drawn to her SUV at the end of the parking lot. "Time to go." she realized.
As she got ready to get in her car Francine looked at her watch and saw she had at least another hour before she needed to head back to Langley Falls. She smiled and spun on her heels and headed back to the front door of the sex shop.
"I have got to put together a plan to get Stan to loosen up and join me in my new hobby." She thought "There must be some way to convince him. To make him think it would be his idea to show me off to other men."
She finished her thought as she opened the store entrance door one more time.