Author's Note:This chapter took almost a week longer than I expected it to. I wrote most of it, but realized that it wasn't getting to the point I wanted it to, so I had to step back, and reanalyze it. It doesn't help that this one chapter turned out to be significantly longer than other single chapters so far. That, by the way, is why you only get one chapter this time. Anyway, this is mostly just me ranting about problems in the chapter that you never saw, so I should probably wrap this up. I am thinking I have one more chapter, and then a little epilogue I want to write. So we are definitely approaching the end of this story. I hope all of you are having a great time, and I will stop bothering you and let you get on with the story!
Chapter 17 - Derek
I awoke early that morning. Today was the day that Alexis had agreed to give me complete control. Alexis had been ecstatic to hear from me. She had talked on and on about how excited she was, and how she would show me what a good girl she could be. I had let her talk, unsure of how I should feel about the upcoming day with her. When she finally ran out of things to say, I clarified the plan once more, and then hung up.
Over the last month my thoughts about Alexis had changed several times. At first I had been angry. She was the one who pushed me into this new world that upended his life. As the anger faded, I tried to forget about her. She had used her powers to control me, and I wanted nothing to do with that. But I couldn't get her out of my mind. Ivy and Felicia were great, and special to me, but they would never be my equals. Alexis could. I kept thinking back to her crying in the bedroom the night of the trial. The fact that she had seen such potential in me, and only wanted to help me realize it. My crush had resurfaced, and started to grow. I thought back over every time we had interacted, and I realized how much I liked her. And how much it seemed like she liked me too.
I had found out last night that my watcher would be Justin, the chill guy about my age. That should make things even easier. I had to agree that I wouldn't use my powers at all on her, but that shouldn't be a problem. And if she was as obedient as she claimed, I wouldn't have any need to.
I rolled over to check my phone. It was 6 in the morning, but I was wide awake. I rolled out of bed and I realized I was starving. I would be getting breakfast with Alexis later, but I figured it wouldn't hurt to eat a little now to take the edge off. A couple eggs later I was feeling much better, but I was watching my phone like a hawk. Nothing like being excited for something to really slow the world down. I jumped in the shower, then started cleaning the house just for something to do. The day was supposed to start with her calling me as soon as she got up.
It was almost 9 when the phone rang. My hands were shaking a little as I raced to answer the video call. "Hello?"
"Hey. It's me, Alexis." Her voice was shaking a little from the nerves. The camera wasn't showing her. It was pointed at her closet. "Sorry for the late start. I didn't get much sleep last night. But I am here, reporting for duty as your slave for the day!" She tried to put a chipper tone in her voice at the end.
I cleared my throat, trying to act casual, and not super turned on by her phrasing. "Well, I would like to see my slave. Turn the camera around."
"But I'm... " She caught herself questioning the order, and the camera flipped. Her hair was wrapped in a towel, and she had another around her chest, but the tops of her breasts caught my eyes, until I forced myself up to look in her eyes. "Yes Sir!" She said, putting on a little smile, and throwing a quick salute that sent her body jiggling and caused the towel to slip. She blushed, and dropped the salute to hold her scant covering in place. "How may your loyal slave serve you this morning?" She asked, trying to get the topic back on track.
I forced my eyes back up to her face. "Well, I suppose I should pick out your outfit for today. Let's start with the under garments. Do you have a set of black underwear and a bra?" I asked.
"I have a few, let me lay them out for you." The camera moved around, and I wasn't sure what I was looking at. It eventually stabilized, and I realized she was using the hand holding the camera to retrieve the clothes. "So here is what I have." She said, and the camera flipped to the other side again, and there were three pairs of lingerie on the bed. "This first one is nice and simple." She brought the camera close to show a solid black pair of panties that would provide ample coverage, with a simple and yet functional bra above it. "The shoulder straps on the bra can be removed if you want me to wear something that would leave them visible." The camera panned a little to the right, showing a pair of bikini cut panties with lacy trim, and a very lacy demi bra. "This pair is more exciting, although no where near as comfortable as the first pair." She stayed on them for a moment, before quickly panning to the right once more to reveal the final set.
"And this pair" Her voice was noticeably faster, the nerves really getting to her. "Is fully form over function. It is designed to show things off, rather than provide support." The bottoms were a fully transparent lacy thong, that was barely two inches wide at the widest point, with a very thin string connecting the front to the back. The bra was similarly transparent lace, although it did have a dense pattern that I imagined would just cover her nipples, but that was about all it would cover. It was a demi bra, so the cups stopped right at that line.
She didn't keep the camera on them long. As soon as she stopped speaking she pulled it back, now showing all three. "So, what do you want me to wear?" She asked, and I was fairly sure she was holding her breath.
"Well, there is a lot of variety. And I want my slave to look good." I let that hang in the air for a moment. "Put on the third set. I want to see how it looks." I could pretty much picture it, but actually seeing it was so much better.
She let out her breath, then took another deep inhale. "Yes, Sir." She set the cameral down and the screen went black. I could hear her shifting around, and then the camera lit up again. It was still turned around, but there was a mirror in front of it. In her reflection I could see the bra was lifting her breasts, making them look even more incredible. Her left arm was behind her back, holding her right arm at the elbow, probably to stop herself from covering up. Her knees were close together, but that didn't stop the panties from clearly showing that she was fully shaved, and I could see the shape of her mound through the thin fabric. When my eyes finally reached her face I saw that she was blushing deeply, and looking down.
"You look absolutely incredible." I said, trying to surreptitiously to shift my rock hard rod, as I relaxed my persuasive muscle.Can't afford to accidentally let that out today, even if no one is around for now.No one had said anything outright, but I suspected the council were using today as a test of my self control. "As much as I would like to look at you in that all day long, I do have some other plans for the day. Lets see some skirts."
"What kind of skirt are you looking for? Do you want something long and flowing? Something shorter and sporty like a tennis skirt? Something fun that flares out when I spin?" She said, as the camera flipped once more. She was flipping through a selection of skirts in her closet as she talked.
"How about something about knee length, but light and airy? It is supposed to be hot today, so I don't want you to be too uncomfortable." I said, and I watched as she flipped back to a skirt she had passed before. It was brown, and the cotton material did indeed look very thin. "That looks great! Try that one on."
The camera went dark again, and I waited patiently. When she brought it back up, I could see that the skirt was about an inch above the knee, and thin enough that with the daylight from the window behind her I could see the outlines of her legs. "Set the camera on something, and give it a spin." I said. She faltered for a moment, but then braced the camera on something about waist height and stepped back. She looked at the camera, checking to make sure it was lined up right, and spun in a quick circle. Her pleated skirt flared out, and my eyes were drawn up her legs, although it didn't quite show off her panties. She squeaked, and I looked up to see her pressing her breasts back into her bra, so I had to assume they had popped out during the sudden motion. "I think that looks perfect. Now, how about a yellow shirt to set off the outfit. Something that says 'Summer is here!'"
"Umm." She was fighting to get her blush under control. "Let me see what I have." She said, moving to the other side of her closet. She pulled a few different shirts out, and tossed them onto the bed, then moved to her wardrobe, where she had her T-shirts folded up. She dug around a little more, and tossed some more things onto the bed. I had her hold them up, and I said no to most of them. Either they were a light yellow, or there were some other strong colors present, or they just weren't what I was looking for. By the end, she had two shirts left. A yellow T with some layered ruffles crossing from her shoulder to her hip, and a deep yellow long sleeved button up made of a thin silky fabric.
I had her try on the T- shirt first. It hugged her chest, but I really didn't like the ruffles. When she put on the button up, I knew it was perfect. It was thin enough that I could just see the black outline of her bra underneath, and the shirt could have been tailored to her with how well it clung to her body in all the right places. "That's the one. What do you think?" I asked, admiring the lovely sight before me.
"Its... Its a little formal, but very nice." She said, twirling back and forth just enough to get the skirt spinning, but not lifting up. A smile crept onto her face as she admired the outfit. "How do you want my makeup and hair?" She asked, untwisting the towel and running a hand through her hair.
"However you think would look the best. How about you meet me at a diner for brunch in about an hour?" I gave her the directions, and she agreed to see me there. I had her spin one more time for me. This time she braced her tits before spinning, which made me smile, and then I hung up and gathered a few things I would need, and checked my wallet. Felicia had given me a couple thousand out of her "frolic fund" that apparently her dad topped up every few months. I had spent some of it on the supplies for today, but I still had enough to cover everything else I had planned. Today was going to be a great day.


I was seated outside the diner, enjoying a glass of iced water under one of the umbrellas they had the tables to block the sun. It was going to hit 100 degrees this afternoon, and the heat was already climbing. I watched Alexis drive past, looking for a parking spot, and a couple minutes later I saw her walking up, the gentle breeze causing her skirt to flutter around her legs. She was fanning herself as she sat down. She looked ready for a job interview.
"You didn't want to sit inside in the AC?" She asked. Her hair was pulled back into a ponytail through a silver clasp that held it a couple inches out from her head, then braided tightly as it fell down her back.
"Nah, I wanted to enjoy the day before it got too hot." I said, passing over a menu. "Let me know when you know what you want to eat." She looked over the menu quickly, and then indicated she was ready. I called over the waiter and placed our orders. She got a chilled fruit salad and a slice of quiche. I ordered a hefty breakfast burrito. We chatted for a little while as we waited for our meals, catching up on what we had missed for the last month. It was easy to relax around her, although I could tell she was avoiding mentioning the last night we had seen each other.
That is fine. I'm ready to let it go, but if she is still concerned about it, maybe I can work that into things if she starts to back down later in the day.I thought, as I watched her fan her shirt to send air flowing across her chest. The waiter returned with our food, and we dug in. It was good, although I wasn't sure it was worth the exorbitant prices they were charging. With about half the meal gone, I decided to lay out the plan for today.
"So, I have some ideas of how I want today to go, but I wanted to start by getting everything perfectly clear. What did you think today was going to be? What limits did you want set? How far were you planning on going? Or letting me go?" I asked.
She took a deep drink of her iced tea, then looked around to make sure no one was listening. We were the only ones eating outside, so it was clear. Justin was eating inside. He only needed to be close enough to tell if I used my power, and so he agreed to stay mostly out of the way. "I don't really know what I expected. I just know that I was going to do whatever you said. I originally took this dare so you could see that I was better then either of your other two slaves, and I mean to live up to that. Don't hold yourself back. I intend to show you that a willing woman is far better than your mind broken toys." Her voice was firm, but she grew almost vindictive when she mentioned Felicia and Ivy. "I intend to follow your every order today, and by tonight I want to fuck you so hard and good you won't even think of those two other sluts again. Whatever it takes to prove to you that I am the best for you, do it today." She had leaned forward over the table, and she laid her hand over mine, gripping possessively.. "I want you to be mine, and I will do whatever you need to make that happen, Sir."
I couldn't keep the smile off my face, or the blood from flowing south. I quickly relaxed my persuasion, then I leaned over to my bag, and palmed one of the items I had prepared. "Perfect. I am glad to hear that you don't intend to back away from anything. But I have a couple of things that might get a bit... extreme, so I am going to want your knowing consent before hand." It wasn't totally true, but I wanted to spook her at the start of the day. "You are OK with being tied up, being exposed in public? Debasing yourself in front of me, and whoever I want to watch?" Her eyes were looking right into mine, as determined as ever. "Having your most intimate moments shared around with all your friends? Being my human toilet? Being whipped for my amusement?" At the mention of the whip I saw her eye flit to the side, but only for a moment. "So that's the one. Answer me this: Did you look away because you like the idea, but are ashamed of it, or are you against the idea of pain?" I kept my tone level.
She took a moment to respond, finally breaking eye contact. "I... I don't like the idea of being whipped. The pain scares me. I was never good at tolerating pain." She looked back up at me, and I brushed a loose hair out of her face.
"That is just fine. I wanted to find something that you would finally say no to. Not all of that is going to happen today. Here is what I am thinking. I have a few activities we can go do, and we can end the day with a night at the movies, then back to my house where you can have that chance you wanted to show how much better you can be. It should be good fun." I paused to take a few bites of my meal.
"That sounds like a fair plan, although it sounds more like a date than me being your slave." She said questioningly.
"That is the other half of the plan. Throughout the day I have several little tasks that I plan to give you. If you perform them quickly and to my satisfaction, perfect. If you quibble, or try to get out of it, I get to add a punishment. After all, a good slave doesn't question her master." She nodded along, eating more of her fruit salad. "And I think we can start the first challenge now." I slipped my right hand across the table, palm down, concealing what I was hiding inside. "Take this. You need to cut off the top three buttons of your shirt." I dropped a small pair of scssors onto the table, then leaned back.
She didn't hesitate, just took them up and began popping the buttons off. "Of course, Sir. I do hope you had bigger plans than this?" The last button came off, and she flared her blouse open. The buttons were small and close together, and she already had two undone for the heat, so it didn't really reveal much, just a little bit of extra cleavage.
"Certainly. I like the thought of starting off slowly though." I took the scissors back. "I think you will find things getting much more exciting as the day heats up." The waiter dropped off the check, so I slipped a couple bills inside, wincing inside as I saw that brunch for two had cost almost $60, before the tip. "Shall we get going?" I said as I stood up, offering her my arm.
The first place on the list for today was an interesting arcade. It had a lot of Fair-style games, as well as a few actual arcade cabinets and claw machines. There were a few ways to pay. You could pay per game, or buy one of two day passes. They had the normal one, which let you play until the shop closed down, but it cost you a fortune, or you could get the "experience" pass. It was only about $60, and it also lasted all day, but you didn't get to take home any prizes. They started offering it not too long ago, and it had proved quite successful.
I stopped Alexis in the entrance of the arcade, and handed her another object from my bag. This one was in a small box, and wrapped in brown paper. "Take this to the bathroom, and follow the instructions on the note inside, and then I'll meet you at the entrance with the passes."
She looked at it curiously, but nodded, and slipped off the to bathroom. I bought two "experience passes", and then leaned against the wall by the entrance, and opened my phone. I had added a new app last night in preparation for this. I opened it up, and saw the device I had handed to her go from offline, to online. I grinned, and slipped the phone back into my pocket. Shortly after, I saw her walking towards me, a slight blush on her cheeks, and I handed her a pass. It worked like a credit card, unlocking the games for us, but not the prize dispensers. "Everything comfortable and in place?" I asked, throwing an arm over her shoulder and leading her into the arcade.
"Umm, yes, I think so. I've never used one of these before though." She whispered back.
"Well, I think we should start out with one of the balloon popping games. Those are fun." I pointed out a stand that had a wall covered in different colored balloons, with a man handing out darts. I swiped our card, and he handed us each 5 darts. We took turns throwing, grumbling when the balloon seemed to slide around the darts just when we thought we had it locked down. I finally got one to pop on my last dart, but Alexis had missed all of hers, so we swiped again. I let her go first this time, and took a step back and pulled out my phone as if to take a picture. Instead of the camera, I opened the new app, and triggered the device for a quick pulse at about half strength, right as she went for the throw.
She let out a squeak as her knees went weak, and her throw barely went far enough to reach the board, but not hard enough to stick. She recovered quickly, giving me an appraising look for a moment, then went back to throwing. I actually took a picture of her next throw, and I didn't buzz her again until after her fourth throw, when she managed to pop a balloon. I let that one pulse up and down between 15 and 50 percent for 10 seconds or so, and she managed to keep a straight face after the initial twitch when it started. The control it gave me over her was definitely a fun ride, and I had to relax that muscle as my pants grew tighter.
She tossed her final dart, then stepped back. "I think it's your turn, Sir." She said, looking at my phone.
I set her to a very low, but varying buzz, and then took my throws. I got two balloons, and decided to call it quits on that game. The guy running it was giving me a disapproving look, having figured out my game pretty quickly from her initial reactions. I lead her off to a few other games, occasionally surprising her with a sudden pulse, but mostly leaving turning it on low whenever her blush would start to fade. By around two we were starting to get hungry, so we left the arcade, but first I had to give her another challenge.
"Here." I said, handing her a larger pair of scissors. "You need to remove the bottom two inches of your skirt." She took the scissors, hiding them against her body, and slipped away. The skirt was already above her knees by a solid inch. While this wouldn't even come close to a dangerous dare, it was only the start.
She came back blushing furiously and not meeting my eyes. The skirt was about mid thigh, which was higher than I expected, but still left her covered. "That looks like more than two inches." I teased as she came back, and handed me the scissors.
"Yeah, well, I should have taken it off, and then cut, but I kept them on, and the back was way higher than the front, so I had to fix that. By the time I got it even, it looked like this." She said, obviously embarrassed by her failure.
"Well, that just means you jumped past a couple future challenges. Come on, let's go get something to eat."
The heat burst over us as we left the air conditioned building for the full heat of the day. I was instantly sweating. We ducked into a restaurant only a block away to get out of the sun. We got seated, and the waiter left to grab some menus. I grabbed the little scissors out of my pocket, and slipped them to Alexis. "Each time the waiter stops by, you need to remove another button." I whispered. "If you run out, you can tie your blouse together, but not until every button is gone."
She quickly snipped one more off the top, now showing enough cleavage to put her professional image in doubt if her skirt hadn't done that already. The waiter dropped off the menus and took our drink orders. When he left, she made to snip one more, but realized that would leave her chest almost fully bared, so she snipped the bottom button off instead. The waiter came back with our drinks, and we both drank deeply from the soda as soon as he handed it to us. I ordered a plate of nachos, and she ordered a Caesar salad, and the waiter stepped away again. She snipped one more off the bottom.
"How many do you have left now?" I asked, admiring the cleavage I could see, and excited to see more.
"Umm, three." She was playing with her shirt where it opened by her belly. I flipped on her vibrator and she jumped, then squirmed a little in her seat. I once more felt myself growing hard, and I had to relax the muscle. It was almost becoming a habit to do it as soon as I got hard. I had never had to do it for this long though.
"Good. I think I'll leave that on for a bit. You deserve a bit of a reward." I said impishly.
"I'm not sure I would call it a RE..." Her voice jumped in pitch as I turned it up. "A reward. That is pretty powerful you know." She was fighting to keep her voice level.
"I thought it gave you good feeling?" I said innocently. "It was supposed to make you nice and happy." I punctuated the last word with another high powered pulse, causing her to lean over the table clenching her fists. I let it subside to about 20 percent power as the waiter walked up with our orders. I finished off my drink, and asked him to get me a refill. Alexis gave me a dirty look, but I just smiled at the waiter, and she obediently snipped off another button from the bottom of her blouse. There were two left now, one above crest of her breasts, and one below. I could see her shirt pulling open above the table now. I ate a few of my nachos, watching her face to see if I could spot the pattern the device was playing. She ate slowly, picking at her salad while gripping her fork like it was her lifeline.
The waiter came back with replacements for both our drinks, then left. I increased the power to 30 percent, and she took up the scissors with trembling hands. She had a hard time lining it up, but the bottom button popped off, showing off the bottom of her bra between her breasts. The last button was clearly straining, but I figured it could hold out for the rest of the meal. She set the scissors down, breathing hard. I could see her thighs squirming together.
"How are you doing?" I asked, looking her in her fully flushed face. I still had my power relaxed, but I could feel it there constantly, trying to firm up. It was slightly distracting, although not as much so as the scene playing out in front of me.
"Could you... turn it down... please... sir." She couldn't say more than a couple words at a time. I grinned at her, and gave her a choice. Something was igniting my baser, more cruel urges.
I slid the power down just slightly, so she could at least talk clearly. "Well, I could do that, or I could turn it up, and let you cum. If I turn it down, you won't be cumming until we are back at the house, but I'll do my best to keep you right on the edge." I looked down at the app, checking the battery level. It had maybe another hour left at best. "So which will it be? Cum now, or cum later?" I asked, my finger hovering over the device controls.
She was torn. She glanced around. The restaurant wasn't super full. We had arrived just after the lunch rush finished, and a couple hours before dinner, so we had some space around us. She looked back at me, and watched as I curled a finger in slowly, counting down from 5. My middle finger curled in next, and she started to panic. The ring finger started to come down, and she rapidly whispered her response. "I want to cum now, please." I let my grin grow wider.
"Very well. I will give you control of the device. You can't leave the table, but you can do whatever you like to make yourself cum. You have until the waiter comes back the next time." I said, sliding my phone across the table to her.
"Thank you, Sir!" she said, taking the phone and scouring the app to figure out the controls. Her other hand slipped below the table, and I watched her shudder and bite her lip as she spiked the device to full power before bringing it back down. I let her work herself over for a bit, admiring the flush that spread across her skin. She was curled over the edge of the table, her left hand working under her skirt while the right slid the power on the app up and down. Her red face was resting on the table. I watched the orgasm take her as she pressed her forehead into the table. She dropped the phone and bit down on her hand to stifle the moan that she wanted to release, then slowly relaxed. I reached over and turned the device all the way off, then looked up to see the waiter approaching quietly.
"Is everything all right, Ma'am?" He asked, placing a hand on her shoulder. She squeezed her eyes closed, then turned to look up at him, her face bright red.
"Yeah, just having some cramps. Thank you for your concern." She said, sitting back up to shovel more of her salad into her mouth.
"Thanks for stopping by. I'll give her a couple of aspirin." I said, trying to dispel the waiter's worry. "The food has been fantastic, thank you." He gave Alexis one more look, then walked away, glancing back a few times. Alexis was chewing slowly, still coming out of her stifled orgasm. "Aren't you forgetting something?" I said with a raised eyebrow.
She looked at me confused, her brain still not quite fully there, and I mimed the scissors with my hand. She sat upright, finally realizing what I meant, and brought the scissors up to her last button. I watched happily as it bounced free, landing somewhere behind me, and her shirt fell wide open, revealing her perky breasts that had worked their way above the line that the sexy bra covered. Her dark brown nipples were rock hard, and it took substantial effort for me to resist moving over there and playing with them, but she quickly situated herself, and then tied the sides of her blouse together.
She no longer looked ready for an interview. The tied shirt no longer clung to her breasts, instead pulling out away from them to highlight her cleavage. Her hair was still mostly pulled back into the pony tail, but there were several wispy strands falling around her face. She was covered in a light sheen of sweat, which highlighted the curves of her abs delightfully as she panted to catch her breath.
"You look beautiful. Although I am debating giving you a punishment, since I had to remind you." I taunted her.
"That is hardly fair! I just got done having a massive orgasm! In public!" She hissed quietly, but I just grinned.
"And now I definitely will. Slaves don't talk back." I gloated, leaning back in my chair. She started to say something, but bit her lower lip, and looked down.
"Sorry Sir. Your slave is ready for your punishment."
"Finish eating. I think we have caused enough of a scene here." I said, digging in to what was left of my meal.
I paid the bill, then stood up and looked at the clock. It was only 3, and the movie I wanted to see didn't start until 7. I pulled Alexis into a sideways hug, and whispered into her ear. "Go ahead an slip the vibrator out of you, and into this bag. The battery won't last too much longer anyway." She took the plastic bag that I palmed off to her, and slipped into the bathroom. I stopped by the men's room to refresh myself, then waited for her by the front doors. It didn't take her long to show up.
The sun was still hot, so I lead her to my car, and we drove to the mall in relative comfort. I pulled into a parking spot a fair distance away from the doors. Alexis made to get out, but I stopped her. "Not yet, you still need your punishment." She gave me a worried look as I unzipped my bag, and started digging through it to find what I wanted. I pulled out an other brown paper wrapped box, but this one was much larger than the last. "I think my slave needs a reminder of what she is. I can't have her talking back to me like that."
I opened it up to reveal several shiny bands of metal. The first two I lifted out were small, maybe an inch and a half wide, and the inside was lined with leather. "These go around your ankles, just above the knob on the side." She clipped them on, and I was glad to see that I guessed close enough to the right size. The leather padding showed a little above and below the chrome band, so there was a black strip against the tanned skin of her leg, highlighting the shiny metal even more. On the back of the band was a small ring that something could be attached to.
I pulled a narrow necklace out next. It was made of interlocking chains of silver and black metal, meeting around a roughly two inch round ring in the middle. I brought it around her neck, and clipped it together, the ring at the front. It was a little long, so I pulled it into a choker, and closed the clasp, leaving a short length of chain hanging down her back. As long as I didn't attach a leash to the ring, it could pass as an ordinary piece of jewelry. "I think everyone should know that you are my slave, don't you?" I asked, pulling the next bands of metal out of the box.
The sight of her collared was reigniting any lust that had faded during the drive, and I had to force myself to relax the muscle again. I kept having thoughts of her bound before me, or following me nude, or any number of other ideas that I had to push to the back of my mind.I need to stay focused on today. I can't go too far with this. I like Alexis. No matter how sexy she would be crawling behind me on a leash with a tail plug in her ass.I thought.NO! Focus. Just a little exhibitionism today. I don't need to totally dominate her. I have enough of that with the girls.
The last two were very similar to the ones on her ankles, just a little thicker at just over two inches. "Give me your arm." I said, staring right into her eyes. "I think everyone should see that my slave has been disobedient." She lifted her arm to me, and I clasped the cuff around her wrist, then gestured for the other one. "If a slave is naughty, she brings shame to her master." I clasped the next one around her other wrist. "And must take that shame upon herself." I said, pocketing a short length of rope as I climbed out of the car, and opened her door.
She climbed out, and I spun her around gently, pulling her arms behind her back and tying the two wrist cuffs together. "Now, lets go see what we can find in the mall." I said, stepping forward, and letting her follow behind me. It was a titanic effort not to look back and admire the woman walking behind me. the silver and black of the cuffs didn't quite match the brown and yellow of her outfit, but I could already picture her in just the black lingerie, spread eagle across a bed by the cuffs. Or tied to a fence.
I shook the image out of my head, instead focusing on the eyes of the people around us. The parking lot was busy, with people coming and going constantly. Out of the corner of my eye I could see Justin standing by his car looking at his phone. I let a shudder run through me as I stepped into the blast of cold air that was blowing right inside the entrance to the store, then turned to look at Alexis following behind me. Her face was redder than sun should have made it, her embarrassment obvious. The wind ruffled her blouse, revealing far more than she was comfortable with, but she couldn't do anything about it with her hands behind her back. I straightened her out once she was past the blower, and pulled her off to one side.
"I think that was close to enough punishment, so I will offer you an escape." Her face lit up with hope. "For each inch you are willing to remove from your skirt, I will take off one of your bindings." She looked down at her skirt, and I could see her counting things in her head. It was already mid thigh, so she didn't have too much to work with. If she took everything off, it would leave her skirt at about 6 inches, and that would only just barely cover her if she slid it down low enough that the sides of her thong would be showing, and any breeze would show everything. "So, how many bindings do you want removed?" I asked, cutting across her thoughts.
"Err... I think 3? If you take off the rope tying my hands together, and my wrist cuffs, I can afford to lose three inches off the skirt." She looked nervously up at me.
"Very well." I said neutrally, as I untied her arms, and unclasped the cuffs. I slipped them into my bag, then handed her the long scissors. "There is a bathroom over there, but I want to see the cloth you cut off. I can't have my slave trying to pull a fast one on me to escape her punishment." She took the scissors, and slipped into the bathroom. I waited outside by the drinking fountain.
She emerged a few minutes later, and pressed several strips of cloth into my hands, then dropped her arms to hold her skirt into place. I looked at the clothes, then realized she must have made several three inch cuts along the bottom of the dress, then cut in between them to prevent a repeat of what happened last time. I dropped them into the trash can, then slipped the scissors into my bag with a grin. "Good girl. Lets go see what interesting things we can find in the mall." And I pulled her along for some window shopping.
I didn't add any other challenges to her for the first hour or two we wandered the mall. We just wandered through the stores, looking at the clothing, or the jewelry, or the makeup. Alexis was constantly fighting with her skirt, If she let it sit comfortably on her waist, then it would creep over the curve of her ass if she bent over. If she tried to slide it down to her hips, she was flashing her whale tail and still had to beware of the air conditioning ducts in the floor, which would cause the light material to billow up around her like Marilyn Monroe.
I knelt next to her to look at something on a low shelf, sliding my hand up her leg, ostensibly for stability. I let it slide higher and higher, until I could feel the arousal dripping down. I grinned, letting my fingers trace even higher until they caressed her wet petals, and I kissed her on the side of her knee. I stood up, letting my hand flip her skirt up in the back. She flinched, then looked up at me, starting to say something. I silenced her with a kiss to the lips. As my lips touched hers, I realized this was the first time I had done that to one of my girls. And then I realized I was already considering Alexis one of my girls. My bewilderment let the kiss linger longer than I had intended, but I pulled away as she was leaning in for more.
"I just needed to be sure you were enjoying this just as much as I am, my pet." I said quietly, and then I felt the sadistic side of me rising up again. "Now, go lose another inch off the skirt." I said, passing her the scissors. She looked up at me incredulously, but slipped away to do the deed without a word.I think one more inch may be as far as I can get away with.I thought.I mean, I don't want to get kicked out of the mall.I let my mind wander, imagining her striding though a crowd, naked except for my collar around her neck, beautiful and proud. It was a tempting fantasy, but it couldn't happen tonight. I had to force the muscle to relax again, as it had slowly been tensing up at the fantasy image. This was definitely harder to do after several hours, but I still felt confident I could keep it up.
She came back, her skirt pulled low around her hips, and the straps of her thong clearly visible. Even from a distance I could see her thighs glisten in the bright lights of the mall, slick with her own desire. She returned to my side, and I let her lead the way as we explored more shops. I let my hand rest on the small of her back, feeling the sway of her hips as she walked. We talked about whatever, from pointing out the random nick-knacks the shop was trying to sell, to talking about what movies we were excited to see.
Eventually, I glanced at the clock and realized it was almost 7. "Alright, Alexis, the night is nearly done. But before we move on to the next activity, I need you to do a couple things." I had pulled her close to me, my arm wrapped tightly around her waist. "I need one last inch off your skirt, but I also think your shirt could use one more change." She looked up at me, a little worried, but also very excited. "I need you to remove the sleeves, and then slide them off your shoulders, so it is hanging off your breasts, kind of like a peasant blouse I think it is called? Keep them covered, but I want to be able to see your bare shoulders. I think that would look delightfully sexy. Wouldn't it, my pet?" I whispered down to her, sliding the scissors back into her hand.
"Whatever you want, my Master." She whispered back. I leaned down to kiss her, then patted her on her bottom to send her off. She slipped off to the bathroom, and pulled out my phone while I waited. I had a couple texts from Felicia and Ivy, but it didn't look urgent. Still, I had time, so I opened them up.
You're servant awaits you, Master.said Felicia, accompanying it with a picture of her kneeling naked on the floor of what I I was reasonably sure was my house.
I am ready to receive your command, Master.This one was from Ivy, also paired with a picture of her, kneeling naked on the same tile, but this time I could see the cabinets.
How may your slave assist you?The same text came from both of them.
I took a deep breath. If they were breaking into my house, I would need to give them a talking too. On the other hand, this might just be something I could use.
We will need to discuss entering my residence without permission, slave. However your Master is lenient today, as you may prove useful. I need the master bath filled by 9pm and add some bubbles. As hot as the water will go. Have the other slave lay out some meat, cheese, and crackers in the kitchen. You will do this and be out of the house no later than 9:10. I do not want to see either of you this evening. Is this understood?I sent that to Felicia, then a quickFelicia has your ordersto Ivy. A few moments later I had their response.
As you command, Sir.
Consider it done.
I slipped the phone into my pocket, and waited a few more minutes for Alexis to return. I was beginning to worry when I saw her head poke around the corner of the bathroom entrance, and her eyes met mine. She looked nervous, but as she held my gaze she steeled herself, and stepped forward. Her skirt was dangerously short. It was riding as low on her hips as she could make it, and it still only barely covered her panties. The left side crept even higher, showing off her upper thigh.She must have slipped while trimming that side.I thought, although my gaze was quickly drawn to her chest. She was leaning back slightly, thrusting her bosom forward, and the shirt was barely covering her tiny bra. With the sleeves gone, and the shoulders slid down over her arms, she was showing off every curve she had.
She walked slowly and carefully, and I soon realized why. When she reached me, I pulled her into a hug, only for the shirt to slide off of her right breast, leaving it only covered by the thin lacy bra. This made her blush deeply, but she kept her determined look. I let my hand slide down and caress her breast, then I pulled the shirt back over it to cover her up.
"Very good, my pet. Did you have a little trouble trimming the skirt again?" I asked, my hand now settling on her left hip, and playing with the strap of her thong. She nodded, but didn't say anything. "Well, we only have one more thing to do before we are home, and I don't think many people will be looking at you while we do it." I lead her back out to the car. It was starting to cool down, but the sun was still up, so it was still hot. When her shirt fell off her breasts on the way I held her hands, keeping her from fixing it. The only thing holding the shirt on at all was the knot that held it closed below her boobs.
I opened the door, and helped her into the car, then climbed into the driver's seat. I looked over at Alexis, then closed my eyes, debating internally. I had been fighting to keep my power relaxed, but it was as if the power was working against me now. I kept having sadistic, or domineering ideas flowing through my head, pushing me to go ever further. My inner freak won out this time, and I gave her an other challenge. "Alexis, I need you to take off your bra and panties, then pleasure yourself the whole way to our destination, but you can't cum. Just get yourself as close as possible."
She nodded, then reclined the seat back a little as she undid her bra. I had a great view of her brown nipples as she pulled her arms out of her shirt, then removed the bra, and tried to set her shirt back into place. Her panties came off easily enough, and I slipped both undergarments into my bag and watched as she started to touch herself before I started the car, and pulled out of the parking lot.
It was definitely distracting to have an Alexis moaning next to me, but I did my best to arrive at the theatre safely. I definitely got a few admiring looks from people in trucks who could see what she was doing, but she kept her eyes closed pretty much the whole way, and most of them stayed quiet as they observed. One particularly rowdy truck was motioning for her to open her shirt as they honked their horn, but I ignored them, and they had to take a right turn soon enough due to the lane they were in.
She barely noticed when I shut off the car, still stroking the petals of her flower vigorously until I opened her door and cleared my throat. Startled, she quickly made sure she was covered, then looked around for her underwear. "Don't worry. You will be just fine without them." I said, offering her my arm as she carefully climbed out of the car.
The cinema was loud and crowded, but I had pre-ordered everything so we could skip most of the line. Our tickets in hand, I picked up the popcorn and two sodas, then lead her to the theatre that was showing the movie I wanted. It was an R rated rom-com that had been out for almost two weeks, so the theatre was fairly empty. I found us seats in the very back row, and we sat down to watch the trailers. A few other couples trickled in, but no one else sat in the back 3 rows at all.
Once the movie started, I set my hand on her thigh. She jumped a little, then relaxed. I left it there for 10 or 15 minutes, then slowly slid it higher every few minutes. About an hour into the film I was pressed against her wet, hot lips, so I turned my hand to cup her mound. She stifled a gasp as I slipped a finger inside of her, and I leaned over to whisper in her ear. "Untie your shirt."
I could feel her loins flex, and a wave of liquid desire further slicked my hand. She brought her hands up to her chest, then slowly untied the the knot. Once this was done I let my other hand explore her chest, playing with her nipples and caressing every inch of her breasts. I applied some pressure to her clit with my palm and she rolled her head back, doing her best to suppress a moan. I shifted my hand, sliding two fingers deep inside her slick and tight pussy.
The pressure of holding back my power all day was definitely wearing on me. I was constantly thinking more and more depraved thoughts about all the girls around me, but especially Alexis. The power wasn't at risk of letting loose, but I definitely was. The feeling of her clenching around my fingers was pushing me further than I had planned on going tonight.
"You are mine. Mine to toy with. Mine to show off as I please." I said in a low growl as I hooked my fingers and dragged them along the sensitive skin of her love tunnel. "Mine to display. And you get off one it, don't you." She nodded, biting her bottom lip to keep from moaning in pleasure. "You love it when I slowly take away your clothes, when I leave you exposed for all to see." My hand left her breast to pull her shirt fully off her body, and I tossed it to the seat next to us. "You want more, don't you? You want to submit to me, to let me take you. To be my slave. But you want to do it of your own free will, don't you."
She nodded again. "Yes, Master, I do." She moaned out as quietly as she could.
"You want to have a special place by my side. To be better than my other slaves. They were taken, but you gave yourself freely, isn't that right." I said, pulling my hands from her to remove her skirt, leaving her naked in the back of the theatre. "You think you deserve something more." My hand plunged deep inside her, then I brought it to her mouth and she sucked the fingers deep, her tongue cleaning them as quickly as she could. "So, my naked slut, why should I accept you, when you are the one who has been getting all the pleasure?" I said as I curled my fingers into her hair, then dragged her off her seat to the floor in front of me. "Show me how that mouth can be of use to me."
Her hands flew to my waistband and I lifted myself up so she could pull my pants down to my ankles. As soon as my rigid cock was free, her mouth dove onto it, all thoughts of the movie forgotten. She was forcing my full length into her mouth and throat, making a sloppy sound that I was sure would have been heard if the movie hadn't just burst into a montage with a loud 80s song. I pulled her back by her hair, and her eyes looked up at me, her mouth still wrapped around me. I put a finger across my lips, then relaxed my arm, letting her head drop down until her lips were against the base of my rod.
She was a little quieter now, spending more time letting my penis sit in her throat, rather than rapidly forcing it in and out of her mouth. When she needed to breath she would slide me along her lips, or work my tip shallowly in her mouth for a bit. I removed my hand from her hair so that I could undo her braid. with the rest of her apparel in shambles I wanted her messy hair to add to the image. It took some time to carefully undo the tight braid that reached halfway down her back. The whole time I worked on her hair, she was slobbering on my rod. By the time I reached the silver clasp in her hair I was fighting to hold back my release.
I pulled her off of me so that she would meet my eyes. "I am about to cum. Hold the first mouthful, then let me cover you with the rest." I said, pushing her back down as soon as she started to nod. Her tongue went to work, caressing my tip as her hands worked the shaft. I let the wave overtake me, and I started pumping into her mouth. After the first two jets, she slipped my dick out, and I sprayed across her eye and down her cheek, then across her neck and breasts with the rest of it.
I looked down at her, covered in my batter, and I mimed for her to open her mouth. She did, using her tongue to play with the white substance, a little leaking out and dripping down her chin. I closed her mouth with a gentle finger under her chin, and whispered for her to swallow it, then I watched the muscles in her neck flex as she took it deep inside her. She moved to wipe her face, but I stayed her hands, and brought her hair in front of her, and started cleaning her up with that. She took over, using her long silky hair to remove the streaks of cum that adorned her body. Once she was at least mostly dried I helped her back up into her seat, and resumed playing with her dripping sex.
The rest of the movie passed quickly enough. We had missed enough of the plot that several seemingly funny jokes were lost on us, but the antics at the end were still enjoyable. As the credits rolled, the lights came up, and Alexis suddenly realized she was naked. She fell to the floor covering herself as best she could. I grinned a little, and passed her clothes to her.
"Thank you, sir." She said fervently, trying to slip her clothes on without raising above the seat-backs in front of her. She struggled with the shirt, but I pulled it up to sit normally on her shoulders, rather than around her arms. We quickly made our way out to the car, getting lots of looks from the other people due to her messy looking and matted hair and dangerously short skirt.
The drive back was uneventful, and I managed to cool down. I didn't look over at her, keeping my eyes on the road, and I was able slowly force my mind back to a state of normality, no longer flooded with images of her naked and on display, or serving me in the most degrading ways. I was starting to regret the theater when I pulled into my driveway around a quarter past 9.
I didn't see either of the girls cars, so I figured we should be good. I dug through my bag of tricks one last time and pulled out a blindfold, which I put on Alexis before letting her into the house. "Trust me for a little while longer." I said, pulling her across the threshold. "We still have things to do, but let's relax a little first." I said, gently removing her shoes and socks, then the cuffs that still wrapped around her ankles. I lead her into another room, and I slipped her shirt off of her, then unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor, leaving her naked except for the collar. "Step out of that, then follow me." I lead her to the stairs, then paused. "We are going up stairs, so be careful, then I slowly let her find her way up, feeling each step with her bare feet.
With the stairs conquered I led her into the master bathroom, and to the jacuzzi style tub that my parents had put in. I tested the water through the thin layer of bubbles. It was hot, but it shouldn't scald her. I placed her hand on the edge, then helped her in, admiring the shape of her butt as she bent over. "Relax here for a bit, and get yourself clean, but don't remove the blindfold yet." I whispered.
She entered the hot water slowly, then let herself sink into it until it covered everything but her head as she leaned against the back wall. She let out a long sigh as she adjusted to the hot water, and I stepped quietly out of the room. I went to the other bathroom, and took care of my own business. A full soda went great with the popcorn, but it runs through you. I wanted to give her 15 or 20 minutes alone up there, so I wasn't rushing. I slipped into the kitchen to find that Ivy had left out a large platter with slices of cheese, meats, and crackers of a couple kinds. I took that with me, then went back upstairs to the bathroom. Alexis was carefully rinsing her hair, and I admired her for a moment, then I set the tray gently on the wide granite counter next to the tub. I slipped out of my clothes as quietly as I could, standing naked next to the frothy water. I waited until she had finished with her hair, and returned to lounging in the bubbly water.
"I am coming in there with you." I said, causing her to jump a little, turning her head to search for me in spite of the blind fold. I entered the water with a small splash, then shifted her around until she was leaning against my chest. I let her relax against me for a minute, relishing in the sensations of the hot water and her smooth skin pressed against me. My member definitely appreciated the sensations, as it firmed up and I had to relax my power once more. I wasn't sure if it was the release in the movie theater or the time I had to cool off, but I felt much more in control again. I dipped my hands into the water and grabbed her as low as I could, somewhere around mid thigh. I dragged my hands up her body slowly, my firm grip tracing grooves in her soft skin that quickly smoothed over as I pulled her into me. I had to flip my grip as I got to her ribs, so I pressed inwards, gripping her breasts, then letting one hand work it's way gently over her neck and lift the blindfold from her eyes.
"You did wonderfully tonight." I said, leaning her forward so I could massage her shoulders. "You did everything I asked of you, without complaint. Even the punishment I gave you was probably unjust, but you took it like a champion. And you were right. It did add a special thrill to know that you were doing this of your own volition." My hands had worked their way up to her neck, easing out all the stress and pressure from the day. "I loved watching you, seeing the pleasure fight with the shame. Seeing you your face as I gave you a challenge, and you would realize the implications, then nod and do it anyway." I was speaking slowly as my fingers began working her ears, paying special attention to her earlobes.
"You were so hot as you slowly transformed from a prim and proper woman, ready to make her way in the world." My hands dropped down, and started massaging the front of her shoulders, just above her breasts. "Into my personal slut, on display for the world, for whoever I wanted to see you. You were so perfect, and I don't think you even noticed half the people I saw, lusting after what they can't have, but I do." I moved lower, sliding my hands under her armpits to massage her breasts. "All those people who can only dream of having what I have. Someone willing to give me everything, no matter what I ask. And you love it too, don't you?" She was panting heavily now, her head rolled back onto my shoulder.
"I do." She breathed out, tickling my ear.
"You would do it for me? Surrender yourself? Become mine?" I let one hand slide down to her tender folds to push her over the edge. "You would cum for me? Bare your deepest desires before me? Be mine however I want you?"
"Oh! Yes! Derek! Yes! Anything!" Her voice was getting higher and louder as she grew closer to her climax, then a flick across her clit sent her over the edge. "Oh! MY! GOD! YES! DEREK! I WOULD DO ANYTHING TO BE YOURS!" She screamed out as she bent backwards suddenly, sending water splashing over the walls of the tub.
I held her against me as she relaxed. It took some time before she was aware of the world around her. Once she was, I helped her out of the bath and into the shower to clean the bubbles off our bodies. While the water drained from the tub I saw that the platter of snacks had been doused in the splashing water, ruining it.Oh well. Best laid plans of mice and men, as they say.
"Well, Derek, that wasn't quite how I had planned the evening to go once we got back to your house, you know." She said, running her hands down my torso to help rinse the bubbles off my abs, and then not so subtly sliding along my still hard shaft. "I believe I made some promises about what I was going to show you."
I looked down at her and smiled. "Yes, but you aren't the one in control for today. I am. And this is how I wanted things to play out." I could see the tiredness in her eyes she was trying to hide. She had been kept in a state of arousal all day. I had already had my fun today. I caressed her cheek, realizing that I no longer had the desire to push her any further along. She had shown me all day long how far she was willing to go. "You have done everything I asked, and pushed yourself farther than I should have ever made you. Get some rest. In the morning I can take you to get your car."
"You don't wish for me to relieve your stress, Sir?" She asked, one hand twisting gently around the head of my penis as the other worked up and down the shaft. "You do not wish for one final release before bed? I am sure it would help you sleep better." She had on a playful grin that hid all the signs of her exhaustion.
I didn't answer right away.I definitely want to keep Alexis around in the future. My feelings have definitely moved past just a crush. There is something about her that just exudes strength. Even when she is at her most submissive, I can tell it is her choice, not mine, that matters. And I LIKE that. She may be my slave today, but she is still an equal. But even as far as I pushed her today, she is offering so much more. But I feel like I am walking a fine line. I may have been in control of my powers in the theatre, but I wasn't in control of myself. It was just supposed to be a chance to get her naked in public, not me getting a blowjob.I let the feeling of her hand roll over me for a few more strokes, then I reached down and grabbed her wrist, stopping the motion.
"Sir?" She asked, her hand still trying to stimulate me as much as she could with it held in place. Her pert breasts pressed into my chest and arm as she leaned closer. Her playful tone had given way to nervous trepidation.
I took a deep breath, then reached behind her to shut off the water. "Not tonight. I'm going to go to bed, and I suggest you do the same. You look exhausted." I stepped away from her, and her hands fell to her sides. I thought I saw a tear slide down her face, but it might have just been a droplet of water. We dried off in silence, and I wrapped the towel around myself. "Come on, I'll show you where you can spend the night, and we can talk in the morning."
I can't have our first time having sex be part of this game. She deserves better than that.