She gave up her ass, let me beat it with my belt just so I would make her squirt again. After that night, Jackie was true to her word and contained her bitch fits. Well, most of her bitch fits. She never complained again about me being dismissive of her feelings, smacking her ass or calling her a slut or anything else when we were fucking.
She also started spending increased time at my place. More of her clothes appeared in what used to be Angie's closet along with hair care products and other stuff in the bathroom.
Because I spent so much time in Germany, I had a several security cameras installed around and, in my house, long before I met Jackie. Most focused on the entry ways. Three were inside, one in the living room that took in the TV, sofa and front door. One in the kitchen looking out the back door. And one in the upstairs hallway that viewed the entrances to the bedrooms and bathroom. Using the cameras, I could tell that Jackie was living in my place the entire time I was in Germany. She never asked and I never let her know about the cameras. I could tell from the cameras that she worked to hide evidence of her stay before I got home.
Everything was good until one Friday night when Jackie came over unannounced after attending a happy hour with her coworkers. She was in a foul mood mostly because she and her roommate had been arguing. She made a few sarcastic remarks to me which I tried to ignore mostly because she was in this very short skirt. My day had been dreadful, but I chose to watch the Yankees, eat some cheese and crackers, and drink a bottle of wine. It had been a long week and I just wanted to relax my way into the weekend.
Jackie started bitching about the Yankees and how I was more interested in some silly boys playing baseball than her problems. I lost it, grabbed her hands, and was trying to yank her over my knee. Instead, she ended up straddling my left leg. I started slapping her ass. Her skirt had flipped up and the thong was doing little to shield her bare flesh from my hand. I began scolding her for taking her bad day out on me. She was fighting and yelling to let her up, she was "not in the mood," and "who the fuck did I think I was."
When both ass cheeks had a nice red glow, I noticed that Jackie was not fighting me anymore, but was grinding her cunt against my thigh and using my slaps to help her hump me. I dumped the cheese off the cutting board and began using it as a paddle.
I growled into her ear, "I told you I was not going to put up with your bitch fits."
"I am sorry daddy; I need to be punished. Please do not stop."
She was making sure every slap drove her cunt harder into my thigh. Instead of trying to protect her ass, her hands were now pinching her nipples. She was close and I knew it.
"Come for me bitch, show daddy what a horny slut you are."
Jackie began squirting all over my thigh. I had gym shorts on so I could feel her juices dripping down my leg and onto my feet.
"What a slut," I said, "Making yourself come by humping my leg. Do you hump your pillow when you are home?"
A hard slap with the cutting board brought on another squirt and a yes from Jackie.
"And what about toys? Do you fuck yourself with some toys when you are home?"
Again, a hard slap brought another squirt and a yes from Jackie.
"And what about at work? Do you use toys or just your fingers?"
I did not know if Jackie masturbated at work and was surprised when she told me that she mostly just used her fingers but carried a small vibrator in her purse. That confession brought on a gusher and Jackie collapsed on the floor.
After a short nap, Jackie began stirring. I poured a couple of glasses of wine, and she gulped hers down. She was looking very embarrassed, but I was not going to let her off the hook.
"Tell me how often you masturbate."
After a brief pause, she said, "God, I cannot believe I told you that I masturbate. The answer depends on how often we have sex. Usually once a day when I do not see you, sometimes more often, sometimes I masturbate before I come over when I am at work. A lot has to do with my cycle."
"Do you use a vibrator when you are at work?"
"Not when other people are there, then I just use my fingers. The vibrator is too noisy. You know I work late once a week to do inventories and schedules. So, when no one else is there, I am not worried about the noise."
"Where?"
"If other people are there, I'll use a stall in the lady's room. I like to experiment when I am alone. My desk, an examination table or one of the doctor's offices. It is only alone once a month and sometimes the janitor is there so that does not happen very often."
"And what are you fantasizing about?"
"Different things but my longtime favorite has always been someone or others watching me. They are telling me what to do, pinching my tits or pulling my legs apart, making me spread myself open so they can see into my pussy."
While she talked, I could tell she was getting turned on and so was I. She pulled off her dress and thong while I slid off my gym shorts. I sat back down on the couch, Jackie straddled me and the slid my cock into her cunt, then she gently began a rocking motion.
Jackie continued, "They call me all sorts of names, like slut and whore. Some laugh at me. The men take out their cocks and start jerking off, the women shove the fingers into their cunts and start masturbating too. Some men take turns making me suck their dicks, the women make me lick their clits or their fingers. Eventually the men come on me or in my mouth. Lately, after you taught me how to squirt, the women come on me too."
"Are these strangers or people you know?"
"Both, sometimes I do not recognize the faces. Sometimes it is the people I work with or people I knew in college or where I use to work."
"You fantasize about masturbating for the nurses, doctors and janitor where you work?"
"Not the older nurses, but the younger ones and the doctors."
Jackie was now riding up and down my dick, each time she slid up, she was squirting again. Her fantasy had me on the edge and I was soon coming too. We headed off to bed. I dreamed of Jackie masturbating for me. I dreamed of being an observer of one of her fantasy sessions, watching her spread herself for them, watching her suck different cocks and lick pussy.
I thought it was the dreams that had my cock so hard when I awoke, but I found Jackie licking my cock.
She paused and said, "I cannot believe I told you my darkest fantasy." Jackie than mounted my cock and slowly lowered herself onto me.
"How long has that been your fantasy?"
"As long as I can remember, some of the specifics have changed and the faces of course. The involvement with women did not come about until my college years."
"Did you have a relationship with a woman while you were in college."
"Yes, my roommate caught me masturbating with a dildo one night. I was trying to hide from embarrassment, but she pulled my legs apart and licked me to an incredible orgasm. I hesitated when she wanted me to return the favor and she threatened to show the other girls the dildo I was using."
"I am sure there were other girls that had dildos."
"Yes, but this one was black. It was originally a joke from my fiancé. So, I returned the favor. We had sex several more times that semester."
"I would love to watch you with another woman."
I flipped her onto her hands and knees and entered her from behind.
Jackie said, "No."
"Why? I could be fucking you just like this, nice and slow. While I was fucking you, you could have your face buried in her pussy. Such a kinky little slut for daddy."
Something about this talk was getting her very hot.
"You like being slutty in front of people, maybe some cock sucking too, or watching you being double teamed."
I continued suggesting other kinky ideas and soon Jackie was squirting again, and I followed shortly after.
We were snuggled under the covers when she said, "That kind of kinky talk does turn me on, but I would never do anything with someone else. I do not think I could."
"That is good, because I would never share you with someone else, male or female. Call me old fashioned but three is a crowd."
Jackie smiled, gave me a kiss and fell back to sleep.
Jackie's behavior had me troubled. She always came off as this shy, inexperienced woman. After all, I was only the second man to fuck her. I liked that after dealing with my cheating wife. Her exhibitionist behavior seemed out of character for her, but I was not complaining. We all have sex drives, and I was glad she learned to satisfy her needs with a dildo instead of sleeping around, but her fantasy was very erotic. Jackie was not as innocent and naïve as she pretended to be.
Jackie came home again in a bitchy mood a couple of weeks later. This was another unannounced visit and again she ended up straddling my leg while I beat her ass with her sandal. Jackie ripped her blouse open and started mauling her tits.
Her ass had a nice glow to it when I said, "You are just a submissive bitch that likes to have her ass beat? You licked that girl's pussy because you like being told what to do."
"Yes, I like when you beat my ass, I like when you make me do things, I will do anything you want."
Jackie came more than I ever saw before. She was squirting on my leg like a fire hose. It was hard to believe the amount of liquid that came out of her. The couch was soaked, the carpet was soaked, my shorts were soaked. She passed out after she was done.
Jackie awoke twenty minutes later and sucked down a glass of wine.
She said, "Sometimes I cannot believe what I tell you."
"What, that you are a submissive slut?"
"I am not a slut, maybe your slut, but not a slut in the general meaning of the word."
"But you like to be told what to do."
"Yes, but only with you."
"Why were you in a bitch mood when you came in?"
"I do not have a place to live at the end of the month. I just assumed I could move in here, but we never really discussed it and now there is no time to find a place."
"We have never discussed it because you tried to hit me several times and left a nasty bruise on my face once. Hitting your significant other is never okay."
Jackie started sobbing and muttering sorry and something else unintelligible.
"Your right," she said, "And if it had been the other way around, I never would have spoken to you again. But I am past that now. It will never happen again, I promise."
We sat there staring at each other for several minutes. God, those pretty brown eyes and her tits were barely concealed by the remains of her blouse. I caved and agreed to a three-month trial period. With a borrowed van, we went to her place that weekend to get the rest of her stuff. I finally realized that she had already moved most of her stuff into my place and we did not need a van.
Sex was great as I continued to push Jackie's submissive boundaries.
Jackie worked in a bad neighborhood adjacent to an old hospital. In the daylight you could tell the area had been grand at one point with stately mansions surrounding the hospital but the area two blocks away was filled with burned out houses, vacant lots, and pawn shops. I started driving Jackie to work on the nights when she had to work late so she would not have to commute home that late by herself. On my way to pick her up one night I saw an adult bookstore advertising novelty items. I was early so I stopped in and looked around.
The bookstore had or the usual stuff, like movies, booths and a large collection of toys. There was also a nice bondage section. I purchased a leather paddle designed to make more noise than pain and a collar with a leash.
Jackie skipped happy hour that Friday and came straight home. As usual for Friday, she had little girl panties and a training bra visible under her scrubs with her hair done up in pigtails. I ordered her onto her hands and knees on the dining room table. I pulled down her pants just enough to show her panties were covered in little butterflies.
"What a slut" I said, "Making yourself look like a little girl to give some old men a thrill. How many times did you masturbate thinking about making them hard?"
"Three times." she said in a moan.
I gave her three good smacks with my new paddle. At first, she seemed shocked by the loud noise, then she arched her back giving me better access to her ass. I noticed that her top was loose, and I could clearly see that matching training bra underneath that barely covered her breasts.
"Did you let the men look down your top?"
"Yes!"
"And what about the doctors?
"Yes!"
I stopped smacking her ass and put the collar around her neck. Jackie did not object. I started working my thumb into her ass while yanking on the leash.
"When did you become an exhibitionist?"
Jackie hesitated to answer so I pulled my fingers out, grabbed the paddle and gave her a smack on each cheek.
"My husband got me started, but that was before he asked me to marry him. He always wanted me to wear short skirts or short shorts. At first it was just around his apartment and then it was when we went out."
"Did he make you flash other men?"
"Yes."
Jackie was moaning now as my thumb explored her ass.
"Now how could he make you do that?"
"He would do it. He would lift the back or front of my skirt up if we were in a club on a dance floor. In the beginning I did not notice, but once I caught my reflection in a mirror and saw my bare ass cheeks. I tried to push my skirt back down, but he would not let me. I ended in a big fight, and we did not speak to each other for a week. After agreeing to let him flash me sometimes, we got back together. It always made him so hard."
"After that, he made me flashed delivery men, valets, gas station attendants. If we were driving somewhere, I had to take my top off or at least unbutton it. He never wanted me to wear a bra or panties. When we went away on trips, he would remove all my underwear from our luggage, and he threw all my bras away after we were married."
"But did it make you wet?"
"Not at first, but at some point, I began to enjoy it. He noticed right away when my panties were soaking wet when we got to his place. And then he kept pushing me. He also liked taking picture of me whenever he had me on display, like showing him my tits or pussy in the park."
With my thumb still buried in her ass, I reached down and began to gently rub my fingers along her slit. She was wet and I believe telling me about her flashing was making her excited. I told her to play with her tits. She quickly began to pinch and twist her nipples.
"He loved to lift my skirt when I did not have any panties on whenever we were in a bar or fondle my bare pussy or ass. When he did that, I would stroke his cock through his pants to see how hard he was. He liked to take me to topless beaches on the islands and watch me walk around topless."
"Was that your favorite, being exposed on vacations?"
"Yes, letting him flash my ass or pussy when we were away was easier than when he did it at home, because I would never see those people again and I could just enjoy it. I would think about that when I masturbated."
"The topless beaches took some getting used to, but he threw away the tops my bikinis. Showing my tits off to everyone was so naughty. Then he took me to an island club that had nude beaches and he had removed all my bikinis from our luggage. All I had was some see through coverups."
"And did being naked in front of all those people get you wet?"
Jackie screamed a yes as she came all over the dining room table. We headed over to the couch, grabbing a couple of glasses of wine on the way. Once we were comfortable, I gave a yank on the leash and told her to continue.
"As I got more comfortable with exposing myself, the quicker It would make my pussy wet and my nipples hard. My husband would whisper things about how I was making all the men hard, especially the black waiters. He wanted me to look at their crotches to see which one had the biggest cock. At first, I refused, but then he called it a harmless game and I should quit being so stuck up."
"He came from money, and he always had a lot, so he liked us to run down to the islands whenever we could. I certainly enjoyed the islands, but he kept getting weirder. One time he took us to a sex club, everyone was expected to shack up with other people. No one seemed to care where they were fucking, I told him I was leaving and left the second day of our seven-day trip. He stayed. We had a big fight when he got home. I insisted that I was not going to have sex with anyone else. We went back and forth for an hour. Finally, he agreed but insisted that I stop being such a prude and allow him to show off my beautiful body. I agreed if we were away someplace."
"He promised no more sex clubs and our next trip was to a different nude beach club. He continued with his talk about which waiter had the biggest cock and I played a long. I finally picked one of the waiters. I was shocked when he called him over and offered the guy $50 to show me his cock. The guy pulled out this monster. I was so embarrassed. That night when we were having sex, my husband kept asking me if I wanted to touch the waiter's cock, or would I suck it, or would I let him fuck me with that big cock. In the morning I was mad and asked him if he really wanted to see his wife with another man. He assured me that it was just a game, and I should quit being frigid."
"That kind of behavior just got crazier. Whenever we went out, whether at home or on vacation, he would complain that my skirt was not short enough, or it was not sexy enough or I was not showing enough cleavage. He would remind me that I had agreed to let him show me off."
"It boiled over on one of our trips to the islands. We were at some inclusive hotel with nude sunbathing. I decided to go topless but kept my bottoms which started a series of arguments with my husband. I was almost asleep lying on my back next to the pool, when I heard my husband talking to someone. At first, I thought it was a just waiter, but the conversation was taking too long. Bits and pieces were drifting in when I realized they were talking about my tits and my husband was telling some man how hard my nipples got when I flashed people."
"I sat up and looked at my husband and who he was talking to. The stranger turned out to be a tall, handsome black man. My husband introduced Francois and explained that they had met on-line some time ago. Then my husband suggested that I let Francois apply some sunscreen to my chest, so I did not get burned. I politely declined, grabbed my stuff, and headed back to our room."
"About an hour later my husband came back to our room and started giving me shit about being rude to his friend. Of course, I insisted that I was not rude, and I was very polite when I declined his offer to let a stranger to feel up my tits. He went back to accusing me a being a prude, the same argument we have had since the beginning of our relationship. As always, the argument ended in a stalemate to which he said that Francios was taking us out to club for dinner and dancing, and that I had better be nicer to his friend. A friend I had never heard of before."
"While getting ready for dinner, my husband insisted that I wear the shortest dress I had and refused to let me wear any panties. Of course, he had thrown away all my panties while I was showering. He kept insisting that he wanted to impress Francois with what beautiful wife he had. I was beginning to believe he had other plans."
"At dinner, I ended up sitting in between my husband and Francois, who was constantly trying to peek down my blouse. My husband kept pulling up the hem of my dress, exposing more of my legs. Francois decided to rest his hand on my thigh which kept me from pulling my skirt back down. I could not enjoy the meal as I battled to keep Francois' hand from sliding under my skirt. I complained to my husband who decided to lift the hem of my dress, exposing my pussy to Francois. I was trying to pull my dress back down while both men were trying to pull my legs apart, my husband told me to stop being a prude and let Francois see my beautiful cunt. So, I let them. Francois wanted me to pull my cunt lips apart and show him how wet my slut pussy was. My husband was telling me to feel Francois's cock."
"Instead, I excused myself to go to the lady's room where I called a cab to take me to the airport. I had already checked the flight schedule when my husband was in the shower. I had a twenty-minute wait for the cab."
"My husband wanted to dance when I got back to the table. The dance turned into a groping session. We danced right in front of our table and my husband kept flashing me to Francois. After the song was over, it was Francois's turn to dance with me. He took every opportunity to play with my bare ass and pussy. He kept pulling the top of my dress down exposing my breasts. All of this was in clear view of my husband and several men who were standing behind our table. My husband just sat there with a stupid grin on his face. This was the first time in years that someone besides my husband had slid a finger into me pussy."
"I insisted on a break from dancing with Francois and checked my phone when I got back to the table. My cab had arrived. After excusing myself to go to the lady's room again, I ran back to our room, grabbed my bag, and headed to the airport. I wondered how long they sat at the table waiting for me to come back from the bathroom."
"When I got home, there were dozens of messages and missed calls from my husband. In some, he was apologetic or concerned about my safety. In others, he was mad that I had embarrassed him in front of his friend. I wanted to find out how my husband met Francois, so I logged onto his computer. He had told me once about his fancy, unhackable password although it took me a few tries to remember it. What I found broke my heart. There were several emails between Francois and my husband. They had met on a cuckold website. My husband wanted to watch someone fuck his wife, preferably a black man with a large cock. Francois had sent my husband pictures of an exceptionally large cock. Here was proof of what my husband had been planning."
"I started scanning the rest of my husband's computer. There was a directory with my name on it, so I opened it and found hundreds of pictures of me naked or almost naked. Some I knew he had taken; others were taken while I was asleep. There were pictures of me in my wedding night lingerie including one where I was sucking his cock."
"There were dozens of directories with other women's names on them. Some of the names I recognized from the hospital that we worked at. Again, those directories contained naked pictures of my coworkers or pictures of my husband having sex with them. He loved taking pictures of women sucking his dick. All those pictures were taken after we were married."
"My entire world had collapsed within the last few hours. Not only did he want me to have sex with another man while he watched, but he had also fucked many of my coworkers. I sat there crying and wondering if he wanted me to have sex with Francois to prove that I was no better than he was."
"While I cried, I noticed that my husband was loading new pictures. There were new pictures of me that I had not known he had taken, pictures of me sunbathing topless, pictures of me showering, and pictures of me sucking his dick. He was also adding pictures from the dinner including a picture of him and Francois pulling my legs apart exposing my pussy. There were dozens of pictures of me dancing with Francois where his black hands were playing with my pussy and ass."
"I started copying the pictures, all of them. I was not sure what I was going to do. Divorce was number one on my list and the pictures could help me. As I was copying the pictures over, my husband was still uploading new ones. I thought he would have been done since I left right after the pictures of me dancing with Francois were taken."
"The next pictures were of Francois and my husband in our hotel room. The picture of my husband sucking a large black cock made me throw up. Was that his plan, that we were both going to have sex with Francois or was he just filling in for me. I could not look at the other pictures but there were many more from that evening."
"I packed my bags and left after I sent my husband copies of some of the pictures with his lovers, including the picture of Francois's cock in his mouth."
"The divorce was easy, and Francois was extremely generous with his support payments. The word blackmail was never mentioned but we both knew what damage I could cause. Many of the women were married and I am sure his family would have disowned him if they saw the Francois pictures."
Somewhere, the conversation had stopped being sexy and turned to something very personal. Jackie said it was the first time she revealed all the details about her marriage and divorce. The she got playful again and handed me the leash that was still attached to the collar she was wearing. Jackie got down on her hands and knees and started kissing my feet.
Jackie said, "I will be your little slut daddy, you can beat my ass when I am bad, and you can fuck it whenever you want. I will be your pet and wear your collar. If it makes you happy, I will expose myself to others. But please do not share me with any other men."
I took the leash and led a crawling Jackie into our bedroom. On the way, I realized she limited the sharing to other men and not just other people. Was she leaving the door open for threesomes with another woman?