Chapter 1 - An offer from Dr. Burnside
Lisa Campbell woke up at 8:30 in the morning. Without bothering to get dressed she opened her drapes and looked out over the campus from her dorm room window. Her shapely bare body was somewhat visible to anyone walking around below, but it was summer break and the campus was almost completely empty. Not that it mattered. The university, all 50,000 students and faculty, had seen plenty of Lisa last fall. There was no point in being modest, and in fact, from Lisa's point of view modesty was an inconvenience.
The young woman contemplated the steam rising off the grass in the bright hot sunshine. Today was May 23rd, but from the looks of the weather, it seemed more like July 23rd. Another scorcher, she thought to herself. Shit. It's not supposed to be this hot, this early. Must be that fucking global warming they're all talking about.
Lisa was not a fan of hot weather, which was why the promise of a hot day put her in a bad mood. It also was one of the reasons she had decided to study in Chicago instead of California, which was where she grew up. She much preferred the savagely cold winters of the Mid-West to the scorching summers of California. Not that it made any difference now, because it was hot all over.
Lisa forced herself to snap out of her mood and glanced over at Ken, her current boyfriend, who was still soundly asleep. She decided to pull the sheet off him to have a better look at his body and the results of last night's round of punishment and sex. Lisa felt a vague mix of trepidation, curiosity, and satisfaction as she contemplated how badly marked up he was. His wrists and ankles had rub-marks where his cuffs had dug into his skin, there were small bruises on his chest and shoulders from where she had pinched him, and she could make out part of a handprint where she had slapped him hard across the face.
However, all of that was nothing in comparison to the condition of his bottom, which was a solid mass of dark welts and bruises. She lightly ran her fingers over the skin, fascinated by the swollen condition of his entire backside. Yes, last night she had worked him over pretty good. She had not planned to go that far with him, but as sometimes happened when she was disciplining him, Lisa's emotions and enthusiasm got the better of her. She had punished him with four implements in a single session: a small leather paddle that normally was used more for sexual arousal than discipline, then a belt, then a wooden paddle, and finally a riding crop. He cried and struggled against the cuffs as she hit him many, many times with each implement. She had worn herself out on him, but afterwards, when she unhooked his cuffs and let him up, he wore himself out on her.
Lisa was quite sore herself, but not from punishment. Her vagina ached and her labia and clitoris were raw from Ken's attentions. Lisa's boyfriend had incredible sexual energy, but that enthusiasm was of no use to anyone if he was not first stripped, humiliated, and beaten. Ken was a true masochist; only a severe whipping could bring out the sexual animal in his soul.
Last night had been good, really good. After the punishment, he had made love to her three separate times, in three different positions. Yes...Ken knew all about positions and how to prolong a good orgasm. Oh yeah, that guy was a real love-machine for any woman who knew how to turn him on and which buttons to push. Lisa had learned that secret back in January and had enjoyed her nights with him ever since.
Lisa's bladder was full, and she decided that she might as well get cleaned up since she had to go to the bathroom anyway. The young woman put on a pair of shower shoes, grabbed a towel, and walked out into the empty hallway of her dorm. She was the only resident remaining on her floor, since everyone else had moved out a week before when the semester ended. She went to the women's bathroom at the end of the hallway, pissed, and turned on the shower. She stepped in and winced as the soap burned the raw skin between her legs. The cruel burning from the soap settled one issue, that no, she most definitely would not try to shave today.
Wow, she thought to herself, we really did over-do it last night. Well, that's good. There's nothing in life like a good fuck. Enjoy it while you can, 'cause you only live once...
Lisa dried herself off and studied her reflection in the mirror. She was pleased by her appearance (she always thought she looked her best after a good round of sex), but also was on the lookout for imperfections. Sure enough, she found a couple of blackheads to pinch out of her cheeks. She cleaned them out and returned to her room, enjoying the feel of the cool air of the hallway as it blew against her body.
She entered and saw Ken still asleep in her bed. Hmm...time to get him up. She twirled the towel, stepped back, and flicked him on the rear with a fearsome SNAP. He jerked awake from the painful crack on his welt-covered skin. He instinctively rolled over and nursed his latest injury with his hands, exposing himself from the front. Lisa addressed him with her normal bedroom vocabulary:
"OK, Bitch-boy, get up! Get your little fag ass out of my bed or I'm snappin' your balls!"
With that she pulled the towel back and positioned it, ready to strike if Ken did not get out of bed immediately. He moved very fast, jumping up and standing at attention before Lisa had the chance to snap him again. He was horribly sore from last night's adventure and that first towel snap had been pure agony. He definitely did not want another one at that moment.
In spite of how things might have looked to someone not familiar with their odd relationship, Lisa really was not being cruel to Ken at all. She was just giving him what he wanted. His penis began to stiffen as he stood straight, quietly anticipating either more punishment or more sex. Lisa reached down and gently massaged him, then dropped the towel and rubbed his swollen backside. She touched her breasts to his shoulder and gently began rubbing up and down with her nipples.
"Yeah, I bet you like that, don't you, you fucking little pervert? I oughta snap you some more, shouldn't I?"
"I like it..."
She slapped him hard across the face.
"God, you're disgusting! Turn around, sicko! Bend over and spread 'em!"
Ken complied, exposing his battered backside for yet more pain and abuse. Lisa picked up the towel and delivered a loud SNAP right at the base, very close to his sphincter. He jerked and went hard immediately, his penis bobbing up and down from a very hard erection. She snapped him viciously a second time, but then stopped.
Lisa, in spite of her own on-going soreness, could never resist a good hard-on. She tapped his shoulder, went on her hands and knees, arched her back, and lewdly exposed herself to her lover.
"Fuck me, you creep! You'd better fuck me good or I'll really give you something to cry about!
There was no need for any further foreplay. Ken positioned himself, grabbed Lisa's thighs, and plunged in. Lisa's body broke out in a sweat and she gasped. Now she would be really sore and would need another shower, but that didn't matter. What mattered for her was the sex and the orgasm of the moment. Ken, his entire body aching from last night's beatings, moved aggressively as pain and soreness combined with pleasure for a truly exquisite release of semen and energy into Lisa's lovely body. This was really, really good.
----------
Lisa returned to the empty women's bathroom, this time with Ken. As much as she might have wanted to do something more to him, there no longer was any time. She had an appointment and already would have to skip breakfast to make it. However, she and Ken took their time as they gently soaped each other's injuries and sore spots, showing care and tenderness that had been totally absent just a few minutes before in her room. She lathered up her hands and softly spread some soap on his purplish ass, then rinsed it off. She finished by gently kissing each side of his swollen bottom and patting it.
He was equally gentle with her, very lightly soaping her raw pubic area to get the KY and semen off her body. Again she winced, because the soreness between her legs was worse than ever, but in a few minutes both of them were clean. They toweled each other off and prepared to face the day. They returned to her room to get dressed.
Ken dressed in his usual loose fitting shorts and university t-shirt, plus a battered pair of slip-on shoes. He wadded up his underwear and stuffed it in his pocket, because there was no way his injured backside would stand any tight clothing pressing against his skin. Even wearing the loose-fitting shorts was pushing it.
Lisa pulled a summer dress over her head and put on a pair of flip-flops. That was it; she planned to go out completely naked under the dress. It didn't matter, because she knew she'd be taking the dress off again in a couple of hours or so. Once her clothes came off, she had no idea how long it would be before she would be allowed to put them back on, so it made sense that she wear a single piece of clothing that was not likely to get lost.
----------
Ken's day would be much easier than Lisa's. He had to visit one his professors and check up on a summer project. He then would go to the library to pick up some books and later kick back and recover from last night's punishment. Hopefully he would turn in early and get a good night's sleep.
Lisa, on the other hand, was very nervous, which partly explained why she had gone overboard punishing her boyfriend the night before. Today she had two appointments that promised to be the beginning of two important turning points in her life.
The first appointment was with her economics professor, Dr, Ruth Burnside. Lisa was not sure what the appointment would be about, although she suspected it was something related to her career in the university. She did not know what Burnside wanted from her, but hoped that it was related to the recent departure of Cecilia Sanchez, the professor's former student aide. Maybe Lisa would be offered a job, which would be great, given that she was still paying out-of-state tuition and had been thinking about taking out a student loan.
Following the appointment with Burnside, Lisa faced another activity that would fill up all of her free time that summer: she was about to become a sorority pledge. The experience of becoming a pledge was guaranteed to be grueling and painful, as well as demanding of her time and energies because of the sorority she had chosen. She was not pledging with one of those wimpy rich-bitch sororities, but instead the Four-Beta Sorority, the sister sorority of the infamous Tri-Alpha Fraternity. The Four-Betas were just as tough on their pledges as were the Tri-Alphas. Lisa had heard stories, now was the day she would find out for herself what the Four-Betas really expected of her.
Ken would begin pledging the Tri-Alphas the following week as a summer pledge himself. There was a reason the women went first, and that was because the female pledges fully participated in the hazing of the male pledges. Lisa and her companions would be tested to make sure they could handle their responsibilities, and, assuming they passed, would help train the male pledges. Ken could relax now, but next week he could expect an experience every bit as grueling as what Lisa would face today.
----------
Lisa led Ken to the commons area of the dorm floor and kissed him goodbye, because men were not supposed to be on the women's wing unescorted. There was no one around to object to Ken walking down the women's area by himself, but out of habit Lisa escorted him out. She returned to her room to pick up her backpack and lock up.
As she left her room for the day, Lisa glanced at the door of the room adjacent to hers. Just a short while before the neighboring room had been occupied by the floor RA, Cecilia Sanchez. Lisa realized that she would miss Cecilia, even though the two women had endured a very tense relationship. Both Lisa and Cecilia had dominating personalities, and each spent the past academic year trying to assert herself over the other as the leader of their small social group. The two young women had been friends, but they also had been rivals in an on-going contest in which Cecilia usually, but not always, came out on top.
Lisa had promised herself that she would do a better job competing with Cecilia during her second year in college. However, Cecilia and her boyfriend suddenly and mysteriously had to leave the United States and had no idea when they would be back. Lisa would not have the chance to test her resolve to get the better of Cecilia this year because her former RA was now in Europe.
There was much more to Lisa's feelings than the lost chance at besting Cecilia, however. Lisa realized that deep down she genuinely liked her rival, because the RA was so blunt and straightforward. Cecilia was not a deceptive person nor one interested in social posturing. Instead, she had spent the past year concerned about helping others as much as possible. She took the failure of any of the residents of her floor as a personal failure against herself and had spent much of her scarce personal time helping students with advice and assistance with coursework. Her efforts paid off, because the second floor of Huntington Hall had the lowest failure rate of any dorm floor on campus for the year. Under her rough façade, Cecilia was the most caring and trustworthy woman Lisa had ever known, in spite of being so hard to get along with. In spite of everything, Lisa would badly miss her.
----------
Lisa walked across the humid campus in the bright morning sunshine, making her way towards the Economics Department. As she entered the air-conditioned building, she began to shiver. Her skimpy clothing was fine for walking around outdoors, but the building's cold air blew up her dress and sent such a chill through her body that Lisa actually checked to make sure she was still covered. She also remembered that, because she was not wearing underwear, she would need to be careful when she sat down and not display herself to the professor.
Dr. Burnside was dressed immaculately, wearing the same business outfit that she always wore at work, whether it was winter or summer. As always, her dark hair was pulled back and tightly done up in a bun. There was no make-up or any other ornamentation on the older woman, nothing at all to detract from the severity of her appearance. Whenever on campus Burnside was all business, regardless of the season or whether classes were in session.
Burnside put out her hand to shake Lisa's hand before asking her to sit down. That was a good sign, because Lisa knew that the professor never offered a seat to a student if the purpose of the meeting was unpleasant. Burnside got right to the point:
"OK, Lisa, I need to know if you've decided on your major."
"Uh, no, Dr. Burnside, I was going to wait 'till this fall."
"Why can't you do it now?"
"I didn't see the point, I mean...why rush?"
"Well, if you give a damn about your future, you need to rush. It's not going to do me any good to have an indecisive piece of fluff floating around my classes. I have an offer for you, but you need to declare yourself an economics major if you want to take it."
"The job you were gonna give Cecilia?"
"Yes. I'm offering you Cecilia's job, as my student aide. Things with Cecilia didn't work out quite like I was hoping, so you lucked out." Burnside sighed and continued: "I'm sure that you're aware that I was planning to make Cecilia my long-term assistant. Until three weeks ago, she was the one I had my eyes on. You'll find out that I like having the same person work under me as long as possible. My ideal set-up is to get someone as a sophomore and keep that same person through graduate school. That way I don't get any stupid little surprises, or if I do, it's only at the beginning. I can deal with them up-front and not worry about screw-ups later on. Well, now Cecilia's gone. No fault of her own, of course, but she's gone, and I need to someone I can trust to replace her. So, are you interested?"
"Sure, Dr. Burnside, that'd be great."
"Good. This takes a load off my mind because I think we know each other and have a good idea what we can expect from each other. If you do well as my student aide, I'll bump you up to Mark's Teaching Assistant job after he defends his dissertation and graduates."
Burnside opened the two folders lying on her desk. One contained the form Lisa needed to sign to declare herself as an economics major. The second folder contained the contract giving her the job as Burnside's student aide. Lisa signed the declaration of major form and reached to sign the student aide form. Burnside grabbed her arm.
"What the hell are you doing?"
"Uh...signing the contract, Dr. Burnside..."
"Without reading it? You're going to just sign a contract without reading it? What's wrong with you?"
Chastened, Lisa read the contract. There was nothing outstanding about it, but she knew that Burnside was right, she would have been very foolish to sign something that important without first reading it. There was one detail that she had not anticipated, that as a student aide she had to get department approval for enrolling in any class outside the major. That was something important to know. Finally Lisa signed and handed the contract back to the professor.
"There's something else, that's not written in the contract you just signed, but that I will hold you to if you ever do anything to piss me off. You understand that I prefer to keep disciplinary matters off the records and handle them in private?"
"Uh...yes Dr. Burnside."
"And you understand what that means? You got a taste of it in February, and if you ever screw up as my aide, more of the same is what you can expect. Agreed?"
Lisa's heart skipped a beat. "I...yes, Dr. Burnside...I...Agreed.
"Good. That's what you can expect working under me. As I said, I like to handle problems in private and not put them people's work records. Hopefully there won't be any unpleasantness between us, but if there is, you've been warned."
"I...uh...yes, Dr. Burnside. I understand..."
There was another issue that Lisa had not expected to have to bring up with Burnside, but now that a signed paper committing her as the professor's employee was sitting on her desk, it possibly could be an issue.
"Dr. Burnside, there is one thing, uh...that I should've told you before I signed the contract."
"What?"
"I'm gonna be pledging with the Four-Beta Sorority this summer. I...I know you don't like 'Greeks' but...my boyfriend's pledging the Tri-Alphas and I..."
"So, we have a sorority girl with us, huh?"
"Yes. At least I hope so, if I get through the initiation..."
"Alright, we'll have to work around that, as long they're willing to work around me. Have the chapter president call me. The Four-Betas are the one sorority I have no problems with."
"So, you're OK with it?"
"As long as it doesn't interfere with your responsibilities to the department, I have no problem with you pledging the Four-Betas. If it were any other sorority, I would have a problem."
----------
Lisa left Burnside's office with her mind in more turmoil than it had been when she went in. She anticipated working under the professor with both excitement and apprehension. She was flattered by the job offer, but at the same time not really surprised. She knew that Burnside had to pick someone to replace Cecilia, and she knew that she was a logical choice. She had the type of personality Burnside liked and had shown herself willing to put up with the woman's unusual ideas about personal and working relationships. Also, it was evident that Burnside liked Lisa, and she knew that the professor only wanted to work with students she felt she could get along with on a personal level.
Lisa understood that there would be some underlying tension between herself and her new boss, because both women had strong personalities. They also had similar sexual tastes, which Lisa suspected was the real reason Burnside wanted her as her assistant. There was a hidden meaning in Burnside's statement "I think we know each other and have a good idea what we can expect from each other". She trusted Lisa because both women enjoyed erotic discipline.
There were two more significant details that stood out about that morning's meeting. First, Burnside had not objected to Lisa's clothing, or lack of it, in her office. The professor understood that while she had a certain style and image she wanted to put forward to the world, her student had a very different self-image that she wanted to put forward. Burnside went for the austere and serious in her personal appearance, while Lisa went for showing off her body. Burnside might have said something had the younger woman's exhibitionism not been genuine, but in Lisa's case that was simply part of who she was.
The other issue was Burnside's warning about what would happen if Lisa "screwed up". Although her new boss had not openly said it, she knew very well what Burnside meant. If Lisa ever made any mistake as the professor's assistant she faced physical punishment. She knew that with certainty, already having endured a session with Burnside's leather switch back in February. She wondered if it would be possible to make it through several years of working under the professor without getting punished at least once...five or six years of assisting Dr. Burnside and not making a single mistake...
Ha! Not very likely.