I recommend reading the previous chapters of this story. If you want to read this chapter anyway, know that this story takes place at Dremeder University, a place where some majors dominate others. Andrea, a math major, is the Mistress of Leah, a sociology major.
***
I made none of the same mistakes of yesterday. I woke up right at six, avoiding punishment from Andrea. I had a class at eight in the morning, so Andrea and I parted ways as soon as we exited the dorm. I waved to the lobby boys as I left.Why were they always in the lobby?I wondered.
My first class was Calculus II. When I entered, I caught Rue sitting near the back. She smiled at me and beckoned me to sit next to her. Rue and I half made up at dinner the other day, but that did not mean I had to be all friendly with her. I turned to sit somewhere away from her but every other seat was either taken or had some sketchy person next to it. Then again, everyone at Dremeder had to be at least a little bit sketchy. Including me. In fact, I was probably high on the sketchiness radar since I was one of the few people who were required to be completely naked.
I sighed and walked over to Rue. Her eyes darted over my naked body as I sat next to her.
"You can stop staring," I said. My collar felt tighter than normal.
She shrugged. "I'm surprised you're in this class. I needed to take Calc I and II for psychology."
A couple more students filled the room. Then a young person walked to the front of the classroom. I thought she was a student until she started speaking.
"My name is Dara Tris," she began. "I'm not a 'Dr.' yet, so just call me Ms. Tris. It would be unfair to the people that have earned the title of 'Dr.' to address me as such, so don't. Anyways, the syllabus... it exists. I'm now going to quickly review limits, though you should already be familiar with the concept from Calc I."
I had already pulled out a notebook and was ready to take notes. Rue, on the other hand, unzipped one pocket of her bag, then rezipped it, then unzipped another pocket, then pulled out a notebook, and rezipped the pocket, then unzipped the first pocket, then pulled out a pencil pouch, then unzipped the pouch and out a pencil, then rezipped the pouch, then put the pencil pouch back in her bag, then rezipped the bag.
"That's enough review. The point is, make sure to respect limits."
By the time Rue settled down, Ms. Tris had already finished reviewing Calc I stuff and was moving on to material for Calc II. Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed that Rue's face was pale and that her pencil was not moving. I had a feeling she was going to struggle this semester.
When class was over, I could see beads of sweat on her forehead.
"Leah, wait up!" she said. I still had some animosity towards her, but I slowed down a bit so that she could catch up. "That was awful. Isodid not expect her to jump right into the concepts. Usually, teachers spend a bit of time talking about the class structure and whatnot."
I just nodded, looking straight ahead as I walked to my next class.
Seeing that I was not talking, Rue branched away from me. "See you later, I guess," she said.
My next class was Sociology 140, which was a class on research methods, surveying, creating polls, and interpreting data. It went without a hitch, as did History 120, which was a whole course on Dimensional History, whatever that means.
I got back to the dorm, waving to the lobby boys before heading up the stairs.Were they ever not in the lobby?In the room, Andrea had left some lunch on my desk. No croissant. I ate it and started working on homework.
For Sociology 101 (my class from yesterday), I had to read a chapter of the textbook, which I was supposed to buy. Instead of buying it, I found a file online. I had not made any progress on reading the day before (since I was sort of out of it). Today, however, I was determined to be productive.
And I was in the zone. I was reading that bootlegged textbook at lightning speeds and retaining the information too. In twenty minutes, I finished the entire chapter, feeling quite proud of myself.
Then came a knock on the door. It was Rue, who also had her bag. She was wearing an absurdly small shirt that left little to the imagination and a skirt of equal absurdity.
She fiddled with her blonde hair. "H-hi..."
"What do you want?" I said, a bit harsher than I intended.
"Have you done the math homework yet?"
I tilted my head. "I haven't started it. It's due in a week, isn't it?"
"Do you want to work on it together?" Rue was bouncing from side to side with her usual bubbly-ness.
"I don't know, Rue. To be honest-"
"I'm sorry for annoying you the other day," she blurted out. "I just- well you know why I did it."
I blinked.
She looked up at me. I was still a bit angry with Rue for calling me worthless and causing me to be denied orgasms, but I got to humiliate and spank her in return. I had to forgive her eventually. Plus, she did seem like a nice person once I looked past her insatiable need to be punished.
Still, I tried to get her to leave my room. "I'm not that good at math either, so I don't know why you'd go to me instead of Stacy, or Andrea for that matter."
"Stacy is busy with something and, well, Andrea scares the daylights out of me."
I almost laughed. I knew that Andrea was a caring person. She was so understanding after I told her about Jillian, consoling me until my headache went away. She only left my side to get dinner for us and motivated me to push forward. But her figure was intimidating, and she was a math major. I also had a feeling that Stacy was getting Andrea to punish Rue. For those reasons, it made sense that Rue feared her. She was not familiar with Andrea's softness like I was.
I sighed, unable to think of another excuse for Rue to leave. "Alright, come in."
She perked up and strolled in the room.
"By the way, what were you and Stacy doing in our room yesterday?" I asked.
Rue plopped down onmybed. "Oh, well I had cum without permission, so Stacy made me crawl to your room and held me down while Andrea lashed me with a crop. But then you came in and... were in a mood... so you kicked us out which meant my punishment wasn't over. I then had to go to class naked - like you always do, heh - except I had my badge on so everyone knew that I wasn't normally supposed to be naked and that I was just being a slut."
"Oh." My suspicions about Andrea helping Stacy punish Rue were confirmed. "Sorry."
"Don't apologize. You know I get off on punishments, and you replaced the pain of the crop with the humiliation of nudeness."How poetic.
I recalled the dinner that I went to with Andrea, Rue, and Stacy. I got the chance to punish Rue for putting the 'slut' stamp on me, but she enjoyed it when I humiliated her, so Stacy encouraged me to spank her instead.
"Anyways, I'm stuck on this problem," Rue said. She pulled out her laptop. "Aren't these curves annoying."
It was a basic 'area between curves' question. I grabbed a notebook and wrote the problem down before explaining, as best as I could, how to solve it. "Okay, well the thing here is we're integrating with respect to y instead of x..."
I gave my best explanation.
Rue scratched her head. "So, this area would be 32, right?"
"Yep."
"That's what I put! But the software says it's wrong."
She shoved her laptop screen in my face. Sure enough, she had entered a '32' on the online software. I squinted at it. "Remove the space after the answer," I said.
She removed the space and hit 'check answer.' A box with a green check appeared on the screen. 'Well done,' it read.
Rue was fuming. "You have got to be kidding me. You're telling me I knew the answer, but the software just didn't like my formatting?"
She started rolling around on my bed. "Stop messing up my sheets!" I said.
She kept writhing, burying herself in my pillow, probably drooling on it. "But that's so wrong! I even lost credit because of that since we only get three attempts per question."
"Whatever, you still didn't really know how to solve it. Besides, Ms. Tris drops the lowest two HW scores anyway."
Rue stopped moving. "She does?"
"Yeah, didn't you read the syllabus?"
"Yes."
I stared at her.
"No..."
"That's what I thought."
Rue went back to messing up my bed, rolling around like a pig in mud. "She's supposed to go over the syllabus on the first day of class, but she just jumped right into the lesson. How is that my fault?"
"Will you stop messing up my bed?" There was moderate disgust on my face. "By the way, you can leave now, right?"
Rue reached her hand out. What was she reaching for? I didn't know.
"Seriously. I have homework for other classes."
"Okay..."
She got up from my bed. But when I went to my desk, I heard Rue's voice again.
"O-oh, Miss Andrea, fancy seeing you here. I was just leaving."
I turned my head. Andrea was standing in the doorway, blocking Rue's exit with her large figure. Rue looked so tiny next to her. She was even smaller than me after all.
Andrea grabbed Rue's chin. "Why don't you stay a bit longer?"
I saw Rue shiver at Andrea's touch. "I don't know if that would be the best-"
"Nonsense! You're always welcome here. Leah doesn't mind. Right?"
Andrea looked at me. I wanted Rue to leave. Deep down, I knew that I should probably get over my repulsion of her. But it wasn't that simple. It should've been. But it wasn't.
"Leah?" Andrea said.
"Yeah... I don't mind at all," I said, even though I minded a lot.
"See? Now, what's up?" Andrea asked Rue.
Rue hesitated before opening her laptop again. "We were going over our math homework-"
"Math homework! Sweet," Andrea said.What kind of psycho hears math homework and goes 'sweet?'
Rue continued. "Y-yeah, and we were reviewing integrals-"
"Integrals! Nice."What kind of pyscho hears integrals and goes 'nice?'"I'm learning about limits in my class."
I was surprised by that. "You're learning about limits?" I asked. "Aren't you in Calc III?"
Andrea laughed as if she knew something we didn't. "Let's just say it is important to respect limits."
I saw gears turning in Rue's head. "I don't think I'll take another math class ever again if that's true."
"Oh, don't be such a baby, Rue. So, did you need help with any problems?"
Rue showed Andrea her screen. "Well, since you're asking, I could use help with this one."
Andrea hopped along with Rue (onmybed!) and offered a very technical explanation. Naturally, she was a lot more confident at teaching than I was.
Rue paused. "Um, Ms. Tris hasn't taught us about that technique yet, Miss Andrea."
Andrea looked confused. "Is Stacy teaching you?"
"No," Rue said. "Our teacher's name is Dara Tris, so we call her Ms. Tris. It just sounds like 'Mistress.'"
"Oh," Andrea said. "You can also use some algebraic manipulation here to make it easier."
I tried my best to zone the two of them out and started doing my assignment for History, which was just reading a primary document and making a post about it on the class forum.
The document was dense, though, and Andrea and Rue talking about calculus in the background was distracting me.
"Ugh, these curves are so annoying!" Rue complained.
"Hey!" Andrea said. "Don't hate on the graphs. They love you. Besides, there are other curves in this room that I could get mad at."
"Huh?"
"You know," Andrea teased. "For being linear."
I guess that's the mathematician's way of calling someone flat-chested.
Rue tried her best to recover from Andrea's crushing blow. "Sorry, Miss Andrea, but at least it would be easy to find the area under these curves on a test," Rue said, rubbing her tiny breasts. "Since the area would just be zero."
"You mean volume," Andrea corrected.
"You're right, Miss Andrea. Thank you for correcting my joke. That makes it way funnier."
I put my forehead on my desk in hopelessness.I'm not going to get any more work done today, am I?
Then they both got quiet. That was strange, but I didn't question it.Finally, some peace, I thought, and returned to the historical document I was reading. Okayso, The Gates opened four hundred years ago-
I yelped as a pair of hands squeezed my breasts.
Anger flared within me. "Rue, you little-"
I turned around to be greeted by Stacy's evil grin. Andrea and Rue laughed. My face flushed.
Stacy spun my chair around, wrapped her arms around me, and squeezed. "How's my little pumpkin doing?"
I'm not a pumpkin!"I-I can't... breathe... The pumpkin... can't breathe..."
Stacy planted her mouth on mine for a deep kiss. I felt the air leave my lungs. I let my arms sag to the side. I felt her clothes against my bare skin. She put both hands on my cheeks and pushed her tongue deeper inside me. She finally let go, letting me take in oxygen. That was, quite literally, a breathtaking kiss.
"Hi... Stacy," I gasped out.
Stacy smiled at the heap of arousal she had turned me into. She reached between my thighs. "You're soaking wet already."
There was not much I could say in response. She just pointed out a fact.
"Did you bring it?" Andrea asked.
"Of course," Stacy said, bringing out a short chain from her bag. "Strip."
I was already naked, as always. Stacy was addressing Rue, who promptly pulled off her clothes. Meanwhile, Andrea stepped behind me and cuffed my wrists.
Stacy beckoned Rue over. She made Rue and me stand facing each other. I stepped back, but Andrea nudged me from behind.
Meekly, I got closer to Rue. Stacy attached one end of the chain to my collar's ring and the other end to Rue's, locking it in place. The chain was about a foot and a half long, so Rue and I had to stand almost shoulder to shoulder. Rue's hands were free, while mine were cuffed.
"Have fun, both of you. We're off," Stacy said. Her and Andrea made a quick departure.
And then there were two. "So," Rue said.
"So, indeed," I replied. "Look, I really do have homework."
"You really think you can get much work done with me attached to you?"
"I can get some done, can't I?"
Rue's complexion seemed to darken. "Fine."
We awkwardly hobbled over to my desk where my homework was open. Just then, a shrill siren sounded. After a few rounds, a screech was added to the cacophony of wails.
"The fire alarm," Rue explained. As if I didn't know what a fire alarm was. "Though I doubt there's actually a fire."
"What do you mean?" I spoke between the siren intervals. Rue was dragging me outside the room towards the stairs. The pull of our connecting chain choked me a little since she walked briskly. Other students were also leaving, but I saw many remain in their rooms, somehow unbothered by the ringing.
Rue strained to speak over the sirens. "Last semester the fire alarm went off a bunch of times. Not once was there a fire. One time a student failed to cook instant noodles in his dorm. Another student brought a smoke machine to their room to party - they triggered the alarm at three in the morning. Another time the cause was unknown. Maybe a bug crawled in the smoke detector. Who knows? There's always cause for alarm, but never an actual fire."
We got to the lobby. The lobby boys remained in their usual spot, unphased by the sea of people marching out of the dorm. I think one of them had a cup of tea.There must be a reason why they are always in the lobby.Many students stared at us. Being naked was one thing but being chained to a person was an additional layer of humiliation. Rue seemed more nervous than I was, though. Or perhaps it was excitement.
I was about to exit through the main door along with the crowd, but Rue pulled me through a side entrance. It led outside to a less crowded area. Then she dragged me around the building where no one else was. Where we were alone. "I'm sort of a pro at finding relaxing fire alarm spots," she said.
The sirens were quieter outside. I could hear their distant cries, but the sound of wind in my ears was louder.
I sat on a bench, accidentally pulling Rue down next to me because of the chain connecting us. There was a pit of sand in front of us. It reminded me of my elementary school playground. The building had an inward corner, so we were tucked away in private. Probably to do private things.
Rue played with the chain connecting us. "We put this bench here, you know? Stacy and me. It was our little getaway whenever there was a fire alarm. Or when we just wanted a relaxing space."
"Have you known Stacy long?"
"Yeah." She had a pensive expression. "We go way back."
My hands were still cuffed behind me, but I felt restless.
"We enrolled at Dremeder together. We selected each other as roommates and everything. She studied biology and I went with psychology."
I kicked some rocks.
"It's nothing personal with you, by the way. I've always been like this."
"What are you talking about?" I asked.
"I've always craved punishment. I picked psychology to find out why." She sighed. "Haven't found out, though. My current theory is that I feel like I need to atone for my existence, so I go about it by seeking humiliation and pain."
"Damn. That's pretty messed up, I think."
Rue stretched her arms. Her legs were swinging to the rhythm of the sirens. "I don't think so. I enjoy it. The punishment I mean. The humiliation especially. It doesn't really matter why I enjoy something, does it? I just do."
The sirens stopped. Students were probably heading inside. We should have gone inside too, but for some reason I felt like staying on that bench. There was a pleasant breeze. The fall weather was not too cold.
"How about you and Andrea? Known each other long?"
I shook my head. "I've known Andrea less than a week." The notion was absurd. At Dremeder University, we had done such intimate stuff on the basis of this school's structure, but when it came down to it, I barely knew her.
"That's crazy. You two have so much synergy. I assumed you had known each other a while, even if Stacy tried convincing me otherwise."
"In a weird way, it feels like I have known her a while."
"I get that. No one comes to Dremeder without something messed up about them. Even the teachers." She paused. "We're all the same here."
"That has a nice ring to it. Unlike that fire alarm."
Rue laughed. "Doesn't it? Stacy's the one who describes this school that way. I thought she was high at first. Dominance hierarchy is this school's elevator pitch. But the more I think about it..."
I put my foot over Rue's, stopping her feet from swinging.
We looked right at each other, less than a foot and a half apart. Forced together by the chain connecting us. I felt her breath on my lips. She leaned in and closed her eyes but stopped just shy of my face, wanting me to make the next move. It was as if the breeze pushed me into her. I gave her a small peck at first. Then a hungrier one. The returned the hunger in kind. My eyes closed. For a moment I worried that I would fall off the bench due to my cuffed wrists. But it was only for a moment as I was swept under Rue's soft lips.
Rue reached a hand between my legs. My eyes were still closed. There could have been a ton of people watching. Or not. I didn't care. I moaned against her as she planted kisses down my neck to my chest. She sucked on a nipple and brought a finger to my crotch. Rue didn't mess around. She didn't tease me at all. She just kept fingering until I went to orgasm. After so much denial and games from everywhere and everyone else, I welcomed the change.
As my climax receded, I took some breaths. "I'd return the favor, but my hands are tied, er, cuffed." I tried bending down to lick Rue's clit, but the chain was too short.
"That's okay," she said, lifting me back up. Her legs were glistening. "Now we're even for me leaving you hanging the other day."
***
I was at the campus restaurant, Tusl's Tongue, again.
After Rue and I had gotten back to the room, we waited for Stacy who undid the padlock, allowing Rue and me to be separate once again. She and Rue left, and Andrea decided she had enough of dining hall food, so she uncuffed me and dragged me to Tusl's.
We were sitting on the same side of the table. Andrea was sitting on the outside of the booth since she was left-handed (and she wanted us to sit on the scenic side). I was watching a candle flicker.
"I'm starving," Andrea said. She had been in a particularly good mood since the fire alarm went off. "I think I'll go with the steak." I opened the menu. Andrea was looking over my shoulder. "What are you thinking?"
I passed over some aureate menu items. "Are you going to pay for me again?"
"Yeah." I knew Andrea was a bit stingy with money, so I figured I'd go with something cheap. As if reading my mind she added, "Don't worry though. Money isn't an issue for me."
This was coming from the girl who checked out 'to go' boxes that she could stuff two meals inside of so that she could save a meal swipe with each trip to the dining hall. A scheme which I was totally on board with, but still. I did not think she was someone who liked to spend money.
"How was your time with Rue?" she asked suddenly.
I blushed involuntarily. "I don't know. How was your time with Stacy?"
Now she blushed and then cleared her throat. "Don't change the subject."
"It was... nice." The waiter came to take our orders. I requested a salad.
"I can tell. It seems like you two reconciled."
Reconcile? It was not like there was some huge rift between Rue and me, was there? Maybe. "Yeah, I guess we did."
She patted my head. Then grimaced. "Gh..."
There it was again. She had done this the day before, made this incomprehensible sound, like someone had just been stabbed.
"Sorry. Good job. That's what I meant to say."
I eyed her. "Wasn't much of a job, really. You and Stacy basically forced us together."
"Still. Just being together doesn't mean you'll get along. I'm proud of you." She patted my head again.
Her affection suffused through my skin. "You saw that I was struggling, didn't you?" I asked. "That's why you encouraged Rue to stay."
Andrea said nothing. Neither did I. The waiter brought our food. We ate in silence.
"I want to try something," Andrea said once we finished eating. "Lay down."
I promptly rested my head in her lap, looking up at her. "You know," I said. "You can just tell me to lay down. You don't have to preface it with 'I want to try something.'"
"In that case." Andrea ran a hand through my hair. "Close your eyes."
My eyes were shut for a while before anything happened. Andrea put a hand over my closed eyelids to guarantee my blindness. I was left in the darkness, the sound of soft piano music and distant conversations around me. Then I heard Andrea say, "We'll take the check."
The waiter must have been near us, watching my naked body. And watching Andrea, whose voice was surprisingly calm, given that she was normally quite shy in public. I felt my pussy dampen and squirmed trying to get my exposed skin to touch something. To get my bearings.
"I did not tell you to move," Andrea said sternly. "Bad girl." I forced my limbs to relax against the will of my throbbing pussy. "Sorry, Mistress." I felt frigid fingers on my lips and opened my mouth to let them in. The fingers held my tongue in place and I was beginning to feel very used. It was the perfect feeling.
Andrea's other hand was still over my eyes. Everything was still dark. The fingers left my mouth and trailed down my body. Down past my chest and stomach. Around the front of my waist just away from my pussy. It took all my strength not to shift so that her fingers were on my clit. Eventually, the hand made it of their own volition, circling it once firmly. I nearly came on the spot. Then the hand pulled away. I had to bite my lip to eschew my agony.
I heard the clinking of ice. Seconds later the ice was on my skin, near my belly. My body heat melted it slightly allowing it to glide across my smooth skin. The ice cube went up my body, to my chest where it rested on one of my tits. This time I could not completely repress a muffled a scream.
If Andrea had an issue with me making sound, she did not say so. I did hear her chuckle, though. She let the ice cube melt fully on my body. Then her hand went back to my pussy. Her fingers easily slid inside me. Prodding slowly, they forced the oddest squeaks out of me. And then they pulled away again.
I was about to scream completely from the frustration, which would have brought attention from several surrounding tables. Andrea foresaw this and put her hand, covered in my fluids, over my mouth. Once again, my scream was muffled.
When I calmed down enough for Andrea, she put her fingers in my mouth once more, making sure I cleaned them thoroughly. Then the fingers pulled away another time. By this point, I was hyperventilating.
My skin burned. "Oh!" Nothing could suppress that scream. It was louder than the fire alarm. I was sure that other tables were watching. I was sure that Andrea would be annoyed with me for attracting attention. "S-sorry, Mistress. I'll try to not scream."
My skin burned again, and I screamed again. Even louder this time. Breathing heavy. "Scream all you want," Andrea said. "Just keep still so I don't miss."
My skin burned a third time and I screamed once more. It hit me. Candle wax. Andrea was dropping hot candle wax on my skin. Drop. And I screamed as my chest burned. Drop. And I screamed as my belly burned. With each drop, my screams got quieter as I grew used to the pain, until they were little more than loud grunts. Then they became moans.
My whole front must have been dotted with wax when Andrea finished. I heard the clinking of ice once again and tensed in anticipation. As I ice cube roamed over my body I became physically confused. My body did not know if it was cold or hot, pained or soothed. All I knew was that I desperately needed to cum.
"Oh, please," I croaked. Andrea obliged, massaging my clit and thrusting her fingers inside me.
"Cum for me." By an indescribably large margin the scream of my climax was the loudest.
When I finally recovered, I noticed that the conversation around us had stopped, and had been stopped for quite a while. As I allowed myself to sit up, the now solid wax feeling strange against my skin, I realized every single person was watching us. I looked at Andrea who was smiling triumphantly.
"I did it," she said. Gradually, the others in the restaurant returned to their food. She leaned back in relief. "I did it."
Andrea had taken another giant step.
***
Dean Dixmier claimed that the lesson I had to learn was something I could only teach myself. Therefore, no punishment would properly fix my disobedience and was thus redundant. She explained this while I was once again underneath her desk. On my knees.
"So just sit there for what would be the duration of your punishment and then I'll let you go," Dean Dixmier said.
This time she had a teacup from which she was drinking... well I assumed tea, but the dean said it was a black coffee.Who drinks coffee from a teacup?Apparently, the dean. She was a lot like her beverage. Classy and refined on the outside, but strong (and addictive) on the inside. This personality is likely what enabled her to become the dean in the first place. And I had come to know her personality fairly well in my many visits to her.
Every other day in Sociology 101 Ho Ping would tell me to suck his cock. And each time I would refuse, earning me a trip to the dean's office to be punished. Ho and Mori assumed I was actually receiving a punishment, like a whipping or something. But I was not.
Ho always sent me to be punished as soon as I disobeyed his commands. Every day, without failure. Mori did her best to mediate the conflict between me and him. She was failing. Her best attempts usually consisted of some half-baked joke that she would have to explain the meaning of.
Ho and I would temporarily unify in our hatred of Mori's 'humor' and then hate each other even more. As the saying goes, the enemy of my enemy who is also my enemy makes me hate my enemy for being my friend.
With each visit to Dean Dixmier's office I had come to learn more about the school. Its founding, how it changed after The Gates were sealed centuries ago, and its competition with Loguria University (the dean explained that the two universities used to be comparable in prestige back in the day). There was quite a history to this world, I realized.
I also learned more about the power structure among Dremeder's faculty. Each major had a head (Dr. Stab was the economics head and Dean Dixmier was the math head) and some amount of power. Every few years there was a vote to decide which of these heads was the dean. The amount of voting power for each head was based on a number of factors, including number of students in the major, the rigor of the major, and the major's value to the university, which was determined algorithmically by a group of student interns who were trusted to be impartial because... well it was not like they were going to get paid either way so they might as well do the job right and try and get some 'work experience' for that good ol' resume. Plus, the group of student interns consisted of at least one student from every major, so there was an internal balance.
Dean Dixmier explained, "A major's voting power is partly based on alumni income, which gives STEM majors an advantage. But it is also based on a dignity factor, which can be seen as a moral contribution to larger society. This moral contribution is measured by the fame that the alumni bring to the university through philosophy, academic research, invention, or art. This is why English majors are given a red badge."
"English majors have a red badge?" I asked with incredulity in my voice. A red badge meant they were in the 'very dominant' category along with mathematicians and economists. But they weren't even STEM.
"Yes, due to their artistic and philosophical contribution. Ironically, philosophy majors only have a green badge, putting them in the 'submissive' category. There are other factors as well, but you don't need to worry about them. You may be surprised about the standings, but they are all determined algorithmically. Therefore, they are just."
"I guess so." I was wondering what the other factors were. The ones that the dean was keeping from me.
"Incidentally, the math department benefits from both the income and dignity factors since we are at the forefront of knowledge but can also work fairly decent jobs in industry."
The stats that determined a major's voting power also determined its position on the dominance hierarchy. That is, which category of dominance it belonged to. Sociology was in the 'very submissive' category, and consequently had the least number of rights.
The categories that the majors were put in was determined algorithmically, but the exact disparities between those categories were determined by the dean. For now, the dean was Diane Dixmier. And I was sitting under her desk.
Any major's head could propose a bill to amend university policy (for instance, Dr. Stab frequently proposed bills regarding dining hall policy), but the dean had the ultimate veto power.
The dean was far from omnipotent, though. If every major's head voted for themselves to be the dean, then Dean Dixmier would be the dean since math had the highest voting power. But economics was not far off in terms of voting power, so theoretically some departments could band together to replace Dean Dixmier if they felt that she was not doing a good job. As such, Dean Dixmier still had to take the input of other majors. Especially ones with decent voting power. And therefore, the dean's power was checked in part by Dr. Stab.
"Currently," Dean Dixmier went on, "the university is divided into two groups: those who want the university to stay true to its core values of interdisciplinary communication for the pursuit of truth - these people support me - and those who want to see their own major rise to the top of the dominance hierarchy and others to be subject to their whim - these people support Dr. Stab."
The dean explained that to preserve the university's values, it was of upmost importance that she maintained the goodwill of other majors and did not abuse her veto power.
I listened patiently under her desk as Dean Dixmier explained the university bureaucracy. Her hands occasionally brushed my chest and her toes sometimes got deep inside my thighs. I could not help but feel like the dean was starting to like me. It made sense: she never punished me even though I was in her office frequently and she was never in a hurry to make me leave, even if she never betrayed any excitement upon seeing me. But most of all it was her little movements and commands that convinced me that she was growing attached. She always made me get close to her and seemed unable to stay too far away from me. Her voice often lingered on my name and her eyes seemed unable to get enough of my skin. I never questioned it, because if her attachment was stopping me from getting punished, then I had no desire to roil our current relationship.
Being the dean's pet had its perks. Like not having to worry about being punished for disobeying Ho. Like understanding university policies better than most. Like having a small influence over the most powerful person at Dremeder University.
***
In Sociology 101, Professor Krin lectured about scale. "For your next assignment you all will pick a structure to write an essay on. You will analyze it from a macro and micro scale, considering both how that structure fits with other structures and how the people related to that structure interact with each other on the individual level."
The class was silent, knowing that Professor Krin had more to say. The professor took a few strides looking quite satisfied with our discomfort. Then he said, "This essay will be done in groups."
Every student groaned.
Professor Krin laughed. Actually laughed. "You guys are free to leave once you form your groups. The essays are due next class."
I looked around and, sure enough, those who sat next to me formed their own groups. Ho and Mori waddled over to my desk. I was stuck with them. Again.
"He really likes his group projects!" Mori said.
Ho was distraught. "Another one!" he exclaimed. "Another group project. And it's a groupessayfor crying out loud."
"How exciting," Mori responded. "We get to work together again. Isn't it great?"
I could not tell if Mori was being sarcastic or not. It was hard to tell what was really going on in her mind.
Ho was ranting. "It's terrible. Terrible, I say, terrible. I can't believe it. Another one. I'm speechless. I'm actually speechless, I am."
"Clearly, you aren'tactuallyspeechless," I chided.
"Oh great. Just perfect. I have to work withyouagain. You fly. You shoe. You truculent and troublesome and tasteless and - the worst part is that I can't even send you to the dean's office for punishment. It's terrible, I say, terrible."
(Ho could not send me to the dean's office because the assignment was due next class, and this was the most convenient time to work on it since the three of us were together.)
"One might even say that it's terribly great!" Mori said.Was that something she considered a joke?"Come on you guys. Look on the bright side. You know what they say."
Ho and I glared at her. "What do they say," I asked.
"Well. I guess you don't know what they say." She started cackling.
"Man, your laugh is really ugly. Like vultures rotting. That's your voice."
Mori got quiet after that. "Don't listen to him. He's an idiot," I said. Mori gave a toothy grin. Her smile was just as ugly as her laugh. "He's right, but don't listen to him. He's an idiot."
"You already said that genius," Ho said.
Mori looked away.Mission 'Get Mori to stop smiling' accomplished. Ho and I nodded at each other. Then we simultaneously grimaced. "You brute," I said.
"You scum," he retorted. "You probably live in the most disgusting side of the school's sewers."
"Sewers don't even have sides," I said.Did they?"I think."
We turned away. Now that Ho and I were mad at each other as usual, it was Mori's turn to break the tension with some dumb joke.
"Ha, sewer side," she began. She started laughing to herself. "Sorry. It's an inside joke. I'll think of another one."
"Please don't," I said.
"Yeah, please don't," Ho agreed. "We understand the joke. Right Leah?"
"Hm? Oh! Yeah. Sewer side... ha-ha. That's funny."
Mori was not stupid. She knew our laughs were fake. She knew we hated her jokes. Actually, we loved her jokes. But we loved pretending like we hated them more. We loved pretending to hate them more than we cared about Mori.
"Sew anyway, about the essay," Mori said, ignoring our pleas against her jokes. "Get it. Like I took the 'sew' from 'sewer' and used it for the word 'so' in the commonly used phrase 'so anyway.' Another piece of fine work by me if I do say so - say 'sew' - myself." She was cackling again.
Ho closed his eyes. Meditating. "If this is what life entails... if this is all it is, then how can it be worth living?"
For our essay we decided to pick the concept of a school classroom as a structure. We talked about how children in classrooms develop skills that affect several parts of society on a macro scale. And we also talked about the dynamics between teachers and students on a micro scale. Ho and Mori both pulled their weight, though I made sure to do proof-reading of Ho's section (he was prone to lazy errors).
That was a main reason the three of us kept working together. As dysfunctional as our group was, we got work done. Mori's puns were terrible, but in a fun way that kept us soothed. Like that story I read one time about this angel who goes to a planet called Earth to learn how to read but ends up in a BDSM relationship. On second thought, that story just sucked.
As much as I called Ho an idiot, it was hard to deny that the guy had some brains. He had a knack for writing philosophical musings that sounded smarter than they were. Which was perfect for getting high grades on essays. I had come to learn that essays were not about content, but about being loquacious and using fancy words like loquacious. Even when the word made no sense.
In just under an hour, we had the assignment complete. We handed it in next class and would receive a perfect score once it got graded.
***
I was bothering Andrea.
"Know what clubs you're going to join? The club fair is soon, you know." I poked a finger into her arm as she tried to ignore me. "Hey, we should find a sorority to be a part of. With you being a math major, you could probably get me into one easily. Without all the hazing. Though hazing at this school might be kind of interesting. By the way, how come you stopped getting croissants for me?"
She continued to ignore me, glued to her textbook. I pouted and looked at the page. I nearly threw up. "Isthatwhat Calc III is like?" I asked. There were a bunch of tables and fancy symbols.
Andrea scratched her head and turned the page.Ugh,I'm so bored.I had already finished my work and I was waiting for Andrea to finish hers so we could do... stuff. I waved a hand in front of her face. "Hello??"
"What?" Andrea said, finally noticing me.
"What are you so engrossed in?"
"Oh, this is Discrete Math."
"What the..." I stood bewildered. "What other classes are you in?"
"I'm taking Calc III and Linear Algebra as well. And Knots-"
"Knots?"
"It's for an art credit."
"Of course it is." I put my hands being my head, casually. "So, when do you think you'll finish your homework?"
Andrea was already lost in the book again.
"Holy... Andrea!" This must be some super power of hers. The ability to zone out anything.Fine. If that is how it is going to be. Then I'll have to resort to extreme measures.I got right next to Andrea's cheek and nibbled on her ear.
I saw the color rush to her face. "What's the matter with you?"
"When are you going to be free?" I was pleading at this point.
"What do you mean free?" Andrea replied nonchalantly.
My voice was desperate. "I mean done with your homework."
"Oh, this isn't homework," she said. "I've just been reading ahead for fun."
"WHAT?" I pinched myself to check if I was dreaming.
Andrea turned to face me, puzzled. "What?" she asked. The genuine curiosity in her voice amazed me. She did not seem to realize that normal people don't read math textbooks for fun.
"You've finished your homework then, right? You have free time right now and you using it to read math?"
Andrea thought for a moment. I thought she was coming to her senses, realizing how ridiculous she was being. "No, that isn't it. I have homework for my knots class. But I'm too lazy to do it, so I'm just going to leave it for tomorrow."
I stepped back.It's a joke.It must be. Not only was reading this textbook not her homework, but she was also neglecting her actual homework to read it. "I've said it a few times, but I'll say it again." I took a breath. "Miss, you're a crazy woman."
I laughed. Andrea did not. She retuned to her book and turned the page after a minute, letting me stand next to her feeling quite awkward. I peered over her shoulder and tried to understand the chapter. I fiddled with my hands.
At last, Andrea closed the book. "You know, Stacy and I have been talking. Your attitude might be somewhat cute," she said. She stared at the textbook cover as she spoke. "But you really need to know your place."
"O-oh." I had never seen Andrea like this. "Yeah... Okay."
Andrea shot me a dark look. "Mistress," she said. "You're too inconsistent with how you address me. From now on, it will always be Mistress. In public as well. And even if I'm not there and you are talking about me with another person, like Rue for example."
"Yes, Mistress." My voice was weak, but inside I was burning with anticipation. Andrea becoming dominant. That is what I wanted, but I still felt nervous.
"In your drawer there should be some rope. Fetch it." That's all she said before opening her textbook and continuing to read where she left off.
I walked backwards away from her until I got to my desk. Sure enough, the rope was in the drawers. I pulled some out and meekly went back to Andrea. I held it out. Andrea took her time, probably finishing whatever paragraph she was one before turning to me.
She eyed me as she took the rope. I shifted in place, feeling more naked than normal. Without warning, Andrea chucked the rope across the room. It hit the wall and landed in the corner. "Fetch it properly," she said. And returned to her book.
"Y-yes, Mistress." I ran across the room and bent over to pick up the rope, aware that Andrea could be watching me from the corner of her eye.
I brought the rope back to her as quickly as I could and presented it with a bow, hoping that would satisfy her. She took the rope and chucked it across the room again. "Properly," she said sharply.
"Yes, Mistress." I took a step towards the rope again before turning around. "I'm sorry, Mistress. I'm not sure how you want me to get the rope."
Andrea shook her head and sighed. She closed the book and stood up. I felt tiny in her presence. "Get on your hands and knees."
Now I understood. She wanted me to crawl. I got on all fours. I felt a slap on my ass pushing me forward. The clap thundered through the room. I barely started crawling before I felt Andrea's foot on my back.
"I need an arch," Andrea said.
I arched my back and stuck my rear out as best as I could. Andrea walked beside me as I crawled across the room. I reached my hand for the rope, but Andrea kicked it away from me. I looked up at her. Her arms were crossed, and she had a serious frown. Her expression said she was not going to explain anything. I felt a chill down my spine.
I must have paused for too long because I felt another smack. "Sorry, Mistress!"
I crawled to the rope and hesitated for a second before bending my neck down and biting the rope with my teeth. I lifted my head up towards Andrea. She nodded at me and took the rope from my mouth. "Good gh... Good job," she said.
That was an odd time to stutter, but my face glowed from praise nonetheless. "Thank you, Mistress."
"But we're only just beginning."
"Of course, Mistress. I would not have it any other-"
Andrea shoved her palm in my face. "Quiet." I shut up quickly. She grabbed my neck, reaching around my collar, and dragged me up so that I was on my knees instead of all fours. She tilted my chin up. "I'm going to take my time with this," she said. I whimpered.
She walked behind me and started applying the rope. She tied knots all over my body. I had been in this situation before. I had familiar feelings wash over me. These feelings let me relax as Andrea made ropes squeeze against my skin. She tied my arms behind my back, with my elbows almost together, thrusting my chest out. Finally, she tied my legs so that I was stuck in the kneeling position.
"This is a much better look for you. You're a cute little package.Mycute little package." She reached a hand between my legs. "Moist as always." That made me blush.
She walked back to her desk and got a blindfold and a gag out. I opened my mouth to let Andrea shove the gag in. The last thing I saw before the blindfold went on was Andrea's demonic grin. "This is going to be fun," she said.
I heard her chair roll.That's weird. Why would she need move her chair?
Then I felt some cool leather rub against my skin. It circled over both of my tits. "Know what this is, slut?" My eyes widened under the blindfold. The leather moved down to my pussy. Andrea chuckled. "It seems like you do."
I moaned through my gag.
"That's right, slave. It's a crop. The same one I used to punish Rue a while back. Has she told you how much fun it was?"
Rue did not have to tell me how much 'fun' it was. I could figure it out.I mumbled something that the gag made incoherent.
"Eager for the crop, are we?"
I struggled against the bondage.
"Well?"
Then I realized that Andrea was not just trying to tease me. She was actually waiting for my answer. I nodded.
Immediately following my nod, I felt the first sting on my right thigh. I grunted. The crop rubbed soothingly against my skin. There would be a red line there tomorrow most likely. Then I felt a sting on my left thigh.
A tear formed. The crop soothed my left thigh. Then, I felt it rest underneath my chin. "Does it hurt?"
I nodded.
"Should I continue?"
I nodded again.
The next few stings were on my boobs. Then she grabbed my hair and pushed my head to the ground. My bondage dragged the rest of my body along with it. Now I was flat on my stomach with my cheek on the floor and my legs still folded.
Andrea pushed my legs apart and rubbed my pussy with her crop.She wouldn't, I thought.Would she?
"Do you have a better understanding of your place, now?" she asked, still rubbing.
I released a high-pitched squeal, desperately trying to communicate that I did, in fact, understand my place. It was with my face to the floor and subject to the whims of my owner.
I felt a few rapid stings. Not on my pussy, thankfully, but on my ass. "Glad to hear it."
Andrea pulled my back on my knees. But then she kept pulling until I was on my back. She kicked my knees apart and once again started rubbing my pussy with the crop. I started moaning, but also trembled in fear.I really hope she does not strike me there.
"So, can I strike you here?"
I nodded. Wait what-
The pain rippled through me. It was not that bad though. Andrea must have gone easy on me. My crotch would be sore tomorrow, however.
Andrea lifted me back to my knees and took out my gag. "So, how was it?"
I composed myself. "Amazing, Mistress."
"Doing okay, here?" She lightly caressed between my thighs.
"Yes, Mistress. I did not think I would say yes to being hit there. I'm glad I did though."
She removed my blindfold. "Say cheese."
My eyes adjusted to the light, and I saw that right in front of me was Andrea's chair. And on the chair sat her laptop - in camera mode! It was self-timed to take a picture in a few seconds. Andrea stood behind me smiling. My body had red lines from where she hit me. The rope emphasized my curves and my hair was disheveled.
"Show the camera how much you enjoyed it, Leah."
I smiled broadly.Click. And the moment was immortalized.
"For my knots class," Andrea explained. "We had to practice our knots for homework and send a picture to show the class. We only had to do it on mannequins, but you were so eager to get tied up today, so I did it on you."
I gasped. "So your whole class will see me like this!?"
"That's right. Got a problem? A slut like you shouldn't."
I shook my head. "I... No. I don't have a problem with it... I just..."
Andrea squeezed my shoulder. "What is it?"
I took a breath. "I just thought that this picture would be... I don't know... just for us, I guess."
"Ah, I see," Andrea paused for a second. "Don't worry. I thought of something for that."
She went to her photos app on her computer and clicked once. A video started playing. There was a small girl with very aroused cheeks trembling as Andrea rubbed her pussy with a crop. "You recorded the whole thing?"
"Yes. This video will stay between us, though. Does that work for you?"
"Definitely," I said. Then added, "Mistress."
***
I appreciate the feedback I've been receiving.