The thin curtain between the living and the dead realms is weakest on All Saints Eve. Wraiths like me begin to cross into the living domain at the stroke of local midnight, but at the three a.m. witching hour, the veil briefly ceases to exist. For one hour, we can easily cross both ways. At midnight on All Saints Day, the curtain becomes impenetrable and we are stuck on either side until the next Halloween.
I'm here in my former bedroom in San Diego, CA to avenge my murder by my not-so-loving wife, not merely to watch her sleeping naked with my former best friend. Dead exactly one year, I've had that long to practice my deathly powers.
Our atoms are spread to a tenth of our former density which allows us to appear to fly and to pierce denser objects. The only real new power we have is to affect gravity at a tiny level. That is how I can pull the sheet off my wife and her lover.
I can see and feel quite well, even hear, taste, and smell the fresh scent of sex from my bed. The taste of pheromone is strong, especially when I raise her leg and lick her pussy or his shrunken cock. He is still coated in their mixed cum, so she chose not to lick him clean, as usual. I spread her pussy lips and see his cum oozing out of her. So, she shaved her red bush for him. When I lick her clit, she stirs.
"Oh Bill, I can't go again. Isn't twice in an hour enough for you?"
Moving his hand off her tit wakes him. I raise his dick and squeeze it as I shove some dense air hard on his balls. Twice in an hour? I was lucky to get it twice a month.
"Oww! Kim, there's no need to hurt me. I was asleep. Is that how you treated Ken after sex? No wonder he was always grumpy. Don't treat me like that or you can end up like he did."
"Are you seriously threatening me? You woke me by fingering my pussy and rubbing your cock against my ass."
She rolled onto her back, knees up and apart, pussy spread and leaking, big tits seeking her pits. Her red hair formed a halo around her head. She was as beautiful as I remembered and gave me an ecto-hardon — well we don't have blood to do it, so ectoplasm has to "fill in" for it. Did I mention that we have no use for clothes so we are naked and use ectoplasm to disguise that when needed? Today, it wasn't needed. My cock swelled bigger than in life at the thought of eating her.
As soon as she dozed off again, I drifted down from the ceiling, planted my face on her wet pussy, and lapped up some cream pie on my way to her clit. My tongue pushed her hood side-to-side until it presented her pearly glans. I sucked and nibbled it just as she liked. She gasped and her head shot hard left. A long groan escaped her as her chest, tits and neck flushed. I still had it.
"Oh Bill, ohhh. I said no more tonight. I thought you hated cream pie. Ken used to nibble on my clit like that and eat his cum. I forgot how much I miss that. Bill?"
Her bright green eyes squinted. Bill was lightly snoring. Angered, she straddled his face, pulled his jaw open and spread her pussy to let his cum fill his mouth. His body spasm tried to force her off, but she gripped the back of his neck and held on. He had no choice but to swallow his cream. He sputtered; she laughed. Seeds of discontent planted, I floated away to look for my laptop.
It was in its usual place. In my small desk drawer sat my collection of flash drives including a new pack of three. I had to create a scalpel to cut open the pack then plugged a new one into the PC. With a delicate touch, I opened WordPerfect and began typing these notes. Once I get them to admit on my USB recorder who killed me and how, I can send that to the police and have my revenge.
It's eight a.m. and they are eating, naked, as I listen in. They are planning to attend a one-year ceremony for me. Watching my ex bustle around the kitchen makes her sweet ass jiggle, her tits dance, and two cocks stiffen. Bill swings her around to straddle his lap and slides her smoothly onto his cock. Though I hate her, I still crave her.
"Ohhh, you feel so good deep inside me. Bill, how long have you practiced that move? I think the first time you pulled that on me was four years ago when Ken insisted we go to a carnival commando — all of us. He made the mistake of removing my panties in front of you then flashing my bare pussy as proof. That was the first time I saw your cock too, when you both stripped in front of me. We laughed, but that was the start for us, wasn't it?"
"Yes. I recall Ken squeezing my dick and passing it to you to stroke and watch it swell. At the carnival, both of us kept spinning you so your dress flew up and you flashed everyone around. We all laughed. It wasn't until later that night, in this very kitchen, that I pulled that move and impaled you on my cock the first time. Your dress settled on us and we both felt the sparks. Then Ken came in with some wine. You went for glasses, but the fool didn't know I had just claimed your snug pussy. He must have seen me stuffing my cock away yet said nothing. I guess he trusted us."
Four years!? I was a fool. That's when she started refusing me sex. So they were fucking for three years before my death. Maybe if I embarrass her enough and make her blame Bill I can get them arguing. That will be tough since she likes exposing herself if she can't be blamed. Wait. Is that the mourning dress she's wearing? It's backless, low on top and high on bottom. At least it's black. It's a cocktail dress for seduction, hardly for mourning. No panties or bra, just a diamond pendant to draw attention to her shapely tits. It tapers at the waist, then has a wide zipper to the bottom. I can work with that.
My ceremony was at a small church. The front entrance was across a creek with a 100-foot bridge over it. Parking was near the bridge, then we had to walk it and everyone took a moment to absorb the quiet landscape. Ignoring the gossip about disrespecting me, they walked hand-in-hand to the bridge. She shook free and walked a step ahead of him — a pretense of respect. Once she was free of him, I acted. Before she reached the middle of the bridge, I lifted her skirt to her ribs exposing her sweet ass and wanton pussy to all our old friends. She fought the dress and scowled at Bill.
When she straightened up, I pushed both narrow straps off her shoulders and down to her waist. Both bouncy tits and hard nipples lit up in the bright sunshine. She squealed, bringing more attention to her beautiful tits. Then glared at Bill who shrugged innocently. She turned to go back to the car, but Bill stopped her and reminded her how inappropriate it would be to miss her husband's ceremony. She was expected to praise me from a lectern.
Her angry glare burned through Bill. He dropped back a few more steps, yet the back of her dress went up above her waist in the breeze I created. Bill had to choose whether to risk telling her. He chose to stay quiet and, with the others, watched her naked ass wiggle across the bridge.
In the church, Bill wisely chose to sit in the first row, but across the aisle from where Kim sat. The minister started a recording to give Kim later, said a few general words, then introduced Kim, my "grieving" wife. When she moved into the narrow aisle, I moved her hand behind her and unzipped her dress, then slid it off. With the dress on the floor, she stood naked except for her shoes. She gasped and froze, leaving her sexy, inappropriate ass exposed to everyone. She glanced at Bill who threw his hands up. The minister had a perfect full frontal view and stood open mouthed.
Now she was finally embarrassed — not at being naked, but at believing that everyone thought SHE had deliberately stripped. After a long red-faced moment where the entire front row drooled over her big swinging tits, she bent, exposing her pussy and rear hole, as she exclaimed in a loud voice that SHE didn't do that and it was a cheap prank by her former friend, Bill. As soon as she touched her dress, I licked her pussy which made her squeak and fall on the floor face up and legs apart facing the gathering and making a lovely spectacle.
Dress in hand, big tits dancing, she stumbled to her feet then ran past the minister to the rest room while the congregation sat in stunned silence. I flew through the door and stared at her confused face and beautiful naked body. She leaned against a wall and tried sorting things out. When she covered her face with both hands, I ran two ecto-fingers into her wet pussy with care. She gasped. When I rubbed her clit side-to-side and sucked it, she shouted my name — the recorder caught it. The gathering assumed that was in grief.
Her eyes closed, her hands gripped the wall; she began gasping louder. I edged her toward a loud orgasm; she groaned when I stopped. Edging her again got her moaning and calling my name. Sweat ran down her body as she twisted and shouted a stream of obscenities until I reached her G spot and twisted another finger into her tight ass.
"Ohh, YES, YES, fuck me Ken. It must be you. Bill doesn't measure up to you. He doesn't know your tricks with my clit, or G, or my ass. I forgot how much, OHH OHH, I miss sex with you. I'm so sorry we killed you. It was Bill's idea to rub peanut oil in your Halloween mask before the party. OH OHH, fuck me harder. After you went into shock, I swapped your mask with a clean one. Fuck me!"
Someone was banging hard on the door. I leaned my head through it and saw it was Bill. It was time to share a new trick with her. I formed an ecto-cock, a foot long. After licking her tasty twat, I pushed my new cock fully into her and made it triple in width so it rubbed her lower clit and her G spot together. Her eyes crossed. As she started to climax, I twisted my ecto-finger in her ass and gave her the most intense orgasm she ever had, one that she would never have again. The minister unlocked the door and he and Bill found her confused, rubbing her clit, and drooling on the floor. Bill helped her up and put her dress on her before carrying her out to the car.
I rushed home and finished typing these notes and saved them to the flash drive before they arrived. As they pulled into the driveway, I opened the garage door, pulled my bike off the hangers, and rode it past them and down the road. Since they couldn't see me, all they saw was a "living" bike pedal away on its own.
I flew back inside quickly. When they approached the only kitchen entry, they found it blocked by all the caned goods from the open pantry. Kim screamed.
Epilogue: She accused Bill of stripping her in front of the gathering; he denied it and could not convince her. They broke up that night. The next day, police arrested them both for my murder and conspiracy. The church recording and all the witnesses to the spontaneous confession gave probable cause.
Since I missed my window to return to the land of the dead, I watched the trial, conviction, and start of their life sentences. While I'm stuck here with the living, I visit Kim in her cell and fuck her daily. She scares her cell mate when she shudders and cums. The doctor thinks she is epileptic and treats her with stupefying meds and restraints. On random days during her lunch period, I strip her in front of prisoners and guards, bend her over a table, and fuck her to shivering orgasms as they watch. She has lunch naked. I won't say what I do to Bill daily.
It will be Halloween every day for her until I cross back. Revenge is so sweet. Now where can I get my story published?
==== 7 hrs 1300 October 22, 2023 === 2205
October 21, 2023 seminal image: spirit husband seeks revenge for his murder