There were three of them. Best friends since their early school years and still friends despite the trials and tribulations of adolescence, boyfriends, breaking up, and making up. They were all nineteen, with their birthdays within days of each other, something that had initially brought them together for joint parties and something that they'd always share.
Suzy was a blonde, flamboyant and talkative, popular wherever she went, especially with men. Her sex appeal was of the more obvious type and men followed eagerly in her train.
Fiona, a brunette, also a bit of a chatterbox. Gregarious by nature she was a natural fit to Suzy.
Rene, another brunette, was the quiet one of the three. Suzy and Fiona had quickly come to understand and accept this, as well as to understand that when she did say something it paid to listen. She was the brightest of the three and it was only her natural reserve that tended to make people overlook her when Suzy and Fiona were around. This didn't worry her. She had her fair share of successes with members of the opposite sex, just not as noticeably as the other two.
They had decided to spend the weekend camping. No men, they said. We're rational adults and don't need men to look after us all the time.
"Um, they are very useful for some things," Suzy pointed out.
"True, but we can attend to those things when we're back and alone with them," said Fiona with a giggle.
"Instead of taking our small tents why don't we take my parents big one," suggested Rene. "We'll only need to set up the one and there's ample room in it."
Everything was agreed upon and they went camping. They managed to find a place that seemed reasonably secluded, giving them the privacy they needed to do as they wanted without disturbing other campers. Everything was fine for the first half a day. The weather was warm and they did some hiking, returning to their camp site for lunch. It was while they were eating that the first rain drops fell.
"It's just a sun-shower," said Suzy as they scrambled into the tent. "It'll be over shortly. The forecast was for a fine weekend."
Two hours later it was still raining, and rather heavily at that. It wasn't cold, the earlier heat still apparent in the air, but it was certainly wet. The girls were feeling rather frustrated.
A sudden slapping on the side of the tent startled the girls, and they were even more startled when the zipper on the front flaps came down and someone hopped into the tent, zipping up the flaps behind him.
"Good afternoon," said the stranger. "I was passing by and thought I'd take shelter for a little while. I'd say it was fine weather for ducks but I just saw a small flock of them hiding under the trees, waiting for the rain to stop. I'm Peter by the way. I was getting dreadfully bored sitting in my little tent counting raindrops so I thought I'd visit my neighbours, if I could find any. And here you are, just waiting to entertain me with your wit and perspicacity, undoubtedly willing to give me keen insights into the state of the nation and the impact of climate change on our way of life."
"For your information I'm apolitical and couldn't give a stuff about the state of the nation," Suzy said.
"Climate change is a hoax, designed to separate the dumb from their money," was Fiona's contribution.
"Ask us about weather forecasters," suggested Rene. "I think we'll be able to give you some strong opinions on that subject."
"I have my own strong opinions on that subject and I suspect that they would agree with yours," Peter said, laughing. "So, who are you and what are you doing here?"
Suzy gave out a quick introduction. "As to what we're doing here, we're staying dry, which some people don't seem smart enough to do."
Peter grinned. He seemed harmless to the girls so they didn't ask him to leave, enjoying a bit of company. The next half an hour was spent in harmless banter, a bit of meaningless flirtation taking place. Eventually the rain slowed considerably and Peter started making noises about moving on.
"Before I go, are any of you girls into exhibitionism?"
"What?" asked Fiona.
"Exhibitionism. You know, having sex in front of other people. Quite scandalous behaviour, but a real turn-on at times. The reason I ask is I want to have sex with one of you but I can't really ask the other two to wait outside in the rain. That wouldn't be fair. The same with taking one of you outside. The rain would put a real dampener on things."
"No, we're not, so stop looking at me," snapped Suzy. "Just because I'm blonde doesn't mean I go for anything outrageous."
"I'm only looking at you because you're the closest and it's polite to look at someone when you're talking. I wouldn't dream of casting any aspersions, especially about a blonde. My sister's blonde and she's got a mind like a steel trap. If I said anything rude about blondes she'd slice me and dice me and feed the remains to her cat.
Anyway, you don't have to participate. You can sit back and be modestly horrified at the debauchery taking place in front of you. That's always supposing that I can persuade one of you to be debauched."
"And what happens if we say no?" asked Fiona, feeling a trifle nervous. Now that she thought about it Peter was a very large man. His easy going attitude seemed to mitigate this when just talking. With this proposition he suddenly seemed to be looming very large.
"Um, in that case," said Peter, scratching his head thoughtfully, "I suppose I'll skulk off into the rain, wending my disconsolate way to the park entrance and the Diner that's there. If I'm unlucky I'll meet a bear and have to run for it. If I'm lucky it might be a female bear and then things could get interesting."
Fiona gaped at him, shocked at the insinuation.
"Oh, you're kidding," she grumbled. "For a moment there. . . Anyway, count me out."
Peter glanced at Rene, giving her a wink.
"Well, really," Rene grumbled. "I don't know how you can expect me to answer that suggestion. I mean, we don't even know what you'd be bringing to the table, so to speak."
Now it was Peter's turn to blink.
"You want me to show you the goods?" he asked.
"Well, certainly. That's why I never shop online. You can't be sure what you're getting unless you see it in person."
"Rene's got a point, you know," chipped in Suzy. "If you're trying to sell yourself you should put it all out there on the line. Right, Fiona?"
Fiona was blushing but nodding.
"Right. It's put up or shut up time," she said with a giggle.
Peter looked at the three girls sitting there, laughing at him, and gave a slight shrug. Things were not going the way he had envisaged. He'd expected to be tossed out without so much as a by-your-leave, leaving some shocked young ladies behind. It would have been good for a laugh when he later recounted it to friends. Now to be told to whip it out and show them. . .
Ah, well. He had nothing to lose. The worst they could do was laugh and tell him to put it away. He unzipped and hauled his wares out into the open. He hadn't really had an erection to this point but he found presenting himself to a number of young ladies made up the difference. He was now very much erect.
There was an outburst of giggling but the way the girls were looking at him it was self-conscious giggling. Not laughing at him, and that was a plus. He waited to see what they'd do. The ball was now squarely in their court.
"Interesting," said Fiona, "but my answer's still no."
Suzy, in between bouts of giggling, managed to shake her head. Not interested, that gesture seemed to say, whereas her gaze on his erection said very much interested, thank you. Still, he'd have to go with the no. Rene looked thoughtful.
"You're on," she said, starting to undo the buttons her shorts.
"What?" she asked when there were cries of protest from her friends. "Haven't you ever seen someone get screwed before? No? Well now's your chance. You may learn something. You know I'm between boyfriends and it's been a while since I got lucky."
Peter found himself substantially ignored while the girls argued. The argument didn't stop Rene from continuing to undress. She was naked very quickly and, if her nipples were any indication, already aroused. She turned to Peter.
"Well?" she demanded.
He grinned at her, his face alight with laughter.
"It seems to me that a true exhibitionist would want to make sure they put on a bit of a show," he told her. "With you flat on your back and me on top of you they wouldn't really see anything. Much more appropriate for you to get on your hands and knees and I'll take you from behind. They should see everything that way."
He couldn't quite believe it when Rene promptly followed through on his suggestion, dropping to her hands and knee, her breasts swinging gently below her. Her head was turned to look at him, challenge in her eyes. He responded by undoing his belt and pushing his trousers right down out of the way.
"You have lovely breasts," he murmured softly as he took up a position behind her. "I'm going to enjoy holding them."
He started rubbing her mound, taking his time to see her reaction. Outraged gasps from Suzy and Fiona told him what their reactions were. They still didn't believe it was going to happen. He rubbed a little more vigorously, feeling Rene moving about under his touch, pushing herself more firmly against him. The whole idea was exciting her. Had she done this sort of thing before, he wondered. Not that he could really ask.
A couple of fingers slid between Rene's lips, signalling the start of a new game. He stroked her internally, finding her willing to move with him. Withdrawing his hand he stretched her lips apart, steering his cock into position. He pressed lightly, the head of his cock pushing inside her, her lips closing around him. He spared the others a quick glance, amused to see their eyes glued to the action. Shocked they might have been but they weren't going to miss seeing what happened.
He started a low rocking motion, posing in a little deeper and retreating. Each time he pushed in he went just a little deeper before drawing back to thrust in again. It only took a few moments and Rene was moving with him, not trying to force the pace but just accepting what he was doing.
When one last thrust put him fully inside her he paused for a moment, his hands going around her to claim her breasts, keeping his promise to himself. That done he started a more energetic movement, driving in hard before pulling back to repeat the effort. Rene was now responding with vigour, pushing back hard to take him deep within her, giving a little gasping cry with every thrust.
For the time being Peter was happy with the rhythm he'd established, just letting it run, enjoying the hot friction of flesh on flesh. With a comfortable routine established Peter took the time to regard the girls. Fiona was watching but seemed more amused than excited. True, he could see that her nipples were pressing against her top, showing that she was a little aroused, but amusement seemed to be her predominant emotion. Suzy on the other hand seemed fascinated by what was taking place. Her eyed were glued to the action, one hand at her crotch, gently rubbing. Peter suspected that she didn't even realise she was doing so.
Amused, Peter turned back to pay full attention to Rene. She deserved nothing less than his best, he thought, so proceed to give it, working hard to build her excitement, letting his passion flow.
He had just about had it, decided Peter. From the noise Rene was making she was at the same stage or fairly close to it. Only way to find out for sure was to step on the gas. He started pumping harder, building quickly up to a crescendo. Rene was encouraging him, urging him on. Then he was there, his climax tearing into him, relieved to hear Rene give a small cry as she also climaxed. Good timing or luck, it didn't matter, as she'd made it. Slowly he relaxed, breathing hard.
"An interesting interlude," he said softly, watching the other girls. Suzy was breathing hard, looking as though she was about to have her own climax. Fiona was looking mightily amused. Rene was just sitting up, breathing hard, her breasts doing interesting things as she breathed.
"It seems that the rain has stopped," he observed, "and it's nearly dinner time. Would you care to come down to the Diner with me and I'll buy you dinner."
"We'll pass," said Rene, still breathing hard. "You run along. Maybe we'll take up your kind invitation another time."
"And maybe we won't," muttered Suzy.
Peter smiled and made his exit, heading on down to the Diner and a meal he wouldn't need to cook himself. Tomorrow was another day. He might just wander past this way again.