Ryan's Tale -- continued
It was Saturday and I'd been out in the yard all morning long. Trimming bushes, mowing the lawn, sweeping up, and then I'd washed the car. I'd taken my shirt off, having gotten all hot and sweaty early and hadn't minded getting spray from washing the car on me to cool off. I'd taken my shoes off to keep them from getting wet, so all I had on was my shorts. I heard the voice, but with the spray from the hose hissing and hitting and bouncing off the car, it wasn't until it was repeated that I understood the voice had called my name. "Ryan!" Stopping and turning, I saw Mrs. Watson from across the street on her porch, waving.
"Hey Mrs. Watson," I said, waving a hand at her in a friendly greeting.
"Do you think you could help me for a minute when you've got a chance?"
"Sure thing! Do you need help right now or can I finish the car first?"
"Oh no, finish your car."
"Ok, I'll be over in a few minutes." I'd already finished the washing; she'd caught me in my final rinse. It took just a few moments to dry the car and wash the windows and in probably 30 minutes I was ready to head over. I put my shoes back on, leaving my shirt off as it was covered with grass and I'd inadvertantly gotten it wet, and stepped to the door. "Hey Babe!" I called in to Lindsey, pushing the front door open just a bit, "I'm running across the street for a few minutes to help Mrs. Watson with something. Be right back."
"Ok" is all I heard before I pulled the door shut.
~
"Hey Mrs. Watson," I said when she answered the door, "what do you need?"
"Oh, my goodness!" she laughed, her eyes strolling up and down my naked chest. "I ask the God's for help and they send me Adonis!" She laughed, and so did I. "But you can call me Tonya."
"Well Tonya, I don't know about Adonis," I said, "but if you need a strong back and a weak mind... I'm your man." We both laughed and she held the door open.
I followed Tonya inside where she had a ladder out to be able to reach a recessed light that had apparently burned out. At 27, she could easily be 30, 35... maybe even 40 years my senior in age, but I couldn't help but admire that she was in much better shape than many women her age. She hadn't let her body go to seed; she may not have been 25 anymore but her legs, bare and exposed beneath nice fitting shorts surrounding a pleasant bottom, were still pleasantly muscular. Her shirt was a tight-fitting white shirt, not quite a tank top, not quite a tee shirt, the form of the lace of her bra visible through the shirt although the shirt itself wasn't see-through.
"It's just a couple of things that I can't do by myself. Let's start with the light, I just can't quite reach it." She had a new light bulb handy so, before I went up, I flipped the light switch on, seeing that other lights responded but that one didn't, confirming it was probably a bad light. "Let me hold the ladder," she said as I started up the steps, coming up from behind me and leaning onto the side rail as I climbed. Reaching the step where I could reach the light, her one hand was on the side rail, her second hand came up and gripped my thigh, just above my knee. I easily could have climbed the two or three steps of the ladder without her holding it, and especially I could have stood and worked without her touching my leg.Is she coming on to me?ran through my mind, but I said nothing.
I took the light and easily reached the one in the ceiling, feeling it wiggle quite easily when I touched it. I asked her to turn the light switch on again, and with it on, when I pushed against the bulb, it lit up. I couldn't reach into the fixture very well, but when I got my fingers around it, I tightened the bulb and it stayed on.
"It was just a loose bulb," I said as I began to come back down. I began to move down, and when my leg lowered, she released the grip on my leg without pulling her hand back immediately, the effect being that her hand slid up my thigh until it contacted my shorts, just inches away from the family jewels, at which time she finally withdrew her hand. "This one is still good, put it away. That kind of makes sense; that's an LED bulb and they should last a long time." I'd stepped down the one rung, she hadn't yet moved back so she was blocking my way.
"Oh wonderful! They're not exactly cheap and I only had those installed a few months ago. That one just never worked right all the time."
"Yeah, it was loose. It will probably be ok, now. Ok, I'll come down now," I said as she still hadn't moved and was blocking my way.
"Oh yes, sorry," she said, stepping sideways and out of my way. I took the ladder and folded it up, leaning it against the wall.
"What else?"
"I was rearranging the bedroom and wanted to move the bed and the dresser, but I can't get them by myself."
"No problem," I said, "let's have a look."
I could see where she would have had trouble moving the large queen size bed on her own. Even with me there, I could tell it was better to remove the mattresses, rearrange the frame and then put the mattresses back. I easily lifted the top mattress, leaning it onto an edge where she steadied it while I got into position and then we moved it against the wall. Two split box springs came out with little effort, and now the frame was easily moved. No sooner did I pull against the frame than something fell to the floor with a thud between the wall and the headboard. "What was that?" she asked.
From my vantage point I could tell it was some type of large notebook, although I couldn't see what. "Nothing critical," I answered, "looks like a notebook. Let's get this positioned and then we'll get that." I basically manhandled the frame, easily sliding it into place without needing to lift, with only a little help from her, and once it was in position, turned back to get the box springs. In so doing I saw the notebook again, and stepped over to pick it up.
It didn't have a label or name or anything on the outside, and as I picked it up, it flopped open to a full-frontal, nearly nude, photo of Tonya lounging on her back on a bed, wearing high heels, a white button up blouse unbuttoned and folded back, and nothing else. It was obviously an erotic photo, designed to entice whoever was looking at it, not something that would normally be shared among others.
She was much younger in the picture, probably the same age that Lindsay and I were now. Although totally nude, it was obviously a professionally done and very tasteful picture, accentuating her beauty. "Oh my," I said, beginning to fold the notebook closed, the top photo flopping down to expose a second of her posed nearly nude in lingerie in front of a window, silhouetted by the bright light from outside, her body showing virtually no detail except for one very hard and very erect nipple artfully silhouetted.
"What's that?" Trish said, stepping over to see what I had. "Oh!" she exclaimed, reaching out and grabbing the book from my hands, "you weren't supposed to see that." She turned and set the closed book on the nightstand behind her. "I haven't even thought of where that was in quite a while. Out of sight, out of mind, I guess."
"Those are you?" I questioned, understanding perfectly that the naked beauty in the notebook was now the much older woman standing before me. I'd never really paid any attention to her until then, but also realizing that I could easily imagine the naked sexpot in the pictures was the woman in front of me.
"They were an anniversary present for my husband. A girlfriend and I had boudoir photos taken for our husbands. I don't know how they got behind the headboard like that... I haven't seen them in years." Somehow, that didn't strike true; I had the sudden inkling that she'd known exactly where they were. Was it the lack of dust on the outer cover? Was it her hand on my leg, sliding up my leg as I'd climbed down the ladder?
"Your husband was a lucky man. You were quite the hottie."
"Yeah, past tense." She said. I let it go.
We put the box springs and mattress back in the new position, and then turned to the dresser. It was too large to move with all the drawers in place, so I pulled the top drawer out and turned to set it on the bed. She pulled the second drawer out and when I turned back, the contents of the third drawer was now fully exposed, her lingerie drawer.
My glance caught many images. A sheer nightie, lacy panties, an open cup bra. It had never really crossed my mind how little there was to a sheer thong panty until right then when I saw the little nothing of a string thong next to a larger lacy panty. There were other things; full bras, cotton panties, but everything on top was sexy stuff; things that would be worn for a lover. Was it pure chance? I didn't comment, although it crossed my mind that as a widow, I had to wonder if she had a lover. I just set the drawer on the bed and with three drawers removed, the dresser was stable and light enough to move to the new location. Afterward I put the third drawer back in place, and when I turned, she was handing me the second, followed by the first.
It only took about 15 minutes and her bedroom was rearranged. I helped her remake the bed, and bid her goodbye.
~
"I think," I started that evening when Lindsey and I were starting dinner, "Tonya Watson was coming on to me when I went to help her today."
"What?" Lindsey responded, stepping back from the cutting board where she'd been slicing some tomatoes for a salad. "Why?"
"You know, it's almost like I want to think I was imagining it," I started, and then proceeded to tell all of it. Tonya putting her hand on my thigh, holding it there until it touched my shorts as I came down. Pulling open the drawers, finding the lingerie drawer with her naughtiest nothings on top. I described the baby doll nightie, the open cup bra, her lacy see-through panties, and then seeing her 'everyday' stuff underneath. "It just didn't make sense, why would you have all the sexy stuff on top, and the stuff you wear everyday underneath where you'd have to move it out of the way every time? Her husband has been dead for a while now, it would seem to me that stuff would be under her everyday stuff."
"I'll bet you liked that," she said with a giggle, "I'll bet she'd look good in an open tit bra."
"Why do you say that?" I asked, realizing that my cock was expanding a bit. I wasn't imagining Tonya, but rather what my wife Lindsey would look like in an open top bra that accentuated her breasts. She had flimsy and sexy bras, and her nipples were always hard all evening long when she wore them, our sex afterward always being phenomenal.
"You'd like it if I wore one of those wouldn't you?" She asked, turning and putting her arms around me before sliding one hand down to the front of my pants to squeeze my cock. "Shall I get one for you? What do you think, maybe she had a date?"
"Maybe." I told about moving the headboard and the notebook falling to the floor. "She had nude pictures of herself in it."
"WHAT? And you saw them?"
"It flopped open to the first one," I went on to describe the picture, "and when I started to close it, it flopped to a second one. She said she'd had some boudoir photos made years ago for her husband, probably when they were close to our age now, and hadn't realized that the notebook had gotten lodged behind the headboard. She said she hadn't seen it in years."
"That could be."
"I don't know. If true, then why wasn't it dusty?" I told her that despite having picked it up, closed it, and handed it to Tonya, there had not been a speck of dust on my hands afterward. "Even the top of the headboard had dust on it."
"I'll bet she was really pretty." I didn't say anything. Although not as young as she had been, I had to agree. I really thought Tonya Watson was still quite pretty and wondered again just how old she was. She obviously wasn't 25 anymore like Lindsey, but still had a nice body.
We were in bed before Lindsey brought it up again, I was cuddled to her backside, my hand wrapped across her naked shoulder with her breast filling my hand when she said, "Do you suppose Tonya knows my husband likes titties?"
"Don't most men?" I laughed quietly in her ear, nuzzling, and nibbling on her ear lobe, "She did have some nice ones, still does for that matter. Nice ruby nipples, and a full bush. Do you suppose she still has a full bush?"
"You've never seen her nipples," she responded, her hand coming over her hip to grip my erection pressing against her bottom.
"Nope, just in the picture."
"You'd like that though, wouldn't you? Seeing her topless, or maybe wearing that open cupped bra you described? Maybe in her baby doll?"
"Hmmm, maybeIshould getyouone of those open cup bras? I do like your titties." Lindsey rolled over to face me, her mouth finding and attacking mine. Our lovemaking for some reason seemed especially hot that night.
~
Lindsey's Tale
"Hey Tonya, it's Lindsey. From across the street? Are you at home?" I'd asked if she was home as I had called her cell phone. Does anyone even have home phones anymore? She confirmed she was home, and I asked if it was OK if I came over to visit. When she said she wasn't busy and to come on over, I asked if she liked iced tea and told her I'd bring some with me.
"Ryan told me about helping to rearrange your room the other day," I started. We'd moved out to her patio and I'd poured us a couple of glasses of tea. By jumping right into it, I knew it would put her on the defensive if she reallyhadbeen making overtures to my husband, and her slightly nervous manner confirmed to me that she absolutely had at least let Ryan know that she wasn't averse tosomething.I laughed at her nervous response. "It's OK Tonya, he told me everything, but what I really wanted to know about was your boudoir photo notebook. I've heard about such things before, and with our anniversary coming up in a couple of months... well, I was thinking of doing the same for Ryan. I've never known anyone who did it before, wasn't even sure how to find out about such things."
Tonya was obviously relieved that all I asked about was the photo album, I sensed that she was afraid I'd accuse her of coming on to my husband, and she was then perfectly happy to just tell about her photo shoot. "Oh my god, I swear that was one of the hottest things I ever did. My girlfriend and I both did it for our husbands. I don't think I ever would have done it if it hadn't been for her."
"Ryan said that he only saw a couple of pictures, were they fully nude?"
She giggled, "Oh yeah, at least one of those that he saw certainly was. It was my girlfriend Suzie that came up with the idea of boudoir pictures, but she was leery of doing it alone, so I agreed to go along with her. It was going to be just her, but when we talked to the photographer, somehow, I found myself agreeing to do them for my husband, too. We weren't going to do nudes originally, we'd asked for lingerie pictures, but it just sort of naturally evolved. He asked us to show him what clothes we'd brought along and started us with sexy clothes that left us more fully covered."
"He was really good; it was quite obvious from the beginning that there was a big difference between the snapshots that we all normally take with a camera and a posed and professional shot. He had two pictures of Delicate Arch - from Arches National Park - on the wall in the front of the studio. One was a "snapshot," the other his professionally set up photo. Both were the same size, side by side. The one was labeled as "snapshot" and gave the time and date, the other was listed as "Professional Photo", and had the same time and date. The difference was incredible. The one was obviously "just" a picture, a vacation memory if you will, but the professional photo was phenomenal. The color, the shadows, the crispness, the clouds in the sky, some parts in focus, others a bit fuzzy. He used that as an illustration of the difference between the photography that most of us do and what a trained eye with professional equipment can do. "
"As the photo shoot went on, he just kept suggesting more and more risqué shots and well... before long, he was photographing us at least partly naked."
"Oh my god, I don't know if I could do that in front of some stranger."
"That's what we said too, but it just sort of happened. He was really good, he'd have us pose, set up the lighting as he wanted, set us up as he wanted. His wife was there, sometimes in the studio with us, other times just around the house, so it was a lot more comfortable for us. Truthfully, I never felt uncomfortable with anything he had us do. Even getting naked in front of him we didn't feel like he was playing us. He'd have us move, reset a pose, and take more pictures. Sometimes he'd pose us multiple different ways and whatever he was doing wouldn't work out, other times he'd shoot just one or two and get what he wanted. He had us gradually getting more and more naked, making the pictures sexier. He'd drop a strap off our shoulder, he'd have us almost expose our breasts. We moved into see-through lingerie and he knew how to arrange the lights to expose our bodies through the cloth or make it so the clothes were instead opaque. At one time he told me to roll my nipples, to make then hard so they showed through whatever it was that I was wearing, and had me do that multiple times later on; he knew that my husband would really like that. After a few times he didn't even have to ask, I knew to keep my nipples hard. I was really self-conscious that first time, and probably wouldn't have done it except that his wife was right there. One of the last photos of the day, he'd had me slip the strap of the chemise down my arm and when I moved, it slipped over my breast and he caught a picture with my one breast exposed with my nipple hard. When we came back the next week and saw the results, that turned out to be one of my favorite pictures. My husband loved it too."
"The next week? He didn't give them to you right then?"
"Oh no, that was all on film -- before digital cameras. He took literally hundreds of pictures, and developed them during the week and then only had the very best ones blown up for us to look at. We saw the entire set of pics, he had a light table that let us look at the film without having to print large pictures, but he knew what he was doing."
"Wow. Hundreds of pics?"
"Oh yeah, we were there for about 4 hours each time, on three consecutive weekends, and he went through alotof film. A lot of the pictures were almost identical, but he could almost instantly look at them and say, "these aren't good enough," and then the ones he printed were phenomenal.
"Wow. And he got you to take naked pics?
"It wasn't that he told us to strip or anything, it was just sort of a natural progression. Sexy clothes, sexy lingerie, gradually taking pictures with less and less on, and more and more showing. He'd run through a series of pics wearing something, and then have us change. He had a little dressing room off to one side and Suzie and I would go in there and change. He'd go in with us and suggest what to wear next and then leave to set up what he wanted, but after a while he was seeing us naked or nearly so anyway. And then," she shrugged her shoulders, "eventually, we got totally naked."
"Wow. And you weren't worried about him maybe...."
"Oh no. His studio was at his home and, like I said, his wife was there too. She'd bring in refreshments, bring him supplies, and just come and go, so it wasn't like there wasnobodyelse around. She would look at the pictures with us and pick some out, she had a pretty good eye herself. There were a couple of pictures that she said he should print out and she was right. The second week, we were fully nude almost the entire session. Everything he did was beautiful, sexy, without being pornographic, but yet, erotic. Like rolling my nipples so they were erect."
"What did your husband say about them when he saw them?"
"He absolutely loved them. Would you like to see them?"
"Really? I'd love to." Tonya got up and went into the house, coming back in a few minutes with not one, but two, albums. She sat down next to me, let me look at them, and described or added explanations as needed. The first album were pictures of mostly totally clothed, although all very sexy, and each very different. There were pictures in shirts and skirts, with bras, without bras, in bikinis, sexy dresses, nightgowns, and tee shirts. The photos themselves were in excellent shape, although from the hair and clothes styling, to say nothing about the current age of Tonya versus the age when these were taken, it was obvious that they were a few years old.
"He had a way of capturing me in a way I'd never considered before. More than just a snapshot, my husband had lots of pictures of me, but after that I knew the difference between a snapshot and a photograph. After I had these done, I was never able to look at a picture of me taken by my husband and see more than just a snapshot."
"Wow, that's a lot of pictures," I said as I approached the end of the album.
"And that's just the first week," she said. "For every picture here, there were at least 20 that he threw away, maybe even 50, as they weren't good enough."
"Wow, is he still in business? Does he still do boudoir pictures?"
"Bill? No, I doubt he's still alive. He retired years ago, but his daughter continued on when he retired, and she does them."
I turned the last page and, for the first time, saw a partial nude of Tonya. She was sitting at a dressing table, her arms raised brushing her hair. A loose-fitting and silky chemise hung from one shoulder, a bare breast with erect nipple peaking over the top of the chemise. It was by far the most stunning picture. "Oh my god, that's gorgeous!" I exclaimed.
"It is isn't it? That's the picture that convinced me I should let him shoot me nude. And the thing is it was totally accidental."
"You can tell. Just looking at it... you exude... sexy innocence?" I said. "Wow."
"Yeah, until then I'd told him no nudes, and then when he posed me for that pictures, the strap was intentionally well down my arm, and he took several pictures like that but when he had me raise my arms to brush my hair, my breast fell out andthatwas this picture. He always took multiple shots of every pose, every situation, and sometimes they just all got thrown away. For that pose, this was the only one that was truly phenomenal. It was one of my husband's favorites too. Bill had asked multiple times if we wanted to do some nude photos but until I saw that picture, I'd always said no. Of course, we didn't see that photo until the second week when we went back to look at the pics, supposedly our photo shoot was all done that first week. But after Suzie and I saw that pic, we both changed our minds about nude pictures, and another photo shoot, and both of us agreed if he could make them as tasteful as that was, we'd let him. Most of our second week was nudes. Fully nude, partially nude, a lot of the same things as the week before, but with us partially undressed or undressing. He really had a knack for showing me in my best light. I never thought I looked that good naked, but he created photos that even made me say "wow." It's funny how a picture in the act of getting undressed can be a lot sexier than just a fixed naked pose." Picking up the second photo album she reached over and handed it to me, taking the first one back.
The photos were just as stunning, except that in this album she was indeed mostly nude, and very sexy, without being pornographic. I recognized the photo of her nearly naked and lying back on the bed, wearing only an unbuttoned white blouse; and then, when I came to it several pages further, recognized the one of her silhouetted against a bright window that Ryan had described, and said to her that I thought this was the album he told me he had seen. When I commented about how, for the silhouetted picture, the sun had been in a perfect position, she laughed and said that it was all indoors, in the studio. The trees and view outside the window were a drop down, and the "sun" was really bright lights off to one side behind the façade of the window, positioned exactly where he'd wanted them but where they couldn't be seen in the picture. The effect was an idyllic afternoon country scene through a window with a gorgeous nude woman silhouetted. "Suzie had one almost like it, but for some reason mine was better. Bill said that happened, that sometimes one photo just stood out, while trying to replicate it with all the same camera settings, often it just didn't work out."
The nude photos were equally as stunning as the clothed photos, andallof them very sexy. "We'd been married about as long as you guys, maybe 5 years, when I had these taken. Truthfully, our love life had gotten a bit stale, but after I had these made, after I'd shared myself with him in ways that I'd never considered before, it made it... well, after that whenever things began to get a little 'stale', all I ever had to do was leave these albums out on the table."
"I'll bet. I've tried to take some sexy selfies for Ryan, but..."
"Yeah, you can't take good pics like these on your own. It's not for everyone, but if you think that Ryan would like it, I'd say to go for it. You'll never regret it."
I hadn't realized it while looking at the pictures, but now sitting still and thumbing through them once again, looking to decide that "if" I really decided to go ahead with this, what poses I'd really like to do, I realized that Ryan was really going to like going to bed this evening. "Did you pick the poses?"
"No, he picked the poses, we picked the pictures we liked the best, that is, after he'd already sorted out the really mediocre ones. He said beforehand that we could turn down anything that didn't appeal to us, but he was the photographer, not us." I realized she had said something earlier that didn't make total sense.
"Earlier, you said 'three weekends?' Is there a third album?" I wasn't really sure why I asked, and if there was, why hadn't she brought it out also?
Tonya didn't say anything, her silence telling me as much as if she'd answered. Finally, she nodded. I didn't say anything and after a moment she said. "The third week, we got a little naughty."
"Oh." I wasn't sure what that meant, until she said something more, I didn't know exactly what "a little naughty" meant.
"The first week's pictures were all dressed; partly dressed, lingerie and the like. And then when we saw them and he suggested some nudes, we were both a bit bashful, but as you can see, they turned out wonderfully."
"Suzie? She had her own photos taken?"
"Yeah, we both got separate albums of the first two weeks." She paused, "But he suggested we take pictures together the last week."
"Nude?"
"Yes." I just nodded and waited. "We'd both oohed and awed over each other's pics, and when Bill suggested that we should do some artful nudes together, we both looked at each other and after all we'd done so far, we barely even hesitated."
"There's a third album?"
She nodded. A moment later she said, "would you like to see it? We never shared it with anyone else when Dave was alive, although Suzie and her husband also got a copy. But if you want to see them..."
"I don't know," I said, my pussy suddenly very wet. "Do you think I'd want to do pics like that for Ryan?"
"I didn't think I'd want to when I started, but by the time we ended, they were a natural progression. We got... a bit more than just... artful nudes. And they were also some of Dave's favorites."
"Can I see them?" She didn't say anything, just got up and went back into the house, returning a moment later with a third album. The first two albums had white cloth covers, the third had a purple cloth cover. There was no chance of mixing up those albums.
Just like with the first two, I opened and started at the first page. The immediate difference was that whereas Tonya had been alone in the first albums, here she was joined by a very pretty, blond haired, woman. She and Tonya weren't that much different in height and weight, although the blond had bigger boobs than Tonya. "Suzie?" I asked.
"Yeah."
Tonya and Suzie were both quite photogenic, and the photographer posed them together quite well. The very first photo was the two of them together, their arms wrapped around each other, just as if they were close (but naked) friends. From there they moved on, gradually getting more and more... exotic? Erotic? Arousing? Suggestive? Their bodies were juxtaposed on top of each other, always in a different pose, initially just like the previous weeks poses, just with two bodies instead of one. Also, unlike the first two albums, these pictures were quite sexual in nature.
On one picture they were lying beside each other, head to toe, each with their head resting on the others leg. It wasn't hard to imagine them moving into a 69, but they weren't having sex in the picture. On two other pictures, each with one of the girls behind the other, their hands reaching around and holding the other's breasts.
Turning the page, I found a close up of Tonya's tongue extended and touching Suzie's nipple. Another close-up of Suzie's face with Tonya's nipple in her mouth; yet another close-up of Tonya's nipple being pulled by Suzie's fingers.
On another photo, Tonya was suspended and leaning over Suzie who was obviously on her back, their nipples touching. Another picture was of the two of them kissing, their hands on each other's breasts, nipples being pinched by the other's fingers. Gradually the pictures became more and more explicit, their hands and bodies accentuating the others body. One of the last pictures was of Suzie going down on Tonya, the photograph perfectly capturing the fine wisps of her pubic hair, Suzie's tongue on Tonya's clit. I turned to the last picture, and Bill had perfectly captured Tonya in an orgasm, her back arched, her nipples erect, with Suzie obviously between her legs. I had no doubt that it was indeed an orgasm, and to Suzie's tongue.
Just like the previous weeks work, the photographer had been a master of lighting, a master of posing. There wasn't a picture in the lot that wasn't an erotic masterpiece. I slowly flipped through the entire album again, Tonya just sitting and watching. "Were, uh, you and Suzie... involved?" I asked, not sure how to ask whether these pictures were of lovers or just two very sexy women.
"No." She paused and then explained, "We weren't lovers if that's what you're asking." She motioned to the album. "That last picture, that was the only time I've ever had a woman go down on me and the only orgasm I've ever had with a woman."
"And you with her?"
"No. I couldn't do it."
"But she, did you?"
"Oh yes, she definitely did that. The thing is, we didn't become lovers, we hadn't really thought that was going to happen, but by the time it did, we were both on fire and it just seemed the natural thing to do, and then when I came, Bill caught it all on camera. Afterward we both admitted we really didn't want that to be part of our relationship, but I didn't regret it in the least."
"And Bill never made any advances or anything..."
"No. That last week, his wife was there the whole time. She'd come and gone during the first two weeks, never gone very long, but that last week when we were... getting naughty?... she made sure to stay with us the whole time."
I nodded, thinking back on playing with my roommate in college. We'd been two horny college girls, and although I'd done her and she'd done me, I understood perfectly Tonya's words.
"I once played with my roommate in college. It was fun to do, but not my thing."
"Yeah, it wasn't mine either. I didn't mind her going down on me but..." She didn't have to explain.
"Wow," I said, closing the album and shaking my head. "Very sexy. Ryan said you still are very sexy. I agree, you were so sexy then. Still are."
"Thank you. I think."
I thought about it for several moments before I said, "I think I want to do it."
"Really?"
I giggled. "Oh my god, if Ryan were home, I'd be going home and jumping his bones right now."
Tonya laughed outright. "You can't believe how much that sounds like me way back when. My husband didn't know why, but he sure appreciated Saturday nights for a few weeks." Neither of us said anything for a moment before she added. "You'll never regret it. It was one of the greatest things for our sex life."
"You didn't mind," I motioned to the third album, "him seeing Suzie or being naked with her?"
"No. No more than he minded Suzie's husband seeing me naked. They both actually thought Suzie's and my shots together were the best." I nodded, silently agreeing. The original boudoir shots were great, the seconds weeks were better, and the sexy pics of the third week were by far the best.
"You said his daughter is also a photographer?"
"Oh yeah, she took over the business when she graduated from college. She went to a private college in Santa Barbara that specialized in photography... Brooks Institute? Yeah, I think that was it. She wanted to be a wildlife photographer, but when her dad retired, he passed the business on to her."
"She's good?"
"Seems to be. I've seen some of her stuff at the County Fair every year, she's got a really good eye." Without saying anything she stood and went inside, coming back a few moments later with an old business card for Bill. "All the info for the business is the same except that it's now Emily, instead of Bill." I nodded.
"If I do this, would you go with me? Moral support?"
It took just a few moments on the phone and I had an appointment with Emily, Bill's daughter and now a middle-aged woman herself, for Friday in a few weeks. She'd initially asked what kind of photos I was looking for and when I said that I was looking at boudoir photos for our anniversary, she said "Oh, of course. Those are quite popular."
~
"Lindsey?" Tonya said when I answered the knock on the front door.
"Oh hey, Tonya," I said, although I'd seen her through the glass when I'd answered. "Come on in. What's up?"
"I'm heading out of town this weekend, I was just wondering, could I impose on you to just check on the house once a day?"
"Of course," I said, wondering why she needed something like that, "when are you heading out?"
"Friday Morning. I'm going to visit some friends and will be back early afternoon on Monday. I know it's a bit unusual, but we had a water hose for the washing machine burst while we were on vacation one year so I'm always a bit leery of just leaving anymore without asking someone to occasionally stop by and see that everything is ok."
"We'll be glad too," I said, taking the key that she was offering.
~
"Hey Ryan," I called out to the living room on Saturday morning, "I'm going over to Tonya's just to check that everything is OK."
"Give me a sec and I'll go with you."
"It's just a quick walk-thru," I answered, a bit puzzled at this unnecessary accompaniment. He grabbed my hand as we walked across the street, holding the screen door at her house for me as I opened the front door to let us in.
The house currently felt and sounded empty but also felt lived in; it had that feeling that nobody was home, which of course was true. I walked through the kitchen and laundry room, Ryan right behind me; poked my head into the den and then into her bedroom. A quick look around everywhere, and all was in order, but as I turned around, I bumped into Ryan where he'd stopped right behind me at the door to her bedroom. I hadn't felt any need to snoop in her room, everything looked kosher, so I was just going to leave, but Ryan was looking over my shoulder. I turned to where he was looking, and spotted one of the albums on her dresser.
"That's the photo album," he said.
"Oh?" I giggled, the reason for Ryan coming with me suddenly becoming abundantly clear. He'd wanted a chance to look at the album again. I didn't tell him that it was just one of three albums that I knew about, or that I'd looked at all three. I hadn't told him a thing about my discussion with Tonya so as to keep my plans secret.
This one had a white cover, so I knew it was one of the albums from the first two weeks. "Is that what you saw when you helped move her bed?" I asked innocently, not indicating that I had an appointment to discuss having pictures of my own taken at the end of the week. I walked back into Tonya's bedroom, picked up the album and began to flip through it. It was the album from her first week photo shoot, all wearing lingerie and sexy clothes, not the album he'd seen before. Ryan had followed right behind and was now looking over my shoulder as I opened the album. "I thought you said she was nude?" I asked, playing innocent, turning, and holding the album so he could see what I was seeing.
"She was," Ryan said, his hand slipping onto my waist so he could look better, "at least in the pictures I saw."
"Wow, she was really pretty, wasn't she?"
"Still is. Just a little older."
"Yeah." I didn't say anything for a few moments, just slowly flipping from picture to picture, ogling them myself, and giving Ryan a chance to ogle our neighbor's sexy pictures. "Wow! Look how hard her nipples are," I said toward the end of the album, to a picture that showed her breasts through a sheer nighty. Although not yet nude, her nipples obviously showed through the sheer cloth. I wondered if that was the one that she'd said the photographer had told her to roll her nipples and make them hard. Somehow, I was sure it must be.
"Oh My God," Ryan responded, his hand slipping down to my bottom, "she was really a hottie, wasn't she?"
"Was Mrs. Robinson like this?" I asked, referring to his first lover.
"Yes, but I think Tonya's sexier."
"Oh my god, look at this!" I said, turning to the last page, the one with Tonya's bare breast exposed. "That," I exclaimed, "is hot." Ryan's hand slid up my side, under my arm and fondled my boob.
"Yes, it is," he said, his fingers finding my nipple.
"I'll bet you'd like to do her, just like you did Mrs. Robinson, huh?" I giggled.
"And cheat on you? Not likely," He laughed. "I wonder where the other album is?"
"What other album?" I asked, knowing full well what he meant.
"The pictures I saw, she was nude... she must have another album somewhere?"
"I guess," I said, and taking the album stepped back across the room and put it back on the dresser where it had been. "Let's look."
I didn't know where she'd put it, whether it was hidden in a closet or out, but it didn't take much looking around to find it. I spotted it first, on the top shelf of the bookshelf in the den, adjacent to the purple album. "Is that it?" I said, "the white one? The other one looked just like that didn't it?"
"Maybe," he answered, reaching up and pulling it off the shelf without paying any attention to the purple album beside it. "Oh wow," he added seconds later, folding open the first page and seeing Tonya much more exposed than she was in the first album.
"Come on," I said, taking his hand, "let's sit down." I took him out onto the couch in the living room, pushing him down and snuggling up next to him. We paged through the album, picture by picture, seeing Tonya both nude and on display.
"Oh, I like that," he said to a picture of Tonya in her open cupped bra, her nipples proudly on display. "Do you suppose they're still that nice?"
"Hmm, I don't know why they wouldn't be."
"Maybe 30 years of gravity?" I giggled, and turned to him, kissing his cheek and reaching down to fondle his hard-on in his pants. "Were you checking her out?"
"No, just that she's really not bad looking."
"Hmm," I said, "I'll be right back. Toilet." At least that's what I said as I left him perusing the semi-nude notebook of Tonya. Instead, I went into her bedroom. As he'd told me previously, her third drawer down was her lingerie drawer. Looking in, I was immediately sure that he'd been right, she'd tried to entice Ryan as most of the naughty lingerie that had been on top when he'd helped move the dresser was no longer spread out on top. More arranged how I would have, her panties were on one side, her nighties in the middle, and her bras on the other. I picked up her bras, finding what I thought was the naughty open cupped bra turned out to be just one of three similar ones, with a couple of what I would have thought were more everyday bras. I pulled my shirt and own bra off, just dropping them to the ground, and took out one of her open cupped bras. The bra didn't fit me quite perfectly, I'm a bit bigger than Tonya, but it fit well enough I told myself. I looked in the dresser mirror and knew Ryan was going to love this.
"Well?" I asked as I stepped in front of him, causing him to look up from Tonya's picture book. "Shall I get me one?"
"Oh my god!" Ryan exclaimed, his eyes bugging out. "Is that Tonya's?"
"Uh huh," I said, reaching down to accept his extended hand. He pushed the notebook to one side, pulling me into his lap, his hands immediately going to my bare tits and nipples.
"Oh my god, why haven't you had something like this before?"
"I didn't know you'd like it that much," I said, my hand rubbing the erection in his pants. "Umm, baby, you better take these pants off and fuck me. I'm horny."
"So am I."
It didn't take long for us to get naked, or nearly so. I kept the bra on, after all my breasts were already exposed. I helped undo his pants, until he pushed them down his legs and then raised his arms as I pulled his shirt off. Still sitting, now totally naked, my shorts dropped to the floor and I climbed on, sliding his cock inside me as we fucked on Tonya's couch. He couldn't keep his mouth off my tits, and soon enough we came, almost together.
"Oh my god, baby. I've got to get you one of these," he said, his finger running across the upper edge of the bra, stroking my nipples. "Oh, I love your tits and nipples!" he said.
"I know you do. I bet you'd love Tonya's if she was wearing this too."
"Not as much as I love yours." I could feel Ryan's cock begin to soften inside me, and when it almost fell out, I stood, dribbling his cum all down between his legs and over his cock onto the couch.
"Oh crap," I said, "hold on a minute and let me get a washcloth." I found one in the cupboard above the washing machine, and moments later was back, cleaning up the semen mess between his legs. "Slide down," I said, pulling him forward onto the floor. He did as I instructed. "Were we done with that?" I asked, picking up the album and turning to sit beside him on the floor.
"Almost," he said, rapidly flipping through the beginning of the album to where we were before. I shared with him when I saw a picture that really turned me on, he did likewise, and before we were done his cock was more than beginning to respond again.
"My god, those were sexy," I said, as we flipped to the last page. "I wonder if she's got more?" I asked innocently, knowing the answer before I said anything.
"I don't know," Ryan answered, "I didn't know she had a second."
"Wasn't there a purple album next to this one?" I said, "I think I saw one, let me go look." I hopped up naked, except for the bra, and padded into the den, retrieving the purple one. "Oh my," I said as I walked back into the living room, "you're really going to like this one," I giggled as if I had never seen it before, "I think Tonya has a really naughty streak."
It didn't take long of flipping through the third album and Ryan's cock was totally hard again, my hand wrapped around and slowly stroking. "Who's the other girl? She's really pretty too."
"I don't know," I lied, "do you suppose they were lovers?" I knew they were semi-lovers, but we hadn't gotten that far back yet. "God, you're so hard again," I said, and then leaned down to take him in my mouth.
"Oh my God, Lindsey. That's fabulous." I bobbed up and down on his cock for a minute or two, and then rose, turned around and lowered myself onto him. "Oh, fuck!" he exclaimed as I settled into place.
"Later," I said, wiggling my hips down onto his erection, "right now I just want you in me while we perv on our sexy neighbor."
He giggled, his hands coming up to grip my breasts and tweak my nipples. "OK, but you're going to have to turn the pages. I'm busy."
I held the book and slowly turned the pages, letting him tell me why he found one really hot, and I did the same. Looking at them in order like this, it was evident that Tonya and Suzie were getting closer and closer to making love. "Oh my god, that's really hot," he said when on the next to the last page, Suzie's tongue was shown reaching out to touch Tonya's clit -- which was erect and protruding from her body. Earlier a pussy shot had included her clit, still covered by its hood but at that time her clit itself hadn't been visible.
"It is, isn't it?" I acknowledged, and slowly turned to the very last page, showing Tonya having an orgasm.
"She's coming, isn't she?" Ryan stated.
"I would say so. It sure looks like it." I folded the cover closed, and began to set the book down beside us, when Ryan rose, with me in his lap, and pushed forward. It was a bit awkward, he slipped out of me, but seconds later he had pushed me forward onto my knees, and again slipped back into me, doggy style. I collapsed onto my arms, butt in the air while he pummeled me from behind; we were both well aroused, and despite having made love just minutes before, we both came again.
Lying there on my arms after we'd both cum, I began to giggle again. "Do you suppose Tonya would mind if we occasionally come over and make love in her living room?"
"I don't know, but if we keep this up, we're going to leave cum stains where they shouldn't be," he said. He'd slipped out of me again and, as I rolled over, I could see a puddle of semen on the floor that had leaked out of my pussy. He reached over and handed me the rag from before and I cleaned up the mess on the floor. "Let's go home," he said.
"Naked?"
"Oh yeah, the neighbors would really like that, wouldn't they? I think perhaps we'd better get dressed first."
"I guess," I said, "party pooper!"
I reached for the clasp on Tonya's bra, but his hand came out to grip mine. "Wear that for me? We can bring it back tomorrow." I didn't argue.
~
"So, boudoir photos?" Emily asked, when we showed up for an interview at her studio. "For both of you? Are you girlfriends?"
"Oh no," Tonya laughed, "just neighbors. Your dad did a photo shoot for my girlfriend and me back when you were just a kid."
"Oh? Really? They were private photos?"
"They were supposed to be."
"Then I won't have them. Anything that anyone asked to be kept private he was meticulous on destroying the originals. Anything else I've probably still got negatives from, although a lot of the really old stuff has deteriorated and is unusable. That's really important in this digital age, there are a lot of less than reputable people out there. Many is the woman who's found her pictures on the internet, and that never works out for the better."
"I've got the albums."
"Really? I'd love to see them. I can almost always tell my dad's work; it always has a certain... flair to it."
"I brought them along, they're in the car. Lindsey saw them," Tonya said nodding toward me, "and decided she wanted to do something similar for her husband."
"Boudoir photos and, even more... explicit... photography is quite popular. I do more of that these days than family portraits. It's also a bit more expensive."
"Why is that?"
"It takes longer. I can schedule 6 family photo sessions in a day, but just one boudoir session. By the time we change sets, lights, you change clothes, I review and edit the photos, it's an all-day affair and I do have to make a living. A lot of couples want sex photos, too. Those always take a long time. Especially when people want to actually be out in nature rather than a studio."
"They do? You mean pictures like... while actually having sex? Outdoors?"
Emily nodded. "You'd be surprised. There are a lot of photographers with excellent work, and many people don't mind sharing after they've had pictures taken. Ever heard of Voyeurweb? Google it, and then look for one of my favorite photographers, Gordon Earle, he posts a lot on there, and I use him for a lot of ideas."
"It takes a long time?" Lindsey said, and then giggled "What, maybe 15 minutes for men and they're all done?" She looked over at Tonya with a smirk on her face.
"Not quite that easy," Emily laughed, acknowledging the joke. "Invariably the men have a hard time with it. They may allthinkthey're porn kings, but many men have real shrinkage problems when someone is watching. And then what the couplesthinkthey want, and what theyreallywant, are totally different. If I give them what they think they want, it's like that picture of Delicate Arch pic of Dad's that's just a snapshot. When I give them what they really want, it's not what they thought. It's surprising, most of the women think they want a photo of giving a blowjob, and most of the men think they want a photo of them fucking their wives or girlfriends... or lovers, but really, there isn't much to see when that's happening. Usually it's very similar to boudoir pictures, it just takes forever to get a few really good erotic shots."
"Wow, yeah, of course, I can see that." Tonya said, "My girlfriend and I actually did three sessions with your dad, three consecutive weeks."
"Oh? That was unusual. Why? Did something not turn out?"
"No," Tonya shook her head, "they turned out too well. We scheduled lingerie shoots, for my girlfriend and me, which we did the first week. We'd specified no nudity, but we just kept getting pictures with less on or sexier clothes on. He suggested multiple times that he could make us look fabulous naked, but we initially turned him down. And then on my last photo of the day, my chemise or negligee slipped off my shoulder and left my breast bare, the only picture that was semi-nude all day. We had to come back the next week to view them, as it took him that long to develop and review, and that one turned out to be the absolute best. One look and I was hooked, Suzie and I both were, and we agreed to let him do nudes."
"That's not unusual, most people are a bit leery of nude photos to begin with, thinking they're not beautiful enough and need the clothes to make them beautiful or sexy, but a good photographer gets around all that."
"Oh, he certainly did that," Tonya stated. "When we were reviewing the second weeks pictures, he asked if we'd considered having pictures taken together. Two beautiful women," she glanced at me, she hadn't said this to me before, "contrasting skin tones, each of us accenting the other. After all he'd done so far, everything was absolutely fabulous and I said yes, I'd like that. Suzie was a bit hesitant but those pictures of the two of us together I think were the sexiest ones."
"I agree, they were hot!"
When Emily suggested that they review the albums to see what her father had done, Tonya went back out to the car and brought the three albums in. Emily immediately confirmed she could readily identify these as her father's work. We reviewed the pictures, and which pictures I really liked, and ideas of what I thought might be what I wanted. She had a little notepad and took notes, afterward saying she had some other ideas too. "I don't just want to replicate his work, although certain poses show up regardless of who the photographer is." She paused and then said, "You guys aren't lovers, right?" I confirmed we weren't, just that we were neighbors, and that we were there on Tonya's recommendation. "It's ok, I'm not judgmental at all. It's just that we often have... women... of different ages together."
"No worries," I said, "We understand."
"So, what about toys? Have you got a dildo or vibrator? Husbands seem to really get off on seeing their wives self-pleasuring." I knew I did, but wasn't so sure about admitting this in front of her or Tonya. I don't know whether she recognized my reluctance to admit it, but said, "No worries, if you've got them and want to bring them along, we'll work them in." And suddenly we were on the calendar for two weeks later.
~
"So, Tonya," I said when we were on the way home, "when you hid the album behind the bed? Was that hoping that maybe my husband would like what he saw too?"
"What?" she asked, a phony shock crossing her face. The thought and relief that she hadn't yet been called on her subterfuge disappearing from her face.
"Is that why you put the album behind the headboard," I repeated, "so you could pretend you didn't know it was there, and maybe seduce my husband?" Her eyes got big and she swallowed, unable to immediately respond.
"He noticed that the album didn't have any dust on it," I continued, glancing over to her as I drove, "whereas the headboard and everything that hadn't been moved recently was dusty. It meant you'd put it there for him to find." She didn't deny my accusation, nor did she admit it, initially.
"It's OK, Tonya. I figured it out. I don't think that Ryan has yet though," I lied.
"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have."
"You mean we shouldn't have."
"Huh?" she said, obviously befuddled by my statement. "You shouldn't have what?"
"Used your pictures as an aphrodisiac and made love in your living room." I paused. "Twice."
"What?" she exclaimed, and I explained our Saturday tryst on her floor and couch, having used her pictures for stimulation. I giggled, 'It was pretty hot. Ryan especially likes your open-cupped bra."
She was silent for a moment. "I first started getting those years ago. My husband liked them a lot, and when they're well fitted, I think they're my most comfortable bra. I still wear them all the time."
"Ryan sure liked it."
"In the pictures? That was an old one, I replaced it years ago."
"No, he liked it onme," I giggled, "although it was a bit small for me. I hope you don't mind, I washed it and put it back before you came home. He said he'd seen it in your drawer when he'd helped move your dresser. Only thing is, it wasn't on top any longer, they were all folded off to one side. You put it on top for him to see, didn't you?"
She was looking out the window, and when I repeated, "You did, didn't you?" I saw her head nod. I could sense her embarrassment, that she'd been caught putting feelers out for my husband, seeing if he wanted to cheat with her.
"How long has it been since you've had sex?" I asked.
She was still looking out the window, but now turned back inside, and looked over at me. "Over four years. Just before he had his heart attack." It was my turn to nod, I didn't say anything for a few moments, turning the car onto our street.
"Why Ryan?"
"I... I..." she hesitated. "I shouldn't have."
"You think he's sexy?" I said, as I pulled into the drive.
"He was in the front yard. I saw him mowing the yard, and he took his shirt off. And then he washed the car, took his shoes off before that so all he was wearing was his shorts... and I... thought about him, coming over and... wondered what it would be like to have a sexy man like that in my bed again."
"Hmmm."
"I was behind the curtains and I took care of myself at the same time." I nodded, just contemplating what to say. "Come on," I said, opening the door, "Let's go in."
I poured us both a glass of tea. "He really liked your pictures; he's said several times he thinks you're pretty sexy."
"Just not twenty-five or thirty anymore."
"He's been with an older woman before. His first time was with an older neighbor woman."
"What?" she said, and I told her the story of Ryan and Mrs. Robinson.
"Just like in The Graduate?"
"What's like the graduate?" I asked, not understanding the reference.
"The movie? The Graduate? Mid-sixties? Dustin Hoffman, Anne Bancroft and who was the girl? Oh! Katharine Ross. College grad gets seduced by Mrs. Robinson, and he then falls for her daughter."
"Oh. Uhm, can't say as I've ever heard of that."
"No way! The Graduate is a classic!"
"Just a bit before my time."
"Lindsey?"
"Yeah?"
"You're right, I made a pass at your husband. I shouldn't have. I'm really sorry." I didn't answer for a moment.
"I'm not."
Tonya looked at me, obviously mixed up by my answer. I opened my mouth, and then closed it again, cocked my head trying to think of how to say what I wanted to.
"I love hearing Ryan tell me about his affair with Mrs. Robinson."
"You do?"
"I do. I like hearing all about his past lovers, but what turns me on the most is hearing about him with her. Hearing about him with an older woman." We took our iced tea and sat at the table.
"We really enjoyed looking at your photos, that was really hot, and we made mad passionate love in your living room. I really liked wearing your bra, too, making him mad for me but... I want something else, too." I stopped and waited, eventually she spoke.
"What's that?" Now it was my turn to gulp. Could I really ask this, could I really go forward with this? A lightning bolt of arousal went through my mind, I could feel my nipples crinkle in anticipation.
"I want you to take my husband to bed. I want you to seduce him."
"Oh my God, Lindsey. You don't really mean that. I was wrong, I shouldn't have done what I did, you don't really mean that."
"Actually, I do."
"For God's sake Lindsey. Why?"
I proceeded to tell her again about Ryan, this time with all the details about being seduced by Mrs. Robinson. Giving her his virginity, having her teach him how to be a lover, how to take care of his woman, take care of his future lovers. "It never fails, when he tells me about his older lover who seduced him, it just really turns me on. I don't know why. I know it's strange, why does anything turn us on? But it does. The thought of Ryan with an older woman..."
"You want him to have sex with me?" I nodded.
"Under one condition."
"What's that?"
"I want to watch."
~
She didn't say yes, she didn't say no, but I knew she was going to do it. She'd made an advance at my husband, who had ignored it, but that just meant he was loyal to me. He'd also told me all about the two pictures he'd seen, how she'd run her hand up his leg, and I knew it had been hard for him to walk away from her, but he had. We'd gone back together and looked at all her pictures, with me getting aroused from him seeing her as much as he got aroused by seeing her. Now, I was sure that if I gave him the OK, it would happen.
~
"So, you want to watch?" She asked the next time we got together, again at her house. "You want to be there?"
"No, I probably shouldn't be there. I just want to see him with you."
"I don't understand you. Why?"
"You just need to know that it turns me on something fierce."
She just looked at me for several seconds, and then nodded. "It's funny how different people react. After Suzie showed her husband our pics, every time we got together after that, I could tell he was coming on to me. I finally told him, when he followed me into the kitchen and were alone one time, to knock it off. He could look at naked pictures of me, just like Dave could look at the pics of his wife and me, but I wasn't interested in him. He finally backed off." She paused for a moment, "What about a camera? Would a recording be OK? It wouldn't be live, but you could look at it again and again." She easily slipped into "how" to make my desires happen, so fast that I almost missed that she was saying she wanted to do this, she wanted to have sex with my husband.
"Like a security camera or something?"
"Yeah, whatever it takes. Security cameras are really cheap anymore."
"They're OK, but most are fixed view. How will you get into the camera view?" I looked out the front window at our house across the street. Our bedroom was in the back, the living room window was in the wrong position. The kitchen was at the other end, but the window wasn't one where I would easily be standing and watching her house from. Despite that the homes had all been built in a tract, the windows in all were positioned so one normally couldn't look into a neighbor's home directly. I looked up, realizing the front upstairs bedroom window looked this direction.I wonder what I can see from the front bedroom at our house,ran through my head, almost absently, and I didn't realize I had said it out loud.
"Do you even use that room?" she asked in return. I turned, startled; realizing I'd said it aloud.
"Not much," I answered. "I use it as a sewing room, and I've got my treadmill set up in there. But anyplace where we can see it from here, I should be able to see in here also." It didn't take long to find that no matter what room we were in at her house, almost any room at the front of her house would probably be visible from our house if someone were behind that upstairs window.
It was several days later, when I was again home alone that I was up to the sewing room and glanced out the window, confirming that I could indeed see into Tonya's home, at least a little. There were semi-sheer curtains in place over the lower portion of her living room windows, partially blocking the view, but from my upstairs window I could look over the top of the curtains. As long as the drapes were pulled, I'd have a view into her living room. I could see the couch, the large easy chair, but not much else. I'd thought I'd be able to see into the spare downstairs bedroom, and although I could, the bed was out of sight. If she'd been sitting at the desk by the window, I could have seen her, but the rest was hidden.
"Tonya!" I said when she answered the phone, "go into your living room. I can see the couch and the easy chair." Moments later she was looking up at me and waved. I waved back.
"I can see you too."
"But he wouldn't be looking up here."
"Probably not."
"I think it's too far away," I said, realizing that although I could see her, and would be able to see her and Ryan if he were there, I wouldn't be able to see any details. Without saying anything she turned to the couch, set the phone down and then turned back toward the window. I was shocked when she reached down and lifted the hem of her blouse, catching her bra and pulling it up at the same time, before wiggling her bare boobs at me. It was just moments before she dropped her clothes back in place and picked up the phone to hear me laughing hysterically.
"Well? See enough?" She laughed.
"I can't believe you did that."
"Well? If you want to see me have sex with your husband, you're going to see more than that."
"Well I could tell you flashed me your tits," I told her, "but that was about it." Her response was to ask if binoculars would help. When I said we didn't have any, she said she'd be right over, and moments later she was at the front door.
"They're 10x50," she said, holding them out to me. "They were my husbands, and really for close ups. Let's see if they help."
Once again into the sewing room, and with the binoculars, it was like I was sitting in her living room. "Wow! Those are really powerful."
"They are."
~
"OK, so what are we taking for you to wear?" Tonya was asking as I was putting a few things into a gym bag to take with us.
"What do you think about this?" I asked, holding up my one and only, little black dress. Shorter than anything else I owned, it was cut well above my knees and, of a stretchy form-fitting material, was by far the sexiest dress that I owned. Spaghettis straps over the shoulders was all that held it up, besides clinging to my body.
"Oh, Ryan's got to love that!" She exclaimed, holding it up.
"Yeah, not many places I can wear that," I responded. "He loves it, but... I don't know, it's pretty revealing."
"Isn't that the point?" I didn't answer, instead pulling out what I thought were my sexiest bras and panties. Tonya didn't turn any of my naughty's down, but didn't say much about them except "that's nice," either.
"Ok, let's go," I said when I had everything in my bag. Thankfully, she'd volunteered to drive, I hadn't realized how nervous I was until then.
I'd driven the time before, so knew where the studio was, but Tonya was taking us a different route. "Where are we going?" I asked when it became obvious, we weren't going directly to the studio.
"We're going to do a little shopping first," she said, just as she turned into a parking lot. "You need a few more sexy things for a photo shoot."
"I'm fine," I said, and then thought about it. "Like what?"
"A half bra for one. You said that Ryan liked my half-cup bra. I mean you snooped in my drawer and wore it for him, although," she glanced sideways at me, "I'm sure it wasn't very comfortable on you, so let's get you one that is. This is where I get mine, although it has been a while," she giggled, turning into a parking lot. "My friend Marsha owns this store."
The clerk in the store was very young and very pretty, more my own age, but when Tonya asked for Marsha, she went in back and moments later an older woman, Tonya's age, came out. "Tonya! I haven't seen you in ages!" She stepped forward and the two hugged like long lost friends.
"Yeah, hasn't been much reason for me to be in here... since he passed."
"Oh yeah, I heard. I'm so sorry."
"Don't be. It's for the better." She turned to me. "This is my neighbor, Lindsey. She's got a boudoir photo shoot in a while, making a portfolio for her husband's birthday..."
"Anniversary," I corrected.
"He likes bare tits, and she's got nothing but full coverage bras. She needs some skimpier panties too. She needs at least one string thong, and maybe something really sexy, maybe a body suit? Maybe something mesh?"
"Hmmm, let's see what we've got," she said, leading us to the bra section, telling me to take my shirt off when we got there. "Most women are wearing the wrong bra. Most have never been professionally fitted, they just take generic measurements and think that's as good as it gets. How many times has your girlfriend ever said something like "I couldn't wait to get home and get my bra off?" 30 seconds with a tape measure and she was telling me to take my bra off, too.
I glanced around the store, realizing I was out of sight of any windows or customers, but still found myself self-conscious and said, "Right here?" which caused Marsha to laugh.
"She's getting naked pictures taken in just a few minutes and she's self-conscious about trying on a bra here?" she asked, with a wry smile, looking up at Tonya. "Yes, right here, we'll be trying several on and you won't need to run into a dressing room to try them on, although we really haven't got a dressing room, and not many men come in," she smiled, holding the bra she'd chosen. "Even bras with identical numbers from different manufacturers fit differently. When they fit right, you will be just as comfortable with it on as with it off. Maybe more."
Marsha really did know her lingerie, explaining the different styles, and reasons. The first bra I tried on was a tee-shirt bra, and it fit better than any bra I owned. Designed to hide my nipples and give a form fit when wearing a tee shirt in public, the second bra I tried on was just the opposite, an open cup bra, exposing the tops of my breasts and nipples. "This is also a tee-shirt bra," Marsha giggled, "although sure to get a different response from your husband.
"What about for your black dress?" Tonya, asked, "do you have a bra to wear with that?"
"It's, uhm... no. I haven't ever had one that I could wear with it so I always had to go braless. I've never worn it much because of that as I was pretty self-conscious."
"Have you got it along? Marsha asked, with Tonya not giving me a chance to answer, answering for me. "Why don't you get it, and let's see what we can do." Tonya was already on her way out, and was back in a few seconds with my bag.
"Ok, let's put it on," Marsha said, holding the black dress up a few moments later, indicating that I should get undressed. I knew the bra I had on would show and took it off, along with my shorts, leaving me in just my underwear. Although I was going to take sexy pictures, the underwear I currently had on was just a normal everyday panty. Marsha held the dress up, I raised my arms and she slipped it over my head.
"OK," she said, and taking my hand turned me towards the floor length mirror off to one side. "What do you see?"
"Uhm, I don't know? What do you want me to see?"
"Well, off hand, you look marvelous. But we can do better. Look here," she said, turning me a bit sideways and stroking my hip. "You can't wear normal panties with this. Wear those for every day, but when you dress like this, you need something different. First the panty line shows, and on a form fitting dress, you want to show off your form. Take your panties off." I glanced at Tonya, and with a confirming nod from her, I did as she instructed. "Now look," she said, turning me again, and running her hand down my hip, accenting the smoothness of my body underneath. "No more of the wrong panty look. Wait just a minute," she said, and walked away, returning moments later. "Here, I'll give these to you; once you try panties on, I'm not allowed to put them back on the shelf. If you want more, I'll sell those to you."
The panty was a string thong, practically nothing except a small triangle in front and the strings through my butt and around the top. I slipped them on, and again she turned me to the mirror. "See? The string is designed to show, to accent your hip and bottom," she ran her hand down my butt, her fingers caressing the string across the top of my back. "Sometimes it's sexy with nothing underneath, keeps our men guessing as they're ogling our bottoms," she giggled, "and other times we want to advertise that we're wearing something. Your bottom really looks good with this. Ok," she said, turning me back to face the mirror, "how do you look from the front?"
I looked, and thought I looked pretty good. My little black dress had always been a favorite, my husband certainly liked it, but still... I knew something was lacking. I shrugged my shoulders, "Ok, I guess."
"Yeah, very pretty dress, very pretty woman, but together - just OK," she said, stepping up behind me. "You've got such gorgeous breasts, and this dress hides them the way they are, but it's supposed to show them off." She reached around, cupped my boobs and pushed them slightly together, causing my boobs to push out the front of the dress.
"Oh, my goodness!" I giggled, "wow!"
"I should say," Marsha said, "Ok, drop your dress and let's try it with this bra." She turned and sorted through several before turning back with a strapless full coverage bra. I put the bra on, and pulled the dress back in place and turned again to the mirror.
"Oh my! What a difference! That really accents my boobs."
"It does, doesn't it? Ok, so that's the way you wear it to a wedding, now take that bra off." I looked at myself in the mirror again, and then pulled the dress down and unhooked the bra. Turning away, Marsha selected another, this time another open front bra, and this time my nipples were visibly protruding through the black cloth. "This one obviously is for your husband or when you're showing off somewhere," she said, reaching around and cupping my breasts, feeling the fit without fondling me. "That's perfect," she said, and then slipped her hands forward, her fingers finding and pinching my nipples momentarily before relinquishing them and stepping back. "You've got great breasts; you really need to dress to show them off more. When you're wearing something to show off your nipples, it never hurts to tweak them a bit occasionally. I guarantee it will drive your husband crazy with wanting you."
"He's pretty much that way already," I laughed in response.
I hadn't had any plans for buying lingerie when we left home, but suddenly I found myself with half a dozen new bras, only two of which totally covered my breasts, and an equal number of new panties. Marsha had given me pointers on when to wear what, and what went with what, and just pointing out how my regular bra was ill-fitting, helped me realize that virtually all my bras were wrong. I'd dropped my bra into the trash as we left, wearing one of the new ones.
"Pretty good, isn't she?" Tonya said as we left the store, headed for the photo studio.
"Oh my god, I never would have thought that what wasundermy dress could make so much difference."
"Yeah, I had an open cup bra years ago, when I did my photo shoot, but when it wore out, I never replaced it as it just wasn't that comfortable. My husband loved it," she giggled, "but because it wasn't comfortable, I only wore it for him on special occasions. And then, multiple years ago later, I found Marsha. When I told her what I was looking for, she fitted me just like she did you and, Oh My God, what a difference. I've still got my regular bras, and have to wear them occasionally, but I much prefer my girls being naked. I don't wear much else these days." She glanced sideways at me and laughed.
"What?" I asked.
"Looks like your nipples like being exposed just like mine do." I was now wearing one of my new open front bras and, self-consciously, I tried to pull my shirt away from my body. "You'll get used to it, your nipples being visible most of the time," she said. "It took me a few weeks, before I realized that Ilikedthe added attention, and not just from my husband. My husband was always putting his hands on me, but it can be exhilarating to realize that you've got some young guys eye in the mall. I just wished I'd discovered Marsha years ago."
~
Emily, dressed in a halter top and shorts, was the consummate professional when it came to photography. We started with her looking at all that I'd brought along. My lingerie, my dress, my new bras, and thong panties, and at the bottom of my bag, presumably where Tonya hadn't seen it before, was a life size dildo and a rabbit vibrator.
"Oh good," she said seeing the toys as I emptied the bag, "toys always add to the session." She took me, just in what I was wearing, and began posing and snapping photos.
"But don't you want me to put on my things?" I asked, wondering about the photos in my everyday shorts and shirt.
"You are always sexy. The trick is letting you see how sexy you normally are. It's not just about getting naked or wearing lingerie, but letting you see yourself the way your husband sees you." I just shrugged, not quite believing, while Tonya sat in the chair at the side, occasionally doing something when Emily asked her to. Gradually she had me change and put different things on, taking different things off, and snapping pictures while I got dressed and undressed.
"Why are you shooting me getting dressed?" I asked.
"That's when you're the least self-conscious, the least self-aware. Candid shots almost always turn out to be some of the best, and conversely, some of the worst. We just throw the bad ones away. I can do things with posing and lighting, but really, you'll find the candid shots will be some of the best."
"New bra? Very pretty." Emily said as I took my shirt off to her direction.
"We stopped at the lingerie store on the way here," Tonya answered for me. "For such a pretty young housewife she sure didn't have much in sexy lingerie."
"You like having your nipples bare? Very sexy."
"I, um, never thought of this type of bra... for everyday wear..." I answered.
"I know. You didn't have it last time when we met, but Tonya did."
"You noticed?"
"As a photographer, you're always noticing the details, what to accent and what not to accent in everything you look at. The lights reflecting from the water over the bridge, the landing light of an airplane approaching. The bright red lipstick on one woman, the pale lip gloss of another. When you were here last time, you had a cover-up bra, your shirt was smooth, but Tonya's nipples showed. Now yours and Tonya's both show and the bra looks brand new."
It seemed like just minutes, and Emily suggested we break for lunch, saying when we came back I should dress in my little black dress to start, we'd gradually get naked from there, and if I was still willing we could get some naughty pictures with my toys. I'd been through everything else by that time, and already had multiple pictures nude or near nude, mostly taken while changing. I'd yet to see any of the pictures. Tonya had gone out for sandwiches, so we just sat and ate in the studio.
"That's amazing," Tonya said a while later. "When I worked with Bill so many years ago, he was constantly changing cameras and putting fresh film in. I haven't seen you change anything."
"It's a whole new world," Emily answered, "digital photography has changed everything. Except for the snapshot. The majority of all photographers these days are using their camera phones, and no matter how good the quality of those pictures, most of the time they'rejustsnapshots. Despite the ability to magnify the pictures because they have so many pixels available these days, any photographer can look at it and determine that the picture was taken digitally and magnified, whereas the professional photographers will always use a lens. A lens is real; when you zoom in or pan out, the camera will still capture the same number of pixels. When you use digital zoom, it just takes a portion of what it is really seeing and magnifies that portion, decreasing the number of pixels and the quality. When you control the lighting, the lens, it all makes for much better pictures. You'll seldom get a 'bad' picture with an automatic camera, but you'll also seldom get a 'good' one."
"Where'd you learn photography?"
"I went to a special photography college, it's not even there anymore. But really, I learned from my dad. I started assisting him when I was in junior high, and by the time I was in high school, I was doing a lot of the portrait stuff without help. I've always liked the boudoir stuff though; I love photographing human bodies."
"You learned that from him too?"
"Some of that in school, but yeah. By the time I went to college, I'd been doing nudes for years. I learned by posing the subjects for dad, and then by being behind the camera and photographing others while he watched and directed."
"You posed for your dad?" I asked, a bit shocked.
"Never," she answered, "not me. I was directing and posing who he was photographing. Consequently, I've got no picture of me before I was 18. Dad also taught photography at the college, including how to take photos of nude bodies, and because of that he never wanted to take a chance of someone accusing him of doing something wrong. He never took pictures of nude minors, and especially he never took a picture with me in it. There are so many laws about things to protect kids, rightfully as there are so many perverts and child molesters out there, but dad never took a chance by photographing me, until I was 18. Do you know that if you have a baby, and take a perfectly innocent snapshot of them naked in the bath, and post it on some social media site, you can be prosecuted for child pornography? I recognize, as did dad, that there is a big difference between nudity and sex, although some organizations like Literotica don't know the difference and equate the two."
"Yeah, I've heard that."
"It seems stupid, but there are a lot of people who get their jollies from small children, so consequently they make laws that prosecute the good with the bad." She got up and walked over to the wall where there was a bookcase with albums. I recognized the album design as identical to the three in Tonya's home.
"Still using the same albums, I see," Tonya laughed.
"Yeah," Emily laughed in return, reaching up and taking down an album. "They're sort of our trademark if you will. People who see them know the photos are from me or dad." She handed the album to me and I opened it and began to peruse it. There were multiple pictures, of multiple people, and then I realized that toward the end the skin tone, the hair color, the body shapes were all the same. "Those pictures at the end are all me," Emily said. "The early ones, they're all different women. Anything where you can see that it's me, those I was all 18 or older. Dad always said I was one of his favorite models."
"Wow, you're really pretty," I said, "no wonder your Dad liked to use you."
"It wasn't just me, he photographed a lot of beautiful women over the years, but helping him pose his subjects, and then being a model for him, before I began trying to replicate a really good photo with someone else, helps to visualize what the camera will see. And then playing with focus, and lighting, all the parameters that can be controlled, you learn how to make the 'bad ones' better than other people's snapshots, and the good ones arereallygood."
"I've seen your photos at the fair every year."
Emily laughed. "I had a photo of me naked, in the fair, every year for 13 years after I turned 18. Most were just a nude body, could have been anyone, but mostly they were just unidentifiable human body photos, but some weren't."
"What happened after those 13 years?" I asked as I flipped through the last few pages.
"Dad died."
"Oh." Tonya said, "I kind of thought he'd passed away, but didn't know."
"Shall we?" she said, standing and walking over to pick up her camera.
I'd pulled on my shirt and shorts again before lunch as I'd been almost nude by that time. Now, more used to being naked and photographed, I pulled my clothes off again even before I reached for the dress which had been hung on a rack. I couldn't see any wrinkles, but then realized I hadn't yet put on my new panties or bra. "Do you think it matters?" I asked Emily, holding up a black bra and a red bra.
"Let's start with the black, and we'll change to the red later. Have you got matching panties?" I nodded, and reached over and pulled out the matching black thong. I didn't even notice that Emily was snapping pictures as I got dressed. Thong first, followed by bra, followed by dress over the top.
Emily took more pictures of me getting into and out of my dress and underwear than with anything we'd done to that time. At one time she had me on my hands and knees, the dress pulled up to expose my bottom, but only after she'd shot multiple shots in multiple different poses. A bit later she had me slip the dress strap down one shoulder, then down the other, gradually exposing my breasts until my nipples popped over the top. She had me change into the red underwear for contract, and then had me with no underwear, just the dress, gradually removing and replacing the dress on each occasion until finally I was nude.
It now seemed totally natural moving and posing, and performing, for the camera. I don't know when I realized that this must be how professional models felt when they were naked in front of a camera.
"Well?" Emily asked when she took a break and we all got a drink of water, "what do you think? Think you're up for some naughty pictures too? I saw you brought some toys..."
A sudden rush went through my brain, realizing that I was totally naked in front of Emily and Tonya, and had completely forgotten that I was nude. The thought of playing with my toys, something I normally only did in the privacy of my own bedroom, sent a rush of wetness into my pussy. I'd gotten a little turned on when we'd started the photo session, knowing it was my naughtiest, sexiest, clothing accenting my body, but that rush had long ago dissipated.
I nodded.
"Ok, good. Some of the hottest pictures are when women are playing." She went over to the bookshelf again, retrieving yet another album, and bringing it over to us. "These are all different women, they've all signed releases, but I only show these pictures to people who are going to do the same."
I opened the album, Tonya moving behind to look over my shoulder. "I've never seen these," she said.
"I put that together after Dad died. He never used to share with others, but I've found that showing people what others have done both inspires them to do similar and lets people get more in touch with their exhibitionistic side. That's what this is all about after all, making sexy pictures for our memories and lovers."
"Are you in any of them?"
"Oh my god yes," she laughed, "How many people can say their dad has photographed them having an orgasm?"
"Your dad did that?"
"Yeah. More than once."
"Oh my god, what is that?" I asked, a photo of a nude woman seated on some sort of device, her head arched back, obviously having an orgasm.
She looked over at the album upside down, "that's a Sybian. They're pretty famous in swinger crowds, and in sororities. It's got a vibrating nub, you can add different attachments, and it gives absolutely amazing orgasms. We don't have one, but we've had several that have brought them in for photo sessions. It's amazing how many women want to have a picture of themselves riding the Sybian and having an orgasm."
"Have you..." I said, not needing to expand further.
"Oh yeah. They're pretty amazing." She reached over with a practiced hand, flipped about three pages, and then one more. "That's me."
"Wow, you were so young," I said.
"That was on my 18th birthday," she giggled. "Dad wouldn't let me try it until I was 18, wouldn't even photograph me until then, and it happened to be that a sorority brought one in that week and I asked them if they minded if I took a turn. The very first photos of any kind that dad ever took of me, I was naked and riding the Sybian to my first ever public orgasm."
A negative thought suddenly pierced into my conscious about Emily. All the items she'd mentioned about growing up in a private photograph studio coming home. Nude pictures in the county fair, having an orgasm not just in front of, but photographed by, her dad, yet his refusal to photograph her at all, let alone naked, for 18 years? Something didn't add up. I stopped and looked directly at her and had to know.
"What?" She said when she realized I was looking at her.
I didn't beat around the bush and just asked. "Did your dad molest you?"
"Oh my god, no!" she exclaimed. "Dad had a knack for capturing a woman's sexuality, but henevertouched me. Even after I turned 18 and posed naked for him, most of the time Mom was there too. She'd have cut his dick off if he'd ever touched me."
"But he took a picture of... you, having an orgasm?"
She shrugged. "After having seen multiple women, helping him photograph multiple women having orgasms over the years, sexuality, and sexual events, sort of lose their mystery, their mystique. When you realize that everyone is the same, everyone has desires, everyone has orgasms, to have it recorded is... well, nothing. When it happened, it seemed... it seemed... natural? I actually asked him to make sure he did." I shook my head in disbelief.
"I can't imagine having an orgasm in front of my Dad."
"It's captured on film; it's been seen by multitudes of people over the years. I think it's quite sexy, too. Ok, enough about me, but now about you." She began telling me how I was going to be self-conscious again, that she'd start me in lingerie, nighties, and that I should walk her through how I played with myself at home, trying to forget that she and Tonya were there, what I was doing was for the benefit of my husband. She said I should close my eyes if needed, having eyes closed while self-pleasuring added reality to the photos, to just listen to her voice and directions, but later on she'd want me to be looking at my husband, looking into the camera, for him.
It was exactly as she said, initially I was quite self-conscious, especially recognizing that these were no longer just artistic nudes, but were now getting into pornographic shots for my husband. Just as Bill had requested of Tonya so many years before, she had me roll my nipples to elongate them several times. She had me stroke my breasts, stroke my pussy, reach inside my panty to touch myself, gradually getting nude, and eventually I closed my eyes and used my dildo and vibrator how I would use them at home. She said that nobody knows what feels best for a person except that person, and that she'd just capture my self-pleasuring on camera. My first orgasm was the hardest, but left me more aroused than I had been. Eventually, in front of Tonya, Emily, and Emily's camera, I orgasmed three times.