We went on like this for weeks. Every morning, I would take my 15 minute break, bring myself near climax, Emily would walk in, pretend to be shy about it, ask a question, I would take a moment to answer it, she would leave, I would pull up the cameras and watch as she took her 15 minute break and we would orgasm together.
Emily didn't know this. She didn't know that I had a special folder full of videos or her shivering with an orgasm. She didn't know that I did it on purpose, or maybe she did and she was purposely walking in on me. I could only hope that was the case.
Today, I came to work hard. Rock hard. I don't know if it was the thought of seeing Emily or anything else I have been doing, but I was ready. I was trying so hard to hold off until we normally have our little interaction, but I was not able to. I was near blue balls and I cannot work that way.
I pulled up the latest video of Emily and started stroking. Maybe she would come early. Maybe she would know.
I was getting closer and closer, sad that Emily would not find me today.
Right as I was nearing the finish, I was startled to find that Kylie, the new college intern, had walked into my office and was staring at me over my monitor.
"Mr. Harrison?" Kylie whimpered almost.
"Kylie!" I about shit myself. I quickly shut off the monitors and tried to cover myself up. I don't know what was so different about it, maybe because she startled me so bad and I had yet to masturbate to her, but I felt the need to cover myself. "I'm sorry. I didn't know you- This is not what it looks like," I stammered.
"I think it is exactly what it looks like." Kylie stared down at my hands attempting to cover my engorged cock. "It is definitely what it looks like."
"Kylie, I-"
"May I?" Kylie asked. I stared at her for a moment. I must have looked confused, as I was, because she cleared up her question. "May I help you?"
"Um," I stuttered, but she was already making her way around my desk.
Kylie slid down to her knees, removed my hands from covering myself, licked her lips, and bent down to take my cock in her mouth. I almost blew right there, but I wanted this to last for a while. She was skilled, knew how to use her tongue in that perfect spot. Her head bobbed up and down, up and down.
I put my hand on the back of her head and shoved her hard onto my cock. I didn't even have to hold her there, she choked on it for a moment before coming up for air, a string of saliva and precum connecting us still.
"Let me fuck you," I nearly begged. "Let me in you."
I pulled her up by her arms until I could grab the back of her thighs and pulled her onto my lap. She stopped right before I could slip into her. "I'm not on the pill."
"Ok," I said. I barely heard her. I struggled to move her underwear out of the way. I was ready to implode.
"I'm not on the pill," She repeated. "You can't cum inside."
"I won't, I won't." I pulled her closer, just barely touching her.
"Do you have a condom?" she asked.
"It's fine. I won't cum inside. Please." I was about to just do it.
"Ok," she barely finished the word before I slammed inside her. "Oh!" I heard her whimper.
"Oh my god, you're so wet," I groaned in pleasure, having not yet moved. Then slowly, I began to slid ever so slightly, in and out, in and out. She matched my pace until we were moving faster and faster. Shortly after she was bouncing on my dick. I fumbled to move her shirt out of the way and unclipped her bra to see her beautiful B cup tits bounce with her.
I had to tell myself to be quiet, and gently shush her so that we don't let the entire office know what is happening in here. Even so, we were both so enraptured with the sex that neither of us noticed when the door to Emily's office opened.
"Rick, I-"
Kylie, stilled mid-bounce, her pussy clenching my dick, almost in fear. We both turned to Emily who stared at us, opened mouthed, looking from my dick inside of Kylie to her tits, to the sweat dripping down my forehead.
"Emily-" I started.
"I'll come back another time," she said. I barely had time to ask if she wanted to join before she slammed the door. Kylie slid back down my cock and started giggling. I couldn't help but start to giggle, too. I gripped her tits and gently played with her nipples.
"Well, that was an experience." She said. She started to move again.
"You're telling me," I said. I pulled her down for a kiss, my tongue parting her lips and exploring her mouth. She let out a little moan and I paused. She was not the only one who moaned. I pulled away and looked her in the eyes and she moved slowly up and down my dick. "Do you want to watch something?"
"Watch something?" Kylie asked. She gave me a questioning look but seemed willing enough.
I moved to the computer and opened the camera software. I had grown faster in finding the right camera after having done it so many times, so I was able to pull up Emily's office pretty quickly.
"Oh?" Kylie said.
"Yeah?" I asked as Kylie began to move up and down a little faster.
"Mm-hmm," She moaned.
I gripped her ass and helped her to move faster. Emily was moving her hand faster and faster. I helped Kylie to bounce faster and faster. Her tits bounced gloriously in my fast as Emily's moans could be heard louder now than ever before.
I could feel Kylie's coming quickly and could head Emily's coming even faster. The two girls orgasmed at the same time, Kylie shivering on my dick and Emily shivering all alone. I kept bouncing Kylie on my dick until I felt myself ready to explode. Kylie quickly recovered when I started moaning louder.
"Yeah? Yeah?" She asked. She had eyes that begged for me to cum.
"I'm close. I'm so close." I was ready to bust in her.
Kylie maneuvered her way off my cock to put it in her mouth, which normally would have ruined my climax, but watching two girls orgasm had me going. Not to mention, one of them orgasmed on my cock. It wasn't long before I exploded into Kylie's mouth, shooting a huge load into her, down her throat. She sucked me for so long that I began to shiver.
She finally released me, and I could see her swallow my cum. She smiled at me and my ecstasy state.
"That was a lot of fun," She said standing up and fixing her bra and shirt. "We should definitely do that again sometime." She straightened her skirt and wiped the corner of her mouth. "But let's get Emily in here for that."
She walked out of my office, swaying her hips in confidence. I remembered then that I didn't know why she had come in here in the first place. But that thought was quickly dismissed when I looked down at my cock and noticed that it was still hard, and I was still horny.