Author's Preface: Everyone in the story is at least 18 years old, and the story is entirely fictional. Any similarities to real people or events are purely coincidental.
This story follows the relationship between John and Laura, first introduced in "New Neighbors Pt. 01" in which they meet. Constructive comments are welcome.
Enjoy.
New Neighbor Pt. 05 - Road Trip to Cabin in the Mountains
August and September were busy for John and Laura. John made good on all the promises he'd made to the girls and the ones Laura had made for him. He took nude pictures of the girls who had to leave his "Meet the Boyfriend" party early, including Ashley. He also took Laura's, whom he had stupidly forgotten in the first set of pictures. He took a group picture of the girls both nude and in clothes. He intended to take that picture every year.
Since Ashley was trying to move from being a model for teen clothes to young adult fashion, he shot pictures for her portfolio that included nudes, clothes for the office and clubbing, everyday lingerie, sexy lingerie, and sleepwear. Laura made sure to be there as Ashley's chaperone to protect John from her. For casual pictures, they posed her in outfits around town, sportswear, and several bikinis at Laura's pool.
Vicky and Ken were ready for his "Meet the Boyfriend" party and Laura agreed to host it. John bought a new professional underwater camera. It came in handy at Ken's party. He shot some wonderful pictures of the girls swimming underwater straight at the camera. He hadn't had a chance yet to take it to the secret pond with Laura, but he was hoping to soon.
Ashley had a new boyfriend, Luke, whom she brought to the party. The girls warned her that she was responsible for both herself and her boyfriend. They reminded her to drink in moderation. She disappeared with Luke quite often during the party. He was twenty years old surrounded by nine gorgeous naked women. It was difficult for him not to get excited, no matter how often Ashley helped him out. There was just nowhere for him to look. The girls were nice and didn't tease him much. Everyone spent the night this time, including Ashley and her boyfriend. With two houses, there was plenty of room. The group split up between John's house and Laura's.
Of course, everyone loved Ken and it was fun to see Vicky so pumped up and proud of her great boyfriend. Katie was not as happy. She came without a date again. She asked both John and Ken to set her up, but neither of them had any ideas. John really liked Katie and was unhappy to see her sad.
The most surprising thing that happened at the party, at least for John, was that Blaire and Cynthia announced that they were a couple. They'd been together for a while but were not sure when to bring it up to the group. It seemed that most of the girls already suspected as much. The only one that was surprised was John. Everyone congratulated them and John took close to fifty pictures of them together.
About mid-October, the weather was a little cooler, not that it was ever cold where they lived. John was itching to go on a photography road trip with his dog Bo and he wanted Laura to go with them. It had been a long time since he'd been on a road trip, and he wanted this trip to be the first of many with Laura. In the mountains of northeast California, it was getting cold, but snow was not a problem yet. He'd never been up there. The thought of Laura in a tight sweater was hard to get out of his head.
Laura had always insisted that she was not the "camping out in the wilderness" kind of woman. But John didn't want to go without her. He loved waking up next to her.
"Laura, I want to go on a trip to the wilderness with you and Bo."
"John, I'm afraid that I'm not going to like it and ruin your trip. Why don't you just go with Bo?" she whined.
"Because you're more fun to sleep with. I'd miss waking up with you."
"I really don't want to."
"I can promise that you'll have a good time. Have I ever lied to you?"
"No."
"Do I need to remind you of the things I've done for you?"
"Like what?"
"The meet the boyfriend party for one. I was terrified of that."
"But you had a good time," she said.
"And I guarantee you'll have a good time on this trip."
"Are you really going to make me go?"
"Yes. You're going to have to trust me."
"Alright, but if I don't like it, I'm going to punish you."
"Deal. If you don't like it, you can punish me any way you see fit. We're leaving early next Monday."
He didn't tell Laura one key bit of information about the trip.
+++++
While walking dogs with Ken at the shelter one day, John mentioned the trip to Ken.
"The problem is that she's not the Girl Scout type. She won't have a good time if we go camping out, even in my small RV. I'd like to spend a few days with her away from everything. I was thinking about maybe getting a remote cabin somewhere."
Ken said, "My company has a cabin near South Lake Tahoe."
"It does?"
"Yeah, they let clients use it sometimes and the executives go there. Let me check but I'm sure you can use it. Just give me the dates."
"Is it nice? Will Laura like it?"
"Oh yeah. It's a big two-story place with two bedrooms and it's miles from anywhere. It's surrounded by forest and has big porches all around. There's a hot tub that overlooks a valley and the lake in the distance. Plus, it has fireplaces in every room. A caretaker stocks the place with food and drink when anyone goes out there. It even has a couple of electric UTVs (Utility Terrain Vehicle) and snowmobiles. I think there's a small clear lake nearby. I've never been out there. I'd forgotten about it, but I've seen pictures. You know, I bet Vicky would like to go out there."
"I bet she would," he said mockingly. "Be sure to tell her that you've been planning a trip there with her for a long time. I'm taking Bo if that matters. When you go out with Vicky, you're welcome to use my RV. It's a small one so it's easy to drive and has plenty of room for crates if you're taking your dogs."
+++++
The trip was all set. They were going to take his old truck on the trip. Laura was relieved to see that his "old truck" turned out to be a 2-year-old top-of-the-line luxury RV. It was small but it had a bathroom, two-fold-out beds, and a crate for Bo.
"Now that I've seen your 'old truck', I'm feeling a little better about the trip."
"Oh, we're not going to stay in the RV," John said. "We'll park it and then hike to a remote campsite. You're going to get the true wilderness experience. We'll sleep under the stars. There's nothing like it."
Laura was back to not wanting to go on this trip. But she did want to share his interests and she trusted him, so like it or not, she was going. It couldn't be that bad for a couple of days. Then John told her that they were going for five days, and she started to consider how to punish John.
"John, I'm a city girl. I don't spend days hiking in the forest."
"That reminds me, we need to get you a good pair of boots so you can break them in. You wouldn't want to get blisters. Oh, do you have a heavy coat? It can get cold at night."
"I have a fur," she said.
"We'll get you a heavy coat too."
John busied himself packing the RV with tents, backpacks, a camp stove, MREs, and sleeping bags. His cheerful whistling was getting on Laura's nerves. Bo was jumping up and down, barking at him. He knew they were going someplace and was looking forward to the trip.
John took Laura out to her favorite restaurant on their last day in civilization. He played up how great it was to snuggle in a two-person sleeping bag in the cold and look at the stars. The weather forecast called for fifty-degree lows in South Lake Tahoe, but John told her where they were going, it would be much colder, which was true. What Laura didn't know was they'd enjoy the chilly weather from a steamy hot tub.
Vickie knew about the cabin and was in on what John was doing. She was sworn to secrecy. John asked her to go into Laura's house and pack stuff that Laura wouldn't take because she thought she was camping out. She picked out some clothes they could go to town in, along with some make-up and shoes that weren't boots. John requested several sexy nightgowns. She packed the stuff into a metal camera case and hid it in the RV.
Laura wanted to find an excuse not to go but at 7:00 am Monday, the three of them piled into the RV and they headed out. It was about a nine-hour drive to the cabin. John wanted to get there before dark to make it easier to find. He packed some sandwiches, snack food, and drinks so they wouldn't have to stop for a big meal.
He told Laura that it was easier to set up camp when it was light. She thought that the RV looked more comfortable than the ground for sleeping.
John made a quick turn onto a dirt road. He said, "I decided on a different place to camp that I think you'll like better."
Before Laura could say anything, she saw the cabin around a curve in the dirt road.
She squinted her eye at John and said, "You've been messing with me all week, haven't you?"
"A little."
"Thank god. I didn't want to sleep on the ground." She took off her seat belt and tried to crawl into his lap so she could give him a big kiss. He had to stop quickly to avoid running into a tree. "This place looks wonderful. How did you find it?"
"It belongs to Ken's company. I told him I was looking for a cabin and he told me to use this. It's nicer than he described."
"And he hasn't brought Vicky out here?"
"He'd had forgotten the company had this. I told him that Vicky would like to go on a trip to a cabin in the woods, and not to tell her that it's been available all along. I suggested that he had been planning the trip for a long time and wanted to surprise her. They'll be out here in a couple of weeks. He's going to take my RV and Vicky is very excited about the trip."
"God, men are stupid sometimes." He couldn't argue.
John got out, opened the door for Bo, and said, "Go check it out." Bo was in heaven. He ran back and forth as if he couldn't decide where to sniff next. He peed on everything.
The outside of the cabin was spectacular. It had a porch all around it, and what Laura guessed were the bedrooms, had large balconies. Majestic seventy-five-foot pine trees surrounded it.
They opened the front door with a keypad. The first thing they saw was a bouquet of roses, several bottles of wine, and a gift basket full of cheese and fruit with a note that said:Have a wonderful time - Ken and Vicky. Leaning against the basket was a booklet describing things to see and do in the area. There was a huge stone fireplace in the main room with a bearskin rug in front of it. Behind that was a large modern kitchen.
Laura headed out to the back deck and saw the hot tub. Steamy mist was rising from it into the cool air. She said, "How close are the neighbors?"
"Ken said miles away. The closest town is about twenty miles away. I'll call the caretaker and see when he comes."
Before he finished his sentence, Laura threw off her clothes and slipped into the hot tub.
"The temperature is perfect, get your cute ass in here," she said.
John smiled, went inside, and grabbed a couple of towels and robes. He took off his clothes and sat in the spa next to her. She jumped on him, kissing and hugging him while straddling his lap. She couldn't stop kissing him. She was so relieved that she wasn't going to have to sleep on the cold ground.
"It's going to get cold out here and the only shoes I have are those crummy boots."
"I told Vicky to pack you a case of stuff more suitable for a cabin." She playfully slapped his arm.
"She knew and didn't tell me? I hope she packed some good stuff." She started kissing John again.
They sat and gazed at the view. The sun was setting, and she could see the trees in the valley, the lake in the distance, and a beautiful yellow and orange sky. She put her head on John's shoulder and sighed contentedly.
"I can't believe you did all this. It's the most romantic thing anyone's ever done for me."
"I'd do anything for you," John said.
Bo lay by the side of the hot tub.
They went inside for a little while and got some wine, cheese, and bread on a tray, and brought it back outside. As the sun set, their eyes were drawn to the vast expanse of stars above them. The cabin was at 6000+ feet, it was a new moon, and the humidity was low. There was no better way to look at the stars than on a dark night with your lover in a hot tub.
They got out of the spa and hurried into the house. After sundown, the temperature dropped quickly. The forecast was for lows in the upper 20s all week. John started fires in both the living room and the bedroom.
He braved the cold and went out to get at least some stuff out of the car like his cameras and Laura's bag that Vicky had packed.
Laura took her bag into the bedroom. Most of the clothes were sexy lingerie. She dressed in a negligee and went down to the living room. John was in a robe lying under a blanket on the bear skin rug in front of the roaring fire.
John saw her in the full-length negligee, and he could only stare.
Laura said, "If you're trying to seduce me, it's working. Is a blindfolded string quartet going to pop out now?"
"No, but we have music." He pushed a button on the remote control and slow dance music filled the cabin. He stood up and said, "Would you like to dance?"
She took his hand, and they danced around the room. "You're a good dancer. Is there anything that you don't do well?"
He held her close and said, "I have a graceful partner."
"I need to do something for my feet. The floor is really cold." Laura said.
"Did Vicky pack you anything like slippers?"
"Vicky mostly packed lingerie, a little makeup, and a nice outfit, but no slippers. I've got my running shoes."
"The lingerie was my request," John said.
"I figured that."
"You can put on some wool socks. We have lots of those."
She got a pair of socks and they danced for a long time. John was in his robe and Laura in her negligee and wool socks. To an outsider, it would have looked silly, but to them, it was fun and romantic. They'd remember this night for a long time. It was the kind of night that people might tell their children.
They had a late lunch on the road and cheese and crackers in the hot tub, so they weren't very hungry. The kitchen was stocked with plenty of fresh food, but they just ate some more fruit, cheese, and wine. Laura wanted to turn in early so she could show John how grateful she was to be in a warm bed instead of on the cold ground.
They went upstairs and John put more logs on the fire. John wanted to take a picture of Laura reclining on the bed. She posed in her negligee and nude. He wanted to make a tradition of taking a picture of her on the bed every place they stayed.
They turned down the pencil post bed, and the sheets were beyond soft. John took off his robe and slippers and lay on the bed. Laura took off the outer part of her negligee exposing a tiny bra and panties.
She slid over to John and said, "Should I dress like this all week?"
"It might not be great for hiking the trails but I'm willing for you to try."
Laura crawled on him and kissed him.
"Between the romantic surprise of this cabin, the wine, the elation I feel about sleeping in this beautiful bed, and the dancing, this day has made me incredibly horny. Do you mind if I use you as my sex toy?"
"How?"
"I want to be in control. I'm going to satisfy myself using your body. I'll tell you what to do. I promise that you'll love it."
She moved up his body until she was kneeling in front of his face. She pulled her panties to the side and pressed her soaked pussy against his face and moaned. He reached for her hips, but she held his hands over his head. He licked up and down her pussy.
"Oh god, that feels great. Put your tongue in me and tongue-fuck me."
As he pushed his tongue in and out of her pussy, she rubbed her clit and mauled her breasts.
"Oh god, I love your long thick tongue deep inside me."
He reached for her again and she put his arms roughly against the bed.
"If you do that again I'll tie them down." She smiled, looking down at him as he tongue-fucked her. "Would you like that? Would you like being tied up and helpless?"
He was not in a position to answer but he shoved his tongue even deeper into her. She held his head up and rocked her hips on his tongue faster.
Her climax was coming soon. She leaned forward and pushed her clit against his broad tongue. He pushed harder against her, and she pulled away.
"Keep still, I'll control everything. God, this is so good," she said. He lay there not moving with his tongue stuck out and she rubbed her clit harder and harder against it. She needed to come now. She couldn't wait anymore. She pushed her clit hard on his tongue and rubbed it in a circle. He considered helping but he knew she'd tell him what to do and when. She started screaming and she pulled his head into her pussy over and over and then held it there. She froze holding her breath. He could feel her engorged clit pulsing with her heartbeat.
She pulled off him and lay next to him breathing hard and rubbing her tits. He was breathing hard too. His mouth hadn't been free to breathe for a while. He reached over and touched her face. She took his hand and put it on the bed.
"I'm not done with you yet. This is going to be hard for you, but don't come until I tell you to. It will be worth it." She rubbed her hand across his cheek and kissed him.
She looked down at his cock and it was as hard as it could possibly get. The tip was a swollen dark shade of purple. She licked the precum off the tip and then swallowed it once, leaving him wet and wanting.
She straddled him and slowly rubbed her clit along his length over and over. Her eyes fluttered closed. Her expression was one of hunger and need. She growled like a large hungry cat.
John had to fight to keep himself from coming. Her sweet inner lips were caressing him and every time her clit hit his crown, he thought he would lose it. But he wanted to wait for Laura to get all the pleasure she could from using him.
Laura was so wet that her juices coated not only John's cock but his lower abdomen. She turned around and got in the same position but with her butt facing toward him. She leaned forward as she rubbed her clit on his cock, knowing that he could see her ass and pussy as she rubbed against him. It turned her on for him to see her like this, exposed. Although she couldn't see his face, the constant moaning from behind her let her know he was on the verge of coming. She had to move slowly; she wanted him to wait for her permission.
"Stay still," she said as she sat up. She raised herself and positioned his cock at her entrance. She heard a pained groan behind her.
"Don't move!" she said as she slid down his pole. "Oh, sweet Jesus," she cried as his cock filled her. She lifted her body up and down on him, knowing he could see her ass and his shaft moving in and out of her pussy.
He moaned loudly. His whole body was tense as he waited for her permission to come. It took everything he had to control himself. It was torture.
Laura leaned forward and put her hands on John's thighs as she relentlessly accelerated her actions.
As her climax approached, Laura said, "You can come now." He barely heard her over the ringing in his ears and his brain telling him it was way past time.
Laura when to town bouncing on his cock and rubbing her clit with one hand. When she heard John's urgent breathing, she grabbed his balls and squeezed gently. John wailed at the top of his lungs as he exploded into her. He continued coming as he shoved into her, releasing more cum than he thought possible.
When she felt the power of his orgasm, Laura screamed and her back arched. She felt his cock continue to pulse as he continued pushing into her. She fell back onto his chest trembling, as she came down from her climax. He put his hands on her breast, pulled her against his chest, and slowly rocked his cock inside her.
When he stopped, she rolled off him and snuggled against him.
After some minutes of recovery, she whispered, "You're definitely my favorite sex toy, ever." But John didn't hear her. He had passed out, breathing deeply.
Laura whispered, "I love you." She knew he couldn't hear her, but it felt right to say it anyway.
They woke up early and they walked naked out on the bedroom balcony. The air was cool and crisp, and the view of the sunrise was breathtaking, but soon it was too cold to stay out there.
They were starving and John pulled on some clothes and fixed breakfast. Laura came down in a sweater that Vicky had packed that was a little tight across her chest.
Laura said, "This sweater is a little small. I think I'll change."
John exclaimed, "No! It's perfect."
"But then you'll never look me in the eyes, you know, up here." She smiled. She left the sweater on while they ate.
After breakfast, they went out to the garage and found two electric UTVs along with some other toys like snowmobiles, and sleds. They decided to go out on the trails around the area. The UTVs had two bench seats, one in the front and a small back seat that Bo claimed. They were like a little family.
They drove deep into the woods. John showed Laura how to drive the UTV so that he could man his camera. John took a lot of pictures and most featured Laura in the foreground. He loved the vistas and loved them even more with Laura in them.
When the sun was high, Laura posed for some nude pictures. The temperature was perfect for shirt sleeves, but it was chillier than John thought without any clothes on. The ground was cold, and any little breeze made the air, way too cold. Before John realized it, goose bumps covered her body.
"I can't believe I'm saying this but don't take your clothes off anymore out here. It's too cold. We can come back in the summer next year."
He got a few cute shots of her "flashing the camera." She dressed only in John's heavy coat that hung down to her knees and her hiking boots. She posed, and when John was ready, she'd throw open the coat exposing herself. He took some close-ups of her nipple which was insanely hard from the cold. He bent down and kissed it to warm it but that was a mistake. When the chilly air hit her moist nipple, it became painfully hard. It looked great in the picture though.
She wanted John to strip for a couple of pictures. It had gotten colder, so she settled for him flashing. She didn't want any tender parts to get frostbite.
Every time they stopped; Bo would go out exploring. He loved the cool weather and being in the woods. When they returned to the UTV, John called and whistled for him, and he'd come running as fast as he could. He'd jump in the back seat of the UTV with his tongue hanging out. Bo adored John and his trips to the woods.
They found the small lake Ken had told him about. It was crystal clear and picturesque, surrounded by tall pines. John put his hand into the water and pulled it out quickly. It was way too cold to swim in, but it was too pretty to leave. John got some blankets from the UTV and spread them out by some rocks they could lean against. Bundling up in the blankets, they sat silently and looked over the clear cold lake.
Laura had always been a city girl. She'd never been anywhere this isolated and peaceful. She was a skier but there were always the noises from the lifts or the chattering of her friends. Here there were no mechanical sounds of civilization, the only sounds were from nature. The longer she sat there, the more she understood why John liked it so much.
She felt her mind quieting. Moments ago, she thought that it was totally quiet here, but now she realized sounds and smells surrounded her. She heard the soothing trickling of water that fed the pond. She heard the gentle crack of a branch on the forest floor. When a gentle breeze passed, the branches of the trees rubbed together and groaned quietly. She heard John breathing and the contented panting of Bo lying beside him.
The air smelled clear but there was more. She could smell the pines and the grass they disturbed. She smelled the water from the lake. She'd never thought of water having an odor, but she could smell its coolness. The most powerful odor was coming from John. He reeked of masculinity. It made her feel safe, peaceful, and loved. That odor went from her nose straight to her most intimate place and she could smell her own arousal.
The longer she sat there the more her senses opened to her surroundings. She began to understand John's love of sleeping outside under the stars. She wasn't ready for that yet, but she understood the allure. Maybe in summer near the cabin.
John said, "Are you warm enough?"
She jumped at the sound. It was jarring and intruded into her peaceful state of mind.
"I'm wonderful," she said and put her head on his chest and wrapped an arm over him.
When they got home, John suggested they warm up in the hot tub. Laura suggested a better way to warm up and led John upstairs.
John said, "I need to take a shower."
"No! I like the way you smell. You have testosterone oozing out of your pores and I want to smell it and taste it."
She went over to him, kissed him, and licked up the side of his neck. "Strip and get into bed while I change into something fun."
A few minutes later she reappeared in a short, white, lacey nightie and walked over to the bed. "Do you like this nightie?"
He was naked on the bed and the answer to that question was obvious.
John jumped out of bed and grabbed her. She screeched and giggled as he put her over his shoulder, threw her on the bed, and straddled her. She pretended to hit him, and he grabbed her arms and pinned them to the bed. He kissed her hard until she stopped fighting him.
"It's your turn to bemysex toy."
"Ooh, you've been thinking about this. I'm here for your pleasure."
He untied the nightie at the neck exposing a thin lace bra. It tied between her breasts and had shoulder straps that tied to the cups. He squeezed her nipples through the flimsy lace.
"I'm going to ravish you until I'm completely satisfied."
Laura knew that she would let him do anything to her. But wondering exactly what he intended, intrigued and excited her. He pulled her up higher on the bed. There was a wooden bar across the top. He put her hands against it.
"Hold on to this bar and don't let go! I'll only release you when I'm done using your body, so if you were smart, you'd do your best to see that I'm satisfied." She grabbed the bar, and he squeezed her hand for emphasis.
He pulled the three strings holding the bra in place and roughly pushed the cups away from her breast. He forcefully pinched her nipples, squeezing the blood out of them, and stretched them an inch off her chest. Her fingers tried to dig into the wooden bar.
"This doesn't hurt, does it?" he asked as he let go of them. They slowly turned from light pink to bright red as the blood ran back into them and they returned to their normal shape. They were hard as pebbles, and her breathing was labored. He pulled them again harder. Her back arched as she moaned at the sensation. He released them and he saw a slight shiver in her body and a look of pleasure on her face with her closed eyes.
John had been nothing but gentle with her since they'd met. Laura was surprised by how rough he was being with her. He wasn't hurting her, but he certainly wasn't being gentle either. She enjoyed seeing this side of him. He wasn't asking her anything; he just did whatever he wanted with her body. He knew what he wanted, and he expected her to do anything he ordered her to. She loved his gentleness, but sometimes it felt good for a man to be callous in bed. A little force and a little pain can be fun with someone you trust. Tonight, he was in charge, and she wanted him to know that she liked it. His authority and dominance excited her. She would do anything he told her to.
John propped her up with a pillow under her head. Moving to her side, he held his cock out. He didn't say anything; he didn't need to. The lustful look in his eyes was almost frightening.
She smiled, separated her lips, and looked at him with big eyes. He pushed about half of his stiff cock into her waiting mouth, paused then pulled out.
Laura said, "I can't move very much like this, so you may have to do most of the work. I guess if you need a blowjob to be satisfied, you'll have to fuck my face. My hands are tied."
John growled and slid his length across her luscious lips as she tickled his shaft with her tongue. He rubbed his head around her lips and her tongue darted out to play with it. He put the head inside her mouth where she could tongue the area just below the head. Starting slowly, he slid in and out of her mouth. He went a little deeper each time and quickened his tempo with every stroke. Hunger was overtaking him, so he had to be careful not to gag her. This was meant to be fun for them both. He watched her mouth wrapped around his shaft as he pumped rapidly into her. She looked up at him helplessly with her big eyes.
She sucked him in with each stroke and tried to hold him in as he pulled out. Her tongue pressed hard against his shaft. She heard him utter long strings of, "Yes, yes, yes."
As he neared his climax, he stopped with just his head in her mouth and ordered, "Make me come."
She'd never heard him say anything like that and it made her tingle from her head to her feet. She gave the head of his cock the best tongue-lashing it had ever had. She sucked and swirled her tongue around his beautiful cock. It wasn't long until his hips were gently thrusting again.
He stopped again, pulled out, and commanded, "Open your mouth."
She obeyed and held her mouth wide open as he stroked his cock rapidly. She licked the tip to help him along. He groaned loudly just before ropes of cum flew out of him. Most of it landed in her mouth which she promptly swallowed. The rest fell on her face in large globs. He scooped those off her face with his finger and let her lick it clean.
Laura had been restrained before but never had to restrain herself. Having to hold onto the bar was quite different than being tied up. With ropes or straps, she couldn't break free. She gave up all choice as soon as the restraining began. It was fun to struggle against the restraints, but this was different. While she was holding the bar, every instant she made a choice. It was her choice to obey him and hold onto the bar. The struggle wasn't with ropes, it was within herself. She was holding on to please John. She wasn't the helpless victim but was a willing participant. This was so much harder. She wanted to reach out to him, to touch him, to feel him. But she couldn't because she was bound by invisible restraints. It was frustrating, maddening, and almost painful in her mind, but she could feel an intense pleasure building in her every time she chose not to let go.
"Are you finished now? Can I let go?" Laura's words were a little shaky, but she kept a flirtatious look in her eyes. Cum streaked her face. Her pussy was on fire. She needed her hands on him, to hold him and to fuck him but her hands were bound.
John said, "Are you kidding? I've just started using your beautiful body. You know one of my favorite things is to lick your pussy until you come. Keep your hands where they are. I'm going to take my time to enjoy this so it might be a while. Don't let go," he warned.
He moved down her body, licking and kissing her. He roughly grabbed her breasts and mauled them, then sucked each of her nipples into his and bit them gently. She looked delectable lying on the white lace of the nightie in just her panties, hands holding the bar above her. For a moment he just looked at her and sighed. His hand slid over her pussy and rubbed the lacey material along her slit. She trembled at his touch. He yanked her panties down her shapely legs and off her feet. She lay with her leg spread slightly. He shoved her legs further apart, opening her completely. Looking at her wide-open pussy waiting for him, intensified his lust.
Laura's mind was awash with strange new feelings. She felt somehow more naked than she'd ever been, as he stared at her body. She wanted to let go of the bar and cover herself. It was silly. She had no idea how many hours she'd spent naked with John in the last six months, but somehow, she'd never felt this exposed to him. She was getting wet thinking about what he was going to do to her.
Unadulterated desire overcame her. She wanted to pull his head into her pussy, or to jump on him and ride his cock, or let go with just one hand to rub her clit. Moisture from her pussy was running down over her rosebud and onto the sheet. She knew John could see it too. He could see everything.
She could let go of this damn bar she was holding but she wouldn't do that, not until he was finished with her. She whimpered out loud.
John lowered his head and inhaled her scent. His tongue traveled between her engorged lips from her ass to her clit. She moaned as a small orgasm ran through her body making her shudder. She closed her legs slightly. John roughly pushed her legs back apart.
"Keep them apart," he growled at her. His message was clear.
She thought, "Oh god, he's bound my legs as well as my arms."
With one hand, he spread her lips apart over her clit and licked it gently, sending waves of pleasure through her. He thrust two fingers into her wet opening and pulled them out dripping in her wetness and rubbed them forcefully on her ass. She groaned. He sucked her clit into his mouth and flicked it with his tongue. She had a large clit, and it was swollen. His lips covered it and sucked it rhythmically in and out of his mouth. His fingers returned inside her and he bent them upwards and pulled up hard, pushing on her G-spot.
John sucked on her clit hard while almost pulling her off the bed with his fingers inside her. He sucked harder and faster as she got closer to her orgasm. He knew that she wanted to grab his head and pull it harder against her pussy. She loved that. But she didn't have that ability without moving her hands. Her knuckles turned white from squeezing the wooden bar. She would never let go until he released her. He stopped sucking on her and licked hard with his flat tongue. Her body stiffened as she neared her orgasm. He sucked her into his mouth again and bit her clit with his lips covering his teeth as he continued sucking and flicking his tongue over the tip. She screamed and her thighs almost imperceptibly moved to hold his head between them. She stopped herself and reopened them. That mistake and correction caused another wave of pleasure through her and she screamed even louder. He tongued her clit faster. It took all her mental strength to hold her legs apart and hold onto the bar. That mental restraint made her orgasm explosive.
He sucked her clit again and she screamed, "Dear lord, I can't take anymore." She was shaking and most of her body was held above the bed. But still, she didn't release the bar or move her legs.
Once she could speak again, she croaked out, "Are you satisfied now? Have you brutally taken me enough? Can I let go?" A heavy coating of sweat covered her body. Her hair stuck to her face.
John smiled down at her, moved the hair from her face, and said, "No, not yet. Seeing you come always makes me hard. But watching you come like that with your arms and your legs held in place, took me to a new level of need. I'm going to use you for a little longer. But I'll let you loosen your grip long enough to turn over."
She let go, turned over, and grabbed the bar again. She laid on her tummy. Even though she was mentally and physically exhausted, she was happy that he had said he needed more. She did too.
Despite the aching in her forearms, she shivered in anticipation over what was coming. She imagined what he was going to do to her next, and she felt that familiar tingling return to her pussy.
John looked at her shapely legs, butt, torso, and arms holding the bar on the bed and said, "God you're beautiful." Just hearing his deep baritone voice say those words made her crave his cock deep inside her. Straddling her legs, he licked her spine from her rosebud to the base of her head. Her body tasted salty. He felt her tension as he lay on her back. His cock rested between her sweet cheeks, brushing against her rosebud. He felt her squeezing him, gripping his manhood. He kissed her on the back of her neck and squeezed her hands against the wooden bar.
Kneeling behind her, he spread her legs and pulled her up onto her knees. A pillow held her head, and her hands were gripping the wooden bar in front of her. He forcefully plunged deep into her in one stroke. Pleasure rocked her body as his cock penetrated her. She loved the feeling of him filling her. He pushed in and out of her in long slow strokes from her entrance to her deepest recesses. He wanted to make this last. She moaned and pushed back with each stroke. He moved his legs outside of hers and pushed her legs together making her feel impossibly tight.
John reached around and held her breasts, pushing them hard against her chest. He held her nipples between his fingers and squeezed them until she gasped. She desperately wanted to reach down to stroke her clit, but she had no intention of moving her hands before he allowed it. As if he read her mind, she felt his hand between her legs and pushed his fingers on each side of her clit. She cried out and pushed back at him as if to thank him for the additional stimulation and to urge him on. He sped up his full-length thrusts, grunting each time he was completely in her. She squeezed her muscles as hard as she could before each inward stroke. That made her feel so tight that if she weren't so wet, he'd never get in. It felt amazing and he couldn't hold out any longer. He pushed into her hard and fast a half dozen times and released his load with a loud grunt. He held himself deep inside and she tried to milk every drop of cum from him.
Still on her knees, she squeaked out, "Are you satisfied now? Have you used me enough? Can I let go?"
John, breathing hard, said, "I'm done. You can let go."
She let go of the bar and the blood ran back into her hands. She wrapped her arms and legs around him.
"Oh god, John. That was so intense. I'll happily be your sex toy anytime you want. I loved you being rough as you used me. I felt overpowered and completely under your control. I'd let you do anything that you wanted to me. I know you'd never hurt me. It's not something I'd want all the time but tonight, it was perfect. I love it when you're gentle and loving, but sometimes it feels amazing to be aggressively taken like that."
"Holding still as if invisibly tied, made me come so hard. My mind constantly fought against messages from every nerve ending in my body telling me to surrender to what my body wanted and not to you. I almost let go dozens of times, but every time I resisted, it felt exquisite to surrender to you."
Laura felt his cock growing against her tummy. She rubbed against him until he was rock-hard at her entrance. His head popped into her, and she gasped. They wiggled together until he was deep inside her again.
"It seems that you weren'tcompletelysatisfied," Laura cooed.
When they finished, they fell into a deep sleep.
After a long nap, they put dinner in the oven and went out to the hot tub.
John said, "Bo and I have gone on a lot of these wilderness trips, but none of them were close to this much fun. You're the only woman I've taken out in the wilderness and it's so much better than being just with Bo. Sorry Bo, but it is." She rubbed his thigh under the water. "It's not just the incredible sex, it's that I've got someone that I love to share the experience with. I love to see things through your eyes."
Laura thought, "Did he say 'love'?" That thought made her panic for a moment then made her feel warm and perfect. She couldn't find words to respond to him. He leaned over and gave her a big kiss then pulled her head onto his shoulder.
Later, after dark, John told her he had a surprise for her, but they needed to be in the hot tub for it. That made her curious. John knew that this was the peak night of the Orionids meteor shower.
He said, "I arranged for some extra shooting stars tonight to wish on." They turned off all the lights. It was a new moon so other than the stars; the night sky was black. Laura was amazed at how much light the stars gave off. She saw more stars than she ever had before. Then she saw her first shooting star and then another. Soon, there was at least one shooting star a minute. John told her to wish on them, and her wishes would come true.
"I wish for..." she started to say.
"Wait! There are rules for wishes," John said.
"What rules?"
"The biggest rule is that you have to wish for something you want with all your heart. A wish like, 'I wish I had some ice cream.' won't come true."
"The other big rule is that you can't tell anyone your wish until after it comes true. If you do, it won't come true. Oh, and you have to close your eyes when you make your wish."
"I know you're just fooling with me but I'm going to make wishes anyway."
They sat out there for a long time and Laura kept closing and opening her eyes. John only had one wish and she was sitting right beside him, Laura.
+++++
Wednesday, after breakfast, John asked, "Do you want to go on a hike to the top of a ridge just north of the cabin? I want to take some pictures from up there. There were directions in that book on places to go around here."
"How hard a hike is it?"
"The book called it 'medium hard'. It's only about four miles but it's steep and the air is thin. Now that I think about it, it's probably not a good idea. The trail starts about fifteen minutes from here."
"Why don't you go, and I'll stay here and read a book."
"I don't want to leave you alone."
"Can Bo stay with me?"
"He can, but he won't like it."
"I'm sure I can keep him with me."
John got ready to go and Bo got extremely excited about the outing he thought he was going on. John took him outside for a while and threw balls for him. Bo was in good shape, and it took a long time to wear him out. John's arm gave out before Bo did. He took him back inside.
"Bo, you don't get to go with me this time. You stay here with Laura."
John said goodbye to them both and drove off in the UTV.
After John left, Bo began pacing along the window, whining, and occasionally barking. Laura sat on the couch in front of the fire reading a book and called him to come over and get on the couch with her. He got up next to her, but he wouldn't settle. He jumped back off the couch and started whining at the back door and looking outside for John. Laura started thinking that it would be a long afternoon.
She suddenly felt a cold draft. She looked over and she saw Bo standing on his back legs with one paw on the glass and one paw on the door handle. He managed to pull the door open. Before Laura could react, Bo was out the door and running in the direction that John drove off.
Laura ran to the door and called for him over and over. He didn't come to her. She panicked. She had no idea what to do. She thought about the radio and tried to call John but got no response. She tried the SAT phone but when she called it there was no answer.
The only thing she could think to do was to get in the other UTV and try to find him. With the directions to the trail and a jacket, she ran out to the garage and got the other UTV out. She headed in the direction John, and now Bo had gone.
She drove and screamed for Bo for about 10 minutes before she realized that she was getting cold. She had followed the map so she knew that John's UTV shouldn't be far. She was going to try the radio again, but she realized that in her hurry, she left the radio and SAT phone behind. She thought about whether she should keep going or if she should turn back. The UTV stopped. She looked down at the voltage gauge and it was at zero.
In her panic, she hadn't thought this through.
+++++
John was about a mile up the trail when he heard a large animal charging towards him fast. Seconds later, he saw Bo running for him as fast as four legs could carry him. Bo nearly knocked him over when he greeted him.
"Where's Laura?" he asked as if expecting an answer.
It dawned on him what had happened. Bo had slipped out the door looking for him. He knew that Laura must be panicked. He reached for his radio, then realized he left both the radio and the SAT phone in the UTV. He headed back down the trail as fast as he could. He had to tell Laura that Bo was with him.
He got to the UTV and tried Laura on both the radio and SAT phone but couldn't get hold of her. Now he was starting to panic. He got into the UTV and headed back towards the cabin.
When he got there, he couldn't find Laura. There was no note or anything. The radio and the SAT phone were on the table. It was colder now, and Laura had zero survival skills. He ran to the garage and saw that the other UTV was gone. He had no idea how to find her. The area had trails all over it.
He remembered that the UTV had some sort of GPS anti-theft tracking system in it. After finding the manual he figured out how to find its general location. It located her UTV, and it wasn't moving. The tracking system also showed that there was no charge left. He grabbed a piece of Laura's clothes and headed out with Bo.
He found the UTV, but Laura was not with it. He saw the map that she had used and realized that she had been close to him but had made one wrong turn. They had passed each other by no more than two hundred yards.
He yelled and yelled for her but got no response. He had worked with Bo on trailing but hadn't worked on it very much. But at this point, it was either Bo or calling the sheriff, and the sheriff would take too long to get there.
He was in full panic mode now. He let Bo sniff her clothes and told him to find her. He was not confident Bo would understand what he wanted.
Bo sniffed around then took off into the woods. John followed as best he could, screaming for Laura. After about 15 minutes he heard a small voice in the woods. Bo ran towards it, barking, and John tried to keep up. He got to a clearing and saw Laura sitting on a rock, hugging Bo, crying, laughing, telling him what a bad dog he was, how much he scared her, and how much she loved him.
John ran over to Laura and hugged her so tight she couldn't breathe.
He took off his coat and put it on her. "Do you have any idea how much you scared me? Why did you do this? This is all my fault. I should have never left you alone." He was almost yelling at her.
"I had to find Bo. I couldn't tell you that I'd lost him if I hadn't done everything in my power to find him. I tried to call you on the radio and the SAT phone, but you didn't answer."
His tone changed, "I'm embarrassed to admit this, but I left them in the UTV. I know better than that. But you shouldn't have risked your safety for him. He would have been fine."
"You would have risked anything to find him."
"I wouldn't have risked you. We need to get you to the cabin and warm you up."
"When we get home, I'm going to enroll you and Bo in a training class. He's got to learn to listen to you or he can't go with us. You need to take a survival course too."
Laura said, "You're taking the survival course with me, 'Mister I left the radio behind'. By the way, Bo knows how to open the patio door."
There were blankets in the UTV and John bundled her up for the ride to the cabin. When they got there, he got out a sleeping bag and put it in front of the fire. He stripped off her clothes and put her in the sleeping bag and zipped her in. She was still shivering from the cold. In another hour, she would have been in real trouble.
He put more wood on the fire and turned up the heat. He took off his clothes and got in the sleeping bag with her so she could have his body heat. Her skin was still like ice. They lay bundled up like that for at least an hour before Laura got warm. They skipped the hot tub that night. John didn't want her to get cold again and she needed to rest. John made her some soup and hot tea. They went to bed early and John insisted that she wear the long johns they got her. He pressed against her until she fell into a deep sleep. She was exhausted.
Knowing full well she was asleep, John whispered, "I love you and want to be with you for the rest of my life."
+++++
Amazingly, Laura felt fine the next morning. It snowed a little and she wanted to go out and play in the snow. She even braved the cold and posed naked in the snow on the deck. The snow was in the background on the trees and looked heavier than it was, almost blocking the view of the lake.
It was too cold to be unprotected for long, so she slipped into the hot tub. John took her picture in the hot tub with a hat on to keep the snow out of her face. The steam from the tub looked great as it billowed up around her. She didn't need the hat, but it looked cute in the pictures.
She took off the hat so she could enjoy the snow. John tried to capture the ephemeral nature of snowflakes as they landed and instantly melted on her breasts and face.
She looked great in the snow and John started thinking about a ski trip in a few months. Having grown up in Colorado, she was a good skier. John had skied a long time ago and enjoyed it, but never really had the time to get good at it.
There were paw prints everywhere from Bo running in the snow. He'd never seen snow but loved it and wanted everyone to play too. He'd run around in big circles and then roll in it. Although it looked like a lot, it was warm enough that it didn't stick to the ground much.
They took an easy hike in the early afternoon when it was warmer. Later that afternoon, they just hung out together in the cabin. Laura sat wrapped in a blanket reading and John went through some of the pictures he'd taken. They were acting like a couple who had been together for years, an old married couple. There was no need to keep a conversation going or even be aware of what the other person was doing. They were separate but together. It felt peaceful and easy.
They cooked dinner together. They ate, drank, and laughed while they cooked then ate a hearty meal. After dinner, they went out to the hot tub and sat next to each other, touching, but not in an overtly sexual way. They just wanted to be close to each other; to watch the stars and share the view. They spoke little; they didn't need to. They had not verbalized it and weren't ready to yet, but they were in love with each other, now and forever.
At bedtime, they slipped into bed together. They didn't drag each other into bed to consummate their sexual desire. Nor did they leap, pull, push, or rush in. Those things had been done often this week. But tonight, they simply got in bed together and made simple sweet love. They weren't trying to display their sexual prowess to each other, they were beyond that. They just wanted to express their love for each other in a non-verbal way. They went to sleep in each other's arms feeling happy, satisfied, and together.
+++++
They went into town Friday morning, and they made sure to take their little automatic cameras. Poor Bo had to stay in a crate in a closed room. The town was about twenty miles away but with the roads and the large vehicle they were driving, it took them close to an hour to get there.
It was a typical town in the mountains. It catered to people staying near the lake, in cabins, going hiking, or headed to one of the small ski areas. It was well-maintained and the view around it was spectacular. It had a small museum and several stores that sold kitsch. They wandered around going through the shops and bought some trinkets to remind them of their stay.
Now that Laura knew how to use her little camera better, she took more pictures. They acted like the tourists they were. They asked strangers to take their pictures against the background of the lake and they returned the favor. The pictures would show the group that they didn't spend all their time in the cabin taking advantage of each other. They bought something in every store they went into, as small silly gifts for the gang.
They found a great barbecue joint and played footsie under the table. They seemed to have become fifteen years younger and were acting like teenagers.
After lunch, John had a surprise for her. They got back in the RV and drove another ten minutes. When they stopped, Laura was surprised to see a large clearing. As she was about to ask John about it, she heard a loud noise. She saw a helicopter landing. A young couple got out and John motioned for Laura to follow him towards the helicopter. Laura gave him all the signals she knew that meant "No!", one of which involved a middle finger. John ran back to her and told her to come with him.
She said emphatically, "No!"
John said, "You didn't want to go on this camping trip, and I swore you'd have fun, didn't I?"
"Yes."
"And you have enjoyed it, haven't you?"
"Yes," she said begrudgingly.
"Trust me, you'll enjoy this."
She hesitated then said, "OK, but if I die, you'll have the girl group to deal with."
He led her to the helicopter and helped her inside.
Once they strapped in, he put a headset on her so they could talk. There was another blast of noise as the helicopter took off. Her fingers were digging into John's arm and her eyes were closed. The helicopter turned quickly, and she dug her nails deeper into John.
"Open your eyes." She shook her head.
"You'll get sick if you don't open your eyes."
She slowly opened them and what she saw was breathtaking. The helicopter went all around the lake and in the cool air she could see for miles. Lake Tahoe is twenty-two miles long and is so clear that you can see seventy feet below the surface. She saw the mountains surrounding the lake covered with pines, boats, both big and small, beaches, and small ski resorts.
John took lots of pictures of Laura as her face lit up when she saw new things.
The ride was less than an hour long and when Laura got out, she was beaming and happy that she'd trusted John to know that she would like it.
When they got back to the camper, she asked, "Will those beds hold two people?"
"I think so if they're very friendly."
"Oh, I plan on being very friendly. Find a good place to park."
He barely got the camper parked before she pulled him into the back. If anyone was around, they heard their enthusiasm. Their fun ended abruptly when the little bed collapsed. It was not built for the two of them to be that friendly.
Laura asked, "John, can I please go with you when you take it to the shop? I'll wear short cutoffs and a tight crop top while you explain how it broke. Please?"
By this point, they were laughing hysterically and rolling around on the camper floor mostly naked.
Laura asked, "Can you ask the guy to highly reinforce the beds because of the heavy use they get?" She was laughing so hard she could barely get out the words and tears were running out of her eyes.
Once they pulled themselves together, they stopped by a small grocery store and bought food. Laura wanted to cook dinner for John.
John went upstairs to get the fire in the bedroom started again and to take a shower. Laura took off her clothes, put on a frilly apron she found, and started prepping for dinner. She knew that wearing an apron and wool socks would drive John insane. He came downstairs in a robe and spotted her outfit. He hoped that she was not in a critical part of cooking the meal but didn't care. He had an overwhelming need for her, and he was not to be denied. He snuck behind her and grabbed her around the waist. His cock pressed between her cheeks as he kissed her neck and ears.
"Not now John, I'm cooking," she said giggling.
"You dress in that frilly apron and expect me just to watch. Oh no, my dear. I'm going to bend you over the kitchen counter and take you, now."
He spun her around and pressed her tummy against the kitchen island. She shrieked in mock surprise. He pushed her apron-covered chest down on the cold counter leaving her backside quite exposed.
"We can't do this here," she said in a teasing voice. "People eat here."
"Good idea," he said. He dropped to his knees and licked her pussy, making her gasp.
"I can't believe you're violating me on a kitchen counter," she said between moans. "I'll scream!"
"That's the point. I want to make you scream, loudly."
He licked her from her clit to her puckered rosebud. She moaned loudly as his tongue played with her ass. He sucked her clit into his mouth and flicked it with his tongue. He knew she was close. He put his hand on her lower back and then slowly moved it down her butt. His thumb slid between her cheeks, and he could feel her building to a climax. He continued to suck her clit as he pushed his thumb hard against her rosebud. She screamed as her orgasm hit her.
"Oh god, I need your cock in me."
He stood up and slid all the way inside her in one stroke. Her muscles tightened around him as he pounded hard and deep into her. Each time he thrust into her she grunted as he pushed her forward on the countertop. He couldn't get enough of her. He pulled out, turned her around, and lifted her onto the counter. The marble surface was like ice on her bottom, but she loved it. He lifted her legs over his shoulders and slammed back into her. He reached up and grabbed the rough fabric covering her tits and rubbed it on her nipples, as he continued thrusting into her. Beads of sweat formed on his brow, and he increased his speed as he neared his climax. He came so hard he thought that his knees were going to buckle.
He took Laura's legs off his shoulder, pulled her up, and kissed her. They held each other there until they caught their breath.
He lifted her off the counter, now covered with the evidence of their lovemaking.
"Am I going to have to put on clothes to cook dinner?"
"Don't you dare! I like your outfit."
"I can tell."
"I'll try to be good."
"Youweregood,verygood, but can you behave?"
"I'll try, but I can't guarantee anything." He smiled at her.
Laura went back to cooking. She looked back a few times and saw John watching her ass. She thought that she should find some cute aprons along with more negligees.
The meal that Laura cooked for him was delicious. She enjoyed cooking and thought that she'd cook for him more often at home. Besides, it would be nice to be a little domestic around him. Getting some cute aprons would make for a fun time when she was feeling frisky.
That night was their last night in this cabin and the end of their first trip together. It had been a long and fun-filled day ending a fun-filled week. Laura was overjoyed that she had not weaseled out of going for fear that she wouldn't have fun. She enjoyed whatever she did with John. This luxury cabin thrilled her, but she now realized that if they had been sleeping on the ground under the stars, John would have seen to it that she enjoyed it.
Laura brought wine along with a platter of fruit, vegetables, and cheese up to the bedroom dressed in another nightie. They sat in bed eating food from the tray and talked.
"Well, what's the plan for when we get home?" Laura asked as she fed John a strawberry.
"First, I want to call Ken and thank him. And I need to tell him about the helicopter rides. Do you want to get together for dinner next week?"
"Sure. I need to call Vicky and pretend I'm mad that she didn't tell me. Then I'll tell her how much fun she's going to have. We need to remember to send flowers and food like they sent. It was an easy and romantic way to nibble on a little food. Maybe some champagne too. Ken needs to call the caretaker and have him check the batteries on all the vehicles. In a couple of weeks, they may get some real snow. Oh, we need to get the bed fixed in the RV." Laura started laughing.
John said, "Beyond that, I'd like to have a big Thanksgiving party for everyone at my house. It will give me a chance to use that grand room in my house with the huge table and all the chairs. I have a lot to be thankful for this year and I want to share it with everyone."
"Then there's Christmas shopping, Christmas, and New Year. I know most people have family around for Christmas, but I'd like to have a small party, maybe brunch, on a day close to Christmas. Christmas Eve, Christmas morning, Boxing Day? We can figure out something. I don't want it to be a big gift-giving affair. Don't tell anyone but I'll have a small gift for everyone. Naughty or Nice."
"I was thinking that we might get a cabin at a ski resort in January or February. I bet you look great in a ski outfit."
Laura said, "We're going to have a busy few months."
Laura took off the cover-up to her nighty leaving her in a white lacey elastic bra and panties. They turned off the lights and lay spooning watching the fire trying to go to sleep. They were both tired and desperately needed to turn in early tonight because of the long drive ahead of them in the morning.
Laura said, "John, I'm not sleepy yet."
"Boy, I am," he said with an exaggerated yawn.
"Lier. I can feel you against my butt and you're hard again."
"I can't help it."
"I can." Laura slipped out of her panties and pulled the bra over her head.
She turned over and kissed John pressing her body against his hardness. "All that exercise you do sure gives you a lot of stamina. Keep it up." She giggled at her little pun.
"My stamina is going to start to wane in forty or fifty years. Will you still want me around?"
"We'll see."
John pushed Laura onto her back and climbed between her legs. They made slow, gentle love.
John and Laura woke up on Saturday morning and they didn't want to leave. They delayed as long as they could by snuggling in bed. Other guests were coming out on Sunday and the caretaker needed to get in to clean and restock. They talked about buying a place near there but decided there were other places to explore. John said that they could go out again sometime, but they knew that it wouldn't be the same ever again. They talked about coming out with Vicky and Ken but agreed they should visit by themselves first so that they could share the same kind of experience as John and Laura did. Maybe they could all come next summer, but there would have to be a bit more decorum. They'd had sex on almost all the surfaces in the house at least once.
As they were about to leave, they turned and looked back at the cabin. Laura said, "I'm never going to forget this place. I'm going to give Ken a big kiss for this."
"Hey, no kissing other men."
"Jealous? Do I need to remind you about your naked hug with Vicky? The one you never told me about?"
"Oh yeah. I guess he does deserve a kiss."
"Only on the cheek lover." She put her arm through his and snuggled next to him staring at the cabin.
As they left, John called the caretaker and told him they were out of the cabin and thanked him for everything. The trip home was uneventful. Laura slept most of the way. Since they started on the road late, it was dark by the time they got back home. They were tired, so John left most of the unpacking for the next day. He did get all the cameras and memory cards out.
He called Ken to thank him for the flowers and the use of the cabin. He told him how much fun they had, and that Vicky was going to love it. She wouldn't be able to keep her hands off him. He warned him that Bo had figured out how to open the glass door. They made plans to go out to dinner so they could tell them all about the trip. He sent a few photos. One was of Laura in the hot tub with her hat on during the little snowstorm.
As much fun as the trip was, it felt good to be home too. Even Bo was tired and followed Laura upstairs to go to bed. Laura called Vicky briefly just to thank her for the extra packing and to tell her she was in for the time of her life. She promised they'd get together the next day and talk.
Laura heard Ken talking in the background and then Vicky said, "You look great in the hot tub wearing your hat in the snow."
Laura told her that she was going to sleep now and probably wouldn't wake up until afternoon. She invited Bo up on the bed with her.
John made quick prints of all the pictures he took and removed some that were personal. He wouldn't show these to anyone. Not because they were naked in them, but because the moment captured was just for them. He didn't want to share some moments with anyone.
He looked at the landscape pictures he took and then at some of the landscapes he'd taken before. The new ones weren't technically as good, but they had something else. Most of them had Laura in them and that made them special. But it wasn't only that the person he loved was in them. The pictures were fixed in time and space. They weren't just pictures of a landscape, they were pictures of a landscape on that day, month, and year and whenever they looked at them, it would take them, and only them, back to that time and place. His old landscapes could have been taken at any time. They held no emotions.
He'd lost track of time, and it was late. He went upstairs and saw Laura with her hair messed up, snuggled under the covers, fast asleep. Only her face showed through the covers. Bo was asleep behind her. He took a picture of her sleeping. She'd probably hate it, her hair was a mess, but it would always be one of John's favorites.
Author's postscript: Thanks for reading my story. There are two more stories in the "New Neighbors" series that will be coming soon. Please vote below. You don't have to be a member to vote or comment.