I have been dreaming up stories for years but, until recently, none has ever been shared.
Inspiration for some of the people and events described is drawn from my own experience, but it is overwhelmingly a work of fiction.
Constructive criticism is welcome.
Liz features in "Entertaining Liz" and has a part in "Mary lets go"; it's not essential, but you might like to read those first.
You can read about Adam's first experiences of Bangkok in "Under pressure".
Prologue
I work for a well-known consulting company, based in their Singapore office, mostly working with clients across the region. It is a good job, with lots of travel and I am paid well. The hours can be long, but I have enough spare time to have fun too.
London
I was back in London for a few days for meetings with a client, about a possible new project. During a break for lunch I bumped into Liz, a senior colleague based in London. I had been her 'bag-carrier' when she had visited Singapore about six months earlier.
She greeted me warmly, "Hi Adam, I heard you were in town.
"There's something I want to talk to you about, could you stop by my office about 5pm?"
Mentally I checked my calendar. "Sure, we should be finished with the client by then."
"Great, see you at five!" and she was gone, hustling down the corridor.
I watched her go, noticing how her bum moved in that tight skirt, remembering when my dick had been nestled between her cheeks. If Liz wanted to discuss business she probably would have sent a meeting request. I suspected she was planning something informal. My dick stirred in the pants.
~~~
It was hard to stay focussed for the afternoon session. The client was notoriously difficult to work with and the project very dull. Time flowed like a brick. I could swear that the minute hand on the clocks on wall (one each showing the local time in New York, London, and Tokyo if you must know) were going backwards. Eventually we wrapped up, agreeing to meet again the next morning.
It was already past 5 o'clock! I dashed up the two flights of stairs to Liz's floor.
"Someone's eager" she observed. "Close the door and sit down."
"Sorry, the client would not shut up."
"No problem, I know how those guys can drone on.
"Anyway, I wanted to talk to you about is my next visit to Asia. I'd like you to be my bag-carrier again, if you are willing that is. I have already OK'ed it with TK."
TK, or 'Tiny Kock' as Liz had nick-named him, was my line manager back in Singapore.
"I'd love to fetch and carry for you again," I grinned. "Guess we'd better check my calendar though, don't want to upset too many clients."
"Of course. The rough plan is to arrive on the Sunday. Spend a couple of days in Singapore, then go up to Bangkok for the Wednesday and Thursday. There is nothing else scheduled until the following Monday.
"Your challenge is to keep me occupied from the Friday morning until Sunday evening. Think you're up to it?"
"I think I can get up for that!" I smiled.
She caught the double-entendre and grinned, "thought you might be able to.
"There are a couple of conditions. Firstly, I want to be surprised. Secondly, don't make it obvious that we are sharing a room. Sort out hotels and flights with Angela.
"And remember that you owe me a big 'thank you' for Mary."
I thought for a moment, "how about I book the hotel for the weekend directly? Angela will know where we fly to, but nothing more."
"Good idea. See you next month. Now skedaddle, I have a call at half-past."
Making plans
On the flight home I considered possible options, but there was one which I kept coming back to. Were there such places in Asia? Would Liz freak out? I didn't know the answer to either question.
Back in Singapore I did some research. 'Where can I take a colleague for a dirty weekend?' was not an appropriate question for the office so thank goodness for the internet.
I found that the kind of resort I was thinking of could be found in Asia, indeed there were quite a lot of them around Phuket. That would be a plausible place to visit en route from Bangkok to Singapore, so I drew up a short list, made some detailed enquiries, and then a booking.
Angela arranged flights and Liz asked about what clothes she would need. I told her that we would be spending a lot of time poolside so sunhat, sandals, and probably a wrap as well. We'd need lots of sunblock too, but I would organise that.
Bangkok
A few weeks later I met Liz at Changi airport and escorted her to her hotel. It was late and we had an early start the next morning so, apart from a rather deep kiss and a squeeze of my dick, there was no messing around. Liz is very disciplined on 'school nights'.
The next two days were full of meetings in the Singapore office, some just with colleagues and others with clients as well. Then it was off to Bangkok for a case of rinse and repeat.
Finally, it was Thursday evening, and we were done, three days of R&R ahead of us.
Liz and I were flying the next morning, so I took her out.
"Are you up for a bit of smut?" I asked. She grinned her assent.
First stop was a Thai restaurant. I knew her tastes so avoided ordering fish, or anything too spicy.
"That was nice" she told me, "But I wouldn't call it smutty. I guess we're off to sample some of the infamous nightlife next."
"You would be right; follow me."
Ten minutes later we were in Soi Cowboy, outside the Long Gun.
"Are you really going to take me to a girly bar?"
"Yes I am."
"A girly bar in Bangkok is not a great surprise, is it?"
"No, it isn't, but this is not the surprise I have planned."
"Interesting, lead on."
We entered the bar finding space on one of the long benches that line the room. Drinks ordered we settled in to watch the show. I like the Long Gun because they make an effort, which is especially obvious when there is a large group on stage, in coordinated outfits and at least some basic choreography. Throw in some novelty acts and you have a bit of variety. Other bars may have one or two dancers, probably on drugs, moving listlessly with only the vaguest sense that they are hearing the music.
A group of seven or eight girls made their way to the stage. All wearing cowboy hats and white bikinis decorated with tassels in a vaguely western-themed manner. The music came up and the started to dance. Each taking a turn at the end of the catwalk that ran down the centre of the room.
"Not bad" said Liz.
Next up was a woman whose speciality was removing bottle tops with her pussy. I winced; Liz gawped in horror.
"Where's the toilet?" she asked.
"Right down the end, you can't miss it."
Moments later she was back, "you idiot, I wanted the ladies, not the gents."
I shrugged, "same place, everybody shares". She gave me one of her stares.
She returned with a big grin on her face. "I just started a fight. As I walked one of the guys at the urinal turned to stare and pissed on the leg of the guy next to him. From the cubicle I could hear things kicking off; there are a couple of bouncers sorting it out now.
"I don't suppose that's the surprise, is it?"
"Nope, all will be revealed tomorrow. We've got an early start so how about we finish our drinks and go back to the hotel?" She nodded.
"Do you want some company tonight?"
"Of course," she replied.
"Which one?"
"Eh, what do you mean 'which one'?"
"Which of the dancers? Most of them are available, for a price of course."
Liz took a moment, "you're the only one that will be dancing for me tonight."
We fucked for a while before drifting off to sleep.
Phuket
Friday
At Phuket airport a hotel car was waiting for us; the drive took less than an hour. About noon we turned into lush grounds surrounding a long, low building. In the lobby a young Thai woman greeted us, checked the booking details, then launched into a well-practised briefing.
She pointed to the restaurant entrance, explained its opening hours and said "There is no dress code in there so feel free to wear what you like. You have a Pool View room. There's a card in the room with the hotel rules, please read it carefully.
"These are your room keys, which you can also use to pay for things around the resort." She handed us both a piece of plastic, like a credit card, attached to a lanyard.
A porter led us to our room.
As we followed him Liz wondered why the keys had a strap. "Easy way to carry them around, I suppose."
The pool was visible through a large window, Liz stepped outside for a better look.
"Oh my god" she squealed, "naked people!"
"Liz, better come inside, you're breaking Rule One!" I waved a laminated card at her.
She began to read "Rule One, no clothes by the pool" then laughed. "Bloody hell, you've brought to me a nudist resort. I wasn't expecting that, your mission to surprise me is complete. Now I get your 'all will be revealed' line."
"I don't think so, not yet."
She shot me a curious look, "Rule Two, no sex in the restaurant. Rule Three, 'No means No'."
Light dawned.
"It's a resort for swingers! Adam, that really is a surprise, you have exceeded my expectations and then some."
I grinned, "I don't think swinging is compulsory - that's what Rule Three is about - but nobody will mind if you do."
She snorted with laughter.
"You devious sod, you just want to ditch me for someone else!"
"No, I'm here to have fun with you, if that involves other people, so be it. If not, it doesn't matter."
"I might just believe you. But why did you tell me to bring a bikini to a nudist resort?"
"I didn't. My instruction was 'sunhat, sandals, and maybe a wrap'."
"Shit, you're right, I just assumed that swimwear would be needed. In future I shall pay more attention to what you say."
Her face fell," bugger, I got you a present but you won't be able to wear it! Rule One."
She rummaged in her case, producing a small object, wrapped in tissue paper.
"Go on, open it, you can at least model it for me here in the room."
I unwrapped the gift. Inside was a thong, basically a G-string with a bit more space in the front to cover a cock. It was my turn to swear.
"I have a matching set," she announced. "Tell you what, let's put them now and find some lunch. Rule One doesn't apply in the restaurant."
"Good plan," I said, whilst simultaneously wondering what the hell I had done by bringing Liz here.
Soon we were dressed - if that's the right word - in our new outfits. My dick was hardly covered, and I expected my balls to make an appearance as soon as I started walking. Liz was no better; her pussy and her nipples were barely covered by narrow pieces of cloth connected by thin pieces of string. I was getting hard just looking at her.
"Dare you!" she said, grabbed her key, and strode from the room. I followed. What else could I do?
As we headed for the restaurant the receptionist gave us a friendly wave.
"Hello Miss Liz, Mr Adam, I see you have made a bold choice of clothing, but may I make a suggestion?"
I assumed we had broken the rules in some way.
"I can see a lot of hair down there," she gestured towards my cock, "a lot of our guests like to take advantage of our beauty service to get all tidy, if you know what I mean. Would you like me to see if they can fit you in this afternoon?"
Liz chortled "yes, he certainly would, and please see if they could do me as well."
The receptionist, Jai according to her name badge, nodded and picked up the phone.
"They could do you both in an hour, so you can have lunch first."
"Great" enthused Liz.
An hour later we entered the resort's beauty salon. Two Thai women wearing matching uniforms were waiting for us. They introduced themselves as Noi and Ped. Over lunch I had almost forgotten how exposed I was; it all came flooding back now.
I was stood next to a lounge chair, Noi by my side. "Let me help you undress," she said, grasping the sides of my thong and pulling it right down, giving my cock a painful tweak as she did. It stuck straight out directly in front of her face.
Noi pulled on a pair of surgical gloves and began to examine me, pushing my dick and sack around when they obstructed her view. She even parted my arse cheeks.
"I recommend a full shave of this area", my groin, "these", my cock and balls, "and in here", my arse. "Is that OK?"
"Er, yes."
"Then please lie back" she said. Liz was doing the same in the next chair.
Noi collected a bowl of warm water, shaving cream, and a safety razor. Carefully she applied the cream, waited for it to soften the hairs, then removed them with short, delicate strokes, frequently holding me with her other hand.
Finally, she washed me down, dried me off, and applied a lotion to the newly bare areas, perhaps rubbing more than was strictly necessary.
I'm not sure how I didn't come.
Liz and I both stood, smiling broadly; the feeling of air on our bare skin was fantastic. We thanked the beauticians and headed for our room, not bothering to dress in our skimpy costumes. What was the point?
A blonde woman appeared from the restaurant as entered the lobby. She was naked except for a flimsy wrap tied at her waist; it hid nothing.
She glanced at my dick, still as stiff as a post, "looks like someone's glad to see me, or are you just a naught boy?" Grabbing my dick, she waggled it up and down, as if shaking hands. "My name's Sarah by the way".
Australian.
"Liz and Adam", said Liz. Sarah let go of me and gave Liz a quick hug, nipple to nipple.
"See you around" said the bubbly blonde as she walked away.
Liz cackled with laughter, "your face was a picture when she grabbed you. That was hilarious. I guess the surprises are just going to keep coming."
Back in the room we tumbled onto the bed, instinctively going down on each other, exploring our new hairless state. Aroused by the intimate attentions of Noi and Ped we came quickly. Lying side by side we chatted about the experience so far.
"I have never been touched like that before" I said, "it was like a medical examination, but an incredibly erotic one."
"Yes," Liz agreed. "They seemed so dispassionate, yet Ped was taking far longer on my pussy than she needed to. She was looking for hairs where there are never going to be any."
"All part of the service, I guess. Certainly got us going."
"That Australian was hot; don't think I've hugged a naked woman before."
"Ever been with a woman?" I asked.
Liz shook her head "not really, few teenage fumbles with my best friend. Nothing quite as ... open. Felt good 'though."
"Perhaps we can fix you up with a woman this weekend, maybe Sarah would be up for it."
"No way, you perv, you just want to watch some lesbian action," she objected. But I had a feeling that she wasn't totally against the idea.
We decided to try out the pool bar. Swimming naked without hair was another new sensation. An arousing one.
Another couple were already sat at the counter sipping a luminous cocktail each. I shuddered at the memory of the Singapore Sling Liz had insisted on trying on her previous trip. They introduced themselves as Ha-Yoon and Jung, two Koreans living in Singapore. We chatted as you might at a polite dinner party with people you had never met before; seemingly oblivious to the fact that we were all sat waist deep in water, completely naked.
Jung asked what we had been doing that day. Liz explained that we only arrived that morning and the highlight so far - I noted the 'so far' - had been getting shaved in the beauty salon. She stood giving them a clear view of her naked pubis; I thought I should do the same.
Ha-Yoon was fascinated by my hairless crotch. She reached out to touch me. My cock twitching as her fingers made contact. That brought her round.
"Oh, I'm sorry," she blushed deeply, "I wasn't thinking. That was so rude!"
I laughed "it's OK, I don't mind."
"Have a good feel" chipped in Liz, "you're only the fourth woman to grope him today!"
Ya-Hoon gasped in amazement, but she didn't let go. Liz moved to stand next to Jung, allowing him to explore her nakedness. He didn't say 'no'. So, there we were, in intimate contact with two people we had only just met, with a barman watching from a few feet away. Liz grinned at me. 'Surprise' she mouthed.
Everyone agreed to try the hot tub.
Without any discussion Liz sat next to Jung, Ha-Yoon by me. I didn't hesitate, I leaned in to kiss her and touch her. Her waist, her breasts, and then between her legs. They parted to allow me access. Her pubic hair was sparse, not shaved. I played with her clit, then her labia, and then slipped a finger inside. I didn't know whether she was wet from the pool, or her own secretions, but she was certainly wet. With a thumb on her clit, I finger-fucked her.
Meanwhile, she had a hand of my dick. Fingers encircling me she jerked fast then slow, hard then soft, constantly varying her grip.
I knew that we were both close to climax. I increased my tempo, she did too. She shuddered; I shuddered. My cum floated on the surface of the water. Incongruously I wondered how often they cleaned the pool.
Noises beside me suggested that Liz and Jung had come too.
A couple at the other end of the tub applauded. When had they got in?
We decided that it was time for some food.
Over dinner we chatted some more. Ha-Yoon had been talking about visiting somewhere like this for some time, but this was the first visit. They had arrived a few days' ago but, until now, they had just watched what was happening around them. Liz explained that we weren't really a couple, fuckbuddies rather than lovers. That we were here because she had asked me to surprise her, and that I had succeeded. They were surprised that this was our first experience of swinging, I told them I was surprised it was theirs, that we must be 'naturals'.
It was a fun evening.
As in the hot tub, Liz had been sat next to Jung, and me with Ya-Hoon. Neither of us had been shy about touching the other, maintaining the connection we had already established. Thus, as the staff cleared our table, it seemed natural for us to leave with our new partners. I glanced meaningfully at Liz; she nodded. I left with Ya-Hoon.
In her room I suggested a shower to remove the pool water (and whatever else it contained). She quickly agreed. It was the first opportunity I had had to consider her body. Her skin was pale, B- or C-cup breasts, medium height, slim, with hair in a neat bob. She was gorgeous. I guessed that she was in her late 20's, about 5 years older than me.
We dried off.
"Are you OK with this?" I asked. "You call the shots."
She smiled, "oh I want it, I want your cock inside me. Please. I want it now."
I didn't need another invitation.
She wrapped her legs around me as I lifted her up, then lowered her slowly onto my throbbing erection. Ha-Yoon groaned as I slid inside her. Placing her back against the bathroom wall I thrust up, again and again, hard and deep. Desperate, urgent. We came, panting in unison.
Later, in bed, we had sex again. This time slower, more gently.
As I drifted off to sleep, I reflected on the last 24 hours. 24 hours of crazy, surreal, exciting experiences. Liz was not my partner, we weren't really swapping, we certainly weren't cheating; whatever this was it was consensual. That was important.
Saturday
A sense of 'weird' struck me the next morning. I was lying beside a beautiful woman, shortly to return to my equally attractive friend Liz.
The four of us shared a table at breakfast. As we parted, we exchanged warm hugs and kisses with our new friends. Back in our room I asked Liz how her night had been.
"It fun and exciting, and weird. How was yours?"
"That's a pretty good summary. I could get used to it; I get why some people are addicted to 'the lifestyle', as I think it's known."
"Thanks, Adam, this has been quite an experience. I'm loving it."
We snuggled up on the bed.
"I don't want to scare you, but it has made me think about our relationship. Whatever it is, having sex with Ha-Yoon has made me feel closer to you."
"I know, I feel the same.
"I'm not about to propose or anything, but I'm glad to have you in my life. Let's have fun."
"Yeah, let's have fun."
I checked my watch, "we'd better get going, it's nearly time for our massage."
Ped was waiting for in the beauty salon. Instead of yesterday's medical look she had a sarong tied above her breasts. I wondered whether was simply for aesthetic reasons, or if it signalled something more. My cock twitched at the thought. She noticed, and grinned.
She led us through the salon area and into the gardens where there was an open-sided pavilion with a double bed. Beyond that was an outdoor shower area Noi was helping to dry Sarah, presumably freshly massaged.
The Australian woman looked incredibly sexy, standing completely naked against a backdrop of luscious foliage. I got a little stiffer.
She noticed. "Are you being naughty again? Will Liz have to punish you?"
She wasn't helping.
Liz laughed, "he's often naughty like that. I can hardly keep up with the punishment."
I hadn't noticed any complaints.
"Well, if you need any help, let me know. I'm at a bit of a loose end.
"Actually, do you mind if I stay and watch? I'm want to learn how to massage so it would be good to see these ladies in action as well just feeling it."
"Why not?" Liz shrugged.
Ped and Noi asked us to lie down, knelt on either side of us, and went to work. The warm oil, spread in gentle strokes, by their soft hands. It felt wonderful.
After the intimacy during the shaving session yesterday I was not surprised that Ped spent a lot of time on my arse and balls, even reaching beneath me to play with my cock. However, I did not expect the finger that she pushed up my bum; I nearly came on the spot.
At an unspoken signal the masseuses undid their sarongs, retying them at waist level. I had been right about their clothing signalling something else. Spreading oil on their boobs they leaned down to rub them up and down our bodies. I was in heaven.
When we turned over my cock was rampant, a gentle breeze doing little to reduce the heat radiating from it.
Ped and Noi resumed their work. The view of their breasts - Noi's petite, Ped's fuller - made it even more exciting. It wasn't long before both women were running them across our bodies again. Then Ped began to work my cock. First with her hands, then with her mouth as well.
I couldn't see exactly what Noi was doing with Liz, but I had a fair idea. She grasped my hand and moaned as she came. I remembered that she had never been with a woman before. That thought nearly took me over the edge, but I held on. I don't know why, but I was glad I did.
Massage over Ped & Noi sat up. Liz seemed exhausted, but I was still as hard as iron.
Ped looked across at her, "would you like to deal with this, or shall I?". 'It' was my cock.
"You do it," Liz whispered hoarsely.
To my surprise, Ped stood, untied her wrap and slipped off a pair of black panties. After fitting a condom, with what seemed to be a single, fluid movement she mounted me.
"Fuck!" I said, astonished by what had just happened.
"Wow!" said Sarah.
I had forgotten she was even there. I realised that there were three naked women watching as Ped rode me, and we were full view of anybody who walked past. It was a huge buzz. I had been naked in public before, I enjoyed it, but this was something else. More exciting than any previous occasion.
That was enough. I shot my load into Ped.
She grinned like a cat with cream. Knowing that I was a satisfied customer and, I like to think, having come herself.
Noi took charge.
She told us that the next massage was not for a while, so we could take some time to relax before having a shower. The two Thai women cleaned themselves up, redressed, and left.
Sarah, Liz, and I sat on the bed, staring at each other.
"Wow," said Sarah, again.
"Wow," Liz and I agreed.
"That was so hot.
"Especially when you allowed Ped to fuck Adam."
"I wasn't expecting that, I thought she might give me a blowjob, but that was ... amazing." I said.
Liz echoed me, "I wasn't expecting that either, but I'm glad she did. I couldn't take my eyes off it."
"Doug and I, that's my absent husband in case you are wondering, have had massages here before, but they never finished like that.
"In fact, they only ever fingered me. I was stunned when Noi started licking you; I got so wet."
Liz grunted acknowledgement.
Sensing something Sarah reached out to touch Liz on the shoulder. "Would you like me to wash while Adam recovers?"
"Yes please," said Liz with that hoarse, husky tone I'd heard earlier.
Sarah guided her to the shower. I watched as the younger woman poured some soap onto her hands then tenderly lathered up my lover. She was thorough, touching every part, including Liz's pussy. She squirmed at the touch, pushing against our new friend.
Already I was hard again.
Sarah took a towel then patted Liz dry. "Would you like to eat my pussy?" she asked.
"Very much so," was the answer.
I could scarcely believe it. Liz, who had never done anything like that before! Liz, who pooh-poohed the idea less than 24 hours earlier!
Sarah lay back on the bed, legs spread, pussy fully exposed. I could see drops of moisture on her lips. Liz didn't hesitate before positioning herself between Sarah's knees, bending her head forward, face and one hand at her groin. The other reached up to play with Sarah's nipples.
I couldn't be any harder.
I wanted to touch them, but I feared breaking the mood. So, I just watched, entranced, as Sarah orgasmed. Finally she pushed Liz away.
"That was fantastic, but I can't take any more for now. Thank you."
Just then Ped appeared, grinning at the sight of us. "Fifteen minutes," was all she said.
We headed for the shower, sharing the flow, washing each other's back, then towelling dry.
"Would you like to come to my room?" asked Sarah, pointing to one of the rooms that overlooked the gardens, "it's just over there."
Inside the three of us collapsed in a heap on the bed. We chatted while we recovered. Sarah told us that she and Doug had been swinging for a couple of years and that this was their second visit to the resort. They were supposed to be there for a week, but a problem at work meant he had to leave early.
"I was furious; I still am! I'd been looking forward to this trip for months and then he buggered off after two days leaving me high & dry. You'd think it wouldn't be hard to score in a swingers' resort, but I feel like a spare wheel."
She put on a funny voice "'Excuse me, madam, can I shag your husband' doesn't feel right when you have nothing to offer in return.
"Watching everyone else pair has left me hornier than ever. I'm so worked up that I forgot my manners with you guys. Grabbing your dick was, well, ... I'm sorry, ... and all that stuff about you being 'naughty' and needing punishing. What the fuck was I thinking!"
"Don't worry," said Liz, "it was funny, it turned us both on, and I just went down on a woman for the first time. What's wrong with any of that?"
"Wait, that was your first time?"
"Yup, and I loved doing it. This weekend is supposed to be about surprises and that was certainly one."
Sarah gave a mischievous grin "any other 'firsts' you want to clock up?"
"I've never had a threesome" said Liz sheepishly.
"Get out of here. That's practically a human rights violation," exclaimed Sarah. "Adam, think you can go again?"
I nodded, "not sure that I can come, but I'm ready to try." I was certainly hard enough.
Sarah stuck a couple of fingers inside Liz. "That makes two of you, showtime!"
I scrambled across, quickly entering Liz; she gasped as I did. Meanwhile Sarah positioned her pussy on Liz's face, then leaned into me for a deep, tongue-twisting kiss. Liz's first threesome, and a long time since I'd been in one too.
Eventually they both came. I didn't - I was empty - but that didn't matter; I felt good too.
After another rest we headed for the pool to hang out.
Lying on a sun-lounger I studied the other guests, wondering who had arrived together, who had fucked whom. I thought about finding sexual pleasure with somebody else but with your partner's agreement.
We swam across to the bar to join Ha-Yoon and Jung. They had all seen each other around, but this was the first time they had met. Suitably refreshed we returned to the hot tub. We were paired up as before, but now with Sarah sat between Liz and I. Of course, our attention was somewhat divided, but nobody appeared to mind.
Naturally we ate dinner together as well. Sarah entertained us neophytes with stories of her swinging exploits with Doug. At the end of the meal, at Liz's suggestion, we all went back to our room. Suddenly I realised why there were two double beds in all of the rooms.
Ha-Yoon and I made out while Liz and Sarah took Jung to the shower. He looked very happy when they returned. We took our time under the shower; less hurried than the previous evening, more comfortable with each other's bodies, without the urgency it was even more enjoyable.
Back in the room we found Sarah riding Jung, Liz sat on his face. An echo of how they'd been with me a few hours earlier. Ha-Yoon and I gazed at them intently.
"I guess it's the first time you've watched him with another woman."
"Yeah," she groaned. "I know he had sex with Liz last night, but this is so much ...more.
"We talked a lot today and decided that being in the same room was important. That's why we came back with you.
"How do you feel about seeing Liz like that, have you seen her with another guy before?"
"No, but it's not really the same. We're good friends, but not a couple. We haven't made the same kind of commitment that you and Jung have.
"It's actually only our second weekend together."
"Wow, and you're doing this so soon?"
"She wanted me to surprise her. But I didn't expect it to work out like this, to go this far. I thought we'd just be looking at other people, not joining in."
"How do you feel about it?"
"I'm not sure yet, it's a lot to take in. It is kind of weird, but I think it has made us closer. I hope that you and Jung feel the same."
"Thanks, I think we will."
On the other bed Sarah came to a noisy climax. Jung may have done too, but any noise he made was muffled by Liz, still sat on his face.
Ha-Yoon reached for me, "make me scream like that!"
Sunday
Sarah and I woke first. I was in the bathroom, having a pee, when she walked in.
"Good night?"
"Yeah, you?"
"Oh yes, Jung isn't big, but he's got stamina. Did you see him screw Liz as well?"
She replaced me at the toilet.
"I have a favour to ask. Fancy a shower while we talk?"
Under the shower Sarah told me that she liked DP. I asked what that was. She explained that it was having one guy in her vagina and the other in her arse, at the same time.
"It can be a bit difficult to arrange because the guys get kind of 'close' and some seem to think that they'll become instantly gay. Anyway, Doug promised that we could do it this holiday, but he's buggered off, so I want to do it with you and Jung.
"Are you up for that? Can you manage it?"
"Yeah, I guess. I never done it before but this trip has been a whole load of 'firsts' so, why not?"
"That's the spirit!" she exclaimed.
"How do we do this?" I asked.
""He's smaller than you, but if I'm going to have someone up my jacksy I'd rather they know what they're doing. Have you done anal before? Do you know how to get a girl relaxed?"
"'Yes' and 'I think so'."
"You're hired! I want you to lie still while he does the work."
Back in the room the others were stirring.
I used some body lotion to loosen her up.
"Jung, got a job for you," Sarah called. "I want you to fuck me."
I rammed home.
Jung, still half-asleep, looked confused. "Yes, but Adam's ... er ... already doing that. Isn't he?"
"Clever boy, but he's in the backdoor, you get the front."
He still looked puzzled.
Liz understood. "Put a condom on, and stick your penis in her vagina" she commanded.
He did what he was told.
I could feel him through the wall separating Sarah's vagina and arse. Our balls touched; it didn't matter to me. Any qualms that I had were drowned out by the sheer dirtiness of what we were doing.
I felt Jung come, then Sarah; then I did too.
It was another first; another amazing feeling. Liz and Ha-Yoon watched on in awe.
At breakfast Liz announced that she wanted 'some of that' too. Looking back it's crazy to remember that Jung and I looked at each other with weary resignation.
Back in our room we got ready to go again. She decided that Jung would be in her arse, and me in her cunt. I helped him get her relaxed. Soon we were both buried deep inside our assigned holes. The look on Liz's face was incredible.
Jung lay still, it was my turn to thust.
Given our recent exertions it's not surprising that his time it was the woman, Liz, who came first. I came too, but my load was much reduced. I think Jung's was too.
Exhausted, we both turned to Ya-Hoon; she understood the question.
Giggling she shook her head, "No! I'm not ready for that yet, maybe next time."
In the car back to the airport Liz thanked me for a surprise-packed weekend.
"Do you think you can do better next time?"