Author's note: Here's a nice long chapter with a pile of debauched mayhem. There's a whole lot of butt-play as well as the usual incest and a bit of exhibitionism for those who like that kind of jazz. I had a bit of fun trying to write 'casual' sex scenes in this chapter, with participants being somewhat distracted or doing other things while the fun is happening. It took a bit of finessing, but I'm pretty happy with the result. Really appreciate the helpful and nice feedback I've gotten so far - thanks to those people who have sent me messages or left a comment. Hope you like it!
*****
By the time Catherine and I had made it home, rain was pouring from the sky in heavy, fat drops and the wind was whipping the trees to and fro. An epic summer storm had blown up as Catherine and I were driving back from the city and I'd been forced to drive slowly as the cars sharing the road with us slowed to a crawl thanks to the horrendous conditions and minimal visibility. Despite the late hour of our arrival, mom was still awake, sitting at the kitchen table with her laptop open. When she got up to give Cat a hug upon our entrance, I couldn't help but notice the large men's t-shirt she was wearing left the thong she was wearing rather visible.
Mom told Cat her bed was made up for her and my sister quickly said thanks before heading down to the basement to her room, leaving me watching as mom saved the document she had been working on and closed her laptop.
"What's all that stuff?" I asked, trying not to stare at my mom's ass as she stood up turned to pick up her computer.
Mom gave a tired sigh. "Grant applications for library funding I have to submit tomorrow."
"Sounds terrible," I said, giving her a sympathetic smile.
"It's only slightly less interesting than watching paint dry," she said with a hopeless grin. I followed her up the stairs, eyes infallibly drawn to where her thong rode up her asscrack before disappearing under the hem of my dad's old t-shirt. "Thankfully I'm almost finished. Just have to give them a proofread before I go to bed."
We said our goodnights on the landing and I headed into the bathroom to brush my teeth. I was about to head to bed when I figured I'd ask if mom wanted me to go over the grant applications. An extra pair of eyes never hurt when it came to proofreading.
"Hey mom," I said, knocking on the door, "did you want me to read over those grants?"
"Come in, hon," came the reply. Mom was lying on her stomach on the bed, laptop in front of her. The t-shirt she was wearing had ridden up, exposing her ass in all its glory to my eyes as I entered the room. "That's very kind of you to offer."
She rolled over and patted the spot where she had been lying. Closing the door behind me, I hustled over and climbed up next to her. Mom hadn't been kidding about it being dull work, but I plowed through the documents as best I could. Complicating matters was the fact that mom leaned in next to me as I worked - her heavy bosom pressed against my shoulder, her soft scent filled my nose, and I could feel the smooth skin of her leg against mine. Nevertheless, I endured, managing to find a few grammar mistakes and other minor errors despite my cock's best efforts to drain the blood from my brain.
"Thanks, dear," said mom as I reached the end of the final document.
I rolled over onto my back and rubbed my eyes, momentarily forgetting the monumental erection tenting my pants. "No problem, mom."
Once I'd shifted to a kneeling position, mom took my place lying on her belly in front of the screen. She began finalizing the the changes I'd suggested, adding a word or taking a few out here and there. While she worked, my eyes wandered down the luscious, overripe curves of her buttocks to linger on the heavenly crevice into which the string of her thong vanished. Remembering her offer from the other night, I gathered my arousal bolstered courage and spoke; "Uh, do you, um, mind if I rub one out?"
"Of course not, honey," said mom, smiling warmly as she looked over her shoulder at me. "You don't mind if I keep working on this, though, do you?"
I had been hoping for a chance to play with her boobs again and was a little disappointed, but I tried to hide it. "Course not, mom."
Her supernatural maternal instinct was infallible, however, and she picked up on my attempt to sound casual. "Aw, hon, I'm sorry I'm too busy to play," she said, without moving from her prone position. "Tell you what, though; do you know what 'hotdogging' is?"
I nodded vigorously.
"I should have known," she said, smiling ruefully. "The internet teaches everything, doesn't it? Go ahead then, hon."
If they had an olympic event for pants removal, I would have taken the gold. My shorts and boxers were gone in a flash, leaving me kneeling behind my mother, my tumescent dick swollen to gargantuan proportions in anticipation for what was coming next.
"Eager, aren't we?" said mom, eyes twinkling. "This has got to be fast though - I have to get to bed soon."
I couldn't believe my luck. Straddling her shapely legs, I slapped my rigid tool into the heavenly valley of her asscrack and placed my hands on her warm, smooth skin. Practically shivering with pleasure, I mashed the divine globes together, watching with lust-filled eyes as my fingers sank into her butt and her glorious asscheeks wrapped around my needy cock.
"There you go, hon," encouraged mom. "Doesn't that feel nice?"
"Ohhh fuuuck," I moaned as I nestled my engorged shaft in her crack. From somewhere deep inside my lust-fogged head, my brain managed to remind me that swearing in front of mom was usually not a good idea. "Uh, sorry! I mean yes, it's nice!"
Mom gave a throaty chuckle. "It's alright dear. When we're having a little fun like this, it's alright to curse occasionally. Go on, fuck my asscrack."
I smiled sheepishly as I began to flex my hips, pumping my cock slowly into the tight, warm embrace of my mothers buttcrack. "Oh my god, mom, this feels amazing!"
"You can go faster dear," said my mom, "but take off my panties before you go too crazy. I don't want you to make a mess of them."
I squeezed her perfect buttocks hungrily once more before removing my cock from their sweet embrace and then slid back and hooked my fingers under the band of her thong. My eyes gobbled up the visual feast before me as I slowly peeled the scanty article of clothing down her voluminous cheeks, relishing the way the thin string pressed into her ass flesh and caused it to bulge lasciviously. As the skimpy bit of material that covered her asshole and cunt peeled away I had to swallow firmly to stop myself from drooling. Her cunt-lips were slick and a thin strand of fem-lube stretched obscenely between the spandex and her pussy. I could smell her arousal; like some kind of perverse perfume, it set my lust on fire and caused my shaft to thrum with desire.
"Any day now, Alex." Mom's voice cut through the fog of lust in my head. "Some people have to work in the morning."
"Yes, ma'am," I acquiesced, moving to straddle her thighs once more and slapping my swollen cock into her asscrack again.
With feverish intensity, I mashed those bountiful buttcheeks around my dick and pumped my hips vigorously. Mom seemed indifferent to my delirious humping, calmly finishing up her work on the laptop as I used her ass to sate my urgent, depraved needs, but her casual demeanor - her nonchalance as her son groped and obscenely utilized her buttocks - only added to the electrical buzz of pleasure building in my groin. Chewing violently on my lip, I watched as my engorged glans peaked out and then withdrew back into her buttcrack, the the divine pressure of those bountiful globes squeezing a steady river of pre from my aching phallus.
"Gonna cum!" I growled as my balls churned with pleasure.
"That's nice dear," said mom distractedly.
And cum I did. Ropes of the sloppy jism spurted from my rejoicing cock. I kept humping as I ejaculated, squeezing my mom's beautiful ass around my spasming organ and thrusting disjointedly as I shivered with pleasure. Trapped in the tight confines of her anal cleft, my hot seed smeared wetly between her cheeks, oozing out like the stuffing in a debaucherous sandwich until my cockhead poked free again and spurted more jizz up her back in thick white strings.
Unfortunately, all good things must come to an end, even insane orgasms while one's cock is stuffed between one's mother's ass cheeks. With a satisfied sigh, I released my deathgrip on my mom's arse and leaned back on my hands admiring the Jackson Pollack I'd made of her back and the slimy web of my seed that was smeared and hanging in obscene strings between her buttocks.
"All finished back there?" said mom, eyes still fixed to the screen in front of her.
"That was amazing, mom," I panted. "Thanks."
"Glad you had a good time. Now get going. I've got a few more edits to make and then I really must sleep."
Looking at the mess of ejaculate I had sprayed across her ass and back and the glistening wet lips of her pussy, an idea crossed my mind. "Did you, uh, want my to clean you up?" I offered. "I can get a tissue..."
"Aw, thank-you dear," replied my mom, still tapping at the keyboard.
I crawled past her to grab the box of tissues from the nightstand and kneeled beside her cum-splattered back, pulling a few out and commencing the task of wiping up my mess. I began high up her back and worked my way south until I reached the gooey, sloppy shambles I had left between her buttcheeks. With no small pleasure, I pried those juicy globes apart once more and mopped up the sloppy product of my fevered lusts. As I worked over her asshole and scooped up a trickle of jizz that was trying to escape down the side of her pussy, I admired the glistening pink fuck-hole and wallowed in the heady scent it emitted. Before realising that I was doing it, I leaned in and gave her moist pussy lips a lick.
Mom moaned. "Mmm, darling, there's no need for that."
I was about to pull away when my brain decided to be helpful, for once, and pointed out that she wasn't exactly telling me to stop. "Just returning the favour," I said, still prising her cheeks apart with my hands, my mouth mere inches from her enticing snatch. "Is that okay?"
Without waiting for a response, I gave her pussy another salubrious lick, running my tongue the length of the delectable opening. Mom moaned again while spreading her legs a little wider and raising her ass off the bed a few inches. At her implied blessing, I dove in and went to town. At first, I plunged my tongue as deep as I could into her cunt, relishing the sweet-sour flavour. I could hear mom grunt as I probed her depths - a grunt that turned into heavy panting as I began pumping my tongue in and out of her pussy with a steady rhythm. I could feel her erect clit bumping against my lower lip as I worked and, when I shifted my chin down slightly and gave the swollen nub a sucking kiss, mom's pants transformed into short, excited moans and I felt her push her sopping cock-hole back against my mouth. I sucked harder, teasing her buzzing pleasure-button with my tongue, while mom ground her pussy against my face.
"Fuck yes, Alex, fuck yes!" breathed mom, huskily. "Make me cum!"
It did not take much effort on my part - I simply held my ground, letting mom mash her clitty against my tongue until her thighs suddenly clamped around my shoulders and her body went taut and rigid, her asscheeks clenching under my fingers. Glowing with pride at a job well done, I gave her buttocks a hearty squeeze and gave her spent cunny a final smooch.
"Did I do good?" I asked, grinning to myself at the redundancy of the question.
Mom was slumped in front of the laptop, breathing heavily. "You're a good boy, Alex."
"Love you, mom," I said, laughing as I climbed off the bed.
"Love you too, hon."
The storm ended sometime during the night, for the next morning was bright and sunny. Once more, I awoke to an empty house; mom had gone to work and I saw no sign of Catherine. After throwing on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt, I headed downstairs to make some toast and a cup of coffee and moseyed out onto the deck to eat it while checking the news on my phone. The storm had blown a large branch off one of the trees at the back of the property and I made a mental note to grab the saw and chop it up after breakfast. As I sat down to enjoy my breakfast, the sun and the fresh smell of wet grass, I heard the clank of the latch on the side gate. I looked up to see Catherine pushing the wheelbarrow into the backyard, her ponytail bouncing behind her head.
"Hey," she said, giving me a wave as she pushed the barrow over to the branch.
She was wearing a miniscule pair of athletic shorts and a white bikini top.
"Uh, hello?" she repeated.
Realising I was staring at her tits and the way her nipples stretched the fabric of her bikini, I quickly raised my gaze to her face. She met my eyes with a disapproving glare, one eyebrow raised.
"Er. Hey. Sorry," I mumbled. "You look good today."
"I gathered that," came her sardonic reply.
Cat left the wheelbarrow beside the downed branch and ambled up to my place on the deck.
"Tax for staring at your sister's titties is your breakfast," she said, plonking herself down next to me and confiscating my meal and drink.
"Fine," I said, sticking my tongue out at her and getting to my feet. "Seeing as I've already paid the tax..." I blatantly ogled her chest before heading back inside to pour another cup and make more toast.
After we'd eaten I joined Catherine in disassembling the downed tree limb. As we sawed and hacked, the morning grew steadily more hot and humid until it felt like we were working inside a teapot. While she sawed the branch into manageable peices, I used the hatchet she had brought out to hack off the smaller adjoining limbs. Between the two of us, we made short work of the offending detritus, despite the distracting humidity and the fact that my eyes kept being drawn to the tantalizing way beads of sweat would trickle down Cat's neck and breasts to vanish into her cleavage. Her ripe, glistening boobs jiggled temptingly as she handled the saw.
"Damn, it's painful hot out here," said Cat, finally tossing the saw on top of the full wheelbarrow.
"I hate it when it's humid like this," I agreed.
"Good for swimming though," she said, turning on her heel and heading toward the pool. I watched as she reached behind her back to unlace her bikini top, letting it fall to the poolside flagstones before shimmying out of her shorts. The glorious view of her bare butt that she presented to me made it clear she had decided to skip out on underwear that day. "You gonna join me?"
With a silent prayer of thanks for the high fence that surrounded our yard, I practically skipped over to the pool, shucking my clothes as I went. By the time I reached the water's edge, Cat was already in, treading water in the deep end as I pulled down my shorts. Between my legs, my cock was already half hard and stiffening by the second. With a stupid grin plastered to my lips, I let out a whoop and cannonballed into the water.
My cannonball took me to the bottom of the pool and I rose slowly back to the surface, enjoying the cool sensation of the water flowing over and around my body. I surfaced, eyes still closed, to take a deep breath, only to receive a sharp bonk on the head.
"Tag!" announced Catherine, before turning away and swimming quickly towards the far end of the pool.
With an indignant snort of water, I gave chase. It was a pretty one-sided game; Cat was a much better swimmer than I was. Thankfully, once I was finally able to corner her, the game turned into an impromptu wrestling match which subsequently turned into the two of us groping one another shamelessly as we splashed around under the water. Eventually, she pushed me down onto the low bench that ran around the side of the pool, just under the water. By this point, my shaft was fully engorged and hungry for what it knew was coming next.
"Did you, uh, want to head inside?" I asked as Cat moved over my lap.
"Ehhh, fuck it," said Catherine, wrapping her arms around my neck and mashing her wet boobs into my face. I grabbed the nearest hard, wet nipple between my lips and nibbled on it. "Mom's at work, Izzy's at camp and dad's in Europe."
"Thith ith throo," I said, voice muffled by the tit-flesh pressed against my mouth.
"Anyhow, the deal was I get to use this," said Cat, seizing my rigid shaft, "whenever I want."
My witty response was supplanted by a groan of delight as she sank down onto my cock. "Nnnghyes ma'am!"
Cat's heavy tits slid from my face to press against my chest as she began to bob up and down in my lap. I reached down with my hands to cup her round ass, aiding her rising and falling action while hungrily sinking my fingers into her buttocks. The sensation of the wet skin of her breasts mashed against my chest and her cunt stretched around my tool was sublime and I closed my eyes in bliss. Leaning back against the edge of the pool, we fucked languidly for what seemed like an age, the water slapping between us in time with our incestuous humping.
Finally, Cat broke the silence. "Alright, enough of this. I'm in charge here, and I want you to put that delicious slab of fuck-meat to work, bro," she said, climbing off my lap. Blinking owlishly as her words brought me out of my lazy daze, I watched as she climbed out of the pool and laid back on the flagstones with her ass just hanging over the edge. "Go on. Fuck an orgasm out of me."
I shrugged and grinned at her, soaking in the sensual view that was her naked, wet body. I stood up on the submerged bench, splaying my legs so my tumescent member was at the appropriate height, and fed the swollen organ into her cunt. She closed her eyes and let out a small mewl of delight as I seated my dick inside her. My shaft throbbed with pride at the approving sound and I leaned over her while she wrapped her arms around my back and her legs around my waist. Mounting her in that position provided the ideal leverage for a hard fucking and I didn't hold back. In no time at all we were rutting like animals, bodies mashed together as my upper thighs slapped loudly against her upraised ass, the obscene sound mingling with our panting and grunting to create a debauched soundtrack that wouldn't have been out of place in a nature documentary about the mating habits of wild beasts.
"Fuck yes, fuck yes, fuck yes, FUCK YES!" groaned Cat as her orgasm broke upon her like a wave on a beach. Her arms and legs locked around my body and her cunt clamped down furiously on my entombed phallus. I felt her teeth bite into my shoulder and a shudder rippled through her body. "Nnngh! Goddam! That's what I needed!"
"Almost... there..." I growled in response, pushing myself upwards and out of her embrace to look down on her offered body through a red mist of passion.
Still panting heavily, Catherine looked up at me, a fierce grimace on her lips. "Do it, Lex," she hissed. "Fucking pour that cum into me. Fill your sister's pussy with your jizz!"
With an animal roar, I grabbed my sister's heaving titties and squeezed hard, sinking my fingers deep into the jiggling flesh as I frantically pumped my hips. I could feel the orgasm boiling up within me and I pounded her cunt like a man possessed. Cat's eyes stayed locked to my face as she watched me ferociously breed her, urging me on with husky, quiet words of encouragement until I could take it no more. With a mighty thrust, I hilted my shaft inside her and unloaded.
"Ohhh shit!" moaned Cat. "I can feel it!"
My cock throbbed powerfully. Jets of cum blasted into Cat's cunny. I felt her quim clamp down on my spurting dick once again and her eyes rolled back as another shuddering orgasm rolled through her. I threw my head back and groaned and kept on cumming, inseminating my sister's pussy with a truly prodigious amount of sloppy, hot seed, holding her down until I felt like I'd poured a litre of the thick liquid into her.
"What. The. Fuck." Cat sighed. "That was amazing."
I was incapable of speech at that moment. Face still skywards, I opened my eyes and gave a few more weak thrusts. My brow was drenched in sweat. Realizing my hands were still clamped onto her breasts, I released my grip and wiped my forehead with the back of my arm. Then, as my vision swam back into focus, my gaze caught on a small flicker of movement.
The top of a ladder was leaning against the edge of Peter's roof. A roof high enough for anyone on it to easily see into our yard. The ladder shifted from side to side a bit before slowly sliding down and out of sight as someone retracted it.
As my stomach did a nervous somersault, Cat scooted backwards, pulling herself off my softening cock. "Goddam, Lex. I gotta go take a shower."
"Yeah, right," I murmured.
"Ha!" snorted Catherine as she got to her feet, clearly mistaking my mumbling for a post-coital daze instead of the growing feeling of dread it actually was. "I'm so good - I fucked you silly."
Still chuckling to herself, Cat made her way across the deck and headed inside, leaving me standing stunned in the pool. By the time I'd gathered my wits enough to follow her inside, I could hear the shower running in the downstairs bathroom. Hoping that telling her about the ladder wouldn't be a terrible mistake, I knocked on the door.
"Cat?"
"Yeah, come in," she replied.
Cat peeked around the shower curtain as I entered the bathroom. "Look at this!" she flashed me a huge grin and pulled the curtain further back, exposing her cunt to me. Thick, white liquid was steadily oozing from her quim. There was an astounding amount of it and the flow exhibited no signs of letting up. "How much fucking cum did you pump into me?!"
"A lot, I guess," I said, sitting dejectedly on the closed toilet and wondering how I would broach the subject of Peter observing our incestuous tryst.
"What's up with you, Lex?" said Cat. "Why so glum?"
"Um," I swallowed. "I think Peter saw us fucking around. I saw his ladder leaning against his roof. I think he was up there while we were in the pool."
I looked up at Cat, expecting to see shock or worry on her face. Instead, she seemed to be biting back a laugh.
"Aren't you worried?" I asked.
"It's going to be fine," she finally responded. "I'll go, uh, talk with him."
"Really? You don't think he'll freak out?"
"Don't worry, Lex, Peter's cool."
"Well, if you're sure," I said, still unconvinced and feeling worried. I got to my feet and opened the door.
"Not going to join me?"
"It's fine. I'll go use the upstairs one."
"Lex, get in the fucking shower," said Cat, her hands on her hips.
"Fine," I sighed and began to undress. My normally enthusiastic penis hung forlornly between my legs. Getting found out by my neighbour had put a damper on its usually raging libido and even climbing into the shower with my sister's ripe, soapy, nude body was having no effect. With a despondent slump to my shoulders, I stepped into the stall.
"Geez, Lex, I told you not to worry," said Cat, squeezing some soap on a loofah and beginning to scrub me down.
"I can't help it," I mumbled. "I don't want Peter to think I'm a freak or something."
"I promise you he won't," said Cat, reaching down to tenderly soap up my limp phallus. Even in its dejected state, my cock couldn't resist her touch and began to perk up like a dog when their master gets home. "Tell you what - I'll go talk to him after we've showered," she continued, using her free hand to lift mine to her soapy tits while continuing to jerk my dick slowly. "You'll see. He won't care."
Catherine continued to pump my cock languidly while I absentmindedly played with her breasts. Like slippery, wet stress balls, giving her hefty rack a good grope managed to distract me from my worries until the shower had rinsed us both off. Then, with my cock fully engorged and raring to go, she took her hands off me and turned off the faucet.
"Hey!" I protested as she released my turgid shaft stepped out of the shower.
"Sorry bro, gotta go talk to the neighbours," she said with a wicked grin. "Maybe I'll take care of that after.
Cat stepped out of the shower and dried off, handing me the towel while she put her bikini and shorts back on. I quickly dried and redressed as well before following her out the back door. Once we were by the pool she gave me a pointed look, indicating I should wait where I was, and walked around to where our property abutted Peter's. With a combination of curiosity and dread gnawing away at my stomach, I walked over to the fence that separated the two yards, wondering if I'd be able to hear the impending discussion.
I heard the clank of Peter's gate latch as Cat entered his garden.
"Oh hey, Catherine," came Peter's voice.
"Hey yourself, Mr Jessup," replied Cat. "Thought I'd come by and say hello, seeing as I'm back in town for the summer."
"Well, it's good to see you," said Peter. "How's school going?"
"Oh, pretty good," said my sister. "Got a show going up later this summer you should come see."
"Yeah? That'd be nice."
"Content warning: there might be a bit of nudity in it," said Cat. I could hear the saucy smile in her voice. "Don't know if and old fogey like you can handle that."
Peter let out his heavy, deep laugh. "I think I'll be ok."
"I could give you a preview, if you've got a few minutes," continued Catherine.
"I'm retired, Catherine. You know I got the time."
There was a moment of silence, then I heard Catherine moan softly.
"Mmm, still keeping in shape, I see," said Cat.
"Well, been building the deck this summer," said Peter, sounding somewhat distracted. "A man's gotta keep busy."
"What's with the - ahhh, keep doing that - the ladder?" moaned Catherine. "Planning on building a balcony next?"
Peter snorted. "Oh hells no. I was just up on the roof earlier checking if the storm tore up any shingles."
"Mmm, speaking of which, Alex was a little worried you may have been upset by something you might have seen while you were up there," said Catherine, broaching the subject that had caused me such anxiety.
Peter's laugh rumbled out once more. "What, you mean you two fucking like rabbits in the pool?"
There was another long silence. I heard a wet slurp before Catherine spoke again. "Mmm, yeah, something like that. I think he's worried you'll think less of him. Think that's wet enough?"
"Depends on where I'm putting it," said Peter. "You should tell Alex not to worry. If I was your brother I'm not sure I could keep my hands off you either."
"You're certainly not keeping your hands off at the moment," said Cat. "I told him you wouldn't care, but I - here, put it in my ass - I don't think he believed me."
"Oh shit, that's tight," groaned Peter. "So what, you -ungh- want me to - goddam! - talk with him?"
"Fuck, Pete, I thought men's cocks were meant to stop working when they got older. I swear, yours has grown," squealed Cat.
"Ha!" came Peter's retort, "Maybe you're just out of practice. You should come round more. So what about Alex? Don't want that boy avoiding me or something."
"Oh yeah, just like that," my sister's voice was breathy and low, "I dunno, maybe we should ask him to join us?"
"Mmmph- you sure about -mmmph- that?" said Peter, his words interspersed with heavy grunts. I could hear a rhythmic slapping noise emanating through the fence. "I'm fine -mmmph- with it, but I don't want to -mmmph- scar the kid."
"Oh, I think -ah- he'll come -ah- around," Catherine sounded like she was talking through clenched teeth. "Here, move -ah- with me over -ah- to my shorts. -ah- My phone's in -ah- my pocket; let -ah- me give him a call."
Realising what was about to happen, I raced as quietly as I could back to the door and stepped inside just as my cell began to ring. It was a video call. I slid the answer button over and Cat's face filled the small screen. Just behind her I could make out the lower part of Peter's jaw and his bare shoulder. Cat was sweating and biting her lower lip.
"Hey Lex," she said, her visage bucking toward the camera before retreating and then lurching forward again. My cock stiffened like concrete setting.
Trying to sound like I hadn't just overheard the preceding conversation, I answered as casually as possible. "Uh, hey Cat. What's up?"
"-Ah- I'm just over -ah- at Peter's getting -ah- fucked in the -ah- ass and I -ah- realised I still had -ah- another hole to fill. -ah- Care to join -ah- us?"
Behind her, Peter laughed hard. "Jesus. You kids! Come on over Alex," he shouted. "Let's show your sis a good time."
A goofy-ass grin split my face. "Damn, guys," I said, shaking my head in disbelief at the world of debauched sex I had stumbled into this summer, "fine, I'm coming over."
Smiling so hard my face was beginning to ache, I followed my rampantly erect boner across the yard and around to Peter's. The sight that greeted me upon unlatching the gate was majestic; Cat was on all fours in the grass, while Peter's hefty bulk loomed behind her. His barrel chested body dwarfed my sister's smaller form and he turned his head to give me a smile and a wave while still bucking his hips and driving his dick into Cat's asshole.
"Hey kid," he greeted me, "You okay with this?"
"Course he is you old fart," said Catherine from beneath him.
I couldn't help but laugh at the ridiculous situation I was in. "Sorry Mr. Jessup. Catherine can be a bit of an ass."
Peter wiped his brow with the back of his hand and gave another thrust into Catherine's butt. "You're telling me," he said through a grimace of concentration, before gripping my sister's waist and rolling back until he was lying on the grass with Cat on top of him, her back against his chest. "You ever done something like this before, Alex?"
I was slowly peeling off my clothes. I looked over at the debaucherous scene before. "Uh, no."
Now that I'd shed my clothes, I walked around the coupling pair until I was standing near Peter's feet. Cat lifted her legs into the air, exposing her cunt and revealing her cock-stuffed anus. Peter's girthy organ stretched her sphincter mercilessly - I couldn't believe that she was going to be able to take a dick in her cunny at the same time.
The heavy lidded, lusty look she gave me dispelled any doubts, however. "Go on, bro," she urged. "Shove it in my pussy."
"Better do as she says, Alex," said Peter. "A gent doesn't leave a lady waiting."
Planting my feet on either side of Peter's legs, I bent my knees and lined my eager phallus up with my sister's fuck-hole. Her pussy was oozing copious amounts of slimy juices; her cunt-lips were glistening with the obscene fluid. Determined to make the most of my first threesome, I gripped the base of my swollen dick and rubbed the engorged glans against her slick opening, watching hungrily as my pre-cum mixed with her cream, before slowly pushing my tool into her quim.
"Ohhh fuuuck," Cat groaned loudly. Her thighs shook and her ass quivered and I felt her cunt contract around the head of my cock as I pushed it into her. "Shiiit! I'm cu-cummmmiiing!"
I continued to ease my shaft into her convulsing hole, while beneath us Peter's laugh rumbled out once more. "That was easy!" he chortled. "Why don't we see if we can get her going again, Alex?"
"Yessir!" I said, smiling broadly and watching Catherine's face while she rode out the waves of pleasure coursing through her dick-stuffed body. Her eyes were closed and her mouth formed a perfect 'o'. As I gripped her legs behind the knees for support and continued my inexorable forward progress until my cock was fully hilted in her cunt, all the sound she could manage was repeated tiny squeals of delight.
Her pussy felt incredibly tight. I could feel Peter's shaft pushing against mine through the thin flesh separating Cat's pussy and anal passage. Then, he and I started moving and I screwed my face up in concentration to prevent from blowing my load right then and there. At first, our rhythm was off and more than a little clumsy, but the exquisite tightness of her twat and the thoroughly lecherous circumstances - double-penetrating my sister with my neighbour! - almost drove me over the edge right away. I said a silent prayer of thanks that I'd had a chance to cum earlier that day, knowing that I wouldn't have lasted a second had I not.
Eventually, Peter and I found a rhythm and we began to pump our cocks into Cat's stretched orifices with alternating strokes. Sandwiched between us, Catherine was apparently going through an almost religious experience - reaching behind her legs, she gripped my wrists tightly, eyes still closed and mouth agape as we gave her a thorough fucking. Peter and I weren't doing much better; the three of us grunted and panted in the midday heat, just a sweaty pile of sex and lust.
"Goddam," groaned Peter eventually. "I'm gonna cum!"
Even as my sister directed him to fill her ass with his jizz, I could feel his cock pulse below mine, and Catherine shuddered with delight once more. I watched as Peter's calloused, carpenter's fingers reached up and sank into Cat's titflesh, mauling them violently as his hips bucked spasmodically and he packed my sister's butt with his spunk.
"Jesus, that was intense," said Peter, still pumping his hips weakly. He helpfully held Cat in place as I continued to rut her welcoming pussy until his dick had finished hosing warm seed into her anus. After a few more desultory thrusts, he sighed contentedly. "Time for a beer, I think."
"Don't tell me you're gonna make me move!" complained Catherine.
"Yep," announced Peter. "Time to get off me, you crazy kids. No more using Mr. Jessup as a mattress."
I laughed at his statement and pulled my happy schlong out of Cat's grasping cunny to let them get up. Catherine, for her part, huffed irritably as she let Peter roll her to one side and then on to her belly before the big man pulled his freshly spent member from her gaping asshole. As he got to his feet, I watched a trickle of thick, white cum seep from my sister's well-used butthole.
"You guys want a drink too?" Peter asked over his shoulder as he ambled over to the back door, leaving me looking at my prone, fuck-drunk sister.
Flat on her belly in the grass, Cat's response was a somewhat muffled 'Sure'.
"Yes, please," I added, gaze still locked to my sister's cum-drooling sphincter and plotting my next move.
Clearly too well fucked to take the lead herself, I stepped up to the plate and knelt between her spread legs. With one hand splayed on the lawn beside her head, for stability, I gripped my bloated phallus and rubbed it against the stretched opening to her arse. I was not going to let this opportunity pass me by. Until actually presented with the opportunity, I'd always thought I'd be squicked out by going sloppy seconds, but for some reason it didn't bother me at all. In fact, the thought of pouring even more of the sticky white stuff into Cat's ass was lighting a fire in my loins and I groaned in delight as I pushed my ravenous cock into her spread butthole.
"Fucking hell," moaned Cat as I seated the beast in her butt.
"Hey, you started this," I quipped, amazed with how easy it was to sheath my tumescent member in her cum-lubed asshole.
Lying atop her, my ankles hooked over her calves, I began to sodomize my sister's ass with steady, rhythmical thrusts - each one producing a lecherous, wet squelch as my pistoning shaft squeezed out the jizz deposited by the previous occupant of Cat's anal passage. By the time Peter rejoined us, Catherine had picked herself up onto her hands and knees and was pushing back against my fevered thrusts and the yard echoed with the meaty slap of my pelvis against her ample buttocks.
Peter put our beers down on the low table in front of his deck chairs before taking a seat, putting his feet up and cracking a brew open for himself. I was oblivious to the audience, wholly absorbed in the task of rogering my sister's asshole like it was my job. She was on all fours and I was bent over her, my hands beside hers in the grass, humping like a horny dog. I could feel her sweaty skin rubbing against my chest and the soft cushion of her buttocks jiggling with each of my urgent thrusts. My balls swung and clapped against her empty pussy as I sodomized her buttery anal passage. Finally, the exquisite sensation of her jizz-slick anus sliding up and down the length of my veiny shaft got the better of me. I grunted incoherently and slammed my cock deep into her, hunching over her sweaty back and bucking my hips sporadically as I poured my seed into her hot, clenching depths.
"Fuuuck!" I bellowed, wrapping my arms tightly around her, her sweat glazed titties squished under the rough embrace. Cat's sphincter clenched and squeezed my spasming shaft as I basted her back passage with my ejaculate, almost as if she was milking the cum from me. The sensation was sublime.
Once the spurting cum-hose that was my dick had finally calmed down, I collapsed backwards onto the grass, my cock popping free of Catherine's butthole, chased by a river of sloppy seed. Cat gave a contented sigh and slumped forward, ass raised. We lay there panting, my cock slowly deflating and Cat's asshole slowly returning to its normal dimensions.
My mind reeled. I had just double-teamed my sister with my neighbour and filled her ass with cum - but that wasn't the part that had me stunned. No, it was fact that I was absolutely fine with it all that had me feeling surprised. The comfortable, easy manner with which everyone seemed to be treating these debauched encounters made it all seem normal, even healthy.
Shaking my head at my bizarre life, I let the call of a cold beer compel me to my feet. I plodded over to the deck chairs and sat down next to Peter, who handed me a bottle. Cat mirrored my movements, cum still seeping from her ass, and sat down next to us.
"Hey! You're gonna get cum on my seat!" objected Peter with a grin and handing Catherine a drink.
"Deal with it. You made the mess," retorted Cat, sticking out her tongue and opening the offered beer.
We sat on the deck and finished out beers, chatting idly as we did so. Peter filled the time with stories of his service in the air force - endlessly entertaining tales that usually involved young officers getting into ridiculous situations. No-one seemed in a hurry to put their clothes back on, so I didn't press the point. To be honest, I was enjoying hanging out in the buff with my sister and even after having cum twice already that day, I found my eyes drifting back to her bare body. She was slouched in the chair next to me, legs spread, not making any attempt to conceal herself. My cock stirred weakly between my legs. It had been thoroughly abused already, but the infernal thing was like a boxer who couldn't tell when he was beat. Feeling strangely liberated, I casually reached over and groped one of Cat's boobs.
With the beers empty, Peter got to his feet, paying no heed to my manhandling of Catherine's titties. "You guys want some burgers?" he asked, "I'll fire up the grill."
"Sounds great," said Cat, also unperturbed by my blatant boob exploration. "And another beer?" she added, looking at Peter and smiling sweetly. As she spoke, she idly moved her hand to my crotch and wrapped her fingers around my stiffening shaft.
"Sure thing," said Peter, turning to the nearby barbeque and sparking it to life before heading into the house.
Cat put her feet up on the table in front of us and spread her legs slightly. Cluing in to her intentions, I moved my hand from her tit down to her clit and began gently massaging her. She continued to jerk my dick steadily as I went to work on her cunt and by the time Peter came back out onto the deck my cock was straining with desire. Peter checked the temperature on the grill and placed the tray of burgers, buns and condiments next to the warming barbeque before moving over to his chair and depositing a sixer of cans on the table and taking a seat.
Unfazed by the wantonly incestuous display happening to his left, he launched into another story. "Did I ever tell you about the time we rebuilt a Volkswagen Beetle in our CO's office?"
Cat laughed, releasing my swollen shaft and getting to her feet. "What?"
"I've heard this one," I chuckled. "It's a good one."
"Well, we were training on base and a bunch of us pitched in to buy an old Beetle," began the big man. As he spoke, Cat moved in front of me, spreading her legs on either side of my knees. I could still see my and Peter's combined seed smeared between her cheeks, around her wrinkled anus. I revelled in the casual way we were getting ready to fuck right in front of our neighbour and my erection stood tall and proud.
"So we got this old car to share so we could make trips into town when we had some R&R," continued Peter, unfazed as Catherine mounted her brother right next to him. "Old thing was a real piece of crap though. Must have been the oldest Beetle in Germany. Probably built by the Nazis."
Catherine sat down and I sighed in pleasure as I felt Catherine's wet heat engulf my ravening member. "No shit," said Cat easily as her asshole devoured my cock. "So what happened?"
Peter got up and pulled three beers from the plastic loops that held them. He cracked two open for us and handed them over as Catherine began gyrating her hips on my lap. Opening one for himself, he walked over to the barbeque and began laying burgers on the hot grill.
"So the old beast didn't last a week before it stopped working," he said as he closed the lid of the barbeque and turned to face us, sipping on his lager. "We tried fixing it, but nothing worked and we were all ready to give up on it, figuring we'd wasted our dough, but this guy, Eddie, says he has a plan."
Cat interrupted him. "You want a quick blowjob?" she offered. "While the burgers cook?"
"Thanks sweetie, but this old man needs a breather," said Peter. "You kids go ahead though. Anyhow, where was I?"
"Eddie had a plan," I supplied helpfully, reaching around Cat's ribs to grab a heavy boob and give it a squeeze as she bounced gently on my entombed fuckstick.
"Right, so Eddie has this plan and tells us to push the car into the mechanic's hangar. Now, the CO had some leave coming up and heads into Bonn for a weekend. It took us a day to take apart the whole thing and another day to move it piece by piece and reassemble it in his office," continued Peter while he opened the grill and flipped the burgers over. At this point, Cat stood up and sauntered over to the railing beside the barbeque, leaning her elbows on it and beckoning me over with a shake of her head after taking another sip of her beer. With a shrug, I walked over to her, my beer in one hand, cum-coated cock leading the way. Thoroughly enjoying this casual, exhibitionist fuck, I parked my shaft back in her offered asshole.
Peter glanced over at us. "You guys want cheese on your burgers?"
"Sounds perfect," I said, beginning to pump my hips. "Thanks."
"Not for me, thanks" said Cat as I made use of her ass.
Peter returned to his leisurely slouch against the railing beside us as we fucked. "So we've got the old beater rebuilt inside the office, but here's the kicker; before we leave, Eddie decides to turn it on."
"It worked, didn't it?" Cat asked, her tits and asscheeks jiggling and shaking under the slapping impact of my thrusts.
"Yep. Engine fired up like it was brand new. We couldn't believe it. But the chief's getting back that evening so there's nothing we could do and we all went back to barracks. Anyway, that night we're all lights out and trying to sleep when suddenly the door blasts open and in comes the boss, face a crazy shade of purple," said Peter, opening up the barbeque to slap some cheese on two of the sizzling burgers. "You guys'll want to finish up there - food's almost ready."
Needing no further urging, I took a sip of my beer and placed it on the railing. With both hands now free, I took a firm grip of my sister's ass and went to town, pounding her fast and hard. Raising his voice slightly to be heard over the frantic smacking sound of my skin slapping against Cat's buttcheeks, Peter continued his tale.
"Now of course nobody said anything when the CO goes into conniptions trying to get us to tell him who did it. We all thought he was going have a heart attack, to be honest, but we keep our mouths shut. So the whole unit gets all leave revoked and no passes for a month. Totally worth it, though," said Peter, chuckling a little as he spoke and idly watching me vigorously mating with my sister. "But here's the best part - almost a year later I'm at this function that some local airforce types are having. The boss is there too, and when I'm heading over to the bar, I hear him chatting with his local opposite number. They're both laughing their asses off and I can just hear him say 'the little shits put a damn car in my office, no idea how they did it' like he's a proud father."
"Ha!" snorted Cat. "Sounds -uh- like -uh- he -uh- was -uh- a -uh- good -uh- guy -uh- after -uh- all."
I was too busy to comment, plundering my sister's butt with deep, fast thrusts. I could feel my balls churning with cum as they slapped against her. Sighing with pleasure, I came, gripping her asscheeks tightly and splattering my jism into her welcoming bum. Feeling incredibly sated, I gave her gorgeous round ass a friendly slap and pulled out. A small stream of my seed oozed scandalously from her sphincter to drip onto the deck.
"Yep," said Peter, scooping the burgers up and depositing them on a plate. "Best CO I ever had. You guys ready to eat?"
"I'm starving," I said, casting an admiring look at my sister's cum-smeared asshole.
After we had eaten, Pete asked if I would help him finish the railings on the deck. Cat excused herself, saying she had some errands to run and a gallon of jizz to push out of her ass, leaving me and him to retrieve his tools from the garage and get to work. As the afternoon wound down, we'd managed to accomplish a significant amount of work and I was feeling beat. Another dip in the pool seemed like a fantastic idea. We said our goodbyes and I ambled back home. Feeling a bit brash, I decided not to bother with retrieving my swimming trunks and simply stripped off and slipped into the cool water. I drifted blissfully for a while before climbing out and lying back on a lounger to let the last rays of the sun dry me off.
The day's activities must have worn me out more than I thought and I was awoken from a nap I didn't even realise I'd taken by my mom's voice. "I brought back some sushi, if you're hungry," she said. I blinked my eyes open to see her bent over next to me, clipping a couple of damaged branches off one of the rose bushes that lined the flower bed next to the pool. "It's in the fridge."
"Er, sorry!" I yelped, sitting up and trying to cover myself with my hands. "I must have fallen asleep!"
Mom chuckled. "Don't worry about it, hon," she soothed. "As long as you're not scandalizing the neighbours, I don't care what you're wearing. Where's Catherine?"
Thinking sheepishly of the day's earlier, scandalous activities, I grinned to myself. "She said she had some stuff to do," I explained. "She took dad's car. You get those grant applications off?"
"Yes, thanks," replied mom, giving the rosebush a few more snips with her pruning shears. "Come on, let's eat."
Cat got home just as mom and I were cleaning up the remnants of our dinner. After such a busy dayI was feeling rather worn out and left her and mom chatting at the kitchen table while I luxuriated under a warm shower. Cleansing complete, I plonked down on my bed and grabbed the novel I was reading from my bedside table, absorbing myself in it until I drifted off into a contented slumber.
*****
The insistent beeping of my phone awoke me the next morning, letting me know I had a message waiting. I stretched lazily under the duvet before rolling out of bed and picking up the chirping device - there was a message waiting from Mia offering me lunch in exchange for a bit more 'help'. I looked out the window at the bright, sunny day and smiled, thinking about how much of a lucky bastard I was. As I basked in my good fortune, I noticed the driveway was empty - Cat must have borrowed the beemer and I had no idea when she'd be back that day.
-Sorry Mrs. B,- I texted back, my smile fading. -No car today.-
I was pouring myself a cup of coffee when her response arrived. -I can come pick you up.-
By the time her car pulled into the driveway a half hour later, I was grinning once more, anticipating the fun that awaited me. As I walked down the front path, Mia stepped out of the blue station-wagon and dazzled me with her warm smile. She was wearing a short, violet sundress that clung tantalizingly to her toned curves and had her hair back in a ponytail. The woman looked stunning.
"Hi Mrs Bragg!" I greeted her. Under my shorts, my ever-hungry dick throbbed its own greeting, thickening in anticipation.
"Hey yourself, Alex," she replied, giving me a quick hug. I could feel her large, firm breasts press against my chest and my nose filled with the spicy scent of her perfume. Down below, my shaft grew heavy and hard and began to push against the inside of my shorts zipper. I wondered if it had been a good idea to skip out on wearing boxers.
"You feel like driving?" she asked as we broke off our hug. "This damn buttplug makes it a bit tricky to concentrate on the road."
At her forthright language, my cock sprung to full attention. Despite my concern the effect my rampant erection would have on my own driving, I said I would drive and got behind the wheel while Mia climbed in the passenger seat.
"So, to your place?" I asked once she was seated.
"Not yet, hon," she responded. "Got a couple of stops to make first. Can you head over to the garden centre on the northside of town?"
"Right-o," I said, reversing out of the drive.
Mia and I chatted easily as I drove us through town. We were both watching a fantasy television series that was currently very popular. I had read the books the series was based on, while she had not, and she happily grilled me on theories and plot details while we drove. As keen as I was to nerd out about the show, Mia's delicate scent and the way she would squirm occasionally in her seat (reminding me of the large sex-toy nestled in her ass) kept my excited prick rock-hard and straining at my shorts and I had to struggle to keep focused on the road.
"You alright?" asked Mia, noticing my distracted response to one of her questions about a minor character.
"Uh, yeah, doing great," I mumbled, trying to keep my eyes on the road instead of the interesting things the seatbelt was doing to the front of her sundress.
"Hmmm," she sighed, "I can see something else is doing just fine as well."
It took a lot of willpower to prevent my foot from stamping on the gas pedal when I felt her hand on my thigh, her fingers tracing the outline of my swollen shaft under the material of my shorts. "Oh damn," I groaned. "Are you trying to make me crash?"
"Oh, I'm sorry Alex," she said, her voice dripping false innocence. "Did you want me to take my hand away?"
"I, uh, no."
Mia laughed wickedly and continued stroking my thigh while launching into another theory about the show she had read online. I bit my lip hard and clenched the steering wheel as my cock throbbed blissfully under her caresses. Somehow, I managed to get us to the store in one piece.
The parking lot was all but empty. Apparently not many people visited the garden centre on a friday morning. I pulled into a spot near the entrance and let out a heavy sigh as I pulled up the parking brake.
"Did you, uh, want me to wait here?" I asked, thinking about the pants-tearing state of my boner.
"Don't be silly," said Mia, opening her door and getting out of the vehicle. "Come on."
Thankfully, the cashier didn't even look up as we walked into the warehouse-sized establishment. Nevertheless, I followed Mia closely, trying to use her as a shield for my embarrassingly prominent pants-tent. Mia chuckled at the way I was tailing her, clearly seeing through my attempt at subtlety, and led me through the largely deserted store until we were in a section of tall shelves lined with all sorts of different guttering options. She pulled a small sheet of paper with some dimensions written on it from her handbag and began scanning the available products.
Standing behind her, I let my gaze rove her lush form, hungrily taking in the round curve of her buttocks and the gentle slope of her waist. Having been kept on edge for the entirety of the drive, my cock decided to mutiny against the last remnants of control my brain was exerting over my body and, before I knew what I was doing, I felt the warm, heavy sensation of Mrs Bragg's ass in my hand. I squeezed the ample, firm flesh, digging my fingers into it and feeling the hard base of her buttplug against my pinky fingertip as I probed it into her buttcrack.
"Well, hello," murmured Mia, looking over her shoulder at me as I wantonly groped her buttocks.
Unfazed by my lecherous conduct, the dark skinned beauty turned back to her perusal of the shelves. When she stretched herself up on tiptoes to look at a higher placed item, I gave a quick glance around to confirm our privacy and then reached around her with my other hand to seize her left tit. Squeezing it with the same lusty intensity with which I was manhandling her ass, I marvelled at the ripe weight of her breast and the diamond hard state of the nipple that capped it. She wasn't wearing a bra and the lack of protective undergarments granted me the opportunity to tease and tweak the hard nub easily through the thin cloth of her dress.
"Mmm, you're making me quite wet, Alex," breathed Mia as I mauled her ass and tits. I heard a rustle as she slid the paper back into her hanging handbag and felt her hand fumble against my fly until she found her objective and unzipped my shorts. At any moment, another customer or salesperson could have walked into our aisle, but, as her fingers wrapped around my shaft and pulled it out of my shorts, I couldn't give a damn.
"Just a quick taste, okay?" said Mia, looking over her shoulder at me, eyelids heavy with lust. I felt her release my engorged phallus and hike her skirt up under my groping hand. I looked down to see she was wearing a tiny black thong and watched as she slid the thin string that ran along her asscrack to one side. Her large anal plug was sandwiched obscenely between her round, brown buttcheeks. "Go on, stuff it in my pussy."
I grunted my acquiescence, releasing her tit to grab my swollen tool and feed it into her cunt. She was soaking wet. Her pussy lips were slick and slippery against my tumescent cockhead and I slid into her velvety, warm depths easily. With my needy fuck-stick now properly seated in her twat, I moved my hands back to her bountiful titties and resumed my debased groping as I began to steadily pump my hips. I tried to be cool, to maintain control, but, overcome with a burning desire to rut, I couldn't stop myself from gripping her heaving breasts roughly and pulling her back until the smooth, dark skin of her buttocks pressed against me. I could feel the bulk of her buttplug pressing against my engorged dick as I shunted it up into her welcoming twat. The sensation was incredible. The danger of being discovered sent a thrill through me and my cock pulsed with pleasure.
Mia must have felt my building excitement, for she only let me give her a few lusty thrusts before she pulled herself slowly off my entombed cock. "Sorry babe, no cumming yet," she explained. "We've still got a couple more errands to run."
"Awww," I groaned as my dick was exposed to the cool air conditioning.
Mia slid her thong back into place and shimmied her dress down over her hips once more. "Awww, poor Alex," she said, giving me a smile. "Don't worry kiddo, I think you'll like where we're going next."
With that, she pointed at a shelf full of gutter extensions. "You think you can carry six of those up to the front for me?"