Freshly showered after an early morning run on the beach Nick Benson prepared to hit the book. He knew Willa was downstairs with baby Grace fixing breakfast. Before locking himself in his office Nick decided it was time to wake the troublemaker.
Pounding on Jesse's door he waited until his son creaked open his door in his underwear. Squinting at his dad Nick shook his head.
"You have three hours out of your bedroom. There's a list of things I pinned to the refrigerator for you get done in that time. There's room between chores you can call yourself. Be nice today I'll give you an extra hour tomorrow. Treat Willa with respect and play with your sister. She barely knows you due to school."
"Right. Play with Willa. Respect my sister." He catches his mistake and looks at his dad with a pale expression.
Nick shakes his head trying not to smile, "Shower and wake up. You don't even hear your own thoughts. Your three hours start when you leave your room."
Jesse swiftly shuts his door and plants his back on the wall beside it. He nearly ruined his freedom. After a deep breath and a slap to his forehead he hits the shower.
Fifteen minutes later he dressed in a black t-shirt and grey cargo pants. Cologne sprayed on he felt ready to confront Willa.
Hurrying downstairs he finds Willa wearing a blue mini dress with tiny white flowers on it. The cleavage was low and unbuttoned once. The hemline of her dress hid very little. Possibly two inches below her privacy parts.
Her sun reddened hair perfectly flowed over her shoulders in waves. Flip flops finished her attire.
At the dining table played baby Grace in her high chair. It was obvious Willa had just fed Grace and was cleaning up.
"What's for breakfast?" He perks up.
"Try the Fruit Loops in the cabinet. I hear they're to die for." She shyly answered.
He didn't know what to say about the monitor duty last night. He wanted to talk about it but he could tell she was avoiding him slightly.
"Nice dress. You look pretty." He swallows.
"Thank you. Did you sleep well Prince Charming?" She wiped Grace's high chair top with a damp dish rag.
He chuckles rubbing the back of his neck, "I did after..."
She holds a finger to her lips encouraging him not to speak of last night.
Nodding he fidgets, "How about you Sleeping Beauty?"
Warmly smiling she looks at the floor, "Like a baby."
He smirks, "I bet. So what do you have planned today?"
"Cleaning house. I need to vacuum, dust, change bedding, bathrooms. Whatever else I feel I might need to do."
"How do you find time when watching my sister?"
"She plays in her pen. Dumbo keeps her company. She doses off easily."
"K! Dad has a list I need to do. Maybe part of it will help you out."
"I read the list. You get the garbage, windows, and reading Grace a story."
He laughs, "Story? Can she even understand what I read?"
"You show her pictures Dope. The story is understood with expression. She kinda gets it. Try the book, "The Curious Monkey". She likes that one."
"Okay. I guess I better get busy. Talk later?"
"Sure. Just keep it clean." A stern expression led to a smirk.
He rolls his eyes and sets about taking the garbage out to the front gate. Afterwards he hears Willa start up the vacuuming. She had taken Grace upstairs to play. Returning downstairs she began in the back living room.
Jesse grabbed a roll of paper towels and some window cleaner. He chose windows that allowed him a view of Willa. She tried not to let him notice she knew he was following her. Well aware of course.
He worked from the outside looking in.
Willa toyed with him by bending over and messing with the vacuum. Each time she did her mini dress revealed her bare ass. Underwear had again been forsaken.
Jesse's mind was reeling at the sight of her tanned cheeks. After several teases Willa finished the room and walked over to the bearskin rug in front of the fireplace. Feigning not knowing he was watching she sprawls out on the rug on her tummy. She kicked her legs back and forth.
Jesse quickly ran inside and snuck up on her in the room. She truly hadn't heard or seen him. She thought he was still outside. Instead he sat on the sofa quietly behind her observing her leg curls. He caught gentle glimpses of her pussy but nothing clear.
Finally, she decided to get up and return to her cleaning. Turning around she jumps seeing Jesse on the sofa.
"Shit! I thought you were outside. Quit sneaking up on me."
"It's my house. I can do whatever I want. You have a nice ass."
"Quit looking up my skirt, Perv."
"Quit letting me. Come on, why would you lay on that rug knowing I was looking? Without underwear even."
"I didn't know. Ever since I've been here I've wondered what the fuss was always about concerning bear skin rugs. Nothing special really."
"I've always heard they're more comfortable when you lay on your back."
She frowns, "Really?"
"Try it." He motions with a curious look.
"Why? So you can look up my dress again?" She rolls her eyes.
"Turn the other way then."
She looks down at the rug then decides to carefully sit down with her head toward Jesse. Stretching out she lays back and glares behind her at Jesse who admired her bulging cleavage. She lifts her knees spreading her legs knowing he couldn't see her pussy which was perfectly revealed out of his vision.
"You're right Jesse. It's much more comfortable on your back." She sticks her tongue out at him just in time for him to sneakily raise his cell phone up and snap a photo of her.
"HEY! You sneak. Erase that picture."
"No way. Mine all mine."
He jumps up and tries to race around and see her opened legs but she quickly closes them. Her hand holds her skirt down as she sits up.
"Oh no. You're not taking pics like that. You need to put that cell away."
He snaps a picture of her sitting there looking up at him.
"Beautiful eyes." He grins.
"Yeah, yeah. Don't you have windows and kids books to read?"
"Don't you have more chores to do?"
"I have all day. You have two hours at best. So stop taking pictures of me. My Mother's the fashion model not me."
"I'm going to make a poster out of the first pic and put it on my bedroom wall."
"I'm sure your parents will love that."
"Think I care?"
She starts to stand up when he playfully throws her off balance. With a squeal she fell back on the rug and lost control over her skirt. He was ready with his camera and caught her legs wide. It was so fast the pic was blurry though.
"Dammit Jesse. That was uncalled for."
She sits up again and this time crawls to put her knees under her. He allows her to get up and chase him to get his cell. They bust up in laughter until she rushes him and shoves him on to the sofa while trying to succeed in capturing his cell from his grasp. His hand avoids her every attempt at capture.
Wrestling awkwardly she straddles his lap trying to pin him down. He loved her chest so close to his face. Still he blushed and evaded her grasp of his cell. In a swift move Jesse sneaks his hand behind her and lifts her skirt with his opposite hand at the same time. She see's a flash from behind and drops her jaw.
"JESSE BENSON! Stop, already."
She slaps his chest and attempts to crawl off of him but he drags her forward. Losing balance her chest collides with his face. Smothered she hears his muffled, "Hell yeah!"
As she shoves herself off using the couch back she fails to notice his teeth had clenched at her buttons. There were only four buttons total but three of them unclasped revealing more of her cleavage. In her shock he sneaks his arm around and takes another picture.
"I despise you. Give me that cell you Demon." They wrestle harder as he laughs. She hisses.
"Wait up." Jesse stops her, "I'll make you a deal."
"Deal? Why should I? What part of respect me didn't you hear last night?"
"Your moaning was still ringing in my ears. I didn't hear that part." He chuckles.
Finally, she crawls off of him to stand in front of his open legs. She crosses her arms and stares coldly at him.
"Erase the pictures." Her glare bordered on anger.
"Make me a deal."
"What kind of deal?"
"I'll erase the pictures if you pose for just one."
"Seriously?"
"Yes. Lay on your stomach on the rug. Smile up at me. I'll erase the dirty pictures. Just look beautiful."
"Swear?" She squints with doubt in his sincerity.
"Swear!"
She hesitates then steps over to the rug and kneels down on it carefully.
"I'll face toward the head. Come around here before I do." He motions.
He gets up and walks to the bears jaws. He then awaits her to stretch out on her belly facing him.
"Good enough?" She folds her fingers together on the bear head and looks up at him with her stunning eyes. He melts. She tries not too.
"At least offer me something sexy. Pose I mean."
Rolling her eyes she scoots up on her knees and raises her ass in the air, "How's that?"
"Perfect." He raises the camera and starts to take the picture then stops, "Hold on there's a big ugly clump of rug on your skirt."
He bends over her and feigns picking at hair then swiftly lifts her skirt up to see her bare bottom up close. She tries to move but he leaps over her arms to straddle her back, sitting over her shoulders and arms. He laughs lifting her skirt clear up to her waist. Snapping three pictures including one at arms length facing between her legs before he was done. One of which captured his face, tongue flicking toward her bare ass.
"Get the fuck off of me Jesse. NOW!" She bellows.
"Okay. Okay." He carefully crawls over her and lets her pull her skirt down.
"Let me help you up. I'll erase the pictures. All of them."
She helps herself up as he hands her the cell.
Claiming it she looks at each picture shaking her head. The photo of he hovering over her ass, tongue extended makes her giggle. With a groan she deletes them before handing it back. Without a word she walks away and restarts the vacuum cleaner.
He felt badly all of a sudden.
Finally, he walks over to the outlet and unplugs the vacuum cleaner. Lifeless she glares back at him without a word. Looks could kill.
"I'm sorry. I was just having fun. You looked like you were too. Guess I was wrong."
She puckers with a gruesome expression, "Having fun and going too far are two different things."
"What you did last night just made me feel like you liked me. Teasing me like you did. Why did you do that?" He awaits.
"I was horny. Yes, I love teasing. You're cute Jesse. But, I refuse to go too far. I adore your family and I like my paychecks. We need to agree that teasing is not you seeing me naked every time we're around each other. Definitely not sex."
"I want you to tease me. Tease harder even. Please don't stop." His eyes plead.
She notes his begging eyes. Shaking her head she points at him.
"No more sneak attacks. I'll tease you when you least expect it. But, no touching."
"Okay. I'm really sorry."
She takes his cell from his hand and moves behind him. Hugging him from behind she reaches around and takes a selfie of the two of them cheek to cheek. Her chin on his shoulder.
"There. Friends."
She then plugs the vacuum back in and finishes the room. Jesse went back to his window cleaning.
At the far end of the room were the French doors leading to the deck. Jesse was on the outside cleaning when Willa stepped to the glass facing him. She stuck her tongue out at him as she unbuttons her cleavage yet again then crushed her bare tits against the glass. He marveled at them from the outside. His hand touched the glass over them laughing. She avoided eye contact by looking at her nails.
Joking he pressed his own chest on the glass and she giggled acting like she was palming his pectorals. Finally, she walked away buttoning back up.
For the next hour she went from room to room. Moving upstairs she began vacuuming the hallway. Finally, Nick stepped from his office stretching.
Shutting the vacuum off she smiles at him, "Did I disturb you with the vacuum?"
"Not at all. You have a job to do. Is Jesse behaving?"
"No." She giggles, "It's okay though. I'm managing. This is going to prove harder than it looks Nick. Your son is full of mischief."
"If it gets to be more than you can handle let me know."
"I can handle anything. I just don't want you mad at me. Teasing is fun but he's thinking there's more to it. He's wanting to touch. A lot."
"Minimally at best."
"Meaning?"
"Wandering hugs. He can give you a back rub, clothing on. Simple things."
"So no nudity at all?"
Nick frowns, "My boy has only been 18 for a month. Keep it simple. If he sees you naked make sure you don't act like you see him. No confrontations."
"Yes Sir." She fidgets.
"Is he doing his chores?"
"Windows and garbage. The story time might not get done."
"That can be done tomorrow."
Nodding she options to ask, "I'm going to change the bedding. Do I have permission to enter your bedroom?"
"Yes. Thank you for asking."
He then moves on to check on the slumbering Grace.
Returning to her cleaning she finishes the hall and her own bedroom. She hears Jesse at the base of the stairs and decides to swiftly strips her dress off in favor of a paper thin white tank top. She pulls it over her head as she hears footsteps on the stairs. Bottomless she takes her time admiring her nipples stabbing through the tank top in a closet mirror. She then sifted through her dresser to find a pair of white shorts. Very short shorts. Very tight shorts. As she placed her legs into them and began pulling them up Jesse ducked his head in the door. He caught her mid butt crack and bugged his eyes out.
Turning Willa acts stunned, "Hey, warn a girl."
His eyes note her stabbing nipples, "Sorry. I'm done with the downstairs windows. Starting up here now. I can see your nipples."
"You wanted teased. I'm teasing. Let's just hope your Dad doesn't object if he see's me."
Jesse rolls his eyes, "My dad's a horn dog. He writes porn for a living. Why would he object?"
"YOU! That's why. Go wash windows. I'm going to vacuum your room and change your bedding. I bet you left a mess last night." She giggles.
He grins showing teeth, "You bet."
Waving him out she moves to his room and vacuum's around his things as best she could. Placing the vacuum in the hall she stops to go back into Jesse's room and strip his sheets. Wadding them up she lays them in the hall to take downstairs to launder. She then goes to a linen closet and finds bed sheets to replace the old ones. As she set about making his bed she noticed a webcam on his desk attached to a computer. She clicks the mouse and sets up the camera to take a picture. Poising it perfectly at his bed she sets a timer and guesses at the center of focus.
A dive into his bed she lay there curled up and cozy. The pic captured her with a loving glint in her eye. Almost a pout.
Jumping out to look at it she was happy enough. She reset the timer and jumped back on the bed. This time she sat up with her arms spread out along the headboard. Tits perked high with the arch of her back the photo snapped.
Examining the photo she wasn't happy and erased it. She then set the timer again for a third try. Back in bed she pulled her tanks straps down over her shoulders and revealed loads of cleavage. Forced to beat the timer she looked sexy and let it snap.
She bit her lower lip at the results. Happy enough she made the photo his desk top picture. Deciding she had better evacuate she shuts the computer off and finishes making his bed.
Abandoning the room she walked toward Nick and Claire's bedroom. Entering it for the first time she looked around. Not wanting to snoop any harder she removed his bedding and carried it back to the other pile in the hall. Returning with new sheets she makes Nick's king sized bed. She refused to crawl into it. Respecting Nick and Claire's space.
She starts to leave when she feels an odd draft of cool air at the base of the bed frame. The wooden frame touched the carpet. Confused where the air flow was coming from she shrugs. Noting the vents along the wall it couldn't be from there.
"Weird." She pays it no more mind.
Before she departs Jesse pops through the door. As she faces him she gets a cold chill, looking back toward the bed.
"Nipples are getting harder. Can I pinch them?"
"Noooooo! Back off. I just felt cool air from somewhere. It's not the air conditioning vent."
Jesse smirks, "It's the secret place."
"Secret place?"
"I can't talk about it."
"You're weird. Let me through. Can you put the vacuum away for me while I carry the dirty linen down to the laundry room?"
"Yeah." He watches her wiggle away biting his knuckle. He knew she wiggled extra hard for him. Her smirk agreed with him even if it was hidden.
Gathering up the bedding she carefully moves downstairs. Through the house she reaches the laundry room at what she thought was directly under Nick's room. Squinting as she places the linen in a basket she measures in her mind the distance. Not adding up she raps the plaster wall with her knuckle. It sounded hollow.
"Holy shit. There must be a hidden room under Nick and Claire's bedroom."
Walking around the adjacent area she realizes, "There's no door in there. What the hell?"
Jesse joins her in the laundry, "Don't let Dad know you figured it out. Trust me."
She shivers, "Please tell me he's not a serial killer."
"Nope. I'll tell you but it's our secret. Dad doesn't even know I know."
"What?"
"It's Mom and Dad's dungeon. Whips and chains kind of crap. The only way in is under their bed. Secret elevator lowers the mattress. Big room. Dark and damp."
"You're full of it." She grimaces.
"I'll show you when Dad's gone. I'm not lying."
She shrugs, "Whatever. Isn't your three hours up?"
"Yeah. Monitor with me again tonight?"
Shaking her head negatively, "No. One time deal. I did do something nice while I was in your room. You can figure out what."
He looks at the ceiling as if he could use x-ray vision to see his room.
"Awesome. I'll look."
She winks at him, "Oh, you will be looking at it all night long."
"Really? Cool. I better go. See you tomorrow."
"Later Stud."
"I am aren't I?" He jests smugly.
"Whatever, Mister Ego. Have fun drawing notches on the wall of your prison cell."
"You're funny. Bye beautiful."
"I am aren't I?" She bats her lashes.
"I'm going to fuck you someday." He gloats.
"Doubt that."
"I don't." He bats his own lashes at her.
"That looked gay. Go away." She chuckles.
Loading some sheets in the overly large washer she starts a load. Listening to the water enter she eyes the wall.
"Dungeon. Wow."
The thought made her wet. The sloshing load made her have to pee.
Upstairs Jesse enters his bedroom and closes the door. Looking around he see's nothing that offers a clue. Until his hand grazes his computers mouse. The screensaver revives allowing him to see her photo.
His jaw dropped.
So did his cargo pants and underwear.
The rest of his night made him cocky.