When I woke up the next morning I at first forgot about my surgery, it was only when I nuzzled my butt up against John's morning woody that I felt some pain as the tip of John's cock entered me. The pain wasn't that bad so I kept going until he was nearly right inside me. I decided to just lay there enjoying the feeling. When John woke up and realised that his cock was inside me he said,
"That's nice, but didn't it hurt?"
"Yes, but I needed you inside me."
"I'll just keep still and let you do the driving."
I did, only moving slowly. John must have needed me just as I needed him because it wasn't that long before I felt his cock tense then swell a little then that wonderful feeling of his seed shooting inside me.
That Monday was the first day that I didn't take any painkillers and I kept checking my pussy to see how much of the bruising and red marks were fading away. I even started doing workouts in the home gym although I didn't use the exercise cycle.
We ate too may pizzas that week and John took great delight in telling Harry what I'd had done, and how well I was healing. Of course it wasn't just him telling Harry it was me getting on the kitchen table, laying back and spreading my legs so that Harry could look closely.
"Touch her clit Harry," John said, "see how sensitive she is. The surgeon didn't touch her clit but it appears to be a lot more sensitive than it was."
"You don't mind if I touch her?"
"No, not at all, it's okay isn't it Jade?"
"Yes it is Harry, show John how to play with a clit, but please, only my clit, the rest of round there is still a bit delicate."
Harry's fingers went to my protruding clit and teased me to an orgasm in a surprisingly short time.
That was on the Tuesday evening. On the Wednesday evening John suggested to Harry that he use his tongue saying that there was less chance of anything doing any damage to me. I thought that that was a great idea and Harry is good with his tongue. While I was eating the pizza I told John that Harry was good, but not as good he was.
"I'm not jealous Jade, it's your pleasure that I was thinking about and I thought that you might like a bit of variety."
"So are you going to get me a male harem, one man for each night?"
"Is that what you want Jade?"
"Hell no, your cock is quite enough for me but a bit of variety is nice occasionally, just not every day."
"Good, so I'll fix you up with different guys occasionally."
"Okay, but I don't come into contact with enough girls, other that Jenny and Rose, to be able to do the same for you."
"You don't have to Jade, your pleasure is my priority."
"I love you John Douglas."
"And I love you Jade Peterson."
By the end of the week I was good enough to properly fuck John albeit with me on top controlling the action. John didn't trust himself enough for him not to pound into me too hard.
*****
The Monday saw Adam, my Personal Trainer arrive for my first full keep fit session since my surgery. When he saw me standing there waiting for him totally naked he said,
"Are you Jade's little sister, you don't look old enough to be nineteen."
"Thanks Adam," I replied, "wait until you see between my legs."
"I can't wait, so are you fit enough for a full workout today Jade, you've got a bit of catching up to do."
"I'm not so sure about the exercise cycle, I avoided it last week."
"Understandable but human skin is very durable and flexible, we'll try it and see how it goes, we can stop whenever you want."
"What's with the we? I'm the one doing all the work."
"And it will be so worth it Jade, when I'm finished with you you will be able to walk for a hundred miles or wrap your legs round anything that you want. John will be so pleased with you."
"Wrap my legs around anything," I thought, "I presume you mean John's waist or neck."
We got started on my routine and I quickly noticed that Adam was looking at my pussy a lot. When we got to the leg spreader I adjusted it so that there wasn't much resistance then spread my legs wide and said,
"Go on Adam, have a good look, I know that you want to."
"Jade, that would not be very professional of me."
"Maybe, but you want to so just get on with it, I won't tell anyone."
"Are you sure Jade, I don't want to ruin this job, you're a great student."
"Relax Adam, you aren't going to ruin anything, in fact I'm surprised that John hasn't asked you to fuck me."
"Now that would be very unprofessional."
"But nice, go on Adam, see how much my pussy has changed, it looks a lot younger now."
By then Adam was on his knees between my legs and staring at my pussy. I was feeling a bit naughty and did a couple of Kegel exercises.
"Very nice Jade, you look so much younger. I hate working with older women who have their bits hanging nearly to the floor. And you doing that has just made me decide to add Kegel exercises to your routine, we'll do them outside after the yoga. Now adjust this machine to back where it was."
I did and got on with my reps. It was the exercise cycle next and I approached it with some trepidation.
"Just sit on it jade, see how it feels."
"It hurts a little but it does feel nice, different to before."
"Well you've got some bits missing so it's bound to feel different. You can skip this exercise if you want Jade."
"No, no, I'll try it and see how it goes."
I slowly started pedalling and was pleased that the pain didn't get any stronger. The sliding from side to side on the saddle felt different as well, different but nice. I don't know if it was because I hadn't been on the cycle for a while of if my changed genitals had anything to do with it but an orgasm came quickly. As it subsided I realised that the pain had increased so I asked Adam if we could move on.
We did and got on with the rest of the routine.
"Big improvement Jade." Adam said when I was in the standing splits and he was looking at my pussy.
"I like it too, and so does John, he says that it was money well spent."
"I hate to think what it cost."
"So do I, I didn't ask."
"Well I'm sure that he thinks that it was worth it. Do you want to try some Kegel exercises while you're stood like that?"
So I did.
"Good, I must get my other customers to do them when they are stood like that, I'll be able to see if they are cheating."
"I'm not cheating."
"I can see that, ten more then we can move on."
I did the ten, my pussy getting wetter with each one.
"Well done Jade, you really put everything into this exercising don't you?"
"I like the benefits of doing it Adam."
"Yes, I can see that."
When it came to us doing the jogging Adam took me through the first part of the woods then onto the road. We'd only seen one dog walker who had stared at me but said nothing, I think that Adam's idea of him going first puts people off the idea that he is chasing me for some sexual motive but I do like it when he can watch my bare butt as I run.
On the road Adam ignored the first and the second gates into the other part of the woods. The odd car had gone passed and beeped its horn but again I couldn't tell if that was because the driver liked what he saw or if it was to let us know that he was there.
The third gate must have been half a kilometre from where we came out of the first part of the woods and shortly after we got into the woods again I realised that we were running on the edge of the woods and there was some sort of industrial estate there. We were running on the woods side of a tall, linked chain fence and a couple of the business's had men working outside.
They soon spotted the naked me chasing after Adam and the catcalls were quite amusing. I smiled as one man shouted words to the effect that I must be chasing Adam to get him to fuck me. I thought about that as we continued to run but I discounted the possibility as Adam had always been so professional with me. After that the path went back into the woods and we came to the road at the first gate where a man was just getting out of his car with his dog. The dog ran over to me but the man called it back.
When we got back to the house John was outside waiting for us. I left John and Adam talking and went for a shower.
Later that day John was working and I decided to go on the internet and do a bit of research about girls who spend most of their life totally naked and I read about the Permanude girls in America and their newd etiquette. I realised that I had been sitting with my knees apart mainly because I didn't want to cause any pain by pressing my thighs together but it had also been because I like John looking at my pussy, but this newd etiquette was saying that I should keep my knees as far apart as possible. I liked that idea so I decided to try to change my habit and let John, and everyone else, see all of my new pussy, a pussy that I was proud of, every time that I sat down.
I also liked the way girls could be sentenced by the courts to be either topless, bottomless or totally naked for a period of time that they thought appropriate. I couldn't see that happening in England but I did think that it would be a great form of punishment. But then I thought that the girls would soon get used to being exposed and actually enjoy it and use it to their advantage.
Our lovemaking that night took another step back to being normal and I was almost enjoying the slight pain that came when John was fucking me.
*****
The Tuesday was massage day and I was looking forward to Manuel's visit although I wasn't too sure about the rough finger fucking that he gives me. John took Manuel to one side and I could hear them quietly talking, but was not able to work out what they were talking about, as I climbed onto the table
The massage started as usual until I turned over and lay on my back, instinctively spreading my legs. When Manuel turned and saw my new pussy he stared for a few seconds then I heard him quietly say,
"Nice."
"I'm pleased that you like it Manuel." I thought as his hands started working on my head.
As usual I moaned as he massaged, rubbed, twisted and tweaked my nipples but the real difference was when his hands got to my pussy. The whole area seemed to respond to his touch much quicker, it was like my sensory nerves had been under all that fatty tissue and because there was very little of it left my nerves were responding much quicker and much stronger. I guessed that John had told Manuel to be gentle around where my labia minora had been and around my clit hood but that still left him plenty of scope for giving me the happy ending that I was so looking forward to. It was the usual, intense orgasm that made me want more, but more never came from Manuel, until that day.
Manuel surprised me by telling me to shuffle up the table so that my head was hanging off the end. As I did so I thought,
"He isn't is he?"
I looked over to John and saw him smiling and knew that Manuel was going to do what I thought, and that John approved. I automatically opened my mouth wide and watched Manuel drop his white trousers revealing that he goes commando. His hard cock was pointing towards the sky until he took hold of the base of it and guided it to my mouth.
In Manuel's cock slid, the tip hitting my tonsils and going passed them. Then I felt his left hand on my right tit and his left hand sliding down my stomach and stopping as a finger found my clit.
The next few minutes were out of this world as both his hands, and his cock worked on me. First I orgasmed -- again, then as I was approaching a third orgasm his cock erupted in my throat bringing on that orgasm instantly. Okay John has done exactly the same to me a few times but this was different, it wasn't my lover's cock in my throat, it was outside in the open back garden and my lover was watching. It was just very pleasurable sex.
I was still flat on my back on the table when Manuel had left and John came over to me and asked me if I had enjoyed my massage.
"Yes, I assume that you asked Manuel to do that to me."
"I did, do you want him to do that to you at the end of every massage Jade?"
"Yes please."
"Consider it done my love. When you are ready go and have a shower, there will be a supermarket delivery in an hour and I'm assuming that you want to deal with it."
"Of course, that's a PA's job not a boss' job. Are you likely to be talking to Kyle any time soon, he seems a nice guy?"
"Patience my little exhibitionist, there will be lots of opportunities for you to show off your body, would you like to go to the Drunken Duck on Thursday evening. I'm sure that Ken and the customers would like to see you again."
"Good, I can show them my new pussy."
"Talking of which, our membership of the Multiple 'O' or just the 'O' club has come through, the next time that they meet we should get an invite."
"I can't wait, do you think that we should practise making me cum as many times as possible in a certain time?"
"I've already thought of that, we'll give your pussy a few more days to properly heal then I'm going to strap you to that medical table, put one of your vibrators inside you and strap the magic wand to the top of one of your legs so that the end is touching your clit, and with them both switched on we'll see how long you can last and how many times you cum."
"Will the club let you use vibrators, isn't that sort of cheating?"
"You're probably right Jade, so we'll do what I just said then the next day we'll just let you use your fingers for thirty minutes. Hey, you can practise that when I have to work and when the weather is like today you can do that while you're improving your tan."
"Yes, and I can do that when David or Pete are here to make it more interesting."
"My gawd Jade, you are exceeding even my dreams of what you would do."
"Are you complaining, because I can try to dial it down if you want."
"Hell no Jade. I love you more and more the more you surprise me. Now shower or do you want the supermarket guy to see you all sweaty and covered in massage oil."
I went and showered and I did give the supermarket guy a pleasant surprise. It always seems to be a different delivery guy that brings our order.
Once all the groceries and other things were put away I decided to go and lay out in the sun for a while and as I lay there I thought about what John had said about the 'O' club and I decided to get a bit of practise in. I went and got my phone, opened the clock app and set the timer for thirty minutes.
I have to admit that frigging myself for thirty minutes non stop is hard on my fingers and the rest of my hand and wrist and they were getting very tired. Frigging is different when you have next to no fatty tissues for your fingers to rub around. But it does have the advantage of your clit being so much more accessible so on balance I would say it is easier to make myself cum like I am now, that's if my fingers and wrist can keep up with my desire for long, multi orgasmic sessions.
I did manage to cum four times that first time that I tried to cum as many times as possible and during that time David came and cut the grass, He was still there when my phone beeped to tell me that the time was up and I let out a long sigh and shook my hand to make sure that the blood was circulation properly.
"Are you okay Jade?" David asked.
"Yeah, I was just, well you could see what I was doing, Hey, you haven't seen my new pussy yet have you? What do you think?"
I opened my legs a bit more and David stared at my pussy for quite a few seconds then said,
"How old are you Jade?"
"Nineteen, why?"
"Well that pussy sure as hell doesn't look nineteen years old."
"That's the look that John and I wanted."
"Well you got what you wanted, you look amazing Jade."
"Thank you David, anytime that you want another look just let me know."
"Thanks Jade, you enjoy the rest of your day."
I watched David walk away then him doing some work and he looked to have an uncomfortable bulge in the front of his jeans. I smiled and closed my eyes.
*****
The Wednesday's training session went very much the same a the Monday's except for two things firstly I managed to stay on the exercise cycle until I'd had two orgasms, and there was an addition 'exercise' after I'd done my Kegel exercises.
Adam got me to lay on my yoga mat and spread my legs, then he knelt on my right side with his knees very close to my side. Then he put one hand low on my stomach and the other on my chest between my little tits.
"Now Jade, I want to you to take ten, long slow and very deep breaths and get yourself totally relaxed."
I did, feeling his hands on my pubis and chest. When I was done I watched Adam lift his right hand and bend the middle two fingers. Next he put those fingers close to my mouth which opened and the fingers went in. I instinctively started sucking those fingers getting them very wet.
After a minute or so he pulled those fingers out and his hand went down to my pussy, the two fingers penetrating me and curling up and pressing on the front inside of my vagina finding my G-spot as his palm pressed on my clit. He paused for a few seconds then he lifted his hand, my butt lifting to keep his fingers inside me.
Down his hand went then up again, my butt going with him. He lifted and lowered his hand over and over getting faster all the time. The tips of his fingers weren't able to, and probably didn't want to stay in exactly the same place, and as a result my G-spot was getting rubbed with the inevitable result, a noisy orgasm that had my whole body shaking.
Adam's had left my pussy and rested on my pubis as my body slowly relaxed.
"Wow." Was all that I could say and Adam stayed there until he thought that I was fully relaxed again.
"Then he said,
"Right Jade, back to your routine."
And we did, even running further along the road until we got to a 'T' junction with the main road before turning and running back to the gate where we could run along the outskirts of the Industrial units. Again we only saw a handful of cars and none of them stopped to complain.
I got the catcalls again as we ran passed one of the units and I guessed that they wouldn't have said anything if I was fat or ugly so I took them as a compliment.
Back at the house I left John and Adam talking and I went for a shower.
*****
The next day was a Thursday and John had promised to take me to the Drunken Duck in the evening but he surprised me just after I had taken him some lunch when he told me that he was taking me to his gym. I was excited as I had never been to a proper gym before. I knew that John had told me that it wasn't a big gym but it apparently had lots of customers, probably because of it's location, in the centre of the city, and the fact that John said it didn't have any, as he called them, 'stupid rules", although at that point in time I had never even thought about rules in a gym.
John suggested that I wear just one of halter tops and my very short, white tennis skirts. I chose a halter that is slightly sheer and quite small, It only just covers the sides of my tits. Also, I tied it so loose at the back that the bow was down on the waistband of the skirt. As soon as I knew what I was going to wear I just knew that I would be flashing my pussy some of the time and maybe my little tits as well.
When we went through the entrance door we were met by a girl about my age,
"Hi there John, long time no see, are you keeping well?"
"Yes thanks Sandra and you?"
"So much the better for seeing you, who's your friend?"
"Sandra, this is Jade, Jade Sandra, Jade is my girlfriend and we're here for James to put her through her paces."
"Lucky James, he's probably in the workout room."
John led me to that room and I saw that it was quite big with lots of machines, mats for floor exercises, an area for weight lifting and a couple of those school gym type benches. Also there were a couple of men and one girl doing their thing.
James quickly saw that John had walked in and he came over to us where John introduced me.
"Jade would like to try out all the machines James, would you take her round them. When she uses the machines at home she's naked so, unless you have a problem with that she'll go naked here as well."
"Err no, not at all, it will be good for business when word gets round that we have an attractive naked girl using the gym. It's just a pity that you came at this time of the day, we're not very busy at the moment."
"So when is your busy time James?" I asked.
"Evenings, people calling in on their way home from work and then those who go home then come to spend the evening working out then relaxing in the jacuzzi or sauna."
"I've never been in either of those." I said,
"Then you are in for a treat later Jade. Okay, shall we start over here Jade?" James said pointing to one machine.
I looked at John who motioned for me to follow James but I didn't immediately go,
"You want me to strip and do this naked John?"
"What do you want to do Jade?"
I answered that question by lifting my halter off, dropping my skirt and handing them to John saying,
"It's okay for men to see a girl naked so can you look after these for me please John?"
As I walked over to James I looked around and saw that one of the men had stopped what he was doing and was looking at me. I felt my pussy and hard nipples tingle. Meanwhile John went off to change into shorts and T-shirt ready to do his own workout.
James showed me how to use all of the machines unless I told him that John had the same one at home and I noted that James didn't pay that much attention to my nudity, unlike the other people there, every time I looked over to them and saw that one of the men and the girl were watching me.
Things changed with James when we got to the leg spreader, it was the same one that John has but I asked James to show me how it worked and I was surprised a bit because James showed me how to set it so that my legs were at ninety degrees to my body. As James stood in front of me watching how I was getting on I saw where he was looking. After I had spread my legs wide a couple of times James asked,
"How old are you Jade?"
"Why?" I replied, "do you think that John is cradle snatching, because he isn't, I'm nineteen."
"No, no, I know that John wouldn't do anything like that, it's just that you look so young."
"You mean my small tits and my pussy?"
"Well, err yes."
"That's okay James, not all women have huge tits and John paid for my pussy to look like this, nice isn't it?"
"Yes it is, err two more times then we'll move on."
When it came to the exercise cycle I looked over to John guessing that I might have an orgasm and saw that he had a big grin on his face.
"Okay," I thought, "John doesn't have a problem with me cumming on these bikes so sod it, I'm going to do it."
"I think that you'll find that seat a bit too high for you Jade." James said as he watched me adjust it.
"No, I need it this high." I replied as I climbed on.
"Are you comfortable cycling like that Jade?" James asked.
"Oh yes." I replied as my clit was getting rubbed.
Just before the orgasm hit me I saw the expression on James' face. I was a mixture of disbelief and shock so I looked over to the other people there and saw similar expressions.
I let out a long, guttural sigh as the orgasm hit me and everyone in the room must have known that I was cumming. As I got off the bike James said,
"Well I'll be. .... I never would have thought of that. If you're okay jade, we can move onto the weight lifting."
"Oh I don't know that I want to do any of that, it looks like way too much work."
"Tell you what, lay along one of those benches with your feet on the floor and I'll move one of the stands over so that you can start with just a few Kilos."
"Okay then, but none of those heavy weights." I said as I lay on the bench with my feet either side which meant that my knees were about shoulder width apart.
James moved the stand over so that the bar was about thirty centimetres above my neck. I got hold of it, pushed up and said,
"This isn't too bad."
"That's because there are no weights on it yet. Is Jade always this impatient John?"
"I looked down towards the end of the bench and saw John and Sandra standing there looking down on me."
"Sometimes," John replied.
I saw that Sandra was grinning, then after a few seconds she said to John,
"Is this naked girl thing going to be a regular feature here then John, because if it is I can see that customer numbers will shoot up and I'll have a lot more work to do."
"Maybe you'd like to join Jade, the more the merrier."
"I work here John, I can't be sitting at the reception desk totally naked."
"I'll have to work on that one but you being naked or even working out naked on your days off would boost customer numbers as well Sandra."
"I'll have to think about that one John."
"Maybe I should link your salary to customer numbers."
Sandra didn't get the chance to reply to that as I heard clunking sounds as James put some thankfully small weights on the ends of the bar.
As I pushed up on the bar James was stood right by the bar and I felt my stomach and pussy muscles tighten up as I used a lot of my strength. After three goes I stopped and said,
"That wasn't as bad as I thought, how many Kilos was I lifting?"
"Five at each end."
"Oh, I thought that it must have been something like twenty, never mind, I don't know if I'll do that again."
"Okay Jade, it's all totally voluntary, now, do you do any floor exercises at home?"
"Yes, Adam has got me doing quite a few, do you want me to show you?"
"Yes please Jade."
So I did, and as I mentioned earlier, just about all of them involve me showing my spread pussy. As I was doing them I could see the other girl that was there getting on the exercise cycle. I smiled and thought,
"You need to get those leggings off and raise the seat a bit girl."
I also heard a bit of what John, Sandra and James were talking about.
Sandra was also asking about my age. James was asking John how often I was going to come to the gym and trying to persuade John to let me come at more busier times. Then Sandra asked James if he wanted more girls to exercise naked and when he said that he did she asked him if there could be an incentive for them to come and workout naked.
"Good idea Sandra, maybe free membership, what do you think John?"
"I like it but you do realise that you can't advertise for naked girls, I'm sure that the council would find some stupid excuse to shut you down, you know how backward thinking they are."
"True, but word of mouth should spread quick enough, all the pubs in town will be talking about it."
By then I'd done a few floor exercises and all the men in there, and the numbers had increased, were staring at my pussy as I thrust my pelvis forward.
All too soon my routine came to an end and I went and stood next to John who almost instinctively put an arm round my neck and took hold of one of my tits.
"Well done Jade," James said, you can workout here alone, anytime that you want but I will be available for advice if you want any."
"Thanks." I replied.
"We'll be sorting a schedule out for Jade quite soon, but some of her time has to be finding out about my business and she has a lot to learn. Now Jade, how do you fancy soaking in the jacuzzi for a while?"
"I've never been in one of those before." I replied, "so yes please."
On the way out of that room I passed the girl on the bike and quietly said,
"You'll find that much more fun if you raise the saddle and get out of those leggings and knickers."
The girl blushed and said nothing.
John led the still naked me through the men's changing room where I got stared at by a couple of men who were getting changed ready for their session then out the other side into what John called the wet room. I saw a huge jacuzzi and a door to what I assumed was the sauna.
"Can I go in the jacuzzi please John?" I asked.
"Of course you can Jade, you don't need to ask."
There was already two middle-aged men in there, submerged up to their necks and I climbed up the steps then down into the bubbling, warm water. As I sat on the submerged bench I said,
"Oh, this is nice John, can we get one at home please?"
"Leave it with me." John said as he climbed in and sat beside me.
I looked to the two other men and when I caught their eyes we smiled at each other.
"First time?" One of the men asked.
"Yes, the bubbles really tickle don't they?"
"They do," the man replied, "especially if you move around until you find a place where the bubbles hit a nice spot."
I smiled at him but said nothing. John realised what the man wasn't saying and whispered for me to slide around a bit. I did and my eyes opened wide when I sat with my pussy right over one of the holes where the air was being forced into the water.
"Oh yes," I said, "that is nice."
After a couple of minutes I wondered if the air was bing forced up into my hole and I turned to John and in a whisper I asked him.
"No Jade, the pressure won't be great enough," John replied. "Unless you hold your hole open that is."
I turned to look at the two men to see if they had heard John's reply but they gave no indication.
Another minute later and I felt one of John's hands move to my thigh and instinctively I opened my knees to give him access to my pussy. I lay my head back on the side of the jacuzzi, sighed and relaxed even more as his fingers found my clit and started playing with it. I wanted to slide my butt forward to let him finger me properly but if I did the bubbles wouldn't be feeling so good. I opted to slide forwards.
It was soo nice laying back with my eyes closed, the warm bubbles feeling so nice and John's fingers playing with my clit and occasionally sliding inside me. So nice that after a few minutes I had an orgasm. I wondered if my facial expressions and the moans coming out of my mouth told the other men there that I was cumming, but I didn't care.
When the orgasm was history I opened my eyes and saw that one of the men was stood up and trying to get out. I smiled at the sight of the bulge in the front of his shorts knowing that I had caused it.
After another couple of minutes I decided that I was getting too hot and I told John that I wanted to get out.
"Sit up on the side for a few minutes, that will cool you down." John replied.
So I did, putting my arms behind me and leaning back on them. John motioned for me to open my legs and when I looked at them I realised that for some weird reason I had forgotten to spread them myself. I put it down to the heat.
As I did that I saw that the other man as staring at my pussy so I did a couple of Kegels. The man's eyes opened a bit wider and I saw John smiling. So I did some more. After another couple of minutes that man too decided to leave and I saw that his shorts were also quite tented.
John took the opportunity of us being alone to get me back into the bubbles but with my knees either side of his thighs and when I got there I discovered that he'd pulled his shorts down and his hard cock was waiting for me to impale myself on it, which I did and we had a long slow fuck.
Unfortunately, just as John was about to cum the girl that we'd seen in the workout room appeared wearing a string bikini. She smiled at us as I lifted myself off John and sat beside him. I finished John with my hand under the bubbles as I asked the girl if she'd had a good workout.
"Yes thank you, what you said about the exercise cycle was right. I'm Ella by the way."
"Hi, I'm Jade and this is John. It's my first time here, good isn't it?"
"Yes it is, although I didn't know that they'd started letting girls exercise naked."
"Neither did I but it felt so much more natural doing it in the nude, I hope that no one minded, James said that it would be okay."
"James would, he's a man."
"But it's okay for girls to be seen naked by men isn't it Ella?"
"I guess so, but it depends on the man, I wouldn't like to be seen by some fat, old pervy man."
"Me neither but I doubt that you'd get many of those here, all the ones that I've seen looked quite fit even though some of them did look old enough to be my father. You should try it sometime Ella."
"Oh I don't know, but there again, that exercise bike was fun, after you'd told me how to do it properly. Maybe next time."
"Well I'm certainly coming back here again, with and without my boyfriend. I'm getting a car tomorrow so I'll be able to come here without relying on him for a lift. I want to try that sauna as well."
"You've never been in a sauna Jade?" Ella asked.
"No."
"Well it is hotter than in here, but a dry heat."
"Hmm, I'll try it and see if I like it."
Just then John interrupted,
"Sorry to disturb you two making friends but we need to be going Jade. We're going to the Drunken Duck tonight."
"Oh yes, sorry John I forgot. Ella, I'm sure that we'll bump into each other again, nice meeting you. Maybe we'll do nude workouts together."
"Maybe." Ella replied.
John and I stood up and I saw that John had somehow managed to pull his short up so Ella wasn't going to have the pleasure of seeing his cock.
John led me to the Ladies changing room telling me to have a shower then get dried using one of the towels that I'd find in there.
"Where's my shoes and dress?" I asked.
"Either in the workout room or in James' office, I'm sure that you'll find them." John replied as he went into the men's changing room.
By the time that I'd showered, dried, dried my hair and got out to the reception John was there holding my shoes and dress while talking to Sandra.
"Must remember to bring a hairbrush next time." I said as I approached them trying to comb my hair with my fingers.
"So you'll be coming back again then Jade?" Sandra asked.
"I certainly will, and some of the times on my own when John will be working hard. Will you be joining me in the workout room naked Sandra?" I asked.
"Maybe, but I have to work here."
"Maybe James will let you have an hour off occasionally."
"Maybe."
"I'll have a word with him," John said, "that's if you're going to workout like Jade does. You two can show each other some moves and have a good laugh at the ogling men."
Both Sandra and I smiled and looked at each other. I could tell that I was going to get on well with Sandra.
On the way home John confirmed two things, firstly that we were going to the Drunken Duck, but not until late on, and also that my new car was ready for collection. I was excited about both events.
Just after 9 p.m. John told me to go and have a shower then put just a pair of heels on. I got a little excited wondering if John didn't want me to put any clothes on, and I was nearly right. When I came out of bathroom he was sat on the bed and he got me to walk over to him. Stood between his legs he took my nipple piercings out then put just the barbells back in saying,
"Don't want anyone pulling on those D rings or chain."
That got me wondering what was going to happen. Then he got a package from behind his back and told me to open it. Feeling like it was Christmas or my birthday I quickly tore my way in to it and found a pink dog collar and leash
"You got me one, and it's a pretty one as well, thank you so much John, shall I wear it now?"
"Give it to me and kneel down Jade."
"Since I'm down here can I give you a blowjob please?"
John looked at his watch then nodded his head. My fingers went straight to the fastening on his jeans and soon my head was bobbing up and down.
"Swallow it all Jade, then clean my cock."
When he reached his peak I backed off a little so that he was shooting into my mouth not my throat, then when he ran out of ammunition I backed off then showed him what was in my mouth.
"Good girl, you know what to do now Jade."
I did, swallowing then showing him my empty mouth before licking his cock until only a very thin layer of my saliva remained. Then John fastened the collar around my neck.
"That's surprisingly comfortable John, you picked a good one, thank you."
"Only the best for my little exhibitionist nymphomaniac pet."
"I love you John Douglas."
"And I love you too Jade Peterson. Now let me attach this leash then we are ready to go."
"I'm going to the pub naked?"
"What were you wearing when you left it last time Jade?"
"Nothing."
"Question answered."
And we did. As we drove there I tried to do some quick maths to see if my statement of having spent more time in John's car without clothes than with them and I think that the statement is still true.
John parked outside the front of the pub in the little car park in the middle of the village. He told me that there was a bigger car park round the back but Ken only opened the gate if there was a function going on.
It felt a little strange walking to the pub door wearing only shoes, the collar and the leash that John was holding the other other end ofOfJust as we got to the door a couple of young men were coming out and one of them said,
"Bloody hell, I'm not leaving yet Simon."
"Neither am I." Presumably Simon said as they turned and followed John and I in.
Within seconds the whole pub was silent and about forty eyes were staring at me. My nipples and clit got bigger and harder and all three started tingling. On top of that, or should I say below that, I felt my pussy get wetter.
It was Ken who broke the silence by saying,
"Come on in John, your usual?"
All of those eyes, six of them being in the heads of three young women, followed me to the bar where Ken added.
"And what would you like to drink Jade?"
"Surprise me Ken." I replied.
"I think that you are doing all the surprising in here Jade." Ken replied, "although you do look a bit different from the last time I saw you."
"My nipple piercings?
"They're new aren't they? But that's not all of it is it?"
"My collar?"
"That's new but there's something else isn't there?" Ken asked.
I stepped back and pointed to my pussy.
"Bloody hell yes, you've had ten years taken off you haven't you Jade?"
"That's one way of saying it Ken." I said, "Yes, I've had some cosmetic surgery, thanks to this kind young man that I'm attached to."
"Well I can't blame him for wanting to keep you on a lease Jade. No, that surprise drink, what would you like?"
"A cocktail, a strong one please, I think that I'm going to need a strong drink."
"One Ken's version of a Negroni coming up for the young lady."
"So what's with the collar and leash?" Ken asked John as he was getting our drinks.
"Jade likes being tied up but that wouldn't be too practical at the moment."
"No," I added, "and I like to let everyone know who my boss is, who owns me."
"Are you going to show her to all the customers John, there's a few townies in?"
"After we've had our first drink and you've told me how the bookings for the function room are going."
"They're not going bad actually John, the damn Train Spotters want the place in September, and I've had an enquiry from the CMNF Club for a dinner in October and the Multiple 'O' Club want to come, if you'll excuse the pun, in September as well. There's another booking for late August that might interest you, a photography Club want to hire the place for day in August, they want to use it as a base for doing their thing in the woods out the back."
"That sounds interesting, can you let them know that you have a model who will pose anyway and anywhere that they want?"
"Sure, fancy a bit of outdoor flashing do you Jade?"
"My trainer takes me jogging outside three times a week, through the woods, along a road and behind an industrial estate."
"I heard a rumour that a naked girl was chasing a man behind the industrial estate that one of the locals works at, that was you was it? I heard that you looked like you were chasing him to get him to fuck you."
"Yeah, that was me, Adam thought that it was better that I follow him rather than the other way round. He said that if he was following me people might get the wrong idea and call the police."
"Your Adam seems to be a sensible bloke."
"Yeah, he's okay but I prefer it when John fucks me."
"You let your trainer fuck you Jade?"
"John likes to watch."
"I bet he does. So you really like everyone seeing you naked Jade?"
"I never used to but John has made me realises that I do, and that it is okay for men to see a girl naked."
"That's certainly true Jade, most girls have very nice bodies that they should be proud of and not be ashamed to let men see them. Girls are so lucky, imaging a woman walking in here with a naked man on a leash, everyone would laugh at the man whereas no one is laughing at you Jade, all the men are lusting after your body and the girls here are more than likely very jealous of you, your courage and your body. You are one very lucky girl Jade."
"I know, and I've got John to thank for that."
By then John was getting towards the end of his pint of Pigswill and my Negroni was making me a bit tipsy. As John swallowed the last of his pigswill he said,
"Right Jade, are you ready to let the customers get their hands on that gorgeous body?"
"Oh yes please."
John led me to the nearest table and asked who wanted to put their hands on me. Sat at the table were four elderly, male locals and the nearest one said,
"Come and sit on my lap for a couple of minutes luv."
I looked at John and saw him nodding so I sat on the man's lap. His arm went round me and his other hand went to my tits.
"These are nice young lady, do these (my barbells) hurt or make you loose any sensation?"
"It hurt a little when they first went in then they ached whilst they were healing but no. You'll make me cum if you keep doing that to them."
"Sorry about that young lady."
"Don't be sorry, I like having orgasms."
"Even in a place like this?"
"Especially in a place like this."
"Hey guys, did you hear that, this girl wants us to make her cum."
All of a sudden the tingling that I'd had since we walked through the door got a lot stronger and my pussy got a lot wetter. John started gently pulling on the leash so I said,
"Thank you sir but I have to move on now."
I stood and moved to the next man, the first man loudly saying,
"She's left a wet patch on my trousers."
John 'led' me to the next elderly man and I again sat on his lap but this guy was a bit more adventurous and one of his hands moved to my thigh, high up my leg. I eased my knees apart and the man could just about touch my clit.
"That's a real pretty pussy that you've got there Jade, do you mind if I rub it a little?"
"I don't mind." I replied, and his rough finger started to rub my clit.
Unfortunately for the old man, and me, John didn't let me stay there for long before he 'led' me to the next old man who's hand also zeroed in on my clit but again John obviously had no intention of letting the old man take me to, and over the edge, and it was the same for the fourth old man. I thought that it was a bit of a shame because, I guessed, that all four of them hadn't had their hands on a young pussy for lots of years.
The next table had two young couples sat at it. All four looked around my age and the two guys were smiling as John 'led' me over to them.
"Who would like to put their hands on my body?" I asked as I looked at both the young men.
I could tell that they both did but at the same time I guessed that they didn't want to upset their girlfriends by groping the naked girl in front of them, but one of the guys had the courage to say,
"You don't look old enough to be in here Jade, that is your name isn't it?
"Yes it is," I replied, "and I assure you that I am old enough, I'm nineteen."
"You've only got tiny tits and that pussy looks like it belongs to a girl half your age."
"That's because I've had cosmetic surgery."
"I thought that FGM was illegal." One of the girls said.
"This wasn't FGM, I can still function just the same as any girl, maybe even better. Last chance to see what I feel like."
John didn't give them much of a chance to grope me because he gently pulled on the leash and led me to the next table which had just two men sat at it. Both looked to be in their late twenties and neither were shy about coming forward and openly groping me. Even as I sat on the first man's lap his hand was on my pussy but he was more interest in finger fucking me that playing with my clit.
That man didn't quite make me cum because John gently pulled on the leash before that could happen, and it was the same with the second man at that table.
It was a frustrated me that was 'led' to each of the rest of the tables and at each table and each person John gently pulled on the leash before I could actually cum.
When I was 'led' from the last occupied table John left me standing in the middle of the room whilst he carried over an unoccupied table and put it in the middle of the room.
"Up," was all that John said and I climbed on and lay back on my elbows with my legs wide apart and facing most of the people in the room.
"Practise for the 'O' Club Jade." John said.
I smiled and my right hand went to my pussy.
"Would someone time thirty minutes please?" John asked.
My first orgasm came quite quickly, me laying back because my left hand was needed to play with my nipples. I verbally, and quite loudly, let everyone know that I was cumming just before my body started shaking and jerking, me being more turned on that embarrassed that lots of strangers were watching me masturbate.
As I was coming down from that high the fingers on my right hand kept working and after four or five minutes I was climbing up there again. Five times in total I reached that edge and I jumped over before three different people said that my thirty minutes was up. I was pleased because it was one more orgasm than the previous 'O' Club practise but my hand and wrist ached and I was shattered.
Ken appeared above me with a large glass of cola in his hand.
"Amazing Jade, just amazing. Here, get some of this down you."
"Thanks Ken, I need that." I replied as I sat up.
"Very good Jade," John said, "you're really getting into this pubic sex aren't you. I might just fuck you next time, or would you prefer it if the public fucked you and I just watched?"
"Both." I replied.
Just then Ken called TIME and people started leaving. One of the locals came over to John and me and asked John if my stripping and playing with myself was going to be a regular thing.
"You'd better ask Jade mate, it's her body."
I didn't wait for the elderly gentleman to ask me and I replied,
"I hope so, it was great fun, but I don't know which nights it will be, it depends of so many things. I'll try to get here at least once per week and things probably won't stop where they did tonight."
"I'd better not pass that bit on to the missuss, thanks Jade."
"Well done Jade." John said.
"What, it was the truth."
"I know, it was you saying that you didn't know which night we'd be here, that means that he will try to come here more often hoping that you'll be here and that he doesn't miss the nights that you are here. That means more profit for Ken and I."
"I didn't think of that, maybe my subconscious did."
"Another drink?" Ken asked.
"But it's passed closing time." I said.
"The law says that I can't SELL alcohol after time I've but I can still give it away."
"Ah. I see." I replied, "but no thanks, and John's driving."
"That's right Ken." John said, "we need to be going as well, busy day tomorrow."
John took hold of the leash and led me out to the car and as I got it I said,
"Will I ever spend more time in here with clothes on than without them?"
"Not if I can help it." John replied and we drove home with one of John's hands spending most of the time between my legs and toying with my clit.
It was a good job that a towel now lives on that seat.
It was a long and very enjoyable lovemaking session before we finally fell asleep.
*****