After an eventful first week, I felt I had to regroup. Even though my wife Lacey had agreed to our new relationship, I loved her too much not to make sure she was enjoying herself as much as I was.
We had spent the first week of her working, with me taking control and asserting my new found authority over as her new boss. During the work day, she was to make herself available to me in any way, shape, or form, that I desired. I also gave her tasks to complete and standing orders for her general conduct.
I thought the first week was great, we had more sex than we had ever had in one week before. During the day I could be controlling and forceful, at night we could be like any other husband and wife. We made love several nights in a more passionate and caring way than we had before.
Sunday night, I laid in bed admiring Lacey as she changed out of her clothes and into her nightgown. Her body was still amazing to me after 10 years of marriage. Large breasts that still did not sag even with their size. Her conservative upbringing of tight bras had left them incredibly well preserved. Her areolas were a milky brown and her nipples grew a half an inch when stimulated. Lucky for me I could tell when ever she was slightly aroused because her nipples would poke through even the strongest bra.
Lacey turned around and bent over to pull off her panties. I was treated to that amazing ass that I had seen more than 1 man turn his head to admire. It was even better when fucking her from behind. I like to pull apart her ass cheeks and spit between them while taking her, getting some juice on her asshole so I can gently massage it. When Lacey gets worked up, I can stop thrusting and let her take over. She then establishes a rhythm of rocking back and forth on my cock, taking it out almost to the head, and then ramming her ass back on my dick to fully impale herself.
"Lacey?"
"Yes, honey," she answered.
"Are you ok with how last week went? I felt you enjoyed it as much as I did but before we go any further, I want to make sure you are good with continuing down this path," I asked.
"Is this your way of giving me a way out," she replied.
"Yes, if you want to stop we can stop," I answered.
"Well I thought you could tell how much I loved it last week? I enjoyed being under your control and pushing my boundaries. You know how I was brought up. We never talked about sex or were encouraged to love our bodies. I was told it was dirty and a sin. You forcing me to be sexual is exciting. I know I have a great body but don't have the courage to explore my sensuality without a push. Your push allows me the freedom to experience new things without the guilt I was brought up to associate with it. I had so many orgasms from last weeks work that I want more."
"Understand that I intend to keep pushing the envelope. Tomorrow I might order you to do things that you would never have considered," I said.
"I know, that is what makes it exciting, the unknown of what my work week might entail. Keep holding me to it and don't back off your threat if I don't comply," Lacey said.
I stood up and took her in my arms, kissing her passionately. We made love, both probably thinking about the week to come.
I got to the office Monday morning with a plan for Lacey's week already in mind. As soon as I got to my desk I texted her.
Me: You will have two tasks this week, as well as following the first weeks rules of conduct while on the job.
First task- while at the gym this week I want you to exercise without any type of panties. Just biker shorts or stretch pants. During the week you are to get a video of at least one gym goer (male or female) checking out your ass while you work out.
Second task- at some point during the week you will expose yourself to at least one stranger. This will be separate from the gym task. It must be a random person and you must be able to catch this either on video or be able to fully describe to me the event.
On the kitchen counter I've provided you with one of those small fancy video cameras that are so trendy right now. Should make it easier for you to complete your tasks. Do well this week and you will get a surprise treat at the end of the week.
Lacey: I will do what I can boss to complete my tasks. Once completed I will send the evidence to your phone.
The rest of the day passed uneventful, as I let Lacey work into the challenge of the tasks.
On Tuesday morning I had just finished up a project memo when my phone buzzed with Lacey's picture telling me a text had arrived. I jumped up and closed the door to my office and clicked on the text.
The message read "getting started," and had a video attachment. I clicked on the video link and saw it was Lacey in a corner of the locker room at her gym.
"Wanted to document to you boss my preparations so far. As you can see (camera pans down), I'm wearing my yellow biker shorts. Also notice that as I pull on the front, you can clearly see that I'm wearing no panties. Yesterday I did this and the sweat dripped down my back and between my ass cheeks, making the material wet and clearly defining my fine ass. I had several men vying
for the treadmills behind me as I worked out on the elliptical machine but could not get a video. Today will be different."
With that the camera zoomed in on Lacey's face as she blew me a kiss. I spent the next hour waiting for that next text. Time crawled and I could not concentrate on the work at hand. Finally I heard the buzz and her picture popped up. There were two texts, one reading open first.
I clicked on the first text and again a video link was attached. It was Lacey sitting in her minivan, sweat still glistening on her face, and her hair pulled back in a ponytail.
"Wow, I can't believe I just completed task one! It was easier than I thought it would be so I guess I underestimated either the horniness of men or how great my ass is. I hope you enjoy and if possible I would request that my boss come and evaluate my work first hand as my pussy is sopping wet and I could really use your hard penis."
I eagerly opened the second text and the attached video. Lacey had used the new camera and must have set it up facing her on the machine so it could record what was going on behind her. She had zoomed it so that you could see at least three of the treadmills behind her and all of the men's faces. The sound coming from the camera was just the normal gym sounds, music and machines moving. She must have choose to wait before hitting the record button until all 3 spots were filled.
One treadmill had an older looking guy, probably in his fifties. The other two had young guys, probably just in college and out on break. They obviously knew each other and were talking as they ran. You could also make out that all three had eyes glued on my wife's ass. As she went up and down on the machine, the older gentleman's eyes went with her. One of the college boys was pointing as he spoke to his friend and they both laughed. At this point I could see that she dropped her towel that was hanging and she paused her workout.
She got off the elliptical and gave a wicked glance to the camera as her face crossed in front of it. I could tell she had bent over to get the towel and she must have lined it up perfect as part of her show to the 3 guys. I can only imagine the sight that they must have seen. With no panties on and those tight shorts riding up, they must have been given a full cameltoe view.
The older gentleman jumped his legs off to the side of his treadmill and was in a full stare at my wife's ass and now full cameltoe showing. The two college boys exchanged quick glances and then high fived each other.
Lacey climbed back on the machine and continued her workout as if nothing happened. I could see the older gentleman at that point get off of his treadmill to leave the gym. One of the college boys jumped over to his treadmill with a quick passing word to him that I could not hear. The other college boy disappeared for a minute and then I heard some clear voices coming through.
It must have been the kid coming up to work out next to Lacey. I heard him introduce himself as Andrew and ask her how much longer her workout would be, seeing when her elliptical would open up for his friend behind him.
Lacey came into camera view as if she was turning around to look at the other college boy. I heard her reply to the boy that her name was Lacey, and she would be done in just a couple of minutes.
They must have been looking at each other at that point because Lacey's body had shifted to that side. From what I could see, her sports bra was containing her breasts but the sweat and probably the excitement of what she was doing had made her nipples poke out of the straining material.
I heard the boy's voice tell Lacey that he hoped he wasn't being too forward but thought that she was an amazingly sexy girl. Lacey's immediate reply was that she appreciated the complement but was a married woman. He then said something garbled but sounding like can't help a guy for trying. They both laughed and then he said see you later and apparently went back to the treadmills with his friend.
He showed back up on camera in a couple of seconds and again high fived his friend when he got back. At that Lacey's hand covered the camera and it shut off.
Task one was complete and turned out way better than I hoped. I texted back to Lacey that her boss would be home in a minute to inspect her work.
I entered our house and went straight to the bedroom, where Lacey was waiting naked and still sweaty on the bed. "I hope my effort on this assignment was acceptable," she said.
I didn't need to reply. I grabbed Lacey by the ankles and pulled her ass to the edge of the bed. Still in my suit, I knelt down between her legs and immediately smelled a combination of sweat and sex. If you haven't experienced this smell before it is one of the best. Her pussy hair was soaked and I put my nose right into it, placing my tongue directly on her clit.
As excited as I was I wanted to tease her to her first orgasm. I took each labia into my mouth and gently sucked and pulled on them. They became even more engorged then they started out as. I then alternated between licking and sucking slowly on her clit. When Lacey gets excited her clit becomes about as wide as your pinky but only protrudes a little from her pubic mound. I dived my tongue deeply into her pussy while moving my nose against her clit to keep up the stimulation.
She was getting close to exploding but before she did I rocked back her legs and ran my tongue along the area between her vagina and her asshole. Lacey groaned knowing where I was going. My tongue reached her rosebud and I gently started circling it. My rim jobs were one of her favorite things, and when I pushed my tongue against her hole I slowly slid my tongue inside her. At the same time I rammed two fingers into her wet pussy as far as I could. This was all she needed as her hips rocked up to meet my hand and her asshole spasmed around my tongue.
Lacey let out a guttural moan of pleasure and then whimpered as I kept up the movements inside both of her holes. That was all for me. I stood up and undressed as fast as I could. Her fingers replaced mine as she seemed to be still feeling the first orgasm. On the edge of the bed she was in the perfect position for me to enter her.
I grabbed both legs lifting up and guiding my cockhead into her open vagina. It was slick and easy to enter. Her legs encircled my ass and pulled me in as close as she could. I could feel her full lips stroking my cock as it pounded in and out.
Knowing Lacey so well put me at an advantage, so I took my lips and went to the spot on her neck where she was the most sensitive. As soon as I began nibbling on her neck, her second orgasm let loose. This time she thrashed underneath me and kept saying, "ah, ah, ah," between quick breaths. I came with her and shot my semen deep inside her.
We laid together, both completely satisfied. If this is how the first task ended, I can't wait to see what happens with #2.