Most amazing anniversary ever. My wife and I usually spend a weekend in a hotel, go out for a nice dinner and she will let me take sexy photos of her for our anniversary. I was considering for our Tenth Anniversary what might be fun, when I asked my wife what she would like to do this year, she replied " oh I forgot to tell you, I've already reserved us a hotel room in Nashville." I was surprised to hear this as it was her usually asking me. She said she was looking the other day and had found a good deal on a suite on the fourth floor of a nice hotel.
My wife said she wanted to surprise me this year. That she had even ordered a couple of sexy outfits to wear. I know I had to be grinning from ear to ear. She smiled and said she had got a really sexy red dress that she couldn't wait to show me. And it should look good in photos, she said and winked.
It was going to be a few weeks before our anniversary. I was already excited, normally I get the outfits I want her to wear, this year she had picked out what she would wear. I thought this was awesome and maybe she was getting to like dressing up more. I'm always trying to push her towards trying the hot wife lifestyle. Between work and chores not much else was mentioned about our up coming trip.
The day before we were to leave on our trip, my wife said she was taking a day off so she could go get her hair done and was going to get a complete wax on her legs and private area.
That sounds great I replied, must admit that turned me on just thinking about that. The next day we packed up the car with cameras, clothes and high heels. We were going to drop our son off at her mom's, so she could watch him for the weekend.
After dropping off our son we headed for Nashville. We arrived on Friday around 4 in the afternoon. We got checked into our hotel room. We unloaded suitcases and got familiar with our room and the hotel. About 6:30 we changed into some nice clothes and went out to dinner. My wife had put on a sexy sun dress with lots of buttons down the front, I watched as she unbuttoned the bottom to right below her crotch, the top ones down to the middle of her cleavage, with nothing on underneath and a pair of heels she looked incredible, the material was kind of clingy and accented her very large breast.
She was in a really good mood and at the restaurant she was even flirting with our waiter at dinner. We talked and laughed about how the waiter kept trying to look down her dress, she even bent over to pick up something she deliberately dropped as he came walking up. He had to get a splendid view of her triple D breasts. After dinner we went to the bar and had a couple of drinks and laughs about how she had made our waiters night. She had to go to the restroom a couple of times and passed a table with several men sitting there. They kept their eyes on her as she passed by on her second trip, her big tits were swaying on her chest and it was obvious she was making sure her hips looked enticing.
On her way back they stopped her. She stood there with her hand on her hip and a smile on her face, then, she leaned over enough to give them an eye full of big boobs and hard nipples as she answered their questions. She told me when she returned they were curious if she might be a hooker and she told them no just a naughty wife just like my husband likes.
We stayed at the bar for a little longer and my wife made sure that the guy's she had stopped and spoke with were entertained. Where she was sitting the men at their table had a great view of her legs and up. She was was telling me everything she was doing, she had made sure when she had returned to hike her dress up some as she sat down and with it unbuttoned to her crotch she said she knew her pussy was exposed.
I could hardly believe what she was doing, it wasn't like her. She asked me are they looking, most definitely I said. She told me, I'm going to open my legs wider and I want you to put your hand on my leg and touch my pussy. I didn't hesitate, I put my hand on her leg and moved my fingers into her wet pussy. I noticed just as I entered her wet pussy with my fingers her head looked up and right at the table of guy's, she bit her lower lip and had some how without me noticing let one of her tits out of her top.
I had a huge hard on, my wife had never been this bold ever. She then reached down and brought my hand up to her mouth and slowly sucked my fingers into her mouth. She hadn't broke eye contact with the men watching her. As she removed my fingers from her mouth she leaned over and kissed me, and said it's time to go.
As we stood up to leave my wife put her escaped boob back in her dress, as I watched I knew how she managed to let it out, she had unbuttoned her dress almost to her waist. She leaned over to pick up her purse giving the guy's one last look at her boobs. As we left we walked by their table and my wife paused and smiled at them and handed them a piece of paper.
As we walked across the parking lot I told my wife that was the hottest thing I have ever seen. I can't believe you did that. She replied, I thought that's what you have wanted me to do. Besides it's our anniversary and I want to make it special for you, and I know you have wanted me to be naughty in public for you. Oh by the way I gave them your number, I told them if I could ever be of service to text me, she laughed, wonder how long before you get a text message.
After our drinks and my wife's hot show we returned to our room, I got some photos of the wife posing in her dress in front of a big picture window, she even stepped out on the balcony and unbuttoned it completely, there were only two buttons left.I got some great photos, she even took it off and slung it over her shoulder. The balcony over looks the front parking lot of the hotel. It has a great view of downtown Nashville and I would guess if you were in the parking lot you would have a great view looking up to our window of my wife posing for pictures. After a bit my wife said she was tired, we stepped inside and closed our curtains and she said, let's go to bed. Tomorrow we will have more fun, I just need some sleep tonight. We climbed into bed, I kissed her goodnight, knowing she would be ready for more pictures and sex tomorrow, little did I know what was she had planned.
When we got up Saturday morning, I noticed I had twenty new messages on my phone. We went to breakfast and took a walk afterwards. On our walk I opened each message, they were from the guy's my wife had entertained. All wanting to meet up with her and several had dick pictures and promises of it will be the best you ever had, we laughed.
We returned about 10:30 to our room. My wife got out this really sexy red dress, that would hug every curve on her body and you could see through it in the right light. She had some new sexy high heels. This is going to be my outfit for our anniversary and picture taking she said. She also got out some rope and looked me straight in the eyes and said to me,
"I want to tie you in that chair, without your clothes on, where you can't get up" I'm going to give you the show of your life for our anniversary. I said yes, yes that sounds wonderful.
She winked at me and went to the bathroom and took a shower and started getting her makeup on, hair fixed, while she was getting dressed I took my shower. I got dressed and was checking my cameras,, when she walked into the room, I looked at the sexiest, naughtiest looking woman I have ever seen, her nipples were large and you could see her dark areolas through her dress.
I had an instant hard on. As she crossed the room toward me her big heavy breasts moved on her chest, you could see her hard nipples pushing against the material. The dress just barely covered her pussy, she turned a circle as she approached me. She asked, do I look like a slut, I sure hope so, cause that's the plan.The dress looked awesome if she bent over you could see her sweet ass and the six inch heels made her legs look soooo long. I said you sure do, I bet you could please any man with that hot body.
She said " you ready to play then baby"? I didn't stutter when I replied you bet. She said it's almost noon, and sweet heart my mouth is hungry and I want to suck on something big and hard, then take it deep inside my pussy. Take your clothes off and sit here in this chair she said, I hurried and got out of my clothes. I sat in the chair, nude and with a raging hard on. She started tying me up, she brushed my cock and ran her fingers over my chest as she had me completely tied. I couldn't get up if I had to. Damn she did a great job. She stepped back and looked at me, her grin was almost scary, she said now I'm going to give you what you have talked about for the last several years and winked. I went to a lot of effort to make this anniversary special for you. You won't be able to stop me from the show you are going to get, she was standing in front of me and fingering her wet pussy and pinching her hard erect nipples. I told her let that naughty slut come out and play baby.
Just then there came a knock at our hotel door, my wife said now who could that be. She looked at me smiling, now don't move I will be right back. She went to the door, her ass looking so inviting as she walked away. I heard her answer the door and a few minutes later she walks in the bed room with two very good looking Black men. She was in middle of them their arms wrapped around her waist. Look what I found Daddy, don't they look yummy? I told you I was hungry, so I ordered room service she purred.
Each black guy turned her and kissed her hard as their hands explored her body. When they had gotten a taste of her, they looked at me and one said, your wife's ours for the next few hours. We are going to use her as our sex toy and lucky you, you get to watch. She will do what ever we tell her to do, no exceptions. We love to entertain naughty white wives and turn them into sluts for black cock. Your slut wife found our number and sent us a picture of herself, telling us how she wanted to give you the gift you have been asking for, sex with a black man. So several weeks ago I agreed that me and my friend here would be happy to help her, and I convinced her that two guy's would be way more fun for her and you. So enjoy the show, I know we will and I guarantee your naughty wife will also.
To start, they instructed her to get on her knees, they made sure I could see everything. They both stood in front of her and lowered their pants. Two of the biggest cock I have ever seen were just inches from my Wife's face. My wife had a big smile on her face when she was told, make them hard, use your mouth. She licked her lips and went to work.
She took one in her mouth and the other in her hand, as she worked each, taking turns, mouth to hand and back. These monsters grew and grew. I was amazed that she could even get them in her mouth, she was busy going from one to the other, sucking, licking. The guys were commenting on her talents, telling me she was the best cock sucking wife they ever had, you sure she isn't a professional, damn her mouth is nice.
Once she had them hard they had her stand and give me a kiss. I could taste their salty flavor that was in my wife's mouth. She purred to me, oh honey they taste good and winked.
After my kiss she turned to face her black lovers, they wanted her out of her dress, but keep your high heels on they said. My wife's dress slowly dropped to the floor. Her black studs let out a whistle and said look at those big tits. They asked her how big are those, she replied I'm a 34 triple D. The two black guys looked at each other and said, we need to fuck them tits too and laughed. As they looked over my wife's body she was told to turn slowly, she looked sexy as all get out, her pussy was so smooth and her lips had already parted, she was really wet, dripping actually, the inside of her thighs were wet. The chair I was in was positioned to where I could watch the bed in front of me and what was about to happen to my wife. She had already sucked them hard and now I was about to watch another guy put his cock into my wife, I couldn't believe how turned on I was watching her. I heard myself say fuck her good.
One of the guys, now without any clothes on called my wife to come to him, he sat on the edge of the bed, his hard cock standing tall. He asked my wife, you want this big cock inside of you, she nodded yes, he then said I can't hear you bitch, she replied this time, I want you to fuck me hard with that wonderful cock and fill me with your cum.
He had her turn and sit on him facing me. She stared at me as she started lowering herself towards his huge cock, he grabbed her hips and gently pulled her on to his cock. I watched as it slid into her wet hole deeper and deeper until it disappeared. Her eyes rolled back and she let out a moan of pleasure and she shivered, she had an orgasm and said to him, fuck my cunt and make me your slut.
He told her, damn girl you just took all 9 inches of my cock inside you, you are a fuck toy, I almost never get to put my entire cock in, ride me bitch and he slapped her ass hard, and she said do it again baby, but harder, use my slut pussy, it's for your pleasure, make me say naughty things.
He had her ride his massive tool, up and down and gridding her hips into his pelvis. In no time she was covered in a sheen of sweat her eyes just stared at me as she worked her ass on that big black cock and she licked her lips.
The other guy now was ready for my wife to suck him some more. She was pulled down toward his big cock, his hand behind her head, holding her in place as he fucked her mouth. At first she seemed to gag, but slowly she was able to take more of his dark meat in her mouth. Another few minutes passed, the next thing I noticed was he now had his entire cock in her mouth and down her throat. His rhythm matched with his friend.
My wife was being drilled one in her pussy the other in her mouth. The one in her mouth told her he was going give her a present, I notice a big squirt of Cum escape her lips and run down her chin. Then the big nigger pulled his cock from her mouth and shoot a huge load of cum at her face. It was thick and wet and hit her about her nose and mouth and there came another load that hit her about chin level and dropped on to her breasts. My wife's tongue darted from her mouth and captured some of his thick cum on her chin and swallowed. She never swallowed my cum, but here she is drinking it down and trying to catch every drop. Definitely what a slut would do, I knew she was one deep down.
The nigger fucking her pussy, then lifted her to her feet as he continued pumping her. He bent her over my hard cock and told her to suck me. He continued thrusting her from behind. As she was sucking me, he asked me, you enjoying your wife being a naughty cum slut. I said yes just as I exploded, shooting my load into my wife's mouth, the nigger that had cum in her mouth held her head down on my cock as he commanded her to swallow every drop. He told her to be a good slut you swallow, always. She did as told, swallowing my entire load.
The other guy now was ready to release his seed in her. He picked her up, laid her where I could watch his massive cock slide in and out of her. He raised her legs with his arms, he moved in and out of her, she had cum multiple times, every time he pushed his black cock in her you could see her cum pushed out. He gradually picked up the tempo, you could hear his ball sack slapping my wife's ass. He then-pulled out till the massive head of his veined cock was visible, then plunging into her wet slit to his balls, with every plunge she screamed yes, yes give it to me I want your cum, fill my pussy full, I'm your slut, pound me oooh that feels good.
My wife's hair was matted to her face, she was covered in sweat and cum and her hips were grinding, craving his big black cock, when he said here it comes. He held her hips against his pelvis as she begged for more. He held her in place for a few moments then turned and looked at me.
Your wife is a wonderful fuck he said. Then he removed his big limp cock, there came a flood of her cum and his, thick, white sticky goodness. Her pussy was gaping wide open. It was spread so wide you could have put your fist in and not touched the sides. She didn't get a moment to rest. The other guy stepped between her legs and pushed his throbbing rod deep in her and started the same furious tempo and the other guy had climbed on the bed turned my wife's head towards his cum covered cock and had her suck him clean. They repeated this multiple times. Of course they didn't forget to DP her either and this she liked the most as she asked for it twice.
Once they had filled her with their seed, they walked her over to where I was seated and had her stand over my cock, letting the cum that was in her pussy drip onto my hard tool. My wife looked into my eyes and asked "you enjoying the show as she flashed a smile, I know I am she purred" then she leaned in and kissed me hard shoving her tongue deep in my mouth. Her mouth had deposits of nigger cum on and around her lips and I was sure she wanted me to taste what she had been swallowing. One of the guys said we ain't finished yet Slut and had her follow him.
They walked her to our big picture window, had her open the curtains, she asked now what, my friend needs your phone, you need some pictures and video of yourself being a naughty slut. He's going to take them and some video, we need you to tell us in your most sexy voice how much you like being fucked by two niggers. I'm going to kiss you and when I stop I want you to beg me to fuck you again and tell me how your husband loves to watch you with other men. Then we are going to move outside on the balcony and I'm going to fuck your ass as you face the parking lot, hopefully someone will see you and your big tits bouncing around.
While I'm fucking you I want you to tell me over and over that you are a slut. I couldn't believe what I was hearing, she did everything he told her and I don't believe she was lying. I watched them take selfies together, her going down on them and several videos of her doing every sex act you could think of.
They used her non stop until 4 pm, they had cum on her, in her, and she had repeatedly requested more, she almost passed out. They then put their clothes on and told me that if I ever want to watch my wife used again as a porn star to let them know, cause they throughly enjoyed her, not many women are able to handle such a big cock, but your slut wife had no problem, she should think about being a porn actress. They both gave the wife a big kiss and left her breathless on the bed.
My wife raised her cum covered body from the bed, looked me in the eyes and said "I hope you enjoyed watching me doing that for you, have to admit I truly enjoyed being a slut for you, I have never been so satisfied daddy.
"But it won't happen again". Because I could get used to that, she said with a wicked smile. She untied me and said I need a hot shower and a nap. Then I will put my dress back on and we can go eat and you can show off your Sexy Naughty Slut Wife. I will be happy to wear the spade tattoo for you tonight and my jewelry that says "I love black Cock" so everyone will know I'm a Slut for Nigger cock, now I'm that Hot Vixen wife you have wanted for years daddy. This girl will do anything she's told tonight and I hope it's naughty as she winked at me, Happy Anniversary Daddy, l love you bunches.