--------------------------------------------
I like feedback, but prefer that with an e-mail address. This is the third story in my fantasy series about "The Teacher." I have another series about my real life experiences under the title "Women in Control." If you like this story check out my profile, and read my other stories. If you read several please consider sending me an e-mail telling me which ones you liked best, which you did not and why...
----------------------------------------------
I. The Party
She was introduced to Steven at a party. They made small talk. She told him she worked days as a professor of psychology for the local community college. What she did not say was that her real interest in psychology was her private research into Paraphilia. And after talking and watching Steven for just a few minutes she thought to herself
"I can use him, this will be fun."
Paraphilia are aberrant sexual behaviors including Exhibitionism, Voyeurism, Sexual Masochism and Frotteurism. She wasn't sure how she knew he was a pervert, but she was instinctively knew he was.
Maybe it was that he seemed uncomfortable flirting, or maybe it was the way his eyes seemed to linger on the asses or cleavage of the women at the party. She walked over and initiated a conversation. She knew he was interested by the way his eyes kept drifting toward her low cut blouse. After a few minutes of conversation she was certain he was a pervert, she just couldn't tell in which way it manifested.
"Let's get out of here it's so crowded she said," leading him to and empty room.
Most men in this situation would make a pass, but he didn't. He seemed interested, but too nervous. She laughed at a story he was telling, leaning forward and brushing against him to encourage him, but he didn't touch back. She could tell he was getting aroused, so she walked over to the window and looked out the sky line, leaning her arms against the windowsill and leaning forward, displaying her big ass. She hoped removing the need to make eye contact would make him less nervous. He came over and stood behind her, looking down her blouse from behind he could see her cleavage. Instead of trying for a kiss to put his arms around her from behind and pull her toward him, he just stood close, so close it was obvious what he wanted to do.
"Oh, that kind of pervert" she thought to herself.
To confirm her theory. she moved has foot adjusting her ass ever so slightly closer, still not pushing or rubbing, but so the cloth from her conservative dress which came down half way to her knees was touching the cloth covering his cock, but not close enough to push against it.
"Ohhh," she pretended to yawn and in the process pushed her ass oh so slightly against his crotch.
She could feel his excitement grow and feel the warmth of her ass against his crotch. She started to talk about how pretty the sky line was, how looking out at this almost made her forget the crowded rush hours packed in subway cars on the way to work. She continued on about the crowds at rush hour.
"It's so crowded, people are pressed right into each other, sometimes if a cute guy is standing behind me I like it" she hinted, as she pushed her ass firmly against his cloth covered cock.
"...it's so difficult to keep ones space from being invaded. Last week the train stopped short and threw my body backward, right into the man standing behind me. Has anything like that ever happened to you?" she asked.
"Oh yes" he whispered as he began to push back. She stayed there, letting him enjoy the sensation for about a half minute before turning her head and giving a knowing smile.
"Like that, do you?" she said,
"Maybe we should go on a date sometime." she said, pulling away from him.
She opened her purse and removed a pen and paper and wrote her name and number.
"We really should talk." she said.
Knowing men like him suffered excessive shyness, she needed him to promise to call.
"You mentioned you like Indian food how about we get dinner?" she persisted, knowing his type liked aggressive women.
"Yes, I would love to" he said, seeming eager.
"Call me tomorrow" she said and excused herself, saying her good byes to others and leaving.
That night in bed she thought about the events her thoughts spilled into each other. She started thinking of how she liked his shyness. How the thought of getting sexual control over such a timid man turned her on, causing her nipples to tingle as she imagined him sucking on them. The smell of his cologne drifting over her shoulder, the warmth of his body permeating the cloth against as her ass rubbed against his cock through the clothing that separated their skin...As these thoughts crossed her mind she unbuttoned her conservative blouse, snapped open the black bra, and began gently squeezing her nipple with one hand. After a few minutes she stopped. She removed her conservative, but form fitting gray skirt, and lied on her bed, sliding her hand under her panties and began to masturbate. Her thoughts were a jumble of the experience of Steve at the window, memories of men who had masturbated for her in the past, and her wicked thoughts about the things she would like to do with Steve on their "date" --
II. The Office
She held no classes the next day; it was an "office day." The one day each week she scheduled time in her office to grade assignments, prepare lesson plans and do research so she would be available to students who needed to see her.
As she graded her assignments her thoughts were interrupted by a knock on the door. David, one of her adult continuing education students who took her class wanted to talk.
"I'm having trouble with this material" he began, explaining that he did not understand why treatment involved talk therapy for some disorders when drugs were so effective for others.
"Well, as we learn more about brain chemistry we can probably learn to create drugs to treat other disorders, but understanding the balance of chemicals in the brain is essential for that." she said, but he still looked confused. She decided to give him an example and have some fun at the same time.
"Let's take Viagra" she said.
"What does that have to do with psychiatric problems?" he asked clearly confused.
She liked seeing his confusion because people who are confused were usually more willing to follow direction.
"Viagra is most effective with men who have a physical problem that prevents them from getting hard" she began, looking directly at his crotch as she spoke.
She was dressed in a conservative, light gray dress that came down to just above her knees. She placed her open hand flat on the cloth that covered her thigh and began moving it up and down as she spoke, continuing to look at his crotch area.
"If the failure to achieve an erection is purely physical the Viagra will almost always work, but if the impotence is due to a psychological cause the Viagra is unnecessary, and may not work at all, or may at best provide only temporary relief, " she said, spreading her legs slightly to give him a peak up her skirt.
By now she could clearly see David was forming an erection.
"Well how does one know if the problem is psychological or physical in nature?" he asked, having forgotten all about his original question, and wanting her to continue.
"Well sometimes it's obvious. If, for example you are dealing with someone who was just involved in a serious physical trauma you would suggest a physical examination to determine if there was a physical cause, but more often then not impotence is psychological." she continued, spreading her legs further.
She noticed he had rested his hand near, but not quiet on the bulge in his pants, this excited her and she decided to overwhelm him with lust so he would lose control of his inhibitions and fondle himself in front of her. She continued, as she tapped on her knee with an open fist.
"Sexual arousal itself is not physical. A man will often become hard by looking and thinking sexual thoughts or by looking at pornography. He does not have to touch himself to get hard. The stimulation based on seeing a woman is enough to make him get hard. The point is that this can all occur without physical stimulation. It all takes place in the mind," she said, looking directly at the bulge in his pants. He was embarrassed, but he did not care, he wanted her to go on, and she did. In fact seeing her look at him and act nonchalant encouraged him, so he moved his hand over his cock and began to gently squeeze it through the cloth.
She gave a tiny almost nod to encourage him.
"If the man suffers from a psychological form of impotence he can not get hard because the part of the mind that sends signals and pumps blood into his cock interferes with the process." She explained. She noted that he began to squeeze and rub more obviously at the introduction of the non-clinical word "cock" and that he began to slowly move his hand up and down his cloth bound cock. She gave a slight smile imperceptible, to signal her approval and then continued.
"Now it is possible to get a man hard by giving a hand job or blow job, or a man can get himself hard by squeezing or pulling on his hard cock " she said, looking at his hand as it moved over his cloth covered cock, "but the arousal itself always begins in the mind."
At this point she stopped speaking. This completely changed the atmosphere. As long as she had been speaking it seemed as though everything were normal, but in silence his act of masturbation seemed blatant, causing him to become nervous and stop moving his hand.
"How long have you been doing that?" she asked
"Oh, I'm sorry, I just..."
"It's OK. We're both adults. I'm a psychologist. I understand that talking about sex obviously got you aroused, but most men are able to control those impulses. You do realize that you have a problem, don't you?"
"Yes" he replied meekly.
"Have you sought treatment?" she pressed, but he remained silent.
"Well, there is no need to feel embarrassed. I can keep your dirty little secret. But you really need try to understand why you lose control; it can have unfortunate consequences if you do it in inappropriate places," she said as she moved her open hand up and down on the cloth that covered her thigh.
He watched her hand stroke her thigh he resumed rubbing his cock through his pants. She was getting ready to ask another question when the phone rang. As she picked up the phone she leaned back in her chair and spread her legs. This aroused him further and he started to feel the cum build in his balls he rubbed and squeezed faster and harder. As she talked on the phone she stopped moving her hand, and made an open fist and let it rest on her thigh, simulating the way his hand would be wrapped around his cock if he was jerking off. The sight of her leaning back in her chair, with her breast pushing against her cloth, her legs spread, her hand open as if to jerk him off and her eyes focusing on his hand and shifting to his face as she watched him overloaded his sexual circuits and he began to cum, spurt after spurt, four times, as he quivered and his body jerked she nodded at his obvious pleasure. As he look a moment to gather his wits a wet spot on his pants began to show on the cock soaked through the cloth of his pants. At this point she further confused the young masturbator by nodding "no" giving him a disapproving look ,and indicating with her hand that he should leave so she could continue to talk on the phone.
It was Steven, whom she had met at the party last night. After talking a couple minutes they made a date to meet at Indian restaurant near her apartment.
She pulled the text from the pile on her desk and reread the clinical description.
"Paraphilia includes conditions such as exhibitionism, voyeurism and toucherism (the original term for Frotteurism) and are classified as courtship disorders of sexual relating. Persons suffering from such conditions have a difficulty understanding basic behaviors and signals used by the opposite sex and thus have difficulty in forming normal sexual relationships. Instead they tend to engage in perverse forms of sexuality."
Based on his conduct at the party she was pretty certain Steven was a Frotteur.
"Frotteurism is the act of obtaining sexual gratification by rubbing one's (clothed or naked) body against another person. Frotteurism carries a connotation of "anonymous and discreet rubbing" in a public place—like on a crowded train. The contact may be mutual or a one-way exchange. A person who practices Frotteurism is known as a frotteur."
She sighed and closed the text.
.
Overwhelmed by thoughts of Steven rubbing his hard cock against her ass at the party and of David's masturbation in her office she locked her office door, returned to her chair, and leaned back, pushing up her skirt and fantasizing she was exposing herself, she spread her legs, and imagining she had them in front of her with their hard cocks in their hands, wanting to feel the velvet skin but watching them stroke it instead; the skin pulling, the head moving, the balls tightening, the need for release, imagining what it would be like to watch their cum spurt from their engorged cocks and splash on her bare flesh -- that she would cum the instant she felt the hot splash hit her. Her nipples turning rock hard just as she is about to cum.
III. The Train Ride
She looked at the clock - it was about quarter after five, so she decided to go home to change and prepare for her date. As she walked to the train she thought about frottage. What separates a "normal" person who occasionally engages in frottage, from someone with a disorder, is the degree and the compulsion It is perfectly normal for a couple to use frottage as a form of foreplay and to occasionally engage in frottage in public; as, for example, a couple who grind and push into each other while slow dancing. But if a person derives more satisfaction from frottage then from "normal" sexual relations, or if a person commits frottage in public out of compulsion then they are considered to have a disorder. A disorder she understood all too well.
As she entered the subway station it was crowded. She liked a crowd. She began walking slowly along the platform, seeking to catch herself a pervert. Seeking to prevent a crime. As with most other sexual practices, frottage with a non-consenting person is regarded as a criminal offense. So assisting a person suffering from the compulsion by assuring they did not engage in non-consensual conduct.
She was almost predatory in her mind set, but passive in her demeanor. He dress was conservative looking. Before leaving she'd put her hair up with a clip making her look like her image of a respectable woman, school marmish, librarian, it was a look she found attracted her perverts. . She'd walk the platform, looking. She occasionally stopped by a supporting beam in the underground station, using it as a point to look up the track and see a train, she'd then turn to see if she'd caught a perverts attention.
That's when she noticed him. He had originally been at the middle of the platform, now she was near the very end and he was just about 10 feet away from her. He was looking at her but hen she looked back he looked down, shy, a little nervous. As she was looking him over she heard the noise of the train pulling into the station . She turned around to look at the train, as she did so she bent forward just enough to show off her big ass. She brushed her hand quickly over the back of her gray dress, as if to clear off dust from leading against something, but there was no dust, she was sending the pervert a signal. He came closer, and when the train pulled in and the doors opened he was, as she'd expected, standing behind her in the crowd seeking to enter the train.
As the doors opened they piled in. Very crowded, him right behind her. The doors closed, and as the train lurched forward she "fell" backward, pushing her ass firmly against his pants. She could feel the stiffness of his already erect cock. pushing against his pants. When she did she knew she'd guessed right. As the train moved forward he leaned into her and began rubbing himself slowly against her, pushing his cock against her ass, and rubbing it in an exaggerated motion of the trains movement. She allowed him to rub against her. She swayed her ass against him in keeping with the motion of the train. As the train pulled into the next station she moved when people entered the car, turning so he could no longer rub against her ass. She was faced him sideways, her leg separated from his crotch by the few inches that her arm kept between them, she could see him from the corner of her eye, and by turning her head slightly could see his face. Her the cleavage of her ample breast were now visible to him. She noticed him looking at her breast, so she decided to take the tease further. She reached up and unbuttoned a button of her gray blouse, allowing him to look down her blouse. As she removed her hand from the blouse she made a circle by joining her thumb and pointer fingers, allowing her hand to form the open first that she would use to give a hand job. She was very good at giving hand jobs, she considered it her sexual specialty, as did many of the men she hand given them too. She dropped her open fisted hand down too a bit below her breast, in the small space between them no one else would notice, but that he could clearly see, she began pumping her open first up and down. Although she did not speak a word out loud, in his mind it was as if she were saying over and over "go ahead, jerk it off." He felt as if in a mild trance as he put his hand on the crotch of his pants and began slowly rubbing his cock through the cloth. She looked down, when she caught his eye, and offered a slight smile and a nod of approval. When he saw this he became more aroused and began stroking his cock through his pants faster. She love it and wanted him to finish. She lifted her arm and looked at he watch, when she was sure he'd noticed she lowered her arm and began moving it rapidly up and down keeping her finger meeting her and thumb to create the open fisted signaling him to jerk-off faster. When he did so she turned slightly, to give him his reward of a better view of her cleavage. As she did so the train began to pull into the station, she let herself fall against him shoving her breast against him, as she did so she could feel his body stiffen slightly. She reached down and touched his hand as he removed it from his pants and as the train was stopping she felt his cock throbbing, pushing her hand against the cloth, gently squeezing around the head of his cock as she could feel it pumping cum into his pants and feeling the moistness of the cum as it soaked the cloth. She squeezed it, as if to say "goodye" and moved out the open door, looking back, into his eyes, as she gave a faint smile, and exited the doors of the train.
IV. The Date
At dinner she realized her initial impression the he was a Froutter had missed the bigger psychological picture. As he told her about his life she realized that despite his shy nature he often did things to attract attention to himself. He liked being noticed, perhaps he was an Exhibitionist? According to the professional studies in over 90% of cases exhibitionism does not occur by itself, but is accompanied by a variety of perverse behaviors, such as frouteurism, voyeurism, fetishes, as well as sadomasochistic desires inducing a need for sexual submission or domination.
After dinner she invited him to walk her home. At her door she turned to him, he seemed unsure of himself, before he could say anything she invited him in. At the apartment she took her coat and hung it on the hooks by the door, inviting him to do the same.
" I'll want to make us something hot to drink, come keep me company in the kitchen." She said, leading him into her small kitchenette.
Though there was room the tiny kitchenette did make him stand close, and as she bent over to get a tea pot from the closet she made sure he got a good, close up view of her ass. She took longer then necessary to make sure he got a good show. She loved teasing her perverts. She filled the tea pot with water and put it on the stove.
"Get me the Amaretto and hot cocoa" she directed, pointing to the cabinet as she walked over to get two mugs, standing close to him and leaning forward so the could get a good look at her cleavage in her low cut blouse. She had dressed for the a black wool blouse she wore was warm, but low cut, and hugged her body nicely. As the water boiled she spooned hot cocoa into the cups, adding the water, stirring, and then adding the Armerretto.
She lead him back to the living room, seating herself in the left corner of the couch, crossing her legs.. She had changed from her skirt earlier in the day into a pair of dark gray stretch pants that clung to her so he could make out the outline of her body perfectly. She blew on the hot cocoa, took a sip, and licked her lip, running her tongue along it for his benefit.. After blowing some more she took a second sip, and then placed the cup on the table, bending forward as she did so and giving him another look at the creamy white cleavage and it's contrast with her black bra.
"So," she began, "have you enjoyed the evening?"
"Yes," he replied, "I'm really happy we did this."
"How about last night?" she asked, "did you enjoy our time together"
"Very much"
As he replied she brought her arm up and looked at her watch, and said "Tell me did you think of me last night, did I turn you on"
"Yes, of course"
"What were you doing while you were thinking about me?" she said, as she smiled, and rested her arm on one knees, as she wrapped her other hand around it and began stroking it up and down her arm simulating masturbation for her date.
"Steve began turning red and mumbling an answer when she cut him off
I understand men, I expect it, you can tell me" she said reassuringly.
Steve just held his head down and remained silent.
She stared directly at his crotch and could see his cock beginning to move and push up against the cloth.
"Did you need some relief last night?" she persisted.
"Well I was so excited" he replied, timidly, and still a bit defensively.
""It's OK" she said reassuringly.
"Looks like you could use some relief right now" she aid teasingly. "I'll bet if I weren't here you'd be stroking your cock,." She said as she continued stroking her arm.
"Well I can't help it, you look so..." he began to reply, but before he could finish the sentence she said
"It's OK, no need to make excuses, your dirty little secret is safe with me," she said reassuring him that his masturbation was acceptable. She knew from experience that many men who liked supervised masturbation were afraid to do so with women because they feared being considered a pervert, so the first thing she did was make sure they knew they could do it for her and reassure them she would keep their secret.
She sat up and uncrossing her legs, putting one on the couch with her foot flat on the couch and her knee pointing up. This had the effect of keeping him from getting too close to her.
She leaned back, lying on the couch with her back propped up on a cushion at one end, and her knees were up and spread wide apart. Thomas stopped up short when he saw her, unable to speak. She regarded him silently for a few moments, licking her upper lip with her tongue as she looked at him sitting and nervously fidgeting at the other end of the couch.
"Come on over here, she said, motioning him closer. Thomas complied. He tried not to stare at her, but his eyes shifted about nervously, always returning to between her legs. She smiled, again running her tongue over her upper lip.
"Go ahead, you can look," she said. "I don't mind - I want you to."
She spread her legs wider, causing her the outline of her panties to become visible through the body clinging fabric of her stretch pants, clearly outlining her well-defined pussy. She giggled when she saw him blushing.
"You like to look, don't you?" she said, turning her head slightly and smiling at him with her lips parted, watching his excitement rise as he stared hungrily between her legs. She began to move her knees together and apart, swaying them back and forth.
"It gets you hot when you can look up a girl's skirt, doesn't it? Especially when you can get a good look at her panties. You love that, don't you? Maybe I'll wear a skirt next time and let you look, maybe I'll take off my panties and let you see my cunt."
He nodded slowly, mesmerized by her tease. She giggled and kept her legs spread for him.
"His eyes widened as he took in the sight of her lying back, legs fully spread as he looked she encouraged him,
"I'll bet your going to think about this later tonight, in bed. There's no need to wait, we both know what your going to do. Go ahead, you can do it now" she said as she ran her hand up and down her thigh.
"Go ahead, you can do it, I don't mind - I want you to." she said teasingly.
He began to move his hand over his crotch..
"That' s it, take it out and show me how you do it to yourself." She said as she joined the tip of her thumb to the tip of her fingers, creating an open fist the she moved up and down to encourage him to stroke his cock.
"You look really hot," he said as he unzipped his pants "I couldn't stop thinking of how good it felt for me to rub my cock against your ass at the party last night.."
"I'll bet you think of this when you jerk off later tonight." She said as she watched him stroke.
She looked on in satisfaction that she had succeeded in doing this so quickly. Sometimes her perverts were reluctant to masturbate openly at first and had to be slowly seduced. With men like that she'd often give hand jobs a few times before she'd get them to take over and get comfortable with accepting the fact they were masturbators. But this had gone smoothly, a promising start, that had her contemplating creating a research plan for her newest subject. She reached down to the side table taking a few tissues from the box in her hand. She leaned over, reached down with the tissues in her hand and wiped the come off his cock, leaning forward and kissing him on the lips, while drying the cum off his cock. After kissing him as she pressed her body against his.
Although she knew she herself was a pervert she liked to think of herself as a therapist to masturbators who suffered from a growing sexual hunger that tormented them but was never satisfied.
She never permitted these men to have intercourse with
her. Instead she would tease them. Her treatment for their sexual pathology required her to create needs and desires for what was always held just out of reach. Sometimes she gave these perverts exquisite pleasures with her hands, or mouth, but more often she made them do it for themselves as she teased and watched.
Although her sessions with the men granted them temporary relief, what mattered most was that it be done in such a way that somehow increased their need for more. Even after explosive orgasms, when they were at home in bed alone or with their girl friends or wives, they would soon be experiencing that insistent nagging between their legs, a need for more of the tantalizing tease only she could give them.
"That's it, time to go." She said as stood up and reached for his hand, helping him up.
She then got up and took the cups into the kitchen, when she came back he asked if he could use the bath room, and he got his coat on, still seeming in a state of shock at what had just happened.
She pulled his body close to his and pushed her thigh against his crotch.
"Did you enjoy yourself tonight?" she asked in deep sexy whisper.
She could feel him moving back against her and she knew that though he had cum just minutes ago he would need to cum again soon.
"I had a wonderful time." he replied, beginning to rub himself against her thigh.
"I give you permission to think of me later when you jerk off" she said as she steered him toward the door.
When she opened the door he moved to kiss her. She allowed him to kiss her and feel her breast beast through her blouse. As he did this she reached down and felt his cock through his pants, she could tell it was beginning to stir, using her hand she firmly pushed against the hardening cock to move him out the door while whispering in sultry voice, "hurry home so you can jerk it off."
V. The Neighbor
After closing and locking the door she went to the living room, picked up the cum soaked tissues, shut the light and headed to the bathroom where she threw them in the toilet, undressed and showered, dried the water off her naked body and went to the bedroom and put on a gown, not bothering to put on underwear, she put on the red light on her lamp and lied back on the comfortable chair facing the window.
Her bedroom window did not give a view of the Manhattan skyline, instead it faced the drab wall of a nearby building. Within minuets the light in the window of the building across the way went off and a less then a minute later the late on the room next door went up and the shade went up. Sitting there was the man who lived in that apartment. The relationship had begun about a year ago. A relationship based on voyeurism, exhibitionism and mutual masturbation. She had no desire to change that relationship. Once he recognized her on the street and tried to start a conversation, but she simply smiled and said, "see you later."
He got the message. He'd passed her twice since and merely smiled and nodded to acknowledge her. Watching each other masturbate was what this relationship was based on, he accepted it and from watching the cum spurt from his cock all these nights she knew how much he enjoyed it.
She leaned back in her chair and undid her robe, letting it fall open so he could see her naked body: her breast and the bush of curly hair the formed on her pussy were clearly visible to him. She began by playing with her nipples, gently pulling, squeezing and rubbing them for her own pleasure as well as his. As she did this he pulled his pants down and took his cock in his hands, also pulling, squeezing and rubbing it, making it hard so they both could enjoy each other. She looked him in the eye as she slid her hand down her breast and stomach to her soaking pussy. She plunged a finger, then two into her cunt and used he palm to rub against her clit as she pushed her fingers in and out so he could watch.
She was so turned on by all that had transpired on her date that her first orgasm happened within seconds of the time her hand rubbed her clit. It wasn't just the physical touching, but her state of arousal that was building all day and was pushed over the edge at the sight of seeing her neighbor stroke his cock fueled her lust. As she continued to finger and rub her clit images flashed in her mind of her date jerking his cock while he stared at her body, the look in his eyes as he jerked off. She remembered the excitement she felt as her ass ground against her cock at the party, and she came again as she remembered how she felt seducing and masturbating the man on the subway, then she flashed on the images of the scene earlier that day in her office and fantasies of how she get David to do her bidding that pushed her over the edge again causing her to have a series of tiny orgasms in succession....
As these thoughts danced across her head and she recovered she saw her neighbors body lift from the chair, she could make out the spurting cum from his cock and saw his cum covered fingers and he reached for a box of tissues that she knew he kept there just for them. She blew him a kiss, got up, drew the shades, turned the ringer off on her phone, activated her clock radio, got into bed and gently drifted off into a content sleep.
FINI