I woke up with the front door open and closing, my parents morning chatter continued while they got inside the car. My dad turned on his old Volvo and my mom put the gift to her sisters gift in the backseat before getting into her seat in the front. My aunt had just turned 57, and the family were going to have a birthday lunch. My parents had asked me to join with the rest of the family but as you can imagine, that wasn't the most exiting idea for a 18 year old boy.
Nah, I wanted the day to myself.
I've just finished school and, like many other young Swedish graduates, wanted to take a few weeks of just pure vacation before the weight of looking for a job or something would kick in. I'd made some planes with my friends later this weekend but for today I would be all alone. I heard my parents drive away from the house and the calm of the morning returned. Some morning birds were signing not far from here, and I even could hear the horses neigh from the farm across the field.
I let out a morning gasp as I opened my still tired eyes. Me and my family had a summer house a few hours from Stockholm, and we mostly spend our days there when I was younger usually when I finished school. My boy room still had a lot of old stuff from when I was a kid, toys, plushies, books etc. One day I would have to either throw it away or donate it. Anyway, I was looking at my old clock next to the bed, 07:27... I groaned and turned away from it, laying on my left side and pulling my sheet over my head. "Too early!" I thought and scratched my right buttcheek.
I started to sleep naked a few years ago, mainly because it felt better to me but also to not always have a hard tent in my boxers every morning. Like all the guys of the world, I would always sprout a morning wood every morning. But I realized, before deciding to sleep in the nude, that during the night I always produced a lot of precum in my sleep. The front of my underwear was always drenched in it, looking as if I cummed three or five times in them. That's why I decided to sleep naked, also so that my mom or my dad would not discover my underwear in the wash as well.
My penis had somewhat retracted my foreskin and my wet head was poking into the mattress. Of course, my mind wandered to it and my right hand went to it by pure instinct. I pulled the foreskin a little, scratched under my balls and pubes before stopping. An idea sprung up in my head!
I pulled the sheet of my naked body and got up, my dick slapped against my legs as I opened the door and headed to the bathroom. I obviously would have put something on if my parents were home, but I wanted to make the best of this opportunity. It was a little hard to piss in my state right now, and I had to squat a bit so I could point my dick straight down the toilet. After flushing I washed my hands and looked into the mirror. I was quite tall, around 1.86m, and slim with little body hair on my chest but it all concentrated around my dick and armpits. I've always thought my dick looked a little funny, it was both long but slim at the base but the closer the head the girthier it became. The head was almost like a heavy weight pulling the penis down with it, and my balls were just as long and heavy.
My dark blond hair was all over the place so I took a little water to splash it and my face, before going back to my room to put on my clothes for jogging. I started to do morning runs during school weekends a few months back, but now I wanted to make it a routine since school was over. Putting on a plain black t-shirt, some white socks, reluctantly putting on my old underwear and running shorts I went down the stairs to the kitchen. I would take breakfast when I returned, now was time to get some sweat!
After putting on my running shoes and a old cap, I got my keys got out and locked the house. The morning sun was traveling quickly up the sky, and there was a thin sheet of damp over the grass and leaves on the trees. I took a breath, filling my lungs with the air straight from mother nature, before starting to run.
During my years out here, I remembered there were a small mountain into the near forest where me and my parents went to time to time to have picknicks. I remembered it was quite secluded, with a nice view over the treetops. I had the day before went out there to see if it was still "easy" to get to or if nature had completely taken over it. I did see a way up there before turning back to the main path. Today I would climb to the top of it again, just as I did as a kid!
This small mountain was roughly 40 minutes away from our house, making a good time for a run. I went past first a few of our neighbors' houses, many of them were still asleep I'm sure, before going of the main path to a smaller path that went straight into the thick green forest. After a few more minutes I started to sweat a little, but I picked up the paise, the forest was humid so after a few more minutes I sweated a lot. A few insects got attracted to me as I ran so, I had to swat them with my hands and cap. As the sun grew higher to the sky it became hotter and hotter, and I only became sweatier and sweatier. Once I recognized I was close to the mountain, I could feel how my t-shirt was sticking itself to my skin. I turned off the path and got ran straight into the trees and after a minute or two I was at the foot of the mountain.
You had to look very carefully to see the top of it, but I knew it didn't grow any trees there so I would be completely exposed up there. I found the little natural path to get up there, watching careful my steeps so I didn't steep on a snake or lose stone. The climb was however relatively easy, and I found myself quickly on top of it. As I said, it didn't grow trees up here only a few shrubs and there was a lot of both big and small boulders scattered around here. This could've easily been a look out post during the Stone or Viking age. You could see a few miles in every direction, yes it was mostly the top of trees, but I did manage to spot the sea in the horizon. It was going to be a hot day so many families and tourist would've probably started to go down there by now. But not I, at least not yet.
I had started to fantasy about being naked outdoors for a while but never acted on it. The last time I was completely naked outdoors must've been when I was a kid and my mother helped me to change into my swimming trunks. To my knowledge, none of my friends had done anything either by their own or with their girlfriends outdoors. I've been single since 14, and even then, all we did was "kissing", so I was for better or worse a virgin and never had a real girlfriend.
I took a few steeps until I was roughly at the center of the viewpoint and stretched my arms out towards the blue sky and let out a sigh. I finally arrived at my destination! I stood there for a minute, listening.
Birds, wind, some far away tractor, quietness.
I took off my wet cap and it feel to the grown. I ruffled my hair and swiped my bangs to the side before taking off my drenched t-shirt. A small gust of wind came straight at me, as if mother nature knew what I was planning to do and tease me for a quick second, I shivered as I hanged my t-shirt on one of the closest boulders to let it dry. I proceeded to take off my shorts and threw them at the same boulder before looking around again to be sure I was alone and that I didn't hear anything before taking off my black boxers. They were too stuck to my skin after the run, and I could see that my dick was pressed against my ballsack as I pulled one leg over the edge of my boxers. They were very damp, so I placed them to on the same boulder as my shirt and shorts.
Taking a few steeps again I went back to my original pose, arms to the sky, but this time completely naked. Well almost. At first, I didn't want to take off my shoes and socks since there were a few sharp stones scatter around here. "Ah, what the fuck!" I said loudly and took both the shoes and socks off. NOW I was completely naked, and it felt amazing!
I stood there completely still and exposed and just let the sun kiss my body with its rays, and the wind caress me, making my dick sway a little with every gusts. Naturally he started to wake up, and I could feel every few seconds it being filled with blood and soon it started to point upwards. I looked around me and saw a bigger boulder a few meters away from where I stood, if I was right, I could possibly lay on it and still have a little space over. I walked carefully to it, watching for sharp stones, and seeing my hard dick swaying with every steep I took. I watched for snakes before getting on the boulder on all fours and then turned before I put my whole back against it.
I placed my left hand behind my head, getting a whiff from my armpit, and started to slowly touch lightly on my chest. My nipples were a little hard as I passed my fingertips over them, I reached down my stomach feeling around my navel and let my fingers travel down the hair string that would then turn to be my pubic hair. I avoided to touch mu hard penis at first, letting my finger explore around it, feeling and tugging the thick hair, going down to my ballsack. Feeling both of my hairy balls in my hand before turning my hand back and up to my face. I smelled the smell of a sweaty dick and balls on my fingers, but I didn't care since it was the smell of me. I put a few fingers in my mouth before turning my attention to my penis.
It was laying hard against my stomach, right under the navel. My foreskin had retracted a little so I could see the pee slip on my thick head. I took my wet fingers around the head and slowly retracted the foreskin fully and exposed my head to the sky. It was a little red and purple and it was a little wet from getting exited. I let out a sigh as I pulled my foreskin over it to then retract it again, now glistering in pre cum, and then again, and then again. I started to masturbate but was careful to not to go to fast, I wanted to take my time with it. My left hand went from letting my head rest against it, to pull my left nipple at first. Then it went down and started to massage my left ball and I let my middle finger to massage my taint. My sighs started to become loud moans as my right hand went up and down my erect penis. My knees were up, and I could feel my ankles against my butt. I felt my asshole being exposed to mother nature, and I took my left middle finger in my mouth to then let the tip of it massage around it. I didn't want to finger fuck myself; I only wanted to feel and massage my asshole as I continued my masturbation session.
I was on top of that boulder for a while, not a care for the world. All that mattered was me and the amazing pleasure I was feeling right now. I started to feel my sperm wanted to erupt from my penis soon, so I started to hard fuck my hand. My left had gone from my asshole to pulling on my balls as I started to moan ever louder. Smacking sounds filled the so once calmly surroundings, from my hand and sometimes from my ballsack against my ass. 1... 2... I started to yell. 3... and both thick and long streams of fresh sperm erupted from my penis. The first landed on my chest, the other one next to my right, the third on my left shoulder, the fourth next to my left hip and the fifth and sixth on my pubes and my hand.
I let go of my cock and lay my arms over my head, my legs fell down and I was there like a starfish. I was still moaning as I felt the sensation started to slowly drift away, my dick was still hard with the exposed head against my stomach as I closed my eyes for a few minutes.
The feeling was amazing, newly masturbated, naked out in nature. This same feeling must our ancestors have felt when they were out of the caves I thought to myself. I opened my eyes when I felt the sperm that landed on my to run down my body to the boulder. I got up to my feet, stretched my arms and shoulder before jumping down to the ground to get my cloths. I wanted to do one more thing before though, I got next to the boulder and took again my right hand on the shaft on my now semi hard penis and started to piss. I let pointed my penis all over the ground, marking my territory I thought to myself.
My cloths were still wet from my run, so I decided to run shirtless back to my house, I shook each garment into the air just in case there had come a tick or something, especially my boxers, before putting the on again.
I used my shirt now as an extra tool to swat away the irritating mosquitos my way back. When I got home, I took a well deserved shower and ate some breakfast, I did decide I would do this morning routine as often as I could. Maybe next time I could even run in the nude?