As my wife and I talked about taking a beach vacation, she told me to choose a beach and surprise her. My wife is very conservative however she has always enjoyed doing things for me that she knew were a turn on. I knew that she would have issues with going to a completely nude beach, but thought that she may enjoy a topless beach if I could get her there and put her in the environment that made her comfortable.
I have always thought my wife was beautiful and had the most beautiful breast and i love for her to show them off even though she was hesitant to do so. She has beautiful brown hair and she tans so dark that you would think she is a model for tanning lotion.
So I did my research and decided to book a vacation to the French side of Saint Martin.
We decided since we were going to the islands we would take a month before we left to spend time in tanning beds so that our skin would not burn. As the trip approached my excitement was more than you could believe.
So on the flight down I started explaining that in Saint Martin many of the women chose to go topless and it was perfectly legal and normal there. I ask her what she thought? She turned her head and looked at me and said I don't know, we will have to see when we get there.
As we arrived in Saint Martin we got to the hotel and I could not get the baggage to the room quick enough so we could get on the beach. We still had plenty of sunlight left in the day.
I had bought her several bikinis for the trip as she let me select her wardrobe that she would wear while we were there. She asked me which bathing suit I wanted her to wear and I chose the white one to show off her beautiful tan and it also showed off her breast the best.
As we made our way down to the beach I was scanning the area to see if there were women topless at this beach. And immediately you could tell about 30% of the women were topless. So we made our way down to some lounging chairs and I asked her if she wanted anything from the bar, she said no just a bottle of water. So I went to get me a drink and her water and when I came back she was lying facedown and had already undone her top. You can only imagine how initially aroused I was seeing my wife even though face down already feeling comfortable enough to undo the top of her bathing suit. As I walked up to our chairs I handed her her water and sat in the chair beside her. She asked me if I had noticed that several women around her were topless, and I said of course it would be hard not to notice. So I ask are you comfortable with this? To which she responded are you comfortable with this? I said oh yes this is definitely my fantasy. We sat and talked for what seemed like quite a while but probably about 15 minutes or so and she asked if I was OK if she turned over. My heart was pounding out of my chest and I could feel the swelling in my crotch as I said you don't know how excited the thought of that makes me. We continued in conversation as I sat there watching the sun beating down on my wife's beautiful body, her breast and her puffy nipples raised up from the warmth of the sun and maybe just maybe her being a little aroused by what she was doing.
As we sat there talking there was a couple walking down the beach, enjoying their conversations and it was so natural as she walked and talked topless. My fantasies would run wild thinking how I would love my wife to do that. After a little while I told her I was getting hot from the sun I needed to get in the water and did she want to come with me? But she said she was not quite ready for that yet.
The next morning I could hardly wait to get out of bed to get down and get breakfast and head to the beach. So we got up dressed for the beach and headed to breakfast around 7:30 AM. I could hardly eat I was so excited about what the day might bring. As we got to the beach we were the first ones out so we claimed our spot and grabbed a couple of chairs and got an umbrella to set up for the day. As we got all of our beach things situated I could not believe that when i turned around she had already taken her bathing suit top off and was walking around her chair situating her towel and prepared for soaking up the morning sun. I could not believe my eyes that we were in a tropical paradise and my wife that is so conservative had left all of her inhibitions at home. I asked if she wanted to go play in the water and she immediately said yes. As we played around in the water people started to come to the beach. I knew at this point she would probably get uncomfortable and want to get back to our chairs. So not wanting to spoil the trip I ask do you want to get back to your chair now? And unbelievably she said no it's fine we're good.
As we eventually started back to sit down there we're probably about eight couples who had sat down not too far from where our chairs were set up. I noticed that a couple to our right and another to our left were already topless and I could not help but watch the eyes of the men who were already seated as my wife walked towards her seat. They could not take their eyes off of her. It was everything and more that I have ever thought it would be. Watching my wife with her beautiful breast exposed and seemingly not caring. I had to ask if she had noticed that she got quite a bit of attention as we were walking to our chairs? But she said she really hadn't paid attention.
Oh what a start to our Vacation.
As the days went by I could hardly believe how comfortable Brooke got with her breast being totally exposed on the beach. When the waiters would come around I would have to order something just so I could enjoy her carrying on a conversation with her breast just out there and not even attempting to cover them up. Once the weekend got here the beach got really crowded, There were literally chairs within an arms reach in every direction. I can't explain it but it was as if she had always been topless at the beach. Brooke's tan by now was the best on the beach, her confidence was exploding as she seemed so relaxed. She would get up and walk to the water by herself as I would sit back and enjoy her beauty and also enjoy watching all the men on the beach watching her walk back and forth.
As our time was coming to an end I hated thinking about going home. I couldn't believe that my fantasy had become a reality. She still says she only did it for me, but reality, the sex was constant and she has always loved sex but this was another level. You could tell how much she enjoyed being looked at and how her nipples would grow when she saw men watching.
Next posting after our next trip, to be continued.