Walking naked is something that I've done for some time now. Mainly because I simply enjoy being outdoors and as nature intended, so completely butt naked. Then I guess, I also do it because I like the fact that someone could see me walking or see me in a field or woods lying down naked. Mind you, to date my being seen or knowing that people have seen me is limited.
While I'd been out just normally walking, so clothed instead of nude, I'd found a stretch of canal that didn't seem to have many folks walking along it. It was easily accessed from a set of steps at the side of a secluded bridge and I knew that it went for quite a way before it came anywhere near any houses. So I made the decision that I'd return and that I'd go down the canal nude.
On the morning of my canal trip the sun was out. It was mid morning so I could already feel that today was going to be hot. I simply put on shorts and a t-shirt, trainers on and a small bag on my back and I was off. The drive to where I could access the canal saw me realise that it was a hot day with plenty of people about - maybe I'd get caught, maybe I wouldn't. Ah well, I'd decided that I was going and I wasn't really going to be put off.
Parking the car I walked the short distance to the canal. Slipping down the side of a road bridge, via the steps, I was then on the canal tow path. If I'd have turned right I'd have picked up a trail that is well used by walkers. Instead I turned left to the section of canal that I'd walked before. I passed a couple of locks and didn't see another person. I even passed the old lock keepers cottage and there was no one around.
When I reached the next lock I looked round. Not a soul in sight, just the sound of birds singing and the odd train on a railway line that was some distance away. Thinking that this was the right time I slipped off my shorts and t-shirt and put them in my bag. The sun was warm on my skin and I now carried on naked.
I could feel my balls swing in their sack and my cock moving from side to side as I ventured further along the tow path. Still no one in sight and I took the decision to lay in the sun. Usually I'd have just lay on the grass but canal locks have lock gates and I decided that I was going to lay on one of the arms of these - a ready made sun bed. They're large enough to lay on and I simply lay back and felt the sun caressing my skin.
I'm not sure how long I'd been lying there. I do know that I'd been asleep and that nothing had woken me. That was until I heard a cough and a ladies voice.
"Excuse me."
I sat bolt upright, forgetting that I was naked I looked at her.
"Sorry, did I startle you?"
As I looked I could see her, she was about 5 feet 6 inches tall with long dark hair, middle aged wearing a thin white t-shirt and shorts. She was attractive and didn't seem phased by my being nude.
"Sorry. I didn't think anyone would walk along here."
"Don't worry about it. You seem to be enjoying the sun."
She looked me up and down and starred at my cock which I could feel begin to stiffen as I looked at her.
As I looked at her I could see that her nipples were poking through her t-shirt. She caught me looking and laughed as she walked over.
"I guess you want to see what's underneath, do you?"
"Well" I said and before I could finish she had taken her top off. Her boobs were pert and quite large, with large pink nipples. I stood up and she walked up to me. I could smell her perfume. Looking me up and down she started to take my cock in her hand and slowly she rubbed her hand up and down its length.
"Very nice."
She then took her attention to cupping my balls and feeling them.
"You feel very full."
She went back to rubbing my cock before she then bent over and grabbing my cock at the base of my shaft she started to suck it. I could feel it harden in her mouth as she worked her lips on it. She went back to rubbing my cock pulling my foreskin back to expose my bulging tip. Then her mouth was back round my cock again as she used her right hand to caress my shaft as she sucked my hard length. Her head was going backwards and forwards as sucked and teased my cock. With her free hand she cupped by balls and squeezed them. I looked down and saw her dark hair going backwards and forwards as she pleased me.
She moaned as she slurped on my thick, hard cock. I wanted to taste her but she was engrossed in my cock. Slurping and teasing it. I could feel my balls tighten but I wasn't going to cum yet.
She pulled my cock out of her mouth, teasing the tip with the tip of her tongue, flicking it round.
She stood up and I teased her nipples with my tongue. Feeling them stiffen when I gave them some attention.
She moved away and undid her shorts. Dropping them to the ground. I could now see that she had no underwear on.
Before I knew it she was bent over the arm of the lock gate that I'd been sunbathing on. I moved behind her and dropped to my knees. I could see her pussy so I parted her lips and started to flick my tongue round. She moaned as I licked her swollen lips and flicked my tongue onto her clit. Using my thumb I rubbed her clit as well. I could taste her juices and she moved her arse back so that she could feel more of my tongue inside her.
I could feel her put her hand between her legs to tease her clit as I lapped away at her pussy.
A mixture of her teasing herself and my licking her juicy pussy saw her shudder as she came to a climax. I stood up and taking hold of her hips I guided my stiff cock into her waiting pussy. I could feel her pussy lips almost clamp around my throbbing cock.
Slowly I started to rock my hips backwards and forwards, thrusting my hard cock into her wet hole. I could hear her boobs as they slapped together as we fucked. I pulled her hair into a pony tail and gently pulled it backwards, she whimpered as I did this and I pushed harder into her. I wanted her to feel my cum jet inside her waiting hole.
She moaned as my throbbing cock filled her.
"Fuck me hard, I want to feel you."
I pushed harder and harder enjoying the feeling of my cock being clamped inside her swollen pussy lips. Her moans got louder the harder I pushed and I must admit that I had forgotten where we were. Both of us lost in the moment.
"Come on, fuck me harder."
I really started to push my hips backwards and forwards, my balls slapping on her firm arse, almost in rhythm with the slapping of her tits as we both fucked. I could feel my cock tense and my balls tighten. She suddenly moved away and then dropped to her knees.
"I want to taste you, so cum in my mouth."
I held my cock by her open mouth as she looked up at me. I rubbed my cock to finish myself off and jets of thick, white cum landed on her tongue and her chin. She swallowed my load and wiped the cum from her chin with her hand before licking it off.
Standing up she started to get dressed as I sat on the lock gate arm.
"You know how to please a woman. What are you going to do now?"
"I think I'll get back to my sunbathing. What about you?"
"Well, firstly I'm going to leave you my number and then I'm going home. I'll be expecting your call. Enjoy your sunbathing."
With that she wrote her number on a scrap of paper and then walked away back the way she had come. I sat and watched her as she disappeared into the distance.
Did I call her? That would be telling. Maybe another time I'll let you know.