(This is a sequel to https://www.literotica.com/s/moo.)
Moo, the gargantuan-breasted hucow superheroine, did not just fight crime. She was a generous and compassionate soul, and helped where she could. When she heard on the news that a village deep in the jungle was suffering from famine and a relief convoy would not get there in time, she immediately took flight to come to their rescue, with her enormous udders dangling below her voluptuous body, naked except for her usual horned cow mask and the cow tail attached to her butt plug.
After hours of flight, dribbling milk along her path and dodging a couple of jets along the way, she finally found the village, which seemed to consist of about 20 primitive huts and a couple of larger structures, one of which seemed to be a sort of barn. As she descended to a central clearing that might be a sort of town square, she saw a number of gaunt brown-skinned villagers slumped weakly against their huts, with a few standing to stare up at her. She knew that this was probably the first time they had seen a tall, muscular naked white woman with enormous breasts--and flying, no less. Her udders bounced gently as her bare feet hit the dirt, and she quickly assessed the situation. There was no time to lose!
She started with a simple "Hi, there! I'm Moo, and I'm here to feed you!" Of course the little brown people did not understand English, and just stared at her blankly. She mentally smacked herself in the head, and sighed. Of course they did not understand her; she would have to be more obvious. She briskly walked over to a short, skinny man standing near her, her breasts bobbing and her fleshy ass jiggling delectably as she went.
She gently grabbed the man's face, guided his mouth to her left nipple (which was about level with his head), and squirted some milk into his mouth. He quickly got the idea, and started sucking ravenously, breaking away only to call out excitedly to the other villagers. A mature woman with breasts withered with starvation, and wearing only a loincloth, came running over to grasp at her right nipple, and started drinking Moo's milk just as thirstily, as Moo smiled and mooed softly down at the hungry pair she was nursing.
Soon the rest of the villagers had formed two lines in front of Moo, desperately waiting their turn at the fountains of sweet, life-giving milk. They were surprisingly well-behaved, and Moo only had to snap at them once when an adult tried to shove a little girl out of the way. It took Moo hours, but eventually everyone in the village had a belly full of milk, and some had gone back to their huts to rest. She waited patiently, and when the villagers were ready for another meal, she was ready for them.
By now some of them were strong enough to help her, and Moo had them bring over several large bowls that the villagers probably used for cooking. She placed the bowls in front of her, knelt, sat back on her feet, and pushed her udders forward, offering them up with her hands, and looking up at the villagers' faces expectantly. They soon got the idea, and Moo moaned softly in pleasure as several pairs of surprisingly strong hands steadily squeezed her teats and milked her into each bowl in turn. The village must have had cows at one time, she concluded, since these people obviously knew their way around an udder.
The rescue convoy would not arrive for another week, and Moo knew they would be overjoyed when they got here and found living villagers instead of corpses. She was planning to stay until then anyway to make sure these little guys got back on their feet.
And so Moo kept nursing them back to health and feeding them over and over again. It warmed her heart to see them get stronger and their flesh start to fill out from Moo's almost supernaturally nutritious nectar. The topless women's boobs were looking better, too, and they might even be able to nurse their own babies soon. After the first day, she started to get into milking position on all fours, to make it easier for them. It was probably closer to what they were used to when milking cows, anyway. She would stay in that position for hours, until they had all the milk they could use from her bountiful udders.
They were all definitely getting more comfortable with her presence, affectionately petting her head as she was milked, and gently stroking her udders, her soft belly, and her plump rump. They also seemed to admire her strong thighs and calves, muscular from a lifetime of carrying the great weight of Moo's udders. This was really nice, Moo thought, enjoying the affection from the people she had come to save. Maybe she should do stuff like this more often. She wondered what these little guys were saying about her to each other, though.
The children seemed especially fascinated with her tail, probably because a cow's tail was supposed to come out of the base of its spine, and not its asshole. Some of the bolder ones would sneak up behind her and yank on it, running away giggling when she yelped. (Fortunately, her butt plug was solidly embedded, and it would take more than a little pulling to get it out of her rectum.) The adults would chide them, but did not seem too upset about the game the children were playing with their new cow, probably because the white cow didn't seem to mind too much, and even smiled at the children indulgently as they skipped away. The villagers seemed to be getting used to seeing her on all fours, too; they always seemed a little startled when Moo stood up and walked away on two feet.
She was spending her nights in a stall in the old barn, now empty of cows (except for her, of course). She had been offered a sleeping mat in one of the huts that first night, but it was way too small for her Amazonian stature. After a few nights, she was startled to feel a man with an erection crawling into the stall with her and trying to turn Moo's much heavier body over onto all fours. She was amused -- these guys really must be feeling better -- and cheerfully accommodated his strenuous efforts to fuck her doggy-style. Climbing onto her front for missionary position would have been a lot easier for the poor little guy. Fortunately, he had a full-size cock, he kept hammering away at her like an Energizer bunny, and she was soon able to orgasm herself. "That was a sweet thank-you," she told him.
Word must have spread about Moo's easygoing attitude in the dark, because she had more and more suitors the following nights, all anxious to thank her doggy-style. She didn't want to insult their hospitality, and did her best to pleasure them all one by one. She was here for charity, after all! At one point somebody's wife came in and started screaming and kicking the poor man while he was still inside Moo. Moo was a little embarrassed, and also a little disappointed when he abruptly pulled out of her and ran out of the barn, chased by his furious wife. She quietly masturbated to finish herself off, and went back to sleep.
On her last day in the village, as she was patiently being milked again on her hands and knees, an animated argument was taking place among the villagers crowding around her. She was curious, but had no idea what they were arguing about. Eventually they seemed to come to some kind of consensus. Moo realized what it was all about only when the man she had first fed slipped a braided leather halter around her neck, and started to drag her toward the barn.
Startled, she froze for a second, until one of the village matrons struck her ass with a switch to get her moving. "Ouch! They must have confused me with a real cow, and they want to keep me. How sweet!," she thought with amusement, and decided to indulge her little friends. She obediently crawled toward the barn, the woman following behind her, her own brown breasts bobbing, and occasionally urging Moo along with the switch.
When she got to her stall, where they tethered her by the halter, she had trouble stifling her laughter (she didn't want to offend her hosts) when she saw a bowl of water and a pile of freshly plucked grass. They really did think she was a cow! They had probably never even heard of hucows before. At least they wanted to take care of her, even if she wasn't going to eat grass, even to humor them.
She lay down in the straw, stretching her lush body, and briefly considered what it might be like to be permanently adopted as the village cow. She would be appreciated, she'd get lots of petting, as well as frequent boinking, judging by recent events; and of course lots and lots of skillful hand-milking by those strong brown hands. Her little friends seemed like they would be considerate owners. Being livestock would definitely be a career change, but at least she wouldn't have to chase down supervillains anymore. She could just relax and enjoy life...
This pleasant daydream lasted until she heard a sizzling sound, and looked over to see a branding iron being heated in a brazier a few feet away, obviously intended for her tender ass. "Oh hell no!" she shouted, and jumped to her feet, easily snapping the leather tether. She resisted the urge to blast the villager holding the branding iron, and instead aimed her udders at the closest barn wall, blowing a huge hole in it with one mighty milk blast. Stepping through, she walked through a crowd of speechless villagers to the center clearing. "Bye! Sorry about your barn! Mooooo!" she cried, leaping up into the sky and flying away.
As she was flying back home, she wondered for some time what the villagers were going to tell the relief convoy workers about the strange white cow from the sky who had saved them. Maybe she would become a legend, passed down from generation to generation. She felt a little guilty, though, about stealing their cow. Maybe she'd come back some day, though they would have to have a talk about that branding iron.