I finally rolled myself out of bed after Ann went early to work. Rubbed my eyes and took a lot, hot, shower, tried to wake myself up. I skipped breakfast, intent on finishing up the staining I had to do on my sailboat.
Last year I purchased a 24 foot sloop that was in need of some TLC, and I wanted to do most of the work myself. In the past six months I'd replaced all the rigging, gotten the plumbing the small bathroom working, and last month I'd finished sanding all the wood work on the outside. Now all that was left was a coat of weatherproofing stain to finish her off, and she'd be ready for the lake. I thought some quiet mornings, breaking the glassy surface of the water with the wind in her sails would be great! Not to mention some cool nights rocking the boat with Ann in the moonlight! So I grabbed a can of stain and some rags from the garage and headed around the side of the house where it was parked in its trailer.
I got work swiftly and accomplished a lot in a short time. An hour or so later I was distracted by movement in the window just below the edge of the boat. This was the window leading to the "garden" shower of the lower floor master suite. This was Tina's shower window. As I peered in from my perch above her on the boat, I could see her standing in the cascading water as it flowed over her naked body.
She was apparently oblivious to me as I sat there, watching her. She stood in the water, as the warm water rushed over her body, and the sunlight illuminated her through the glass. She wet her hair in the stream as the water washed over those perfect, perky 34B breasts. She caressed her body lovingly as she enjoyed the warmth it spread over her soft skin.
My cock leaped to attention. It had been just yesterday when I we shared an intimate moment on the terrace of my office, but already her body had me salivating and throbbing hard in my jeans.
She spread some shampoo into her hands and stepped back from the water allowing her hands to run through her luxurious hair. When she raised her arms and arched her back, her breasts stood taught against her rib cage, staring straight out at me outside. She soft skin, pulled tight over her abs, and down to her bare mound. She stepped back into the water and continued running her fingers through her hair. The soap rinsed down her body, momentarily gathering in each little crease and crevasse in her flesh. As she ran her hands over her skin again, washing it all down her legs I felt my cock raging again, straining to be released from the confines of my denim.
I couldn't help myself, and I unzipped my pants there on the boat and yanked my cock out into the sunlight, slowly beginning to stoke my hand up and down the rigid shaft while watching Tina caress her body.
She poured soap unto a loofa and began soap and caressing every inch of her body, first her arms, and her chest, she spent extra time on her breasts, seeming to enjoy the sensations the rough sponge produced. She drifted down to her tight stomach, and over her hairless pussy. She spent a few extra seconds there, I noted her closing her eyes as she pressed the soapy sponge against her fleshy mound, eventually bending over and lathering up both her toned legs.
I was stroking faster now, I couldn't believe she had driven me to pleasure myself while spying on her. I sat now, in plain view, on the edge of my boat, looking at her through the glass as she stood up again, stepping into the water and rinsing her body off. As she cupped her breasts, she stopping rinsing and paid special attention to her nipples, pinching and gently twisting them as the water cascaded over her. Precum was now lubricating my hand as it pumped up and down on my hard cock.
One of her hands lowered between her legs, I saw, but couldn't hear, a moan escape her lips. She continued to work on one of her nipples as her other hand began stroking her clit. I was pounding my cock for her as she began furiously attacking her clit. She leaned back against the wall, still manipulating her body, her eyes closed in pure ecstasy, taking herself to her own orgasm.
My eyes couldn't leave the sight of her perfect body pleasuring herself. I wondered if she was thinking of me, as she had a few days ago in her room. Her mouth opened and I wondered if she was moaning my name. Her breasts were so perky and stood off her chest at attention, at the moment for her own manipulation and impending orgasm. I wanted to touch them; I wanted to slide my raging cock through them. Her legs spread wider as she stabilized herself in her precarious standing position as her hand rubbed her pussy continuously, she opened her mouth again, clearly moaning this time; she was so hot, I was ready to explode.
I was hammering on my cock now, nearly ready to cum focusing on her hand bringing herself to her own impending orgasm. Just then she stopped, I looked up from focusing on her hand at work on her crotch, she was staring right at me, and I froze. Cock in hand, I didn't move, neither did she, both of us shocked at being caught.
Oh Shit! I thought. Despite the fact that Tina and I had jump-started the sexual aspect of our relationship already, which was only yesterday! I wasn't sure how she was going to respond, as I sat there, in the bright sunlight, my hand still clutching my rock hard manhood wondering what the next few seconds would bring. Shock? Horror? Would this completely freak her out? Was that going to be it? All kinds of thoughts surrounding the impending doom of my new relationship with her vanished again as my cock throbbed hard in my hands, and my balls ached to be released.
I was close enough now that I didn't care and went back to stroking my cock in front of her, taking pleasure that she was now watching me. She stood motionless for a moment, intently watching me pleasure myself in front of her. Then slowly, she went back to work on her body while I watched her as well. We both gazed into each others eyes as we began to really show off for each other, no longer pleasing ourselves for our own pleasure, but actually doing it for each other now!
She rubbed her sweet cunt recklessly now as she pinched each of her nipples harder, I could tell she was moaning and panting hard. My own breathing increased as my own orgasm drew near. As I watched her I felt myself on the brink, and I stopped and held the head of my cock, aiming it right at her, and exploded. A thick stream of milky white cum shot forth from my cock, shooting 4 or 5 feet and landed on the top of the glass enclosure. I heard her squeal through the glass as she convulsed in her own orgasm. A few more streams of cum shot out of my cock and coated the window between us as she was enjoying the throes of her own pleasure.
When we were both spent, she turned off the water, and blew me a kiss, exiting the shower and disappearing from view. I tucked my cock back in my pants and lay back in the sunshine momentarily spent, enjoying the warm rays of the sun before getting back to staining the boat. I had a few more hours of work ahead and I wanted to finish before lunch. I wanted to take Tina out again; I wondered what she'd say to me after this morning?