Ch. 15
Master forces Fannie to endure extreme humiliation on the road to her big challenge!
Day 6 Continued..........
Only moments have gone by since my amazing orgasm. As we head down the highway I sit on a towel with my legs spread wide. My light blue panties are wet with my girl cum and can easily be seen by anyone in a vehicle high enough to look down upon them. Master played a game with me and had me masturbate to kill some time as he is driving me to New York City to test me as a slave in public. As I was on the verge of orgasm he would stop me time and time again until I couldn't take it anymore until I finally let loose with the strongest climax of my life!
We still have quite a ride ahead and Master has made no motion for me to lower my dress which is still bunched around my waist leaving my bare legs on display. My head is still spinning from thinking about what I have just done and what may lie ahead. My pussy is still tingling and my wet panties hug my shaved mound like a glove showing off my perfect cameltoe.
My mind began to focus on how I came to be in this situation and if it was normal to enjoy it as much as I do. Something came over me as became emotional and worried that, perhaps, there was something wrong with me. I sniffled a bit trying to conceal my feelings but I did want to speak with my Master. I just wish that he would allow me to talk to him but I dare not speak first as this would be improper for a true slave. Please Master, I wish to speak to you. Can you see me? I need to tell you something! It's no use. He doesn't notice.
I became depressed thinking about it and began to sob quietly. My eyes began to tear and I was looking away as I sniffled. The car was so quiet inside that Master could not help but hear me.
"Is something the matter Fannie?" He asked.
He called me by my name! I turned my face towards him and he could readily see the sadness on my face.
"Master can I talk to you about something?"
"Of course you may. We still have quite a drive ahead so feel free."
"Master is something wrong with me?" I blurted out as I started to cry in earnest.
"How do you mean?" he replied with a quizzical look on his face.
Now I don't know what it is about being in a car alone with someone but I always feel that you can open up and speak your mind on a one to one basis and feel comfortable about it.
"Ever since I was a young girl I have always had a strong need to orgasm often. In school I used to excuse myself and go the lavatory to masturbate almost daily. When I would return to my desk and passed the other students they would look at me and I could tell that they knew what I had done. My face would turn red with embarrassment but inside I would get aroused thinking that they knew what a dirty girl I had been. Inside, I think, that I wanted them to catch me. Oh that would have been so humiliating!"
"Later, when I married, I thought that I was over it and my husband would take care and keep me satisfied but even with daily love making I found that I would sneak away during work or slipping out of bed at night to get myself off in order to get to sleep. My vagina would get wet every day and I would always have to hide my panties to avoid being found out."
"I had always been faithful to my husband until last year when I was blackmailed and forced to perform lewd sex acts for a group of criminals. I found that as much as I acted like I was being forced to do these things I enjoyed it! The nastier it got the more I would get off on it. Even when they had me suck and fuck strange men in a video booth and walk outside in public covered in their semen I loved it!"
As we drive down the highway and I talk my mind is only focused on my story. I still have my dress up exposing my wet panties. My legs are still spread wide and we talk as though this is normal.
"So what's wrong with me Master? Why do I need sex so badly? Why is it that I no sooner cum and my body begins to crave the next orgasm? I don't know of anyone else that needs it as bad as I do."
"You are the lucky one. There are millions of women that can only dream of having the kind of libido that you do. You can enjoy the gift that your body offers several times a day and it makes you very special. You are a natural born slut and I don't mean that in a bad way. You can satisfy several men every day and you will enjoy it as much as each one that uses you for their pleasure. You need them as much as they need you. I am only here to prepare you for what is your future. I could tell on the first day that you chose the right path for yourself."
Master made me feel so much better. He eased my mind by telling me that I was born with a gift and not a curse. I felt special and was glad that we had this conversation.
We continued down the road in silence for a time as I regained my composure and watched the traffic. Master drove at a constant speed as I noticed a school bus up ahead that we were going to slowly overtake. The bus was in the lane to the right of us and as we got nearer I could make out the occupants to be from a local high school football team. I saw two young men sitting in the back seats through the glass emergency door in the back of the bus. They were facing each other in full uniform holding their helmets between their legs. They both wore white uniforms with shoulder pads making them look very large.
As we slowly approached I could see that they would look out of the back door as they talked and passed the time. I noticed that once they spotted me in the passenger seat they would focus on me more and more as we got nearer. I was sitting with my seat reclined a bit and all that they could see was a woman from the chest up but that is all that a young man would need to draw his attention. Little did they know what was in store for them when we got even closer!
It suddenly dawned on me just what was about to happen if we didn't change our course of action! Master kept approaching at a painstakingly slow rate which would put us beside a bus load of horny football players for a long time.
The two at the back of the bus were looking right at me as the front end of the car was now even with the rear of the bus. They could see my flowered dress now but we were not quite to the point where they could see my near naked crotch. I wished that he would step on the gas so that we could pass more quickly!
"MASTER?" Why doesn't he answer? He looks straight on as though he doesn't hear me and that nothing is about to happen!
We continue our approach dreadfully slow and I can see one of the boys looking directly into my eyes. He was "checking me out" and was hoping to see more. His wish was soon granted as the rear of the bus was now almost alongside my door! Suddenly one of the boys rises up from his seat to get a better view as my blue panties came into view. He said something to the other one and he too rose up to see.
They were now right beside me looking down at my soaked panties and spread legs. It took them a moment to figure out just what they were seeing when I could see their eyes open wide and a big grin on their faces. One of the boys put a hand to his mouth and shouted something to the rest of the bus. Suddenly complete bedlam developed throughout the bus as everyone was screaming and clamoring to the windows for a look.
I was so embarrassed that I turned away.
"Lock your hands behind your head and look toward the bus. Now I want you to give the boys a good smile. I want them to see just how much you want to show them your body. Show how you have been such a dirty girl that you wet your panties with your own cum thinking about them. Let them know how much you would love to have each and every one of them fuck you right now!"
It was all true! I needed him to make me realize it but although the embarrassment was overwhelming my cunt was tingling again even though it hasn't been very long since my last orgasm. Here I am only a few feet away from a bus full of horny high school athletes as they look down upon a mature woman openly displaying her wet pussy for their enjoyment! They wouldn't have had a better view if they were standing outside of my window!
My side window is now even with those of the last row of the bus. The windows open from the top down and only enough for a person to get their head or arms through one boy at a time. They were hanging out and screaming all kinds of lewd comments to me as I was forced to take it and just smile back. Master drove at a pace barely faster than that of the bus as we made our way from window to window allowing each and every student a perfect view.
My face was red with embarrassment as I forced a smile trying not to make eye contact with any one of them. I did not move to hide myself as my hands remained behind my head and my legs spread as wide as possible. We were now nearing the front of the bus and I was beginning to think that my ordeal was almost over.
"Now with your left hand I want you to pull your panties open and show them how wet they have made your pussy."
I quickly gave him a look!
"Do it now!"
I grabbed the material and pulled it to the side displaying my pink and swollen pussy to the boys in the bus. The sound was deafening as whatever screaming they were holding back was now let out. Being just a few feet away they could easily see my bald pussy and its slightly parted lips. They glistened with my fluid as I could not keep myself from juicing up or hiding my arousal. I held this position as we were coming upon the windows for the front seat.
"Now close your legs and lower your skirt. I don't want the bus driver to see you or he might cause trouble."
I quickly covered my pussy with my panties and lowered my skirt over my knees as Master sped away. The bus driver looked down but could only see a properly dressed woman and was probably wondering what all the fuss was about!
I could tell that Master enjoyed humiliating me as we drove in silence the rest of the way to the city.
As we arrived Master pulled into the parking lot of an upscale restaurant. The valet opened my door and greeted Master X as though they were well acquainted. The mater de greeted us at the front door as if they were old friends and sat us at the "usual" table. I began to understand why Master wanted me to be dressed conservatively as I was. It would not be fitting for him to be seen in this setting with a woman that was dressed like a slut! The only article of clothing that I wore was the slave collar which could have easily been considered just a minor Goth thing.
He had his "usual" lunch and ordered lobster bisque for me. We shared a bottle of wine and I must say that overall it was quite enjoyable. I truly felt like a lady unlike just a short time ago when I was ordered to disgrace myself in front of a bus full of young boys!
As we left the restaurant I realized for the first time that we were on Fifth Avenue in the heart of Manhattan. We strolled by expensive shops and I was thinking that I could enjoy this kind of lifestyle! Master turned and entered a store and almost lost me as I wasn't paying attention. As my eyes adjusted I could tell that it was a very large department store which catered to adults only. The entire first floor was clothing centered on risqué fashions. Everything from micro mini dresses to fetish wear could be found here. The second floor appeared to carry adult novelties and movies.
Master spotted a section titled "For the working girl." I was relieved when I discovered that it was a section for business women. The clothing that I saw on the racks was not exactly what I would consider required dress for most businesses however.
Master picked a few items off of the racks and had me model them for him. The one that he chose consisted of a very short pleated blue mini skirt with a matching blazer. He also picked out a white transparent button front blouse. The top buttons start nearly halfway down the front leaving ample cleavage showing. A pair of dark blue thigh highs topped with white lace completed the ensemble.
The white top was very sheer but the blazer did a good job of covering most of my breasts leaving the outfit acceptable, albeit borderline, for public wear. My time of modesty has now passed and I had a feeling that my new outfit will play a part in my slave test. I still wore my slave collar which was the only sign that I might be an owned woman. Master pulled the tags off of my clothes as I stood in front of the mirror. He had me gather up the dress that I wore into the store and follow him to the register where he paid and had the clerk place them into a bag.
I followed Master from the store carrying my bag. I felt that I looked pretty smart with my skirt and blazer except for the black pumps that I wore on my feet. I knew that he wouldn't allow me to go far without the proper footwear and it wasn't long before he led me to a high end shoe store.
He went right to the high heel area as the lone clerk took care of a customer. He picked up one and then another without asking me for an opinion. Finally the customers complete their transaction and leave the store as Master directs me to have a seat. As I went to sit down it dawned on me that I still wore the soiled panties and I knew that with the very short mini it would be hard for me to hide them from the clerk if he were to fit me with the new shoes.
"How can I help you?" The clerk asked as he looked back and forth between us for an answer. He was a thin middle aged man wearing horn rimmed glasses. Noticing Fannie's outfit he lit up and smiled.
Master pointed out several of the shoes that he had been looking at.
"I would like you to bring each of those shoes to try in sizes six, six and a half, and seven and if they come in more than one color we would like to try them too." Master spoke matter-of-factly as if it wouldn't be putting the clerk off at all!
"Sir, if I could just measure her it could save us all a great deal of time." He pleaded.
Master ignored the man and sat down next to me to wait as the man just lowered his head.
"Very good sir." He said softly as he headed toward the back room.
Master looked over to me and scanned my outfit.
"Remove your jacket."
I knew that if I did my breasts would be easily seen by anyone entering the store let alone the clerk!
"Yes Master." I replied as the jacket slid down my arms and off.
"Show me your dirty panties."
"Yes Master."
I raised the front of my skirt to allow him to view my crotch. My blue panties were still wet in the center however much of the perimeter has dried and stained white. Even though I was wearing them all day I could smell a strong musky odor emanating as soon as I raised my skirt. I know that Master X could smell it too and was afraid that he would be angered. My face turned beet red as I was embarrassed to let him see me like this.
"I would like you to keep your skirt up and touch yourself. Slide your panties to the side and masturbate for me. I want to watch you enjoying yourself to orgasm."
"But Master! Here?" I asked under my breath.
"If you make it before the clerk returns you can cover yourself. If he gets back too soon you will have to finish the job in his presence. Understood?"
"Yes Master."
Remembering what Heidi had told me about obeying orders I realized just what I had to do. If I could get it done quickly I might be able to get through without an audience. It had been more than a couple of hours since my last orgasm so I was behind schedule for the next.
Flipping the front of my skirt up I slumped down in my seat as my legs spread on instinct. I pulled the material of my dirty panties aside and quickly got my fingers busy between the folds of my pussy. I felt like a total slut with my cunt exposed as well as my tits displayed through my see-through blouse. Anyone walking by the store could look in the front window and easily see the show of debauchery that I performed for them.
This all had an effect on me of course as my arousal was heightened at the thought that I may be caught in the act of exposing myself while masturbating in public.
I buried the fingers of one hand between the folds of my hot and dripping cunt as I rubbed my clit with the other. My eyes were clenched shut as my excitement precluded any thoughts of shame. It did not matter to me at the time just who might see me or what they may think as all I wanted is to complete my task and cum as quickly as possible.
Master got up from his seat and stood directly in front of me partially blocking the view from the street. He watched as I buried three fingers of one hand deep inside of me while rubbing my clit with a vengeance with the other. My ass slid farther down the seat and my legs spread wider as I became overcome with lust nearing my climax. Finally I came!
"Oh Oh Oh Ohhhhhhhhhhhh Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
A small stream of my juice shot out onto the carpet in front of me as I squirted unexpectedly just missing Master's shoes by inches. I couldn't tell if I made enough noise to be heard from the back room but Master made a quick motion for me to sit up and cover myself. As I was straightening up the clerk appeared from the backroom behind me. He was carrying several boxes and rested his chin on the top box to help stabilize them. After walking around the row of seats he bent to put the boxes on the floor in front of me. In my haste I didn't have time to put my jacket back on. The clerk was now eye level with my breasts which were plainly visible through my sheer top. My nipples stood out straight as erasers! His eyes lit up like saucers and he lost control of the boxes as they tumbled to the floor scattering shoes all around.
Kneeling he quickly tried gathering up the shoes as he also tried to gather his composer. His eyes were almost transfixed on my breasts as he felt around himself for the shoes and stuffed them into whichever box was in front of him. He was patting the carpet directly in front of me when it happened! He felt something wet on his hand and brought it up to his eyes as he spotted my panties under my short skirt.
My face must have turned bright red as I was so embarrassed. He had to know what I did! The look of guilt on my face surely gave it away! I knew that he could see my wet and stained undies perfectly as well as smell my sex from his close proximity to them. A panicked look came upon his face as nobody wanted to be the first to speak.
Master broke the silence.
"She would like to try the calf high stilettos. I would start with the size seven."
"Y-y-yes sir." The clerk stammered as he quickly went through the boxes to find the correct boots.
He pulled up his seat and sat facing me. Sweat beaded on his brow as his hands shook uncontrollably. He took my left foot in his hand and raised it slightly to remove the pumps that I wore. My disgusting panties were right in front of his face as he had a hard time keeping his eyes from them. I was so humiliated that I had to look away while he began to slide the new boots onto my feet causing my leg to rise up even higher. My filthy panties were now on perfect display to a complete stranger as, I am sure, he was totally confused by this whole situation.
Here I am a well-dressed, if not scantily clad, woman shopping for shoes with a gentleman in his store in broad daylight displaying her breasts and wet panties to him without shame. Worst of all I was certain that he knew that I had played with my pussy while he was in the back room.
I stood up once the boots were on my feet and almost bumped into his face with my skirt covered pussy as I did. If he hadn't already smelled my strong scent of sex he certainly did now! I took a quick walk around the store to be sure the boots fit as both men watched my short skirt flip and my ample tits bounce inside of my top.
"We'll take them. You can throw her old shoes in the box and ring us up!" Master said as he clapped his hands together.
I quickly grabbed my jacket and put it on as the clerk fumbled with the money. He never said another word as he handed the change and receipt to Master X. We quickly headed out the door and down the busy street out of site. I believe that an owner of an upscale store like that must be very discreet as he caters to a high end clientele.
I must say that I felt much more at ease now that we were back on the street. I felt that I have handled each situation that I have been challenged with so far but it would be silly of me to think that there aren't more difficult tests for me ahead. I dare not think about what tasks Master has in store for me next but I am sure that I will soon find out! Continued............................
(Fannie must endure one last test and it will take all of her will power to make it through. She will be humiliated and abused by total strangers in a most dangerous setting. The ultimate test!)