My name is Ethan, I'm a 23 year old college transfer student from America. I recently moved to the UK on a transfer scholarship with my friends Davin and Lyle. While on our summer Vacation we were looking for things to do to get out of the apartment. Randomly Davin recommended...
"Hey fellas, the world naked bike ride is happening tomorrow, how about we go to that?"
Lyle and I looked each other confused. We chuckled and passed it off as a joke but Davin continued.
"Come on guys, let's get out there, ride our bikes through the streets of London in the buff. See some beautiful women while were at it."
"Won't Sally be mad at you if you do that?" Lyle questioned.
Sally was Davin's girlfriend who he had been going steady with for a few months now. I thought the same thing, but Davin quickly replied.
" How the hell do you think I know about it, she's the one who asked if we wanted to go."
That peaked my interest a little. Sally was a very fit, dark skinned, Hawaiian girl who Davin had met in one of his classes. I had a bit of a crush on her before he eventually asked her out first. So the idea of seeing her naked was pretty exciting. Lyle shut the idea down pretty fast though.
"Hell no, I won't go to that, I don't want to be seen naked by a bunch of strangers."
"Suit yourself man. Ethan how about you?" Davin questioned.
I looked back and forth from Davin to Lyle thinking about the idea. While I'm not sure how I feel about being seen nude in public. The idea of seeing Sally and a bunch of other pretty girls naked is pretty tantalizing.
After a second of considering, I answered.
"Let's fucking do It!"
(The Next Day)
The next day Davin and I woke up early and got ready to go to the ride. We each took a quick shower, put on some easy to get off clothes, and made sure we put on our backpacks to hold onto our clothes. We walked out of the apartment with our bikes and headed to the start area.
While riding there Davin had mentioned that Sally had invited her friend Claire to join. Awesome! While I had a crush on Sally, Claire was also super cute. She seemed to be a bit shy to me so I'm willing to bet she'll be clothes for the ride.
Eventually we reached the starting point for the ride. We got off our bikes and walked them through the crowd of undressing people. A lot of men and women stripping down to the underwear, but not any completely nude people so far.
until a gorgeous, 30 year old auburn haired woman, with a great curvy body, waved us down and guided us along.
"Hi boys, I'm Debbie I'll be one of the Marshals on the ride today, we'll be leaving here soon, so get ready!"
I'm glad Davin said something, because I was a bit speechless at the sight of this woman's body.
"Thank you Ma'am." he said so casually.
We walked away from the marshal. I looked behind at her behind seeing her butt jiggle with each step she takes towards another group of people.
My attention is taken away from her as a familiar voice is heard.
"Yoo-hoo boys"
Sally calls to our attention. I look over to her stripped totally nude. Oh my god. I'm seeing my friends girlfriend totally naked. I tried to keep my eyes respectful, but they gazed downward to see her beautiful breast shaking as she waved us down. My eyes going even further down to see her trimmed bush, obviously shaved a few days ago, but now having a bit of stubble.
My attention was taken away from her now seeing Davin out of the corner of my eye taking his clothes off. His pale bare ass blinding me as he approaches his girlfriend.
He goes up to her and kisses her, turning around calling me over.
I kick the stand of my bike, and felt like I should join in. I started taking my clothes off. Started with my shirt, then pulled down my shorts. While I stood there in my underwear my heart started beating heavily.
"I can't believe I'm doing this" my brain raced. "I'm about to get naked in the middle of a public park."
I slid off my underwear and packed it all in my backpack, there is no going back now.
I walked over to the couple.
"Well here we are." I remarked.
"Here we are indeed." Sally said very sensually, noticing that she is staring directly at my penis.
I had a larger penis than Davin, his being an average 3 inches flaccid, mine was 5 inches flaccid. However the excitement was getting to me and I was reaching 6 inches.
Sally hugged her boyfriend and kissed him. Right after calling me in to hug. I hugged her back, resting my hand on her back already feeling sweat from the heat. I worried how she would react to feeling my semi hard erection grazing against her bare leg, but she didn't seem to mind. As we pulled away from each other I accidentally had left a bit of pre cum on her thigh, without her noticing.
Davin laughed. "Don't leave me out of this."
He pulled me in for a bear hug. I tried pushing him away, but he pulled me in chest to chest. Our penises being pressed right against each other.
Sally giggled. "Okay Lover boys, here comes Claire."
I turn around seeing Claire walk towards us with her bike. Unfortunately not nude, but topless. Her breast bouncing with each step as she walks towards us.
I was a bit in awe of them being much bigger than I thought.
"Shall we get started?"
We each hopped on our bikes and lined up with the crowd. The whistles blew and we were off.
There we were riding our bikes totally naked through the streets of London. Crowds stood and stared at us, taking pictures and videos. However as I rode there with my friends, I didn't feel embarrassed. I felt free. Everyone was having a goodtime. Feeling open with their bodies. We waved at the crowd, stopping to take pictures with them when asked. It was a pleasant experience.
As we furthered through the path we came to a stop in a tunnel. I took my phone out of my backpack and couldn't get a signal, so put it back.
I was a feet behind my friends, the tunnel was pretty crowded and I could barley hear them, but could tell they were laughing.
My eyes started to wonder around the tunnel at the other riders.
To the left of me there was the curvy marshal, along with an older woman who looked to be her mother. To the right of me was a group of 5 college students, 2 very fit blonde girls, a chubby Burnette, a dark haired goth girl, and a their guy friend with a very small penis. Behind me was a very attractive couple playing with each others asses.
My attention was drawn back to my friends in front of me as Sally cheered on Claire.
In front of me I see Claire stripping from her panties. Her very pale, round, ass with a small mole on her right cheek is revealed in full.
As she tries slipping her panties off from her foot, she accidentally trips herself, causing her to fall on all her four. Landing her in a doggy style position, giving me a full view off her beautiful full moon and pussy.
As I stared at the once in a lifetime view, my excitement got the better of me and I grew a full erection in the tunnel.
I heard a gasp from the left of me, seeing the marshal shake her head in disappointment. Her mother however had her hand placed firmly on her crouch staring at my boner.
The college girls to my right pointing and giggling at my erect dick, the gut in their group's penis was starting to grow at the sight of my erection.
Embarrassed, I spun my backpack around to my chest to try and attempt to hide my boner.
"Having some trouble there."
I look ahead to see Claire standing in front of me.
"It's nothing, just guy problems," I said.
"Then you may need a female solution," She said.
I didn't know what she meant at first, but quickly learned.
Claire wrapped her hand around my erection slowly caressing it.
Shocked I looked at her.
"What are you doing?" I asked.
"Helping." she whispered.
Looking around the crowd around us were mixed with emotions. Some were shocked. Some were laughing, Some were turned on. Sally and Davin took out their phones and started filming and cheering.
I didn't know how to react, but she continued.
Claire Stepped over my bike and stood chest to chest with me continuing to stroke my cock.
With her hand she guided my cock between her legs. Rubbing the tip of my penis on her labia.
I gasped even louder as she moaned.
She closed her legs tight around my tip and gyrated back and forth, giving me a thigh job right there on the public street.
Lights began to flash as people took pictures and videos.
I couldn't believe what was happening, but it felt amazing.
She grabbed my hand and guided them to her ass, as I squeezed them.
Our thrusting became faster and faster and moaning became louder.
We looked into each others eyes until I eventually came.
Our breathing slowed as the crowed cheered.
She stepped out from my bike, cum dripping from her thighs.
"Here, I can get you a rag." I said.
"Don't worry about it." She laughed.
She walked over the her bike with cum still dripping from her legs and sat back on her bike.
The crowd began to ride again, and Claire rode the rest of the ride through London with cum dripping from her thighs.
I even heard some people from the crowd gasping "Is that what I think it is."
Eventually we reached the end point and everyone began getting dressed.
Claire finally grabbed a rag from her bag and wiped my cum from her legs.
We each started getting dressed again, and once fully dressed I approached her.
"Sorry about earlier."
She shushed me by kissing me on the lips.
"Don't worry about it hun, I liked it."
Her and Sally waved us goodbye and walked away form us.
Davin patted me on the back proudly.
Suddenly Claire called back to be.
"Oh, and Ethan."
I replied "Yeah".
"See you tomorrow in Brighton" She yelled.