This a true story that happened not long ago in the Caribbean.
I think it is important to read some of the earlier stories so you get an understanding of where this all began.
My wife Carla is a very beautiful, sexy woman in her early forties. She is 5 foot 7, with long legs, a narrow waist, flawless skin and firm breasts with large brown areola. Carla dresses very provocatively in short skirts and sheer blouses. She gets many compliments on her body and the way she dresses from both men and women. Carla had finished a professional photo shoot in the last few weeks in St. Martin.
We have two homes, one in Key West, FL. and the other in St. Martin in the Caribbean. I am in the healthcare software business and can travel from anywhere to see my clients. During the last several months we have spent most of our time in the Caribbean.
One morning a few days ago our neighbors Rob and Sally, who lived a few condo's away, came over and asked Carla and me to come over on Thursday evening at about 6:00pm to have a few cocktails and then join them for dinner at one of our favorite restaurants. I told them we would love to.
Rob and Sally are about our age, maybe a couple of years younger. Rob is a nice looking guy that is retired from the internet security business. He apparently sold his business to another security business for megabucks. Sally is a very beautiful woman, very slender and about 5 foot 5. She has a no boobs to speak of but she is very attractive and fun to be around. Rob and Sally married shortly after college, as did Carla and I.
Carla and Sally spend quite a lot of time together shopping, having lunch or sunning. They seem to enjoy each other's company a lot.
I got home on Thursday afternoon at about 4:30pm after playing golf. I went to take a shower and found Carla naked standing in front of the mirror looking at herself. The video of her most recent photo shoot was on top of the dresser.
I said, "I see the video is out."
Carla answered: "I have been watching it again."
The video is of her photo shoot, but it also contains some very sexually explicit scenes that happened to be filmed as well. Every time she watches it she gets extremely horny.
She was still looking at herself in the mirror when she asked me: "Do you like what you see?"
I answered quickly: "Absolutely, you know I do."
Carla said "Good, I needed to hear that."
She started playing with her nipples, which were already rock hard.
A few years ago, when we were still living in California, Carla had breast enhancement surgery which changed her small breasts into very large ones. The surgeon had done a beautiful job: they look and feel very natural and bounce when she walks. Since her surgery her nipples stick out almost all of the time, which makes her look extremely sexy, especially because she never wears a bra. They are also exceedingly sensitive.
Carla exclaimed, "That video makes me so horny that I can't think straight. I need you to fuck me now!"
I took her by the hand and lead her to the bed. She stuck her index finger into her pussy and pulled it out showing me how wet she was. She again plunged her finger deep into her pussy, but this time she took her sweet time withdrawing it. Each time she withdrew her finger more juice spread over her labia: now there was so much cream on her fingertip that it made a delicious noise as pleasured herself.
"You'd better stick that big cock in me soon or I'm going to finish the job myself," She said, winking at me.
I quickly threw my clothes on the floor and stood in front of her naked.
"Is this what you want?"
As I stuffed my hardness inside her and gave one powerful slam. She screamed with pleasure. I was pumping her so hard that her tits bounced straight up towards her face. My balls were slapping her ass and if it had been possible for me to go any deeper I surely would have.
Carla cried out, "Oh, yeah, baby! Fuck me hard. Ram me with that big cock!"
Ever time I thrust into her there was a truly obscene squishing noise. She yelled and her whole body spasmed like crazy as she came. And as I emptied my aching balls into her, it felt as if I had given her exactly what she'd needed.
As we lay in each others arms she said "Thanks, I truly craved that. I feel so much better."
We both took showers and got dressed to go to Rob and Sally's.
Carla asked, "I was thinking of wearing this sundress, do you think it will be okay or is it to short?"
I answered "That will look perfect, especially since it is so hot this time of year."
It was a really sheer and short sundress that you could almost see through when she stood in the light. Her nipples were still standing straight out since we both had been playing with them. The short dress showed off her beautiful legs: she looked perfect.
When we arrived at Rob and Sally's we were greeted at the door with cocktails. Sally looked just as sexy as Carla: two gorgeous women. Sally was wearing a short red skirt with four inch heels and a white sheer blouse. The main difference in the girls is that Sally is a small chested woman with a beautiful dark complexion, dark hair, with no fat on her body at all. We had a couple of drinks, then headed to our favorite restaurant.
The girls visited and Rob and I talked mostly about his Hatteras 70 foot motor Yacht he'd bought new a few months ago. We had been invited to join them a couple of times for a cruise but had to decline because of some commitments I had with work.
Rob and Sally wanted to invite us cruise over to St. Barthelemy, a small French island near St. Martin, for the weekend. Carla and I were both excited and accepted the invitation.
Rob said "We can leave Friday morning and return Sunday late afternoon."
We would be staying on board the yacht. The trip over would only take a couple of hours at the most since calm seas were expected this weekend. As we've lived on St. Martin for a fairly long time, we knew what clothes to pack.
Sally said "Carla and I have talked about it and we are going to dress very sexy since St. Bart's is known as a sexy Island with its naturalist beaches."
Rob said "I don't think you two could dress any sexier than you are now and still be wearing any clothes."
We had a wonderful meal and great evening with Rob and Sally.
When we got home we packed for our weekend adventure.
Carla mused "You know I don't often wear a top when we go to the beach and Rob has never seen my boobs, what do you think I should do?"
I told her, "I would be happy if you only took your smallest Wicked Weasel thongs, and no tops. I think Rob will like your boobs and you won't offend him for being topless."
What about Sally, "Will she be offended?"
Carla replied, "I know it won't bother her: she hates tan lines."
I said, "St. Bart's is a French Island where topless is the norm."
Carla added, "Did you notice how Rob was staring at my boobs this evening? You know Sally doesn't have very large breasts, so he is not used to cleavage like mine. I am sure Sally will be topless, she is very proud of her trim body."
"I did notice him gazing at your tits, don't worry about it."
Rob and Sally picked us up at about 9:30am and we headed to the dock.
The boat is absolutely beautiful. We stowed the supplies. Rob started the engines while Sally showed us to our large beautiful cabin. She told us to put on our suits and come up top when we were ready.
Carla said, "I should have brought the tops to my thongs. I do hope Sally is topless as well."
I said, "Don't worry about it, just put on a cover-up for now."
We went up top just as Rob was ready to cast off. I helped remove the dock lines, and we were on our way to St. Bart's.
Sally asked Carla to help he make some Bloody Mary's. They went below to the bar and came back with the best Bloody Mary I have ever tasted - not to mention the strongest I have ever had.
The girls went up to the front of the yacht to get some sun, Rob and I stayed up top so he could steer.
About a half an hour later Rob asked me, "Why don't you go up front and ask the girls to make us another round of Bloody Mary's!"
I went down the steps and forward to the sundeck. When I turned the corner, there were Carla and Sally stretched out on the lounge chairs. They were both topless, wearing their Wicked Weasel thongs. They both looked so sexy covered in sun screen, Carla with her big boobs and Sally with her small boobs. This was the first time I had seen Sally topless. Her dark skin was flawless, her nipples were sticking straight up. They both looked beautiful.
When I asked if they could make us some more drinks they both jumped, startled by my voice. Sally and Carla got up and headed to the bar. A few minutes later the came up top with our drinks. Neither had bothered to cover their tops. Rob did a double take of Carla.
He said, "Carla I am glad to see that you are okay with being topless. You have beautiful set of tits!"
Carla was not embarrassed in the least and replied looking down at them and said "Why thank you, I like them too. I haven't worn a top in years."
Sally said, "Rob has tried to get me to have a boob job for years, but I am afraid I would lose the sensitivity in my nipples and I do love how sensitive they are. I can have an orgasm in a couple minutes when Rob plays with my nipples."
I said, "I think you both look very sexy just the way you are!"
They both smiled and said, "Why thank you Joe."
They both came over and gave me a big hug, pressing their hard nipples into my chest. I immediately got a huge erection that was quite obvious to everyone and provided a good laugh for us all.
Carla exclaimed, "Down big boy! We are going back downstairs to sun, I will take care of that later."
The ocean was calm and we had a slow leisurely trip over to St. Barthelemy.
Rob said, "We are going to anchor just off of St. Jean Beach near Eden Rock Resort, from there we can take the dinghy ashore."
We anchored easily in the tranquil water and went to the lower deck where the girls had prepared a light lunch with a nice Rosé wine.
Sally said, "I hope you boys don't mind, but Carla and I decide to have lunch sans our coverups."
Rob said, "I don't think that will be a problem for Joe and me."
Carla replied, "Joe may have a problem, but we will work on that after lunch. I think he really enjoys looking at Sally's firm tanned nipples."
Rob commented, "They are nice, aren't they?"
After our nice leisurely lunch and a couple bottles of wine we were feeling no pain.
The girls said, "Let's go for a swim."
The water was crystal clear and so warm: it felt so refreshing. Rob got out the foam mattresses and we floated around the boat for awhile. Several more boats started anchoring all around us. They were taking their dinghies to the beach and going to a bar called "Nikki Beach."
Carla and Sally paddled their floats to the beach and went to the bar to see what was happening. They walked right into the bar topless.
When they got back Carla said, "The bartender and his friends were very friendly, they bought us each a drink."
I said, "I can see why they were so nice: two wet, topless women come walking up to the bar and they can see right through your sheer bottoms. They could see that you are both shaved because your pussies are clearly visible through that sheer fabric."
Sally said, "That may be why he offered to save us a table for the style show and live band that starts at 4:30 this afternoon. Let's get a shower and go in for a drink. We can watch the style show and then do some dancing."
We all headed to our cabins. On the way I stopped to pick up the wet towels. When I got to our cabin Carla had already removed her thong.
Carla said, "I need you to fuck me!"
I said, "What got you so horny?"
She replied, "When we were at Nikki Beach and I saw that my thong was totally see through and the seam was up between my pussy lips and all those you young French guys were talking to us and staring at Sally's and my tits and our pussies. I just wanted to get fucked right then. It is a good thing that my suit was wet because my juices were pouring out of me."
I laid her on the bed and started sucking her rock hard nipples, then kissed my way down between her legs. Her pussy was soaked, I tongued her until she had her first orgasm.
She cried, "Put your cock in my now!"
I drove my shaft deep inside her time after time until we both came.
We both showered quickly and started getting dressed. While we were dressing Carla wanted to know whether she should wear something conservative or sexy.
I told her, "I would like you to dress as sexy as you possible can."
She put on a very short black skirt that barely covered her ass and a sheer white linen blouse that had pockets that scarcely shaded her nipples. She picked out a pair of black four inch heels that made her dress even shorter. Her tanned legs looked beautiful.
I enquired, "Are you going to wear panties?"
She said, "Oh I almost forgot."
She put on a tiny WW thong panty.
When we got to the dinghy Rob and Sally were waiting.
Sally had on short tube top type sundress and four inch heels. Both girls looked stunning. Rob and I were dressed nicely in shorts and Tommy Bahama shirts.
Rob said, "I think these women can't wait to get to the bar where all those young Frenchmen are."
Carla and Sally had a hard time getting into the dinghy. They had to remove their shoes and they both gave up trying not to show their panties.
We got the dinghy on shore and headed for the bar. Most patrons (especially the women) wore very little because of the heat so the bar was a sea of taunt tanned skin. The laughter was loud.
Carla and Sally were greeted by the bartender and his friends.
One of the guys said, "I almost didn't recognize you girls with so many clothes on."
Sally said, "We aren't wearing as many clothes as you may think."
As we walked over to our reserved table Sally and Carla knew that every eye in the bar was on them and that every man wanted them. They wiggled their hips and Carla bounced around in front of the guys, watching their eyes follow her jiggling tits. Even the bartender stopped mixing drinks to watch their perfect derrieres wind through the crowd. They loved being watched and wouldn't have had it any other way.
We sat at our table and a beautiful young French girl in a tiny skirt and tight blouse welcomed us and took our drink order. We were still pretty loose from the Bloody Marys and bottles of wine. Carla and Sally ordered Cosmos and Rob and I ordered vodka tonics.
The waitress brought our drinks and told us that there would be a style show sponsored by some of the local merchants followed by live music.
We talked and drank for about 30 minutes, just enjoying ourselves. At four o'clock one of the guys from the bar that had been admiring our wives came over to our table and introduced himself as Aaron, the man in charge of the style show. He asked Carla and Sally if they would be interested in modeling an outfit or two in the show. He told them that if they would be willing to model they could have free drinks for the rest of the night.
Carla and Sally were ecstatic to be asked and accepted immediately. They had enough to drink that they were acting like little giggling girls.
The bartender sent over two more Cosmos and the girls headed to the changing area which was next to the kitchen.
The music started and the models (all men and women between the ages of about 34 and 42) lined up near the kitchen. Aaron would introduce the model and then talk about the outfit they were wearing and where it could be purchased. The models would move between the tables showing off the outfits, they would even go out to the beach lounge chairs and model. All of the outfits were beautiful, as were the men and women modeling them.
Carla and Sally came out in bikinis that were very becoming to their figures. Rob commented that was the first time in a long time that he had seen Sally in a bikini top. Carla strutted over to the bar in her bikini and high heels and checked herself out in the bar mirrors. She winked at her friend the bartender as he checked her out. He handed her another Cosmo as he rather obviously stared into her cleavage. Each model would get a nice round of applause as they went back to the changing area. You could tell by the looks on the girls' faces that they were loving all of the attention.
The next outfits the girls came out in were quite sexy. Sally had on a white one piece jump suit that was open all the way to her waist. As she walked in her heels among the tables the top would lay open providing a great view of her erect nipples. She was loving showing off for the crowd. She looked beautiful.
Carla came out in a dark blue skirt that was shorter than the one she wore to the bar. With her four inch heels her bottom was barely covered. Her long brown legs and the part of her butt you could see looked spectacular. The blouse she wore was a light blue very tight fitting and sheer. Her areola and rock hard nipples were plainly visible. She would flash a sexy smile as she walked by the men who couldn't take their eyes off her chest. Knowing that she was the center of attention, she started to move to the rhythm of the music which caused her tits to wobble and bounce, gently straining against the thin sheer fabric of her top. As she finished and headed to the changing area she drew a huge round of cheers and applause. She did look strikingly beautiful and extremely sexy. I was so proud of her, and also extremely horny.
When the girls came back to the table dressed in their own clothes Rob and I stood and applauded them, telling them how well they did and that they were maybe not the youngest women in the show but they certainly were best looking.
We could tell they both were a little unsteady from all of the alcohol. Almost instantly another round of Cosmos appeared on our table. We enjoyed our drinks, listening to the girls talk about their modeling experience.
Carla leaned over to me and said, "My thong is soaked: I need sex bad. I am so horny."
I answered, "Slip your thong off and I will put it in my pocket. I notice you didn't button your blouse."
She exclaimed, " I can't take my thong off: this skirt is way to short! As for my blouse, it was so hot in the changing area we were all running around naked. When I put it back on I thought it looked good just tied at my waist. What do you think?"
I told her that I loved it and that she was making me really horny.
She explained how she and Sally were so horny after seeing those young Frenchman running around in the changing area naked.
She added, "There were some big swinging dicks back there. They looked so good."
The live music started and everybody including the four of us moved to the dance floor. The music was incredibly loud but the band was good. As we were dancing several guys came up to the girls telling them what a good job they did.
We danced for about an hour non stop. Carla and Sally are much better dancers than Rob and I are. We all decided to rest a while and have a drink. We were all getting quite drunk. As soon as we sat down two guys came up and asked the girls to dance, but they both declined saying they needed a break.
Carla leaned over to Rob and me and asked, "What do we tell them when they come back?"
I said, "It is fine with me if you dance with them."
Rob said, "I agree. Go dance and flirt with them a bit. It's all in good fun."
It wasn't fifteen minutes and they were already back asking the girls to dance.
Sally said, "Let's go."
The four of them headed to the crowded dance floor.
Carla was dancing with the style show promoter, Aaron. She always puts her heart and soul into dancing. Her timing was perfect, her moves were flawless. She looked beautiful on the dance floor, her hips moved sexually, she was strutting confidently in her heels. As she shook her hips it caused her skirt to move up showing more of her flawless legs. The more she moved her hips the more her tits bounced, the more they bounced the looser the knot holding her blouse closed got. The pockets on her blouse were doing nothing to conceal her clearly visible areola and hard nipple's.
Aaron, the guy she was dancing with, had moved around behind her and grabbed her hips and was rubbing his hard cock against her ass. She responded by pushing back against him and grinding into him. The pushing against each other was causing her tits to bounce out of her shirt.
Carla was loving the show she was putting on. She knew every man in the bar was watching her. I could see that the arousal in face had spread to her nipples and to her pussy. Putting herself on display like this was making her extremely sexually aroused.
When the song finally ended she told Aaron she had to go to the restroom and then go rest for awhile. When she left the dance floor so did Sally. When they came back to the table they both collapsed.
The girls said, "We are done dancing, we are tired and we have had too much to drink."
Carla leaned over and put her thong in my hand.
She said, "It is soaked, put it in your pocket."
We paid our bill (which wasn't much) and started for the beach and the dinghy.
The bartender exclaimed, "You can't leave the party: is just getting started!"
Carla replied, "I have to leave, I can't find my panties."
She then pulled up her skirt and flashed him her bare ass. That got a great laugh from the guys at the bar, and we headed for the dinghy.
Carla and Sally had a difficult time getting into the dinghy in their short skirts. Neither one of them seemed to care that their legs were spread wide.
We made it back to the boat with no problem. We got the girls on board and went about securing the dinghy.
When we got to the main cabin Sally had her sundress off and was standing there in just her thong. Carla had her blouse and skirt off, she was bent over trying to pick up her clothes. Rob and I had a great view of her pussy and little brown rosebud.
Sally said, "We are going up top to look at the stars!"
Rob asked, "Dressed like that?"
Sally replied, "Oh, maybe I shouldn't."
She pulled her thong off and threw it to me, then she grabbed Carla's hand and they went up top. When Rob and I joined them the girls were stretched out on their lounge chairs. I went over to lay beside Carla she immediately stuck her hand in my shorts and started stocking my hard cock.
She said, "I can tell you liked seeing Sally's bare pussy. But now I want to see that amazing cock!"
I noted, "I think we had better go to our cabin for a little privacy."
Carla said, "Nope: I want it right here and now!"
She unzipped my shorts and pulled it out. I has rock hard.
Rob said slowly, "Joe, it's okay: we don't mind. Sally and I want to watch."
With that Carla sat up and pulled my clothes off and started sucking my cock. After about five minutes of sucking and licking she sensed I was close to cuming, so she got up and put one leg on each side of me. She became the wild seductress: her hair was wild from a night of dancing and she had a faraway but focused gleam in her eyes. She had that insatiable look.
She said, "I am going to satisfy myself right here in front of Rob and Sally."
With that she impaled herself on my cock. I pulled her up by the ass to control when she would rise and fall on my cock. Her hunger demanded more and more, she rode my cock like a bronco with uncontrollable bucking and lurches. A thin film of sweat was covering her chest. She leaned back and grabbed her nipple, pulling it hard while rubbing her clit with the other hand.
She screamed out, "Oh your cock is so good! I can feel you deep in my cunt... Do you like fucking me?"
She was slamming down harder and harder on me.
"Tell me how much you like my hot wet pussy!"
I said, "I love your hot wet pussy. I am going to cum!"
She screamed, "Oh God! Oh Fuck! Oh Fuck, I am gonna cum too. Oh fuck... Yes!"
He body reacted violently, bucking like I have never seen before. She squirmed and clawed into my chest as her entire body convulsed. I watched her eyes roll back into her head: her entire body was hijacked by her orgasm, the waves of pleasure exploding from her pussy throughout her entire body. It was the best orgasm I have ever seen her have. Then she just collapsed onto me and fell asleep.
Rob and Sally cheered as Carla collapsed. As I carried Carla to bed Rob was mounting Sally. I wanted to stay and watch but I knew I needed to get Carla to bed. When I laid Carla in bed she smiled and fell fast asleep.
Rob and I got up early the next day and made coffee. Then we went up top to enjoy the warm morning. About 9:00am we heard Sally calling us. We went down to Rob's cabin and Sally and Carla were laying in bed talking and laughing. They both seemed to be feeling well but they needed their coffee. I went and got them each a cup of coffee, but when I handed them the mugs the sheet covering them slid down and they were both naked next to each other in bed: what a beautiful morning sight.
Sally told Rob and me that she and Carla had several surprises for us today that we would probably enjoy.
Rob said, 'I think we should raise the anchor and motor around the island stopping at a few of the many beautiful beaches."
Rob and I prepared the boat and we were off to Colombier Beach. When we anchored about 20 minutes later we were at a small but beautiful beach There were three other boats and only about 6 people on the beach.
Rob explained to me that this beach was only accessible by land if one was willing to hike for around 30 minutes from the parking area.
I told Rob that I would get the foam floats if he would get the girls. He hollered at the girls and they came up still totally naked.
I said, "You both look beautiful, but you'd better get your thongs."
Sally said, "This is one of our surprises for you: we want to stay naked all day. We just shaved each other, how do we look?"
I said, "Looks good to me."
Rob said, "To me too!"
The four of us got on our floats and relaxed just off the boat. Rob and I were checking out the hull on the boat while the girls worked on their tans.
At about 11:30am Rob said, "All aboard, let's head over to Governor Beach. Girls, you can fix lunch and Joe and I will motor over and anchor."
Rob said, "It will take us about an hour to get there. It is a nude beach and we can all go ashore naked."
Rob and I climbed onto the swim platform and helped the girls on-board.
Rob helped Carla climb on-board. When she was on the platform Rob looked at her tits and said, "Those are a beautiful set of tits!"
Carla smiled and winked at him and said, "Go ahead and give them a feel."
He reached out and touched them with both hands. Carla said, "I want you to feel my nipples."
Rob rubbed them and they immediately got hard and he got a huge erection that was pocking against his swim trunks.
Sally walked over to me and said, "Joe, I want you to touch my tiny tits."
I reached out and touched her nipples as she pushed into my chest, I could feel her nipples turn rock hard. Sally gave me a kiss and shoved her tongue into my mouth. My cock turned hard instantly as I pressed against her bare body.
Sally pulled away after a few moments and said, "I think you liked that: now let's save the rest until later."
Sally and Carla headed off to make lunch while Rob and I motored over to Governor Beach.
When we were anchored the girls called for us to come down to the rear sun deck for a delicious lunch with two bottles of fine French wine. We sat and talked after lunch, trying to decide if we wanted to go ashore.
Rob said, "I will get the dinghy out, Carla you get some more wine and we will go ashore for awhile. Sally you call L'Isola for a diner reservation: make it for 9:30pm. We will go back and anchor on St. Jean Beach for the night and get a taxi to the restaurant After that we will find a place to go dancing. Joe you get your camera: this is one of the nicest beaches in the Caribbean, you will want some pictures."
We got in the dinghy and headed for the beach. Rob and I still had on our swim trunks while the girls remained naked. We had our towels to spread out on the beach and drank our wine. We pulled ashore at the far end of the beach where the waves were a little calmer. We had this part of the beach to ourselves. We spread out our towels and poured ourselves some more wine.
Carla said, "Joe let's go walk down this beach: it is so beautiful. So you and Rob to take off your suits."
We dropped our suits and I grabbed my camera. We took off down the beach. This is a large beach that had quite a few people spread out on the sand: most women were topless while there were several naked couples (both straight and gay). The girls and Joe played in the waves while I took pictures of them and the scenery on the beach. Carla has always loved to pose for a camera and she and Sally were striking some great poses. Carla came up on the beach and rolled around in the sand so I could get a picture of her beautiful tits and pussy coated in the sand.
We headed back to our spot on the beach and worked on our tans for a while before heading back to the boat. When we got back we all jumped into the water to wash off the sand.
Carla swam over to me and said, "Joe, Sally told me she would love to fuck you: how do you feel about that?"
I asked, "Does that mean you are going to fuck Rob?"
She said, "Yes, I think it means we are going to swap. Do you want to?"
I answered , "If you are okay with it I would really like to, but first you have to say you are good with it."
Carla looked and me and said, "You watched me fuck Bradley a few months ago (see the chapters when Carla becomes a nude model) and that was really good."
She winked at me and said, "I am okay with it, let's just go with flow."
We all climbed on-board and rinsed off with the fresh water shower head on the swim platform. We went up top and laid in the sun to dry off. I saw Carla look over at Sally and Rob and smile and wink.
After a few minutes Sally came over to me and took my hand and we all went down below to the master cabin. Rob grabbed the camera as we were going down. Sally sat me on the bed and stood in front of me: her nipples were hard, her pinkish brown areola had a texture that I found enormously tempting. She had a lustful smile on her sweet face framed by her shoulder-length hair. She moved toward me but stopped just long enough to pose for Rob as he took a picture of her sensuous look.
She leaned in front of me, pinching her nipples, she asked, "You like what you see?"
I said, "I love your nipples."
I stood with my erect cock sticking straight up. She pulled herself into me, thrusting her pelvis against my cock and her breasts against my chest. I put my hands on her ass as she kissed me pushing her hungry tongue into my mouth. I could hear Rob and Carla whispering as the camera kept recording our adventure.
Sally pulled away and grabbed her nipples and said' "I want you to suck them."
I did not hesitate. She leaned backwards as I greedily sucked her nipple into my mouth. I sucked the left, then the right over and over again. I was lost in eroticism as Rob was taking pictures of me sucking his wife's tits while she moaned in pleasure. My hard cock was still pressed against her pelvis as she straightened up. I laid her back on the bead. My face went directly to her gleaming pussy lips. She pushed those lips against my mouth and I automatically stroked her with my tongue. Rob stood close by with a huge hard-on watching his wife's pleasure from my tongue. He took several pictures of his wife as she squirmed in delight at the pleasure she was receiving. I moved back as Rob took photographs of her pussy. Sally heard the camera and spread her legs even wider, showing her moist cunt.
Rob motioned for me to continue, I softly circled her clitoris with my tongue. Her hips started to move as I sucked harder on her clit.
"He's going to make me come, Rob, and I love it," she cried out.
I felt her body go stiff and her hips raise, as she pulled my head even deeper into her pussy. She was cuming hard, my mouth was soaked with her sweet juices. I could see the camera flash as Rob was taking photos of Sally in throes of her orgasm.
Sally said, "Joe I want you to fuck me from behind."
She turned and got on all fours. She spread her beautiful legs to welcome me. She whimpered with pleasure as I entered her wet pussy. I was pumping her hard: it wouldn't going to be long before I would cum.
"I am going to cum, Sally," I warned her.
Sally cried out that she was going to cum too as I grunted loudly and exploded in her cunt. She kept cuming: her face radiated total satisfaction with a smile on the lips.
Rob said, "Sally look up here: I want a picture of that smile."
Sally said, "I just kept cuming and cuming, you are marvelous Joe."
Sally collapsed on the bed and rolled onto her back, smiled and closed her eyes. She just laid there with her beautiful legs spread wide while my cum was flowing out of her.
I said, "Sally that was wonderful."
Rob handed me the camera, reached over and grabbed Carla and said, "It's our turn, if you want."
Carla said, "Rob if you don't fuck me quick I am going to go crazy!"
Carla had been rubbing her clit for several minutes and she was visibly dripping wet. She moved the sheet back and motioned to Rob to lie down on his back. She smiled and winked at me as I took their picture. She climbed between his legs and put her knees on either side of him. Her pussy was aiming directly at Rob's engorged cock.
She instructed, "Rub my pussy lips with your big cock."
He took his cock in hand and rubbed it on her pussy. She oohed and aahed as Rob rubbed against her sopping pussy. I took picture after picture as they both enjoyed the sensations. She finally slid down on his hard cock. Carla yelped as she took him in, all in one motion. He fondled her jutting breast and pulled hard on her engorged nipples. She rode his cock fiercely as her head bobbed up and down and from side to side. She was totally abandoning herself to the sensation of their wild fucking. I put the camera down and grabbed her hips helping her move up and down on his cock.
She plunged all the way down on Rob's hard shaft and screamed out, "Fuck me hard! I am cuming! I am cuming!"
That did it for Rob: he tensed and shot burst after burst of cum into her pussy. She finally slowed down and collapsed onto his chest.
She looked at Rob and said, "That was a fantastic fuck, thank you lover."
Carla looked at me smiled and winked and said," I hope you got pictures of that: it was mind blowing."
She pulled me down on the bed and kissed me tenderly, she opened her arms and pulled me between her legs. She kissed me again as I penetrated her wet pussy. We fucked lovingly and unhurriedly. As our fucking accelerated I realized that I had just watched the man laying on the bed next to us fuck her hard. I was pounding her as if I hadn't had sex for months. Her breathing got faster as she tightened her hold on my cock. She tensed and I could feel her orgasm building.
She said, "Keep fucking me. Don't stop. I am still cuming! Oh God! It is so good!"
I kept pumping in and out of her slippery cunt. She kept fucking me faster and faster, until I exploded inside of her. When her orgasm subsided I rolled off her and she laid her head on my chest.
I whispered in her ear, "You are one sexy, beautiful woman."
She smiled, winked and fell asleep.
Sally raised up off the bed and said, "That was wonderful. I think I will get the first shower."
Rob and I just lay there on the bed with Carla between us, her legs spread wide, enjoying the view.
*****
Chapter 2 will follow shortly
Thanks to Kerberos Tail for the editing skill.