Lumix, the largest company in the world, supplies the most immersive and first of it's kind of virtual reality experience where players can enter a different world and experience a different life. Users can customize their physical features to what they want and spend in-game currency which can be transferred in and out of real life.
Player's simply put in the pair of contacts and lay back in the comfort of their own homes and enjoy the amazing worlds that Lumix has to offer. You can choose to make money in-game and transfer it out into the real world or spend it in-game and buy anything you want.
The best part? Lumix sets your body into deep sleep while in use. Time inside of Lumix is different compared to the real world, just 8 hours in the real world will translate into 72 hours in the virtual world. Meaning, while your real body is sleeping away and getting rest, you can be hunting monsters, hanging out at a bar, or even just enjoy a nice view in Lumix and you'll still wake up rested.
******
"Fuck, I'm cumming." The man yelled from behind me.
I grip my hands tightly around the edge of the table as the man behind me charges a final thrust deep inside of me. My legs gave out under me from pleasure as his warm seed filled and coated my insides. If it wasn't for his hands tightly wrapped around my hips and my torso being bent over a table, I definitely would have fallen to the ground.
His cock pulsed as he slowly pulled himself out. The last jets of his cum shooting onto my ass and painting them streaks of white. I could hear his ragged breath behind me as I slowly regained strength in my legs. Before I could regain enough strength to stand up, the familiar voice from the man behind me says, "Thanks for that nice piece of ass." and sets a couple of dollars on the table I'm bent over.
I heard the man walk away and listened as the door creaked open and close as he exited the room. I laid there for a minute longer as I caught my breath, small shocks of electricity continued to linger along my slit. Eventually, I regain the ability to stand up on my own and I look down as his cum drips out of me, some landing on the floor and some dripping down the side of my legs. I don't pay much attention to it and turn my focus more onto the table and collect the money for my services and count it out.
"20...40...60...80..." I say out loud, as I flip through the bills. "450 dollars, not bad." I mumbled to myself with a smirk. I slip the money into my wallet and set it back down on the table.
Sex work wasn't uncommon in Lumix, in fact it was actually one of the biggest money makers in the game. Inside Lumix, there were only one simple rule, there was no doxing on anyone's real life information. Of course, there were certain zones in the game where more specific rules were applied.
After my body settled down and I cleaned myself up, I decided to go to Lusticity, the most well known club in all of Lumix, known for it's wild parties and, of course, where most people can easily go to have a "fun" time. With a wave of my hand, a catalog of clothing choices popped up in front of me, I picked out a new outfit for myself and opted to go for a white dress that exposed most of my back and cut off right at the middle of my thighs along with a pair of white laced panties to go underneath. I never wore a bra and today wasn't going to change that.
With another swipe of my hand, the catalog of clothing disappeared in front of me. I walked towards the door to exit the world that I was in and thought of Lusticity. As I walked through, the world around me faded away into mist and the familiar walls and designs of the new world faded into existence. Music began to play in the distance and fill the silence.
I continued to walk forward as the door behind me closed itself and faded away, replaced by the window of a store. I stood on the sidewalk, across the street from the entrance to Lusticity, and watched as hundreds of people stood in line to get into the club and filled the sidewalk across from me. I smirked to myself and crossed the road, heading straight to the front of the line.
As I neared the entrance of Lusticity, the bouncer noticed me and gave a familiar smile. "Miss Yin, a pleasure to see you again." He said as he quickly unhooked the line and waved me in. I gave him a gentle smile as I walked past him and noticed the jealous and envious faces of the people who stood in line.
Inside the club, the red color themed lights really set the mood. As I continued to walk further inside, I passed all sorts of people who could not help but turn their heads and stare me down with their eyes filled with lust. Some of the people who were busy making out with their partners even stopped to give a quick glance. Soon after, a man wearing a tailored suit approached me and said, "Miss Yin, a pleasure. How can we assist you today?"
"I'm just here for the usual." I smiled.
"Of course." He said with a nod then left.
I scanned around the club and admired the scene. The main dance floor had lots of people grinding up against one another, I could not help but notice a couple people here and there who were reaching around their partner and pleasuring them with their hands. The bar off to the side had almost all the seats taken and most of them had other people on their knees in front of them, men had their cocks being sucked right out in the open and women had heads planted deep inbetween their thighs. The booths and tables were one of my favorites, many men were laid back in their chairs as women straddled them and rode on their cocks under their skirts and dresses, some women were even being bent over their tables and railed from behind.
One table particularly caught my attention when I noticed a girl laid over the table with her legs wide open getting fucked while each of her hands were busy with a cock in each, her head laid over the end of the table and a fourth man throat fucked her while holding her tits as leverage. I smiled at the lustful sight.
I decided to head towards the bar and leaned forward against the counter with my elbows and asked the bartender to get me the usual. He quickly began to pour up my drink and delivered it to me, just in time for my first suitor.
"You wouldn't happen to be the famous Yin Lee, would you?" A voice behind me says.
I turned to the voice with my drink in hand and faced my possible second fun for the night. I looked at him up and down and admired his looks and fashion sense. He wore a white button up that hugged his muscular frame and had it tucked into a pair of black dress pants that tightly hugged his hips and teased a little with the bulge that protruded out at me.
I bit my lip slightly at him and smiled, giving him my approval. "Yes, I just so happen to be." I replied.
He extended his hand out to me and I reached out and placed mine on his, he pulled it in close to his face and planted a gentle kiss on the top of my hand. At the same time, he took the chance to pull himself forward slightly so that our bodies met each other. I could feel his member pushed up against my body, it was slowly growing larger. He took my hand that he was holding and placed it against it and left it there for me to do what I want, all the while our eyes locked onto each other.
Gently, I caressed up and down across his growing cock and felt it strain against his waistline. He leaned his head forward more until his lips met my ear and he whispered, "Pull it out for me, honey."
I did not mind taking orders from a man. Actually, I quite enjoyed it. I did as he ordered and felt around for his zipper and slowly pulled it down. My hand trailed into his pants and fumbled around his underwear until I finally reached his warm cock and I pulled it out. Exposed to the open, I looked down and admired what I saw. A veiny cock that seemed more than enough to break me in half.
Just as I almost drooled at the sight, his hand reached up and gently lifted my chin back up to his face and our eyes once again fixed onto each other. My hand wrapped back around his thick shaft and slowly began to stroke it back and forth as his cocks head pushed against my toned stomach. He leaned his head forward and planted his lips on mine and our kiss quickly escalated into our tongues wrestling each other. All the while, my hand stroked his dick faster and faster.
To my surprise, it was a while until the noticeable signs of his near climax began and his dick began to pulsate slightly in my hands. I stopped just before he came and broke our kiss. He seemed quite surprised and confused on why I had stopped but quickly looked more surprised when I began to lower myself onto my knees in front of him until his cock stood in front of my face.
I opened my mouth and stuck out my tongue and with my hand, I pointed his cock upwards and licked up his shaft. I took the head of his cock into my mouth and sealed my lips around them and slowly leaned my head forwards. As inch by inch disappeared into my mouth, I was only just above half way deep when his cock already hit the back of my throat. Luckily for me and him, Lumix allowed me to disable my gag reflex. I continued on and took the last couple inches of his thick penis into my mouth.
My eyes looked up and our eyes locked again, his hands wrapped around the back of my head and he held my head in place as he began to slowly rock his hips back and forth. Over time, his pace quickened and he began to throat fuck me. His cock ravaged my mouth and all I could do was suck harder and keep it open for him.
Not long after, his cock began to pulse once again and I could tell he was going to cum soon. I grabbed the base of his cock with my hand and stroked it quickly and twisted it around all the while as I continued to swirl my tongue around his dick and suck on it. This brought him over the edge and he shoved my head against his body, I released my hand from the base of his member and let his cock sink deep into my throat. I felt his cock shoot jets after jets of cum directly into my throat and I swallowed every drop that shot out. Eventually, he released his grip on the back of my head and pulled his thick dick out, I placed both my hands along his shaft and stroked his cock tightly right in front of me, wringing him of any remaining cum. A couple more spurts of cum shot out, the first two landing inbetween my eyes and on my cheek, the last one shot onto my neck.
I released the grip I had on his cock and stood back up, a smile on both of our faces. I was eager for more and to my luck, his cock was still rock hard and pushed against my stomach, which smeared a bit of the last bits of cum across my dress. I didn't care though, my body was screaming for him and wanted that thick cock to penetrate my deepest and most private parts.
I guessed he thought the same thing when suddenly his hands grabbed both sides of my waist and he turned me around to face the bar. One of his hands grabbed the back of my neck and pushed me forward, which forced me to lean and bend over the bar counter. His other hand trailed down to the end of my dress and pulled it up over my ass. The same hand found it's way under the strap of my underwear and with what seemed like an easy pull, he tore my panties off of me and threw them to the side.
At this point, I knew he could tell how much I wanted him to just thrust his cock inside of me. I felt a wetness roll down my inner thigh and knew he could tell just how wet I was. I wiggled my ass in a teasing manner against his cock and felt him angle his cock towards the wet entrance of my pussy. I eagerly wanted him to just shove it deep inside of me and I continued to try and push my ass against him but he kept a hand tightly around the back of my neck.
I was just about to scream for him to fuck me when suddenly he thrusted his cock deep inside of me. I let off such a loud moan in that moment that I was sure it caught a couple eyes. He let his cock sit deep inside of me for a moment before he pulled it out and quickly rammed it back inside of me.
His thrusts got quicker one after the other, each time always hitting my deepest parts. I laid my head sideways against the table with my hands once again gripping the edge of the counter for support. His hand that held the back of my neck moved down to my shoulder and used that for leverage while his other hand held my tiny waist in comparison.
Very quickly, I felt my climax building and I was already close. My pussy tightened and prepared for the wash of pleasure about to take over my body and the man in response took that as a sign to go harder and quicker. His grips on my body tightened and he plunged his dick harder against me, his body slamming against mine.
I couldn't control my moans and let them escape freely out of my mouth. The others at the bar all casted their gaze at the two of us, fucking like wild animals. I moaned out to him, "Just like that, don't stop."
Suddenly, my climax crashed down on me and the wave of pleasure sent what felt like electricity all across my body. I moaned loudly and yelled out to him, "I'M CUMMING. OH GOD. I'M CUMMING."
He continued to thrust in and out of me without a care and in fact began to go faster. My mind started to go blank and my eyes rolled to the back of my head in response to the pleasure. Still sensitive to the climax that had just passed, I quickly felt another climax building again.
"I'M ABOUT TO CUM AGAIN." I moaned out loudly.
An audible slapping could be heard from his cock as it railed me against the counter. I could feel his cock grow stiffer after each thrust and knew he was about to cum. My mind, now focused on his cock dumping all his cum inside of me, could only think about him cumming.
"FUCK. FUCK. FUCK." I yelled out, as my second climax in a row crashed down over me.
My pussy tightened around his cock as my climax rushed across my body, sending chills up my spine. His grip tightened once again and I knew he was going to cum. I felt the warm seed fill up my insides, a familiar feeling that I still remembered, only this time there was much more. He continued to thrust in and out of me, never a break in his pace, even when he was cumming.
As both him and I rode out the rest of our climax, his last few thrusts emptied the rest of what he had left inside of me. His cum oozed out of me and down my inner thigh, leaving a white trail down my pussy.
Eventually, he pulled his cock out of me, sending one last shock of pleasure up my body as it left. I laid there against the counter trying to catch my breath, the remaining bits of my climax slowly subsided. After a while, I looked over to my side to see him sitting on the stool next to me, a drink in his hand.
I looked down to notice his cock still standing tall, just as he took a sip of his drink. We once again locked eyes and a smirk formed on his face.
"Ready to go again?" He said as he set his drink down.