Author's note: please don't forget to rate my story, comment, or email me. Your feedback keeps me writing.
A big thank you to my over 4000 followers. I know I'm not writing as much, but I promise I'm still writing. I hope you enjoy this story.
===========================================
I was looking forward to our trip. We'd been planning it for months and a B&B in wine country sounded amazing. My mother had agreed to watch the kids and my husband had no pressing work he couldn't ignore. so, kid free and work free, we could just relax and enjoy ourselves.
The B&B sounded perfect. Right in the middle of wine country and it had a five star rating. It had a pool, gardens, very private rooms each with their own bathrooms, and all the reviews said the hosts were wonderful.
We were going to be gone for four days and I was deciding what to pack. I asked my husband.
"Justin. What do you think I should pack?" I asked looking at a pile of clothes on my bed.
"Why do you need clothes?" He quipped.
I laughed to myself. If he had his way, I'd walk around naked for everyone to see. He loved it when men checked me out and often encouraged me to wear clothing with a little less coverage.
"I have to wear something," I said. "No one wants to see an almost 40 year old woman naked."
I was actually 38 and, to be honest, I did get my share of looks. At 5'8", and 145 lbs, I kept myself in good shape. My shoulder length blonde hair and blue eyes didn't hurt either. I worked hard on my body and to look good, and the looks and admiring glances were proof my hard work paid off.
My husband came in the room and kissed me.
"Karen, I'm sure any man would want to do more than look," he said.
"Oh, you'd probably like that," I teased.
"You know I would," he replied.
I'm not sure he was kidding. He had told me before he fantasized about showing me off to other men. He'd even told me he'd like to watch me fuck someone else. I'm not sure if he was kidding or not, but these two things made up the bulk of our bedroom fantasies.
"You're no help," I sighed with a laugh.
"Ok," he said. "Bring a bikini, four sundresses, a pair of sandals for walking, and something strappy and high heeled for evenings."
Ok, that was not helpful
"Underwear optional," he added.
"I'll optional you," I said throwing a pair of panties at him.
He ducked out of the room laughing. I looked at the pile of clothes again. He'd actually been helpful. He was right, dresses would be fine and I knew he liked me in dresses, and I needed a bathing suit for the pool.
Like I said earlier. He liked clothes that showed me off a bit. No one knew us where we were going so I could give him a little thrill.
I started with the bathing suit. The B&B had a private pool. I could tan a bit, I had all sorts of bathing suits. I'm a mom, I had to keep decent around the kids, but this was different. I knew which suit my Justin would choose.
We'd been on vacation at the beach and stopped in a little beach shop. I was wearing a bikini and cover up. It was a decent mom bikini. The shop had all sorts of beachwear on sale, including bathing suits. I started looking through the sundresses and wraps, my husband went right to the bikinis.
After looking through them he pulled one out and brought it to me.
"Try this one on," he requested.
I looked at it. It was white and all I could see were strings.
"Really?" I asked.
"Really," he said.
I headed to the dressing room. The bikini was my size. I looked at all the strings and figured out how to wear it. The top tied behind my neck and back. The bottoms tied on each side. The top left a lot showing. It did not cover the bottoms of my breast all the way. The back was worse, half my ass was hanging out.
"I can't wear this in public," I said.
"Let's see," he replied.
I semi opened the dressing room curtain and I looked around. I didn't see anyone else, so I stepped out of the dressing room.
"Wow, you look amazing," Justin said.
"I'm naked," I replied.
"Don't be silly," he continued. "Everything is covered."
"Half my ass and tits are showing," I exclaimed.
"Mmmmmm... " he replied.
I laughed. "I'm not wearing this in public," I said.
"Sure you can," he continued. Then he added, "Can't she?"
I didn't realize it but a young couple had come up behind me.
"What do you think," he continued to them.
"Wow, she looks awesome," said the woman.
The guy didn't comment.
"Doesn't she look great?" she said to the guy.
I think he was afraid to comment because my husband and his girlfriend were there. (Not my husband's girlfriend silly)
My husband also asked him to make him feel more comfortable. "Doesn't she look great in that suit?" he pushed
"Yes," he said to me. "You look great. I love that suit on you."
The salesgirl heard what was going on and came to join the conversation.
"With that body," she started, "it would be a shame not to wear that suit."
I laughed. "I'm too old to wear something like this," I protested.
"You are not," both women exclaimed in unison.
All this time the guy was definitely checking me out. I noticed two other guys had come into the store. They were picking at clothes racks near me, but not really paying attention. They were definitely paying attention to me.
All these eyes upon me started to get to me. I was enjoying the attention. I could feel myself getting wet. Now I have to buy this suit, I thought to myself.
"Ok, ok," I relented. "I'll get the suit."
I went back to change.
"No, keep that suit on," said Justin.
"Really?" I asked.
"You bet," he replied. "Let's get you a new cover up as well."
We went over to the cover up section. More customers has entered the store. It was obvious that I was being admired by the men in the shop. I liked the feeling. I began to feel sexy in my new suit.
I walked up to some shoes on a bottom rack and bent over to pick them up. I bent over straight legged and looked at them. My ass was to the store.
I stood up, my husband was by the wraps. I walked over to him and started looking through the racks. He came up behind me and put his arms around me.
"Bad girl," he whispered in my ear.
"Yeah?" I said. "Is that a bad thing?"
"Not in my book," he replied.
We looked at the rack. My husband pulled out a rose colored cover up that was thin and gauzy and didn't cover up anything.
"I like this one," he said.
"Really?" I asked.
"Really," he replied.
Having enjoyed being looked at in the store, I probably wasn't thinking clearly.
"What the hell, were on vacation," I said.
We took the cover up and went to pay. A lot of eyes were on me. I liked it.
I wore that bathing suit and cover up the rest of vacation. I got a lot of admiring glances. A couple younger girls even came up to me and asked me where I got it.
I loved the attention. That week we fucked liked maniacs. Well, on vacation we usually fuck like maniacs but both of us used me being looked at as fuel for the passion.
"Did you catch those two guys checking you out?" he'd remind me.
"Which ones," I'd tease.
So, I knew which bathing suit to pack.
I knew which dresses to pack. He had a few favorites. I put those in the suitcase. I added shoes. I picked out a few pairs of his favorite panties and bras and I was done. I didn't bring anything to sleep in. I figured I wouldn't need it.
We headed to the B&B. The place was fantastic. Secluded from town but only a five minute drive at most. The room was beautiful. One side was almost completely a glass widow and it had a balcony that ran the length of the room. It faced west so you could watch the sunset. It also overlooked the gardens. They were beautiful.
The owners were a nice couple in their fifties. They gave us a tour and told us what time breakfast was. I asked if they maintained the gardens. They told me that during the summer they were maintained by their son while he was home from school. It turns out their son lived on the property too.
We decided to go out to town that night. I grabbed one of my dresses. This one was a short wrap dress that tied at the hip the material cling to every curve of my body. My bra showed when it was tied, I went to pin it closed.
"Why don't you take off the bra instead," suggested Justin.
"Oh sure, why don't I just run around topless," I retorted.
"Ok," he grinned.
I gave him a, "phhhht," and walked the mirror. "Ok, let's see how it would look."
I undid the dress and removed the bra. I then tied the dress back up. Well, I thought, there's a lot of space between my neck and navel showing. Everything was covered though. I wondered what would happen if my nipples got hard. The thought kind of thrilled me.
As we were leaving we ran into the owners and their son sitting down for dinner. He was a good looking boy. His name was Tommy. He was very polite but had a hard time keeping his eyes off the open top of my dress. It excited me the way he looked at me. We made small talk and headed out.
As we got in the car Justin said, "Wow, that Tommy couldn't get enough of you."
"Ya think?" I laughed. "I caught him staring a few times."
"Can't blame him," Justin said, "good looking guy too."
"Not bad," I replied.
"Bet he wanted to see those tits," Justin teased.
"Oh, I bet you wished I'd showed him," I responded.
"You bet," he laughed.
We headed out to dinner. All through the evening Justin would point out people who were checking me out. I was loving the attention.
When we got home Justin and I went out on the deck to enjoy the night. The garden was all lit up. I put my arms on the railing and leaned forward. Justin came up behind me and put his arms around me. He kissed my neck.
"You are absolutely beautiful," he said.
"Mmmmmm...," I purred as he kiss my neck.
I felt him reach for the hem of my dress and pull it up to my waist.
"And what are you doing?" I asked.
"Why?," He replied, "are you going to stop me?"
"Well we are outside where anyone can see us," I said.
"It makes it more exciting," he replied.
He hooked his fingers in the band of my panties and pull them down over my ass and down my legs. I stepped out of them. My ass actually felt good against the cool night air.
"Oh you think you can just take my panties off," I teased
"You bet," he laughed
He bent me over the railing. I heard some rustling behind me. I knew he was pulling his cock out. I spread my legs a bit to give him easier access. His finger slid between my legs. He could tell I was already wet. I felt his cock line up with my pussy and with one stroke he was inside me. I felt so naughty being fucked over the railing where anybody could see me.
I looked out across the garden. There was a little cabin there on the property. I could see the lights on. I stared at the cabin and saw it had a window facing me. As I looked at the cabin I imagined there was someone in the window. I couldn't actually tell if there was someone, from a distance I couldn't be sure. The idea that somebody was watching me from the window got me even more excited.
"Do you think anybody can see us?" I asked.
"I hope so," he responded.
He continue to thrust into me. His hands slid up to the top of my dress as he pulled it apart to expose my breasts. The cool night air made my nipples instantly hard.
I looked out the window across the garden again. The lights from the garden didn't allow me to see in the window but the lights were off inside the windows. I wondered if they were turned off so the person looking out could get a better view.
All this time Justin kept fucking me.
"Does that feel good?" He asked.
"Oh baby," that feels amazing.
"I love your cock," I said.
"All yours," he said
He continued to fuck me, long slow strokes. It felt amazing. The thought that somebody might be watching from the cabin making it even more exciting.
I just decided to mention it to Justin again. "Do you think anybody in the cabin can see us?" I asked.
"Maybe," he replied.
"I thought I saw somebody in the window," I told him.
"Good," he said and started pumping me a little bit faster.
With his fingers on my nipples and his cock in my pussy. I started to cum. All I could think about was somebody watching me cum. A deep orgasm washed over me. I was glad I was leaning against the railing or I would have fallen.
When I caught my breath I turned around and dropped down to my knees. I took Justin's cock in one hand and guided it to my mouth. I loved the way it tasted covered with my cum. I licked and sucked it clean and pumped it with one hand.
I felt him start to stiffen up I continued to pump it with my hand. It felt so good in my mouth, the skin so soft and warm. I knew he was about to cum. I didn't say anything, he never warned me, he knew that I loved it.
All the sudden I felt the hot jets of cum squirt against the back of my throat. I swallowed every drop. I continued to pump it until there was nothing left.
Both of us spent, we undressed and climbed in the bed. As we got under the covers I again asked, "Would you really have liked it if someone was watching us?"
"Yes I would," he answered.
We fell asleep.
The next morning we decided to go to the pool. I put on my bikini, my practically see-through cover up, and we headed to the pool. When we got there the owners were already there sunbathing. Everything was perfectly cool except the owner's wife was topless.
"Good morning," she said.
"Hi," I managed to get out trying not to stare.
"It's such a beautiful morning," she said. Then addressing her half nudity she said, "I hope you don't mind? It's just such a beautiful day and I normally like to tan topless."
I wasn't sure how I felt but I managed to say, "no it's perfectly fine."
We headed for two lounge chairs beside the pool.
"Did you see that?" I asked.
"Of course I did," he replied.
"But she's topless," I responded.
"Yes, and she looked great for her age," he said.
I took off my robe and laid down in the chair. I rolled over on my stomach and I undid one of my straps so my back would tan.
Why don't you just take the top off," Justin asked.
"What and run around topless?" I replied.
"Sure why not," he said, "she's doing it."
I thought about it. There was no need for me to feel uncomfortable. Justin was right, the owner was topless so why couldn't I be. The pool was very private and no one could see me. So what the heck.
Then I thought about the owners husband seeing me topless. The thought scared and excited me. Even so I turned to Justin.
"But he's here also," I exclaimed
"Even better," Justin replied smiling.
I looked around and decided what the hell. I removed my top.
Laying there topless in the warm sun felt good against my body. Every once in a while I would look over at the owners to see if they were watching me. Every once in a while I would catch them. It made me tingle all over when I knew they were watching.
Then the owner's son came in the pool area. I did not expect that. I didn't know what to do. Should I jump up and cover myself? That seemed silly. I decided to just lay there, my whole body tensed up.
As I laid there Tommy looked at me and waved. "Good morning," he said. "It's a beautiful day isn't it?"
He spoke to me so I couldn't ignore him. I had to respond but when I did he'd know I knew he was looking at me.
"Yes it is," I replied.
My body tingled all over. I felt myself getting wet. I wondered what Tommy was thinking. Did he like what he saw?
Then to my embarrassment my husband engaged him in conversation. Tommy walked over to talk to us. He stood right over me. My husband made small talk with him and asked about the garden and about restaurants in town. All the while I was sitting there topless.
Tommy finally left.
"Oh my God," I said to my husband. "I was practically naked in front of him."
"And how'd that make you feel," my husband answered.
"Ummmm," I mumbled. "Embarrassed?" I responded.
"Really?" My husband responded
I thought about it, and then I answered "no not really. I guess I enjoyed it a little."
"See that wasn't so bad," my husband said.
He was right that wasn't so bad in fact I enjoyed it.
We got up to leave the pool. I went to put my top back on, my husband said "don't bother everybody's already see you topless,"
I realized he was right just put my cover-up on and grabbed the top of my bathing suit. Of course the robe covered nothing. On the way back to our room we ran into Tommy again. He just waved and kept on going about his business.
By the time we got back to our room, I admit, I was excited. I grabbed my husband threw him down on the bed.
"Oh, what's got into you?" Justin asked.
"I don't know," I responded, "Did you see Tommy checking me out?" I asked.
"Of course I did," Justin replied. "It was kind of hard not to," he added.
I pulled off my cover-up and the bottoms of my bathing suit and straddled him on the bed. I leaned over and pulled his bathing suit off of him. We were both naked. I bent my head down to his cock and started sucking on it. In no time it was hard in my mouth I could taste the drop of precum on my tongue.
"Mmmmm," I purred as I sucked him hard.
With his cock hard I straddled him and slowly lowered myself on to it. I started rocking my hips and lifting my knees up and down to feel him thrust into me.
"So you liked showing off?" Justin teased.
"Shut up," I replied. But he wouldn't stop.
"I bet Tommy loved your breasts," he continued. "I bet you liked him staring at them too. I can feel how wet you are."
"Yes, yes," I breathed. "I liked it."
"What if he could see you now," Justin went on.
Watching me fuck? The idea both thrilled and scared me.
"I suppose you'd like that," I said.
"You bet," he teased.
"You won't be satisfied till some guy is fucking me while you watch," I huffed.
"That would be awesome," he replied.
Awesome? He'd like to see it? A picture of Tommy fucking me came to mind. As it did I came.
"Oh fuck," l sighed as I came.
"Yeah?" Asked Jim. "What were you thinking about."
Jim could always tell when I came.
"Nothing special," I lied.
"Don't lie, tell me," he insisted.
"Ok, ok. I was thinking about what you said. About Tommy fucking me. But only because you were talking about it." I said defensively
"It's ok," he said. "I love it."
"Really?" I went on. We'd role played before. "You'd like to see his hard cock slide into my wet pussy? Watch me take him in my mouth and make him hard. Watch him fuck your wife? You want me to be a little slut and spread my legs for another man? You think Tommy wants to be between the legs of a woman almost twice his age?
I knew what tripped his trigger
"Oh yes, do it, spread your legs for him, be the slut I know you want to be," he huffed.
"He's already seen my tits, should I show him more? Should I undress? Or do you want to undress me?"
I could tell Justin was close to coming.
"You're liking this. You want me to be a slut. You want to watch him fuck me. You want me to take his cock while you watch. Don't you?" I was getting myself excited and close to cumming myself.
"God yes," he cried as his cum shot into me.
The feeling of his hot cum inside me set me off.
"Oh my god," I moaned as I came.
I rolled off him and laid on the bed beside him.
"You know it's just fantasy," I said.
"Doesn't have to be," he replied.
He closed his eyes and fell asleep. I laid there thinking about what he said and how I felt showing Tommy my tits. With Justin sleeping next to me I rubbed myself to another orgasm.
We prepared to go out for dinner. I had a long dress that buttoned all the way down the front. It was gauzy and in the right light it became translucent. I unbuttoned the top three buttons and three from the bottom. Justin saw me.
"A few more buttons," he said.
"You'll see my bra," I answered.
"So, take it off," he replied.
I sighed. Seriously, this guy would have me naked if he could. I unbuttoned the top a few more and removed the bra through the sleeve.
"Better?" I asked.
"Much," he said.
I have to admit I was liking this. I was enjoying the freedom of showing off and I was enjoying the looks I was getting.
As were walking out the door we ran into Tommy. Tommy stopped and looked at me and then turned to Justin.
"Where are you guys going tonight?" He asked.
"I don't know where do you recommend?" Asked Justin.
"There's a new place that opened downtown. I highly recommend it," said Tommy.
Then Tommy turned to me.
"Well you look amazing," he said. "I love that dress."
"Yes," said Justin. "She really does. I love it when she wears a dress that really shows off how sexy she is."
I couldn't believe he said that my cheeks turned a little red. On the other hand it made Tommy turned look at me. He did a full sweep from bottom to top.
"Well she sure looks good," he said. "But the long dress covers up those beautiful legs."
"That's only when she's standing still," said my husband. "When she walks the dress is unbuttoned enough so that her legs flash as she walks."
"Well I can't wait to see that," said Tommy.
"No need to wait," said my husband. Then he turned to me and said, "show Tommy those sexy legs."
Show Tommy my legs just like that? It wasn't really a big deal after all he'd seen me in a bikini, But pulling my dress back to show off my legs seemed a bit much. Although I have to admit the idea excited me. It was showing off but I wasn't showing off anything he hadn't seen.
I look at my husband and then at Tommy. I grab the unbuttoned sides of my dress and pulled it back. It was unbuttoned from the bottom almost to my crotch.
"There, doesn't she have great legs?" said Justin.
"She certainly does," said Tommy. "And the rest of her's not bad either."
After that we said our goodbyes and headed out for dinner.
"What were you thinking having me show off to Tommy like that?" I said when we were alone.
"I was thinking how much fun it is to show you off," said my husband. "Are you telling me you didn't like it?"
The problem was I did like it, I enjoyed it too much.
"No I didn't mind," I said
"Didn't mind?" Justin asked.
"OK, I liked it," I admit it.
My husband laughed and took me by the arm. We headed out for dinner. Part of dinner's discussion was me showing off to Tommy. I admit that part of dinner kept me excited and I kept reliving the moment in my head. Once again when we got home I practically attacked my husband and fucked his brains out.
The next morning we got up and decided to go for breakfast and to the pool. I started to put on my bikini because we're going to go to the pool right after breakfast. As I start putting on the top Justin stopped me.
"You don't need that," he said.
"What do you mean I don't need it?" I asked.
"Everyone has seen you topless. You're not going to wear your top at the pool. So why do you need at all?" Justin replied.
"But what am I supposed to wear? I can't just walk to breakfast topless." I said.
"Wear your cover-up," he suggested.
My cover-up was practically see-through, no, it was see-through, it covered nothing. I thought about how I would feel wearing just that and my bikini bottoms to breakfast. I realized the idea excited me. I thought about who would be at breakfast. I was pretty sure Tommy would be there, along with both the owners.
"OK if you're sure, I will, If you think it's OK," I said trying to push the responsibility back on him.
"No only do it if you want to," he said.
I looked at the bikini top I was holding in my hand. I looked at my husband. "Really?" I asked.
"Only if you want to," he repeated.
I took the bikini top and put it back in my suitcase. I pulled the cover up on. I could feel my nipples get hard under the light material.
Bikini bottom on, my tits on display, I looked at my husband and said, "let's go."
When we got there the two owners and their son Tommy were already seated.
"Oh, good morning dear," said the owner's wife.
"Good morning," I responded a little shakily.
"Going swimming after breakfast?" she asked.
I could feel all their eyes on me. It made me feel exposed, which to my surprise, really turned me on.
"Well, I don't think they'd let me go anywhere else dressed like this!" I quipped.
"With a body like yours," she replied, "they should, they should."
We ate breakfast and had pleasant normal conversation. Then we'vegot up to go to the pool and thanked our host for breakfast.
"Do you mind if I go with you?" asked Tommy.
I looked at my husband.
"No we don't mind at all," he said.
"I'll just go get my trunks," said Tommy.
To my shock my husband responded, "Oh you don't need them,"
Tommy just laughed and headed to his cabin to get his suit.
I gave my husband a dirty look and we headed to the pool.
Tommy arrived a few minutes later. We were lying in our lounge chairs. He greeted us and pulled up a chair next to us. I was still wearing my cover up.
"Let's go in," said my husband.
He stood up and held his hand out to pull me up. I stood up next to him. He got behind me and put his arms around me holding me facing Tommy. I felt tommy's eyes look me over. Still facing Tommy my husband took the shoulders of the cover up and slowly pulled it apart and off my body. Tommy really couldn't see anything more, after all the cover-up was nearly see-through but somehow this act of undressing me made me feel sexy.
I stood there submissively as the robe fell from my shoulders to the ground.
My husband then took my hand and we went in the pool as if nothing happened. Tommy dived in to join us. We swam and we chatted and truthfully I became very comfortable with my breasts on display as well as enjoyed it.
I spent the day by the pool topless. We were joined by our hosts, and at one point Tommy had to leave. When our hosts joined us they stopped by my chair to chat a while. The husband was certainly checking me out it was making me feel a little wet between the legs being checked out like this.
We decided to go out for lunch. I put on a sundress and panties I was about to put on a bra when I looked at my husband and said, "You don't want me to wear that, do you?"
"I think you look much better without it," he said.
I threw the bra back in the suitcase and we headed out for lunch.
We spent the day sightseeing and had dinner out. We returned to the B&B as it was getting dark. I stepped out on the deck to enjoy the sunset. My husband stepped up behind me and put his arms around me. He kissed my neck. His arms came up and gently caressed my breast through my dress. I moaned.
"That feels good," I said.
My husband then proceeded to grab the hem of my dress and pull it up over my head. I stood there, tits exposed to the sunset. Without really thinking I glanced over at Tommy's cabin. This time I was pretty sure I saw him in the window but the dusk made everything hazy. The lights went off in the window. I wondered if he was sitting in the dark watching me.
"I think Tommy is watching us," I said.
"Is that a problem?" Justin replied kissing my neck again.
"Mmmmmmm... I guess not," I moaned, tilting my head back to give him better access.
I felt him hook his thumbs in the band of my panties. He pushed them down over my hips to the deck. I knew he was going to fuck me.
"What if he sees us," I said with a bit of concern.
"I hope he does," said Justin as his hand cupped my pussy.
The thought of being watched sent a hot flash through my body. Justin slid a finger into my pussy. I was already wet.
"Ohhh... feels like someone likes being watched," he said as he felt my wetness.
With one hand he played with my nipples, the other fingered my pussy and played with my clit. I wondered if Tommy could see me. Was he even looking? I moaned.
I put my hands on the deck railing to steady myself. I felt him let go of me. I looked over my shoulder and watched him as he undressed. I stood there at the railing, my nipples hard in the light breeze, my legs parted. I was ready to be fucked. As I stood there I would glance back to the window and wondered if Tommy was watching.
I was looking at the window when my husband wrapped his arms around my waist again. He startled me.
"Oh? Where were you?" He asked with a laugh in his voice.
"Nowhere," I answered shyly.
Again he slid a finger into my pussy.
"You were wondering if he was watching, weren't you?" he said in a quiet whisper.
"You're wondering if he sees your naked body. How well do you think he can see? Think he can see my fingers in your pussy? If he were closer he could see how hard your nipples are," he continued.
I moaned again.
"Fuck me," I breathed.
I bent over the railing. I felt his cock against my pussy. He slid right in. I was wet and ready for him. I let out a deep breath as I felt his cock fill me up.
"God yes," I moaned.
Justin started fucking me with long hard strokes. It was perfect. In the light of the setting sun and a light breeze being fucked felt wonderful. The slow strokes were right for the moment. I looked at the window again. This time I could swear I could see his face. I stared hard at the window. As Justin pumped me from behind I could feel my orgasm grow.
"I think I see him," he said. "I think he is watching."
"Mmmmmm...," I moaned.
My husband started fucking me harder.
"Fuck yes," he said. "He's there. In the window."
Then, as he fucked me, my husband raised a hand and waived towards the window.
That was it. "Jesus," I moaned as he continued to fuck me.
The face moved closer to the window. Oh my god, he was watching. My orgasm washed over me. My knees buckled. If Justin hadn't been holding me, I would have fallen.
Justin must have noticed too.
"Oh Fuck," he said as he shot my pussy full of cum.
The feeling of his hot cum along the walls of my pussy made me come again. I collapsed on the railing.
Justin pulled out of me, turned me around, and kissed me. I could feel his messy cock against my body. I grabbed it with my hand and gave it a few strokes. I then brought my fingers to my mouth and licked them clean.
"Fuck that was hot," he said.
I kissed him again. Hard. I wasn't sure what to say. I just fucked my husband with someone watching. Not only that, but I loved it.
It was starting to get cool out. My husband got some blankets and we sat on the deck chairs side by side, not talking much, until it was time for bed.
The next morning we got up for breakfast. Again we planned on swimming. This time I didn't hesitate. I put on my suit bottoms and cover up I wondered if Tommy would be at breakfast. I both hoped he would be and hoped he wouldn't be.
When we got to the table the hosts and Tommy were already there. The difference was, the hostess was topless. She was wearing just the bottoms of a tiny string bikini.
"Good morning," she said. "I heard you guys had s great night last night."
I must have turned beat red. Did Tommy tell his folks what he saw?
Somewhere in the back of my mind I heard Justin say, "it was a great evening. The sunset is so beautiful from the deck."
"Yes," said Tommy. "That deck is perfect for enjoying the sunset or anything else for that matter."
Our hosts gave a knowing chuckle.
"Well, I guess you don't need this," said my husband.
I felt his hands go to my shoulders. He started to push my coverup down my shoulders. I didn't stop him. I just let it slide off my shoulders and arms till I was standing there topless.
I sat down at the table. I didn't say much. I could hear the conversation going on around me. Here we were, two women topless together, and conversation was just normal breakfast chat. I didn't really participate. All I could think of was that Tommy had watched me get fucked and told his parents. The thought excited me, and embarrassed me. I could feel my pussy tingling as the conversation continued around me. I mean, not only had I been watched, but he told his parents! Oh my god!
After breakfast we headed out to the pool. It wasn't long before we were joined by Tommy and his folks.
Tommy came up and asked if he could sit with us.
"Of course," said Justin. "Pull up a chair."
Tommy pulled up a chair and engaged my husband in conversation. I barely paid attention. All I could think of was Tommy watching me lay there topless after seeing me fuck the night before.
Tommy's dad walked over and also engaged Justin in conversation. I just laid there feeling his eyes on my tits. I was getting wet. All of a sudden I heard my name in the conversation.
"Are you enjoying yourself?" asked Tommy's dad. "You look great!" He continued."
"Yes, I've been having a great time," I responded. "It's so peaceful and beautiful."
"Well you are a beautiful addition," commented Tommy.
I blushed. "Thank you, but I'm sure I'm not as pretty as the college girls you usually hang out with."
Tommy laughed, "Let's just say you are just as pretty and a hell of a lot classier."
I blushed again.
Then my husband jumped in, "and she's got great tits."
I was stunned. I couldn't believe he said that.
Tommy laughed. "Amazing tits," he agreed.
"I gotta agree," chimed in Tommy's father.
I got bold. "Oh so now we're all checking out my tits?" I chided them with a fake pout.
"Oh no," said Tommy, "we've been checking out your ass too."
"Pigs," I laughed. "I'm going swimming."
I got up to walk to the pool. I could feel all three sets of eyes on me. I turned my head to look at them. Then an evil thought came into my head. As I walked away I put my thumbs in the waistband of my bikini and pulled it down to flash my ass.
I wiggled it a bit and said, "there, happy?"
There were comments of support from each of them. It made me feel sexy and bold. I dived in the pool.
I was soon followed to Justin and Tommy. Justin grabbed me by the legs and pulled me under. He then lifted me out of the water and threw me towards Tommy. Tommy took the opportunity, grabbed me, and threw me back. As he did he placed his hand firmly on my ass.
Thus began a game of tag/keep away with both men grabbing at me and throwing me. My ass and my tits got a lot of attention from both of them. My adrenaline was running and my pussy was very aware of the hands at my crotch and tits.
The game was pretty grabby and I was getting hot, I decided to get out of the pool.
"Ok,that's enough guys," I laughed as I started to dry off. I was completely aware of all eyes on my tits.
Justin and I were going to head out for lunch and sightseeing. I pulled on a pair of panties and a light blue dress. The dress was another wrap dress and wrapped around my waist tying at the hip. The neckline plunged to below my tits.
As we were leaving we passed Tommy in the living room.
"Looking hot Karen," he said.
I blushed.
Justin agreed,but rather than saying something to me he talked directly to Tommy.
"She does look hot, doesn't she?" He said.
"Well," Tommy responded. "I'd rather be looking at her tits and ass again," he laughed.
"Well, Maybe soon," Justin responded.
Soon? Maybe soon? What did that mean? What did Tommy think it meant.
As soon as we were in the car I questioned Justin.
"What did that mean?" I asked.
"What?" he responded.
"You told Tommy he could see my tits and ass soon?" I told him.
"What? Oh come on. We were just joking around," he said.
"So you don't want him to see my tits and ass?" I asked.
"Well, now that you put it that way...", his voice trailed off.
He changed the subject. We headed out and had a great day.
On the way home it was getting dark. I had butterflies in my stomach. I wasn't sure what to expect. I mean earlier today he practically promised Tommy he'd see more of me naked. Would he fuck me over the railing again? What else could he mean? Probably just all talk.
We got to the house and Tommy was in the lobby.
"Hey guys, have a good day," he asked.
"It was really nice," I said.
"Well, you look as good as you did when you went out. Maybe even better. I like your hair a little bit mussed up. It kinda looks like you just had sex," he replied.
Just had sex? Talk about turning the conversation.
Justin reached up and messed up my hair more. That looks more like she just had sex. Justin laughed, "You should see her when she's just had sex. She glows all over."
Tommy replied, "I'd love to," and then he added, "at least closer up."
Justin laughed, "Oh, we were wondering how much you could see from the cabin.
I turned red. So he was watching. In the back of my head I knew he was, But now I was faced with the truth. The reality was I loved it. I could feel my whole body tingling in my pussy start to get wet.
Justin then changed the conversation. "Are your folks here?" he asked.
"No," Tommy replied. "They went into town. "Won't be home for a few hours."
"Would you like to join us for a glass of wine on the deck?" Justin asked.
Tommy was quick to respond, "I'd love to." He even offered to get the wine.
Tommy grabbed a bottle of wine and three glasses. We all headed for the deck off the main room just in time to catch the last bit of sunset. I stood between them sipping my wine.
"This is so beautiful," I commented. "I love being out here. I feel so free."
"It is nice," said Tommy. I often come out here at night and look at the stars." Then he added, "but tonight we have something even better to look at.
"Oh stop it," I protested. "I'm twice your age. I'm sure there were girls at school much prettier than me."
"They didn't have your class. There were pretty girls, but they hadn't grown into their bodies yet. You have a certain poise and confidence that makes you more beautiful than any of them," he replied.
He said it with such sincerity I believed him. It made me feel good and a little bit warm.
"Thank you," I said. Then I added," You're a very handsome young man also."
Justin laughed, "and me?" he asked.
"You are a very handsome man too," I laughed. "I, a very lucky girl to be enjoying the sunset with two such handsome men."
Justin put his arm around my waist, turned his head, and kissed me,
"Mmmmmm...," I moaned into the kiss.
Tommy just watched. "That looked nice," he said.
"It was," said Justin. Then he added the words that started it all. "You should try it."
Tommy put his arm around my waist and pulled me towards him. I looked at Justin he just had a big smile on his face. He made a small kissing motion with his lips. Tommy put his other hand on my cheek and gently turned me towards him. His face was close to mine. He smelled like the garden. Earthy with floral and grasses. His hand on my face was slightly rough from the work he'd been doing all summer.
My mind was racing. This would be the first man I kissed, other than Justin since I got married. Justin and I talked about this in the bedroom. He often teased me about other men. I admit it always got me going, but this was the real thing. Did Justin really want this? He seemed to be smiling and encouraging me.
These thoughts all flashed through my mind, but I didn't have time to dwell on them. Tommy's lips reached mine and kissed me. It started off slow and tentative, but as we kissed I let myself go to the moment. I put my arms around his neck and parted my lips. I felt his tongue flick mine. I responded with passion.
When he finished kissing me he looked and Justin and said, "you're right. She's an amazing kisser."
Justin pulled me back to him and kissed me again, "You bet," he said. Then passed me back to Tommy who kissed me again.
My knees were getting weak. My body was alive. I could feel all my nerve endings tingling. I was being passed between two handsome men and loving it. My pussy was soaked and my breathing was ragged.
As Tommy kissed me his hand slid down and cupped my ass. Justin noticed and said, "doesn't she have a great ass.
No protest, just commenting on my ass, obviously comfortable with Tommy's hand on my ass.
Me? It felt like the hand was burning through the material of my dress and panties. Like I could feel it directly on my ass.
Tommy's hand started to roam my ass. "Yes, she does," he said.
I felt Justin move up behind me. He put his hands on my waist and kissed my neck. I tensed up.
"You are a beautiful woman," he said. "Relax." Then he slid my dress down my shoulder a bit and started kissing my shoulders.
Meanwhile Tommy and I were still kissing. The feeling of Tommy's lips and tongue on my lips and mouth, and Justin's lips and hot breath on my shoulders had me creaming. I was wet. I let myself go to the feeling, I threw one arm around Tommy's neck and with the other reached back and held Justin's head. I moaned and kissed Tommy back fervently. Tommy's hand continued to explore my ass as he kissed me.
Tommy stopped kissing me for a moment. I turned my head to Justin and kissed him. His hands slid up from my waist and caressed my breasts through the material. I moaned again.
Justin's hands went to either side of my wrap dress. He reached inside and caressed my tits directly. Tommy stopped kissing me to see what Justin was doing.
"You have gorgeous tits," he said.
"Yes she does," said Justin as he pulled the material from my dress apart completely exposing my tits.
Tommy wasted no time in lowering his head to my nipples and sucking on them. Whichever breast he didn't have his mouth on, Justin had his hand on and played with my nipple. He continued to kiss my neck from behind.
The feeling of these two handsome men paying attention to me was electric. I could feel all the nerve endings on my body clicking. Tommy now had both hands on my ass as he continued to suck my tits and caress my ass through my dress. Justin continued kissing my neck and shoulders. I moaned again.
Justin's hands slid down to the tie holding my dress closed.
I looked at him. "You sure?" I asked quietly.
With that he kissed my lips and pulled the tie. My dress opened up exposing my body in just panties and heels. Tommy reached up and slid the dress off my shoulders. I lowered my arms and let it fall to the floor.
Justin reached around and started playing with my nipples again. Tommy slid his hands into the back of my panties. His rough hands felt good against my skin. I pushed back against his hands.
Justin whispered in my ear, "What do you want?"
Want? I wanted to be fucked. I wanted both their cocks. I wanted to be used, ravaged, taken. What did I want? I whispered, "everything."
"Let's take her to the couch," said Justin.
They guided me inside to the couch. Justin sat beside me kissing me and playing with my breasts. Tommy knelt on the floor in front of me between my legs.
Tommy took the band of my panties and started to slide them down my hips. I again looked at Justin and whispered, "are you sure?"
He again kissed me for an answer. I lifted my hips to let Tommy slide my panties all the way off.
There is a weird feeling being naked in front of two totally dressed men. It feels totally vulnerable but completely sexy.
As I sat there Tommy lifted my legs over his shoulders. He kissed his way slowly down my thighs. My pussy dripped in anticipation. Justin continued to kiss me. His hand slid down to my pussy. As Tommy kissed my legs Justin started to finger my pussy. He ran his fingers over my clit and slid two fingers into me. I was very wet and they slid right in. I moaned. He then took his index finger and swirled it around my clit. I squirmed and pressed myself against his fingers.
His finger then disappeared. I made a small whimper of protest however in a moment it was replaced by a set of lips on my clit. My body shuddered. Justin brought his fingers to my mouth. I hungrily licked them off as Tommy's lips lightly sucked my clit. His tongue lightly swirled around my clit and ran down my pussy lips.
Justin continued to kiss me and play with my tits. The feeling of being eaten while having my nipples played with was exquisite but I was beginning to want cock. I reached over, undid Justin's pants, and pulled out his cock. It felt good in my hands, familiar.
I guided him up on his knees and took his cock in my mouth. The velvet skin against my lips and the tongue between my legs brought me to my first orgasm. I shuddered and sighed. I looked at Justin and said, "I need to be fucked."
Justin looked at Tommy and smiled. I felt Tommy's lips leave my pussy. I groaned as they did. Still sucking Justin's cock, I watched Tommy stand up and start undressing. My mind was racing. Was I really going to fuck this guy? Justin wanted me to, I could see the lust on his face as his hand slid down to play with my wet pussy as he watched Tommy and me. I had to admit, I wanted it too. Two men, a strange cock, how much naughtier could I be.
Tommy knelt between my legs again. He grabbed my legs and pulled toward him. My husband took the leg closest to him and pulled my legs apart holding that leg.
I looked at him one more time for reassurance
"I love you," he said as Tommy's cock entered me.
I stopped sucking Justin's cock for just a moment as I felt the whole length of Tommy's cock slide into me. I was so wet it entered me easily. He started fucking me with long slow strokes.
Justin pressed his cock back against my lips. I parted them and took him back in my mouth. Justin again started playing with my nipples.
With each stroke of Tommy's cock I moaned around Justin's cock in my mouth. My eyes were open and I looked at Justin. I felt so connected to him. Like it was his cock in both my mouth and pussy.
As Tommy fucked me I could feel my orgasm rise. It washed over me like a wave of electricity. I let Justin's cock slip out of my mouth as the feelings took over.
"Oh god, yes," I hissed. "Yes."
"I want to see that hot ass," Tommy said.
He pulled me off the couch onto the floor. I was kneeling, and facing the couch. He bent my body forward so my head and chest were on the couch. His cock entered me. This time he started fucking me harder than before. He'd jam his cock in me then pull out slowly. I loved it.
In this position I could only watch Justin sitting on the couch next to me. He was watching me get fucked as he stroked his cock. I felt like his personal porn star.
Tommy continued to fuck me. Then he pulled out. Grabbing his cock and he rubbed the tip against my clit. Then he slid his cock down my pussy slit to my ass, then back to my clit. As he did this you could hear the wetness as his cock slapped against it.
Then he grabbed my asscheeks, he used them to pull me onto his cock. He spread them as he grabbed them. All of a sudden I felt his thumb at the entrance to my asshole. I had so much pussy juice on my ass his thumb slipped right in. I'd never done anal before and this was a new feeling. I liked it. I pushed back to get his whole thumb in my ass as he fucked me.
I could feel another orgasm rising.
Just then the door opened and in walked Tommy's parents.
The shock of being caught, the idea of being watched as I was being such a slut, I came, I came hard.
"Oh fuck! Oh fuck, God,yes, oh fuck," I practically screamed.
Tommy's parents took in the scene.
His mom laughed and said, "looked like you're enjoying yourselves. Have fun," and they left the room.
"Oh my god, that was so hot," said Justin.
I lay there panting. Tommy's cock still inside me. Tommy rolled me over onto the floor on my back. He climbed between my legs and started fucking me again. Justin knelt by my head, his cock inches from my face jacking off.
"Come on Tommy," he said. "Fill her up with cum."
Tommy started fucking me harder. Fast hard strokes. I pushed my hips into him to meet every thrust.
That's it, that's it, fuck her," urged Justin.
As Tommy fucked me I felt the orgasm in me rising again.
"Fuck me, Fill me up with cum, God yes, fuck me," I cried.
I briefly wondered if his parents could hear me. I didn't care, but the thought excited me.
Tommy kept fucking me. My orgasm hit.
"Fuck yes, I'm cumming, fuck, fuck, fuck,"
As I came so did Tommy. I could feel the hot cum fill me up. I wrapped my legs around him and pulled him deep into me.
Tommy collapsed onto me.
"Oh my god, that was amazing," said my husband and he leaned over and kissed me.
Tommy rolled beside me and took my hand.
I thought that was it, but then my husband climbed between my legs lifted them over his shoulders and entered me. I could feel Tommy's juices being squeezed out of me as my husband thrust into me.
"I love you," he said.
"I love you too," I responded.
========================
Author's note: Please don't forget to rate this story. Feel free to leave a comment. I read all of them.
Thank you to my over 4000 followers. I keep writing for you.