I met Sophie in the early summer a few years ago, she was a friend of the girl I had a huge crush on and at the time it seemed she took a shine to me, but being so wrapped up in her friend I wasn't very interested. Something I would come to regret for a while.
Over the following weeks I barely saw any of those girls and by the time I plucked up the courage to ask Sophie on a date it turned out she had just got a boyfriend. I was downhearted but was ok with it, I could still get to know her and be her friend. I was just finishing college and she was a year younger, though only a teen she could have passed for being in her 20's, she had both beauty and enthusiasm - she had the body of someone older and as it turned out experience to match it!
I however had never been too lucky in love, though not ugly or unlikeable I lacked confidence often needed and had never really had a girlfriend. I was always wanting to be a gentleman rather than a player keeping score, I would sit back and wonder why these girls would ask for a guy like me only to then run off with a complete idiot? I found out its often because those guys would make it clear what they wanted and girls like that, even if they do really want the gentleman underneath.
As college began to approach the end of the year, and the end of my time there, Sophie and I had had a few decent conversations, and she said how her boyfriend as well as her best friend where both going away for most of the summer holidays and she wasn't sure what she would do because none of her other friends where that close, I lived 5 minutes walk away and said she could hang out with me anytime she liked, not expecting her too at all!
But she did, almost instantly, she was around my house and I was around hers, we would walk too and from college together and we would just spend every spare moment at each others houses, and when we weren't together we where on the phone to each other, a strong friendship grew remarkably quickly and I was just so blown over by her boldness, some of the things she would say or ask where just so... I had never talked of such things before.
She wanted to know my sexual experiences, if I masturbated and how often, what too, did I ever think of her when I did?.. I gave her a coy look and she would grin with a playful giggle.
"What do you think about when you think of me?"
She had the most amazing long brown hair, the prettiest face, a beautifully toned stomach and well shaped legs, but the killer attribute was her breasts. A large CC on her athletic frame, very firm. She often talked of not wearing a bra and being proud that she didn't need to, i had rarely seen this actually occur though at that time but the idea really turned me on.
.
"I just think of how pretty you are", I blurted.
I was still new to this kind of opening up and she just said "aww how sweet." and left it at that.... for now. But she would tease of things all the time and she seemed to love to try and tease me sexually, she loved to sunbath and she would strip down to her bikini right in front of me, wearing it underneath her clothes. This would never fail to turn me on but just being around her was arousing.
If I was lucky she would wear something revealing, a short skirt or tube top, she wasn't a fan of her legs or stomach though I often said how great they where. And though she said she hated to show off her body Im pretty sure she loved it, because she would always like the looks and compliments going her way when she did.
I had been learning to drive for the last few months, and eventually I passed my driving test, I already had a car that I had bought using money I had inherited following the death of my father years prior. This new freedom unlocked a world of possibilities for Sophie and I. She loved to go driving and loved to go shopping, she loved to try on new things and show me them and I loved her dressing up for me. We would walk around the shops and she'd give playful little comments about wearing a dress like that with no underwear or that she liked denim jackets but would want to go without a bra or anything else underneath. I would say to do it and she'd give a cheeky grin and say "maybe.."
What I could never quite understand was her choosing of entire outfits just to go shopping in, but again I loved the dress up act and she was planning a holiday with Danny her boyfriend when he got back from his long trip in America so wanted do get all she could before he got back. She wanted clothes to wow him and remind him what he missed, the things we looked at at times blew my mind.
I remember one time we where out and saw a few things she wanted to try on, one top tied up the middle of the front, from cleavage down to the pubic muscle, meaning it would reveal quite a bit of cleavage and skin and that nothing could be worn underneath. I stood outside the changing room waiting for her to come out. At first she came out wearing the other items which weren't that great, she then came out wearing the top which was actually quite subtle and nice, we both liked it and she wanted to buy it, as she got back in the changing room she left the curtain quite open at one side and I could see in so clearly from just outside the changing rooms, i found myself staring in like I've never stared at anything before, the excitement of what I may see was pitching a tent in my trousers and with her back turned I realised she may turn around and see me staring...did she do this deliberately? Either way I didn't care I was watching until someone told me not too, the rest of the world stopped and everything seemed to go into slow motion. With her back turned Sophie began to pull the top up and up, it got to the point where her bra strap would be but of course there was no bra... the top went over her head and there she was topless. She stopped and looked at herself for a moment with her back still facing me before turning slightly giving me a view of the side of her breast and then her nipple sticking out a long way. I waited for her to grab her red bra and the red halter top she had been wearing that day but only saw her grab a red top, she pulled it over her head and down past her breasts, I then realised she wasn't putting a bra on as she pulled the ties up around her neck and tied the back. She suddenly turned the other way and came out the side of the booth that hadn't been open... maybe this was luck or maybe it was deliberate but either way she didn't have to deal with the curtain being a quarter open on the other side. As she came out i realised the top she had was a different one to what she was wearing earlier, it was more like spandex than her cotton one and clung to her like a second skin, her nipples stuck out and I could clearly see her areolas. The top only covered her breasts leaving her stomach exposed, I loved how much of her it showed but agreed it didn't look right and wouldn't be a good buy.
As she went back in the changing room I hoped she would leave the curtain so open again but she seemed to see the gap on the open side as it had now grown leaving the booth half open and she closed it leaving just a peek open, I couldn't really see in and realised it was probably for the best.
On another shopping trip at a different mall she went to try on some clothes and once again wanted me to go into the changing area with her, not the booth itself just the area outside that, and as seemed to always be the case there weren't any other customers around and no attendant to tell me I couldn't be in the female changing area. Rather than curtains this place had wooden doors with a big slit at head height where you could see in and out, I stood a way back with Sophie feeling weird asking if I could see in, I could only see her face and assured her of that and she eventually began to change, when she got to her bra she once again looked up and said "can you see in?" I looked her in the eye then pretended to look down her body and back up before she shouted to stop teasing, I said "who's teasing your stood in front of me undressing? With that she looked me in the eyes and unhooked her bra holding it next to her head, she then put her hand through the slit and asked me to take her bra and look after it as she wouldn't need it anymore. a few moments later she opened the doors wearing a bright red shirt, she had clearly struggled to do all the buttons up so I suggested a more liberal look and to undo some of them, so she undid the top few buttons leaving her large cleavage on view along with a good portion of breast. She then decided to undo a few at the bottom of the shirt leaving her stomach somewhat exposed, I could see her belly and with only two buttons tied whilst being quite well covered she looked really sexy and decided to buy the shirt.
When Sophie left the changing room she was back in the white top she arrived in of course this time there was nothing to hold her breasts in place and the circle of her nipples was darker and quite visible, but she acted as though nothing was any different and spent the rest of the day like that.
Following these trips and a few others Sophie would more and more often choose tops that eccentuated her breasts, and then chose not to wear a bra when doing so, this meant that if we did go shopping whatever she tried in the shops she still didn't have a bra on, i think we both got a kick from this, Shirts and halter tops, thin white tops all looked stunning, she would leave a few buttons on shirts undone to show her braless nature and ridiculous amount of cleavage, it was often such a distraction I cant actually remember anything else because my entire focus was on the beauty in front of me.
A few weeks before the end of term the weather was warm and Sophie was wearing a short black skirt and a white strappy top, she had an actual shirt in her bag but would remove it whenever she wasn't in class.
On that particularly hot day we had just met outside my car waiting to go home, or somewhere at least when she started conversation in ways only Sophie could.
"I forgot to wear a bra today Ben" ,
"How do you forget to wear a bra?" I replied,
"Im not sure I was just getting dressed and I'm so used to not wearing one in this hot weather that I guess I just forgot! The boys in my classes didn't seem to mind, though it wasn't obvious I don't think"
"No I wouldn't have known. Next you'll be going without all your underwear!" I said jokingly.
"well....now you mention it.."
My face looked bemused yet I was turned on...what did she mean?
"Sophie?...." I said with a tone resembling that of a concerned father.
"I was bored in classes in the morning and had an idea and thought it would be a real turn on for me to go the rest of day without anything but my skirt and top. No one was going to know it was just a secret guilty pleasure for myself.
Anyway I removed my lace thong before art class and went in as usual. A couple of the guys had been mucking around and started to joke about my skirt and how short it was, how they could see my underwear and I remember thinking you really can't as its in my bag! Anyway the teacher kept leaving the room and they started to try and go under the desk before others in class told them to knock it off. But they wouldn't stop so I said, look if you behave Ill show you my panties when class has ended. So as everyone left the 3 of us stayed behind, the teacher had already gone into the room next door to start the next class and I pulled up a chair and sat it in front of me backward, i then sat down spreading my legs wide. This exposed so much of me but only to the back of the chair, it yanked my skirt right up to my ass and I felt deliciously wicked. The boys sat down in front of me waiting for a view. I said are you sure you want to see and they nodded furiously expecting me to stand up, instead I reached into my bag which I had placed between my legs covering what was exposed to the chair and reached in grabbing my lace thong. I scrunched it into a ball and pulled it out before telling the boys to close there eyes and hold out there hands, at first they refused and then tried to sneak a look before they did as they where told, I then stood up and re adjusted my skirt before walking up to them and putting my thong in one of there hands. I walked toward the door and said they could now look and as they both realised what the one of them was holding I ran off!
"Thats insane. Thats so hot" I shuddered as I struggled to contain the sexual tension in my trousers, the story had made me nearly cum and I hadn't even been touched.
"You think so?"
"Erm, YEAH, I'm....i'm...stunned." So your still...you know?"
"Yeah I'm not wearing any underwear, its kind of liberating maybe ill do it more often. Im thinking of shaving off my landing strip down there too, I like the idea of being all smooth down there then if I'm wearing a skirt and draft goes up my skirt ill feel incredibly sexy"
"Or cold!" I retorted,
"Yeah maybe but I think its hot"
"Oh its definitely hot, I'm not going to be able to stand up for about a week!"
"Your sweet. So could we stop by my place and pick up some underwear?" Sophie asked gently.
"I have a better idea, lets not! Its so hot and sunny lets just go somewhere, anywhere you want except home or shopping"
"Erm, the beach!" she squealed.
The beach was about an hours drive and not a drive I had one before but the idea was a great one so i went with it and off we headed with almost no idea what to do when we got there.
It was actually pretty quiet when we arrived as it was late in the afternoon and a weekday, so once we parked we headed out onto the sand, Sophie removed her flat shoes and I took off my shoes and socks.
"Come on Ben we are on the beach take your top off!" Sophie shouted at me
"I really don't like to, but it's so hot... ok" And with that I pulled my polo shirt over my head to a playful wolf whistle.
Sophie then rolled her shirt so it exposed her belly button and the rest of her stomach, making a makeshift bikini top.
"I wish I had a bikini this is so the wrong outfit. its not even like I can strip off these layers and go down to my bra and panties."
"Id sure like to see you try!" was all I could say, it was all I was thinking as we got closer and closer to the water.
We started to paddle and we ended up kicking water at one another, I soon realised with her state of dress the wetter Sophie's white top was the more transparent it would be, it went from a few gentle kicks of water to both hands literally throwing water at one another like we where in a sinking boat, we got closer and closer before she grabbed me and we lost our footing falling down into the ocean. It was really quite cold and a sudden shock to us both, we sat up stunned in the water.
As Sophie began to stand I saw her top clinging to her breasts and losing all its white shade to that of her skin. I could see her nipples clearer than ever before and the perfect shape of her breasts. She then looked down and realised.
"Oh my, look at that....no wait don't look! You can see everything!" She screamed.
"You can't say that and expect me not to look its like me saying don't look at my trousers I've got an erection, you instantly will!"
"Have you?" She responded "let me see?!"
"I didn't mean literally...though actually I have" I said as I stood.
"I need to borrow your top I can't wear this now its completely see through" Sophie demanded.
"Id love to lend you it but look its as wet as yours as it was tied around my waist when we fell in."
"Damn, turn around please" She said in a really annoyed tone.
Before I knew it I could hear the ringing out of water and turned to see what she was doing, with her back turned to me she stood there completely topless ringing the water from her top.
"I said don't look, I can feel your eyes on my back." She then pulled her shirt back over her head, it was still damp and now incredibly creased, but it was less transparent.
"You knew this would happen" Sophie snapped at me.
"How could I know! It was your idea to to wear only your skirt and top and it was your idea to come here! And if I think about it really hard it was you who first waded in the ocean and you who kicked water first, then you grabbed me and we fell! - How could I know all that?"
"Well, ok you couldn't but I bet your happy" Sophie responded in an almost sulky voice.
"Look Sophie I know your upset but you look gorgeous, only I saw you and Im going to keep all this a secret no one needs to know."
"Ok thank you. Im not gorgeous though, bet I look horrible now with wet hair and make up all smudged."
"You look amazing trust me".
Following this we walked on the beach for a while waiting for the warm sun to dry us off, it didn't take long and Sophie soon cheered up teasing she'd get her own back. After A while we headed home and as I dropped her off she talked of a nice bath but then asked to see me again later. I began to wonder when she ever saw Danny before she reminded me he was going away in a few weeks and basically wouldn't really be able to see me again until afterward. Though she knew she had offered to pose for some pictures for my final art piece for my exam so that would be the only time id probably see her. This saddened me but at least I could finish all my work while she was elsewhere with Danny.
A few days later she rang me up and asked if we could do the photos the next day. I agreed and she started to ask what I wanted her to wear, or to see if I liked what she wanted to wear.
I want to wear a couple of really sexy dresses and a new skirt, then see what you think."
She talked of having gone back to our favourite shopping centre and buying a jaw dropping top, it was basically a large V that hung from the shoulders and went way down to past the naval. The two strips would go down over the breasts and where about 3 inches thick, leaving a fair bit of breast on show at either side, the back was nothing but some string with some sparkly beads on.
"You need to see this" She proclaimed.
"Well go ahead" no way did I want to miss her wearing such an outfit let alone to take pictures of her in it!
"You think it will be ok? - when you see how much of my boobs are on show? I don't know if id ever dare wear it in public!
"Soph you look insanely good In anything you wear and I would imagine even better when you don't wear anything, don't worry."
"Thats sweet,"
"The topic for my art project is called "concealed and revealed", the top sounds like it is definitely that!! Though i'm not sure its what art teachers had in mind!! Then again they always say its such vague ideas its down to how you interpret them that makes the art. If you would like to wear that when I take some photos of you then nothing would stop me. Nothing!"
She decided to go with the top, and then explained the matching skirt underneath.
It was a very short black skirt, 5 or 6 inches in length, the front had a V which when worn with the top looked like the bottom of the V that started at the shoulders, without the top it just looked like a nice buckle type thing at the front, but next to that was a slit in the skirt, and it went all the way up, the skirt was actually held together with the same string and sparkles as the back of the top, it had 3 of them and nothing else, you could see the whole of the hip underneath.
'I wouldn't be able to wear underwear, and its very short, but its such a great outfit."
All i wanted was to see it all together and I couldn't believe she was game for me taking pictures of her wearing it all? Dare she? Dare I do an art project based on those pictures? It would be so hard..so very hard.
So we agreed to meet and do the shoot, During day leading up to that I found the mental imagery of Sophie wearing that top to be a huge distraction, and the idea of the skirt wurred around and around in my mind.
Two days prior to that she had had her first wax, Turns out after the beach the previous week she followed her idea of removing her landing strip and liked it so much she wanted to have a full wax. And from what she was saying she went crazy with it.
"They did everything, Im totally bald except for my head, feel how smooth I am" Sophie ordered thrusting her arm at me.
"They did my legs, arms, underarms, a full hollywood wax downstairs...meaning everything came off. Im clean as a whistle! Wish you could see how smooth I am"
What a thing to say, she wishes I could see...just i wished I could see. Through the very short but powerful time we had become friends my shy side had all but gone and I pretty much said what I was thinking. So i said show me, she just did her playful giggle and grin and again said "Maybe.."
So this was it, we where going to do a photo shoot in my back garden. I had some small trees and flowers in bloom that would make for a nice backdrop, and my Mum was away with her partner on a cruise that they go on so frequently.
Sophie said she would walk round to my house later as she wanted to surprise me, and surprise me she did.
The door rang and I sprang to attention in more than one way, As I opened the door there Sophie stood with immaculate straight long dark hair, perfect makeup and a long thin jacket.
"Can I take you coat?" I asked
"Not yet, you go set up your camera and Ill be with you in a bit."
"Are you wearing the skirt and top? Or something else?"
"You'll see" She playfully giggled.
I was in the garden checking lighting and the background through the viewfinder, when out she walked. Slowly she walked closer and closer still wearing her coat.
"Where do you want me?" She asked, I pointed to a spot as she started to undo her coat, my mouth watered as I anticipated what was underneath. She kept her back turned and opened the coat holding it wide then letting it fall from her shoulders she caught it in here hands. All I could really see was skin, as the top had almost no backing, she moved her coat from blocking her skirt as I died a little at the beauty before me. The skirt was so short I could see a hint of crack at the bottom of her back, the black material covered about two thirds of her ass and left the rest exposed giving me the best view of her legs and the bottom of her bottom, she turned her head and looked at me with my mouth wide open almost lost entirely to a dream.
"You ok back there honey, its all a bit short you can see rather a lot!"
The skirt was insanely short, and the top was insanely small. I could see all of her right hip and clearly see no sign of any underwear, there was no where for it to go!
"So hows this going to work Ben what do you want me to do?" Sophie asked.
"Well that kind of depends on you really, I mean the project is called concealed and revealed and those clothes are definitely both of those things so if I take a load of pictures with you standing and sitting in different poses I can base a painting on that or put the photos together in some way..."
"Ok, sounds like you have other ideas though...?" Sophie questioned
"Well, clothing by its very nature conceals our nudity, removing it reveals that.."
"So do you want me to pose naked for you?"
Hearing this out loud had my mind in a spin and my heart pounding out my chest again, I had never seen a girl so beautiful in all my life let alone one wearing so little, was she offering to strip or getting annoyed at me asking her to do so?
"Well, would you be prepared too?"..... I paused then thought I should clarify, "I don't need you too be naked, and if you where I would be creative and not show anything too private, but if you want to stay as you are I will have plenty to go on. But you ask if I want you to pose naked? well nothing on earth appeals to me more than that idea, you're like an angel and to be near to you is a blessing, to capture such a thing would be a dream. And this is where Im mixing my professional needs with my own desires and I don't want to do that"
As I was talking i was realising what was right and wrong and realised I couldn't ask her to strip it was just wrong, but my blood was pumping so quick a huge part of me wanted to know if it was possible..
Sophie cut in, "so would you like me to strip or not?"
"Well as i just said sure Id like you too, but I don't need you too. Look if I ever see you naked I want it to be because you want it and because of reasons other than an art project you are helping me with"
Sophie smiled at this and agreed, we then went on to take a number of great photos, having clarified how this was going to go it removed all the tension and she loosened to pose. I got photos of her with her back to the camera looking over her shoulder, having it with her arms raised or reaching out to the sides, she leaned with her back to our veranda and looked longingly down the lens of the camera, she even sat not he floor with her side to me giving a great view of her hip, legs and the sides of her breasts. This outfit was so hot and I couldn't wait to get these pictures onto my computer and developed.
After we shot the photos we went back into the house and up to my bedroom, suddenly Sophie was aware of her state of dress, or lack of.
"This isn't really an outfit for hang in around the house in, I really should have brought some underwear"
Though i knew she wasn't wearing any...hearing her say this made me quiver, I went weak knowing a wrong move could expose her to me fully.
"So Ben are you sure you don't want me to pose nude for you?"
"Sophie I would love nothing more than to take pictures of you like that but it wouldn't be right, I don't need you to do that and Danny would kill me if he knew"
"About that..." she respond, "Danny and I aren't together anymore, we broke up a few days ago"
"What?! Oh no how come? are you ok?"
"Wow Ben you really are sweet, most people in your situation wouldn't be asking that, they'd be trying to take advantage. But you aren't like all the other guys and you proved it again this evening. I would have posed nude for you, but i agree it would be better if that ever happens that the circumstances be different.
Danny and I kept falling out about the way I dress, the people I see and what I want to do in my spare time. Your name came up a lot and I realised he wasn't right for me at all. For our holiday in the south of France in a few weeks, he wanted me to be very conservative and cover up I wanted to loosen up and let go. If he saw me wearing what I am now he wouldn't give compliments he'd want me to cover up immediately"
"Im sorry it hasn't worked, is there anything i can do?" This was about all I could say, i was delighted she wasn't with him now but really didn't want her to be upset, first and foremost we where friends and I cared greatly for her.
"Well this holiday, its all booked and paid for, and he's not coming, would you like to come with me?" Sophie asked,
"Wow, sorry what? Not what I expected thats more a favour to me than me helping you?!"
"Not really, I need a good holiday and you have proved yourself consistently to be someone i can trust, rely on always and someone i love spending time with. Plus if i go a little wild you will look after me, if i dress how i want to you will compliment me. I want to pay you back for the support you have shown and i want us too have a great time away together, will you come?"
It was a no brainer, of course I was going to go, we spent the next few days talking of what we wanted to do on this holiday aswell as preparing for it, i finished up my art project as well as everything else at college and we had a week to buy things for the holiday, Sophie was on a mission to take only the sexiest clothes she could find and I was struggling to believe I was going to be with her for all of this.
"Ben, Danny would never let me wear any of these, he'd think I was out to get another man when he should know I was only ever going to be going back home with him, thats the same for you now. Im going to wear some sexy outfits and try and get lots of looks and comments but I will only ever be leaving with you, I need you to promise to do the same and look after me"
"Sophie of course, I wouldn't want it to be any other way, seeing other men lust after you, probably much like I will, then getting to leave with you and watch the disappointment on their faces will be a huge honour."
Again she smiled and did her playful giggle. This was going to be good.