This is a continuation of "The Power of Suggestion, Ch. 1" If you haven't read that story, I recommend doing so as much of this won't make sense without prior context. I'm still new to writing in general, but as the first chapter seemed to be well received, I decided to continue the story. Please be kind, but all comments and criticism is welcome. If you like what I wrote, let know and I'll work towards adding additional chapters.
Thomas was astounded by the naked woman walking in front of him. Two days ago if someone told him he'd be on the beach with a beautiful woman who didn't hesitate to take her clothes off at his mere suggestion, he would have called them crazy, but here he was. Mary, who he had met the morning before, was currently leading him in the direction of his house. What's more, she wasn't planning on putting her clothes back on all day.
Thomas could only assume that the cube he had picked up the day before was the cause of his new found luck. The words it echoed were clear to him even now.
"Suggest to thee and it shall be."
Something had changed inside of him. He knew he had to experiment further and figure out the limits of his new power.
"So what's for breakfast?" Mary asked, walking backwards, completely ignoring the fact that she was naked. The question snapped Thomas out of his thoughts and back to reality. He had almost forgotten that he'd suggested she come over to eat.
"...Eggs?" was all he could come up with.
"Great!" Mary responded, "Anything else?"
"I should still have some bacon left."
"Perfect! Eggs and bacon sounds great right now!"
As they got closer to his street end, Thomas could see two people walking down the stairs onto the beach. As the only way back to his house would take the naked Mary past them, he needed to come up with a plan to explain her attire.
Mary continued walking and didn't seem to notice the approaching couple until they were well within view.
The two strangers were in their mid 20s. The girl was about 5'8" and slim with blonde hair. She wore a black string bikini that left little to the imagination and Thomas assumed she was a local since this early in the season she already had a decent tan. The man appeared a bit shorter than Thomas and didn't seem to be much of a beach person as he had quite a farmer's tan from what looked like a collared shirt. Both of them seemed stunned and stopped all of a sudden. They had obviously noticed Mary and were looking understandably confused.
"Uh...Hello." Said Thomas. "Nice...day...for a walk?"
The couple didn't seem to pay him any attention. Thomas had to do something or these people might cause a scene, which would attract even more attention, or worse, the police.
"Um...what are your names?" Thomas blurted out. Maybe suggesting something small would be enough.
The couple looked at each other for a moment, seemingly confused, but then turned back and replied, "Jess and Derek."
"Um..." Asked the girl. "Why is she naked?"
Thomas realized that just getting their names wouldn't cut it. He would still have to explain Mary's state of undress to them in a way that they'd (hopefully) understand and accept.
"Mary wanted to see what it felt to go skinny dipping, and then didn't want to get her clothes wet when she got out."
"That makes a little sense I guess, but she's plenty dry now and I don't see any clothes around." Said the Derek. "Not that I'm complaining." that got him a quick jab in the ribs from the girl next to him.
"It's alright as long as we're not bothering anyone isn't it?" Suggested Thomas. That seemed to do the trick as the couple was now visibly more relaxed.
"It's pretty comfortable, and Thomas seems to like it." Mary chimed in. "I didn't think this was something I would be doing today, but it feels great and I don't think it really bothers anyone."
"I supposed it doesn't really bother me, I just don't think I'd ever have the courage to do that myself." Said Jess.
"I think you could do it. You do look pretty great like that." Replied Derek.
Thomas couldn't help himself. He looked towards Jess and said, "I think you should give it a try."
Just like that Jess reached back and pulled the string holding her top together in back and then up to do the same to the string around her neck. As her top fell, Thomas caught his first glimpse of her naked breasts. They were slightly smaller than Mary's, but sat up quite perky with areolas about the size of a half-dollar coin. Her nipples began to stand up as they became exposed to the air.
The next step was her bottoms. Instead of untying the strings at the side, she pushed them down and stepped out of them to reveal a that she was completely shaved apart from a small landing strip above her mound and seemed to be glistening in the morning sun. "What should I do with this?" She asked.
As much as Thomas loved the idea of two naked women without any clothes nearby for them to put on, he already had enough to think about with Mary and decided against suggesting the same to Jess. "You should probably hold onto them." He replied.
"Okay!" Said Jess.
"They should both be fine wearing as little as they like." Thomas said to Derek. He wanted to make sure there were no loose ends with his suggestions.
"I agree that they're both pretty fine!" replied Derek.
"Well we've got to get going. Enjoy the beach." Thomas said, then added, "You should probably put that back on if you see anyone else." He didn't want to get anyone arrested today.
--------------------------------------------
The rest of the walk was pretty uneventful, all things considered. Thomas directed Mary on a path that was off the main road and led directly to the back side of his house. He unlocked the door and opened it for her.
"You can sit anywhere you like." Thomas said to Mary.
"Okay, but do you have a towel or something I can sit on?" Her face was flush and her nipples had been erect since she had taken her clothes off at the beach.
"What for?" Thomas asked, oblivious.
"It's a little embarrassing...but...I'm leaking a little...down there." She said, gesturing towards her pussy.
"Oh...um...sure, give me a sec." Thomas was a bit embarrassed himself and went into the bathroom to grab her a towel.
Mary placed the towel down on the couch and sat down.
"Do you need any help with breakfast?" She asked.
"I should be alright. I'm actually a pretty pro breakfast chef."
"Well then I'm excited to taste it! Guys don't often cook for me."
Girls don't often hang out completely naked in my house, Thomas thought to himself as he began to cook.
When breakfast was ready, he served two plates and sat down next to her on the couch. He was a bit nervous, but figured he was already seeing her naked, why would sitting next to her be a problem?
Mary took a bite and her eyes lit up. "This is amazing! You weren't joking Mr. Pro Chef!"
As they ate, Thomas couldn't help but to stare. He had been with women before, but none had ever just sat around naked eating breakfast. He watched as her breasts moved slightly every time she raised her fork up to her mouth. Every once in a while she would catch him staring and just smile. This had to be a dream, but he had already pinched himself several times and not woken up.
After breakfast was over Mary turned to him and asked, "What now?"
Thomas decided that this was the best possible place to test his new ability and Mary would be a willing test subject, but he didn't want to go too far too fast. "Mary, you said before that you were leaking. Would you tell me what you meant by that?"
"Well, I meant that my pussy was a bit wet and I didn't want to get anything on your couch." She replied.
"Can you show me?" He asked.
At that Mary, who had been sitting with her legs together on the couch, turned towards Thomas and leaned back slightly while she pulled her knees to her chest. "See what I mean?"
Thomas could see her sex glistening but wanted a better view. "Not very clearly. Maybe if you opened your legs?"
Mary spread her knees apart and laid back onto the arm of the couch. Her pussy was now completely exposed to him and the sight of it was making his erection, which had never really gone away since the beach, push even harder against his shorts. Maybe he could take this a step further. After grabbing both plates and putting them in the sink he got an idea.
"I'm starting to feel a bit left out. Do you mind if I take my clothes off as well?" Thomas asked.
"Not at all! You should feel comfortable in your own house!" Mary said.
"Would you help me?"
Mary immediately reached forward and untied his board shorts, allowing them to loosen, but his erection was now more apparent than ever and was preventing them from falling. She reached up and grabbed the front of the waistband and pulled them over his manhood. She could now see him as completely as he could see her. He stood for a second facing her as she stared at his 7 inches standing at attention.
"That looks uncomfortable." Mary said as Thomas sat back down. She leaned back on the couch.
"Yea it is a bit." Thomas had basically been erect for almost two hours straight, and with the way things were going, he'd likely remain that way all day unless he had a release. "I hope it doesn't offend you. Seeing a naked woman in front of me was kind of a shock, so I don't think it may be like this for a while."
"Not at all! It's actually reassuring. It lets me know that you find me attractive!" She replied. "If you need to take care of it, I don't mind."
That seemed to be an invitation for him to masturbate. He wasn't about to let this opportunity pass him by, but he was still nervous. This was a lot happening all at once. He gradually reached down and began slowly stroking himself. Mary just sat in silence, seeming to be waiting for him to say something. He decided it was time to be bold, and all of a sudden he began speaking without thinking.
"It would help if I could touch you." Mary didn't reply. She simply slid over close to Thomas and presented herself to him.
Thomas tentatively reached his hand towards her breast and when it was about an inch away, she leaned forward, pushing herself into him. Thomas cupped his hand around the soft flesh he was touching and began stroking faster. He moved his hand slightly and noticed that her nipple was still hard from earlier. Looking over, he noticed that she was still positioned with her legs spread apart and that she was now quite wet.
"I don't think I should be the only one touching myself." Thomas said.
At that, Mary slid her hand quickly between her legs and started massaging her clit in small circles, as if she had been waiting for him to suggest it.
Thomas masturbated fairly often, but this was a whole new world of pleasure. He wanted to continue, but he felt like he was already pushing some moral boundaries. Then he got the best idea he'd had all day.
"You should do whatever you desire." He felt a bit corny saying it, but the effect was immediate.
Mary reached over and grabbed his cock and began stroking. This wasn't a direct suggestion, but instead a choice she was given. It may have been a result of her state of undress or the events since, but she was now doing what she wanted, all on her own, and she wasn't done.
After a few minutes using her hand, Mary slid off the couch and knelt in front of Thomas. She looked him straight in the eyes as she leaned down and took his entire length in her mouth. All the while, she still had her hand rubbing her pussy and was occasionally letting out some soft moans.
This was absolutely fantastic. This was his first blowjob in years and she was at least mostly doing it of her own free will. Unfortunately, his long drought also meant that he probably wouldn't last very long. Looking down at the girl's head bobbing up and down in his lap, he said softly, "I'm about to cum."
Picking up the pace slightly, Mary uttered a muffled, "Mmmhmmmm," and looked back up at Thomas. She was now rubbing herself faster than ever and her moans were much more consistent.
With a single grunt, Thomas reached one of the best orgasms of his entire life. As he pumped jets of semen into Mary's mouth, she rubbed herself even faster. Cleaning him off with her lips as she removed his cock from her mouth, she swallowed his entire load and then let out one more loud moan, sending her body over the edge into the ecstasy of orgasm.
A few minutes later, both of them were still panting and catching their breath.
---------------------------------------------
The day continued much the same way for a while. Thomas kept thinking up new suggestions to test his ability, and then when he couldn't take it any more, he'd suggest something that would get them both off. The second time, he figured he should probably return the favor, and went down on her, then the third time Mary straddled him in reverse and sucked him off as he licked her from underneath.
At one point, he suggested that she should get on her hands and knees in front of him. She then proceeded to let him take a close look at her from any angle he wanted and touch her as he pleased. Thomas touched her all over. He ran his fingers along her back, across her chest, played with her breasts, and tugged on her nipples. He then went around behind her and ran his fingers along her slit and got a kick out of it when a light touch of her butthole caused her to squeal.
He did all this, but had still not penetrated her. If it was going to happen, he didn't want it to be forced. It had to be her decision.
The day seemed like it was going to be over before anything else happened, and then she said it.
"Why haven't you fucked me yet?"
Thomas was dumbfounded. He didn't know what to say.
"I've been pretty patient, but I can't wait any more." Said Mary.
He had been waiting for her all day, and here she was, waiting for him to do the same.
"I thought you didn't want to. I didn't want to ruin the moment...or...moments. I'm not used to this sort of thing." He said hesitantly.
"Do you not want to?" She asked.
"I definitely want to."
"Then do it."
She turned away from him and got down on her hands and knees again. It was now or never. Thomas approached her from behind and slowly massaged her clit. The anticipation that had built up in Mary all day was noticeable by how wet she now was. He reached down and positioned himself at her entrance. As he slowly pushed forward, she pushed back against him, taking him deep inside of her.
At first slowly, then a little faster, Thomas began thrusting in and out. He had built up a bit of stamina over the course of the day's events, but he was still not going to last very long. Apparently, neither was Mary, as her body all of a sudden rocked and she let out a moan. The anticipation of being fucked all day had almost immediately pushed her to orgasm. Waves of pleasure washed over her, but she didn't want to stop. She continued pumping back and forth on his cock as Thomas reached around and grabbed her breast in his hand. Tweaking her nipples she once again couldn't hold it in and gave herself over to the pleasure of the second orgasm since he had entered her.
"What else do you want me to do?" Thomas asked.
"Smack my ass. Pull my hair." She said, almost out of breath. She didn't want this to end.
Thomas was hesitant at first, but reached up and grabbed her hair and pulled gently. Then with the other hand he lightly smacked one of her ass cheeks.
"Harder!" she said.
Thomas pulled her hair a bit harder and smacked her ass a with a bit more force.
"Harder!!" she said again, louder.
Thomas took a better grip on the hair he had grasped in his hand and pulled back hard, causing her to impale further on his cock. He then wound up and smacked hard enough to leave a hand print on her ass cheek. This once again sent her over the edge, and the sense of pleasure Thomas got from seeing her orgasm for the third time in just a few minutes sent him over the edge as well. He pulled out of her as she collapsed on the floor, rolling to her back, just as the first burst of cum shot forth from his erect member onto her tight stomach. When he was finished, he looked down to see her smiling up at him. Both of them sat there just looking at the other, for a few moments until all of a sudden there was a ring at the door.
Thomas got up quickly and tried to think of who could be at his door, but couldn't think of anyone. He immediately grabbed his shorts and shirt and put them back on. Mary was in a similar state of panic, grabbing one of the paper towels that was leftover from breakfast to clean the semen off her stomach.
As she finished cleaning herself off and Thomas got the last of his clothes back on, the knock came again at the door, louder now.
Before Thomas could stop her, Mary stood up and walked over to the door and opened it.
This wasn't going to be good.