A special thanks to those who helped edit this story.
*****
Cheers filled the room as Alice wrapped her right arm around Jessica's waist and pulled her close. Today was Jessica's 18th birthday and her fellow cheerleaders were holding a private pool party in honor of the last of the group becoming an adult.
Looking into her eyes, Alice was still taken by the young woman. Jessica was stunning, a few inches shorter than herself, her body was lithe and lean with flawless skin. Her breasts, while small, were perky and complemented her figure, her ass was round and firm and all on display in the tiny string bikini she wore. However what really stood out was her face, Her large doe eyes gave her the look of innocence, her pixie nose hinted at being mischievous, her full lips were made to be kissed, her soft, flowing hair was a light shade of brown and hung loose down her back.
Jessica was the last of the senior cheerleaders from Nicole's school Alice had yet to kiss and all of her fellow squad members, and most of her school, expected Jessica make the run complete. The five other senior members of the squad even setup this party just for the event with Alice being both the present and entertainment. Nowever Nicole also had a secondary motive in seducing Jessica, her cheer uniforms. Being the same build and only slightly shorter, Alice would be able to fit into Jessica's old high school and competitive cheer uniforms giving Alice a new set of trophies for her closet.
Grabbing the base of her neck with her left hand Alice slowly pulled Jessica's head towards her own. Their eyes still locked, Alice could smell the faint bubblegum aroma from Jessica's shampoo just before she pressed her lips against Jessica's, tasting the bubblegum flavor lipstick revealing she prepared for the intimate encounter. Her soft moans were barely audible to Alice as she pushed her tongue into Jessica's mouth to the roar of the crowd. While nervous, Jessica did not fight it and accepted her first girl-girl kiss as Alice's hands slowly worked their way down.
Reaching her lower back, Alice slid her hands over Jessica's firm ass cupping and kneading each cheek before sinking her hands into the round flesh and pulling her body up. A high pitched squeal echoed into Alice's mouth as Jessica stood on her toes to regain her balance as her body pressed harder into Alice's making her nipples poke at each other.
Finally released from Alice's grasp Jessica fell backwards a few steps as she regained her balance, her breathing hard and deep. Alice, breathing a little heavy as well, felt her body tingling and nervously wondered why she was becoming so aroused from kissing a girl. In her mind she knew she was not attracted to woman but her body was not in agreement and while she thought Jessica was beautiful and sexy she was not a lesbian and yet Alice had to fight the urge to kiss her again. Yes she had a few drinks as she waitressed the party and felt a little buzzed, but that should not make her horny. Not knowing that the punch was spiked with liquid ecstasy as well as alcohol heightening her body's arousal. However her self examination was cut short as she saw Hannah approach Jessica from behind and wrap her arms around her shoulders. "So did the birthday girl enjoy her first lesbian kiss?"
"It was good," giggled Jessica as she grasped Hannah's forearms.
"We could tell," stated Hannah as she lowered her hands and pinched Jessica's hardened nipples.
With a squeak Jessica pulled from Hannah's grasp and scurried to Alice's side. "Oh, you should talk, after all of you spent the last several weeks saying how great of a kisser she is and how I would not want to go back."
"So do you not want to go back," inquired Hannah her hands now on her hips causing her breasts pressed into her fabric of her swim top showing that her nipples were hardened too.
"Maybe," responded Jessica as she slipped her hand between the layers of fabric covering Alice's ass. "She is so soft and smooth, no prickly hair at all, and she is such a good kisser. Do you think you would like to be my sex slave?"
Alice closed her eyes from embarrassment, but coming off as looking like lust to the cheerleaders. Even though Alice wore more covering than all of the cheerleaders she still stood out. The outfit Nicole had chosen for her was a stripper costume gifted to her by April. Made up of pull away blue sheer fabric of various lengths in a harem girl theme, the bottom reached her ankles but allowed her bare legs to slip through the panels to her upper thighs as she walked. The top left her mid riff exposed and had several panels wrapped around her chest and down the length of her arms. However the worst part was Nicole made her wear the gold collar, waist belt and wrist/ankle cuffs she gave her for Christmas. Four gold chains ran from her collar to each of the cuffs all slightly longer than her limbs giving her full movement but the illusion of slavery.
"Careful what you say," purred Hannah. "Given your similarities I see you more as her fellow slave than her mistress. I can just see you in a cute collar and chains like your new lover. I'm sure her real mistress would be more than happy to calm you.
Taking hold of the two chains leading to Alice's wrists Hanah slowly let them slide through her fingers. As they moved down Alice's hands were forced to come together as her tethers became a leash. Turning the two girls so they once again faced each other Hannah released the chains.
"Now let's see an encore performance," ordered Hannah, "as you are still unsure of what you want." Looking into Alice's eyes Jessica wrapped a hand around Alice's waist and the other around the back of her neck just as Alice had done to her moments ago to the cheers of the spectators.
Alice let out a quiet moan as her body tingled from the contact. Letting her sexual training take command Alice tilted her head and felt the soft lips adhere her own. Alice returned the kiss and accepted Jessica's wet tongue into her mouth. Alice knew she was not a lesbian but it did not stop her from craving the kiss. Like Pavlov's dog she had trained herself to become aroused by affection from another woman and now with the help of the drug her desire was moving to new heights. The conflict removed, Alice gave in to the urge to kiss Jessica a second time focusing on what her body and mind now wanted, to kiss another girl.
"Well as much fun as it is watching these two love birds get acquainted Alice has yet to give Jessica her present," stated Kathy. All eyes turned to Kathy as she took one of the dining room chairs and started to move it to the open space between the TV and sectional sofa.
"As you girls know, Alice's sister has a rather... revealing... career," continued Kathy accompanied by the snickers of the other girls. "What you may not know is Alice is a very good dancer herself and today she will make her debut. Jessica, will you please take the seat of honor.
Nervously, Jessica walked to the chair and took her seat. Wanting a good view of the performance the other girls hurriedly took seats on the sofa.
With everyone waiting Alice tried to block out the fact that she was about to strip for a group of women. April had been coaching her for weeks describing the nuances of dancing for females, which is totally different than if she were to be dancing for a man. "Performing for a female is more like flirting or foreplay" explained April. 'With women you have to draw them in with the visual art, appeal to their erotic senses and make them mentally accept it before appealing to their physical senses.'
When the slow Persian beat started to play Alice had disassociated herself from the seductress about to perform and understood why strippers liked stage names as they created a different persona. She was not Alice the straight shy schoolgirl, she was a lesbian temptress.
With a dancer's strut Alice walked in front of Jessica and started to sway to the beat. Just as the tempo increased Alice began to spin, as she learned from all those years of ballet, the pieces of sheer fabric fluttering about offering glimpses of her body as she went. Alice could hear the cheers as she danced around the room. Reaching down she pulled the panel attached to the front of her belt breaking it free and turning it into a sheer scarf as she danced around the chair and wrapping it around Jessica to the delight of the other spectators.
Next she removed the panel covering her hips and ass and threw it to the audience where Stephanie and Tamara fought over it before the prize as claim by Tamara. Not to leave Stephanie empty handed Alice danced up to the young woman shaking her hips in front of the woman's face. Backing away Alice leaned forward and pulled Stephanie's face to her chest with only the sheer material separating her mouth from Alice' upper chest.
"Bite," whispered Alice as she held Stephanie in her bosom. As Stephanie's teeth clenched Alice pulled back quickly leaving the material in Stephanie's mouth.
Returning to the center of the room Alice continued to dance, removing pieces of the costume as she went. Exposing her arms and legs to the continuous cheers of the women. All the while she could not resist running her hands up and down her body nor the urge to touch and caress Jessica. At first it was sliding her fingers along her arms, then her thighs, then across her chest. It was almost like a drug, the contact felt electric and the touch was the reward pushing up Alice's own arousal. Looking around Alice saw all of the other women were squirming in their seats, inflamed unknowingly by the liquid ecstasy. She no longer fought to keep her own arousal in check as she dance and caress Jessica who jerked and writhed in the chair.
Alice was down to three pieces of material. One wrapped around her chest and the remaining attached to the front and back of her belt. The one covering her chest was twisted in the back, drawn flat against her breasts, pulled up in the middle and attached to the front of her collar. The lower two were attached in their center to the front and back of her belt. Two chains, attached to the front point as well, curved around her hips before coming up over her ass and attaching in the back. The two pieces folded over these chains covering her most intimate parts but leaving her legs and hips above the chains exposed.
Backing up, Alice straddled Jessica's legs and bending forward slightly began to shake her ass only inches from Jessica's face. Not letting the opportunity pass Jessica's moved her hands playfully over Alice's backside. Pushing her hands under the cloth Jessica let her fingers slide over Alice's exposed wet mound causing Alice to close her eyes as rub herself back and forth on the girl's hand. Not wanting it to escape Alice reach back and held Jessica's hand in place as she continued to grind against it. As she was approaching climax the final two pieces were pulled free as she came and Alice collapsed on the floor naked but for her slave chains in front of her female audience.
"YES! Now that was hot!" Yelled Hannah as she gave a standing ovation. "You made your stripper so horny she needed you to get her off."
"She rubbed herself on me," replied Jessica as she quickly wiped her hand on Alice's discarded loincloth.
"Still not sure you want to go back," teased Tamara.
"Tamara, that is not a fair question," stated Hannah as she walked with a swagger over to Jessica. I mean she was not on the receiving end. You shouldn't ask until after she experiences the pleasure." Taking Jessica by the hand she led her over the the couch and sat her down between herself and Kathy.
"Well, our little lesbian," purred Hannah as she rubbed Jessica's thigh. "Time to return the favor."
Still on her hands and knees from the orgasm and the humiliation of making a spectacle of getting herself off in front of the group of women the order did not shock her in the least. How could it, to them she was a promiscuous lesbian who just stripped and masturbated in front of them. Being ordered to perform oral sex on the birthday girl was what was expected of someone like her. Without even thinking she started crawling towards the young woman, thoughts or concerns that she was about to lick the girl's pussy no longer affecting her as her body began to tingle once again.
"Wait, no, no, no," cried Jessica. I'm not having sex with a lesbian for your enjoyment."
"Not our enjoyment, your's," replied Hannah as she started to stroke Jessica's thigh.
"And her's," added Tamara nodding towards Alice.
"That's a given," giggled Hannah. She is probably very good. Right Kathy?"
"Why are you asking me! She has never gone down on me," lied Kathy. "Just because my best friend is a lesbian and her girlfriend is freaky doesn't mean I'm gay. If you are so keen why don't you go first."
Staring at the fellow cheerleaders, Hannah turned her head to Alice kneeling quietly on the floor. "Okay, I'll go first," murmured Hannah, "but you are next. Now get over here slut and show me what you can do."
Changing course Alice resumed her crawl now toward the demanding cheerleader. Hannah was a very beautiful, tall and athletic with wavy black hair and the face of a model. Her breasts were full heavy and firm, pulled up and displayed by the sport's top of her bikini.
Hannah's knees slowly parted as Alice crawled between her thick thighs. Alice could smell her targets arousal as she placed a kiss on her inner thigh causing Hannah to gasp. Twisting her head Alice continued to place gentle kisses on the crotch of Hannah's bikini. Even trapped between her thighs Alice could hear Hannah's heavy breathing as she squirmed in her seat. Feeling she was ready, Alice started to pull the bikini bottoms over Hannah's shapely hips exposing her trimmed hairs glistening with her secretions. Returning to her position, between Hannah's legs, she could actually see the thick liquid running down from her slit. Moving forward Alice plunged her tongue deeply into her body as pressed her lips over Hannah's crotch and sucked the liquid from its source. The taste was a little spicy and creamy as Alice appraised Hannah's flavor. It was a new game Nicole had started to play. She would be given several samples of cum and she had to identify their source based off of taste and texture alone. To her disgust Alice had become quite proficient at assessing the specific characteristics each woman produced.
Aaaauuuuhhhhh, Yes," growed Hannah as she lifted herself from her seat and held Alice's head to her crotch. "Eat me you lesbian slut."
Held in place Alice had no choice but to follow as Hannah rose from the sofa. Wanting to keep her balance Alice moved her arms under her thighs and wrapped her hands around her hips. Wanting to get Hannah off as quickly as possible Alice licked up and down her slit wiggling her tongue over her cllit. Hannah came with a deep moan and her whole body shivered as she fell back onto the couch trapping Alice's arms under her thighs and pinning her against her crotch.
"Oh wow that was good," breathed Hannah. "You like that didn't you bitch? You like eating my pussy?"
"Yes," mumbled Alice still trapped between Hannah's thighs.
"I bet you did," continued Hannah as she caressed the back of Alice's head. "A pro like you cannot get enough pussy."
"Yes," squeaked Alice. She didn't even want to eat pussy let alone be good enough to be a pro and was somewhat happy to be trapped between the girl's thighs as she had a place to hide her shame.
"Good because the birthday girl is next," commanded Hannah. "It's time to see if you can keep her from going back to boys."
"What you want me to have sex with her!" stated Jessica nervously as she pressed her legs together tightly.
"No," replied Hannah, "you are not going to have sex her. She is going to perform oral sex on you. There is a huge difference. Don't worry she is very good and once you try it you will be happy you did. She will rock your world." Placing her hand on Jessica's knee she slowly started to pull at her leg. Understanding what Hannah was doing, Kathy placed her hand on Jessica's other knee and started to pull as well.
Gradually her legs were pulled apart and Alice slowly crawled into the space. To keep her from interfering Hannah and Kathy grasped Jessica's hands and pinned them to her sides, holding her in place. Looking up Alice could see Jessica staring at her, her breathing heavy. Lowering her gaze Alice focused on Jessica's bikini bottoms, the last obstacle to her goal and she could clearly see a wet spot in front, proof that her breathing was at least partially from excitement. Reaching up Alice pulled at each side of Jessica's string bikini, untying and exposing Jessica's mound as she squirmed between her two captors. Unlike Hannah, who was only trimmed, Jessica was groomed with just a landing strip above her clit.
Seeing Jessica was indeed wet Alice leaned forward and slid her tongue along Jessica's slit licking up her juices as Jessica stiffened and let out a deep moan. Pausing for a moment Alice could taste the zesty flavor and liquidy texture, then playfully flicked her tongue over her engorged clit. A soft nibble causing Jessica to gasp.
"You like that, don't you girl," soothed Hannah, "you like having a lesbian go down on you?"
Jessica didn't answer. She simply continued to moan as she tried to break free.
"Stop squirming or I will make her stop," ordered Hannah. To which Jessica sat still.
"Good girl," continued Hannah. "Now answer the question, you like it don't you?"
"Yessss," hissed Jessica her body shaking from pleasure.
"Now do you want to go back, back to boys, back to Steve? Because I can make her stop if you do?"
"Please don't, whimpered Jessica, "I want her to continue. I, I, ..."
"Don't want to go back," interrupted Hannah. "Say it and she makes you cum, otherwise you wait for Steve."
"I can't wait," moaned Jessica as she tried to grind on Alice's face, but was held in place by her fellow cheerleaders, "I don't want to go back, please I need to cum!"
"You heard the convert," laughed Hannah. "Rock her world."
Alice knew she could not keep Jessica on edge much longer and doing what she was told, used her experience to push her over the edge. Jessica screeched and her body started to twitch as she had what looked like the greatest orgasm of her life.
"See how good that was," stated Hannah as she released Jessica. "Now why don't you give your new lover another kiss." Grasping the ring on Alice's collar Hannah guided Alice up over Jessica's panting body. Alice felt Hannah shift her hand to the back of her neck as she positioned the two for another kiss. As she was trained Alice pressed her lips against Jessica's as she kissed the cheerleader deeply. Jessica offered no resistance or hesitation and accepted the kiss pushing her tongue past Alice's own.
Pulling the two lovers apart Hannah pushed Alice back to the floor as she caressed the back of Jessica's head. "Now back to work our little sex slave," purred Hannah, "you still have four more women to pleasure."
Looking to her left Alice could see the smile on Kathy's face as she gently caressed her breasts through her top.
"We've been teasing Kathy about being a lesbian long enough it's high time she tried the other team," stated Hannah taking sole possession of Jessica.
Dropping her head Alice crawled towards Kathy. The irony not lost on Alice that she was straight and was forced to play a lesbian while Kathy was a lesbian hiding as a straight girl. Knowing what she liked after going down on her many times already Alice was able to finish her off quickly.
Straightening up Alice looked over to her next target, Stephanie. With a large chest and a plump round ass she had a similar body type to Vicky, and like Vicky Alice was mesmerized by Stephanie's voluptuous D cup breasts. Breasts that were being groped and played with by Stephanie's own hands. While Alice was not sure if her fixation was due to actual preference or jealousy because of her own petite frame and A cup breasts Alice could not deny the desire to play with them herself.
Tentatively, Alice reached out and replaced Stephanie's hands with her own. Sliding her fingers beneath the two globes Alice could feel their weight and firmness as she squeezed and pressed them together. Stephanie simply slumped in the couch sliding her ass to the edge of the sofa as she moaned in pleasure. Twisting her hands Alice ran her thumbs gently across her inflamed nipples. Alice knew she should not be getting sexually aroused from playing with another woman's chest yet she could not help getting wet and tingly. Subconsciously Alice licked her lips as she explored Stephanie's treasures.
A soft whimper escaped Stephanie's lips as Alice hands dropped from her breasts and danced across her stomach towards her hips. Leaning forward Alice placed a kiss just below Stephanie's belly button as her hands worked the bottom of the swimsuit over her legs. The dark patch of trimmed pubic hair, now exposed, glistened from her secretions showing Stephanie had been aroused for some time. Kissing Stephanie's inner thighs Alice continued to torment her partner making her want nothing more than to orgasm.
Alice could hear Stephanie moan as she planted a kiss at the top of her valley, her tongue wiggling about tickling Stephanie's clit. Alice could feel it swell as her tongue whipped back and forth coaxing it from its hiding place. Fully erect Alice gave it a soft love bite causing Stephanie to let out a little scream and jerked her body.
As her tongue slid up and down between her lips, Alice subconsciously raised her arms and placed them on Stephanie's firm breasts. Alice could feel Stephanie's deep breathing as her chest rose and fell and knew she shouldn't be getting aroused from performing oral on another girl. She worked to convinced herself that it was Stephanie's breasts that were exciting her and not the act of licking another womans pussy. Alice did not want to believe she could become aroused from sex with another woman and instead focused on what her hands were doing. Boys had chests and this was not much different. Yes they were softer and bigger but that is what made them different than her own. If a boy groping a girl was not considered sex then how different was it for her to become aroused from the same thing.
Convincing herself that it was Stephanie's breasts that were arousing her Alice tried to hold off Stephanie's orgasm as long as possible using the techniques taught to her by her many lovers. However her skill could not hold back Stephanie forever and with a loud moan Stephanie was able to push herself over the edge despite Alice's efforts. Out of sheer habit Alice continued to lick and clean Stephanie savoring the slightly bitter taste as she waited for the last of her shives to subside.
Pulling her face away Alice looked directly into Stephanie's gaze. Both breathing heavily they stared into eachother's eyes over her large mounds as they rose and fell with each breath. Standing up Alice placed her hands once again on Stephanie's breasts as she leant in for a kiss. A kiss Stephanie willingly accepted. However Alice attempts to continue her manipulate Stephanie's breasts was interrupted by Tamara pulling the chain attached to her wrist.
"It looks like you love titties as much as you like pussy," barked Tamara as she pushed Alice down between her legs.
Alice did not respond as she braced herself on Tamara's thighs.
"Yes, A little lezzie slut like yourself cannot get enough pussy can you?" spat Tamara as she took hold of the chains next to her collar. "I bet you cannot wait to taste me? Well, slut?"
"I can't," whimpered Alice not wanting to argue with the black woman.
"Is all this carpet munching making you horny, slut," asked Tamara as she pressed her bare foot against Alice's moist crotch. "I can see how wet it's making you."
Alice could only moan, held in place by the aggressive cheerleader as she rubbed her foot along Alice's mound. While she did not want to be aroused from being humiliated and orally pleasing a group of woman, it was even worse to have to admit it.
"Mmmmm, I bet you would just love for me to get you off right now," purred Tamara.
Alice opened her mouth but nothing came out. She felt her body shiver as she rotated her hips to the movement of Tamara's foot.
"Well, do you want to get off," Tamara asked again.
"Yes," whimpered Alice at her body's betrayal.
"Good," replied Tamara as she pulled her foot away. "A needy bitch is an attentive bitch," stated Tamara.
A soft cry escaped Alice's lips as her body followed Tamara's foot until she was squatting on the floor. Tamara's aggressive actions kept her off balance letting her body and its needs take control. With Tamara holding the chains, Alice's hands were trapped forcing her to slowly grind her crotch on the floor. Unable to look her aggressor in the eye Alice just looked forward, her delicate white arms a stark contrast to Tamara's dark skin and large thighs.
"That's it keep your eyes on the prize," teased Tamara as she assumed Alice was focused on her crotch. Sinking in her seat Tamara slid her pelvis off of the sofa and lifted her legs pushing her bikini bottoms off. With a soft flop the discarded bottoms dropped in front of where Alice was attempting to grind herself on the floor.
"Beg for it," growled Tamara, "beg to worship my pussy."
"Please," crooked Alice, "please let me worship your pussy."
Dropping her legs over Alice' shoulders Tamara crossed them behind Alice's head forcing her face into her crotch.
"Get to work, slut," growled Tamara as she gripped Alice's hair helping to hold her in place.
Caught off guard Alice breathed in Tamara's aroma as her mouth was pressed firmly against her cunt. Opening her lips Alice snaked her tongue through the labyrinth of curly hair as she lapped up the steady stream of juices. Unique from the others Tamara's was saltier and thicker. Unable to move Alice continued to lap away doing her best to please her consort. After so many women her tongue felt sore and held tightly in Tamara's vice like grip Alice could only breathe through her nose inhaling her scent with each breath.
Tamara's eruption was sudden and loud as she squeezed her legs pressing Alice's face deeper into her crotch cutting off her air supply. Her nose now buried in Tamara's crotch Alice strained to breathe between the gulps of Tamara's juices, her body coughing as the slow descending liquid coated her throat and windpipe. For a moment Alice thought she would become the first person to ever drown from eating out another woman. With a final large spasm Alice freed her head dropping to the floor working to clear her throat.
"Hot damn, that was good!" Proclaimed Tamara as Alice pulled in a deep breath. "See a needy bitch is a motivated bitch."
"Yes she was certainly motivated," stated Hannah as she knelt next to Alice's prostrated body and placed her hand between Alice's thighs, "and needy. So how about a deal. After you get Veronica off you can dump a pillow as you get us off a second time and if everyone agrees you did a very good job we will let you cum."
Pulling herself off the ground Alice moved over to Veronica, the last cheerleader of the group. Knowing that after she is done she will need to start all over again but without them being nervous. The taboo would be broken and it was now more of a group bonding experience, an odd intimacy through a shared experience. While not purely sexual it provided sexual pleasure, pleasure the women no longer seemed concerned coming from a woman.
_________
"This should be one of the best photoshoots yet," stated Nicole was she tightened the ropes around Alice elbows.
"Yes mistress," replied Alice as she tilted her head slightly back so Nicole could secure the end of her ponytail to the ropes. Out of all of the things she had been forced to do this was the one she was most comfortable with, being bound by her girlfriend for another photoshoot. Here she felt secluded and private, no public shame. Here she felt like she had no choice in what happened as Nicole was in charge and she was physically restrained. Here she did not have to convince herself to do what everyone expected of her. All she had to do was obey. As Nicole wrapped the ropes in a figure eight pattern around her arms, securing her hair in the center point, Alice felt her ability to resist slip away. She was once again Nicole's puppet, controlled by her mistress. Her mind no longer attempting to resist, her body was free to react to the physical stimulus it now associated with arousal. Twisting slightly Alice could fee her nipples harden and her pussy moisten from being placed in bondage.
"Almost done puppet," announced Nicole as she tied the end of the ropes around Alice's shoulders and upper arms. Using the little bit of hair between Alice's head and shoulder ropes as a handle Nicole gently eased Alice forward, lowering her head to the ground and lifting her butt off of her legs and exposing her ass.
Nicole looked at her girlfriend and smiled. Reaching out she gently rubbed her fingers over Alice's moist crotch. "I see someone is excited," giggled Nicole as she continued to tease her helpless victim.
"Ahh, yes mistress," moaned Alice ashamed her body was betraying her so easily.
"And now the fun part," announced Nicole as she slid a butt plug in Alice's juices before pressing it against her ass.
"Now breathe deeply," ordered Nicole as slowly applied pressure.
Alice took a deep breath as she felt the intruder push through her rear opening. Unlike the plug Nicole made her wear to school this one was much longer and wider making movement difficult, perfect for the position she was in. Settling back Alice once again sat on her heels the butt plug making it presence known and further stimulating Alice as Nicole secured the rope around her hands to the one around her feet, removing the last of her mobility.
"You look so hot in that uniform," whispered Nicole as she knelt behind Alice and slowly caressed her bound body. "Such a sexy puppet." Her fingers now tweaking Alice hard nipples. "You like being a little cheer slave don't you?"
Alice could only gasp as she tried to move and pictured how she must look. Accomplishing her goal of acquiring both Jessica's old high school and competitive cheer uniforms Nicole wasted no time in having Alice show them off. The high school uniform with its blue and gold cheer vest and pleated skirt fit snugly. The only issue was it being a few inches taller, it showed a little more midriff and leg than would be allowed. The black and metallic pink spandex competitive cheer uniform with its long sleeved crop top and fitted cheer skit left even less to the imagination. The top with a high neck was designed to cover the chest completely. The shoulder cutouts and open back incorporated to add a little sexyness and would normally end a few inches below the bust. However thanks to Alice's extra height the top stopped less than an inch below hers. The fitted skirt was made to be figure hugging and short clinging tightly to the wearer. With Alice's longer legs and slightly wider hips the skirt stretched across her upper thighs and less than two inches below her crotch.
"Okay Kathy get on your mark," ordered Nicole as she moved to the camera on the other side of the room.
"It's about time," whined Kathy as to took her position between the camera and Alice in her own back and pink uniform. "I'm so horny I could fuck a boy"
"It will not need to come to that," replied Nicole as she knelt behind the camera, "Alice will be eating you out very shortly. Now spread your legs and straighten out your skirt. Yes, and lean at the waist just a little. Perfect your ass looks great."
"You mean it didn't before," teased Kathy as she followed Nicole orders.
"Not for the camera," stated Nicole sharply. Now dangle the ball gag in your right hand on your hip perfect."
"Alice focus on the ball," directed Nicole, " and look scared."
Focusing on the red ball sitting on Kathy's hip Alice did not need to pretend to be scared. Biting her lip Alice twisted in her bindings as she heard the clicks from Nicole's camara.
Nicole made sure Alice was framed in the space between Kathy's legs, obvious she was held captive by a fellow cheerleader whose ass filled the top of the frame. The gag hinting at the torment to come.