Kelly's First Night Out
Kelly had just experienced a life changing event that had brought out feelings, cravings and excitement she never knew a woman could have.
It had overwhelmed her inner desires wanting to experience more of the excitement she had felt earlier at the mall. She had always dressed in her schoolmarm clothes hiding her shapely body from everyone. She had even been somewhat shy around her husband not wanting him to see her nude body unless it was in bed and only when they made love.
However, Alex and his friends had somehow unleashed the animal inside her that had been waiting for so many years to be released. She now felt a wanting in her soul to be what she had always considered unthinkable behavior for any woman.
As she stood in the shower washing away the soils, from earlier in day, from the seven guys, one girl and her own juices from the service hall at the local Mall.
She shimmered as she ran her wet soapy hands over her breasts and now very sensitive nipples from the abuse earlier. Her hands continued moving down over her shapely hips and her curvy round ass, she touched her most sensitive spots still sore and swollen a bit from earlier, as her fingers enticed her charms like she had never done before.
Kelly felt her smooth bald lips, still shocked she had allowed Alex to shave her with the other watched. Touching her smooth hairless pussy, something she had not experienced since she was a mere child.
After finishing her long hot shower, actually running out of hot water, she reached for the long thick robe that her husband had always hated. Kelly had always put on before leaving the bathroom to hide her body. She thought again of it, "It is time for me to change my lifestyle, my appearance, and my outlook on life."
She recalled the sneak peeks her husband had always made looking at her friends and strangers who dressed a lot more provocative and seductively, she was now beginning to understand why he was so interested in their looks, now she desired to be that woman who distracted men.
She wrapped her petite body in the towel she had been using, then pulled the robe from the hook on the back of the door. Walking through the house and into the kitchen where she retrieved her spare set of car keys from her junk drawer, along with the extra key fob.
Exiting the kitchen through the side door, she walked to the trash can in the driveway and deposited the robe in the trash. With new confidence she then walked to the trunk of her car, still parked on the street. Wearing just the towel wrapped around her otherwise naked body, she felt sexy and daring, she opened the trunk to get her new outfit for the night out and the rest of her keys.
Several cars passed, some slowing down to admirer the lovely lady with the large breasts wrapped only in a towel. After Kelly retrieved her key fob, purse and the two bags with her dress along with the panty and bra set from the trunk. Reaching up grabbing the truck lid with her hand full of bags, she slammed it closed, the jarring caused her breast to bounce straining the towels grip.
She then turned to walk back up the driveway with her hands full of the items from the trunk, she noticed a sports car had slowed to a stop watching her walk up the driveway.
She turned to see if they were really watching her, three young men were indeed watching her every step. She again felt the warm feeling she had enjoyed earlier in the day. She happily made it a point to swish her ass a bit more as she continued up the driveway.
When she neared the door, the extra swishing she had added had caused her large breasts to loosen her towel even more and she could feel it loosening to point it was about to drop.
She held her arms tight against the top if the towel under her armpits to try to prevent the towel from dropping to the ground. When she reached the door, she had to move an arm to open it. Stretching her right arm forward, her towel swung free exposing her breasts and her nude body, to an audience for the second time today.
Feeling that warm sensation once again, she moved her other arm and allowed the towel to drop to the ground. She giggled to herself and continued on inside the house feeling flush from the excitement of being completely naked outside in public again.
She continued to her bedroom to finish getting ready knowing her husband would be home soon.
She finished her hair, still naked, still excited, admiring her naked form in the mirror, something she had never really done before because she was ashamed of her provocative curves.
She applied what little bit of make-up she usually wore and sprayed her neck and cleavage with a sweet perfume scent her husband had bought her for Christmas several months ago, but had never used.
Kelly removed the tags from her new panties and bra then pulled them on and into place, realizing how much they didn't cover, unlike the old heavy duty stuff her husband disliked. This was only the second time in her life she could recall wearing sexy lingerie, her wedding was the other.
Again, checking out her fine frame in the mirror, watching her large tits straining the thin lace, barely able to contain her overly large breasts on her petite body. Wondering why she had always tried to keep this body hidden from everyone, including her own husband.
As she was about to pull on her new dress the phone rang, it was her husband. He told Kelly he would be there in about ten minutes and that they had dinner reservation at 7:15 so please be ready to go when he got there. He also told her that he had a little surprise, a business friend and his wife would be joining them tonight, a couple they had been out with before, Bob and Kari.
Kelly remembered Kari as being a bit, no actually a lot, on the bold outgoing side in her shameless outfits. Thinking back she had always thought Kari must be a stripper from the first she met her.
She was always flirtations with all the men she met, something she didn't approve of at the time. Thinking back to how Gary would always ogle her when they were out together, now she understood why.
She then told him, "Well I too have a little surprise for you, but you will have to wait until later to see what it is."
She slipped on her dress and stood back to look once again. It was very apparent she was wearing the sheer lace thong and low cut bra through the dress. As she turned, her ass was outlined by the thong panties, the tee back emerged from her ass crack.
Her heaving boobs were barely held in place inside the low fitting flimsy lacy half cup bra that would provide little support for her 32D's, her cleavage was also very visible through the thin lace dress.
Kelly looked through her closet to find a cover-up, she wanted to surprise her husband with her new dress after they had arrived at the restaurant downtown. She finally found an old mid thigh length jacket in the back that would be long enough.
As she was turning off the light in the bathroom, she heard her husband pull into the drive and blow the horn. She buttoned up the long light jacket as she headed out the side door and into the waiting car.
"Ok, so what is my surprise," asked Gary as she slid into the car.
"You will just have to wait until we get to where we are going," she told him. He tried to get her to tell him as they traveled to the restaurant, him begging for hints.
They finally arrived to see Bob and Kari already out front waiting for them.
Bob, was average but still a handsome athletic looking guy. Kari, tall bit on the thin side but also appeared to spend a lot of time in the gym. She had an Italian complexion, that as barely covered in a short halter type blue backless cocktail dress, it also had a plunging center in the front well below her boobs. The dress stirred about when she walked, assisted by the 3-inch spiked heels that added extra wiggle with each step she took. It looked as if that was all she was wearing, it was obvious she wasn't wearing a bra, it would have clashed with her dress, Kelly and Gary both liked her jiggling as she walked, her "C" breasts moved freely under the dress panels with each step.
When they parked Bob and Kari had already started walking across the parking lot to meet them at the car.
Kelly said to Gary, "I think I'll leave my coat here," as she stood on the other side of the car, Gary paid no attention to Kelly as she removed the coat and tossed it into the back seat. He was more focused on Kari walking toward them.
When Kelly came around the car Gary's face went white, he locked his eyes on his wife in the sexiest outfit he had ever seen her in since he met her. Even Bob and Kari looked at her body through the daring dress.
"Like your surprise," asked Kelly, his mouth moved but nothing came out. "Come on we are late," she led them toward the front door.
Gary couldn't believe he was looking at his wife's body and especially her visible white ass outlined by thong panties in an almost transparent dress.
Kari hurried to catch up with Kelly as they walked into the restaurant to comment of her dress.
Once inside and seated Gary again tried to talk, asking Kelly where she got the dress and, and, and.... about her change in attitude.
She just asked, "what are you talking about?"
Kari said "I think she looks beautiful in her new dress don't you Bob?"
"Well of course!" he agreed whole heartily staring at her cleavage pushed up and on display in the sheer stretched thin dress.
They ate their dinner, and the girls drank two bottles of wine between them, the whole time Gary couldn't take his eyes off his wife.
When they left, walking back to their cars, Kari suggested a club only a few blocks away, close enough they could walk she told them. It was a new dance club with a bit younger cliental, she heard it was great, had an anything goes climate.
Gary started to say something knowing Kelly was not into the bar scene, but Kelly cut him off saying "We would love to go, we haven't been dancing in years."
They walked the few blocks to the club, with the guys following the ladies, they both watched the two ladies swishing their asses down the sidewalk, especially Kelly's almost completely visible ass, having to give the dress a tug down now and then as they walked. Both women turning heads on the narrow side walk.
Gary was sure Kari was not wearing any panties as he thought her saw the crack of her ass peeking out from the backless dress a few times as they walked, she also had to tug the bottom of the dress back down a time or two as well.
Once inside Kari grabbed Kelly's hand and they headed straight to the crowded dance floor.
While the two girls danced, several guys, including their husbands looked on in awe as the two of them shamelessly danced together.
Kari was raising her arms above her head, her breasts threatened to emerge from the sides of the dress panels. Even better, when her hands were in the air, it also caused her ass cheeks to peek out the bottom of the short dress.
Kelly was constantly adjusting her lite weight bra trying to keep her large breasts contained, and of course her ass was in view outlined by her thong even though the lighting was a bit dim on the dance floor, the flashing light seemed to make the black dress even more transparent against her untanned skin.
The dancing eventually caused Kelly's dress to ride up, exposing the bottom of her cheeks a few times before she could catch it creeping up too far. Gary was in shock at his wife's never before seen public display, but he was loving every second of it.
After several songs the girls took a break and got their husbands to follow them to the bar for drinks.
Gary handed his wife a fuzzy navel he had ordered for her and he kept looking at her breasts visible through the sheer material, taking in most of her right nipple exposed over the top of her low lace bra.
Kari and her husband were busy kissing and laughing, Gary noticed Bob was retrying Kari's top looser than when they arrived at the dance club.
Several other guys had noticed Kelly's top as well, they could not take their eyes off her. Gary debated whether to say anything, but then Kari asked her "are going to keep fighting that bra all night or are you just going take the damn thing off, hell we can see your nipples."
Kelly tried to look embarrassed and told Kari, "I could never." Kelly tugged the bra back over her exposed nipple, as she drank down her drink. Gary still could only stare as he ogled his own wife's tits, her thin body, curvy ass, large chest and cleavage all on display for the first time, that he knew of.
The two girls continue putting on their show while dancing, Kelly's bra doing little to provide any support for her big jiggling tits. Her right nipple exposed once again, as more of her boobs slips from the lite weight bra. The right bra strap slipped off her shoulder, hanging down her arm, her big boob pushing the bra material away.
Kari's boobs were slipping in and out even more now, the plunging center of her dress, now open to well below her belly button, doing little to keep her tits covered, which is what she liked to show off for the enjoyment of her husband.
The two of them continued to dance putting on a show. It became apparent to everyone that Kari was not wearing panties as the thin dress bounced around on the dance floor.
After several more songs the two daring ladies headed off the dance floor for another break. The guys had fresh drinks waiting for them this time. Kelly looked down, laughing, and said Kari was right, she had been fighting the bra the whole time they had been dancing and it was getting old fast. She reached inside the dress and tried to cover her nipples once again.
Kari told her again, "just take the damn thing off, you know the guys won't mind."
Gary started to say something, and then watched as Kelly reached behind her back and released the hooks behind her back. Her big boobs dropped a bit as did the bra.
Kelly's husband just stood there watching as his beautiful wife pulling the bra straps from her sleeves, then pulled the bra from under the dress through her left sleeve.
Her tits came to rest in their natural but firm position. Her lightly colored, but very visible nipples were there for all to see. She handed the bra to Gary and told him to put the bra in his pocket for her.
Gary was again speechless, he could only stare and comply with her request as he stared at his wife's tits on display, in public, something he had only fantasized about for years.
Finishing their drinks, Kari told Kelly it was time to dance some more, and the two girls headed back to dance leaving the guys to watch them once again. Kelly's breasts were moving about under the thin material, now unsupported by the bra that attempted to conceal them.
A bit of a cheering section had formed to watch the two girls dancing. Kari began bending at the waist to show off her charms to the cheers of the guys, something she had also done often for the enjoyment of her voyeur husband.
Each time she would lean forward the dress would drop away completely exposing both her tits to the crowd. Kelly tried to copy her but didn't get as loud of a response, Kelly wearing a thong under her dress was not as exciting to the guys as Kari's lack of covering when she would bend over.
Kelly's boobs were still somewhat covered by the sheer dress, unlike Kari's.
Kari wearing only the short plunging backless dress with panels that would drop away and move freely allowed Kari to show off peeks of her bare tanned breasts, but just the same, the guys enjoyed Kelly's desire to be seen.
Kari knowing she had their attention and loved to tease, turned to face the growing crowd of guys along with a few women and used her hand to bunch the lower part of the front of her dress to the center, allowing the panels to move away from both of her breasts and spill out into view.
The guys screamed and cheered her on to continue. Kari continued to show off her breasts, and the fact she was without panties and clean shaved. Bob elbowed Gary, "Dude I'd love to see your wife do that."
Gary thought to himself, "Yeah so would I but she would never."
Kelly still excited from earlier in the day, wanting the attention Kari was enjoying and knew she could also attract it if she continued to be shameless. She had grown to enjoy the looks earlier in the day and it now almost felt like an addiction already.
Not wanting to be outdone by Kari, Kelly had already stopped tugging her dress down over her hips when it would ride up.
Kelly actually began helping her dress work its way up by sliding her palms up her hips, sliding just a bit more to the point her lacy thong was on display. Gray was again amazed as his wife allowed her panties to become more and more on display, him having seen them for the first time realizing how sheer they were. He also realized he could see the front of the panties molded to her bare pussy lips which appeared to be bare, he could feel his cock growing inside his slacks.
She was allowing the dress to move higher and higher up her hips unchecked, almost craving for people to see her body. He just did not know what to think of the situation. Gray and Bob just smiled and watched, Bob hoping Gary would just let the girls new game play out.
The drinks, the excitement, and with Kari's influence, she began teasing the crowd with her thumbs in the waistband of the panties, pulling each side up and down. Soon the yelling turned into "take it off."
Kari turned to her, yelling over the music in her ear, daring her to do it.
Kelly dancing around in a circle continuing to tease the guys, she was looking around hoping to see her husband watching her, but she couldn't find him in the crowd.
She turned her ass to the big crowd spread her legs a bit and began pushing her thong toward the floor, Kelly continued to push them over her hips, down her thighs then allowing them to drop to the floor.
In doing so, it allowed the crowd to see her clean shaving lips. Gary caught a glimpse but thought, "No she didn't, she's never," something he had suggested she do many times in the past.
As she stood back up pushing the hem of her dress back down, the dress dropped down to her upper thighs covering most of her ass, several people had gotten a view of the still swollen lips. She twirled the panties in her hand still looking for her husband.
Gary continued to try and rationalize what was happening, was it the amount for drinking she had consumed tonight, she has never had more than a few drinks ever when they had gone out. Where did the new dress and lingerie come from, what wasn't before her drinks, he was puzzled as to what was happening.
However, as confused as he was, he was really enjoying what was happening. Kelly finally just tossed her new panties into the crowd and went back to dancing with Kari, still teasing the guys by lifting her dress for the crowd flashing herself to them, they begged her to continue and for more.
The crowd, including many women, wanting more began chanting, "Take it off" once again.
As they continued to dance, Kari danced up behind Kelly and placed her hands on her hips, grinding her crotch into Kelly's ass. "You ready for it, ready for the full Monty?" Kari whispered into Kelly's ear.
Not getting a response either way, Kari reached up and grabbed the zipper tab and slowly began lowering it down her back. Kari could not see the huge smile on her face but Gary could. Kari continued unzipping it all the way down her back. Kelly could feel the sides spreading the lower the zipper went, all the way to just above her ass crack where it ended, exposing her bare back.
The lights flashed and strobed on the dark dance floor lighting up her pale skin now exposed to those on the dance floor.
None of the people watching had yet realized what Kari had done, both of them facing the crowd as they were dancing for them. Kelly realizing her dress was actually about to come off, looked over and saw her husband on the left side of the dance floor.
He was watching his sexy wife showing off for a club full of people, with her dress completely see thru and with out her lingerie it allowed them all the see most of her sexy body. She turned her back to him briefly allowing him to see her dress was open down her back, his smile told Kelly all she needed to know.
He was extremely excited, grinning, smiling and clapping for her, still thinking he was having a dream. He began shaking his head up and down indicating she should go for it.
Kari also noticing him smiling and nodding, began moving the dress off her shoulders, sliding it down Kelly's arms to her bent elbows.
The shoulders of the dress came to rest at her elbows for what seemed like forever to Gray, the upper curves of her large firm breast helping hold the top of the dress against her chest.
His and Kelly's eyes now locked on each other. Kelly's big breasts still holding the dress up like a firm shelf, the crowd still cheering for her to "take it off."
Gary watched in awe as Kelly dropped her arms allowing the dress to relax across her chest and drop floating towards her feet like a wad of tissue.
She couldn't believe what she had just done, nor could Gary. This morning she didn't want anyone to see her ankles or to notice how big her chest was. Now she was dancing naked in front of hundreds of people and wanting them all to see her nude body.
Kelly continued to dance for the rest of the song, then squared down picked up her dress and rushed to Gary, her big breast swaying about her chest.
Wrapping her arms around him, hugging him, his hands now touching her naked ass, her bareback, running his fingers up through her hair. He started kissing her deeply, their tongues swirling around inside each other's mouths.
Several other guys were also beginning to touch Kelly as well, he could feel others hands rubbing her ass over his hand. She told Gary to get her out of there, she wanted to fuck him now, and he had better get her out of there before she made him start fucking her here in the bar.
He grabbed her hand and began leading her through the thick crowd, she used the dress to try and attempt to cover her swaying bare boobs, she didn't know why but she dropped her hand down allowing hands to grope her as they made their way through the crowd.
When they got out the door they started running back toward where they had parked, several blocks away. Kelly's heels and large breasts swaying about slowed her down, even with her arm across them trying to control their unsupported movement.
Several people on the street were making cat calls as the two of them raced down the sidewalk with her dress in her hand across her boobs, her bare ass jiggling.
Once they got to the car Kelly was already unzipping Gary and was trying to get his ridged member out of his pants. She squatted down next to the car taking him fully into her mouth. Again, something Gary had never experienced with Kelly before in public.
It was only a matter of minutes before Kelly was attempting to swallow Gary's exploding juices down her throat and the rest seeping out the corners of her mouth. Kelly stood up and told Gary, "take her home, I will take care of you again when we get to the house, maybe even before we get home if you're lucky!"
She slid into the car tossing her dress in the back seat for the ride home, turning to face Gary sitting on her knees, leaning over to kiss him.
Gray was still confused about what had happened to his ultra conservative wife, but he liked who he was now with and hoped she was sticking around, looking over at her sitting naked with her bare breasts on display, again something she had never done before.
Gray was looking forward to more of her, "never done that befores!"