One evening, in a magazine, I saw the following advertisement:
New in Amsterdam
Style, splendid food, and...
For a splendid evening full of style and fantasy,
We invite you in our new franchise,
Keizersgracht 2036 in Amsterdam
You should expect a stylish dinner,
Opportunity for dancing
Live Music
A photographer
And...
Erotic excitement as far as you want to go.
For information and reservations:
xxx-xxxxxxxx
Because October 1st, we would celebrate the second year of our relation, I thought this would be a very special way to surprise you, and shortly after I was calling to make a reservation. It was just September 14th.
Two days later I found in my mailbox a confirmation of my reservation. It was a short letter.
September 16th, 2015
Dear Mr. And Mrs. ...
It is an honor to have you registered for October 1st, 2015. We would like to welcome you in our restaurant around 8 pm.
To prepare you for the style of this evening and to enable you to fully enjoy it, we would like to help you with a couple of suggestions:
We advice against using your own transport. Generally a taxi is most convenient.
The style of clothing is generally tuxedo, but most couples fill in some details in an erotic, though subtle way.
For the optimal dress, you can follow the preference of your partner.
Because we want to keep up the standing of our restaurant, it is prohibited to have sexual intercourse in our building. Likewise orgasms are not allowed. On violation of these rules we are sorry, but we have to remove you from our restaurant. We have the experience that for some couples this rule is difficult to obey.
Yours sincerely,
Already you had kept October 1st free in your agenda, because you knew I would likely come up with a surprise. But, when I showed you the advertisement and the letter, we were caught by a combination of tingling excitement and nervousness. What should we expect? After overcoming some doubts we decided we would both open up for a very special evening, and we would follow up the instructions as well as possible.
October 1st we made sure we had ample time to prepare ourselves. Together we took a bath, and fully clean and refreshed we started to dress up. You prepared my tuxedo for me, a new boxer short and a small cotton thing that looked like a napkin ring. Before I took on my tuxedo, you did the cotton ring around my penis.
Now I had to decide how you should be dressed. Up for a nice job, I started by attaching some nipple jewelry. It was a nice silver heart, connected with chainlets to two rings which could be attached to your nipples. Softly I caressed your breasts until your nipples were nice and stiff which made putting on the rings an easy job.
Next, my hands slid down over your body, to end up at the little amount of pubic hair. I softly stroked you and let my fingers slide between your pubic lips. I touched your clit and heard a soft groan. I felt the moist between your labia and took a small plastic egg, which I softly pushed in. Attached to the little egg, there were two quite long chainlets that came out of your vagina. I attached each one of them to your nipple rings. It fitted perfectly and it was a very erotic view.
You took on a nice thong and a black bustier. The bustier slid over your breasts and you put on a couple of sexy black stockings that could be attached to the bustier. After that you put on black heels. A nice little cocktail dress which showed quite some cleavage slid over your shoulders and everything was finished off with two long black gloves.
I took a couple of steps back and you slowly turned around, allowing me to admire the result. Your breasts showed nicely, and the chainlets heading towards your nipples attracted a lot attention. I was excited by your nice legs in black stockings and when you turned around, I saw that the split in your dress was that high that I could just see the top of your stockings. Approvingly, I looked at you from all sides, but nevertheless I reconsidered. I slowly slid my hands under your dress and felt your naked buttocks. I took your thong and put it down. It was very moist. Today, you would not need the thong anymore. We were ready for takeoff.
The taxi was ready and drove us to our restaurant. The drive took about half an hour, and of course we just had to touch each other. My hand slid over the inside of your legs. And you too could not resist touching the big bump in my trousers. With one hand on my zipper you reached into your bag and did something I could not see well. But I did feel well. The cotton ring around my penis blew up into a soft but firm penis ring, which was softly kneading my genitals. I couldn't suppress a groan. You gave me some time to enjoy the feeling, but just when I got the impression that for the rest of the evening I would have an enormous hard-on, you switched of the ring, and slowly I landed back on earth.
We arrived in Amsterdam and the taxi driver quickly found the restaurant. We paid and entered. We saw several couples dressed up in tuxedos and cocktail gowns. Stylish but often a little big daring. Although there were many beautiful women, I could not keep my eyes of you, especially because I continuously realized what was, and what was not below your gown.
We entered a big round room. Opposite the entrance there was a band playing quiet cozy music. In the middle of the room there was a circular wooden dance floor. On both sides of the room there were a couple of niches. In each of them there was a beautifully covered table with two chairs. The interior was arranged such that from each niche you could see the band playing and also some of the couples on the other side, but not the couples on our side of the room. With feelings of excitement we followed the waiter who showed us our table.
The menu consisted of four courses and in between there was an opportunity for dancing. The menu also mentioned a time slot during which you could check in with the photographer. We could do so after the main course. There was one other thing mentioned: We are sorry, but remote controls are not permitted. You can leave your mobile phones and remote controls to the waiter. When the waiter arrived to pick up the various things, you disappointedly not only handed over your mobile phone, but also the little remote that enabled you to control my penis ring.
But I had to give up something as well. The little egg in your vagina gave a pleasant feeling anyhow, but turned on, it softly vibrated and it was even possible to stimulate your nipples through the chainlets attached to them. Somewhat disappointed we glanced at each other. So much for the preparation!
Dinner started with a cold entry, a nice Carpaccio. We enjoyed each other's company, chatted about everything and had a good and relaxed time, but some way, it seemed there was some charge between us. Was there something in the Carpaccio, or was it the special port they served? Anyway we had to kiss, and after a lovely French kiss, we could keep ourselves from touching each other, at least for a little while.
It was time for a dance. The band played a couple of quick steps for an introduction, but soon they switched to more exciting dances like Paso Doble and Tango. I enjoyed feeling you against me and seeing you. Sometimes I felt your hand sliding over my trousers and myself, I could not keep off my hands from your buttocks either. I felt your soft gown directly on your naked bums.
The next course was a lovely soup. But also this course, it was not just soup. When I looked into your face I saw you looked hazy. It just looked as if a soft tingle took care of your breasts. Softly you put on my hand on your breast and I felt your nipple jewelry that clamped on your very stiff nipples. Softly I stroke your nipples through your dress and you felt soft and weak all over your body. I felt a tremble through your body. For a moment I frightened, because I feared that you just came because of the stimulation of your nipples. But that was not the case. What happened was that the waiter just discovered how the remote worked and I felt how your nipple jewelry stretched and loosened up and down, softly vibrating along the way, so that your nipples were stimulated even more. You turned almost upside down from the excitement, and just to get some distraction we went dancing again.
It was lovely to feel your arms around my neck, and we groaned and kissed repeatedly. If we moved a little bit apart, I saw your stiff nipples through your gown and you looked hazy. I just looked around seeing other couples experiencing the same.
The nipple jewelry was turned off, and you got some time to catch up. We went back to our table, were Dover sole was served in butter and dill sauce. A delicious white wine was served along. Just when we almost forgot we were in this special place and just enjoyed our dinner, also the aphrodisiac in this dish started to work. You felt a glow in your pussy and you turned very moist, but you were not alone. My penis grew harder and harder as well. And when they turned on both my penis ring and your little egg, we just wanted to fuck. We looked around and saw some couples being removed shivering all over their bodies, and we just realized that a nice fuck would directly bring us to the end of this evening, as that was the rule in this restaurant. We withheld with the greatest effort and limited ourselves to stroking and kissing.
It was time for the photographer and a little bit unsure in the knees, we moved over the dance floor to the opposite of the room. Here in one of the niches, the photographer was situated. We noticed that the movements in our penis ring and vibrating egg were put on low, so with a feeling of excitement, we could just manage; we took care of our appearance and the photographer made a couple of nice photos. After that I saw the photographer whispering in your ear and with eyes full of excitement you nodded yes. A little curtain was closed in front of the niche and almost immediately you took off your cocktail dress. I saw you in your underwear, with your nipple decoration and the chainlets between vagina and nipples. I almost came, just from that view, but could just withhold, while the photographer made a couple of beautiful photographs of you. You turned your arms around me and gave me a deep French kiss, and with my hands on your naked buttocks I again heard the clicking of the photographer. Finally you sat down on a kind of bar stool with me standing against your back, with my hands cupping your breasts. You did your legs wide open, showing you swollen wet pussy for a couple of last photographs.
I almost came and asked you to follow me immediately. You put your gown over your head and just in time we left the photographers niche. On the dance floor we danced intensely. There was slow music and our hands slid over each other's bodies. Looking aside I saw there were just some five couples left, all almost copulating at the dance floor. I felt the penis ring stretched around my penis and knew that would not change before we would leave this room.
We went back to our table, and with a strange alienating feeling we ate our dame blanche. I looked at you and it almost seemed I could look through your clothes. I saw your gown, but also your stocking, your bustier, your breasts, your nipples, your pubic hair, your moist pussy. And I saw you gazing over me in the same way.
We walked down the dance floor not knowing if we were clothed or naked and we danced full heartedly, intensely kissing, touching each other wherever we could. There were only two other couples left. They also looked naked. We felt that the nipple rings, the penis ring and the vibrating egg were turned on fully. I saw the other two couples shivering and being removed.
Just before we passed the point of no return the vibration reduced. We fully were off this world. Then, we felt a soft hand on our shoulder. It was the manager. Dear Sir and Madam: This evening you have won the first price: An erotic vacation for two persons. However, this evening is finished now. I'll get your belongings and bring you to the exit.
We gathered our belongings and walked outside. A taxi was waiting. The taxi still accelerating, you freed my penis and I lifted your gown. In one straight push I entered you and immediately we both came with the most powerful orgasm we ever had.
And about that vacation I will write another time...