Before you read this you might want to read part 1 of this story. We are in our hotel room. I am passed out on the bed now totally nude, my husband is here also in a pair of shorts and our new friend has just finished getting dress after he had used me several times as a real life sex doll. He has told my husband that he has a few friends down stairs that would love the chance to play around also. So he uses the hotel phone and calls down to one of his friends to let him know what is going on. My husband tells me the bartender is tells his friend that he had just had the most amazing and crazy sex he has ever had and told the guy that he and some of the guys should come to our room and get in on it.
My husband tells me it seems like a long time before any one shows up but he is shock to open the door and sees four men and a good-looking girl waiting to come in. They are all standing around the bed looking at me totally nude, passed out, and cum pooling out of my cunt. My husband starts by telling them the rules. The first is no one can hurt me in anyway. The second is they can suck, fuck, and play with me in any way they can come up with. Then our new bartender friend tells them what they have already done. My husband says that they are all look at him as if he cannot be serious. My husband tells them that we both love to play around like this but if they are not comfortable with the situation they can back out or they can stay and have fun.
My husband tells me the first thing they do is strip off their cloths except for the girl that came with them. He tells me she seems a little reluctant to do anything at first. Two of the guys lie down next to me and start to play with my nipples. One of the guys went and got a wash cloth and is cleaning my cunt and then starts to finger fuck my pussy. The forth guy starts to play with my foot, using it to rub his cock. The guy jacking himself off with my foot then starts to tell the girl, who is apparently his girlfriend that she should have some fun. He tells her that he has always wanted to do some crazy stuff with her.
She asked him what he wanted her to do. The first thing he tells her to do is kiss me. So she starts to kiss me putting her tongue in my mouth and then kissing down my neck. At this all four of the guys start to tell her to take her clothes off. She just keeps kissing me and start to rub her fingers through my hair. So her boyfriend moves behind her and starts to pull her clothes off but she will not let him take her panties off her. She is now next to naked and the guy is rubbing her pussy and telling her to rub her tits in my face. She leans over and starts to rub her tits in my face.
While that is going on the person that was finger fucking me has now moved up and is sliding his cock in and out of my wet pussy. One of the guys sucking my tit tells them to roll me over so that I am now on top of the guy that is fucking me and he moves behind me so that he can try and fuck my ass. My husband tells me he asked him first before he did it. He told him that when he said they could go anything that meant anything. So he starts to finger my asshole. He must have changed his mind about fucking my ass because my husband tells me the next thing he does is tell the guy below me he is going to DP me if he is ok with it. The guy just tells him to go for it. Up until this time I have never had two cocks inside my pussy at the same time, I would not even think that they would fit. My husband tells me after a few tries that he is able to get his dick inside of me and then they both start to push in and out of me.
As this is going on the other two guys are working on the girl. She is giving her boyfriend a blow job and the other guy is fingering her. Our bartender friend seems to have recovered some because my husband tells me he started to play with the girl's tits. My husband tells me it only took a few minutes for the guy to move from fingering her to fucking her. All the time my husband tells me he is just watching and enjoying his present.
The first two guys to cum are the ones fucking me. They roll off from me and start to watch the action with the other girl. At that time the girl's boyfriend tells her to climb between my legs and suck out as much cum from me as she can. She move up and dives into my pussy, while the guy behind her keeps going. The girl's boyfriend start to jack off right next to my face and my husband tells me he shot all over my mouth, nose, and eyes. He says that he cannot believe how much cum was on me. The girl moves up and licks his dick clean. She then licks and sucks the cum off my face. She then leans over my face and lets it drain in to my mouth before she starts to kiss me again. The fourth guy cums in the girl pussy, while she is kissing me.
Everyone but the person that wanted to DP me gets dressed and are ready to leave. Each of them took a bunch of pics of me before they left. The last guy asked if it was alright if he stayed and keeps on playing. My husband told him sure. My husband and the guy flipped me over onto my stomach because the guy wanted to play with my ass some more. My husband tells me he started to lick my asshole and pushing his tongue inside it. While he was doing this the guy was rubbing my pussy and clit. My husband tells me that he thought that I came because of the jerking I was doing. After about 5 or 10 minute of this guy licking my asshole he then rolls me over and puts my legs over his shoulder. He then starts to fuck my ass. My husband asked why he rolled me over and he told him he wanted to watch my tits bounce as he fucked me.
My husband then tells me he was so hot that he moved over next to me, put his cock in my mouth, and started to fuck my face and play with my tits. He told me how he was shoving his cock so hard down my through that he was surprised that I did not gag. He said that the guy and he both came quickly. After the guy got dress and left, my husband tells me he left me laying in the middle of the bed and covered in cum all night. He also said that he came several move time on my tits, face, and in my pussy before the night was over.
The next day I woke up around noon. I was so disoriented that I was not sure what was going on. I thought that I heard a knock at the door but was not sure. The next thing I heard was the door open and someone saying room service. I did not even open my eyes. All I knew was I was my head was killing me and I was sore all over. The room service guy must have come in and seen me lying in the bed. I can just image what he thought when he seen me naked, lying in the middle of the bed with dried cum all over me.
I heard him say I will just set this up over on the table. Not sure what he was doing but I could hear stuff being set down on the table. It seems to me he took a long time doing this. When he was done he asked if I needed anything else. I told him that I did not think so. He says have a good breakfast and then said something I did not really understand at the time. He said I hope you had a good time last night, that he knows that no matter how long he lives, that he was never going to forget me and what we all did the night before.
With that I opened my eyes and could see him standing next to the bed looking down at me. That is when I realized I was completely naked and uncovered. I have woken up a few times like this but never having someone I have never seen before there looking at me. I recovered fairly quickly and told him I hope he had fun. He told me that we all did and wished it could happen again. I told him sorry but the way I felt I would not be doing anything too soon. He then thanked me again and left.
I got up and showered, ate, and got dressed. I went down to the lobby and found my husband sitting in the lounge drink coffee. He asked me how I was. I told him I was not sure but I can't wait to hear all about why I feel like this. When he was done telling what happened I was so hot that I would have fuck him right there if I was not so sore.
I am glade that I was able to provide my husband with one of the best night of his life. I told him he needs to do something big like getting his PHD again so that we can celebrate again. He is currently working on starting his own business and told me that if the company does well we are going to have a great Christmas party.