The Debauchery event.
Dave came home from work late afternoon, just as I was stepping out of the shower. I'd ensured that below the neck, my body was smooth, silky and completely hairless to pleasure my lovers later. My newly pierced nipples were in a permanent state of erection and tingling with anticipation, at the lavish attention they would encounter later this evening. I began patting myself dry with a large towel, when Dave walked in to the bathroom, just as I was hanging the towel over the radiator. Standing naked before him, he reached out to touch my breast. Slapping his hand I playfully reprimanded him
"No touching until the guys have used me!" I tormented.
Dave grinned lustfully, obeying his cheating slut wife, as I twirled my naked body for his viewing pleasure. I scurried Dave from the bathroom and told him to go into the bedroom and choose my outfit for tonight.
Dave turned on his heels and darted into the bedroom. I could hear doors opening and closing as garments of profound sexuality would be at that moment, be being placed on my bed for my body to adorn. I dried my blonde hair, semi dry and walked in to the bedroom.
Dave was smiling like an excited schoolboy, opening his palm and gesturing at the slut lingerie covering our bed. Dave had selected a very tight, soft leather look, quarter cup Basque, which tied very tight, cinching my waist to almost minuscule proportions. I smiled nodding my head at his choices. Next to the basque was a pair of black seamed fishnet stocking. A long pair of leather look soft elbow length gloves lay either side of the Basque and lying just above was a two inch wide leather look black choker, something we recently discovered from a sex website, that indicated that the wearer was available for anal sex! The guys already knew that my ass was available to them, after all, they all fucked my ass the last time, but it was reassuring to emphasise my ass availability to my lovers. My skintight black spandex mini dress was hanging on the wardrobe door with my spike heeled fuck me shoes beneath. Dave smiled nervously yet excitedly.
"I've a little surprise!" he grinned, as pulled a pair of black, shiny leather, thigh length boots with six inch spiked heels.
"I thought you could meet in the bar wearing your shoes then change into the boots once we got to the room!" he smiled.
"Fuck that!" I smiled "I'm wearing them to the bar! The guys wont be able to keep their hands off me when they see this little outfit!"
"But everyone will think you're a slut!" Dave quipped.
"Everyone will know I'm a Slut!" I corrected " Come on help me get ready!"
Dave held up the the tiny black Basque as I slipped my arms through the shoulder straps. Dave pulled the tight Basque together at the back and began fastening the hook and eyes of the leather look garment. Once the last hook was in place, Dave turned me round to face him, giving him full access to the lace front. Dave pulled the lace tight at my waist, giving a very erotic curvy effect to waist and bust. My breast nestled on the quarter cups of the basque, making my large firm breasts look very pert and undoubtedly framing my pierced nipples to maximum effect. Dave took the seamed fishnet stockings from the packet, rolled them up neatly and placed my toe inside the black fishnet. Rolling the stockings up my calf and high up my thighs was a most erotic sensation. Dave attached the Garter straps to the stockings ensuring the seam was straight. This process was repeated with the other stocking, as my slut look was beginning to take shape. Dave unzipped the black leather thigh length boots, slipping my feet inside and manipulating the leather till my feet sat snugly inside the the leather bondage. I stared at my reflection in the mirror, not recognising myself, but familiarising myself with the slut staring back at me. My waist looked tiny and my pierced tits looked absolutely huge. The boots and stockings combined, ensured my legs looked the longest they ever had. I bent slightly, arching my back, testing the comfort of the restraining Basque.As tight as it was, it was still comfortable enough to allow me to bend and twist freely. Something I would most definitely be doing, while giving my attention to three hot throbbing cocks. Dave handed me the elbow length gloves which I pulled on tightly. I looked like a very expensive bondage hooker. Dave was sporting a huge erection, dressing in me in my sexy attire, all for the purpose of three cocks to use and abuse me. Dave took my slutty tight black mini dress off the hanger and helped me to climb inside it. Dave bunched the tiny dress over my thigh length boots, then slowly slid the skin-tight dress over my basque, exposed tits and settled the straps on my shoulders as I wiggled my arms into position.
The look was almost complete with the exception of slutty make up but the choice of clothing and how it was being worn was sensational. I sat on a backless stool in front of the wardrobe mirror and completed my slut make-up. Giving my hair a quick tousle for that just fucked look, I was now ready to face the new owners of my pussy and ass. We left for the Hotel and after we had checked in to our room, I made sure everything was prepared. Placing some lubricant, baby oil and a selection of sex toys on the bedside cabinet, I removed my coat, handing it to Dave to hang up in the wardrobe. We had at least a full half hour before we were scheduled to meet in the bar. I could see how aroused Dave was, looking at his hot cheating slut wife, dressed for sex from her three new sex masters. A pang of guilt swept over me, looking at how aroused Dave was. I looked him in the eye then bent over the bed.
"Dave if you want you can rub your cock up and down my shaved slit!" I offered generously "But no fucking me! I'll be unfaithful to you, but I'm not being unfaithful to my three bulls!!" I tormented.
Dave didn't say a word but positioned himself behind me. Opening my legs wide, I felt my pussy open, displaying my labia and pink hole to Dave. I was just about to encourage Dave, when I felt the head of his rock hard cock, slide along my already drenched slit.
His cock rubbed up and down my greased pussylips, tormenting both of us.
Neither of us would come, but fuck me it really put both of us right at the edge.
Dave slid his cock back and forth for about twenty minutes. Twenty minutes that took my state of arousal to its highest point. He stopped rubbing his cock on my quim and whispered.
"Let's go down and get a drink before the guys arrive!"
Easing myself off the bed, I patted Dave's cock and said.
"Come on then, Take your cheating slut wife down to the bar!" I smiled "I can't wait to see the faces of the lounge lizards when they see this set up!"
One last look at my outrageous slut outfit in the hallway, confirmed my garter starts and pierced nipples were most prominent.
Dave held the door open as my leather boots swished together at the thighs, as I walked sexily out of the room. We were on the tenth floor, which would give us a few minutes in the lift on our way back to the room, for the guys to take advantage of my trussed up body. The lift waiting area was mirrored floor to ceiling, giving the impression of more light and space. The mirrors made me smile to myself at the thought that I could put those to good use later!
The Basque was cinching my waist delightfully, holding my huge firm breasts, high and mighty, displaying the silhouette of my pierced erect nipples, pushing against the straining material of my skin-tight dress. I would be drawing a serious amount of sexual attention to myself when I paraded through the bar. The lift arrived and Hubby and I got in. Pressing the door for the ground floor, I realized I would have to partially walk through the reception area with it's hard tiled floor. My spiked heels would resonate audibly with every step as I walked across the reception. As the lift doors opened I took a deep breath and strolled sexily across the reception area. As expected my spiked heels clicked loudly announcing my arrival. A few guys were checking in and turned with their mouths open, gawping at my sex draped curvy figure, swaying across the lobby heading to the bar. Dave opened the bar door and I sauntered through sexily and elegantly. The bar was almost at bursting point there were so many guests. The lighting was a lot dimmer than I remembered, as I noticed my bulls sitting at the same table where it all began. I had to almost squeeze through the throng of business man, who took every opportunity to brush their hands and crotches against my skin-tight draped curvy body. A few hands deftly cupped my breasts, softly gliding their hands across my pierced nipples and a few cheekily stroked my ass, even squeezing it firmly. One even twanged my garter straps, snapping the strap against my ass, creating a gentle sensual sting as I sidled my way through the crowd. I was aroused when we left our room, right now I was almost exploding with lust. As I approached the table I noticed my three bulls had now become four! This put a very interesting spin on what was inevitably to be a most erotic event.
All of my bulls stared at me intently, and I was drawn toward my new master. His eyes were piercingly blue, almost grey as the light sparkled into them. He smiled a sort of leering, sleazy smile which hinted at a wealth of depraved experience. I could feel my pussy fizzing with at excitement just from his looks alone. Keeping eye contact he said to the others.
"Is this the slut you've brought me here to fuck?" His voice deep and rich.
Harry smiled suggestively.
"We're all fucking her!" he laughed "But if you want to go first, then be our guest!"
I stood in front of the table almost in shock that the guys were discussing me like a piece of meat. I was somewhat shocked but also hugely aroused that I was their sex toy to do with as they wished. Dave stood back one step listening to the bulls detailing what they were intending to do to his loving wife.
"Come and sit here!" said the new bull "Let me have a fucking good look at you!" he drawled, his voice like warm syrup being poured into my ears.
"I'll also have a look and feel of those tits and that shaved pussy I've heard so much about!"
His tone was deep and rich, and was probably audible to every guy close enough to the table, judging by the leering eyes staring at my curved sex clad body. I was on heat from the attention and moved onto the seat beside the new bull. Placing his hand straight on to my leg above my stocking tops, he squeezed lightly, turning his head toward mine and said.
"I'm Andy and once we get upstairs, you're going to suck all of our cocks, and we're all going to fuck your pussy and ass! Then your husband can have a go if he is willing to put up with a cum drenched spunk w
hore!"
I squirmed with delight at the sexual abuse and humiliation, plus I knew Dave would be loving this.
Andy moved his hand up my leg, feeling my unclothed smooth pussy!
"No panties! A well trained slut!" Placing his index finger in to my groove, running the finger up and down my hairless slit.
Andy turned to the other three guys and said.
"You never said her nipples were pierced?" He grinned as his hand cupped my breast, his finger and thumb applying pressure to my aroused pierced nipple. I squirmed on my seat, moving my pussy closer to the edge, as Andy's finger slid inside my tight wet pussy. My eyes rolled with the pleasure his fingers were providing, teasing my pussy and nipple. My chest heaved as I began to pant with outrageous arousal.
"This cheating slut is on heat!" Andy laughed.
I could feel the whole bar looking over as Andy deliberately aroused me in full view of everyone. I glanced at Dave who was flushed with sexual excitement.
"Get those tits out and show the guys those sexy pierced nipples!" Andy said rather dominantly.
Not wanting to disappoint my masters, I scooped my breasts out of my dress, displaying my erect pierced nipples to the table and anyone who was in the line of fire.
"Fucking marvellous!" Said Ross enthusiastically.
"She's almost ready to be fucked!" Andy smiled "But first she's going to bring herself off right here. When she's completed her task we can go upstairs and destroy all of her tight holes!"
I looked shocked at Andy's instructions. I was sitting in a Hotel Bar, crammed with watching lounge lizards and Andy was insisting I make myself come! I cannot remember a time in my life when I felt so aroused. The slightest touch to my pussy would send me gushing my excitement level was so high. I smiled at Dave then leant back into the seat. My back was arched, thrusting my exposed breasts upwards. I opened my legs, moving my tight slut dress above my pussy and began to trace the shaved slit with my manicured nails. Little sparks of sexual electricity were buzzing inside my pussy, tingling my labia and clitoris. I threw my head back with my mouth open and began to move my finger faster. My passion was becoming more intense as the sexual pressure began to grow inside my pussy. My wetness was prominent as I heard my pussy squelch with unashamed lust at my rapid finger movement. I dipped my finger in and out of my pussy for effect then continued to tantalize my clitoris. My hood was totally exposed as the blood engorged my clitoris sending a sensational orgasm through my entire being. Bucking my hips involuntarily, I was panting uncontrollably as my orgasm platued, realizing that the entire bar was paying attention to my self imposed orgasm.
"Let's get the horny slut upstairs!" Andy smiled. Everyone stood up at the table to move out of the bar.
"Leave those tits exposed!" Andy insisted "And don't even think about smoothing your dress down!"
I walked amongst the guys toward the lifts as the crowded bar parted to allow me access. As we reached the doorway, the entire bar burst in to a round of applause and leering wolf whistles.
I was sexually delighted with this response and a glance at Dave let me know he was also delighted. As we arrived at the lifts, Andy pulled me towards him and gave me a forceful deep kiss.
Breaking free from our kiss, he looked directly into my eyes and demanded.
"Take that fucking dress of before we get in the lift!"
I obediently placed my hands on the hem and pulled the dress over my body and over my head. My leather look underwear was on show now, my tits sitting pertly in the quarter cups of the tight basque, with my newly pierced nipples sitting proud and erect. My shave pussy was framed by my basque and fishnet seamed stocking, accessorised with my black thigh length leather boots. I could see my absolute slut reflection on the mirrored walls, hardly recognising myself or believing that I would be standing waiting for a lift in a hotel with five guys dressed in this attire, on my way upstairs to be gloriously fucked in every available hole!
As the lift doors opened, we all piled in. Andy turned to Dave and said.
"I'd lick the sluts pussy now before the taste and scent change dramatically!"
Dave knelt behind me, holding the cheeks of my ass with both hands, and began to separate my cheeks, revealing my Ass and shaved slit to the audience. His tongue pressed flatly on my smooth slit and moved toward my asshole. Shivers ran through my body as the tip of his tongue reached my asshole. Saliva was drooling from his tongue, saturating my asshole and pussy, blending in efficiently with my already soaked pussy.
The lift doors opened as Dave was wriggling his tongue in and out of my ass. Andy and Ross were each playing with a pierced nipple. Harry was kissing me deeply, slithering his tongue in and out of my moaning mouth as Mike tenderly fingered my shaved pussy. Dave stood up vacating my asshole and left the lift to open our room door. We had booked the largest suite possible, and on our way to the hotel to day had stooped off at an off-licence to purchase some Whisky, Wine a bottle of Vodka. The guys would to stay hydrated as I was hoping to be fucked senseless tonight. The guys helped me out of the lift in my part naked state. Fingers, thumbs, hands and tongues were everywhere. We crossed the threshold of our room and Dave closed the door behind us. Andy sat down on the main armchair as the guys took up positions on the large sofa. Dave had already set up a Video camera which was linked to the big screen TV. Everyone was seated now after Dave joined the guys on the sofa after turning the Video camera and TV on. I was the only one standing, looking around the room, deliberating which cock to go for first. As Andy was a new cock to me, he was the obvious choice. I saw my movements on the big screen TV, realising that Dave had set the camera in such a way that the whole room was in camera. What I didn't know was that he ad a remote control, to reposition the camera and zoom in and out when he thought necessary. Andy looked directly into my eyes lustily as I stepped toward him. He edged forward in his seat and slowly unzipped his trousers as a huge cock sprang his zipper. His cock was enormous, with a huge purple domed head with thick blood coursing through the veins, pulsing up the length of his shaft. It was incredibly ugly and incredibly beautiful at the same time. All I could think of was that I needed this cock inside me, sooner rather than later!
Kicking his trousers off, he began to unbutton his shirt. I was staring transfixed at his huge throbbing cock as his manly physique was being displayed. In the background, I could hear clothes being removed and discarded, as I collection of grunts and sighs filled the room. From behind my waist all cinched up in the leather must have looked minute, as my ass and side boobs would have looked so inviting. I knew before my naked new master and began to give a hands free bow job, not touching his cock with my hands until I was worthy of this honour! Placing my hands on my smooth round firm buttocks, I began to pull my ass cheeks apart revealing my very wet smooth slit and my tight pink puckered ring. I twitched my pussy just enough so the guys would see my opening pulsate with every twitch. I could feel the same movements happening at my pink asshole, as my sphincter twitched in unison with my pussy. I could hear the guys express their appreciation at my wanton slut display of twitching ass and shiny wet pussy as I lovingly sucked and licked the cock of my new master.
I looked into Andy's eyes as I slobbered all over his cock as my lips and tongue devoured the fleshy shaft, like a death row prisoner gorging themselves on their last meal. Andy looked into my smiling a leering sexy smile, with more than a hint of dirty depraved sex about it.
I felt a hard warm cock slide up and down my wet slit, opening my labia slowly and deliberately, as it nudged at my opening, slowly and precisely gliding into my wet tight cunt. A pleasurable moan reverberated from my throat, vibrating the head of Andy's cock.
As exciting as it was being fucked by an unknown cock, it could not compare to the Svengali effect Andy's cock held over me. This cock was love at first sight! The pleasure provided by what turned out to be Mike's cock was scintillating to say the least, but the pleasure was increased knowing that I had my fingers, lips and tongue wrapped around Andy's perfect cock. I ran my tongue slowly and lovingly down the gorgeous shaft, flicking my tongue deftly across the coarse skin of his full meaty balls. Cupping his huge spunk filled balls, I ran my tongue down the dark skin crease, leading the tip of my tongue to Andy's asshole. As my soft tongue delicately rotated around his puckered ring, I heard a deep sexy moan emanate from Andy's throat as my wriggling tongue, slipped inside his squirming asshole. I continued running my soft feminine fingers up and down his strong shaft, hearing his breathing increase from the pleasure my fingers and tongue were providing.
"Lick my ass you dirty cheating slut!" Andy snarled, making my whole body quiver with lust and excitement at his dominating words.
"Stick it to this bitch Mike!" Andy continued "Her husband must love watching this unfaithful whore get fucked in all of her holes and lick the ass of strangers!"
I came there and then, thrashing my pussy off Mike's cock as he continually drilled my sex starved cunt! Panting my warm orgasmic breath over Andy's hanging testicles, I felt my orgasm wane as Mike pushed deep inside my pussy and filled my tight velvet hole with hot spicy seed. Spurt after powerful spurt, flooded my pussy as I deftly licked Andy's balls. I felt Mike slide his cock from my pussy, with residual seed flowing out of just fucked cunt. I felt a strange but pleasant vibration penetrate my labia, sending shockwaves through my pussy. Dave had picked up the Rabbit Vibrator and slipped the rotating head deep inside my pussy, twirling clockwise, forcing Mike's spunk out of my creamed hole. The tiny tickling ears of the Rabbit, Dave had placed on my puckered ring, as the tingling sensations allowed the tiny ears to enter my asshole with no resistance.
Mike's cum was swirling with the rotating head of the Rabbit vibrator, coating the sex toy his creamy deposit. As Dave eased the sex toy from my pussy, a large glob of thick spunk, slid from my pussy, landing on the carpet with a distinct thud.
Dave brought the cum coated sex toy round to my lips as I removed Andy's superior cock from my mouth, and began to fellate the sex toy, removing every trace of cum from the plastic phallus.
Andy tapped my head indicating he wanted his cock back between my soft lips. I willingly obliged his request, holding his huge cock at the base and began to tongue worship his monstrous weapon. Dave took the Rabbit vibrator and plunged the full length deep inside my wet pussy. The vibrations were sending wild sensations through my pussy as I felt my walls tighten on to the sex toy as my orgasm built up pressure and finally exploded with a gush of female ejaculation.
With my mouth clamped over Andy's cock, I heard the guys all cheer at my convulsing, gushing pussy. You could hear my pussy juice slop on to the hard wooden floor of the hotel room, as the last remnants began to drip in to the small gathered pool of my cum.
Andy was the most alpha male guy I'd ever encountered. All of the guys were waiting in the wings to fuck my pussy and ass, but no one made a move unless instructed by Andy. I was in a state of arousal that I never thought was possible, worshipping the cock of my alpha male. I looked up to Andy's smiling face as I sucked and slobbered over his delicious cock.
Andy spoke softly but with a deep bass tone.
"Ross, help this bitch onto my cock, then fuck her ass. Let's make her airtight!" He laughed as Ross swept me off the floor. Holding me above Andy's cock, he positioned me so that my opening was directly above Andy's bulbous purple head. I placed my hands on the arms of the chair and slowly slid down on Andy's cock. My pussylips were being delightfully stretched, almost kissing Andy's shaft as it slowly slid inside me, inch by inch. My eyes were rolling with passion and my breathing became erratic such was the devastating pleasure provided by this world class cock. My stomach was flipping with sexual excitement. My orgasm was building pressure as my pussy walls clung to the meaty shaft.
As I slid the whole length inside me, I leant forward and brushed my swollen lips across Andy's. His tongue flicked out, running gently along my tingling lips, tickling the flesh then sliding between my teeth. I kissed him passionately as I felt the hard cock of Ross, nudge at my puckered ring. I heard a spitting sound then felt the wetness of saliva as Ross coated his cock and my ass with his personal lubricant. His cock pushed beyond my sphincter as it gripped his bell end. I moaned in to the mouth of Andy at the pleasurable sensation of two cocks inside me. Ross gave one continuous slow push till his cock was buried deep inside my ass. Kissing Andy and being fucked by him and Ross was too much for me and my huge orgasm began. I was thrashing wildly on both cocks as my orgasm exploded producing another gushing orgasm. My female ejaculation burst out of my pussy, drenching Andy's six pack stomach with a creamy warm fluid. I broke free from our kiss, desperately needing air. My head was spinning with sexual delight as my pussy convulsed with pleasure on Andy's cock. Ross was feeling the undulating movement of my pussy through the thin layer of flesh between my pussy and ass. He began thrusting faster and faster, his balls slapping against Andy's rock hard cock. His balls slapping Andy's cock, reverberated through my pussy, as my pussy walls gripped the massive cock as it throbbed inside me.
"Fuck me guys! Use me as your slut!" I panted
"You heard the whore!" Andy smiled "C'mon Harry, get your cock in the sluts mouth and fill that mouth with cum!"
Harry stood up and walked over to the chair with his hard cock in his hand. Standing at the side of the chair I turned my head toward his cock and glided my soft lips over his swollen glans. Dave went to the other side of the chair and began to gently tweak and twist my pierced nipples.
I was like some kind of gang-bang porno slut and loved every minute of this.
Andy turned to Dave and said.
"That's all your going to do tonight. Only we will fuck her and you can play with her tits!"
Dave just nodded open mouthed, twisting my nipples harder.
Andy stared at Dave quite menacingly and said.
"In fact when these guys have cum, I'm kicking them all out and fucking this slut on my own, but I'll let you watch and you can wank your cock while your slut wife cheats on you!"
Dave again nodded in agreement open mouthed. Harry pulled my hair tightly and growled .
"Suck it bitch!" Then came violently down my throat. His cock pulsed as each strong spurt slid down my cock hungry throat. No sooner had Harry emptied his load, when Ross pulled his cock out of my ass and moved to where Harry had just been. Without thinking I placed my lips over Ross' turgid cock and began to swallow his load, ass to mouth. My filthy slut antics sent me over the edge and I came on Andy's cock, swallowing Ross' cum between orgasmic pants. I licked Ross cock completely clean like a true slut, as Andy said he was coming and wanted to coat my slut face. I sprang off his cock and knelt before my alpha male master, holding the base of his length as hot spunk spewed from his enormous cock. The slut inside me craved his spunk inside me as I opened my mouth wide, feeling the the Hugh pressure load slam inside my mouth. One. Jet sprayed across my lips, which I lapped up greedily. Swallowing every drop his masculine seed, I began to softly lick and kiss his deflating cock. I looked over at my husband and winked at him. He smiled back at me as I stood up, well fucked and only wearing my slut lingerie.
"Right guys it's time for you lot to leave as I'm only fucking Andy for the rest of the night!"