Australia is dotted with nude beaches. I've been to a few, including the busy boats and tents at Cobblers in Sydney, and more remote wide sandy bays where your fellow nudists are almost out of sight. A natural form of social distancing I guess, although the tendency at these beaches is to chatter and become acquainted. Being naked in public always feels normal to me, and bodies are more interesting to observe without clothes.
In Canberra, not being near the sea, our nude beach is on the Murrumbidgee river. A steep slope rises above the rocky waters, with enough trees and sand to provide shade and access to the big natural pool.
We'd been there before, my tall handsome lover and me. I packed a picnic lunch, we had sparkling wine, and soon were refreshed with a swim in the cool water. A couple came by on kyacks, and under the trees a young woman with a body to die for was making friends fast.
It was a quiet sunny afternoon, late summer. The river gurgling along, birds in the trees and a gentle breeze. The rock pool big enough for a decent swim, but watch out for the rocks beneath the water. Cool, refreshing, makes you wonder why anyone wears swimmers.
Siesta time after our swim, a little lie down on the plaid blanket, his caresses always welcome hands gliding over my body, over each limb, my back arching a bit just responding to his touch. His nibbles on my neck. So soothing being stroked like a cat as we chatted about nothing in particular.
When I had to pee he took me to what I thought was a secluded spot, and when I squatted he flapped his dick in my face.
"Here give it a lick."
I took it in my mouth, peeing while sucking him. When I got up I saw there was a young many nearby, who just gave an appreciative smile. I wasn't even embarrassed.
We lay down again on the blanket, comfortable, warm, close, content. I so appreciate his fine body, large boned, solid, but not at all fat. I like a man who's well covered. Enjoying this, his breath just tickling my neck, feeling him getting hard behind me. His fingers slowly gently persistently with intent prying open my labia, finding that spot of concavity, just enough to get his finger in.
I feel myself loosening, and his added bit of saliva tips me into moist receptivity. It takes him a while to get it in, the prying was done with minimum thrust, not wanting to attract the attention of the other nudies. They were a little distance away, between trees and water. I covered my face with my hat but kept my moans modest, sort of automatically turning down the volume.
Unlike the other day, when I mounted him on the bed. We were both a bit pent up because we'd fooled around unsuccessfully the night before. We went out in his four wheel drive to a place in the bush after dark.
"Let's see if we can do this" I suggested.
He came around my side and tried to get it in, but the height was not conducive. Like teenagers, we are exploring places to have sex now that I have someone living with me of such a different cultural background that I choose to keep my sex life obscured.
But daytimes are ok at my place, because my housemate works normal nine to five. Quaint but convenient.
Naked together is our preferred state, foreplay touching stroking sucking our usual path to reacquaintence.
"Do you want to saddle up?"
So mount him I did, this cowgirl sat on his horn. Worked it slowly in with moans of combined effort and delight. Then we unleashed a full on five minutes of not thinking just greedy fucking without direction, off we went, no volume control there, until I could feel him building and rode that wave with him.
I always wonder if the neighbors can hear. His sounds more subdued but pleasurable growls as he gets closer to his peak. I'm squeezing his cock deep inside me, his big strong hands gripping and pumping my hips up and down in and out further and further until his release. More waves until the last drop is out of him. My body giving afterspasms as I collapse on his chest.
"We needed that."
That was yesterday. We needed it today too, but differently. It was fine to be quietly rocking in sync. I was surprised he was able to come, but I the freedom of the setting turned him on. Afterwards he said the others were watching, but maintained a polite distance. Had we been more boisterous it would have encouraged the observers to come in closer, dicks in hand no doubt.
This week was a treat to be with him 3 days in a row, even if we can't spend the night together.
Such are the fond and horny memories that smile me to sleep. Looking forward to the next time...