The email from Sandy was a welcome surprise, but I wondered why she didn't call. It had been a while since I heard from her. I decided, to wait and read the email later. She had just sent it and I didn't want to seem too eager. Besides I had Ava to deal with and needed to get back home.
I found Ava on the couch in the den, an empty plate and coke can sitting on the coffee table. She had several SAT books spread out around her and her laptop in her lap. She heard me approach and looked up.
"How's the studying going," I smirked.
"Boring, boring, boring Sir. If I keep looking at all this material my head is going to explode," she whined.
"Take a break, we need to talk," I said and turned and went into the kitchen. As I pulled a bottle of water out of the fridge she came in and sat at the center island on a bar stool.
I was not sure where to start, so I just jumped in and started. "Ava we have been role-playing, me teaching you to be a submissive, but for the time being let's just be brother and sister and talk. Okay?" My brow raised as I sat down next to her.
"Okay," she said nervously "what did you want to talk about?"
"Nothing is the matter, if that's what you're thinking. We just need to be really serious for a moment. I talked to Richard and asked him to speak to his Dad. He's a highly respected Law Professor at University of Alabama, about writing a letter of recommendation for you to get into a major university based on your SAT scores."
"Lee I can't thank you enough for what you've done for me. If not for you I would probably be in jail or worse." she sighed. "But I don't know for sure what I want to do, plus a major university would be extremely expensive," she said with a frown.
"Let's not get ahead of ourselves," I chuckled, "you don't have to decide what you want to do with your life right now. I just want to see that the door is open for you to do whatever you decide, sooner rather than later. You're too damn smart and deserve the opportunity."
"I don't know if deserve is the right word, after the things I've done," she frowned again.
"Ava you're not the first young person to get off on the wrong foot, but you are no longer that bratty kid from Deer Creek," I replied and hugged her with my left arm.
The feel of her warm body triggers thoughts of what we had done in this room. Instantly my cock responds. I quickly pull away and get back on topic.
"I just wanted to let you know, Richard said his Dad would want to meet and talk with you before he agreed to help. I told him that would not be a problem and he could even test you himself. Would you be willing to do that?" I asked hoping she didn't balk and refused to meet him.
"Yes Sir," she grinned, "oops, I mean yeah Lee I can do that.
"That's another thing," I chuckled, "I think we need to set some boundaries on the role-playing of me training you as a submissive."
Her grin turned into a frown like I had slapped her, so I immediately followed up. "I'm not saying we stop, just not 24/7. In the BDSM community, many couples living together or married, will limit the role-play to certain times. For example, the Dom might say something like 'Game On' and that means he's ready for her to submit, or when they are at the club. Other times it's just a regular relationship. Understand?" Hoping she understood I wasn't ready to stop enjoying her sexy body.
"So your saying if we are not playing, (pause) I can tell you to fuck off and not get spanked for it," she giggled and smiled.
"Yeah," I chuckled loudly, "you can be your bratty self and not get spanked. Unless you really piss me off, then I'll remember it when we do play and really spank your ass hard."
"So let me get this right. We're not playing right now?" She asked with a sly grin.
"No we are not playing right now, I haven't said 'Game On' have I?" I smirked.
"Good then I'm through studying and going swimming, I have SAT shit coming out of my ears and need a break," she laughed.
"No you're not, you still have things to do," I said firmly in a gruff voice.
"But you just said..." she started and I interrupted her.
"I think you need to pack your stuff up...(pause) " she frowned "....and move your things into that bedroom you want, then you can swim," trying hard not to chuckled and sound serious, as her eyes widen her mouth hanging open in surprise.
She was so excited she jumped up and hugged me and giggled, "I'm going to do that right now before you have a chance to change your mind." Then she took off running and I heard her feet pounding up the stairs.
I sat there smiling and finished my water. Regardless of what Sandy's email said, I was going to keep Ava in my life one way or another. With that decision made I head to my office to read Sandy's email. It was time to grow a pair of balls and move forward regardless of what Sandy had to say. If her email gave me an opening, I was going to let her know I was interested in her, and she could then make her own decision and we both could move forward with our lives.
Going up the stairs I could hear Ava giggling and packing up the things in her room. I felt like a ton of weight had lifted off my shoulders, as I trudged on up to my office. I still didn't know where mine and Ava's relationship was headed, but figured we could work it out one way or another.
Opening up my laptop I quickly pulled up Sandy's email and opened it:
Hi Lee.
Sorry for taking so long to get in touch. I've had my hands full here between running the business and fighting with Larry. He moved out and I guess moved in with his boyfriend. Yeah, he's gay. I should have known that the signs were there, I was to stupid to see them. Anyway I filed for divorce and that's in the works.
Larry seldom showed up to work, so I'm putting in 18 hour days trying to keep the business afloat. When he did show up and work a few hours he did shitty work, but expected to get his weekly paycheck.
I have a hellcat for an attorney and she told me I didn't have to pay him for hours not worked, but he's entitled to his share of quarterly profits due to having 49 percent ownership.
I've often picked up the phone to call you for advice or just to talk, but I realize you're busy and don't need to get dragged into this mess. I do miss our talks, but if I called I would probably break down and cry the entire time while on the phone.
Anyway, I put on my big girl panties and confronted Larry. I told him I had talked to most of our customers and they would follow me if I started my own publishing business. He blew up and I thought he was going to attack me, but he didn't, he just stormed out of the office.
I told my attorney and she met with Larry's attorney and gave him an option to present to Larry. The good news is Larry's attorney convinced Larry it was in his best interest to take my offer. I had to give him the house in the deal, but I was fine with that since Noah had made a huge down payment on it.
So now I'm the proud owner of Johnson Publishing, in debt up to my eyeballs and working long hours.
Sunday is the only day I take off. I couldn't even do that if I had not hired several part-time college students interested in the publishing business. They have been a life saver. Some days everything goes well and I can get off after putting in only 12 hours. LOL
Anyway just so you know, you are stuck with me due to our contract with LG Technical Services. Hopefully we can talk soon, or if you would like your welcome to visit anytime.
I have a 2 bedroom apartment I share with Tab my roommate. He and I will make room for you.
Your Friend Forever,
Sandy
P.S. Tab is my kitten and he's a real sweetheart. I rescued him from the pound and he keeps me from being lonely.
Closing the email and saving it to a folder, I closed my laptop. I smiled looking out the window toward the beach. I was proud of her. I certainly understood her wanting to do it on her own. I giggled as I thought about her teasing about living with a guy, that was really a cat, but it appeared she was interested in seeing me.
My girl needed her ass spanked for teasing like that. When I read she was living with a guy I felt like I wanted to punch something. Fuck emailing her, I would call her later. Somehow I was going to try and convince her we needed to try and see if there was something between us. I still felt that connection with her.
I put my bathing suit on and headed downstairs. As I passed the second floor landing, Ava was carrying a suitcase toward her new bedroom humming loudly. Her back was to me and I stopped to watch her prance down the hall. Her white short-shorts barely cover her heart shaped ass. Her butt cheeks jiggle with each step.
My dick twitches, the Devil voice kicks in action, 'damn dude it's time to fuck that ass', the other voice didn't even respond. Probably because it knew it was a waste of time.
I cleared my throat loudly to get her attention, "You need any help?" My voice was gravelly.
She quickly turned as she reached the door to her new bedroom and smiled brightly.
"This is the last of my stuff, I'm just going to set this in here, and put on my bathing suit. I'll get more organized later," she huffed like she was out of breath.
"You didn't have to rush," I chuckled, "but when your ready come on down to the pool. I'm going to grab myself some beer, do you want me to ice down some wine coolers for you?"
"That would be great! I'm ready to relax and forget about books and think about..... well anything but books," she giggled. I could see the mischief in her eyes.
The Devils voice popped up again, 'damn dude she's asking for it, now's the time to take that sweet ass,' but I responded, "Good, so am I, see you in a few minutes."
At the pool I sat the ice chest down between two of the lounge chairs, and a package of Chomps beef sticks. A nice beef snack made of real beef, salty and spicy and about 8" long and about 3/4 inch diameter. I had just dove in the water to cool off when Ava walked up and bent down to spread her towel on the lounge chair.
Her ass toward me, she had on a navy blue thong bikini bottom. My cock thickened and the Devil voice tried to speak, "Shut up," I mumbled a little too loud.
"Did you say something," her head turned toward me as she stood up and tugged on the bottom of her navy blue bikini top, that was struggling to contain her boobs.
"No," I murmured, " just treading water and cooling off."
She walked over and gracefully dove in the pool, and came up a few feet from me. "Oh this feels so much better," she said as she used her feet to tread water, while using her hands to quickly brush the water from her eyes.
"Did you bring your phone with you?" I asked her as we tread water. Me trying to maintain eye contact and not glanced at her tits or pussy in the clear water. My dick was hard enough already.
"Yes, why?" she asked, her head cocked to the side wondering why I was asking.
"Well I have been staying in touch with Mom and Dad telling them you were doing okay. I had told them not to try and contact you until they heard from me. I think it's time you gave them a call and talked to them yourself."
"What am I supposed to say to them? They probably aren't going to trust anything I say to them," she mumbled.
"The truth would be what I recommend," I chuckled.
"Oh yeah, let's see," putting a finger up to her mouth and rolling her eyes, "Mom I'm not doing drugs but I am studying to be a submissive, and Lee is a great instructor," she giggled.
She had just started giggling when I reached out and pushed her head underwater. Her body sank down and she came up sputtering and coughing, "You...asshole," she gasped. I pulled her to me as she almost sank again struggling to get her breath.
Her arms went around my neck and her legs around my waist, as she got her breath back. I was close enough to the edge of the pool to use one arm and pull us to the side. She coughs a couple more times then since I'm holding us up, she uses her hands to wipe her eyes. Her legs are still around me. My dick is hard against her crotch and she grins, when she gets her eyes cleared and just smiles knowing she is the cause of it.
"I think the truth should be you're doing well, taking some online classes and studying to take the SAT again. That you miss them and sorry for being a brat the past 15 or so years," I laughed, trying not to think about our lower parts being connected.
"Oh for 15 years I've been a brat is what you're saying," she grinned and I felt her grind herself against me.
"You're being a brat right now, and you have been a brat since you were 3 years old," I chuckled as I pried her from me and pitched her up in the air and she splashed down and went under water.
I took that time to get out of the pool and walk over and grab my towel and wrap it around my waist. She came up splashing the water and started laughing, as she swam over and climbed out of the pool.
I was sitting on the edge of the lounge chair with a beer when she walked up in front of me. She was gripping her pony tail wringing the water out of it. Her glistening body looked like a work of art. An erotic work of art, as the water dripped down her big tits and from the crotch of her bathing suit.
To get my mind off sex, I grabbed a wine cooler and handed it to her as she straightened up after wringing her pony tail out. "Thanks," she said and sat down on her chair, "you know paybacks a bitch," she giggled.
God this felt good, our teasing back and forth. I was enjoying just being with her. Yes I wanted to bang all her holes, but it was just nice having a sister to hang with. I wondered what it would have been like had we been closer in age. Would we have had a close relationship had there only been say a year or two between us? She broke me out of my reverie by raising her voice.
"Lee, Lee, hey you okay?" she asked seeming concerned.
"Yeah, just thinking how nice it is having you here, except when you're being a brat," I chuckle.
"It seemed like it was more than that, you're okay right?"
"I promise I'm fine," I smile and reach for a beef stick. "Go ahead and call home I'm sure Mom's home this time of day. I'll take a walk and be right back, so you can have some privacy."
I went to the back patio, one to give her privacy and the other reason to get my dick to go down. I finished my beer and grabbed another from the fridge on the patio. After about 15 minutes I walked back toward the pool. I could hear Ava still talking but couldn't make out what she was saying. She laughed every once in a while. That was a good sign. As I got closer I heard say, "Bye love you both."
"How did it go," I asked as I sat down. I noticed her wipe a tear from her eye.
"Good, real good," she tried to smile. "They were happy to hear from me and said to tell you hi." I didn't push for more info, I saw her wine cooler was empty and handed her another one.
She had laid back on the lounge chair, in an upright position while I was gone. Damn she looked beautiful. Taking the wine cooler she took a drink and closed her eyes.
Finally she spoke her lips trembling, "Mom was crying when we hung up, I really hurt them Lee," then broke down sobbing. I quickly scooped her up in my arms and held her in my lap.
"Hey, you can bet they were happy tears Ava," I whispered in her ear as I stroked her back. "I promise you they are so happy right now that you called. I never saw Dad cry before in my life, but he did while I was home. They both love you so much, now they can stop worrying and I bet if we could see them right now they are as happy as the day you were born," I kept rubbing her back as a tear rolled down my cheek.
She didn't speak for a few minutes then perked up some, "I hope you're right, but I can promise you this, I'm going to do everything I can to make them proud of me," she said in a confident voice.
"In that case I think I need to take my favorite sister out to eat," I chuckled.
"I'm your only sister asshole," she giggled, and got up and sat back down on her chair. It was a good thing because her thong covered butt in my lap was making me hard again, and this was not a time for that.
"Where you like to go eat tonight," I asked her.
"Could we just order a Meat Lover's pizza and go out another night," she pleaded with sad eyes. Sad eyes my ass. I could see the mischievous look in her eyes. So I just grinned and said. "Fine, Game On."
Her eyes lit up and she bit her bottom lip, then she smiled and said in a sexy voice, "Yes Sir, do you have anything in mind?"
"I think you need to let the back of your chair down and get on your hands and knees on your chair, and be quick about it," I growled.
"Yes Sir," she giggled and did as I instructed. In no time at all she was on her hands and knees, looking back over her shoulder grinning at me.
I stood up and moved closer, and ran my hand down her spine to the cheeks of her fine ass. She shivered and smiled thinking I was going to do something to please her. She was wrong, and didn't know what was coming. I wanted to spank that beautiful sexy ass and by damn I was going to.
I kept running my hand up and down her back slowly, when I reached her butt I would squeeze one cheek of her ass. The next trip up her back to her neck I pulled loose the bikini top at at neck, then on the way down her back I pulled the strap loose that was holding her top, and it floated down on the chair under her. Now those large tits were free and hanging down, nipples already pebbled.
She moaned as the top fell away, her head looking down at her exposed breasts.
"I don't want to hear a peep out of you, keep quiet unless I ask you to speak," my voice is deep and husky. Moving down to her ass I squeeze the other cheek of her butt, so it won't feel left out. She groans and pushes back against my hand.
I take my hand away and my palm comes down on her left ass cheek, "SMACK".
She gasps and her head comes up and a little squeak comes out of her mouth. Before she recovers I hit the other cheek "SMACK,". She groans.
The thong bottom is perfect for this. Each cheek of her ass is fully exposed to me. My cock is about to punch a hole in my trunks.
"Remember. This. If. Your. Bratty. At. Any. Time. I'll. Spank. Your. Ass. With each word I "SMACK" her ass. That's twelve more licks that she's taken. She is moaning and her ass is red.
I gently run my hand over the flamed skin and feel the heat coming off her butt. She had a total of 14 smacks and never screamed or called out, other moans and groans.
"Good Girl," I praised her, and kissed each cheek of her red ass. She shivered and moaned loudly. Pulling the thong out of her ass crack exposing her anus and pussy, she was wet. I ran a finger through her wetness, then smeared it around her rectum.
She groaned and pushed against my hand.
I chuckled, and pushed my finger into her dark channel knuckle deep. Her head came up again and gasped. I finger fucked her ass for just a minute, then pulled my finger out.
My cock was so hard it hurt. Even after I pulled my finger out, she kept rocking back like she was searching for my digit that had disappeared.
I groaned myself and finally pulled her thong bottom back in place covering her two holes. "Good Girl, now don't say a word. Get up and go upstairs and put on that pink nightshirt, nothing else. Go. Now," I growled.
She got up and I noticed she wiped a tear from her cheek and grabbed her top and took off for the house. Those red ass cheeks jiggled as she walked away.
My cock was hurting so bad I grabbed a cold can of beer out of the ice chest and held it against my groin. The Devil's voice was back, 'Dude not your finger, shove your cock up that fine ass'.
Carrying the ice chest back in the house I called the order in for pizza, extra large tip with instructions to just place the order on a small table just outside the door and leave. My security cameras would alert me when the delivery was made.
I was on the couch in the den when Ava came in wearing the pink nightshirt as I instructed. It had a v-neck that exposed much of her cleavage, her tits swaying with each step. It came down just barely low enough to cover her pussy.
She stared at the objects on the coffee table. A butt plug and large tube of lube.
Standing in front of me, I cleared my throat. "Answer me truthfully, do you want to experience anal play."
She paused for a minute, her eyes going to the plug. It was significantly bigger than a finger. Biting her lower lip she looked at me and nodded yes with her head.
"I need to hear you say it Ava. Remember you can always safe word out at any time by saying RED."
"Yes Sir, I.....want to...try it," she mumbled.
"Remember, at any time just say RED and everything stops. Understand?"
"I understand, Yes Sir," she responded more firmly.
"Good Girl, then get on the floor, your head down and your ass up." I couldn't keep from groaning when she got in position. In this position her short nightshirt rode up exposing her red ass and two holes, without me having to lift it.
The plug had a red jeweled base and was about 4 1/2 inches long and 3 1/2 inches in diameter at the widest part. The tapered end started off about the size of the tip of my finger. I held it where she could see it, "This is going up your ass, but I will lube it up good before I do. Right now I'm going to lube up your butt hole first."
"Ye...Yes Sir," she murmured looking at the plug.
She flinched when I spread her ass cheeks, "Just hold still and relax your muscles, it will be much easier." My finger was coated with lube and I rub circles around her rectum for a minute. She relaxed and moaned, she had already had my finger in her ass. I applied pressure and my digit slid into her, her sphincter gripped my finger and I pushed deeper. After getting two knuckles deep I started finger fucking her ass. She was really moaning now and meeting my thrust.
When I pulled my finger out she groaned. I quickly lubed up two fingers and pushed back into her butt. She squealed as two fingers pushed into her bottom.
"Color," I asked her.
"Green," she moaned.
"Good Girl your doing great." I twisted and turned my finger as I finger fucked her ass. She was into it now, moaning and moving her ass back and forth. I finally just held my hand still and she was fucking herself rocking back and forth.
I pulled my fingers out and grabbed the plug I had already lubed up. She was still rocking her ass back and forth when I placed the plug against her crinkled hole. The tapered end slid in, but that was only 1/2 long then it started expanding. As I pushed in slowly, she grunted, "Oh...oh..fuck..." she moaned while holding still.
"If you want to safe word just say RED Ava," I growled.
"Nooo....gr...green.." she groaned.
"Okay, then relax and if you can reach under you and rub your clit," I whispered softly.
Her right snaked under her and she started rubbing her clit. I felt her relax and started pushing into her rectum slowly. When the widest part stretched her anus she squealed loudly and I quickly shoved pasted her sphincter muscle and it slid home, her sphincter closed around the base of the plug. The red jeweled head shining brightly.
Oh..oh..fuckkk," she groaned, "it feels like a bat up my ass."
I chuckled, "Good Girl, you took that better than any girl I can remember. Here let me help you up."
As I helped her to get up, she moaned and gripped my arm. "Here have a seat on the couch." I told her.
"No I...think I'll....just stand here for a minute," she moaned.
"Suit yourself," I chuckled. "Are you okay?"
"Yes Sir, just feels really full back there," she smiled, shifting from one foot to the other.
"Try walking and get the feel of it, because you're going to be wearing it often," I teased her.
"Gosh it feels funny, and moves with every step I take," she moaned as she walked back and forth across the room.
What she didn't know, was that the plug would vibrate if I turned it on with a remote I had hidden in the couch cushion. She kept pacing back and forth as I sat down and drank my beer.
"I think I'm getting used to it, it's not so bad now. Still feels odd having it up my butt," she groaned as she walked back toward me. I reached under the cushion without her seeing and pushed the on button.
Ava squealed loudly and went up on her toes, "OH gawd," she moaned, her hands going to her butt.
I chuckled loudly and turned it off. "That was a low setting I can make it go a lot higher."
"No Sir,...I mean Yes Sir.....I mean don't go higher," she gasped.
About that time my phone chimed, letting me know someone was at the door. I looked on the app and the pizza had just been dropped off.
"The pizza is at the door, go and get it now," I chuckled, holding the remote up for her to see, "or I will turn it up on high."
She took off for the door and I waited until I heard her close the door and she was coming back, when I turned the plug back on at the low setting. "Ohhhhh....nnnooo."
I heard her squeal and I laughed out loud.
I turned it off and she came back in the den, her face flushed and she was biting her lower lip. "Please...Sir...I'm so hungry...don't do that again."
"I'll leave it off for now, but remove that nightshirt, I want to see those big tits while we are eating," I grinned.
She reached down and grabbed the hem of the nightshirt and pulled it up her body. I could see her pussy lips were moist, making me reach and tug on my pecker. The shirt cleared her tits as she pulled upward, and they bounced and jiggled in all their glory. I had to take my hand away from my groin or I was going to cum right there on the spot. Her voluptuous figure made my mouth water and a moan escaped my lips.
"Go and get us a drink and some napkins and be quick about it, or I'll turn it on high and leave it there while we eat," I smiled watching her squirm and rush toward the kitchen.
The sight of her rushing off, her big tits swaying, her pink ass from the spanking jiggled with each step. Once in a while as she moved to the kitchen the red plug was on display. The sight of returning was even better, those big knockers looked like ski slopes, her large nipples hard pointed slightly upward wanting to be sucked.
She bent to set the drinks and napkins on the coffee table, her tits sway hanging down right in front of me. I reached out with both hands and tugged on her nipples.
She moans, shuts her eyes as she sinks to her knees. "Oh..oh.."
I giggle and release her nipples, "Good Girl let's see if you can control yourself while we eat, no bratty comments or calling me an asshole like you have several times today."
"Yes Sir, I...promise." she replies. I notice she's kneeling trying to keep her ass from coming in contact with the floor. I get a slice of pizza and place it on a napkin and give it to her.
"Eat your going to need the energy for later when I take that plug out and shove my cock up your sweet ass," I growl, my voice is low like a groan.
Hers eye widen as she took a bite of pizza, and glanced at my tented trunks. It's clear that my cock is bigger than the plug tormenting her ass right now. Is she having second thoughts I wonder. I chuckled to myself as I took a bite of pizza, I knew my cock was going in one if not two of her holes before the night was over.
I stopped tormenting her while we ate. She still amazed me about the amount of food she could consume. She ate 3 large slices while I was full after just one slice. Maybe because I couldn't concentrate on eating, with her curvy sexy body on full display in front of me.
She took a drink after finishing the third slice, and I reached over and closed the lid on the pizza box, which was still half full. A sly smile was on her face, she new time was up and the little vixen was eyeing my tented trunks.
"I think you have enough meat in your belly, now it's time you have a large load of man meat up your bum hole," I growled at her, my voice low and guttural.
"Yes Sir," she mumbled and started to stand up, I guess figuring I was taking her upstairs to bed. I decided I was taking her ass right here. We had already had sex in the den and kitchen, and she was giving up her virgin ass right here. That way every time she sat down on the couch she would remember getting butt fucked.
"Don't stand Ava, just get on your hands and knees and crawl over here and lay your head on the couch cushion," I ordered.
On all fours she crawled over next to me, her tits swaying as she moved slowly. Using her pony tail I guided her to the cushion next to me where I wanted her. "Stay right there and don't move," and I got up and moved the coffee table back for more room.
Her head was on the cushion and her tits were hanging down, her ass still pink. She moaned as I ran my hand down her spine, and when I reached her ass I applied some pressure on the end of the plug. She groaned and let out a little gasp.
"Reach back with both hands and spread your cheeks, I want to get a good picture of the red plug sticking out of that luscious ass." She hesitated long enough I gave a swat to her ass right on top of the plug making her squeal, and she quickly reached back and spread her cheeks.
"Good Girl, oh what a beautiful picture, I can see it now hanging on my office wall, maybe a 16x20 size, in a red frame to match your red ass," I chuckled.
"You....wouldn't..." she mumbled.
"Hush, or I'll spank your ass so hard you won't be able to sit for a week," I growled. "It's my office and this is my ass, and if I want to frame it and put it up above my desk I'll do it."
"Ye..yes Sir,....sorry Sir," she groaned, as I struck her ass one time.
"That's better," I murmured and ran my finger down through her folds. She was already dripping wet. I kissed each ass cheek as I slid a finger in her pussy, making her moan. Stroking her g-spot, she was slick and tight from the plug up her ass.
She was wigging around and moaning as my digit stroked her g-spot. I felt her clench down on my finger and knew she was about to cum, so I pulled my finger out.
She groaned loudly missing having my finger inside her slick tunnel.
"Not yet you little slut, the next time you cum it will be with my cock up your tight ass," I growled at her.
Lowering my head I licked her pussy lips then flicked her clit with my tongue. "Oh..oh please....." and let go of her ass cheeks, her hands gripping the couch cushion.
"SMACK" I hit her butt right on top of the plug. She squealed loudly but automatically reached back and spread her cheeks without me having to tell her.
"Don't you dare let go of your ass unless I tell you you dirty slut."
"Yes Sir...sorry." she groaned.
Positioning myself behind her I kicked off my trunks and lined my cock up with her dripping slit and rubbed the head of my cock in her juices. She tried to wiggle and get the head of my cock in her needy cunt.
"I'm going to stick my dick in your pussy and you better not cum! You're only free to cum when my cock's in your ass. Do you understand?"
"Ye..yes Sir," she moaned softly.
The words hardly left her lips, when I ram my cock fully into her pussy. Damn it was tight with the plug in her ass. She was sopping wet and it was lubing up my cock for what I had in mind.
"OH GAWD,,,,,"she shouted, "oh fuck...it's sooo tight."
While she was gasping for air, I pulled the plug out of her ass quickly, making her gasp and moan loudly. She no sooner caught her breath, when I pulled my cock out of her slick wet cunt and placed the head of my cock on her asshole, that was still slightly gaping from the plug. When I pushed into her tight ass a couple inches. she squealed like a stuck pig, letting go of her ass cheeks. Her hands gripped the couch cushions.
"OH FUCK. FUCK," she screamed loudly.
"Sh..sh...breath, I'm inside your ass now and I'm going to slowly push into you giving you time to adjust," I purred and stroked her back.
"Gawd...it..hurts....so fucking...big," she groaned.
"Relax and breath," I ordered her, and reached around and started rubbing her clit. It was slick from all her juices and engorged.
She started relaxing and softly moaning, and I slowly pushed forward into her dark tunnel. Fuck her ass was tight, but felt fantastic. I continued pushing into her slowly.
When I saw I was almost all the inside I went ahead and pushed the last 2 inches into her ass. She raised her head and groaned loudly when I bottomed out.
"Ava your ass feels incredible, just relax for a moment. I'm not going to move until you adjust to me," leaning over her, my mouth near her ear.
"Oh...I feel....so full...," she purred, her hands gripping the cushion.
Still stroking her clit I used my other hand to tug on her right nipple. She started moaning softly and I could feel her relax around me. I pulled back a couple inches, then pushed slowly forward. She moaned again, so I pulled back about 4 inches and pushed forward. Doing this several times, I built up a steady rhythm, in and out, in and out.
She was moaning now almost humming, "hmmm...hmmmm" as I picked up the pace and moved faster. Tugging on her nipple, flicking her clit I started pulling almost all the way out of her dark tunnel and fucking her ass faster.
"Oh...Oh...fuck.....yes...oh my gawd....." she moaned and started meeting my thrust. Soon I was pounding her hard, my groin slapping against the cheeks of her ass every time I bottomed out. "Slap, slap, slap slap," sounds echoing as she moaned and groaned louder.
Letting go of her clit and tit, I grabbed hold of her hips and started jack hammering into her tight ass. As I bottomed out the cheeks of her ass jiggled and rippled like waves on a lake.
"Fuck Ava......fuck your ass is amazing..." I grunted as I pounded into her.
She was pushing back against me, using the leverage of her hands on the couch to push back towards my thrust. We were in a perfect rhythm now, both of us grunting, moaning, and breathing hard. Those sounds along with our bodies slapping against each other, were like music to my ears.
"OH FUCK.....LEE...LEE....I'm CCCCCUUUUUMMMMIINNGGGG," she screamed at the top of her lungs. "Fuck...yes....oh fuck...ooohhhh, cccuummmiinnngggg again," she groaned.
"AAARRRGGGG FUCK...AVA.....fuck," I bellowed and stiffen, buried deep inside her ass. My balls drew up and I felt my cock throb and spewed 4,5, 6 loads of cum deep in her bowels.
Collapsing on top of her, we were both panting and groaning. Her head turned to the side on the cushion I kissed her neck, "Ava that was incredible.....I've wanted to do that ever since I walked in the door at Deer Creek and spank your sweet ass," I moaned, my breath raspy.
"I'm...so glad....Lee....you were the one.....I can't believe....how good it was," she moaned softly.
"Just lay there, I'll get some towels and clean you up," I said as I kissed her neck again.
"I couldn't move...if I wanted too," she giggled softly.
Getting a couple of hand towels out of the laundry room next to the kitchen, I used one to wet in hot water. When I got back to the den Ava had not moved. Her hands were on the cushion beside her head, her eyes closed with a smile on her face.
Crouching behind her I gently washed her butt and cleaned her up. She just laid there and would moan softly, as I cleaned her up and dried her off. Taking the towels back to the laundry room, I cleaned myself off, and threw the dirty towels in the washer.
Returning to Ava, I wanted to talk to her and make sure she was okay, but she had drifted off to sleep. I chuckled and scooped her up in my arms, she barely woke, she just snuggled up against me and moaned. Reaching her new bedroom I just laid her on top of the duvet and found a sheet to cover her.
I left the bathroom light on with the door open to provide enough light if she woke up. Placing a bottle of water on the nightstand, I leaned over and kissed her forehead, she moaned and mumbled something I couldn't understand, but she had a smile on her face. Figuring she was fine I stepped out of her room and softly closed her door.
The next morning I was up before the crack of dawn. Since I showered before going to bed, after putting Ava to bed, I slipped on a pair of boxers and gym shorts and headed downstairs. Reaching the second floor I smiled remembering the night before, and figured I needed to check on her.
Quietly opening her door, I eased inside her room. She was still sleeping, as I glanced around her room. Suitcase, and a few boxes set around the floor where she had not yet unpacked everything. Then I noticed the Gateway Arch souvenir I bought her setting on the dresser. Smiling I walked over and picked it up.
So much had happened since then, she had wormed her way into my heart and I didn't want her to ever leave. Setting it back down on the dresser, I frowned, remembering what Richard said to me. Oh well, I told myself, Ava and I would work something out.
Walking over to the curtains covering the windows and sliding glass doors to the balcony, I opened them so she would have a perfect view of the beach and water when she did wake up. Leaving her room to go downstairs I closed her door.
AVA
Waking up I squinted my eyes, I was looking out at the beach and water. I jerked up remembering where I was and actually giggled out loud. As I sat up on the bed I groaned. My bottom was sore, but not bad. I grinned as I stood and walked over to the sliding door and stretched. Wow I thought what a beautiful view to wake up to.
Still naked I walked around the room running my hands over the furniture and admiring the room. I still had things to unpack, but I had put my hang up clothes in the walk-in closet, and bras and panties in the dresser drawers.
Grabbing what I needed I walked to the bathroom and showered. While showering I thought about how much things had changed between me and Lee, since he came to Deer Creek to get me. As I lathered up my body I thought about not just about last night but all the things we had done. The kitchen, the den, him shaving my pussy in my old room. The best thing was last night. Lee took my virgin ass.
I chuckled out loud thinking about the cum he had dumped in me. It was a good thing Mom had reminded him about my birth control pills when he called to give them a report on me. They magically appeared on my dresser one morning. It would be a while before I needed more, but I couldn't afford to slip up and not take them.
That thought made me sad. I was smart enough to know it was not a good idea for a brother and sister to create babies, meaning Lee and I could never have kids together. Meaning we couldn't create a family together! Hell there were laws against it, plus Mom and Dad would freak out.
The water turned cold I had spent so much time day dreaming, I finally turned the water off and dried off. I was sad now, where when I woke up I was happier than I had ever been. Oh well, I decided I was going to make the best of the situation and enjoy whatever time I had with Lee. The sex was outstanding and I was certainly not ready to give that up. The question is, what are Lee's expectations?
Taking Lee for his word, we were not doing 24/7 role-play, I put on a nice pair of bra and panties and a sundress with 3" heels and headed downstairs. My head was spinning with questions, but I was happy, and until the bubble burst I was going to enjoy what we had going.
LEE
The sun was coming up as I sat on the back patio drinking my coffee. I was flipping through my laptop to check messages and emailing customers. I always like to speak to a customer every 3 months, even if they are not having any problems. It let them know I was on top of things, thank them for their business, and sometimes get leads to new customers.
The emails were to alert them when I would be calling, and to let me know if we needed to schedule it for another time. I think they appreciated I didn't want to call at an inconvenient time. Customer service was extremely important in my line of work, and the calls allowed me to find out in advance if any changes were happening with their business I needed to be aware of.
I was just finishing up sending out emails, when Ava walked outside. She was wearing a sexy, but conservative red and white sundress. A slight hint of cleavage, but there was no hiding the fact she had an awesome set of boobs under that dress.
It came down to mid-thigh, as my eyes roamed over her body to her beautiful toned legs to her 3" red heels.
"Good morning," I smiled, as I laid my laptop down. "Did you just get up?"
"I've been up a little while," she grinned, "I was enjoying the view from my room," she giggled. "Thanks again for letting me move in there. When I woke up the first thing I saw was the beach and water, I guess you're the one that opened the curtains," she smiled demurely.
"Yeah, I checked on you this morning and you were sleeping peacefully, so I just opened the curtains so you would have a nice view when you did wake up."
"That was sweet of you," she said in a teasing voice.
"Let me get dressed and we'll go out for breakfast, I have a few things to do and you can come with me," I told her as I got up and hugged her.
"That sounds good, anything in particular, do I need to change clothes or is what I'm wearing okay?" She teased and turned slowly around so I could admire her outfit, after I released her from the hug.
"You look perfect," I winked, "grab some coffee while I change it won't be long."
After dressing I took Ava to a nearby restaurant and had a breakfast buffet, the best in the area. I chuckled watching her load up her plate. How she ate the way she did and not seem to put on weight amazed me. If I ate like that I would blow up like a balloon.
As she took her last bite, she looked up at me and smiled, "Don't say it," she giggled, "I was starving," as she wiped her mouth with a napkin.
I leaned close across the table between us, where no one could hear, "I was just thinking of ways to help you burn off those extra calories you just consumed," I smirked at her.
Her face flushed, she responded coyly, "I hope it's a fun activity."
'Oh I can think of a few things we would both enjoy," I growled, "but it will have to wait..(pause)...until I run some errands."
"Then let's go get those errands run instead of just sitting here," she teased back.
As I pulled into a Nissan dealership she squealed, "Oh your getting a new car."
"Yeah I've been talking to the manager and we finally came to an agreement depending on if he gives me what I think my vehicle is worth."
"Wow they have some beautiful vehicles, but that red car over there," she pointed out is not a Nissan is it?"
Looking in that direction, at the far end of the lot was a red Mustang convertible. Since she was interested in it I drove down to that end of the lot and parked. "Have a look if you like it's a 2020 Mustang GT. Someone must have traded it in." The price sticker said $34,999.
As we got out she ran over to it and was looking it over. At the same time the manager came out and walked over. His hand out he said, "You must be Lee Gardner if I had to guess," he chuckled, pointing to my vehicle I had just stepped out of, "from the pictures you sent me I'd say your vehicle on the outside looks almost new."
Always the salesman, he looked over to Ava, his eyes roaming over her figure. Hell I couldn't blame him. Taking his hand and shaking it, "Yes sir, it's a pleasure to speak to you in person Mr. Beckerman."
"Call me Randy please," he said releasing my hand. Looking back over at Ava walking around the Mustang, he said, "Is the wife interested in the Mustang, I have a great price on it," he beamed a bright smile.
I wish I thought to myself, "No that's my sister, but I might be interested in buying for her, if we can get right on price," I said in a voice low enough Ava couldn't hear. Hell she was going to need some transportation.
I pulled him aside, "That's between you and me right now. I don't want to get her hopes up. Can I take it for a drive?"
"Sure have at it, let me go get the keys, and while you're gone I'll have one of the guys pull your car in so we can give it a good going over and finalize our deal on the 2023 Armada."
Ava was still looking at the Mustang as he walked off, and I went over beside her. "It's a sharp looking car," I casually commented.
"It's beautiful, I love the tan interior and top," she stated as she ran her hand over the surface of the headrest on the passenger side.
Randy came back out with another man and took my keys and handed me keys to the Mustang. "Here take it for a drive while we check out your car," he grinned, hoping he was going to make an extra sale.
I smiled at Ava, "Climb in and let's take her for a spin while they check out my vehicle, no sense in us standing around waiting while they do that."
She giggled loudly and jumped in the passenger seat and buckled up, "Oh this will be fun."
The car did run good and was loaded out, and the previous owners had taken care of it. It had 33,455 miles on the odometer. Ava had worn her hair down instead of a pony tail. With the top down, her hair was flying around her head. She never looked more gorgeous and sexy.
We rode around for about 30 minutes, then I pulled over and parked in a lot for people to park visiting the beach. I told Ava, to get out and drive us back. Her face lit up and she squealed and ran around and got behind the wheel.
Oh my gawd," she laughed, "I've always wanted to drive a convertible."
Her hair was a mess, and the smile on her face was like a kid Christmas morning. I knew right then I had to buy it.
When we got back to the dealership she parked it where it had been before. "Thanks Lee, that was so much fun," as she reluctantly handed me the keys.
Randy came out beaming and was looking at Ava as she got out and was trying to straighten her messed up hair. "She's quite the package," he said.
Was he talking about the car or Ava, I chuckled to myself. "Well what did you decide about my vehicle?" I asked him.
"Let's go inside where it's cooler," he motioned toward the door, "and get you folks something cold to drink."
Ava spoke up, "You mind if I look at the vehicle you're buying while you finish your business?" As she pushed a loose strand of hair behind her ear.
"Sure," Randy grinned, "it's the Aspen White Armada with a tan leather interior parked over there," he pointed out. "I'll have one of the sales people bring the keys out and show it to you."
I hated the idea of Ava being stuck with some horny salesman as Randy and I entering the dealership. I relaxed when a beautiful 30 something woman came over and Randy introduced me, "Lee Gardner, this is my daughter Elizabeth, Elizabeth this Lee. If you would sweetheart take the keys to the Armada out to his sister and let her check it out."
"Sure Daddy," she smiled, then stuck her hand out, "It's a pleasuring meeting you Mr. Gardner."
"Lee, please, and it's nice meeting you," giving her my best smile.
Randy and I haggled over money for a while, but we finally reached an agreement. Both of us thought we got the better deal, which was always a good thing.
He sent a salesman out to get his daughter and Ava. When they came into the office they were laughing like old friends. Elizabeth was pretty, but not as pretty as Ava.
"Ava do you have your driver's license handy?" I asked her.
"Yeah, why do you need my license?" She asked, a puzzled look on her face as she pulled her license out of her purse.
"Well you need to sit down, and show Randy identification if you're buying a car?"
"What?'' a stunned look on her face.
"Well I can't drive you everywhere." Then I turned back to Randy, "Her Iowa license won't be a problem will it, she'll be getting an Alabama license soon and just use her new address the same as mine."
"No problem at all," smiled Randy. "Now little lady sit down here and lets get the paperwork done. It looks like your driving that little Mustang home."
Ava was standing there with her mouth open unable to speak. Finally she gasped and said, "Lee you can't do that...I'll get a car when I can afford it. You have already done enough for me."
"I've already paid the man, so...I guess you're going to have to drive it home, we can discuss repayment plans later," I was grinning so hard my lips hurt, watching her all frustrated.
Elizabeth giggled, "Girl don't look a gift horse in the mouth sit down and sign the papers, you're going to love that car."
Her hand was shaking as she had to sign multiple forms. When finished Randy handed her the keys. I don't think I've seen anyone smile like she did at that moment. Well maybe except when I gave her an orgasm.
As soon as she got the keys and stood up, she turned and hugged me so tight I think she bruised my ribs. Randy and Elizabeth both were chuckling.
She was wiping tears from her eyes as we stepped outside. I put my arm around her shoulder, "When you make your first million dollars you can repay me," I chuckled.
"Oh Lee this is too much," she wiped another tear as she looked up at me.
"Hey I can afford it, just dry those eyes so you can see to drive," I chuckled and hugged her to me, "so you don't wreck it before we get home."
When we got home I hit the garage door opener and pulled into my 3 car garage, and motioned for Ava to pull into the empty slot next to the trailer with the 2 Jet Ski's.
Her hair was a mess again from the wind blowing through her hair, but it wasn't bothering her. She stayed seated in the car after turning off the ignition, and looked around the interior.
"If you look in the glove box you'll find the owners manual and a quick guide to show you how all the tech gadgets work," I chuckled. "You can even sync your phone to the car for hands free use."
Grabbing the manuals out of the glove box she exited the car, "Lee I can't believe you did this, it's really too much," she mumbled.
My phone rang, and I pulled it out of my pocket. It was Lisa calling. Holding my finger up to Ava to hush her, "Hello Lisa, it's good to hear from you, are you calling for me to come save you from that horrible man that kidnapped you," I chuckled.
"I have him handled for now," she laughed, "but it would be nice if you came for dinner Friday night and brought your sister. That way you would have someone to help you keep him off me," she giggled.
"Sounds wonderful, what time?"
"Come around 6 o'clock, and bring your bathing suits, it's casual, nothing fancy. We will cookout by the pool."
"Great we will see you then, thanks for the invite." Hanging up the phone Ava had a funny look on her face.
"What?" I asked. "That was Lisa, Richard's wife inviting us for dinner Friday night. It's casual, bring bathing suits, cookout, it'll be great."
"Oh...I never heard you mention her name before except...... Nothing, it sounds like fun, I'm anxious to meet Richard...and her."
I follow her into the house through the laundry room into the kitchen. Puzzled by what she meant by 'except' comment.
I finally had to ask her about it. When I did she blushed, and said I mention it one time only, it wasn't important.
"Ava, I expect you to explain. When did I mention Lisa, not that there is anything to hide. She's my best friend's wife, but you're acting funny about it."
"Okay," she laid her purse on the center island and sat down on one of the bar stools.
"Remember the night.....you know you got drunk.....and we....we ended up on the couch?" her face was red.
Running my hand through my hair, thinking back. I remembered that night, it's the night we nearly had sex and I came to my senses and stopped. The night Sandy called and I got shit face.
"Yeah, I remember the night you're talking about," I calmly replied leaning against the kitchen counter facing her. "But not about mentioning Lisa."
"Well you were drunk and mumbling, sounding heart broken. I know you were talking to Sandy at first that evening. Later I came in here to tell you goodnight and you were speaking where I could barely hear you...but you said Lisa...and it sounded like you said sister right after that. I thought maybe Lisa was Sandy's sister. I was just surprised it was Richard's wife instead. No big deal."
"Oh..I think I understand now. Sorry for the mix up, Sandy doesn't have a sister, don't know why I would have mentioned Lisa by name. Drunk and confused I suppose."
"See I told you no big deal," she smiled, but it seemed forced. "You said bathing suits for Friday night? She asked, seeming concerned about it.
"Yeah is that a problem?" I chuckled.
"Lee I don't know them and the bathing suits I have don't seem appropriate!"
I winked and smiled at her, "I kind of like your bathing suits."
"Lee! I'm being serious I don't know them. I'd be more comfortable in a one piece bathing suit," she pouted.
"Okay," I laughed holding my hands up like I was surrendering. "We'll go now grab lunch and find you a suit that you're comfortable wearing."
We left and went to a shop near the beach that sold everything from bathing suits to cover-ups, beach toys, ice chest, folding beach chairs, and beach umbrellas. If you might need it on the beach they had it. It was a huge store across the street from one of the major beaches in the area.
Finding the women's bathing suits she went from rack to rack looking through them. I enjoyed the scenery, a lot of the women, and young ladies were certainly easy on the eyes. She caught me looking and elbowed me, "Can't you at least help me look instead of ogling all the ladies," she pouted.
"Yes ma'am," I grinned and turned and helped her look. "Here is a one piece that's nice," I held it out to her.
"Oh my gawd Lee, that has less material than my bikini's. My boobs and butt would damn near be completely exposed!"
I chuckled, "I like you completely exposed."
Her face flushed when a woman on the opposite side of the rack giggled and glanced over at us. If looks could kill I would have been dead right there.
Thirty minutes later she found two to try on. I waited by the closed off area, which was separated by just a curtain, while she tried them on. I heard her mumble "hell no," then the sound of her taking it off and putting the other on. I waited and didn't hear anything. Finally she stepped out. "Is this okay?" she asked in a hesitant voice as she turned for me to see all sides.
Before I could say anything a middle aged woman said, "Wow that looks gorgeous on you," speaking to Ava. The woman was hottie herself. "Where did you find that one?" She asked Ava.
Ava smiled at the compliment, "Over there on that rack below the hanging Swordfish," she pointed, and the woman took off headed there.
The woman was right. It was a red one piece like some of the girls wore on Baywatch. It did cover her boobs completely, even the cheeks of her butt. It was like it was molded to her curvy figure. Wow indeed I thought.
"Well don't stand there, say something," she stated.
"I'm like that woman.....Wow" I murmured, my pants getting tight.
"Well, I guess it'll do, if I can find a cover up to wear," she mumbled.
"Why in the hell would you want a cover up. Your covered completely?"
She stomped off to a rack of cover ups and found a light weight white cover up that had a small collar, button up the front, 3/4 sleeves, and hung down to about mid-thigh. Plus had two side pockets. Hell she rocked that look like a movie star, and looked sexy as hell wearing it.
Checking out I paid for everything, the suit was $175 and the cover up another $55 dollars. As soon as we walked outside, she spoke up. "I can't pay you back for the car right now, but I have some money hidden at home and I can pay you $230 for what you just spent," she mumbled.
I stopped in my tracks, she walked a couple of steps and stopped and turned back to look at me. "Ava, if I hear one more word about paying me back, I'm going to turn you over my knee and spank your ass hard. I'm tempted to do it right here in front of all these people," gesturing to all the people around us.
Her face flushed that red glow I loved seeing. She reached and tugged on my hand, "Your embarrassing me," she whispered, her face still flushed, but went on and said, "okay I won't bring it up again."
As we got in the car, she buckled up, then looked at me, "You wouldn't really spank me in front of all those people.....would you?"
"Try me Ava," I smirked, "and you'll find out."
We drove for about 10 minutes and she was quiet. Then she murmured, "Thanks for the car, bathing suit and cover up. I appreciate it."
I chuckled loudly, she blushed and said what's so funny?'
"I can't wait for Richard to see you in that new red one piece bathing, you're going to knock his socks off," I chuckled again and smiled at her.
"Now you're making me embarrassed to wear it," she pouted. "It's your friends and I'd like to make a good impression on them."
"Oh believe me you'll make an impression," I laughed. She backhanded my right arm with her left hand, then sat back in her seat and crossed her arms just below her breasts and was quiet.
I figured I had teased her enough, so I got serious. "Hey, all kidding aside, what would you like to do about eating, we had a big breakfast, but it's mid afternoon. We can go eat now, or just get a light snack and eat dinner later. That's up to you."
"I am kind of hungry," she mumbled.
"When are you not hungry," I chuckled.
"See, there you go again," she pouted," and hit my right arm again.
"OH!" I faked it as if it hurt, then grinned at her. "You really are a brat," I chuckled.
She giggled, "Ugh you drive me crazy sometimes."
"What kind of food do you want? Seriously," I asked her.
"I have not had much seafood, I wouldn't mind having that," she smiled.
"Seafood it is," I chuckled, and turned around and drove to Doc's Seafood, a place on the beach.
I ordered flounder and got Ava a large seafood platter where she had a variety of things. Hers had lobster, oysters, a crab, clams, sauces and lemon wedges. When they set the large platter in front of her, her eyes bugged out.
She said, "What's that thing?" Pointing at the crab. I told her and reached over and got her to take a bite. She loved it. The only thing she wasn't crazy about was the raw oysters, but she did eat one. I got tickled when she swallowed one and made a face.
"No thank you, you can have the rest of them," she giggled. She ate everything else on her platter, and I even gave several bites of my flounder. She really enjoyed that.
It was still early when we finished eating, so I drove us to the Wharf. We roamed around, then rode the Ferris wheel. One of the tallest in the southeast. You have a wonderful view all the way to the ocean. Ava was like a small child at Disneyland.
When we got home, believe it or not we just relaxed and talked. No sex. We really just enjoyed each other's company. Ava was laughing, giggling and talking about the Wharf, the seafood meal. It was just nice being a brother and sister.
"Thanks Lee, it's been an amazing day," she smiled and hugged me. "I think I'll go finish unpacking my things."
"Good night Ava," I hugged her back.
She started out of the den and turned and looked at me and smiled, "You're a good man Lee," then turned quickly and fled up stairs.
I smiled as I heard her footsteps going up the stairs. Ava was right it had been a good day. I knew Ava and I would always have a close connection, regardless of what the future held.
Upstairs before heading to bed, I decided to send a short email to Sandy.
Email to Sandy:
Sandy,
Just wanted you to know I got your email. Proud of you. I'll call you Sunday.
You've been a naughty girl and will have to be punished when I see you.
Your Friend Forever,
Lee
Clicking on send I chuckled. That will give her something to think about before I call.
The next day Friday we rode around the area in Ava's Mustang. This time she wore her hair in a pony tail to keep her hair out of her face. We visited Gulf State Park pier, which is 2,448 feet long, where many people were fishing along the rails. We even stopped and played miniature golf after getting a hot dog for lunch. It was just a fun day. Plus I would pick a spot and plug in the address so she could get used to the navigation system on the car. By the end of the afternoon she had conquered learning about all the cars features.
At home we both showered and got ready to head over to Richard and Lisa's house.
I finally convinced her to go in her new bathing suit and cover up, and take a small bag with a change of clothes. I wore my swim trunks and a button up beach shirt, and took a small bag with jeans and a t-shirt to change into later.
Lisa met us at the door wearing a bikini bathing suit. It covered the necessary parts but was skimpy. Being 5'8" and even wearing flip-flops she was almost as tall as me.
Ava's mouth opened and shut several times when Lisa opened the door to welcome us.
Lisa hugged me and kissed my cheek, "Wow I'm so glad you've all come! And this must be Ava I've heard so much about. Welcome Ava I am so glad to finally meet you," and threw her arms around Ava and hugged her.
Ava finally got her bearings and replied, "Thanks for having me over, you have a beautiful home."
Bossy Lisa took over, "Lee don't just stand there, take those bags to the guest room down the hall there, and join us at the pool," she ordered and grabbed Ava's hand. "Come on Ava I want you to meet Richard he's outside," and they disappeared from my sight. I chuckled as I took our bags to the guest room, but damn I would have loved to have seen Richards face when he met Ava. Oh well, I'll see his face when she takes that cover up off.
Wrong. As I went outside to the pool Lisa had already gotten Ava to take off her cover up. Richard had not fired up the grill yet. He had steaks marinating and was just huddled with Ava and Lisa. I couldn't make out what they were saying until I got closer and heard my name mentioned.
"Don't believe a word he says Ava, he's a lawyer," I chuckled as I walked up. "I heard my name mentioned, which means I'll probably get a bill for my name crossing his lips."
Richard grinned at Ava, "If you want to know all the juicy gossip on your brother, I have loads of stories I can tell you," he laughed.
Ava smiled and giggled, "I'd love to hear some stories about my brother," as she looked over at me.
"We don't have time that nonsense, I need to talk to Richard," I chuckled and drag Richard over toward where he kept the beer.
"Come on Ava, let's grab a glass of wine," Lisa laughed. "Oh, I'm sorry....I didn't ask, do you drink?"
I spoke up and saved Ava from having to explain she was underage. "I didn't corrupt her, just for the record, but yes she can have some wine." Lisa got my drift and off they went to one of the tables set up around the pool. I say one of the tables, they had several. They could easily entertain 20 or more people out here. Richard and Lisa had money, lots of it.
As soon as they walked off Richard handed me a beer. "Wow, your sister's beautiful and you say she has brains too," he chuckled.
"Smarter than me, hell without hardly studying she scored a 1480 on a practice SAT test," I proudly told him. "That's why I wanted your Dad to help me get her accepted in a major university or somewhere. Her grades went to hell her senior year, and she made like a 500 on the SAT that's on her record."
"Well I'm sure Dad will help, he just wants to meet her and interview her. You understand that I'm sure," he said as he took a drink of beer and patted me on the back.
"No problem I've already explained to Ava and she agrees," I replied as he and I walked over to a table close to the grill where he had steaks marinating and we sat down.
"Now that's out of the way, let's forget," waving his arm around, "all the bullshit going out there in this crazy fucking world and enjoy ourselves," he chuckled.
Richard's pool was huge, he had a low diving board and a high diving board. Richard and I were not worth a shit at diving, but Lisa was real good. We looked over and Ava and Lisa were by the low dive giggling like best friends already. Lisa got on the low dive and did a perfect dive into the pool, then I was surprised Ava looked over and grinned and got on the board.
Lisa was treading water and shouted, "Come on girl, show me what you got," and giggled. Ava paused for a minute then ran forward, and jumped up in the air and came down on the board, flew up in the air turning a flip and entering the water perfectly. Lisa was clapping and shouting when Ava surfaced.
"Damn," said Richard, "you didn't tell me she was athletic and could dive."
"Hell I didn't know," I chuckled, "she surprises me every day."
We went over and joined the girls as they got out of the pool. Lisa had a glass of red wine poured for each of them. They were both laughing and talking when Richard and I sat down.
"Ava you never told me you could dive like that? Where did you learn?" I asked her. Mom or Dad had never mentioned her being part of a swim or dive team in high school.
She just shook her head and mumbled, "Freshman year I hung out at the YMCA pool and one of the Life Guards there was on the college dive team and she taught me," she said it like it was nothing.
"Ava you must have practiced and still be practicing to be that good," I chuckled.
"Lee it was just a simple flip off the low dive, no big deal," she shrugged her shoulders and took a drink of wine.
"Well I think it was great," said Lisa speaking to Ava. Turning to me, "We were talking earlier and I explained I like to dive, that's why we have the two diving boards. Ava mentioned she used to dive years ago and I asked her to go for it and show me. I'm glad she did, now maybe I have someone around here to dive with, Richard sure can't," she giggled.
"I have you know I do a tremendous cannon-ball off the high dive," he laughed and chugged his beer.
Ava giggled, "I would love to see that."
"Yeah, that's an excellent idea, you and Lee can do a cannon-ball for us. Her and I dived, so y'all get your butts up there and show us what you got," Lisa teased.
"Leave me out of this," I chuckled.
"What's the matter, chicken," Ava smirked and giggled.
"Come on Lee," Richard sighed heavily, "we will never hear the end of it if we don't."
Richard went first and did a perfect cannon-ball. It sounded like a cannon going off and water sprayed upward several feet. Mine didn't go so well, I got off balance and hit water too much on my back. When I came up, I groaned loudly 'Oh shit!"
Richard, Lisa and Ava were laughing their asses off, as I climbed out of the water. At least Ava, after she stopped laughing and wiping tears out of her eyes from laughing so hard said, "Are you okay?" Handing me a towel to dry off.
I groaned as I took the towel from her and spoke so only she could hear me, "This is your fault and your ass will pay when I get you home." Ava's face flushed then she grinned and walked back to her seat with a little more sway to her hips. I couldn't keep from staring, the new suit covered her butt fully, but the way it molded and shaped her ass I groaned, and not from my back hurting.
I must have stared too long, because as I started drying off I saw Lisa smiling at me and winking. Richard probably told her I had already had sex with Ava, they didn't keep secrets from each other. Plus she had told me bluntly that one time to go ahead and fuck her. So I just grinned and took my seat.
Richard got us another beer then said, "You three relax and I'm going to go ahead and start the steaks."
The three of us chatted and Lisa said she was busy this weekend, but wanted to invite Ava for a girls day out shopping one day next week. Ava cut her eyes at me smiling, and I nodded to let her know that was fine with me. We talked for about 20 minutes, me mostly listening to Lisa and Ava. It was amazing how they seemed to bond with one another so easily. Finally I went over and joined Richard and offered my help.
"Thanks but I have it, you can grab us another beer," he said.
I grabbed him another beer and handed it to him, "Here you go, I'm not having anymore, except maybe one more glass of wine with our meal, since I'm driving."
He chuckled, "Afraid I won't come bail you out if you get stopped."
"Richard it was one time, you make me sound like an alcoholic," grinning as I gave him the finger.
He laughed, "Yeah but it was so much fun seeing the look on your face when I got to the jail and you were in a holding cell."
"You never did tell me how you got me out of that, I never had to go to court," I chuckled.
"Well after your one phone call at 2:15 a.m. waking my ass up, I talked to the officer when I got there. He owed me a favor, and.....he kind of intentionally screwed up the paperwork," he laughed. "I didn't even have to post bail money," he giggled.
"Well thanks, I didn't need that on my record, and I learned my lesson. It will never happen again."
"Good, glad to hear you say that buddy," and slapped me on my back.
"I'll do you a favor and leave after we eat," I grinned, "I've seen you and Lisa giving each other the 'lets fuck' look all evening," I chuckled.
"A favor for me, my ass," he laughed, "I saw the way you look at Ava when you think no one is looking. Just remember what I told you," he said on a more serious note.
It wasn't long and Richard shouted to Lisa, "Honey set the table I'm about finished."
Lisa got up and Ava went to help. I watched them walk away, they were carrying on like they had known each other for a long time. That made me happy, because Richard and Lisa were my best friends and I was glad they were making Ava feel welcome.
After the meal Ava and I went into the guest bedroom to change out of our bathing suits. She had not been in the guest bedroom yet. She was already amazed at their home that she had seen, plus the patio, pool and the immaculate landscaped yard.
When we entered the guest bedroom she squealed, "My God if this is a guest bedroom, I wonder what the master bedroom looks like!"
I chuckled, "Yeah, Richard and Lisa are very well off, but after you get to know them you'll see they don't flaunt their money. Plus they treat everyone equally regardless of their income or social status. They're good people."
"Richard seems really nice," Ava said, "and I feel I could become close friends with Lisa. She's really fun and easy to talk to and made me feel right at home."
Ava grabbed her bag and stepped into the en suite bathroom and giggled, "A guest bedroom with its own bathroom, I'd love to see the rest of their home."
"I'm sure sometimes Lisa will give you a tour of the house, now stop gabbing and get changed we need to get home,"
AVA
As I stepped into the en suite bath and got out of my bathing suit, I thought about how much had happened in the past two days. Pulling up my panties I remember Lee saying my ass would pay when we got home, making me giggle. I was surprised we had gone this long since he fucked my ass, without having sex again.
Just being with him the past two days had been as good as sex, well maybe not that good, but it had been great. Not just buying me a car, just having fun and doing things.
The shopping trip to buy the bathing suit, going out and eating seafood. Then the amazing time at the Wharf and riding the Ferris wheel. I had so much to tell Mom and Dad next time I talked to them.
On top of that I felt I had made a friend with Lisa. When she opened the door to greet us I like to have died, here stood this gorgeous sexy woman in a bikini bathing suit and could have been a Victoria Secret Model. Bikini bathing suits were made for people like her.
Knock. Knock. "Are you going to take all day in there?'' Lee grouched.
I had been so caught up thinking about the past 2 days, I was still standing there in just my panties. "Just about finished," I shouted, and quickly finished dressing. Slipping on my bra, tank top and jean shorts, I slid my sneakers on and laced them up. When I stepped out of the bathroom Lee looked at me like he was going to pounce on me.
I bit my bottom lip and put my hand on his chest, "You know it's not my fault you did a lousy cannon-ball," I smiled up at him.
"Oh keep pushing your luck and see what that gets you," he chuckled. "Come on let's say goodnight to Richard and Lisa."
Richard and Lisa followed us outside to look at Lee's new vehicle. While Richard sat in the passenger seat talking with Lee, while showing him all the new features on the new 2023 Armada, Lisa and I talked. She reminded me she would call and set up a time for us to go shopping.
After Richard congratulated Lee on his car, he stepped out and helped me into the passenger seat like a gentleman. As we drove off I looked back and he and Lisa were heading back inside, he had his hand on her bikini bottom. I wondered if they would make it to the bedroom, or if he would do her right there inside the door.
I noticed all the looks they gave each other during our visit, it was obvious they loved each other deeply. Lisa even told me they were thinking of starting a family. I sighed heavily and turned around in my seat, thinking some day I would like to have a family myself.
LEE
On the way home I noticed Ava wipe a tear off her cheek, her face looking out her side window. She didn't want me to see her, but I did. Then she finally turned and faced forward and gave me a slight smile.
"You really have some special friends Lee. I'm glad I got to meet them." She paused for a moment then went on, "Lisa is absolutely beautiful and fun to be around. I'm looking forward to spending more time with her," Ava giggled, "she's like the sister I never had."
I was glad to see her smiling again and teased her, "Oh so now you're ready to trade your brother for a sister," acting like my feelings were hurt.
She slapped my arm, "I never said any such thing," she giggled, "I just never had a female friend I felt like I could talk to about anything."
I was glad Lisa and Ava hit it off together, the rest of the trip home Ava told me how much she enjoyed the things we had done the last couple of days. I decided we needed to do more things like that and started thinking of things we could do in the days ahead.
When we got in the house and she was walking in front of me, I scooped her up and threw her over my shoulder. She squealed, "Put me down!"
"Oh no, I told you that you would pay for that stunt at the pool," I chuckled as I started for the stairs. She squirmed and squealed again when I swatted her ass, "Settle down before you make me drop you," I chuckled, as I let her slip down further on my back on purpose. I had a good grip on her ass, she wasn't about to fall. She thought I was though and screamed, "I was only joking with you, put me down," as she clung to my hips.
I was going to go to her room, since I had never taken a female to my master bedroom before. I had taken Laura and other women to my office and playroom, but never my bed. That was reserved for whomever I wanted for a lifelong mate, wife.
Entering my bedroom I tossed Ava on the bed. She had seen my bedroom when I first brought her here, but only to get a glance at it and my office, plus see the beach and water. As she hit the bed and bounced she squealed and giggled, then quieted when she realized where she was.
I crawled on top of her, my knees straddling her hips and pinned her hands into the mattress. "I can't decide whether to turn you over and spank your ass red with my hand, or get a paddle and blister your sweet ass," I growled.
"Lee," her voice soft and musical, "just.....make love to me," she purred her eyes never leaving mine, as she licked her bottom lip.
Without speaking another word I crushed my mouth to hers and pushed my tongue into her mouth. We both moaned as our tongues danced together. The only light in the room was from the moon light and stars since the curtains were pulled back.
Letting go of her left hand I groped and squeezed her left breast through her top and bra. Her free hand came up my neck and into the back of my head running her fingers through my hair. The kiss went on and on, her body writhing beneath me.
Sitting up on my knees looking down at her, I shrugged my t-shirt off and threw it behind me, and helped her lift her tank top off and discard it. Running one hand under her I grabbed the nape of her neck and pulled up into another kiss as my other hand reached and unsnapped her bra and removed it.
Letting her settle back on the bed, I held myself up on my elbows and lowered my head to her breasts and suckled on her nipples, using my fingers to squeeze her fleshy globes. She moaned, "Oh yes..." as she gripped my head and moved me from one nipple to the other.
Keeping my hands on her breast I slipped lower planting kisses, nibbles and sucked on her tender flesh working my way down her body. "Fuck Ava," I groaned, "I can't get enough of your sweet body."
"Please...don't tease me.....I want....you inside me," she moaned.
I was desperate to be inside her myself, so I unsnapped her jean shorts and tugged her shorts and panties off at the same time and pitched them somewhere behind me. Toeing off my slippers and dropping my jeans and boxers I dove between her thighs and burying my face in her pussy. She was already wet as I held the cheeks of her ass and licked, sucked and nibbled on her pussy lips.
"Gawd yes....ohhh...." she moaned loudly, her hands buried in my hair holding me against her wet pussy, her legs coming around my back. I chuckled, as I felt her sneakers on my back, I forgot her shoes. That didn't deter me from enjoying the sweet taste of her juices.
"Lee....Lee..I'm gonna cum......" she groaned as she humped my face.
"Cum all you want..."I murmured as I feasted on her nectar.
"Oh gawd......right there," she moaned as I sucked on her clit. "Yes...oh yes.......... oh fuck....ccuuummmingg."
As her climax rolled through her I moved up her body and pinned her hands beside her head and kissed her. "Hmmmm," she moaned into my mouth tasting herself. My cock was so hard, precum leaking, as I rolled my hips where my cock rubbed against her opening mixing with her juices.
"Oh God Lee....I need....."
I thrust slowly inside her slippery snug channel cutting off her request. I needed to be inside her as badly as she wanted. Her fingers interlocked with mine, her legs around me we lay like that for a moment once I was buried deep inside her.
"Hmmmm,.....that feels....soooo good your pussy wrapped around my cock," I groaned and nibbled on her earlobe.
"Lee.....I love you...." she moaned softly and I felt her pussy clench around my hardness.
"I love you too Ava," I moaned, and withdrew a few inches then slowly pushed back in her tight pussy. For the next few minutes we got in a rhythm and fucked slowly. She would clench down on my cock as I drew back, like she was keeping my cock from leaving her slick channel, and moaned softly in my ear.
"Oh Lee.....you feel so good inside me. Please.....a little faster....make me cum," she groaned.
Biting down on the soft skin on the right side of her neck just below her ear, I licked and sucked to mark her with a hickey since the others had worn off. "Oh yes....mark me Lee....I'll always.....be yours..."
Moving faster I pumped into her in and out, in and out. Ava let her legs fall from my back and planted her feet on the bed and humped upward meeting my thrust. As we raced to the finish line.
"Oh fuck...yes....fuck me Lee....," she moaned loudly, her core muscles clamping down on my shaft, releasing then clamping down again in a rhythm like it was milking my dick.
"Fuck Ava.....your pussy fits my cock....perfectly....."I groaned as my lips captured her mouth and kissed her hard. For the next few minutes our tongue battles each other in a sloppy passionate kiss, as I pound into her cunt. Every time I bottomed out she would grunt into my mouth.
Breaking the kiss, "Ava,......I....I'm.....about to cum," I murmured burying my head in her neck.
"Oh gawd Lee....just a little longer......harder.....fuck me hard...."she gasped her breath raspy.
"Fuck,....." I moaned, my nuts drawing up, using what energy I had left I pounded into her harder. But when I bottomed out I would hold myself deep inside her for a moment and wiggle my hips to rub against her engorged clit.
"FUCK YES.....right there.....gawd yes.....almost there......harder....harder." Her voice was loud in my ear, her fingers tightening around mine.
A few more pumps and grinds into her and she exploded around my cock. "FUCK... FUCK....CCCUUUMMMIINNNNGGGGGGGG," she screamed.
Her pussy clamped down on my cock like a vise, and I came with her. "FUCK Ava,....I'm gonna...fill....your cunt...up..AAARRRRRGGGG FUCK." As my cock pulsed and empty 5 large loads of cum deep inside her.
Buried deep inside her I just lay there, both of us panting, every once in a while I would feel her pussy quiver and clench down on my throbbing shaft.
Ava finally pulled one of her hands free from mine and ran her fingers through the hair on the back of my neck, as I lay there my face in the crook of her neck. "Lee.. that was wonderful.....just hold me," she moaned softly in my ear.
Raising up on my elbows I kissed her forehead and mumbled softly, "Okay, but just hold on," and rolled us to where she was on top, my cock still inside her, "there isn't that better?" I whisper in her ear as I stroked her back with one hand and cupped the cheeks of her ass with the other.
She moaned and used her left hand to softly stroke my cheek and place kisses on my neck. Finally she settled and I felt her breath on my skin. I could feel her heart beat as I held her against me. She dozed off, she would moan every once in a while, then go quiet. My cock finally slipped from her and I could feel our combined juices slip out of her.
Not wanting to disturb her I just held her. The moonlight gave off enough light that when I glanced over to the mirror on the dresser, I could see her laying on top of me. I almost chuckled when I noticed she still had her sneakers on. I closed my eyes and must have dozed off.
Waking later, it was still night time, but somehow we had changed positions. We were both facing the beach and gulf water, her back to my front. Her head laying on my right arm, my left hand across her chest cupping her right breast, her left breast against my forearm. My cock laying in the crack of her ass.
My cock had obviously become erect without my help. It was throbbing, as I breathed in the scent of her hair. I tried not to move and wake her, but cock would throb and jerk. She moaned and cuddled back into me, her ass making my cock harder. She became still for a few minutes, then I felt her roll her hips and push back against my cock. That had to be on purpose.
I chuckled softly and nuzzled her hair as I rolled her right nipple between my fingers. She whimpered and wiggled her hips, and I reached down and pulled her left leg up over mine and shifted where my cock slid between her thighs and against her wet pussy lips. Ava moaned softly, "Yes.."
Lifting her left leg I thrust my cock between her thighs letting my cock slide along her wet pussy lips. She reached down and guided my throbbing cock to her entrance, "Please.....I need you inside me," she whimpered.
Shifting my body I pulled her to me, and thrust inside her wet pussy until I was balls deep in her. She grunted, and moaned, "gawd yes....that feels....sooo goood."
Using my right arm I forced her head to turn where I could kiss her. I nibbled on her bottom lip and whispered, "You want it slow...or fast and hard..Ava?"
She groaned, "Fast....and hard.....make me cum.."
Thrusting my tongue in her mouth, I pulled back and rammed my cock as deep as I could. She gasped and arched her back, which angled her cunt just right and I started pounding into like a jack hammer.
"Oh fuck.....ugh,.....yes....ugh," she squealed every time I bottomed out inside her.
My hips were pounding into her ass cheeks, "slap, slap, slap, slap, slap," Ava was doing all she could to push back against me. I probably left bruises on her abdomen squeezing her so hard, holding her in place as I fucked her hard.
"LEE," she scream, "I'm gonna cum........fuck me..."
""AAARRRGGG Fuck...." I panted fucking her faster gasping for oxygen.
Ava arched her back and her cunt clenched down on me, as she scream," FUCK YES....CCCCUUUMMIINNNGGGGG."
My nuts drew up and I grunted and kept pounding in and out, in and out. "OH FUCK AVA,.....take my cum," I shouted as I squeezed her right tit and emptied my load deep inside her pussy.
We both lay there breathing hard, sweaty, moaning as we held on to each other. I was too exhausted to move, plus I didn't want to, it just felt so damn good, her in my arms and my cock in her cunt.
With my right still under her head, I felt wetness hit my arm, then it happened again. Finally it sounded like a soft sob. Damn did I pound her to hard.
"Ava," not a whisper, just a low quiet voice, "are you okay?"
Finally she twisted her body and facing me and buried her head in my neck, her arms wrapped around me. "Oh Lee......what....are we going to do?" She murmured softly. I could feel her wet cheeks against me.
"Talk to me, what's the matter?" I asked her caressing her back with one hand and the other at the nape of her slender neck.
"Oh I was...thinking....what Lisa....said..." she moaned softly burying her head in my neck more.
What the fuck did Lisa say to her. I was getting pissed now. "Ava, I need to know what Lisa said," I growled more strongly than I intended.
Her face still tucked into my neck she murmured, "She said her and Richard were thinking about starting a family........and...and that's something we can't do....I'm sorry...I shouldn't even be thinking that, I just don't want to ever lose you."
Now I understood where she was coming from. Lisa didn't tell her not to fuck me or anything like that. She was just talking about starting a family, which I was aware they had been considering it. Ava and I professed our love for one another, it was obvious she felt like myself and that's what triggered this out burst.
I knew we had to talk about it, but I knew right now our emotions were all over the place, especially right now, after just having one hell of a fuck session all night. We needed to be more calm when we talked about going forward.
"Sh, sh, Ava, I know how you feel," trying to calm her down, " I feel the same about you. Just rest now and we'll figure things out," I said softly caressing her body.
Finally she calmed and was breathing shallow breaths and seemed to have dozed back off.
Later the sun started coming up, and I gently untangled my body from her and the sheet I had tugged around us. Quietly I took a shower and slipped on boxers and gym shorts and crossed over to my office.
I didn't want to call Richard this early, so I texted him giving a short run down of my and Ava's conversation. I wanted permission to tell Ava about his relationship with his sister, I thought it might help Ava with the way she was feeling right now. Text me a thumbs up or thumbs down and I would understand either way.
Going back to my room Ava was still sleeping, just as I had left her. I had gotten her a bottle of water from the office fridge and set it on the dresser with a note. The note just said I love her, and we would always be together one way or another. Shower and you'll feel better then come join me downstairs. Love Lee.
AVA
The sunlight shining in my eyes woke me up. Squinting my eyes I noticed I was in Lee's bedroom. The night before came rushing back and I rolled over on my back. "Ohhhhh," I groaned, I was sore from the sex we had last night, Lee had fucked me hard. I smiled remembering both times. Then I remember telling Lee about wanting to stay with him forever, but we couldn't. Oh my God. He was probably upset with me that's why I was alone in bed.
I was entangled in the sheet and finally was able to get up and sit on the side of the bed. Lee's bedroom, I had only been in once the day I arrived. All those memories came back, the spankings, wearing the collar, being limited to where I could go. So much had changed since that day, now here I was in love with my brother.
Looking around his room I saw a bottle of water and a note on the dresser. Standing I groaned, damn I was sore between my legs, and as I approached the dresser I saw in the mirror, a hickey on my neck from last night. My hand caressed the love bite as I picked up the note.
I felt better, he said he loved me and we would work something out. Grabbing the bottle of water I walked into his large bathroom, he had laid out towels and a wash cloth for me. Showering I rushed and finished and wrapped myself in a towel and went back to my room on the second floor to dress.
LEE
While I was drinking my third cup of coffee, I got a text from Richard. It wasn't just a thumbs up or down reply. It read:
Lee, if you think it will help I have no problem telling Ava about me and my sister. Just tell her the truth about everything. I like Ava and Lisa already thinks the world of her. She told me last night after you all left that she felt a close connection to Ava. Hope you both can come to some kind of understanding and continue to be close to one another.
Your Best Friend
Richard
I texted him back a thumbs up!
As I got up to get my fourth cup of coffee I looked at my watch, it was still only 8:15 a.m. Pouring another cup I heard footsteps on the stairs. Moments later Ava entered the kitchen looking radiant as ever, even with the hickey on her neck. She was wearing those sexy white skinny jeans, 3" heels with a strap around her ankle and a pink sleeveless button down blouse. Her hair was in a pony tail again held together with a pink ribbon. My dick got hard.
"Good morning, thanks for the water this morning. Your bathroom is amazing," she giggled, "it's so big I felt alone there, I bet 5 people could fit in there at the same time."
"For the record you're the only one that's ever used it, except for myself," I replied and grinned.
A surprise look flashed across her face, like she didn't really believe me.
"I"'m serious, you're the first I have ever taken into my bedroom to....you know," I mumbled as I sat down at the counter.
Her face flushed, but she smiled and went over to get her a cup of coffee. I wanted her to know how special she was to me.
Sitting down with her cup beside me, she turned her head and looked at me. "I guess I kind of ruined the moment last night...sorry," she murmured and blew across her mug to cool the coffee before taking a sip.
"You didn't ruin anything. I have been battling the same feelings you expressed last night," I responded, running my hand through my hair.
"We can't be together forever like a couple, can we Lee?" Her voice is soft and sad.
"We are going to be together forever Ava, if I have anything to say about it," I stated firmly, "unless you feel different. I'll always respect your opinion if you feel different."
"How Lee, you're going to want to meet someone and start a family like Richard and Lisa?" she shrugged her shoulders and looked down at her mug of coffee.
"Listen to me, I'm going to tell you something. When I brought you here I drove myself nuts resisting the urge to fuck you, knowing I was suppose to be helping straightening you out. I didn't want to fall in love with you but I did. Hell I even told
Richard my how I felt. I even thought about sending you back home to keep from losing control and screwing you. You know what he told me?"
"No," she mumbled softly.
"He told me he had a sexual relationship with his sister, she's a year older than him, and that he didn't regret it and neither did his sister. She's married now and living in Florida, and before you ask Lisa knows about it. Here let me show you something. I pulled out my phone and showed her my text from Richard.
Her face glazed over as she read it, then she smiled. "Lisa really likes me?"
I chuckled, "That's your take away this conversation."
"No...I'm just glad to know Lisa really likes me and she wasn't just being nice to me because I'm your sister. So they both know about us?"
"She's the one that told me to go ahead and fuck you if that's what you wanted. I kind of told her you were a submissive and I knew you wanted to have sex with me."
"She actually said that, to go ahead and fuck me? Good for her," she smiled and giggled. It was good to see a smile on her face. We just needed to decide what we were going to do going forward. Then she shocked me.
"What's the deal with this Sandy, you seemed pretty down that night you got drunk."
"I.... I don't know. I just felt a connection to her, hell I've never met her in person. I thought it was a lost cause that night and...got really down and drank too much."
"I knew you were hurt that night, and if she had been where I could get my hands on her I would have scratched her eyes out for hurting you. Hell I thought Lisa was her sister and I was ready to beat the shit out of them both."
I chuckled, "I'm glad we got that straightened out."
"Where does it stand with Sandy now, have you talked with her since then?" she asked. I wasn't sure if she was hoping I hadn't and it was over, but I thought I had to be honest with her.
"No I haven't talked to her. She finally sent me an email a few days ago. Said she was getting a divorce, had bought out her husbands share of the business and was busy working 18 hour days mostly. She has a 2 bedroom apartment she shares with Tab. She said her and him would make room for me if I ever wanted to visit."
"The fucking bitch invited you to come visit her and her new boyfriend!" she squealed.
I chuckled loudly, "She finished her email saying Tab was the name of her Tabby cat she rescued from the shelter to keep her from getting lonely."
Ava giggled, "I like her already."
"I sent a short email back. She said she takes Sundays off and I told her I would call her. But I'm not sure anything will ever happen between us. She has a business in New Mexico and my business is here."
"Lee don't hold back on my account, if you want to explore a relationship with her, I understand. Some day, with her or someone else you're going to make a great husband and father," she said as she reached over and squeezed my hand.
"What about us?" I asked running my thumb over her knuckles softly.
She laughed, "I'm not going anywhere, I'm going to work my ass off so I can make enough money to pay you back for my car and everything you've done for me. Plus if Richard and his sister enjoyed each other and are still on a good basis, I figure you and I are smart enough to work things out. I never want to lose you Lee, whatever that turns out to be," she smiled and kissed my cheek.
"You'll always have me Ava, I just don't know if I could ever give having sex with you," I murmured as I hugged her.
"Let's take it one day at a time, as far as the for the seeable future I don't intend to give up sex with you. Remember you're supposed to train me to be a good submissive and I don't plan on letting you break that promise," her voice is low and sexy, as she hugged me tightly.
"In that case let me go put some clothes on and let's get out and make a day of it. Is there anything you would like to do?"
"As long as we do it together I'm game for anything," she giggled.
By 9:30 a.m. I was dressed in tan cargo shorts, wide leather brown belt that matched my brown loafers, and a white short sleeve 3 button pull over shirt. I ice down some beer and wine coolers that I put in the back of my Armada.
"Aren't you going to tell me where we're going," she giggled as she got in and buckled up."
"You'll see when we get there," I smiled and started up the car and pulled out onto the highway. Ava was quiet but seemed happy and in a good mood. As we cruised down the road she was busy taking in all the sights. When a sign said Mobile, Al she squealed, "We're going to the USS Alabama Battleship Park aren't we?"
"That and other things here in Mobile, we'll make a day of it," I chuckled seeing her so happy. We went through the battleship and the submarine, then spent time letting pick out souvenirs. I especially liked the sailors hat she picked out. I could imagine her wearing it and naked and kneeling in front of me.
Later we went to a nice place and had seafood. This time she got the flounder along with butterfly shrimp, while I had a dozen raw oysters and an order of Crawfish. I tried to get her to try them, but she refused and scrunched up her face when I sucked on the head of the crawfish.
Later we headed back to Orange Beach and she was giggling and going through her bag of souvenirs. She had a coffee mug USS Drum, a USS Alabama Battleship t-shirt that would look good with the sailor's hat. A set of tea towels for Mom and a beer mug engraved with USS Alabama Battleship for Dad.
"Lee I'm keeping track of what all your spending on me and I'm going to pay you back," she said as she was putting everything back in her bag.
"We have had this conversation already, are you trying to get your ass spanked," raising a brow as I stared hard at her.
"Lee I just want to pay you back when I can, there's nothing wrong with that," she frowned.
"Do you really want to pay me back?" I asked her.
"Of course I do." she said as she turned and set the bag in the backseat, then sat back down and buckled back up.
"Well there's something you could do for me that would be more important to me than money, I have plenty of money," I smirked.
"Fine just tell me and I'll do it," she huffed.
"Take your shoes and jeans off," I smiled at her and winked.
"Now, in the car, it's daylight and look at the traffic," she squirmed looking at all the vehicles on the road.
"I have tinted windows and I didn't ask you to take off your top or bra. So that shouldn't be a problem," I shrugged my shoulders and grinned.
She just sat there and stared at me like I had lost my mind.
"To make it easy on you, I'll just say 'Game On' then you can use your safe word and say Red and not have to do it. You know,....if you're a chicken." I chuckled.
She blushed and mumbled softly, "Okay." Then looked all around at the other cars and took her heels off, then unsnapped her jeans and unzipped them. She nervously looked around again at the traffic, and lifted her butt and pushed the jeans down her legs and kicked them off.
She had on white lacy thong panties, her face still flushed and she put her hands between her legs.
"Now the panties and hand them to me," I growled.
She bit her bottom lip, then slowly tugged her panties off and gave them to me. They were wet in the crotch and I held them up to my nose and sniffed them.
"Someone is going to see you Lee," she hissed.
She slid down in her seat when I hung them on the rear view mirror. "Oh gawd anybody can see them hanging there," she squealed.
"Color Ava, just say Red and it all stops. Chicken." I chuckled.
"No...yellow....oh hell green," she pouted.
"Sit up straight, place your left hand on the center console, your right hand on the door handle. If you let go before I tell you, that's 10 licks with my belt when we get home. Now."
When she did as I instructed, I told her to spread her legs. "Well look what we have here," I chuckled softly, as I reached over and cupped her wet pussy with my right hand.
"I think you like having your pussy exposed, you're certainly wet," I groaned, then used my middle finger to part her lips and and move upward and lightly touch her clit. She shivered and closed her eyes.
"Eyes open Ava, you know the rules, as I stroked her gash getting my middle finger coated in her juices. Fuck, I had to try and watch the road and do this at the same time. Where the hell was there a rest area when you needed one!
Ava moaned softly as I played with her pussy, and she had her eyes on my hand that was stroking her. When I pushed my finger inside her tight little pussy, she arched up and groaned loudly, "Oh..oh.."
I slowed my vehicle down to keep from wrecking. Cars was passing me but I didn't let up finger fucking her. In seconds she was humping my finger and moaning, and breathing heavily. Her eyes still locked on my hand that was tormenting her.
I curled my middle finger up and rubbed her g-spot. Now she was gasping for air and humping my hand rapidly. "Oh...oh gawd.....don't stop....ohhh"
About that time an 18 wheeler passed on the right side next to Ava, and stayed even with us. When Ava, screamed and arched up against my hand and came, he blew his horn, "HONK HONK HONK.
Ava's eyes widened as her core clenched down on my finger and she came again. She shuddered, jerked as her climax consumed her, her eyes now glancing at the trucker, who HONK again a final time, gave a thumbs up and pulled ahead.
As she came down from her orgasm she was panting and trying to slow her heart rate, "Oh my gawd how long was he staring at me?"
"Well he saw you cum twice, I think you made his day," I chuckled loudly. Then I stuck my middle finger in front of her mouth. It was soaked in her juices. "Clean my finger Ava."
She finally grinned then leaned forward and licked and sucked my finger. Fuck my cock had zipper tracks on it, from pushing against my shorts so hard. As she sucked hard on my finger when she pulled her mouth back there was a pop sound. My boxers and shorts were stained with precum.
She finally admitted she saw him pull alongside but was too far gone about to climax and couldn't stop. "God that was so embarrassing......and erotic also.... I can't believe we did that," she mumbled.
I laughed, "I think there's a little exhibitionist hidden inside you. Some people really get off and cum hard when they know someone is watching, or just think someone may be watching."
"Laugh now, but your seat is soaked over here," she said pointing to the edge of her seat.
Reaching inside the console I handed her a small box of tissues. "Here that's not a problem, that's why I wanted leather seats," I laughed.
"Can I dress now?" she asked as she wiped the seat off.
"No, I like you just the way you are. But you can crawl back there and get us a drink, all that work made me thirsty."
"You aren't serious? Someone might see me Lee," she murmured.
"You can always say the magic word RED." I teased her. "But a good submissive would not hesitate to please her Master. Just saying," I grinned and winked.
"You're just trying to make me say RED aren't you?" she pouted as she looked around at the traffic again. When she thought the traffic was spread out enough, she quickly crawled between the front seats across the console, and at first got stuck with her wide hips, between the driver and passenger seat.
I spanked her on the ass, and she shrieked, and wiggled on through the opening. Grabbing a wine cooler and beer she passed me a beer, then sat back in the second row of seats with her drink. That was not going to cut it!
"Get your ass back up here now Ava, or I'll stop the car on the side of the road and take my belt to your ass." I growled, my voice was low and husky.
"Okay, take my drink," she groaned and handed me her drink. This time she turned kind of sideways facing me and slid through the narrow opening. As she did her hand slipped and she fell face first in my lap, her legs flipped, one leg going into the front floorboard of the passenger side, the other leg around the headrest of the passenger seat. There she lay with her head in my lap, her backside toward the passenger window with legs spread wide, mooning the passing car occupied by 2 guys.
The driver of the car honked his horn and slowed down to get a better look. I died laughing. The sound of the horn made Ava raise her head and look over as she tried to right herself.
"Oh shit!," she screamed, her face turning bright red. Finally she got settled in her seat and glanced over at the car still beside us. The passenger of the car was up on his knees and had his pecker out jacking off and hollering something, I couldn't make out what he was saying, but I was sure was along the lines of wanting to fuck her.
She slouched down in her seat some, but I saw her hand go to her pussy and finger herself. She never turned her head to look again, but I noticed her cut her eyes in that direction. The sight of the guy jerking off watching her, had turned her on, now she was finger fucking herself. I was mesmerized at the sight. I had a little voyeur and exhibitionist sitting next to me pleasuring herself. Fuck my dick was so hard it hurt like a mother-fucker and was leaking like a busted water hose.
She was moaning and groaning as she fucked herself. They couldn't see her pussy, but I'm sure they saw her arm moving and knew she was masturbating. When she came she moaned "Oh fuck...." tilting her head back, arching her chest out. She pumped her hand faster and came again screaming, "Fuck....yess..."
I swerved and almost hit the car next to us, I was so intent on watching her come. Thank goodness the other driver swerved away from me to avoid a collision. I knew then I had to stop doing this before I killed us. I hit the gas and pulled away from them and sped up and lost them in the traffic.
Ava had come down from her orgasm and was wiping herself and the seat off with the box of tissues I had given her earlier. Her face was flushed and at first wouldn't look at me. Finally she did look at me and bit her bottom lip and giggled softly. "I can't believe I did that, but....gawd that was so erotic....he was jacking off watching me."
I chuckled, "We're coming into town you probably need to put your clothes back on," as I took her panties and gave them to her. As she took the panties from me she looked and saw a large wet spot on my shorts. "Seems someone else enjoyed the show," she cooed, pointing at my groin.
"You wanton slut, I think I have created a monster," I laughed. "Plus you have ruined the rest of the day, I had planned on us doing some other things this evening but I can't go out with this stain on my shorts."
"We've done a lot today, maybe we could pick up a Meat Lover's pizza and eat by the pool, we still have wine coolers and beer," she giggled as she slipped her panties on.
"Fine but don't put the rest of your clothes on," I smirked at her, "I call in the order and we will swing by and pick it up."
She smiled at me and dropped the jeans she had in her hand back on the floorboard and purred, "Yes Sir."
I phoned the order in and paid for it in advance and drove toward the pizza store, the time we got there the order should be ready. Completely the call I looked over at Ava, she was staring at my groin, I was still hard as nails.
"Master would like for you to scoot your ass over here and take my cock out," I growled at her. Her eyes met mine and she knew I was dead serious. I scooted my drivers seat back as far as I could and raised my right arm motioning for her to get to it. She slowly leaned over the console, undid my belt, unsnapped my shorts and pulled my zipper down. She freed my cock and giggled,"Master I freed your cock, what am I supposed to do now," she said in a little girl voice. She was leaning across the console, but had let her legs slip down in the floorboard on her side of the car.
I reached over and slapped her left ass cheek hard, "Whack" and she squealed. "Get your knees up in the seat, then suck my cock like a good slut," I barked at her. "Yes Sir," she mumbled as she got her knees upon the seat. "Whack" I spanked her left ass cheek again.
"I said to call me Master," I growled at her again.
"Yes Mas.." her answer was muffled as I used her pony tail to force the swollen head of my dick past her lips. I groaned as I moved her head up and down my shaft. It was difficult to drive but I was able to pull in the drive thru at the pizza store. There were 2 cars ahead of me giving me time to enjoy the blow job.
Ava was getting into it now sucking and slurping on my cock as the car moved slowly forward. She was not even thinking clearly, she loved what she was doing. As I pulled up to the window, she was moving up and down my cock without me forcing her.
The young man working the window hollered, "Meat Lover's Piz.." and paused as he looked over and saw Ava's head bobbing up and down in my lap. That caused Ava to abruptly stop and start to raise her head up, but I put the back of my hand and held her down. "I didn't tell you to stop," I mumbled. Then I turned back to the young man in the window and reached out for my order.
He was grinning from ear to ear, "Sir do you need any dipping sauce to go with your order." His eyes locked on the sight of Ava's head moving up and down in my lap, plus her thong covered ass in the passenger seat.
"No thanks young man, I'll provide her all the sauce she needs," and winked at him.
He nodded his head and grinned, "Come again"
"Oh I will, you have a good day," I said as I pulled away.
Still holding Ava's head down I had to pull over into a parking space there in the parking lot. I was about to cum and was afraid I would wreck. As soon as I parked I felt my nuts draw up, and I groaned, "Uuuuuuhhhh,,,uuuuuhh fuuucckk," and emptied my nuts down Ava's throat.
At the same time a convertible with 2 teenage girls pulled in and parked right beside me. They heard me grunt and were looking at me, their mouths open, a surprise look on their face. All they saw was a man sitting in a car, the window down, thinking I was probably jacking off. Then Ava raised her head up and was wiping cum from lips with the back of her hand. The 2 girls burst out laughing, "You go Girl" they shouted.
The girl on my side smiled and winked and gave me a thumbs up. Ava, squeezed my cock so hard I thought she was going to pinch it off. I rolled the window up, and chuckled and pulled her hand off my dick. "Why the hell did you nearly choke my dick off," I chuckled, as I backed up, then pulled forward heading home.
She didn't answer, she grabbed the pizza box I had shoved on top of the dash, and sat back in her seat and promptly got a piece out and started eating it. After swallowing a bite she looked at me, pizza sauce and cheese on her lips. "I didn't like her flirting with you." Then took another bite of pizza and stared out the window.
At home she left her clothes and shoes in the car and got out with the pizza, marched through the house barefoot, wearing just her thong panties, but still had on her top and bra. I grabbed the ice chest and followed her, she sweet ass cheeks jiggling with each step. My dick getting hard again as I followed her out to the swimming pool.
It was hard not to chuckle out loud, as she proceeded to put the pizza on the table between the two lounge chairs. She had not spoken since she made the comment about the girl flirting with me. After setting the pizza down she turned and looked at me. "Would Master like for me to undress or can I eat first," she pouted.
"Your acting like a brat," my voice stern letting her know I was serious, "besides you have already started eating without my permission. Hell you ate two slices on the way home. What do you have to say for yourself before I administer punishment."
She stood with her hands on her hips staring but not answering me. I glared at her, "You have two choices, one, you strip and bend over the lounge chair, legs straight and take your punishment, or two, you say RED."
She paused for a second then started removing her blouse, her bra, then rolled her panties down her legs and kicked them aside. Walking to the end of the lounge chair she bent at the waist, legs straight presenting her ass to me.
I set the ice chest down and pulled my belt loose from my shorts. I folded the belt then snapped it loudly. She flinched but held her position. I used the toe of my shoe to make her spread her legs, then ran my hand around her beautiful heart shaped ass. She moaned. Goose bumps pebbled her smooth skin.
"First she was the one flirting, not me. You had no reason to be pissed at me and nearly pinched my dick off." All the time I was talking I was caressing and squeezing her fleshy ass cheeks. She moaned again and pushed back against my hand.
"Besides we have already established you love being watched and performing in front of other people," I growled at her. She said nothing. "Answer me, am I right?"
"Ye..yes Master, sorry....I got....mad.." her voice is soft and shaky.
"I think you deserve three licks with my belt so you'll never repeat your jealous mistake again. I've told you I love you, that girl did not interest me even slightly."
Continuing to caress her ass, "I expect you to take your licks without screaming for the whole neighbor hearing, or I'll gag you and give you ten more. Understand?"
"Yes Mas..master," she shivered and tried shifting her weight from one foot to the other. Clenching her butt cheeks anticipating the first lick.
Running my hand softly over her ass I spoke softly, "Relax Ava and we'll get this over with. She did. The first lick of the belt hit over the center of her ass cheeks leaving a red stripe across both cheeks.
"Ohhhhh...gawddd.." she whimpered softly. Before she could catch her breath, I hit a little lower leaving another stripe across both cheeks. She sucked in air, her legs shaking but didn't utter a sound. The third lick hit across where her thighs meet her ass cheeks. She grunted through gritted teeth, "Ohhhh fuuucckkkk."
I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her up, turning her to where she buried her face in my chest and sobbed softly. "You never have to be jealous, I will always love you, and if you want to learn to be a good submissive you have to learn to take your punishments. Never lose your temper and act like a brat. Once you take your punishment the slate's clean and we start fresh. Do you understand," my voice is soft and gentle as I stroke her back and the nape of her neck.
She nodded yes against my chest. I tilted her head up and kissed her forehead. "Now let's sit down and eat our pizza I'll grab you a wine cooler."
"Master, can...can I jump...in the pool.....my butt's....burning?" she murmured.
"Of course," I chuckled softly.
Ava walked over to the shallow end of the pool, and walked gingerly down the steps into the water. As she sunk down in the water, she closed her eyes and moaned. She didn't try sitting on the steps, she just moved slowly until she was up to her neck in the water, then leaned forward and started swimming slowly. I could see the stripes on her ass, they were turning pink now instead of bright red.
I grabbed a wine cooler and went to the edge of the water and squatted down to offer it to her. She swam to the edge by me and reached for it. "Thanks Master."
"No more Master, we're not playing anymore today," I grinned as I stood up. "When you're ready there's plenty of pizza over here."
She looked up at me and smiled, "If it's okay with you, can you bring me a slice where I can stand up in the pool and eat," she giggled.
She ate two more slices of pizza and had a couple of wine coolers, while I pulled a chair over close and ate with her. It was difficult not to get a hard on, watching her tits jiggle and move each time she moved a little, or turned up her wine cooler to take a drink.
We mostly talked about the trip to Mobile and the things we did, plus she was excited about seeing Lisa this coming week. After the pizza was finished she got out of the pool. Of course I got hard again seeing her completely naked. The stripes on her ass had faded and would be gone by morning. I didn't hit her that hard, but I'm sure they stung like hell when the belt connected with her smooth, soft ass.
She patted her self dry and wrapped up in a towel instead of dressing, hell her jeans and shoes were still in the car. I told her to go on in and find something comfortable to wear I would pick up out here.
Cleaning up the mess we made, I went out to the car and got her clothes, shoes and bag of souvenirs and brought them back inside. As I did she came back in the den wearing only a night shirt, looking sexy as hell.
She had one more wine cooler while she went through her bag of souvenirs again. She was back to her old self and seemed to be able to set without any trouble. After about an hour she yawned, I'm sure from the buzz from the wine coolers and the long day we had.
"Lee, I'm so tired I think I'm going to bed," and stood up and picked up her souvenir bag, "Thanks again for today, I had a really good day."
"So did I, see you in the morning."
AVA
In my bedroom I sat my souvenir bag on the bed, and went over and pulled the curtains back so when the sun came up I would have a great view of the beach. Stripping off my nightshirt, I decided to sleep naked, I saw my backside in the mirror and grinned. Three pink stripes across my ass, but they didn't hurt too bad now.
The belt hurt and stung like fire, but at the same time it turned me on. I like having his hands on me, and he told me he loves me after spanking my ass. The girl did piss me off flirting with Lee, but I also got a little turned on her seeing me wiping cum off my mouth.
Walking over to the bed I got my souvenirs out. I placed the USS Drum coffee mug on the dresser next to my Gateway Arch souvenir. So much had happened since St. Louis. I had learned a lot about myself since then. I discovered today I like being watched while having sex, plus it turned me on watching the guy jerk off as I masturbated.
I giggled remembering the trucker honking his loud horn. I saw him but was so close to cumming I wasn't about to stop. Hell it made cum harder being watched. I wish I could have seen the look on the guys face at the drive-up window at the pizza store.
I bet he had to jerk off as soon as he had the chance.
Folding the duvet back I crawled into bed and just covered up with the top sheet. With all the lights off there was still enough moon light I could clearly see the beautiful room I was now staying in. I thought about Lee's bedroom.
Lee had said he had never had a girl in his bed before me, and I believe he wouldn't have lied to me. I smiled as I closed my eyes, knowing deep down Lee and I would always be close regardless of what the future held. "I love you Lee," I whispered out loud as sleep took me.
End of Chapter 4