Don and I are both in our early 40s. Whe have been married for almost 20 years and although we have the odd disagreement I wouldn't change a thing. My name is Charlotte and we have been living in this house for the last 15 years. My husband works in a steel foundry, and I work as a waitress in a restaurant. We have a core group of friends we have known for most of 15 years. Our house seems to be the focal point for Don's friends from the foundry to congregate to watch football and baseball games and sometimes just to watch a DVD. We have a furnished basement with a 60 inch LCD TV and a bar down there and we have plenty of room. Being in a basement cuts down the noise sometimes when the cheering gets loud.
There are six of Don's friends that meet regularly here for poker nights once a week. They are a bit rough around the edges and are always saying things that aren't politically correct, but I love them like brothers. We have been through thick and thin together. We seem to be able to talk about anything together without any problems. They have shared their problems with everything from illness to divorce with me. When I had a miscarriage with my first child and found out I couldn't have any more kids they all cried along with me, hugged me and got me through a tough time. Some people would be shocked at the topics that come up, like the one night stands they had and the best sex positions. I am used to that. They seem to treat me like one of guys most of the time. You could also count on them to help you if you needed a garage built or a sidewalk leveled.
This poker night the guys and my husband were playing cards and I was mainly bringing them snacks and drinks.
Henry piped up, "Man that lady I fucked last night was hot. Great tits! though not as nice as yours Charlotte!" I took it all in stride. Henry was divorced and being burned once, he didn't want any long term relationships. Whoever he could pick up at the bar for a night was good enough for him.
I guess I should tell you about myself. I am certainly not skinny but I keep myself in pretty good shape. My measurements are 38-25-38 and I have a DD cup bra. I am also six feet tall! Even when I was tending bar I could always handle men. Usually all it took was a look and they backed down.
"You couldn't handle a real woman Henry! Whip it out and let's see what you have to work with!" I laughed. Everyone knew this was just harmless flirting and no one would dare cross that line. I bent over to offer a drink to Wayne and saw Garth through the corner of my eye pretending to pat my ass. "You touch that Garth and you'll get a black eye! Lookout or I'll tell your wife!" Everybody laughed and he withdrew his hand sheepishly. As I said, it was just all in fun. No one had ever grabbed my ass. I didn't think of this as sexual harrassment, I actually enjoyed our banter. These guys were harmless, unlike some guys I served at the restaurant. There I did get my ass slapped occasionally. I never told Don.
The game ended early and I asked if they wanted to watch something on TV. They needed to sober up a bit before they went home.
Eric said "Don, why don't you put on that tape of Charlotte stripping you made about two years ago?"
I looked at Don with a look that could kill. I had made that video for a Christmas present for Don. I had rented an HD camera and tripod for a weekend and made it for him. He had wanted Boudoir pictures but always the cheapskate I wanted to save money and this was the compromise. Besides I wasn't ready to get undressed in front of a photographer, male or female. I wouldn't even wear a two piece bathing suit for God's sake! "Don Dear, can I see you in the other room?" The guys laughed knowing what Don was in for.
"What the hell were you thinking telling Eric about that?" I said turning red.
"I was drunk at the time and I guess I was just bragging about how lucky I was. I don't remember the exact details, that was a year ago. I am really sorry. Don't worry, the video is locked in our floor safe nice and secure."
"Still, I don't like the idea of them even knowing it exists. They will tease me to death to see it."
"Since when do you mind a little teasing?" Don asked humbly.
"Good point. I guess I will let you live a little longer." I chuckled.
When we came back into the basement everybody carried on as if nothing had happened and We watched a DVD and I served them coffee. They left shortly after.
My favorite niece was getting married in Australia and Don and I were trying to figure out how at least I could get to go.
"That knee replacement of mine killed all our savings and that winter vacation has maxed out our credit cards. I really would rather not go into any more debt. If you went to Australia the airfare alone would be at least $2000 economy, and that doesn't even include hotels and meals." Don said.
"I know, but it is still disappointing. I had promised that if she ever got married I would be there." I replied.
Next week our six friends were back for their poker game.
Eric piped up "Sure you wouldn't like to join us Charlotte? We could make it strip poker." he said with a grin on his face.
"I wouldn't want to show your inadequacies to all your friends" I laughed.
The phone rang and I grabbed it downstairs. It was my niece. "I am really sorry I can't make it to your wedding Wendy. The finances just aren't there right now." I continued to talk to her for another fifteen or so minutes then hung up.
"How much money would you need to go? Sorry for eavesdropping." Eric said.
"If I had another $2000 I could probably scrape up the rest of the money." I answered.
The six guys got into a huddle.
"We have a screwball idea that we have to clear with Don" Andy said and Don and Andy whispered back and forth. Don got a shocked look on his face and I overheard him say "That would totally be up to Charlotte. I can't see you talking her into it but I won't veto it."
Veto what, I thought, and what gave him veto power on anything I decided anyway.
"Don what is it you guys are talking about" I asked.
"Oh, no, this isn't my idea, you tell her Eric!" Don said.
"If we could raise the $2000 would you let us watch the strip video?"
Well, I didn't see that one coming. Not in a million years.
"You guys are pulling my leg right?" I asked.
"No, we have all agreed." Andy added.
Blushing I said "If you want to see nude women save your money and go see the live ones at the strip club."
"I will probably get a black eye for this but here goes;" Eric said. "The strip club girls are all young and skinny. We would love to see a real woman we know for a change. We have all seen you in different outfits for fifteen years. Think of it like Burlesque, the exciting part is the build up. For us you have been building us up for fifteen years. I can only speak for myself, but I have been undressing you with my eyes and hoping to catch a peek at those tits everytime you bend over for most of that time. For me it would be well worth the over $300 to finally see what you look like under those clothes."
"Now you've done it!" I heard someone say.
For the first time dealing with these guys I was speechless and hid upstairs until they left. They broke up early.
As Eric was leaving I heard him say to Don "Please apologize to Charlotte for me. What I said was uncalled for. I wish I could say I was drunk, but I'm not. If I get banned from the house I will understand."
Jesus Christ! I thought. I should be furious, but I like people who say their mind instead of keeping it behind my back. I admit it is flattering that they would pay that much money just to see a video of me stripping.
"It would be a way to pay for that trip." Don said.
"You aren't seriously suggesting I let them see that are you!"
"No of course not. Just making a joke."
"No you weren't. When you saw my reaction you changed your tune didn't you?"
"You always see right through me. Yeah, I can't see the harm."
"What about my embarrassment? I still have to see these guys every week. And what would they think of me? I don't want them thinking of me as a sex object!"
"OK. I shouldn't admit this, but all men think of women as sex objects, with or without their clothes. Well not their mothers but every other woman. Just like buying a new car, it is the looks of the car that attracts you, but after that you want to know everything else about it before you buy. A man can think of a woman as a sex object and still have the greatest respect for her. I sure do with you."
"Every woman? What about your sister?" He turned red. "Since I can't lie to you, yes even my sister. When I was a kid I always tried to get a peek at her, and even now if she bends over I can't resist looking down her blouse."
"Don! I am shocked!" I laughed. He shrugged his shoulders.
I have to admit that I am extremely flattered by the fact that they were willing to spend $2000 just to see a video of me strip. It would probably disappoint them because at the end of the strip I was still wearing thong underwear and a somewhat see through bra. Sometimes I wish I were a lot more bold like the women on that nude beach we saw on our winter vacation. I was wearing my conservative one piece bathing suit, and we walked across a beach where half the women were either topless or completely nude. Most of them were in far worse shape than I was. I have a couple of friends who had boudoir photos done for their husbands and they found the experience empowering. They can't wait to do it again fully nude this time! Francesca said that it was great for her perception of her body image. After seeing the pictures and seeing the reaction of her husband she no longer worries about her cellulite or her calves. She bought herself a very tiny bikini and proudly wears it to the beach now. Sometimes I wish I wasn't such a prude. If I do say it myself, I look better than Francesca.
I know women and men are not that different. We look at other guys too, but we are more subtle about it. I have seen most of these guys nude at one time or another. A streaking craze went through here about ten years back and it was quite exciting seeing all these nude guys lined up in our living room one night getting ready to run around the block. I certainly looked and teased them mercilessly. I can't say that changed anything about the way we reacted later. It was all back to normal again. Last year Eric lost a football bet and had to get me to take a picture of him nude. Although Eric lost the bet he seemed to enjoy himself. That penis was sure hard! Must have been eight inches long! I have to admit that I used that mental image as a fantasy in bed with Don. I didn't tell Don that though!
The next day I had Don phone everybody up and say that everything was cool and I wasn't mad. They came around the next week for the regular poker game. I usually wear just jeans and a t shirt but I decided to wear a fairly short skirt this time. I wanted to stretch my limits a bit.
"Nice legs." Eric said.
"What this old skirt? I just tried it on to see if it still fit. I forgot to take it off."
Don gave me a funny look.
"Look Charlotte, we all want to apologize to you for last week. We have decided to give you the money anyway, no strings attached."
I was so happy I couldn't help starting to cry. I went around and hugged everybody and thanked them, but I made it clear that this was just a loan.
The next week when everybody was over and settled, I made an announcement.
"Remember that game on Tuesday? I always cheer for Seattle and foolishly made a bet with Don that Seattle would win. I was so sure. If he lost he would clean the whole house." I paused.
"What did you lose?" Braden asked.
I sheepishly answered, "If I lost I had to let all of you guys see the strip video."
Mouths dropped open. Silence ensued until Eric said "We won't put you through that."
"I was just teasing you sweetheart! I won't hold you to that bet." Don said.
"I foolishly made the bet and I never welch on a bet. Don't blame Don. He didn't pressure me into it. It was my own fault. I want you all to watch it."
"Don, could you set it up on the TV? Thanks. I will be upstairs."
I sat around the corner just out of sight and listened. Don and I had set this up. There was no bet. I didn't want them to think this was my idea. I made that video two years ago and I was trying to remember exactly how it went. I remember putting on music and doing a slow strip out of an evening gown and fishnet stockings. I did a number of suggestive moves and then teasingly unzipped the back of the gown. I could remember slowly taking off the gown and then peeling off the stockings while laying on the bed. I know I did a spin to show off my ass with just the thong on. First time I had ever shaved that bush! I hope that bra wasn't too see through!
I could hear cheering going on. Don had the sound turned down fairly low but I could make out my voice on the video.
How long was this video? I didn't think it went on this long. I decided to take a peek. I thought everyone would be watching the screen anyway.
I was horrified with what I saw. There I was nude on the treadmill working out with my big boobs bouncing around. The camera moved to the back and my pussy was clearly displayed. I ran back upstairs in shock. I know what happened!
I could still hear my voice. What the hell!
After the cheering had stopped I went downstairs and blushingly said that I had no idea that the other footage was on that disk. They thanked me for showing it and said that they wouldn't think of letting me pay back that loan. They had made an agreement and wouldn't welch on it either.
"Far better video than I was expecting. Don, you are a lucky man. Far better tits than my date, and I thought hers were fine." Henry laughed.
After they left for the evening Don went to lock away the DVD. It was gone! We have no idea who took it.
"Don you bastard. I didn't mean to show them that treadmill thing." I said. After I had given him the stripping video, since we still had the camera for the weekend, Don had followed me around with it. I sleep in the nude and I usually just get out of bed, workout and then take a shower. While I was working out I remember telling him to fuck off when I noticed him and the camera. I didn't think he kept that video. I thought he was just teasing me.
"Sorry sweetheart, I didn't remember that that video was on that DVD. That was two years ago. I made several edits and thought it was on the other DVD. Once the treadmill part started it was too late to stop it."
"You could have stopped it, you just didn't want to! I know when you are lying!" I said.
"Yeah I could of stopped it, but it was just too sexy for me to stop it. I am proud of the shape you're in and wanted to finish the video."
"Why the hell did you keep that anyway?" I asked.
"Are you kidding? That footage was hot! You never told me to delete it so I kept it."
"If I knew you kept it I would have made sure you deleted it. Now look what happened!"
The next poker game the DVD mysteriously reappeared sitting on the table.
Everything went back to normal that week. Of course they tease me about the video every now and then, but it is just harmless flirting. I imagine that DVD was copied but I haven't confronted anyone about it. In a warped way I am flattered that someone is jerking off to my nude body. I guess I am getting over being a prude. I trust these guys enough to know it won't end up on the Internet! When the guys are over I don't even bother wearing a bra anymore. I like the attention.
P.S. I did get to go to Australia for my niece's wedding.