After my beautiful girlfriend was groped by the owner and some executives in the company for which she worked at a drunken Christmas party, we had a great weekend. It was surprising as hell, but we did. I learned some new things about both of us.
I was simultaneously jealous and aroused by my girlfriend, Donna, allowing strangers to feel her up in public. Then, with me present at the party, she took it further by going back to the owner's office to strip and give him a blow job. When we got back to our little apartment, Donna was very remorseful and cried a great deal. I insisted on hearing everything she had done at the party and she told me.
However, after a while, it became obvious that the entire episode and talking about it with me made her extremely horny. It also made me extremely horny to hear my busty girlfriend talk about how wet she was when these men were feeling her up in public.
After a while we admitted to each other how turned on we were talking about Donna's exploits. Then, we started this wonderful game in which Donna would lie in bed naked with her legs spread and she would tell me the details of what happened at the Christmas party while I licked her pussy.
We both loved it and Donna had numerous orgasms in this way. There seemed to be no limit to the number of times she could cum telling these stories of public exposure and embarrassment. Eventually, I would get so horny I would ram my cock into her soaking wet pussy and fuck her frantically until we both came. It was fun!
Donna was nervous about going back to work. She knew that a lot of people may have seen some of her activities at the party and she wasn't sure how she would be treated by the people with whom she worked. We even talked about some fantasies in which Donna would let guys at work touch or see her giant boobs again.
Mostly, Donna was nervous that she would lose her job. I told her that she shouldn't worry about that because the company would be worried about sexual harassment claims. She smiled and said, "Joe, I don't know how it could be sexual harassment when I was a willing participant!"
I laughed and said, "You and I know that, but the company won't know how much you enjoyed it."
"I hope you are right," she said. "I need this job to stay in school and I sure wouldn't want to have to explain to my Dad why I lost it."
"Yeah, I can just imagine you telling your Daddy that his nineteen year old daughter lost her job at the supermarket because she let a bunch of guys feel her up in public at a Christmas party and she had oral sex with the 60 year old owner of the company!"
"Oh, my! Don't even think that!" Donna said. "I would have to run away from home!"
Donna was not scheduled to work on Monday, so her first day at work after the Christmas party was Tuesday. Donna was a cashier at the grocery store. The manager of her store was a big, blonde guy who was about 30 years old named Steve Johnson. Steve was a funny guy and he always treated Donna well.
Donna wore a black turtleneck sweater and blue jeans. Like most of her clothes, the turtleneck was tight because it was purchased before her breasts grew to F cups. Donna developed very late and very dramatically when she was 17 or 18 years old. She did not have a lot of clothes that fit over her breasts. Most of her blouses that button down the front would not button. Donna could barely afford to buy all of the bras she needed since the size was constantly changing.
Donna arrived and took her normal position at one of the check-out counters in the store. Everything seemed normal until her manager, Mr. Johnson, came up to her and said that he needed to see her right away in his office. Donna was sure she was going to be fired as she walked back to the manager's office.
When Donna arrived at the office, she was introduced to a dark, handsome young man in a suit named Rick Dillard. Steve Johnson told her that Rick was one of the company's lawyers. Donna was now sure she was going to be fired. Both men were around 30 years old and Donna thought both of them were looking at her strangely. She assumed that they looked like that because they were about to fire her.
After Donna and the manager were seated, the lawyer said that he had spent the better part of the last two days investigating what happened to Donna at the company Christmas party. He said he had interviewed numerous eye witnesses and had taken their sworn statements. He said he was pretty sure he knew what had occurred at the party. Donna blushed.
The lawyer asked, "Do you have a lawyer?"
Donna said simply, "No, sir."
The young lawyer continued, "Good. I can talk to you about the events at the company holiday party. Is it accurate to say that you had sexual relations with the owner of the company, Mr. Reasoner, and that Mr. Reasoner and other company employees touched you inappropriately at the party in public?
Donna blushed again and said, "Yes, sir."
"Miss Kelly, did you call and leave a message for Mr. Reasoner threatening to turn him into the EEOC for sexual harassment if he did not promptly make a fair settlement with you? Dillard asked.
"No, sir."
Did someone call on your behalf? asked Dillard.
"No, sir."
"Did you know that negotiations were presently be conducted concerning the biggest merger in the history of this company and that a claim against Mr. Reasoner at this time could possibly adversely effect the deal?"
"No, sir. I never heard of that."
Dillard looked like he did not believe her, but said, "Let's cut to the chase. Miss Kelly, I am prepared to offer you $15,000 if you will give a short deposition and sign a complete release and confidentiality agreement."
Donna did not know what he was talking about. She had no exposure to legal matters on the farm where she had grown up. "Are you offering to pay me because I had sex with Mr. Reasoner?" she asked. "Isn't that like a prostitute?"
"No, Miss Kelly, this is not like that at all. This is an offer of settlement for any damages you may have suffered and any you might suffer in the future related to what happened at the party." Dillard looked down at his note pad for a moment and then sighed and said, "This is very important to the company and I shouldn't have tried to lowball you. I can offer you up to $25,000 in cash right now if you will agree. I can get you the check today if you will agree to the company's terms."
Donna said, "Can I keep my job, Mr. Dillard?
"Of course."
"What is a deposition?" she asked.
Dillard seemed encouraged by her questions. "A deposition is just an interview of you under oath in front of a court reporter and in this case a video camera. We just want to establish very clearly what happened at the party and what claims are being released. This is just to protect everyone from later claims that something that occurred was not a part of the settlement. When you settle a claim quickly like this, sometimes there is some confusion about exactly what is intended to be covered."
Donna asked, "I think I know, but what is a confidentiality agreement?'
"It is an agreement that you will not discuss the events that occurred at the party with anyone outside of the company." Dillard said.
"Can I tell my boyfriend, Joe?"
"Sure, we can exclude him if you wish."
"Does this go both ways? Will everyone keep this to themselves?" Donna asked.
Dillard replied, "No, too many people at the company have heard or seen things to be able to agree to that. We only want to commit to things we can deliver."
Donna wondered how a lot of people could have seen or heard things, but she said, "That will be okay with me, sir, if it is hard for the company to do."
Donna thought about the $25,000 she was being offered and how that was about $24,000 more than she had ever had at one time in her life, and she said, "Mr. Dillard, we have a deal."
Dillard seemed relieved and said, "Great, I will have the court reporter and the videographer set everything up for the deposition. As long as you answer my questions honestly and completely under oath, you will have the $25,000 today."
Donna was already thinking about all of the new clothes she could buy with $25,000.
After a young bearded man set up the video equipment and a female court reporter set up her gear, the deposition began. Steve Johnson and Dillard were present too. Steve smiled at Donna and tried to reassure her that everything would be alright.
Donna raised her right hand and swore to tell the truth. Then, Dillard explained how a deposition worked and told Donna that he was going to have to ask her some personal questions and some sexual questions. He told her that he was not trying to embarrass her or pry, but he had to ask the questions so that he would have a full and complete record of the events in question and any potential claims. Then, the deposition began.
Donna was nervous about being on videotape, but she figured it would not be too bad.
Q (By Mr. Dillard) Please state your name.
A Donna Kelly.
Q Miss Kelly, did you attend a company Christmas party last Saturday night for Reasoner Grocery Stores?
A Yes sir.
Q At that party, did you talk to Mr. Reasoner, the owner of the company?
A Yes, sir.
Q Tell us about what was discussed please.
A I had just arrived and I was talking to one of my girlfriends when Mr. Reasoner came over and introduced himself to me and had one of the waiters at the party bring me several drinks. He then took me over to the bar and gave me more drinks.
Q Were you intoxicated?
A Before long I was. I am not a big drinker.
Q Is this a photo of you and Mr. Reasoner at the party?
A color picture of Donna and the owner flashed up on a video screen and a small copy was handed to Donna. She and Reasoner were laughing and drinking.
A Yes, sir.
Q Did you allow Mr. Reasoner to touch your breasts at this point?
A No, not then. After a few more drinks, Mr. Reasoner took me off to one side of the large room and found some mistletoe. He told me it was a tradition at the Christmas party for him to kiss all of the pretty female employees. He held the mistletoe over my head and gave me a big kiss.
Q Did he touch your breasts then?
A Not the first kiss. Before long, he was kissing me and groping one of my breasts while we kissed.
Q Did you resist the groping?
A No, sir.
Q Did other employees touch your breasts?
Donna noticed Dillard, Johnson and video guy all staring at her chest. She wanted to say, "I am up here!" But, she did not say anything and secretly really liked it that they were so obviously impressed by her boobs. She even intentionally shifted in her chair and crossed her legs so that her breasts would jiggle a little as they watched.
Q How did the other employees come to touch your breasts at the party?
A Mr. Reasoner called them over. He told them I was the best looking employee they had ever hired and that I liked to be kissed under the mistletoe. He then kissed me and made it really obvious that he was squeezing my breasts as we kissed.
Q How many employees touched your breasts that night?
A Four all together, sir.
Q Did you try to stop them from groping your breasts, Miss Kelly?
A No, sir.
Donna blushed and felt like a slut as she admitted that she let strangers feel her up.
Q Do you know these men?
A I just met them at the party.
Q Did you go back to Mr. Reasoner's office with him?
A Yes, sir.
Q How did that occur, Miss Kelly?
A He kept asking me to go back to his office and show him my breasts. Since he owned our company, I did not feel like I could say no, so I agreed.
Q Was your boyfriend at the party?
A Yes, his name is Joe.
Q Did Joe know that the company men were touching your breasts?
A Yes, sir.
Q Did he do anything to try to stop it?
A No, sir, not then.
Q Did you go back to Mr. Reasoner's office?
A Yes, sir.
Q What happened in the office?
A Mr. Reasoner kissed me and asked me to take off all of my clothes. I was embarrassed, but I did it.
Q Did you pose for some pictures?
A Oh, my God, I forgot about that! Yes, sir, I did.
Q Is this a true and correct copy of the first photo of you in the office?
A big image flashed on a large video screen of Donna without her sweater on in just her bra and jeans. Her bra was white lace and huge cleavage was showing. Donna felt humiliated for these men including her manager, Mr. Johnson, to see her in just her bra.
A Yes, sir.
Q Did the owner ask you the size of your bra?
A I don't remember.
Q What size was the bra you had on that night, Miss Kelly?
A I don't remember.
Q Do you remember what you told Mr. Reasoner?
A No.
Q Well, why don't we look at one of the security films from Mr. Reasoner's office to see if it refreshes your recollection.
On the screen came up a video recording from the office showing Donna and Reasoner kissing. The video was high quality, in color and included sound. Then, on the video Donna stepped back and pulled her tight blue sweater over her head and showed the boss her big tits in her white lace bra. She playfully shook her breasts back and forth a few times. Then, Reasoner asked her what size bra she wore. She laughed and said it changed all of the time, but this was a new bra so it was a 34F. Steve Johnson actually made a moaning sort of sound when Donna took off her sweater on the video.
A That does not look like any security video to me! It is in color and it is fairly close up and it has sound.
Q The video equipment in the office is first rate. Does that remind you that you bragged about the size of your breasts?
A I did not brag. My boss asked me a question and I answered. I wasn't sure which bra I had on that night. I had just switched sizes a short time ago.
Q Why did you switch?
A I went from a 32DDD to a 34F because the DDD was getting too small in the cups and you can't find a 32F in any store. What does this have to do with my claim?
Steve Johnson had broken into a sweat.
Q Please just answer the questions, Miss Kelly.
Dillard was looking at the 34Fs as he spoke.
Q Miss Kelly, did you use your large breasts and the talk about your large breasts to entice Mr. Reasoner into a compromising position with you?
A No, sir. I think he might have liked my breasts, but I did not mean to entice him.
Q Did you pose for another photo without your top on?
A Oh, dear. I may have. I had had so much to drink I really don't remember.
On the screen flashed a photo of Donna topless. She was bending over toward the camera smiling with her big tits hanging down in front of her. Her big blue eyes were beautiful in the photo, she appears happy and her boobs were unbelievable. All of the men in the room stared at the screen.
Q Is that a picture of you taken by Mr. Reasoner?
A Yes, sir.
Q Did you take your clothes off voluntarily?
A I guess so.
Q Is this another photo you posed for the night of the party?
This photo showed a side view of Donna who was then completely nude. Her breasts looked even better when the photo showed her entire skinny body. Johnson and videographer were staring openly at the photos.
A Yes, sir. That is me.
Q Would you agree that you look happy in this photo?
A Yes, sir.
Q Were you happy to be naked and posing for pictures for the owner of your company?
A I guess so.
Q Did you shake your breasts for Mr. Reasoner in an effort to get him in a compromising position with you?
A No, sir.
Q Lets look at some more video from the night in question to see if it refreshes your recollection.
A Oh, dear.
The video screen showed Donna taking off her jeans and then modestly turning around to remove her panties as Reasoner watched. Then she reached behind her and unhooked her bra. She looked over her shoulder at Reasoner and held the bra to her chest. Then, she slowly spun around to face Reasoner and dropped the bra to the floor. Reasoner is heard saying, "Oh, my God! Those are magnificent!" Then Donna laughed playfully and shook her giant tits from side to side. They were so large and firm that they kept moving for about ten or fifteen seconds after she stopped shaking. The deposition room was silent. Donna was blushing.
Q Does that video refresh your recollection that you shook your breasts to entice Mr. Reasoner?
A No, sir. I guess I did shake my breasts a little.
Q You did it to entice the owner of the company didn't you?
A I just wanted him to have fun and I thought he might like that.
Q Did you have a plan to file a claim against him and the company?
A No, sir. I thought he would like to see my breasts shake. Men seem to like that.
Q So, you show off your breasts for lots of men, is that right?
A No, but it is pretty obvious that some men like to look at my breasts and see them shake. I could tell Mr. Reasoner enjoyed it.
Q Next, you let Mr. Reasoner kiss you and touch your breasts and buttocks, correct?
A I remember him touching my breasts, but I don't remember about the buttocks. He touched my breasts a lot.
Q Maybe we should look at the video to see what you permitted him to do.
A Oh, my. I will take your word for it. We don't have to watch.
Q I don't want you to rely on me for your answers. Let's look at the video.
The video showed them kissing passionately. Donna was completely nude and Reasoner was completely dressed. He squeezed first one boob, then the other and sometimes both as they kissed. Donna could be heard moaning. After a while, the video showed him grabbing her little ass with both hands and pressing her into his crotch.
Q Miss Kelly, does that refresh your recollection that you let Mr. Reasoner touch your bare bottom?
A Yes, sir.
Q Next, you asked Mr. Reasoner if you could perform oral sex upon him using vulgar language, correct?
A No, sir. Well, it did happen, but not the way you suggested. I try to never use dirty language. Mr. Reasoner insisted that I use those vulgar words.
Q So, you are saying that it was him and not you who instigated the oral sex?
A Actually, what he instigated was the vulgar language. He wanted oral sex and eventually I told him I would do it.
Q Are you sure that is how it happened?
A Not really. I had had a lot to drink, so I may not be remembering everything.
Q Let's look at some photos to see if these refresh your recollection.
Then, a still photo appeared on the screen of Donna on her knees, smiling and posing with a large hard cock. The cock was near her face and in her hand.
Q In this photo, you appear to be happy to be posing with Mr. Reasoner's penis, correct?
A Yes, sir.
Donna was blushing and was not making eye contact with Dillard.
Q It was you who enticed Mr. Reasoner to do this with you, correct?
A No, sir. That is not completely right. Mr. Reasoner said that my boyfriend had told him that I had no gag reflex when performing oral sex. He did not use those words. He used some dirty words that I do not want to repeat. He asked me if that was true. I told him that it was true.
Q So you have a lot of experience performing oral sex, is that right?
A Do I have to answer that question?
Q Yes, Miss Kelly and you are under oath.
A Then the answer is yes I have quite a bit of experience performing oral sex.
Steve Johnson made an involuntary moaning sound.
Q And, in fact, you asked Mr. Reasoner to let you do it using vulgar language, correct?
A Not at first. My Moma taught me that a lady never uses profane language, so I try my best to never use dirty words.
Q Isn't it true Miss Kelly that you were the one who suggested oral sex and then eventually made the suggestion using profane language?
A I don't remember who said what.
Q Miss Kelly, why don't we look at the video to determine what was said. By the way, there were several cameras which recorded this activity from several different angles.
A Do we have to watch it in public like this?
Q Yes, Miss Kelly, this could be important.
The video started with Reasoner asking Donna if it was true that she had no gag reflex when she was sucking a dick. Donna said it was. Then, she said, "Do you want me to show you sir?"
Reasoner said that would be great, but he said that he wanted to hear her say that she wanted to suck his cock. Donna got down on her knees, reached for his belt and said, "I will put your thing in my mouth, sir."
"Tell me you want to suck my cock, Donna."
"I can't say that sort of thing, sir. My Moma taught me that a lady does not use that kind of language."
"You can say it, Donna. Tell me you want to suck my cock!"
"I will put your penis in my mouth, but a lady doesn't talk like that."
Donna now had his hard cock in her hand as he said, "Tell me you little bitch. Tell me you want to suck my cock!"
Donna looked shocked and hurt by his harsh words. "Sorry, sir. My Moma taught me that a lady shouldn't say those words."
"Donna, think about it. Would your Moma think you were acting like a lady when you are naked, on your knees before a man, with his hard cock in your hand offering to suck his cock. How about if I just promise not to tell your Moma that you used dirty words?"
Donna hesitated a moment and it was obvious that she was thinking about what he said. Then, she looked at him and said, "Sir, I want to suck your cock!"
She then put the head of his cock in her mouth. The video clip ended. Everyone in the room took a breath.
Q So, Miss Kelly would you agree that you were the one who first suggested oral sex?
A Yes, sir.
Q Isn't it true that your only hesitation was about using profane language, not about the sex act itself.
A That is right. He wanted to see if I had no gag reflex and I was willing to show him.
Q That is a good point. You did show him didn't you, Miss Kelly?
A Yes, sir.
Q You posed for another picture while you were showing him, right Miss Kelly?
A I guess so, I don't really remember.
Q Tell us about this photo, Miss Kelly.
The screen filled with a picture of Donna with her mouth down at the base of Reasoner's big cock. She is looking at the camera with her big blue eyes and her mouth is completely full of cock. Her cheeks are indented showing she is sucking. Her lips were just a fraction of an inch from Reasoner's pubic hair. Both Johnson and Dillard were breathing heavily. Donna looked and felt humiliated.
A Oh, gosh. He told me I looked beautiful and he wanted to take my picture. I knew better, but I let him do it. I scooted down so that I could look at him while his penis was in my mouth. This is so embarrassing!
Q So Mr. Reasoner is not only letting you perform oral sex on him like you wanted, but he is complimenting you by saying you look beautiful, correct.
A Actually, it was a backhanded sort of compliment.
Q What did he say?
A I can't use those words.
Q Go ahead, Miss Kelly. We understand that the words are not yours.
A He said, "You look beautiful with a dick in your mouth."
Q I understand that the compliment includes profane language, but why do you consider that a backhanded compliment, Miss Kelly?
A It suggests that I don't look beautiful when a penis is not in my mouth.
Donna asked to take a short break. While in the restroom, the court reporter came in and asked how Donna was holding up. Donna laughed and said that it was a little tough, but she thought she could get through it. Donna said to the reporter, "I guess you see things like this all of the time, don't you?"
The reporter replied, "I have been doing depositions for 25 years and have never seen anything like this. It must be so embarrassing to have those men analyze your sex life and look at those pictures and videos of you. I really feel sorry for you and hope you can make it through this."
Donna was surprised to hear that the deposition was unusual and decided to talk to Mr. Dillard about it.
When Donna returned to the office, Dillard, Johnson and videographer were watching a video on the screen when she opened the door. The video was quickly turned off when she entered.
"What are you guys watching?" she asked.
Dillard cleared his throat and said, "We were just getting prepared for the rest of the deposition."
Donna said, "Were you watching a video of me?"
"Yes, Miss Kelly. Don't worry, I will show you the video when we are back on the record."
The court reporter and Donna exchanged a look that said that the reporter felt sorry for Donna. Then Donna said, "Do we have to look at these embarrassing videos and pictures?"
Dillard replied, "Yes, Miss Kelly we need a record of what happened, so we know for sure all of the claims that are released. We don't take any pleasure in making you uncomfortable. This is my job."
"Okay, if we have to do it, I can make it," Donna said.
Donna did not want really see why the humiliating stuff was necessary, but Dillard made it sound like it was and she didn't feel confident enough to cross him. She also did not want to jeopardize the $25,000.
They went back on the record.
Q Miss Kelly, you used your skills at oral sex to try to get Mr. Reasoner into a compromising position, correct?
A No, sir. It seems like I was the one in a compromising position. I was the one on my knees.
Q Miss Kelly, you knew Mr. Reasoner owned a valuable company and was a happily married man, isn't that true.
A No, sir. I had no idea he was married.
Q Do you admit that you used your skill at oral sex to get Mr. Reasoner into a compromising position?
A No, sir. He wanted this to happen.
Q I think we better look at the video to refresh your recollection again.
The screen was then filled with a side shot of Donna on her knees with Reasoner's big cock in her mouth. Her big tits were bouncing as she bobbed her head on his cock. Then, Donna took a breath and swallowed his cock down to the base.
On the video, Reasoner screamed, "Oh my God! That is awesome! You are like a fucking sword swallower! You are an awesome cocksucker, Donna!"
Donna felt her cheeks turn bright red as she watched and listened.
Dillard stopped the video. Steve Johnson looked disappointed.
Q That was Mr. Reasoner complimenting you on your skills, isn't that right?
A I guess, but he called me a dirty name in the process.
Q You did not object to being called a dirty name at the time, did you Miss Kelly?
A No, sir, but it is hard to object when you have a penis in your mouth.
Q Miss Kelly, you did not take his penis out of your mouth long enough to object did you?
A No, sir.
Q By the way, Miss Kelly, the dirty name that he called you was accurate wasn't it?
A I don't understand your question.
Q To use his language, when Mr. Reasoner called you a quote "cocksucker," that was accurate, correct?
A Oh gosh. Yes, sir, I had his penis in my mouth when he said that, so I guess it was accurate. It was demeaning, but accurate.
Q It was not so demeaning that you stopped, correct?
A Yes, sir.
Q And, isn't it true that you are often complimented by men on your skills at oral sex?
A Yes, sir. Most men are more polite, but not having a gag reflex is an advantage when a penis is being put in your mouth.
Q Do you still say that you did not use your oral skills to put Mr. Reasoner in a difficult, compromising position?
A Yes, sir. I did not plan for him to be in a compromising position and I was just trying to show him that I did not have a gag reflex.
Q Why don't we look at some more of the video and see if you still think this was just a gag reflex demonstration?
The video came on the big screen and it showed Donna going to town on his cock. She would bob up and down on the cock going about halfway down his good sized cock and then would suck it to the base. You could see Reasoner's knees almost buckle when she went deep on the cock.
Reasoner screamed, "Oh, Donna! You are an amazing cocksucker! This is the best I ever had."
Donna enthusiastically sucked his dick and was moaning with the dick in her mouth. Reasoner then put his hands on her head and periodically crammed the hard cock into her throat. Donna did not seem to mind.
Then, the video showed Reasoner about to lose control. He said, "Donna, you are a big titted cocksucker! Aren't you Donna?" Donna did not answer. She kept sucking.
"Donna, tell me that your Moma's little girl is a cocksucking whore!"
Donna tried to mumble yes with the dick pumping in and out of her mouth.
"Tell me if your mother would be proud of her cocksucking daughter. Tell me what Moma would think if she could see her sweet little girl, who won't say a dirty word, with a big cock in her throat."
Donna pulled the cock out of her mouth looked at Reasoner and said, "My Moma would not be proud of me if she knew I was sucking your penis, sir."
With that, he started cumming all over Donna's face and tits. The cum went everywhere. The video showed Donna's tits and face glistening from the cum. Cum was in her dark hair. Donna clearly did not mind having the cum all over her. She appeared to enjoy it.
The video stopped.
Q Does this video refresh your recollection that you used your skills at oral sex to set up the company for a sexual harassment claim?
A No, sir. I did not know anything about sexual harassment. I had too much to drink and I let some men touch my breasts and we had some oral sex. I am not proud of it, but it happened.
Q Did Mr. Reasoner help you clean up after you finished?
A He actually had his secretary come in and help me clean off all of the sperm. It was humiliating for her to see me naked in his office covered in sperm.
Q He did get you help, correct?
A Yes, sir. His secretary was nice to me and she helped me get the sperm off of me and out of my hair. Mr. Reasoner calling her in made me feel like a slut.
Q Let's talk about the agreement you are about to sign releasing all of your claims against the company. Do you agree that you are releasing the company from all of your claims relating to the company party?
A Yes, sir.
Q Do you understand that you are releasing the company and all of its employees from all claims relating to the party even if they arise in the future?
A How can I release something I don't know about yet?
Q That is a good question. You are releasing for everything that arises from the company party even if the wrongful act or harm occurs after this date. If you raise a complaint, the $25,000 will have to be returned and the release can be used against you in court.
A Okay, I understand.
Dillard went over the rest of the terms and then the deposition concluded.
Steve Johnson said to Dillard, "I think I better have a copy of the deposition and the exhibits for my file."
Dillard said he could have a copy of the videos right away for his file and told Donna that he would send her a copy of the videos too.
Donna signed the papers and received her check. Johnson told her to go on home and that he would see her tomorrow.
Donna came home and told me all about it. She wanted me to lick her pussy as she told me about the deposition, the photos and the videos. She came several times and seemed to be completely turned on by the whole process.
The next day after class Donna went to work and was checking people out at the front of the store. A couple of the young college guys who worked part-time at the store were bagging groceries nearby. They kept looking at Donna and giggling.
When no customer was near, Donna smiled at them and asked them what was so funny.
They looked at each other and one of them said, "We were just talking about how you look beautiful with a dick in your mouth."