There was no way that Claire was going to accomplish anything productive that afternoon, so she spent the next few hours wandering the downtown shops.
The butterflies in her stomach wouldn't go away. She kept flipping back and forth emotionally between feeling so excited she was tingling from her jawbone to her toes, and feeling so appalled at herself for agreeing to do something so crass and demeaning that she wanted to call and cancel.
Finally, the fact that she'd made a commitment tipped the scales. She was there at 6pm with the other six V-pups, ready to be transformed into a playful puppy for the entertainment of the investors.
The first thing for Claire was the face-painting. Given the variety of different jobs that Ms. Perston's agency served, she had a great makeup artist and Claire thought they did a really good job. Her slightly wavy brunette hair was long enough that she almost always wore it in a pony-tail, but the makeup artist chose to leave it loose and placed a headband with fuzzy ears over her head. She thought she looked cute, but not like she was about to attend a six-year-old's birthday party. The face-paint didn't obscure her face as well as a mask, but in the unlikely event that there was someone she knew at the event, she doubted they'd recognize her.
It's not as though anyone would be looking at her face.
With that done, it was only 20 minutes before the start of the reception, so she took off all her clothes. Claire opened up the box labelled "Bubbles", took out the collar and tail and once again set about lubing and inserting the butt plug.
This was really about to happen. The familiar combination of apprehension and excitement gripped her. Compared to her art class modelling, and even being a naked extra in a movie, this time the intensity was on a totally different level. She had to sit for a moment and get her breathing under control.
What the fuck am I doing? she asked herself.
With ten minutes to go, Claire had on the entire costume. They'd matched her skin colour fairly well for the stick on knee pads and the mittens.
She was on her hands and knees waiting, looking at the door that they'd be going through. They'd be going out into the garden which was currently bathed in the bright golden sunlight of a late-June evening, and they'd emerge into a reception of well-fed, slightly drunk, and no doubt wealthy investors.
Mark and Maggie had checked on all of them, connecting and testing the Veritail operating system. Claire felt the slight expansion of the plug and each of the different vibrations. She felt herself getting more and more turned on, just as feelings of terror were building.
She and Liana were the only ones who had opted to go completely naked. Liana looked so edgy with all her tattoos and piercings. She'd opted for black leather gloves and black athletic kneepads and shoulder pads compared to Claire's cute face-paint, mostly invisible knee pads and pink mittens. As a result, Claire couldn't help feeling REALLY exposed.
She was looking over at Liana and then noticed that she had added a black thong. Claire couldn't see, but she must have put a hole in it for the Veritail to go through.
Liana wasn't completely naked!
Liana glanced at Claire and must have noticed the horrified look on her face. "Yeah, I covered up a bit," she said. "I'm hoping to make as much money on tips as possible. When Eliza said they can ask for anything they want, I figured the best tips will come from letting them have a bit of hands-on. I have no problem with that, I'll even let them give me a few swats on my ass if they want to call me a bad dog. But I'm not okay with some guy I can't even see having his hands on my ass, with my snatch bare and wide open. I know this is a safe event, but dudes will be dudes, you know?"
Holy fuck! Claire thought. I'm the only one completely naked!
She couldn't even run back to put more on because she hadn't worn underwear under her leggings today.
Her heart started pounding even harder. She felt like she might have a panic attack. She reminded herself that she was anonymous, she could say no to any "interaction" that she didn't want. She was in control. This would be over in a couple of hours and she'd have a memory of having done something incredibly daring and sexy.
... and SO incredibly slutty, she thought.
She was horny, vulnerable and terrified. This is what she wanted, but she was definitely taking it further than she'd ever imagined. She was going to be the centre of so much attention. She pushed down another wave of panic. She tried to think of anything that could go wrong that would bring even more attention to her.
"Snap out of it!" Claire told herself. It was like riding a roller-coaster. She wanted to FEEL scared and out of control, but this was a completely controlled situation.
She gave her bum a little wag to test that the tail was working and immediately felt a bit better. It was like the tail wanted to be wagged and in return it would give her freedom from whatever might be troubling her. She wagged a little more and let herself be infected by a bit of happy playfulness. She slowly felt a grin spread across her face. She felt joyful and she channelled that joy back into more wagging. The tail created a happiness feedback loop.
She let that sensation displace her anxiety and pretty soon she was letting herself be taken over by the enthusiasm that she imagined her Bubbles persona would be feeling right then.
The excitement came over her so quickly she couldn't contain it. "Arf!" she said and wagged her tail even harder. "Arf!"
Her fellow V-pups all started wagging and barking, too.
Eliza walked up from behind them and up to the door. She looked incredibly stylish and confident.
"Alright, alright. Calm down!" she said, grinning down at them, and at Claire in particular who had got them all barking. "I'm going to walk out first, then I'm going to introduce each of you one at a time so everyone knows your name. There's a pillow for each of you along the wall with a name plate. I'd like you to come out when I call you and go and sit on your pillow while I explain everything to our guests. Do you all understand?"
"Arf!" Claire said enthusiastically, giving Eliza another wag. She couldn't help it, she was grinning madly. The others all followed her lead.
"Okay, Bubbles, you seem to be really enjoying this," Eliza addressed Claire directly. "I need one of you to help me with some demonstrations. Will you do that for me?"
Claire wondered what that would entail. Eliza was a beautiful, sexy woman and Claire had admired her the instant she'd seen her. The contrast could not have been more extreme. Eliza was fully clothed in what Claire could only think of as a woman's power suit. She was looking right at Claire. If Claire had been wearing the nicest clothes she owned, she would have felt invisible next to this amazing woman. At that moment, Claire was naked on her hands and knees with her cute face-paint and puppy ears headband. She was looking up at Eliza and the power imbalance couldn't have made her feel more foolish. She blushed deeply. The sensible part of her told her that agreeing to help with demonstrations, not knowing what they may be, was REALLY stupid, but she couldn't say no to this amazing woman. She tried to sink deeper into her Bubbles persona. Claire forced herself to give her best shrugging "arf?" to say "why not", and followed it up with a confirmation wag.
Eliza smiled, nodded and turned to the door. "Show time!" she said.
Claire fought hard to stay in the Bubbles character. She had to push the increasingly scared, naked human girl further down. The full enormity of what was about to happen was unloading on her. She was about to crawl out that door into the late June evening sunshine on her hands and knees stark naked in front of a crowd of men. Why had she agreed to help with demonstrations? She was now the only one of the seven who was completely naked, so she was already going to get more than her share of everyone's attention. Helping with demonstrations would mean that absolutely everyone's eyes would be on her.
Oh God!
Claire was the third one to be announced when Eliza called out, "Bubbles!".
She forced herself to get moving out the door. The first thing she noticed was that it wasn't all men. There were an awful lot of suits but also some expensive dresses. There was applause as each of them came out and it got noticeably louder for her. There were some loud whistles. It seemed odd that everyone would clap for a stark naked girl crawling on her hands and knees. But she knew what was expected of her, so she barked and wagged as she made her way to sit like an obedient puppy on the dog bed with the Bubbles name plate.
Like before, wagging her tail immediately helped settle her mood. I'm role-playing, she told herself, the more I immerse myself in being a puppy, the less terrifying this will be.
She also noticed that there were too many guests there for her to see them all. There must have been more than a hundred in attendance.
In order that all of the guests could see Claire and the rest of the Veritail Puppies enter and go their respective pillows, there was a great big screen mounted above them on the wall. It must have been ten feet wide. Claire then spotted the guy with the camera.
This was exactly what her inner exhibitionist had been craving, but being completely naked on her hands and knees in front of so MANY men in suits, outside in bright sunshine, and with the added obscenity of having a tail plugged into her ass made the experience incredibly intense. She thought she might scream or burst out in tears. It was a reception, so everyone was holding drinks. They were smiling, laughing and looking intently at her and the other V-pups. Claire had to purposely avoid looking at the crowd of leering faces and just looked at Eliza as she went over the details of how things would work.
Claire kind of zoned out for a bit until she heard Eliza say, "Bubbles, could you come up here, please?" Eliza was looking directly at her, and when Claire didn't move immediately, Eliza tapped her own thigh twice and said, "here Bubbles!"
Oh shit! Claire thought. Everyone is looking right at me!
She fought down the beginnings of hyperventilation and forced herself deeper into the role-play persona.
Claire said, "arf!", leaned down to pick up her leash with her mouth, using the special extra handle, and walked over. Eliza took the leash and guided Claire up a ramp to a table top. On the table, on her hands and knees, Claire's head came up to Eliza's shoulder. The guy with the camera was right in front of her, so Claire knew that her face would be visible to everyone on the huge screen behind her.
Her face and her completely naked body.
Her heart was pounding. She was actually shivering with anxiety from the intensity of having ALL the attention on her.
Just focus on Eliza. Just focus on being Bubbles, Claire thought to herself.
"Let me introduce Bubbles," Eliza said into a headset microphone. She was smiling. "Bubbles is not her real name. She is not actually a playful little puppy."
Eliza was completely in charge and Claire was just a prop. All eyes were on Claire because she was naked with the Veritail plugged into her bum, but all the attention was on what Eliza was saying.
"From what I was told," Eliza continued, "before this event, Bubbles had not even inserted an anal plug!" This got both laughs and some whistles from the audience.
Claire blushed the deepest red ever. How could she say such an embarrassing, humiliating thing? Claire couldn't focus on staying in the Bubbles persona with Eliza saying things like that!
"What is she doing?" Claire thought. "She's not going to start interviewing me, is she?" If Eliza wanted her to talk to the crowd in English, Claire was pretty sure her voice would crack and she'd start crying.
"Is that right, Bubbles?" Eliza asked her.
It was just a yes/no question so Claire said, "Arf!" It was a relief to wag her tail and just be Bubbles, but a horrified part of her acknowledged that she had just admitted to all the rich, older, successful businessmen crowded around that she'd basically popped her anal cherry for their entertainment.
"We wanted you to see some of the diversity of individuals that might use our product, so each of our Veritail puppies chose their own costume for tonight," Eliza said, causing another intense flush of embarrassment to wash through Claire. She'd CHOSEN to be stark naked with cute face-paint and doggy ears, and now everyone knew it. "Bubbles is the only one who has fully embraced her inner exhibitionist," Eliza was interrupted by an enthusiastic burst of whistling. "We should definitely applaud her courage, and that makes her the perfect choice to help me with this demonstration. Yes, she is a beautiful, sexy woman, so it's difficult to not be distracted by her lovely nude body, but when she wags the Veritail and barks, it's impossible not to see her as a puppy."
Eliza gestured at Claire and gave her a nod. "Arf! Arf!" Claire said and wagged her tail.
"The Veritail is all that is needed to get everyone fully engaged in the intended role-play," Eliza said above many impressed murmurs from the onlookers.
"Even more impressive," Eliza went on, "is that Bubbles, who as I just mentioned, is a FIRST TIME anal plug user, and the other Veritail puppies only put on their collars and tails EARLIER TODAY for the FIRST TIME! None of them has had more than 30 minutes to get used to it."
Eliza is making a pitch, Claire realized. This made sense, since the product was through the development phase, but production had only just begun. They probably needed a fresh infusion of cash from these investors to make sure they got to market as quickly as possible. Eliza didn't want her to talk, she just wanted to establish how easily Claire had been able to make it work.
And she probably wanted Claire to express how great it felt.
"The Veritail is INCREDIBLY easy to set up and use. Look at how happy Bubbles and the other Veritail puppies are when they get it wagging." Claire obliged Eliza by giving the tail a hearty wag. "What do you think of it, Bubbles?" Eliza asked her. "Do you like it?"
Claire's enthusiasm was what Eliza wanted, and the Veritail did, after all, feel and work almost unbelievably great. Claire felt relieved to know exactly what was expected of her, and even after being publicly embarrassed by what she'd said, she didn't want to disappoint Eliza.
"Arf! Arf! Arf!" Claire said, and wagged her tail as hard as she could.
The crowd applauded enthusiastically.
Claire might even buy one for herself when they became available!
Eliza held up a treat. These were the same appetizers that were being offered to the guests, except that they were each in little muffin paper linings so the V-pups could take them with their mouths without them being touched by other people. Claire didn't think that hygiene was usually a big consideration for pet role-playing fetishists, so she appreciated the consideration.
Claire realized that Eliza was waiting for her to beg, so she obliged, making a point of smiling and wagging her tail happily as she sat back on her heels and held her enmittened hands in a begging position in front of her. She could see the cameraman pointing the camera at her, no doubt giving the crowd an exceptional view of her bare tits and shaved pussy.
Obeying Eliza, and being so completely exposed to everyone flipped Claire's exhibitionist switch all the way on. All at once, she was embarrassed, terrified, ashamed and as horny has she'd ever been in her life.
"Arf!" she said, continuing to wag, and Eliza fed her the treat. The crowd clapped and whistled.
Eliza proceeded to demonstrate how the payment process worked with Claire's help. Eliza explained as she negotiated a price and paid using the app on her phone and Claire growled, said "arf!", "woof!" and "ruf?" as prompted. Eliza explained how the vibrations in the collar and the anal plug worked and Claire said "arf!" and wagged her tail to indicate that it was working.
Claire blocked thoughts about how her friends and family would have reacted if they'd seen her. If they'd have been able to get past sheer disbelief, they would have all said she was debasing herself in front of this crowd. But every time she wagged her tail, it was such an expression of pure joy. It infected her and she couldn't help feeding that joy back into more wagging.
If she could manage to stop thinking about how crazy this was, and let go of all the embarrassment, shame and fear, Claire felt that pure happiness and intense sexual excitement would wash over her.
After Eliza successfully completed a demo of the system, she smiled at Claire and said, "good girl!" She stroked her neck under her chin, gave her some pats on her head and back, and offered her another treat. Claire obliged by saying "arf!" and sitting back on her heals again to beg.
Somebody in the crowd said, "can we get a closer look at how the tail works?"
Eliza looked at Claire and paused for a moment before she said, "you wouldn't mind that would you Bubbles?"
Claire didn't know what that meant. Before she could respond, Eliza turned to the crowd and said, "I just met Bubbles this afternoon. I haven't heard her speak, other than in her current role-playing persona. I haven't discussed this with her beforehand, so just like when you ask if you can take her for a walk or play tug-of-war with her, she can say arf, or grrrr. to anything I ask of her now."
Eliza started to turn back to Claire, but then, just to get some laughs and whistles, she added, "and no, I haven't seen what she looks like with her clothes on, either."
Claire should have spent a moment trying to visualize what it would be like for Eliza to give everyone a closer look at how the tail works, but instead she was reminded again at how amazing Eliza was. She'd been casually joking with this large crowd of wealthy investors, getting them laughing. She had them eating out of the palm of her hand. Eliza was beautiful, confident and powerful. Claire didn't want to disappoint her. Instead of being sensible and saying "grrrrr", Claire focused on being the best Bubbles she could be. She said "arf?" while tilting her head.
"Here, let's just get you turned the other way, Bubbles," Eliza said and used her hands to guide Claire to a position on her hands and knees facing the other way. "There's a good girl. Now get into your playing position and give us a nice wag."
Claire understood that this meant that she was to stay on her knees, and lower her upper body down to her elbows. "For fuck's sake," she thought. Her feelings of embarrassment and shame flooded back as she did as she was told. Now that she was facing away from the crowd, she could clearly see the huge screen. It was completely filled by a zoomed-in view of her bare ass. In that position, her knees being a couple of feet apart, everyone was getting spectacular view of her spread pussy.
"If any of you are thinking that this view is a bit much," Eliza said, "remember where I work. And remember the product you've invested in. Those of you that have toured our test facility know that you can't turn around without seeing someone penetrating an orifice with one thing or another." This got more chuckles from the crowd. "Just be thankful that Bubbles is an attractive young woman, and not Tim from accounting again. Nobody needs to see more of hairy Tim."
Eliza's casual jokes managed to put everyone at ease, except for Claire. This was exhibitionism taken to an extreme that she hadn't ever even imagined. Claire was horrified. She was also so turned on that she could barely think.
"Could you zoom in a little closer on the plug, Ed?" Eliza said. Claire could see Eliza's hand to the left on the screen pointing at the insertion point of the butt plug.
Ed obliged. Claire could feel Eliza take the tip of the Veritail and press it to the middle of her back so that it was pulled up and away to give a better view of the plug's insertion point. Eliza was also pushing down a little, which caused Claire to arch her back downwards and push her bum upwards.
"Bubbles, give us just a small, slow wag, please." Eliza said.
It was very difficult for Claire to speak at that moment, but she managed to say, "arf," and wagged her bum just a little bit. Ed had zoomed in so close that the visible, flared part of the plug, and her anus which it was visibly sticking out of, moved almost all the way across the screen from side to side.
The crowd of investors were watching the big screen closely and could see, just as Claire could, how a ball joint above the flare moved relative to the swaying of her bum.
"Bubbles has cleaned this area up very nicely," Eliza said, "but the ball joint you see has been engineered and tested very carefully to make sure that hairs can't get caught. Hairy Tim deserves some credit for being brave enough to test various versions of that feature."
Someone said, "Ouch!" Everyone laughed.
"Exactly!" Eliza agreed and then gestured again to the insertion point of Veritail. "The tail matches the motion of Bubbles' wag and mimics that of a real dog's wag. It also responds to clenching and pelvic floor movements."
Eliza laughed and continued, "I can't do this amazing technology justice. Tonight's event is in appreciation of all of you, our investors, but it is also an opportunity to honour the work of the robotics genius who engineered this marvel. Professor Narashaki, would you be willing to come up here and help?"
A little alarm bell went off in Claire's head. Why did that name sound familiar?
"Dr. Yoshito Narashaki is a professor of robotics at New Exeter University. Without his work, this would not be possible."
"Oh, thank you very much." Professor Narashaki said as he stepped up next to Eliza. Claire desperately wanted to turn her head to see if she recognized him, but she just kept looking forward, and the cameraman frustratingly kept the camera zoomed in on the Veritail sprouting out of her anus. Although Eliza had let go of the tip, Claire continued to wag her tail slowly. The sensation helped sooth her ongoing panic and a creeping feeling of apprehension.
"A couple of years ago, I never would have imagined my work being applied in this manner," Dr. Narashaki said, "but it really is a perfect implementation. The unit senses the external oscillations of the host, and the mini-robot creates sympathetic oscillations in the ball joint and all along the articulated structure of the tail. We used machine learning to adjust the timing and strength of each individual oscillation."
"You mean the Veritail uses A.I.?" someone in the crowd asked.
"Sort of," Dr. Narashaki said, "the machine learning algorithms were trained on many examples of wagging dog tails in order to create the baseline motion, which were then universally implemented in the units. There are some rudimentary algorithms coded into the individual units that adapt to and adjust for the unique motions of the host, but I wouldn't call those A.I."
"It's amazing!" someone said and there was a burst of enthusiastic applause. Even on display in such a humiliating posture, Claire had to agree.
"Dr. Narashaki, to show our appreciation," Eliza said, "we've loaded your app with a couple hundred dollars of playtime credits with the Veritail Puppies this evening." The credits were how Claire and the other V-pups would receive tips in exchange for their interactions with the clients.
"Although my wife isn't here tonight," Dr. Narashaki said, "I am a happily married man. The playtime credits are very much appreciated, but I don't think that I can make use of them. Could I possibly transfer them to my graduate students? You graciously allowed me to bring them as my guests tonight. Without even knowing how their work was to be implemented, they worked very diligently on this project for me and I'm sure they would make good use of the credits."
"Of course," Eliza said, "why don't you bring them up here?"
Oh no! The alarm in Claire's head suddenly became a blaring claxon. Dr. Narashaki was the robotics prof that Russel, Steve and Kyle had been working with.
There was an agonizing pause during which Claire felt her whole world come crashing down. Then sure enough, Steve's voice sounded right behind her. "Wow, thanks Dr. N!" and then to Eliza, "thank you ma'am." He didn't say anything to Claire.
Claire couldn't turn around to look at them, but she was pretty sure that three of her best friends were now just a few feet behind her, where they were being treated to a view that, thanks to her current position, featured everything between her legs completely exposed as obscenely as Claire could imagine.
Had they recognized her? No! Not possible! They'd have said something!
They absolutely couldn't find out! Even if they were kind and didn't tell anyone else, she would just die! It was too embarrassing! It was too humiliating!
"We were just coding and testing. Um... we had no idea what the application was," said Kyle. "This is so crazy! How does it even stay in, when... um... Bubbles wags really... um... enthusiastically?"
"Good question," said Eliza. "The plug part of the Veritail," Eliza paused here and Claire could see her hand really close to her anus, pointing, "the part that's inside, is encased in a thick silicone layer that can be inflated after insertion. The plug senses how loose it is and dynamically expands and contracts to maintain the perfect fit."
Eliza spoke to Claire, "Bubbles, don't be alarmed, I'm just going to give the Veritail a little tug. It won't come out." Claire's eyes went wide as she felt Eliza pulling on the plug. Eliza addressed the crowd again, "Bubbles is completely new to anal insertion, so she is using the smallest plug attachment for the Veritail. Despite that, it stays in for even the most vigorous wagging and the engineers have worked very hard to ensure optimal comfort."
Claire felt the plug expand as Eliza tugged lightly on it. She was reminded how lewdly she was being penetrated in front of everyone - in front of her 3 friends. She really hoped that nobody heard her involuntary whimper.
Eliza let go of the tail and then asked Claire to confirm how comfortable the Veritail felt in her ass. She had to pause to inhale and control her breath before she said, "arf," in confirmation. The Veritail was entirely comfortable, but everything else about her situation, especially now that Russel, Steve and Kyle were standing right behind her, was incredibly uncomfortable.
Wave after wave of shame washed over Claire. As her fantasy seemed to be crashing down around her, Claire realized that she was still wagging the tail.
It was like the tail was reassuring her that everything was going to be okay. Her friends would love her no matter what. Everyone loved a dog that was wagging its tail.
"Congratulations on your excellent work, gentlemen," Eliza said to Russel, Steve and Kyle. "Neil will take care of transferring the credits over to you. Is there any one of the Veritail Puppies that you'd particularly like to play with?"
There was a pause while her friends must have been confirming with one another. Please don't pick me! Claire prayed. Please don't pick me!
"We'd be super happy to play with Bubbles for a bit, please," said Steve.
Claire's heart sank. It seemed that they didn't already know that Bubbles was actually her, but the more time she spent with them, they'd be bound to figure it out.
"I'm not at all surprised," Eliza said, "Bubbles is a very pretty girl, isn't she?" Eliza could have been referring to her as she would refer to an actual female puppy, or she could have been referring to her as a young human woman. That was weird.
Eliza's tone changed. "I think that Bubbles is going to be very busy tonight." It was clear that she understood that these 3 boys were not who she needed to impress that evening. The demonstration was over. Eliza paused and Claire imagined that she was thinking of the best way to get them out of her hair so she could concentrate on raising more investor cash. "Why don't you give Bubbles some time to circulate among the other guests. Near the end of the evening, I'm sure you'll have a chance to play with her a bit."
Claire's friends mumbled some thank-yous and shuffled away as Eliza shifted her attention back to the crowd.
Eliza indicated that Claire could rise up from her playing stance, back to being on all fours. It was a slightly less humiliating position, but Claire was eager to get off the table and to start thinking of a way to avoid having to interact directly with Russel, Steve and Kyle.
"Seeing as we have Bubbles in this position, and I can see from your stares that many of you are just as interested in THIS suite of products," Eliza waved her hands, clearly indicating Claire's genitals, "as you are in OUR new product." That got a whole lot of laughs. Whatever protective cloak from reality the role-playing had been providing Claire was already completely gone. She felt like what she was: a stark naked girl, collared, leashed, on all fours being displayed for the entertainment of a crowd of men. And the men, standing around sipping drinks, chatting and laughing when Eliza referred to her genitals as a product, were definitely entertained. The men laughing, and the fact that Claire could see her own bare pussy many times larger than life on the screen, only deepened her shame and remorse for indulging her exhibitionist urges.
"As pretty as it is," Eliza continued, again gesturing at Claire's genitals, "THAT is not what we're here for. I'll say it again, Bubbles is hired staff. Bubbles, and our other product demonstrators are NOT sex workers. Bubbles is being well paid to play this role, but she didn't have to be naked. That said, we're here to launch a sex toy, so none of us are going to complain that a young, attractive woman decided to take off all her clothes to demonstrate our product. Bubbles is just one excellent example of many potential Veritail customers. As are the rest of the Veritail puppies." Eliza gestured to the other V-pups along the wall, smiled and there was more applause.
For Claire, it all felt like too much. She didn't know how much more she could take.
"Other than sexual acts, you can ask our Veritail Puppies for any service you would like," Eliza still had more to say. "A good example would be a fixed number of minutes of pats." There was a fair bit of applause and a few whistles. Having felt all the shame she could handle, having the possibility of any number of these men placing their hands on her, tugged Claire in the complete opposite direction. Yup, she was still crazily turned on!
"I want to be completely clear about a couple of things. First, all services are provided entirely at the discretion of the Veritail Puppy you request them from. The growl that they use to say 'no' is as much a demonstration of the flexibility of our product as is them saying 'yes'. And grrrrr means grrrrr."
Eliza looked at Claire, while still addressing the crowd. "In that I just met Bubbles, I have no idea if she will accept pats from me. For the sake of demonstration, let's find out." Eliza smiled at Claire and looked her in the eyes. "Bubbles, may I give you some pats?"
Claire supposed that Eliza might have wanted her to growl to make her point, but she thought it more likely that she wanted to talk more about boundaries. Also, it still felt impossible to say no to Eliza. Claire said, "arf!" and wagged her tail.
Addressing the crowd, Eliza said, "this is the point where you would go through that same interaction payment process we just demonstrated. I'm going to skip that, but rest assured that Bubbles is going to get a very nice bonus for helping with all of this."
Eliza smiled and looked down at Claire while scratching the back of her head with one hand and caressing her neck under her chin with the other. "When you pat a dog, you don't pat their genitals," Eliza said. "This is a product demonstration, not a sex party, and we require that everyone here be respectful of that distinction. No overtly sexual touching will be tolerated."
Eliza moved her hands over Claire's shoulders down to her lower back. "If you're having a nice pat session with your chosen Veritail Puppy, and they growl at you, you must stop patting immediately."
"Grrrr!" Claire said and Eliza immediately removed her hands.
"Arf!" Claire said and wagged her tail to confirm that Eliza could continue patting her. Claire was surprised by how amazing it felt get pats from Eliza.
"If they growl at you twice in succession, our security will be alerted. If they growl 3 times, security is on the way," Eliza explained. "Even if your puppy doesn't growl, it should be easy for you to exercise an appropriate degree of discretion. For example, I have a dog at home and I often rub his chest." Eliza stood in front of Claire and rubbed her hand down the middle of her chest between her breasts. "But there's a big difference between a chest rub and squeezing some nice tits." Eliza didn't actually touch Claire's breasts but she gestured at them and raised her eyebrows. Claire had been turned on since the moment she inserted the tail, and her nipples couldn't get any harder, but she did experience a brief fantasy of what it would be like if Eliza had actually squeezed her tits right then, in front of that crowd. It was a good thing she was in a stable position on her hands and knees.
"Similarly," Eliza continued, "my dog Rodger likes to squeeze between my legs and have me vigorously rub and pat his haunches." Claire's bum was still facing the crowd. Eliza stood next to her and, with her left hand on her back, she rubbed and patted Claire's left hip, outer thigh and ass cheek with her right hand. "But again there's a big difference between that kind of rub down and an ass grope." Claire could see on the big screen that Eliza was gesturing toward Claire's very naked bum.
"The bottom line is that you and your Veritail Puppy have to be respectful of those distinctions. Our security team can't be monitoring every interaction at all times, but they will be watching." Eliza then took both hands off Claire and got serious as the camera focused on her face. "Any touching of genitals or the Veritail itself, including the point of insertion, are COMPLETELY OFF LIMITS. Any transgressions will be equivalent to a violation of your NDA as per the agreement you signed this evening. You will be fined and our security staff will deal with you very harshly."
"With that said, I'd like to say a huge thank you to Bubbles for helping me demonstrate all of this." Claire found herself blushing as the crowd gave her some very enthusiastic applause. "And with that, let's get this party started!" Eliza gave Claire a playful swat on her bum to send her walking down the ramp.