My grandmother, Barbara Benson was born in the late 1890s. By the time the depression came along, she had been married and divorces twice. She had two kids, a boy and a girl, but neither plays a part in my story. They were already out on their own. Betty Carson and Beatrice Swanson, on the other hand play a major role as they made up the "gang" that followed Barbara's every whim.
Betty, Bea, and Babs made up the B-girl Bandits. Betty was the driver, Bea as the muscle, the mean one of the bunch, and Babs was the brains. The only picture I have of them is from 1933 and shows them standing alongside a late twenties black Ford parked on the side of a dirt road.
What is so interesting about the photo is not the pump shotgun my grandmother has resting on top of her shoulder or the .45 caliber Thomason machinegun Bea was holding, but the fact that all three are nude. All three had on hats, thigh high stockings, high heel shoes, with a cigarette dangling from their lips and nothing more. Talk about scandalous.
The black and white picture shows my grandmother's short blonde hair on both ends but her eyebrows were jet black. Her breasts were the largest by far but full and round, high on her chest. I remember her as thin but the photo shows a more rounded, meat and potatoes figure.
Bea had dark hair on her head and dark hair on her sex. Her breasts were small but full with large dark circles under small hard nipples. She was slender with curves but had a hard no nonsense face. Her stockings on the other hand were the most feminine of the group.
Betty was the shortest of the three, with dark hair on her head and no hair on her sex. Her breasts were small like Bea's were but they appeared more pear shaped. Her shoes also had less heel and were more suited to driving. She was also the only one who wore a watch.
Overall, they were a sexy and dangerous looking group.
*****
"Bea, give the nice man back his watch. He's not charging us for the pictures," Betty said softly.
"Only because we've got the guns," Bea replied as she cradled the Thompson across her body under her breasts.
Babs chuckled and looked at Bea. "Give the old man his watch back. We don't need it. We don't need the pictures either but they were fun to take."
Bea frowned even deeper than normal but she reached into the front seat of the car and retrieved the old pocket watch from the seat. The old man had finished putting his equipment away in his car. As he turned around, Bea tossed him the watch saying, "Make sure those pictures get to the Post Office Box Babs gave you or I'll come back and take a whole bunch more than that watch."
"Be nice," Babs said to Bea before she turned to the old man. "Thank you. We enjoyed having our pictures taken and I hope you enjoyed it also."
The old man grinned. "Three lovely naked ladies. What's not to like? It beats the hell out of taking baby pictures."
"Making baby pictures would be even more fun," Betty said with a giggle.
"Down girl," Bea said, "You'd kill the old fart."
"But what a way to go," the old man said with a wink at Betty. Then he opened the door to his car and got in. "You ladies have a nice day."
As he drove away, Betty glanced at her watch. "We'd better get a move on if we want to make that general store before they close up."
Bea looked at Babs. "Why the general store and not the bank?"
"The bank is broke and the general store is taking land from the local farmers to cover their over priced credit debts. That doesn't sit well with me." Babs replied as she opened the back door of the car. "Mount up ladies, we have people to do and places to be."
All three took a moment to put on long black dusters before they got into the car. None buttoned them up. That is what had started the picture taking session. The old man had been taking pictures of a herd of cows when the three stopped to watch. They very seldom button the dusters up unless they were in a big city.
It had started out as a joke but had not worked out that way. No one had ever given an accurate description of any of them after a robbery. The men were too busy looking at flashing body parts and the women were too embarrassed to look. It also kept a bunch of their exploits out of the papers. No one wanted to write about naked bandits. If they did, they didn't publish it.
*****
Dixon was a typical small town along the railroad line that ran through the area. A small local bank, the general store, a rooming house with a restaurant, a dress store, a feed store, and a blacksmith shop made up the town. Less than a hundred people lived there but it serviced three times that many farmers. The nearest sheriff's office was fifty miles away.
Betty drove into town slowly and pulled up in front of the general store. Babs and Bea got out on the sidewalk side of the car. The dusters hid their guns as they crossed the sidewalk. Babs opened the door and Bea entered drawing the Thompson out into the open as she did so. Babs entered, flipped the closed sign around to show closed, and moved the shotgun to the top of her shoulder as she crossed to the counter.
The man behind the counter had a shocked expression on his face but it was not at the appearance of the guns but at the way, Babs's coat was pulled open exposing her naked body. "We're here for the cash and for the deeds in your safe," she said to him.
He glanced at her face and then his eyes went back to her breasts. "I, uh, don't have any cash or deeds in the safe that I know of," he said off handedly as his eyes dropped to her sex.
"Are you sure?" Bea asked as she leveled the machinegun in his direction.
His eyes moved to her for a second and then returned to Babs exposed body as he nodded his head. "I'm quite sure."
"Why don't you and I go in the back and check on that safe," Babs said as she walked to the end of the counter.
The guy took a deep breath now that Babs's charms were out of his sight as she walked away from him. When she rounded the end of the counter the duster was even more open than before. He groaned softly as his eyes ran up and down her lush body. "I can't do that. My wife would kill me."
"I can save her the trouble," Bea said with a nasty smile.
"But I don't own the store, my wife does. It was her fathers and I worked for him," the man protested. "I've never had the combination to the safe."
"Where is she?" Bea asked quickly.
"Uh, she has a wedding dress fitting at the dress shop next door. She owns that also," the man blurted out quickly.
Babs paused and looked at Bea. "Looks like I need to go visiting on my own while you keep this one occupied."
Bea nodded. "I don't like us splitting up but...."
Babs grinned as she headed back around the counter. "Why don't you take our friend here in the back room and tie him to a chair. You can take off your duster and let him have a good look at your charms while I go get the wife."
Bea smiled shyly and then grinned. "You know I don't like showing off as much as you and Betty but.... It might get to be even more fun when the wife shows up and I'm prancing around in front of hubby all nude and everything."
As Babs went past Bea on the way to the door, she whispered, "I'd tell you to rub some on him but we better wait until we see what the wife is like."
"A total bitch," the man said. "Just don't tell her I ever said that. I like my balls where they are, thank you."
"I didn't know you had any," Bea said with a wink at Babs.
Babs paused at the door to tuck the shotgun under her coat before she opened it. Outside, she paused by the car to fill Betty in and then headed next door.
When she opened the dress shop door and stepped inside, she saw four women. A young one in a white wedding gown was on a raised platform. Another young one stood close by and was probably a sister. An older woman stood in front of the bride and looked enough like her to be the mother. The fourth woman was bent at the waist working on the back of the dress.
Not looking up or around the bride, the woman working on the dress said, "Have a seat, I'll be with you in a moment."
Babs had been holding the duster closed but as she started across the room, she left go of the opening and raised the shotgun to rest it on top of her shoulder. The duster opened up and the three women facing her had shocked looks on their faces. Babs grinned. It was an expression she was very used too.
As she reached the platform and stepped up onto it, Babs said, "I'm afraid I need all of you next door and I don't have a lot of time."
"What?" the woman bent over said as she straightened. Seeing Babs right in front of her, she looked confused for a second and then asked, "Who are you?"
Babs lowered the shotgun and then tapped the woman on the forehead lightly with it. "No questions--" she started to say but she had to quickly reach out and grab the woman by the front of the blouse before she fell backwards off the platform. Several button popped on the front of the blouse as she pulled the woman back upright.
"Help!" the woman yelled and Babs tapped her again. The woman did not move back this time as Babs still had a hold on her blouse but another button came undone.
The woman had a dazed look in her eyes as Babs said, "What part of shut up didn't you understand."
The woman's eyes focused and then got big. "You're... you're that flossy...."
Babs shook her head as she tapped the woman a third time. The woman sagged and ended up on one knee. "Some people are just downright stupid," she whispered as she let go of the woman.
The bride had moved over by her sister and the mother was behind them both. "I have no real business with you three ladies but I can't have you running all over town so.... If you would be so kind as to escort...." Babs looked around at the shop owner. "What's your name?"
The woman gave her a groggy look and said, "Doris."
Looking back at the three women, Babs said, "If you would escort Doris here, next door, then I probably won't have to thump her on the head again."
The two young sisters giggled and the older woman asked, "And why should we help you?"
"Because I asked nicely and I have a shotgun," Babs replied with a smile.
The two girls giggled again and the older woman sighed. "Yes, there is that."
A moment later, the two young women helped Doris to her feet and they headed for the door with Babs bringing up the rear.
*****
They entered the general store and Babs paused long enough to lock the front door. "Everyone in the back room," she said a moment later.
Looking out the window in the front door, she got Betty's attention. She motioned for Betty to move the car to the rear of the building. The car was moving as Babs turned back to the women going behind the counter. Doris paused near the cash register and hastily looked on the shelf under it. When she straightened up, she had a sour look on her face.
"I take it, Bea found your gun and moved it," Babs said with a smile.
Doris just glared at her and went into the back room. A moment later, Babs heard her yell, "What the hell is going on here?"
When Bea said, "I didn't believe he had a set of balls but I had to check for myself," Babs actually laughed.
When she entered the back room, the man was tied to a chair with his pants and underwear down around his ankles. From the lipstick on his hard dick, it was obvious that Bea had been doing more that looking at his balls.
"You three, over against the wall," Babs said as she grinned at Bea and shook her head.
The two young women never took their eyes off the hard dick in the man's lap as they moved. As they reached the wall and bumped into it, the youngest one asked, "Is that lipstick on his--"
"Hush!" her mother said quickly but the older sister nodded and grinned.
"Its Angels Blush," Bea said with a grin in the young woman's direction.
The youngest one blushed and whispered, "That's... that's the color of my lipstick."
Looking Doris in the eyes, Bea asked the young woman. "Want to add some more to it? He won't mind in the least." The young woman blushed even deeper than before.
Doris said, "Horace isn't the type of man to enjoy things like that."
Bea Looked at Doris even harder. "How would you know? You've never put any lipstick on him there, now have you?"
"I, uh, well...." Doris stammered and then looked away.
Bea laughed and looked at Babs. Babs took off her duster and laid it on the desk beside Bea's duster. "You should have heard him moaning and groaning. He'd never had anything like it before. It was so obvious."
Babs grinned and stepped over in front of Doris. "The combination to the safe is...." she said.
Doris frowned at her and said in a haughty voice, "I don't think so."
The barrel of the shotgun landed solidly on Doris's forehead. Doris sagged and then went to her knees. Then she sat back hard on her heels, her eyes glazed. "That wasn't a request," Babs said as she took a step closer to the woman.
Doris shook her head to try to clear it as she opened her eyes. She found herself staring directly at Babs's sex. Her eyes grew wide and she shook her head again. Then she moaned loudly and licked her lips.
Bea laughed. "I think we have a lady lover amongst us."
Babs looked around at Bea. Bea nodded. She would be the one to know since she loved ladies when she was in a certain mood. Looking back at Doris, she asked, "Do you love ladies?" She expected absolute denial but what happen next took her by surprise.
Doris came up off her heels and knee walked forward until she could jam her face into Babs's sex with a loud moaning groan. Babs groaned herself as a hot wet tongue attacked her slit and clit. Babs dropped her free hand and cupped the back of Doris's head.
Bea chuckled. "I think we have a winner and it ain't her first time either."
Babs groaned softly and took a half step to the side. Now Doris's tongue was working up and down her slit, from her opening to her clit. Babs pushed her hips forward and groaned even louder as the woman's tongue zeroed in on her clit.
The woman by the wall said, "You've obviously brain damaged her with all those blows to the head."
The daughter in the wedding gown laughed. "Mother, she's fondled most of the girls in this town at one time or another. She's always rubbing us here or caressing us there. She helps us undress and tries to get us nude. She even offered to trim up Mary Thomas's bush for her wedding night."
"But... but... but," her mother stammered.
"Yes, mother, she had her hand on my naked butt several times earlier with you standing there right in front of me," the daughter said with another laugh.
"I'll... I'll... I'll," the mother stammered with fire in her eyes.
Babs groaned softly. Her hips were moving with a mind of they're own. That and the flicking tongue against her clit. She heard the conversation between mother and daughter and caught the anger in the mother's at the end. Turning her head toward Bea, she said, "Tie the mother to another chair."
Bea grinned as she sat another chair out beside Horace. Horace had his eyes wide as he watched his wife licking another woman's pussy. "Now you know why you never had a blowjob before," she whispered in his ear.
He looked around at Bea and shook his head. "And not much of anything else for that matter," he said and then looked back at his wife.
"I think I have some rope in just your size," Bea said to the woman by the wall. When the woman shook her head, Bea grinned a wicked grin and said, "You won't like it if I have to come get you. Babs is the gentle one."
The woman groaned as she thought about being hit in the head with the shotgun and what could be worse. With a second groan, she walked over and sat down in the chair. "Good choice," Bea said as she pulled the woman's hands around to the back of the chair, tied them together, and then ran a loop around the cross brace at the bottom.
Babs was watching Bea tie her hands and then she said between clenched teeth. "Take her bloomers off and tie an ankle to each chair leg."
Bea looked at Babs funny and then a light dawned and she grinned. "You got it boss."
It was a bit of a wrestling match getting the bloomers off but a slap across the face took the fight out of the woman. Her dress ended up bunched up in her lap by the time Bea got her ankles tied. That was about the time Babs came up on her toes, jammed her pussy against Doris's face, and came long and hard.
"Get you some," Bea said with a laugh as she watched her best friend coming. She had offered to do that same thing to Babs several times but she had never taken her up on the offers. Maybe it would be different in the future.
*****
Several minutes later, Babs came down off her toes and took a step back. "Damn, it has been a while since I've came that long or that hard."
"I've told you more than once, a tongue is far better than fingers," Bea said with a grin.
"Now I believe you," Babs said with a shivering shake.
There was a double knock at the back door. "That'll be Betty wanting to know what's taking so long," Babs said as she headed that way. Doris whimpered softly but only followed her with her eyes.
As she let Betty in, Babs noticed that it was getting dark. Looking at Bea she said, "Go turn out the lights up front and shut the door when you come back."
Looking at Betty she said, "We've run into a snag but we're working on it or rather her. You might as well join the party. Put your duster over on the desk with ours."
Betty looked around at the people in the room. She had seen the man through the front windows earlier and the others as Babs had brought them in. The woman on her knees with the wet looking face held her attention the most. As she removed her duster and put it with the others, it dawned on her why the woman's face was wet. "Has Bea been at it again?"
Babs laughed and shook her head. "Actually, it was me."
"I didn't know--"
Babs cut her off. "Neither did I.
"Things do change fast in our little group," Betty muttered to herself. It had only been the week before that she had let Bea have her way. It had been interesting to say the least but she still preferred men.
Bea returned and Babs walked over to Doris and bumped her sex against the kneeling woman's face. "I want that combination."
"I can't do that. It would ruin me."
"Do you see that woman sitting in that chair over there?" Babs asked.
Doris looked that way and nodded.
"How long do you think it would take for her to spread the word to everyone in town that you like women?"
Doris groaned and shook her head. "I'd have to leave town."
"Give me the combination and I'll fix it so she never says a word," Babs whispered as she bumped her sex against the woman's nose again.
With an even louder groan, Doris whispered, "3, 36, 22, 14."
"Got it," Betty said as she turned toward the big safe in the corner.
"Now, to fix your problem," Babs said and she put her hand on Doris's head and rubbed her sex against her face. When Doris moaned loudly, Babs smiled and whispered, "Follow me."
Doris was on her hands and knees as she followed Babs over in front of the mother. Bea pulled the mothers skirt up over her head, revealing a very hairy bush. Babs looked at the two young women against the wall. "Come give me a hand getting Doris undressed."
With Doris on her feet, it only took them a few minutes to get her undressed. Now she was as naked as the three bandits were. Horace moaned several times as all of his wife came into view. "She is gorgeous," Bea whispered to him. He nodded in reply.
"Which one do you want?" Babs asked Bea.
Bea looked at the young woman in the wedding dress and licked her lips. Babs laughed and shook her head. "I meant between the mother and Doris."
"Hey, now!" the young woman said with a grin.
"Little darling, you wouldn't even make it as a snack before you'd be down for the count," Bea said with a wink. "Practice with your sister and get back to me in a few years."
The two young women looked at each other and grinned as they back up toward the wall again. "Maybe we should be stripped also," the youngest one whispered. "I feel kind of funny having clothes on when everyone else is naked."
"Mama has her clothes on. Well, sort of," the older one said.
"I can fix that," Bea said as she went to her duster and got a folding knife from the pocket. It only took her a few minutes to slice away the mother's dress, petticoats, and bra. She had nice breasts and a fair figure but nothing like Doris or Babs.
Babs grinned at the woman in the chair and whispered, "You're in for a real treat in one way and a not so good of one in another."
"What... what do you mean?" The woman asked breathily. Anxiety heavy in her voice as her eyes went to Doris and then to her girls.
Babs smiled and looked around at the young women. "Why don't you two strip while we watch?"
Where there had been grins earlier, now there were blushes and wide eyes. "I was just kidding," the younger one said very softly.
"Your kidding got your mother's clothes cut off so it seem only fair for you to take yours off," Bea said with a big grin. "Anyway, I like looking at the desert menu even if I can't have any."
"The back of this dress is full of pins," the older one protested.
"Then have your sister help you pull it off over your head," Bea said, still grinning.
They struggled with it for a few minutes, and then Doris sighed and walked over in their direction. "Here, let me get a few of the pins. It will help a lot."
"You... you stay away from them," the mother said hotly as she struggled with the chair.
Bea reached over and tilted the woman's chair back. Leaning down with a big frown on her face, she said, "Someone needs to stuff something in that big mouth of yours. I just can't decide whether to use Horace's dick or my pussy."
"You wouldn't dare!" the woman said quickly and found herself lying on the floor with Bea straddling her shoulders.
"Want to make a bet," Bea said as she slowly squatted down. The woman's eyes were as big as sauces as she shook her head.
Babs sighed deeply. "You just don't understand what is going on here, do you. I let the cat out of the bag about Doris loving women, so I have to get the cat back in the bag and make sure everyone keeps their mouths shut. So that means you are going to get your pussy ate and you might even end up eating a little yourself."
The woman's eyes got even wider as what Babs said sank in. A moment later, she groaned and whispered, "But my girls are watching."
"Yes they are and they will watch the whole thing. They may or may not do a little eating of their own. Like I said, everyone has to keep their big mouths shut," Babs said slowly and distinctly, her eyes going from the mother to the daughters.
"We would never say anything," the oldest daughter said quickly.
"And we will make sure you don't," Bea said softly. "So get undressed and get over here."
Horace cleared his throat and asked softly, "Uh, what about me?"
Bea grinned and replied, "Just think of all the leverage you'll have over your wife from now on. You know her biggest secret. I think she will be more than willing to share one way or the other."
Doris gave Bea a dirty look. Bea laughed. "If things here in this town are normal, you are hitting on the dissatisfied married women and maybe a spinster or two. Sharing with Horace won't hurt anyone and it might even make hunting easier on your part with him involved."
There was silence for several minutes except for the sounds of the two young women getting undressed. As the wedding dress came off the oldest one, Doris looked at Bea and then at her husband. "You might have a point," she said to Bea as she shook out the wedding dress and hung it on the coat rake.
As she stepped away from the oldest sister, Horace made a groaning sound and Bea let out a soft whistle. The young woman was all curves with large breasts that looked even larger from her narrow waist and slender hips. Her eyes jumped to Horace and she tried to hide behind her hands and arms. "I forgot he was here," she whispered with a soft groan.
"It's not him you need to worry about," Bea said as she licked her lips.
The younger sister had been standing there with her dress held up in front of her. She was looking directly at Horace's dick as she dropped it. "I'm not scared," she said and then grinned. "Not much anyway." She was a smaller image of her sister without the big boobs.
Bea laughed. "Maybe you should start slow with more lipstick."
The youngest woman blushed deeply but nodded all the same.
"Caroline!" her mother said hotly.
Caroline looked at her mother and grinned. "Since no one will be talking about tonight, I figured I might as well get some experience out of the deal."
Her sister looked at her and grinned. "I'm getting married next week so I'll get all the experience I can handle."
Betty chuckled from near the back door where she was stacking two cloth bags. "Don't bet on it. My first husband knew less than I did. Talk about a comedy of errors."
"I... uh..." the oldest sister said in confusion. "Tom is very sophisticated. He'll know what to do."
"He's the bankers son," the mother said proudly.
"The bank is busted," Babs pointed out.
"But the bankers not," Doris said as she gave the mother a hard look. "She works at the bank even with it closed."
Bea chuckled. "More likely she works on the banker."
"He's married," the mother protested.
"His wife is in a wheelchair and not all there mentally from what I've seen," Doris said.
Bea laughed. "So she marries the oldest daughter off to the son and sits back to wait for the wife to get out of the picture. Then she marries the banker and everyone is set."
"That's the way I have it figured," Doris replied, still looking hard at the mother.
"But... but... but...." the mother stammered wildly.
Babs was looking at the parties involved in the conversation and then sighed. "Ladies, this isn't getting things done."
Bea grinned. "I've got the gag ready for her but I'm not sure how Doris is going to get hers in this position."
The mother's eyes went wide and she shook her head but that did not stop Bea from sitting on her face. All it did was smear things around. There was muffled yelling for a moment and then silence.
Doris grinned as she walked over in front of Bea and bumped her sex against the seated woman's nose. "I think what you are doing will be plenty enough for her for now. I'll get her later, in my own time and place."
Bea grinned and stuck out her tongue. Then she pulled it in and said, "Why don't you turn around and grab your ankles."
Doris laughed. "You've do this a time or two, I take it."
"Turn around and find out," Bea whispered as she rocked her hips on the mother's face. "And if this one doesn't start licking, I'm going to pee on her." There was a muffled yell from under Bea, which made her laugh.
With her mother occupied, Caroline moved over to kneel in front of Horace, her eyes on his hard rampant dick. She glanced up at Babs and asked, "Is this one large? Nothing but my finger has ever been inside me."
"It's about average," Betty said as she walked over to stand behind the young woman.
Horace's eyes were going from the face of the young woman to Betty's smoothly shaven sex. His wife kept her hair down there trimmed neatly and short but he had never seen a shaved pussy before. It was fascinating to look at. Then the young woman reached out and wrapped her fingers around the base of his shaft. He groaned loudly as his hips twitched.
Caroline giggled and jerked her hand away. "That's normal," Betty encouraged her and she reached out and wrapped her fingers around it again. Horace groaned but not as loud this time.
The older sister appeared next to Caroline and squatted down. Caroline grinned at her. "Mary, it's so warm and firm."
Mary reached out and held her hand close to Horace's dick. Her hand shook and then she pulled it back. "I better not," she whispered.
"No one here is going to tell Tom. I guarantee that," Betty said with a grin as she looked over at Bea and Doris. Bea was licking and tonguing Doris from her asshole to her clit. Doris was moaning softly as was Bea. She wondered if the mother had decided that resistance was futile and had started to lick the pussy on her face.
When she looked back, Mary had her fingers wrapped around Horace's dick above her sisters. One was twisting their hand one way and the other was moving theirs in the opposite direction. Horace was moaning and twitching as they did. With a grin, Betty whispered, "If you girls keep that up, you're going to get one hell of a surprise."
Babs had been watching the two groups. On a whim, she walked over to the overturned chair and squatted down next to it. She had an excellent view of Bea's tongue in Doris's pussy. Thinking of Doris's tongue in hers made her shiver. She looked down but could not tell what the mother was doing, although from the movement of Bea's hips, she was probably doing some licking of her own.
Looking at the woman's thick overgrown hair, she wondered how the banker could find anything in that jungle. She reached over and combed her fingers through the thick bush. The woman gave a jerk and tried to close her legs. Babs smiled and kept combing until she found the slit up the center of her sex. As she moved her fingers lower, she felt wetness and warmth. She seemed to be very turned on to be that wet or maybe it was just normal for her.
Babs spread the wetness up along the slit until she reached the woman's clit. It was very large and very sensitive if the jerking of her hips was any indication. She licked her fingers to moisten them and rolled the clit around. There was a very spicy favor on her fingertips. The woman groaned under Bea as her hips shivered and shook. Had she had an orgasm that fast, Babs wondered. When she continued to roll the large clit around, the woman shivered and shook some more.
It was interesting to have control over another woman's orgasm. A power trip, in a way, Babs was realizing as she ran her fingers down to tease the wet opening to the woman's vagina. Her hips were moving and fluttering as if they were trying to get them back on her clit. Babs obliged her by rolling her clit around firmly with her now slippery fingertips.
The woman's hips were suddenly jerking so hard Babs lost contact with her clit. There were several sharp yells from under Bea's pussy and a loud groan from Bea. A moment later, Bea whispered, "I don't know what you're doing but she's trying to suck and lick my clit slam off." Then she groaned deeply again and returned to licking Doris.
Babs smiled and brought her hand up to look at her shiny fingertips. Not allowing herself time to think she licked her fingers. She groaned softly and stuck her fingers in her mouth. Horace groaning deeply made her look around in his direction. The youngest sister had the head of his dick in her mouth.
The older sister's lips were wet as if she had been sucking on it earlier. Betty saw Babs looking, grinned, and winked. "Old Horace is getting more than he bargained for. I'm just wondering which one will end up getting the surprise."
About then, Doris groaned deeply and stepped away from Bea's face. Her hips were flexing and jerking hard. Her legs were shaky as she reached out and placed both hands on the desk for support. Bea was grinning as she rose up on her knees and looked down between her legs. The woman's face under her was a total mess but the woman smiled shyly and licked her lips.
Looking at Babs, Bea grinned and said, "I think we have a convert."
Doris groaned and whispered, "Wait until I mow that lawn of hers and give her a licking. She'll kick the banker to the curb."
"But... but I like the feel of a man inside me," the woman whispered.
"There's always Horace over there. That is if your daughters leave anything of him," Bea said with a chuckle.
The oldest daughter had Horace swallowed to the hilt. Both were groaning and moaning. "I think little Mary here is coming her brains out with his dick in her mouth."
Her mother raised her head trying to see what her daughter was doing. "I do that all the time," she whispered a moment later.
Mary raised her head slowly while keeping a tight suction on Horace's dick. As it came out of her mouth with a slurping sound, she sat back on her heels, her knees spread wide, and moaned. Caroline leaned in, sucked the dick into her mouth, and bobbed her head as if she had done it all her life. Horace gave out with a deep groaning grunt as his hips flexed up and down several times.
Caroline made a gagging sound but never missed a beat in sucking Horace's dick. Betty chuckled and said, "I think we have our winner."
"Horace or Caroline?" Babs asked with a grin.
"Yeah," Betty replied. "All three of them are winners in one way or another."
"Are you sure I can't have a snack or two," Bea asked, her eyes on Mary's wide spread thighs. "Either one of them can sit on my face or both for that matter."
"That's down right greedy," Doris said with a grin.
"And your point is?" Bea asked with a like grin.
"The oldest did seem eager to try it," Doris said and looked at the mother on her back.
"They're both of age, so don't look at me," the mother whispered.
"Maybe... later," Mary whispered. "I'm still all tingly from.... Uh, you know."
"Sucking Horace's dick and coming while doing it," Betty said with a grin. Looking at Babs she added, "That should keep her mouth shut with the wedding coming up and all."
Babs nodded and looked at Caroline. "How about you? You got a mouth full and I assume you swallowed it."
Caroline blushed and nodded ever so slightly. "I... uh... didn't mean too but I did."
Babs looked at the mother. "Are you a spitter or a swallower?"
The mother blushed but did not say anything.
Bea grinned. "Like mother, like daughter."
"Help me sit this one up," Babs said to Bea.
With the mother upright, Babs looked around at each of the women as she said, "I think everyone has enough on everyone else to keep all the mouths shut." Each woman nodded, as Babs looked directly into their eyes. "Good, then our work is done."
"I should be pissed that you are robbing me but for some reason I'm not. Not much anyway," Doris said softly.
"We don't take everything," Betty told her. "Anyway, I think you gained a lot this evening."
Doris walked over in front of her husband, looked at him, and then at the two young women in front of him. Looking back at him, she grinned and shook her head. "If they hadn't took the stuffing out of that thing, I could sure go for a wild ride right now."
"You can always try blowing it back up," Bea said with a wink as she tossed a duster to Betty.
"Two took it down, three should be able to get it back up pretty quickly," Betty said as she slipped the duster on.
Horace was staring at her bare sex as she did. He looked up at his wife and asked, "Do you think you could shave like that?"
Doris grinned and nodded. "I used to do it a long time ago."
Babs put her duster on and asked, "Why did you stop?"
"I... uh... got married and for some reason I just did. I guess I just wanted to look more respectable to him." She looked at Betty and quickly added, "Not that you're not respectable."
Betty grinned and winked at her. "It sure is more sensitive without all the hair."
"For sure," Doris said with a wink in return.
"It is?" Mary asked.
Betty laughed. "You all discuss it, we're out of here."
At the door, Babs turned and looked around. "Take your time discussing it."
Doris grinned and said, "I think it'll take until at least daylight for one of us to finally get untied."
Babs nodded and the three went out the back door.
*****
They were halfway back to the city when Bea sighed and said, "I might just come back to that town someday."
"I wouldn't if I was you," Betty said from the front seat.
"Why's that?"
"Funny thing about all that cash in the safe, it had bank wrappers on all of it. I have an idea that Doris knew more about the banker than the mother," Betty replied.
Babs shook her head. "The banker folded the bank and stashed the money in Doris's safe just in case anyone decided to investigate."
"That's the way I have it figured," Betty said. "There was a lot more money than a general store should have had, in any case."
"How much?" Bea asked.
"Enough for us to retire," Betty said with a big grin.
"Yee haw!" Bea shouted.
"Not so fast," Babs said. "We mail the deeds back to the farmers and then we'll see just how much is enough."
"Lets just say, I've never seen so much money in one place," Betty said.
"Why would a small bank in a small town have that much money on hand?" Bea asked and then her eyes got wide. "Someone's stash of illegal cash."
All three were silent for several minutes and then Babs said, "Lets not contemplate that." The other two nodded.
*****
I'm not going to say this story is true but grandmother talked about some weird stuff at the end. I spent many nights with her in the hospital and listened close to some of it. I missed a lot of it because she was talking so softly that I did not pay attention at first. I have also kept my mouth shut. Family secrets are fun, but they can be a bitch also.