I'd got tickets to a rock festival with a band Dan likes, and drove over to take his van to the venue.
I thought I looked great, in a black vest shirt, with a black bra underneath, a red plaid miniskirt with black yoga capri pants under it, and clumpy black boots.
"Yeah," he said, "that won't do."
He bent down and took off my boots, and pulled the yoga pants down. I had a black thong on underneath, but stopped him when he went to take it off too.
"I don't want to be flashing my pussy to hundreds of people,"
"Thousands," he said.
He let me put the boots back on, then took off my vest.
"I don't want to wear that without a bra," I said.
"Let's see", he said.
He took my bra off, and had me put the vest back on. I jiggled around like I was dancing, and my tits immediately fell out.
"No," I said.
He went and got an old red T-shirt. I took the vest off, and struggled to get the shirt over my tits. He then got some scissors and cut it off just below my tits. I jiggled around and it sort of stayed put. He cut down from the neck, between my tits a little way, too.
"That's better," he said.
We headed down to the van and headed out.
When we were out of town, he told me to take the shirt off, and to push my tits up against the passenger side window, so people we passed could see them. Luckily I couldn't see them, and they couldn't see how red I was blushing at this.
On the freeway, I took off my skirt, and he played with my tits and pussy.
He had me get up on the seat and stick my bum against the window as we passed a truck, then beeped the horn so the truck driver saw me. He beeped his air horn back at us. We laughed, and I sat back down.
I got dressed again as we got closer to the venue, and as we drove through the parking lot looking for a space, didn't look out of place in this crowd. There were guys and girls running around topless, so nobody was going to be looking at me, even if I did fall out of this shirt.
We lined up to get in, Dan was playing with my tits. He pulled my shirt up above my tits and stood there holding them. I was embarrassed, but there was a girl a little bit in front of us without a top on at all. I could see her nipples and everything.
As we got to front, I pulled my top back down, and handed over our tickets and we went in.
When the band came on, we danced around and sang along. People kept touching me and I was having trouble keeping my top covering my tits, so I stayed close to Dan. He stood behind me, with his cock under his jeans rubbing on my bare bum, and I felt safe enough to leave my tits out while I was dancing a few times.
When the band came out for the encore at the end, everybody went wild - girls were throwing their underwear, and I tore my shirt open at the neck cut, then danced around with my tits free. It was an amazing feeling, and I even left Dan for a while to dance with some other girls. When the lights came up, I held my shirt together and went back to Dan.
He sat down to wait for the crowd, and I straddled him and sat on his lap. He put his arms around me, and I pushed my tits into him, and was grinding my pussy on his lap.
I reached down and undid his jeans, getting his cock out, and pulled my thong aside and put it in me. I sat there, slowly grinding on him. I didn't see anybody looking at us, but then, there were topless and even naked people running around.
Dan started pointing out all the people openly having sex, and I watched them as I ground away on his cock.
I bit his shoulder when I came, and sort of sat there getting my breath back.
I lifted myself off him, so his cock slipped out, and sat back a little bit to put his cock away.
When I got up, he reached up and pulled my thong down to my feet. It was tricky getting it over my boots, but we made it. He put it in a pocket, and we headed for the door.
When we got to the van, he opened the side door, and told me to take my boots off.
I bent over at the waist, showing my bum, and undid the laces. I stepped out of them, and took my socks off too. Dan took the remains of the shirt off my shoulders, then gave me a long, deep kiss.
He put his hand out to take my skirt from me, and I looked about nervously. Almost nobody was looking at me, even though I was standing there topless. I took the skirt off, and a couple of people cheered. Dan helped me into the van, and I sat on the back seat. He got in after me and closed the door, locking it.
I told him that was amazing, and kissed him again.
I said "I've been bad, haven't I?"
"Have you?"
"I didn't let you cum, but I came."
I knelt down on the floor in front of him, and undid his jeans again, fishing out his cock. I stroked my hand up and down it, then put it in my mouth, tasting my juices. Soon after, I started to taste his pre-cum. I sat up a little and pushed my tits around his cock, sliding them up and down, and licked the head when I could reach it on the down stroke.
I could tell he was getting closer, so I just sucked him into my mouth and sucked until he came. I licked all over his cock, to make sure it was clean, and he ruffled my hair, then got into the driver's seat and started the van.
I found my boots and the skirt, and I put them on for the ride home. I waved at anybody who looked at us, but I don't think they really saw us as it was dark.
When we got back to his place, I got out of the van and walked to the downstairs door, then took my skirt off and waited for Dan. He came over and took my skirt, and I walked up with just my boots on.
He made me take my boots and socks off before we went in, me naked.