Madhu woke up next morning in her bed with Veena next to her in her bedroom. Last night's images still playing in her mind, the spurting cum, the desperation for more cock, the taste and variety of cum. Oh how she enjoyed every moment.
The mere thoughts had her nipples erect and pussy tingling. But deep down she still felt a vacuum. What did she want? The fear of exposure? The sinful joy of exhibitionism? Pain? Domination?
It was more like a complete sexual liberation knocking on the door and she didn't know what she wanted. Maybe this was the answer. Exploration.
Immersed in her thoughts, she made herself a cup of tea and sauntered over to the balcony wearing the same clothes she was wearing last night, it felt like a dream, a good dream and she didn't want to wake up until she had found her sexual truth.
She kept her tea on the table in the balcony and went to her dresser and stripped off her clothes and wrapped a towel around herself and came back to the balcony wearing just her pink towel.
She sat there sipping her tea, thinking. She looked at the park adjacent to her flat, the sky was dark early morning and rain seemed definite. She got up and stood at the edge, leaning on the railing and feeling the cold winds feeling the cold on her skin, with her towel ends flapping, she stared at the park next to her building, the lush greenery.
She sat back on the chair sipping her warm tea and slipped her towel just beneath her breasts exposing them to the cold air. She liked it, the feeling of air on the body.
After she finished her tea, she put the knot in towel just below her boobs. She then got up and quietly went to her almirah and put on a thin jacket and a small pair of cotton shorts, put on her running shoes and made her way down. She tried opening the building gate connecting to the park but it seemed jammed. She climbed up and jumped over the gate. She stretched a little and then started a light jog scanning the park and she realised it was not quite well maintained and there was lots of overgrowth all around.
There was a small water tank around one corner and and there was only one other entrance from the road and that too did not seemed to have been used much. She was feeling at peace now and she felt her boobs jumping at each step she took and her nipples rubbing the fabric of her jacket.
The sky had now darkened further and the droplets were definitely bigger and she was now drenched. She could feel the thick drops of water falling on her hair trickling down. She continued her slow jog but she just opened her jacket from front a little more to feel the drops of rain and then with her jacket still on her she unzipped it all the way and continued to jog.
She looked at her breasts jumping up and down, her pink nipples hard and proud standing, the rain was now coming down with force making it difficult to run and see.
Her breasts felt a little pain, she just stopped and walked over to the small bench next to the tree and sat there. She looked all around and when she was sure that there was nobody around she first slipped off her shorts and she squirmed a little as her buttock touched the cold bench and she liked it. She hung her shorts on the edge and stood up and started to walk again on the track.
The jacket she had worn came down only till bottom of her buttocks and just covered her pussy from the front. She sat down again and just enjoyed the rain. She then saw two people walking into the park and when she saw closely she saw it's a boy and a girl. They looked in their late teens and they were holding each other tightly but surely they had not seen her.
She just got up and hid in the bushes behind another bench. She wanted to see what they were up to. It surely was not a weather to come to a park to run.
From her vantage point she saw both of them has started to kiss each other aggressively and the guy had slipped his hand under the girl's t-shirt and she showed no resistance. The guy then said something in her ear and the girl laughed and hit him on his shoulder lightly. She then got up and appeared to be bent in front of the guy. She must be sucking his dick Madhu thought to herself. She tried to move a little to get a better view. And she moved softly to one side and saw both of them.
The girl was kneeling down in front of him and sucking his cock while the guy was squeezing her breasts. That's a nice looking cock she thought to herself. The guy was now tugging at her t shirt to pull it up and the girl worriedly looked around and the guy also scanned the area and they were quite sure that there was nobody around and just then the girl pointed at something and Madhu whispered "oh shit" as the guy picked up her shorts and threw them in a dense bush on the other side.
He then proceeded to lift off the t-shirt of the girl and put it on the bench and then the girl herself took off her shorts and sat on his lap and groaned loudly.
Madhu was now getting horny looking at the degree of dare as they started fucking each other and it was a beautiful sight to see with the girl who was completely naked and visibly scared and excited both. Her breasts were like small cones on her chest and the guy had a nice long curved cock. She slipped off her jacket and put it on the ground. Now there are two naked girls in the park she thought to herself and she started to finger herself. Her pussy needed no lubrication as she was already wet and the rain showed no signs of stopping.
The guy then took off all of his clothes and pulled the girl behind the bench and then started to fuck her in missionary position. The guy had an athletic built and as he plunged his curved cock inside the girl, she sucked in air. She saw both of them and she thought she had seen them before.
They were definitely young but legal age. Madhu was enjoying her voyeur experience and now she was plunging three fingers inside her and she looked at her nipples which were crying out for attention, they looked like they were going to burst as the cold water drops touched them. The passionate young couple in front of her had now increased their pace and the girl had her nails deep in the guy's back and screamed "yes, yes faster, aaahhhh" and then shook violently like a leaf in a storm.
Madhu also had a small orgasm, her eyes were focused on the young girls breasts which she thought were extremely beautiful, those conical mounds of areola topped with the nipple like a cherry, the guy was continuing to fuck her and was now biting her breasts and the girl seemed to be loving it.
Madhu saw from the angle of her eye a few guys entering the park and this young couple were in trouble if they did not hide. Madhu just said in a hushed tone "hide" and both of them looked in her direction and then looked around, quickly picked up their clothes and directly came in her direction. All three of them were flushed in a deep red colour as not only all of them were naked, they had not enough time to put their clothes on without the risk of being seen. They looked at each other in the eye and the guy and girl stared at Madhu who still had her fingers inside her pussy. She just closed her legs and indicated the girl to come next to her, the boy could barely manage to take his eyes off Madhu and Madhu was just staring at the girls breasts to a point where the girl moved a hand to cover her breasts but Madhu just pushed it away, the girl stared at her but did not resist.
The guys who had come inside the park stopped midway and exchanged something and left promptly and all three of them breathed in relief. They started to put their clothes on and Madhu was the first to speak and she said "get my shorts that you threw" the guy quietly obeyed and got up.
Madhu looked at the girl and said "did you enjoy?"
The girl asked a question in return "are you a lesbian?"
Madhu laughed and said "no".
The guy handed her shorts and she slowly put them on giving them a small show feigning embarrassment. The girl pulled the guy up and they walked out of the park. Madhu also got up and left. But now she was hornier than before.