It was late January, and Madison had just made it through some of the coldest days of the year. It had been barely a week since Mike used her holes at her apartment. Truthfully, it took Madison a couple days to recover, but then one night she did it again, risking it by posting to her social media, wondering if any of her friends were up to see.
3:41: she posted a link to the porn site where her videos were stored.
3:43: "please if any of you are up I want to be exposed for real"
Madison thrust her hand against her slit. "God, I fucking hope somebody actually does it! Ohhhh fuck I'm such a stupid little whore! Ohhhh fuck, I need more!"
3:44: "Please, I'm begging you, I want you to ruin me, tell everyone I know. I want you all to use me. I'm a slut."
"Yessss! That's it, ohhhh fuck!" She moaned. "Ruin me, ohhhh, please!"
3:45: "Spread my name and videos around so I can never take it back!"
"Oh my god, just do it, Madison! Just fucking leave it up for good and watch your life go to shit! Ohhhhh Madison you fucking piece of shit! You're worthless!" She moaned.
3:46: "and if you want to watch me get off to my own destruction just message me, call me."
3:46: "Please, I'm begging you. Blackmail me. Force me to have sex with you. I don't care who you are."
"Ohhhh Madison you cunt!" She slapped her face as she furiously fingered her pussy with one hand, pinching her nipple with the other. "God, how long is it going to take! If I keep myself on edge, oh, God, it'll be all over and I'll be - ohhhh!"
3:47: she posted a link to her videos again
3:47: "please don't ignore this. This is NOT spam this is a horny desperate slut wanting my nudes and videos spread all over the net
3:48: "teaser - I get gangbanged, I beg to be ruined, I get slapped and I sucked off a guy three times my age, go watch and spread me around I NEED THIS"
"Leave it up you fucking cunt! Ohhhhh yes, forever! Let them all know, I don't care! All my friends will know I'm a slut, I'm a dirty, disgusting slut. Ohhhh I want them all lining up to use me! I want to be the biggest disgrace in the whole school, ohhhhhhh I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Ohhhh!"
Madison finally calmed down. She seriously thought about just leaving irbil there and watching her life go to hell. She knew she was getting riskier and riskier, and she finally decided to take it all down ten minutes after her first post.
"Fuck, I'm such an idiot!" She said as she laid back on her pillow. "Ten minutes is a long time. And I've already been found out and taken advantage of by one person - fuck, why do I keep doing this?!"
Eventually, Madison drifted off to sleep. The next day was fairly uneventful, and with each passing hour, she breathed a sigh of relief that nobody seemed to notice what she had posted in her state of uncontrollable arousal the night before. Of course, she was dressed like a slut and got her usual amount of attention - but that was all.
Wednesday came, and with it, Madison's last chance for a level 2 top that week. She had selected a low-cut half-sleeve sweater and a tight pair of low-rise jeans. The sweater was a little boxy, and it was thick enough that she decided to just go braless. It rode up immensely when she raised her arms.
"Oh, shit," she said when she put it on. She had already drawn over the "slut" written on her upper stomach from the day before - but the day before she had worn a level 1 top that was an inch and a half longer. "This is going to be my closest call yet," she said as she looked in the mirror. Even raising her arms almost to shoulder height prompted the sweater to ride up and the words to partially come uncovered.
She thought about washing it off, but she was feeling frisky, and she decided to roll with it - she would just need to be careful.
Madison arrived in class, found her seat at the front of the room toward the middle, where she could be certain every guy in the room could see her, and carefully removed her backpack, making sure her stomach was covered enough that nobody could see the writing. She slid it over one shoulder and carefully over the other, and sat down with her arms folded in front of her. She could feel her thong sticking out of her jeans in the back. Truthfully, she knew that was going to happen too, but she was eager to put on a show, and she looked around, watching the horny guys stare at her ass. "You deserve it, slut," she told herself. "You're just a piece of meat for them. They can look." She tried her best to smile if she caught one of them looking.
Hell, a lot of the guys were just openly staring at her now. "They must realize I like showing my body," she thought to herself. "And if I like showing it, what's the harm in looking?" She took her water bottle out of her bag and placed it on the floor.
The professor began his lecture, and Madison started to daydream. Her thoughts kept drifting back to a couple of nights ago, when she had begged for exposure in the middle of the night on social media. "What if I can't help myself?" She thought. "Maybe I should just get drunk and post a bunch of shit and let them ruin me."
Then she started to fantasize. She walked into class this time with "slut" tattooed on her stomach - another thought that she couldn't quite seem to get out of her mind.
"Hi, guys!" She said, smiling. She unbuttoned her jeans and sat down. Their mouths just hung open as she folded down the belt loops of her jeans and exposed her tender flesh and her thong to them. "I'm wearing nothing but a bikini tomorrow," she announced. "You can take as many pictures as you want, post them, let the world know I'm the slut who wears a bikini to class."
Madison shifted her legs, needing a sensation in her cunt. Suddenly, she heard a noise, and she was jolted back to reality. She had accidentally knocked her water bottle off the table, and it was rolling backward up the aisle. She stood she turned to get it just as the guy three seats behind her picked it up. He tossed it in her direction, but it was a bit high.
Madison, still half-stuck in her fantasy, reached up to catch it, and all of the sudden heard half the class gasp in unison. She looked down, and her heart jumped into her throat. It was there for all to see! The word "slut" was written on her stomach and she just inadvertently let her sweater ride up and showed it to half the class! She froze like a deer in the headlights, completely humiliated.
"Oh, SHIT!" Madison exclaimed. She started recovering from her frozen state, scrambling to try to cover it up. It had been at least three seconds of just standing there, frozen. Her hands trembled. Her mind raced. She fumbled with the water bottle in her hands, trying to free up a hand to fix the sweater.
"OH. MY. GOD." A voice said. It was the girl in front of her and to the right, as she stood about two and a half rows back, facing the back of the room. Madison looked. It was Alyssa, a tall Black girl, sitting with her legs crossed at the knee and staring at her with a look of disbelief on her face. Her eyebrows were raised. She smiled in amazement and then looked almost as shocked as Madison was.
The commotion made other people start looking, too. All eyes were on Madison. She almost dropped the water bottle trying to get it into one hand to free another.
"Damn!" The guy in front of her said excitedly.
Madison finally had the bottle in one hand, she pulled the sweater down and nervously stood there. She was in a state of shock, looking around the room for what felt like an eternity, but in reality, this was all still four seconds after her writing became exposed.
Guys were staring at her. Alyssa still had her eyebrows raised. She went to turn around when she felt a hand touch her side. The guy to her left, Carl, reached out, touching her, pulling her sweater back up and exposing the word again!
"Carl!" Madison shrieked. A course of laughter rang out.
"Sorry, just wanted to make sure my eyes weren't playing tricks on me," he said. The class laughed again. Madison scowled. She turned around, wanting to head back to her seat.
"Excuse me!" The professor said, a twinge of anger in his voice. "I'm trying to teach a class here! Would somebody tel me what is going on?!"
A voice in the back spoke up. It was a blonde girl in a track suit. Madison thought she was ok one of the athletic teams but wasn't sure which one. "That girl has SLUT written across her stomach and half the class just saw it!" She said loud enough for everyone to hear.
There was a buzzing conversation in the classroom now as the people in the front who hadn't seen were almost as lost as the professor, until they turned to look and saw Madison standing there, trying to cover it up for a second time. Madison froze momentarily. The whole class was staring, including the professor. And if felt like she was the topic of several conservations going on at the same time as she made her way back to her seat.
"Who?"
"Madison! Look!"
On the other side of the room another conversation was happening.
"Is she a slut, for real?"
"Probably, have you seen the way she dresses lately?"
"That girl doesn't even have a bra on!"
"She probably fucks anything that walks!"
"Hey, Madison!" A voice called out. "How drunk were you last night?!"
"I - I um - I didn't - didn't drink," she stammered. Fuck! She thought. That was her best out - she could have acted like she got drunk and someone wrote on her, now that change was gone!
"So...you wrote that on yourself?!"
"Of course she wrote it on herself, see how it's leaning and it looks like a first grader did it? You know how hard it would be to write on your own stomach?!
"Why would anyone want to write that on themselves?" A girl asked.
"Yeah, it's like she's asking for it!"
"More like begging for it!"
"And those outfits she wears! Just - nasty!"
"She sure dresses like a slut!"
"Yeah. Nothing but belly shirts!"
"God, this is so humiliating!" Madison thought as she slowly turned and went back to her seat. "I can't believe this is happening to me! I wanted it, I needed it, but not like this! Fuck, everyone is staring at me! Everyone is talking about me! Everyone thinks I'm a slut! I mean - they know I'm a slut! They know I did it to myself and they know I dress like one, I can't believe this, no no no!" She says down and buried her head in her hands and started to sob, keeping her head off the desk so she wasn't too obvious.
Madison thought about leaving the class and just going home. But she knew she would have to face the class eventually, and she might as well let them get it out today as opposed to subjecting herself to more ridicule later.
"Madison! I didn't get to see, can you show me!" A guy asked her. I'm some sick and twisted way, Madison was actually relishing the comments that were made about her. She felt terribly humiliated; worthless. Her pussy was throbbing. God, she needed this! She needed to be fucked! She needed everyone to know she was a slut, to make fun of her and slut-shame her, and she needed them to approach her one by one in secret and try to get in her pants. She'd let them, too. Madison had her mind made up at this moment that any of these guys, even any of the girls that wanted her would get to have her. She'd beg them to slap her, beg them to abuse her body, beg them to make her feel like trash, until they all had a turn. Madison was barely noticing the comments now, most of them were starting to die out anyway, but she was too turned on to notice.
"Hey, slut - can I just call you SLUT?" A guy asked.
"Can I write something on you?" Someone else said.
"Why do you dress like that?" A girl asked her. Madison was noticing that the comments were being made to her now, where they were just about her before.
"Guys!" The professor finally spoke up. "We have to move along. Madison can show you her stomach - I mean, more of her stomach - after class is dismissed, if she wants. I'm sure it was an accident. Madison, you can be as much of a slut as you want outside this room. Let's move on!"
A chorus of laughter rang out. Madison wanted to crawl into a hole.
"Did the prof just slut shame her?" A girl asked.
"Um - excuse me, professor!" A girl said.
"Yes, Riley?"
"We - I mean - we shouldn't really assume she is a slut. Or attach a negative connotation to it for that matter. It's a prime example of a misogynistic double standard - women who sleep around are sluts, men who sleep around are studs. A woman who is confident about her body and likes to dress like - well, like Madison does - should not be thought of as a slut or an easy target - we shouldn't assume a woman is a slut or is asking for it just based on her clothing choices. I'm sure she has her reasons. I mean, really, we shouldn't objectify her or discuss any woman in a sexual way in a professional setting."
"I'm not assuming, she freaking wrote it on her stomach!" A guy pointed out.
"Yeah, I mean - if you label yourself, you have to kind of live with the label, right?"
"I'm just saying," Riley continued, "that we are all objectifying her. She's sitting right there. She has emotions. How would you feel if a class full of students discussed whether you slept around? Or wanted to? Or were gay or homophobic or transgender? What if she doesn't want this kind of attention? She probably didn't come here to be objectified or to become the topic of discussion or of your fantasies, so let's take that into consideration, okay? Doesn't she get a say in that?"
"Yeah, so let's stop talking about it, Riley!" The professor said. A chorus of laughter followed.
"If I wrote 'gay' on my stomach and everyone saw it, I think that would be fair game," the guy retorted quietly.
Under her desk, Riley took out a sharpie and pulled her shirt up. She silently wrote "slut" on her body and tied her shirt up, making it visible to everyone. She sat in the front left corner, nearest the professors desk. Riley was blonde, wore a multi-colored shawl and had hair that was reminiscent of that of a Rastafarian adherent.
Madison sat in her seat. She leaned forward, her thong becoming more exposed. Everyone was glancing at her every five seconds, she knew it and didn't care. Either that, or she relished it, she wasn't sure. "They think I'm a slut. All of them. And I am one - so they all know, really. I should just end it now, just tell them all I'm Webslut Madison and let them do what they want with me. Set up an open invite event and let them all have a turn - if they have the balls to use me one after the other. And that feminist Riley - she'd look cute sucking the cum out of my ass after all the guys had their turn."
Madison buried her hand in between her thighs, needing the sensation. She started to lean forward again, wanting to expose her thong sticking out of the back of her jeans without being obvious about it. Guys looked at her some more. She needed it, her pussy was on fire. Yet, at the same time, she wanted to sob.
She could not pay attention at all. The entire time, she sat there thinking about how worthless she was, how humiliated she felt, how much of a slut she had become. And it was all turning her on more and more. "I really am a slut," she thought. "I should just write it on myself where everyone can see next time. Or wear something more daring - shirt skirt, no panties, that slutty witch top from my Halloween costume that barely covers my tits. Plug my ass and spread my legs and show my cunt to the professor! Would that be asking for it?"
Her mind started to drift away, she was fantasizing about other things she could write on her body. "Webslut Madison - google me." No, "I actually dress like a SLUT because I want it." Or "I know I look like a SLUT and I want to be objectified." Or "I'm a slut for public use." Or "teacher in training. SLUT for life." God? Why did she want this so much? Couldn't she just have role-played or fantasized like everyone else? No, she had to make it reality!
She was so turned on, she actually wanted to show the writing again. To remove any doubt. To show the folks at the front of the class who didn't get to see her the first time. But how? She could get up to go to the bathroom, come back with her sweater hiked up. Would that be too obvious?
Madison sat at her seat and ran her hands through her hair, her shirt riding up, the writing clearly visible. The only issue was the desk was in the way. She wasn't sure if anyone would notice, but she felt exposed doing it. She pulled her hair into a pony tail, slowly, allowing anyone to look who could see. Reaching behind her back, she felt the string of her thong and pulled it farther out of her jeans, like she was trying to give herself a wedgie. Turning around, she confirmed that a couple of the guys and Alyssa noticed. She smiled through her sobs and leaned forward again, exposing her thong even more, smiling to herself, the thought of them staring at her ass just turning her on even more.
"Use my slut body," she thought to herself. "Put it up my ass. Make me dress like even more of a whore!" She imagined herself wearing a sheer crop top, her clamped nipples clearly visible through the thin fabric. She handed a marker to one of her classmates. "Write on me?" She invited.
One by one, they all took turns decorating her. "Slut." "Whore." "Fuckmeat." "Expose me," "free use," "desperate," "use me," and "ruin my life" we're all written on her. The last one wrote "worthless" across her forehead. She took the marker back and wrote "cum dumpster" on one thigh, clearly visible in her mini skirt. "Easy access" and "no panties" was what she decided to write on the other.
"Thanks, guys!" She imagined herself saying. "Now, let's make sure it's all true."
"You mean it? You want us to -"
"I need it," she clarified. "Under one condition. Record it and post it online so the whole world knows what I've become."
"Okay, that's all for today," she heard the professor saying, back in reality. Got, she had been so immersed in her fantasy she wasn't even sure she was able to keep from touching her cunt through her jeans.
Madison was too turned on to stop herself. She stood up, grabbed her backpack, and lifted her arms high into the air. "SLUT" was visible for all to see as she tossed the bag onto her back. She looked around. Everyone was looking at her. Class was over, people were up and milling around, but she was the center of attention.
"Wow, hot!" Said the guy a who asked if he could see. Madison smiled. She wondered if she should at least be a willing slut and offer to suck him off or something.
"Oh my GOD. You know that's out again, right?" Alyssa pointed out. Madison smiled and nodded. "I mean, don't you want to cover it up?" She asked. Madison shook her head, humiliated, but too horny to stop herself.
"So you want everybody to see that?" A guy asked.
"Is it true?" A guy asked her. "Like - are you really a slut?"
Madison felt a pair of hands grab her ass. She loved the attention. "God, the whole class knows I'm a slut - for real!" Age thought to herself as she let out a delighted hum. More hands - this time on her bare midriff. Her sweater was being held up by her backpack straps now, the whole word was visible. Looking around, she even pulled it up a little higher, removing any doubt that she wanted it to be seen.
"You really like showing off your body, don't you?" A guy asked. She nodded.
"I do, actually - I - that's why I dress this way."
"You like people thinking you're a slut, too, I bet."
"Mmmm," she moaned, and smiled.
"Is it true?" The other guy asked again.
"Dude, I think it's true. Slut likes to show off, apparently. Likes us thinking she's a slut. Probably wants us all to run a train on her. Would you want that?" He asked, turning to Madison.
"We're just going to call you slut from now on, then," another guy said. "Like, I wonder what slut is going to wear on Monday?"
"Guys. Seriously. Keep it in your pants!" Riley said, before Madison could respond to the latest round of comments. "I'm sure there's a perfectly good non-sexual explanation for all this. Right, Madison?"
"Pfft," one of the guys said.
"No way," another said.
"Guys! Let the girl talk! We've heard from everyone in here but her! Madison, you don't really want all this negative attention, I know you don't. You don't want to be objectified, do you?" Riley asked.
"Well - um - I mean," Madison began.
"Just tell them to cut it out and leave you alone. And if they don't, report them."
Everyone was silent. Three guys, Alyssa and Riley remained in Madison's vicinity at this point, in addition to a couple guys who were in the corner of the room, content to ogle Madison as she stood there exposed with "slut" written on her stomach.
"And you know, if you don't want the attention, you could pull your sweater down. And stop dressing that way! You'll make all the guys think you -"
"I mean, that's kind of the thing," Madison said. She started to shake again. Did she really want this? To admit what she was about to admit? She certainly didn't make any moves toward covering up. She took a deep breath and exhaled, trying to relieve the jitters.
"Well, I mean - tell them," Riley said. "Tell then to stop harassing and objectifying you! You shouldn't have to put up with that!"
"I mean, I - I kind of do want it," she said finally, shaking. "So, um - yeah." Riley and Alyssa and the three guys just stood there, dumbfounded, as Madison stood there, humiliated.
"Why?" Alyssa asked at last.
"Like - I didn't want it to happen today, necessarily. But like - I - I don't know how to say this - fuck, why am I explaining this at all!"
"Because you're trying to set boundaries?" Riley said, trying to help.
"No, I -" Madison had turned to leave, but turned back. She desperately wanted to tell them how aroused she was. But that would only lead to her lying on her back with a cock in her ass and another in her mouth. She drifted away again. "Remember," she reminded herself. "You're a slut for the pleasure of others. It's not about you. If you end up on your back, you did your job. And if the whole class finds out, you'll have one hell of an orgasm."
"So, I - I like it. The attention. Even the humiliation. Want to know why I dress like this? It's - it's honestly because I want people to think I'm - you know." Madison stammered.
"A slut?" One of the guys asked. A tear rolled down Madison's cheek as she nodded in the affirmative.
"And it makes me so, so - like - so horny, makes me cum so hard knowing that guys think of me as a slut. So I wrote it to - I mean, just to feel like one - just to remind myself - just on the off chance something weird happened and somebody saw -"
"But you'd end up so embarrassed and humiliated!" Alyssa commented.
"I know! And I fantasized about this moment! I don't know what's wrong with me!" Madison sobbed. "I'm standing here crying, I'm a wreck! I'm telling you all about my sexual fantasies of being a slut, of being shown off, of being stared at and felt up and - you know why I lean forward in my seat? So my fucking thong comes out and people stare. I get off on it, okay?!"
"So you aren't really a slut, you just want to feel like one? So you're really just a tease?"
"I was a tease, then shit started happening, and - I - I guess I'm really a slut now. Not because of this, I - I've slept around a lot lately."
"Damn, Madison!" Riley said. She didn't really understand a woman wanting to be treated that way.
"I know!" Madison said. She wipes a tear from her eye. "And I get so turned on I can't stop myself. Like - here!" Madison quickly unbuttoned her jeans and folded down the front, exposing the top of her thong panties. "Does anybody dare me to walk home like this?"
"Madison! You're - you'll - your reputation, everyone will -" Alyssa began.
Madison nodded.
"Well, I dare you," said one of the guys with a devious smile. "You wouldn't do it though. Or would you?"
"Jake, stop being a pig!" Riley said. "Madison, sit down, please. Your hormones must be raging! You need to calm down and get out of this fantasy you have before you do any more damage!"
"Damage? You mean like this?" Madison lifted up her sweater, exposing her braless breasts. "Mmmmm," she said, running her fingers over her nipples.
"Yes! Like that! Now please, haven't you done enough for one day? I mean flashing in class -" Alyssa trailed off.
"It's not flashing if she doesn't put them away," said another one of the guys. "It's more like stripping!"
"Want to grab them?" Madison suggested.
"What?!"
"Seriously?'l
"I've begged guys to grope me in the mall. I've worn even less to work. And in a park. This really isn't so bad!" One of the guys reached his hand up to touch her. Riley smacked it away.
"Riley! She asked for it!"
"Stop taking advantage of her! She's clearly a walking hormone right now!"
"I'm just a slut," Madison countered. "It's true." She sighed. Maybe she had been through enough humiliation for one day.
"Okay, Madison," Alyssa said softly. "Why don't you come with me? Leave the guys trying to assault you and the man-hating feminist and come with me and talk it out on our way home. I just want to make sure you're okay."
Madison nodded.
"But I never got to touch -"
"Zip it, Zeke!" Alyssa said. "Go to the Dancing Debbie. The girls will grind their ass on you for less money than you'd spend on a case of beer."
"Should I leave - leave my jeans unbuttoned?" Madison asked Alyssa.
"Sure, honey, if that's what you want. But let's pull your sweater down, cover these up, okay?" Alyssa reached over and pulled down the sweater, hiding Madison's breasts and the writing on her stomach. They walked out of the classroom with Alyssa's arm draped over Madison's shoulder.
They walked down the hall. Madison's jeans were still unzipped and folded down, and guys were taking notice. She relished the stares as she walked, feeling the eyes on her exposed thong.
"You had quite an eventful day," Alyssa said when they finally got outside. "Are you okay?"
"God - just - those guys staring at me - I just wanted to rip my clothes off right there in the hallway!"
"Wow. You - aside from being ab exhibitionist slut - are you okay?"
"Yeah, I'm fine. Just really horny." They laughed.
"You liked what happened to you today, didn't you?"
"Yes. I mean, it's embarrassing. But yes. And I really did want it. And thanks for getting me out of there, I was going to wind up getting gang fucked or something."
"Why don't we go somewhere to calm down?" Alyssa suggested.
"Like where?"
"I live by myself, I mean - we could go talk about it. Or go have a glass of wine and try to forget it."
"I don't think I'll ever forget it Madison said with a laugh. She shivered from the cold.
"You know, you could fix your pants if you're cold," Alyssa pointed out.
"Everybody thinks I'm such a whore anyway, does it make a difference?"
"Listen, Madison - it's not all about giving them what they want. You need to be comfortable too." But Madison just shrugged and walked on, jeans still unbuttoned.
"You know what you need, Madison?" Alyssa said as they approached her apartment.
"What?"
"You're a horny mess. I think you're so turned on by what happened today, you can't get it out of your head, can you?"
"Yeah, I mean - if I'm being honest, I loved it."
"What did you love about it? Being exposed as a slut, being humiliated, being thought of as a dirty little slut?"
"Oh my God," Madison thought. "How did she know?!" "Y-yes," Madison said. "I really, um - I honestly thought about - like, getting up to go to the bathroom and coming back - with my shirt hiked up where everyone could see it."
"Wow!"
"Yeah, that was before I started fantasizing and forgot where I was until class was over. Then I had to lift up my backpack and pretend I wasn't showing it on purpose."
"Wow," Alyssa said again. "So, um - what did you fantasize about?"
"Oh, honestly, just - about dressing even sluttier, like wearing a bikini to class. Or a sheer top that barely covers my tits. About handing the marker over and having guys write nasty shit on me. Wearing a short skirt and showing my cunt off to the professor."
"Madison, what's your darkest fantasy?"
"To, um - I mean - to be completely exposed as a slut to every - like - everybody. Friends, family, strangers..."
"And to suffer never-ending humiliation?"
"Yeah. And shame." Alyssa moved her hand from Madison's shoulder to her exposed side, wrapping her arm around her back. Madison was so turned on, but so stuck in a fantasy land she didn't even notice that she softly moaned in response.
"You know, I think it's really hot the way you wear sexy clothes every day. And show your thong on purpose."
"Thanks!" Madison said with a smile. "I think it's really hot the way you - you just seem to get me. Do you ever - I mean - like - fantasize about the same things?"
"Do you fantasize about having sex in class?" Alyssa asked.
"Yeah, like in a complete unrealistic fantasy, guys - and even girls - just using me, tying me to a desk and just - anyone, any hole, just a slut for hard use."
"Wow, so hot. And no, I don't fantasize about being humiliated."
"Oh." Madison sounded disappointed.
"But I do fantasize about doing the humiliating. Only when I'm in a really nasty mood though. That's why I think what you're doing is so hot."
"So you said I needed something. What do you think I need?" Madison asked.
"I think you need a tongue buried in your pussy, and your perky nipples played with."
"Mmmmm, God that sounds good."
"Like I said, I do live alone."
"Do you mean -"
"I do mean," Alyssa said, flirting back. "Only one thing."
"What?"
"I need you to do something for me. And it's going to be nasty."
"What?"
"Remember how I said I fantasize about doing the humiliating? I want to do it to you."
"How?"
"I want you to lick my ass. Bury your tongue in my hole. Use your filthy little mouth."
"Ohhh, Alyssa, I -"
"What?"
"I thought you wanted to get me away from people just trying to use me."
"I did. I'm not using you. I mean I am, but then I'm letting you use me. Ride my face. And I'll twist those little erect nipples into oblivion."
"God, Alyssa!" But she had her keys and was unlocking her door.
"Yes, Madison?"
Madison took off her backpack and flung it down. She looked back at Alyssa, phone in hand, recording her.
"Alyssa?"
"You're going to be my little ass-licking slut, aren't you, bitch? And I'm going to film the whole thing."
"Alyssa, you - wow, umm -"
"I think the words you were looking for were 'yes, miss."
"Um - yes - yes-"
"Miss. Or mistress if you prefer."
"Alyssa, I mean, Miss -"
"No names. You know. In case somebody accidentally gets a hold of this video."
"What about me?"
"There's plenty of nasty names I'm going to call you. Slut, cunt, whore, bitch."
"Okay - I get it."
"So I'll ask you again. You're going to be my little ass-licking slut, aren't you bitch?"
"Yes, Miss!"
"Lift up your shirt."
Madison lifted her sweater, exposing the writing on her stomach and her fork breasts.
"Now tell the camera what happened today."
"I, um - I went to class and, it was an accident - but - like - the whole class saw it."
"Saw what?"
"Slut, the word - here." She pointed to the markings on her body.
"Now, you said it was an accident, but you've fantasized about being exposed as a slut, haven't you?"
"Yeah - I mean, yes, Miss. All the time."
"And that slutty little outfit you have on, that wasn't an accident, was it?"
"No, Miss."
"That's right. You went out whoring yourself around in that on purpose. What kind of slut wears that to class?"
"A really dirty, filthy slut, Miss."
"Is that what you are?"
"Yes, Miss. I'm a very nasty, disgusting - worthless little slut." Alyssa started to stroke Madison's cheek.
"Just saying those words is turning you on, isn't it?"
"Yes, Miss."
"And you dress like this every day, don't you? Is that an accident?"
"No, no Miss. I dress like a slut always."
"Because you like to show your body off? Because it turns you on to expose yourself?"
"Yes, Miss."
"And is that why you sat in class today with your thong sticking out of your jeans?"
"I did it on purpose, Miss. so everyone could see my thong and think I'm a slut. They all knew I meant to do it."
"Good. And you didn't bother to cover up your writing, did you?"
"I got ashamed and covered it, but I got it back out and let the whole class see it again."
"And you unbuttoned your jeans, and walked back from class like that?"
"Yes. I flashed my tits to a few people in class, too."
"You're just too desperate and horny to help yourself, aren't you?"
"Yes, Miss."
"And do willing to be humiliated."
"Yes. A degraded."
"I brought you here to lick my ass, cunt. How does that make you feel?"
"Ummm - like a pathetic piece of shit, Miss."
"And does it turn you on to feel like a pathetic piece of shit?" Alyssa had pushed Madison to her knees and was squeezing her cheek.
"Oh, so much, I need it, Miss. Please - please let me lick your ass."
"Take your sweater off."
Madison pulled the sweater over her head and tossed it aside.
"And did you forget your bra today, slut?"
"N-no, I - I just went braless today."
Alyssa reached out and twisted Madison's left nipple for the camera.
"Ohhhh - mmmm!" Madison moaned.
"It hurts, doesn't it, bitch?"
"Yes, Miss, but - but I like the way it hurts."
"You're a slut."
"I'm a slut, Miss."
"Get on all fours. Take off everything."
Madison placed her hands on the floor. Awkwardly fumbling with her jeans, she managed to pull them to her thighs. Alyssa had pulled off her shoes and soon ripped the jeans and thong right off of her.
"Has anyone ever told you you're too hot to be this much of a slut?"
"Actually, yes, Miss."
"How did that make you feel?"
"It turns me on to be attractive but willing to give myself up, like - for - to be exposed and humiliated and be a slut."
"Follow me." Alyssa filmed as Madison crawled on all fours into the living room.
"Take off my shoes."
Madison gently removed her shoes as she filmed, breathing heavily the entire time.
"You know - before you get to my ass, I think - I think you need to earn it."
"How?"
"Suck on my feet, bitch."
Madison sat there, for half a second. She wasn't that into feet, but she was too turned on to say no. And she didn't know this was part of the plan.
"Now, cunt!"
"Yes, Miss!" Madison opened her mouth and Alyssa shoved the sole of her right foot directly against Madison's tongue. Madison moved her tongue up to the toes, and took Alyssa's largest toe into her mouth, sucking it, savoring it.
"Good, you nasty little whore. We should make this a regular thing. You're quite the little worthless cunt, aren't you?"
"Yes, Miss."
"Other foot."
Madison gave Alyssa's left foot the same treatment, taking it into her mouth, sucking her toes, licking her sole and her heel while Alyssa moaned in delight.
"Take my pants off, slut."
Madison did not say a word, she just reached up and unbuttoned Alyssa's pants and struggled to take them off as Alyssa sat there, motionless. Alyssa shoved her feet in Madison's face and let her suck on them again while she took off her shirt.
"Okay, I need to position the camera so I can watch later and see what a good ass-licking whore you are." Alyssa stood up and went across the room, positioning the phone on a nearby shelf. "Give me yours," she said. "Yours can film from the table."
"Yes, Miss." Madison started to worry that Alyssa would notice the large volume of homemade porn on her phone. But she went straight to the camera and set it up.
"Panties off, slut," Alyssa commanded. Madison sat up and pulled Alyssa's panties down to her ankles, and Alyssa proceeded to kick them off. She turned around and faced the couch, putting her knees on the seat and her breasts and elbows on the back of the couch, sticking her ass out toward Madison.
"Eat my ass you dirty cunt bitch!"
"Yes, Miss!" Madison said enthusiastically. She crawled over to Alyssa, approaching her hole. It didn't smell great, but she needed it. She stuck out her tongue and slowly, sensually spread Alyssa's cheeks and grazed her sphincter with her tongue.
"Ohhhhh yes, you dirty cunt!" Alyssa moaned. Madison felt herself getting more aroused and went in for a deeper, more sensational lick.
"Ohhhh, you're a nasty little whore, aren't you?"
"Yes, Miss."
"What kind of whore licks another girl's ass?" Alyssa moaned as Madison licked her again. This time, Madison let her tongue linger on Alyssa's rectum, and flicked it back and forth across its opening.
"Mmmm, a whore like me who gets off on it," Madison moaned. "I'm a dirty little slut and I live for licking ass!"
"Good. Now bury your face in there and don't come out!"
"Ohhhhh god yes, you little whore!" Alyssa moaned. Madison, aroused by Alyssa's desire, spread Alyssa's cheeks and pushed her face deep inside. Her nose was up against Alyssa's asshole, and Madison sucked in the flap of skin between her ass and kissy, teasing it with her tongue and teeth. It drove Alyssa wild, she started pounding her hand on the back of the couch.
"Mmmhmmm!" Madison moaned delightfully.
"Come on bitch!" Alyssa said forcefully. "Get your tongue back in there!" She reached behind her with her left hand and grabbed Madison's hair and forced her face deep into her ass. Madison responded by pressing her tongue against Alyssa's ass. She was so deep she could barely breathe, her tongue was pressed right into her classmate's crack.
"Show me how much you love being humiliated! How fucking hot it makes you!" Alyssa barked. "Come on, cunt, eat my fucking ass! Ohhhhh god, eat it! Yes!"
Alyssa now left Madison to her own devices as she moved her hand away from Madison's head and placed it under her body and started to finger herself.
"Ohhhh, you're such a nasty fucking whore! I fucking love filthy bitches licking my ass, worshipping me! Ohhhh yes, YES! Slutty cunts like you fucking humiliating yourself for me, ohhhh!"
"Mmmhmmm," Madison moaned.
"How's my ass taste, slut?"
"Mmmm, delicious, Miss," Madison said delightfully. She shoved her tongue deep, pushing it into Alyssa's rectum, trying to force it in past the sphincter.
"Hoooo, ohhhh, fuck! I can't believe Webslut Madison has her tongue up my ass, ohhhh!" Alyssa said gruffly.
"Mmmhmmm,' Madison moaned. Then, all of the sudden, she pulled back a bit, shocked. "Wait - what - what did you call me?"
"Webslut Madison. Now put your tongue back in my ass!"
"I never-"
"I know all about you, slut! Showing off, exposing yourself for all to see. Begging to be ruined! How did you think I knew you liked having your nipples pulled? Now eat my ass, so we can add this video to your little collection!"
"How did-"
"Eat my ass you three A.M. posting cunt!"
"Ohhhhh GOD!" Madison said. She pushed a finger into Alyssa's ass, trying to open it for he tongue to slide in. Sliding the finger out, she replaced it with her tongue, sending shock waves through Alyssa's body.
"Fuck!" Madison thought as she stuck her tongue as far inside as it would go. "She fucking knows all about me! Another classmate has seen it all! I'm getting do ruined and it's all I ever wanted! Ohhhh god, they're all going to be lining up to take turns on me, ohhhh God, I'm never going to teach, I'm - I'm turning myself into a whore!"
With her newfound motivation of arousal fueled by the added humiliation, Madison dove deep. She licked like the little whore she needed to be. Up and down, in and out.
"Ohhhhhh fuck, Webslut Madison knows how to eat ass!" Alyssa squealed. "GOD DAMN you get turned on when you get degraded!" Alyssa could feel how aroused Madison was - she could feel it all the way up her ass. She began to furiously rub her pussy, getting ever so close to exploding.
"I want you to cum for me, babe!" Madison called out in between licks.
"Ohhhhh you fucking dirty ass-eating slut!"
"Mmmmm, is that as nasty as you can be?" Madison teased.
"You disgusting shithole-licking piece of trash, eat my nasty sweaty ass!"
"Mmmmm!" Madison moaned.
"You going up beg me? Beg me to cum for you?"
"Ohhhh please, please, I want to see you cum!"
"I'm going to fucking squirt you nasty slut!"
"Ohhhhh yes, Miss, please squirt all over me!"
"Ohhhhhhhhhhh fuck!" Alyssa moaned. She was about to lose it. She grabbed Madison's head and pushed it down on the couch, spinning her around so her face was up toward the ceiling. And then, she squatted over Madison's face, her pussy inches away.
"Ohhhh! Ohhh!" Alyssa moaned. She exploded suddenly, sending streams of her squirt and juices all over Madison's face. It ran down Alyssa's leg, down Madison's chin and onto her tits. Alyssa could not squat any longer and plopped her cunt down directly on Madison's open mouth.
"Ohhhhh God you nasty fucking slutty cunt!" Alyssa said. She rocked back and forth, rubbing her pussy forcefully over Madison's nose, mouth and chin, riding her face until she came, a slightly less eventful but very intense orgasm.
"Godddd you are a nasty little thing!"
Madison caught her breath finally as Alyssa rolled over and sat next to her.
"I can't believe you didn't tell me!"
"That I knew?"
"Yeah!"
"I thought it would make the moment better."
"Yeah, you might have been right." Alyssa leaned over and gave Madison a passionate, open-mouth kiss, their tongues flicking against each other as Alyssa caressed Madison's body.
"So is everything on there for real?"
"Yeah, I mean - yeah. It's all legit."
"Wow."
"What?"
"You really are a slut!"
"I know," Madison said with a smile.
"Like - you really want to be exposed like that?"
"Yeah, it's - I mean, just thinking about it makes me so horny."
"Yeah, but - I mean - your talking about compete and utter ruination. Like, you won't be able to get a job. Everyone on campus will know you're a whore. Your reputation will be - I mean - nobody will see you as intelligent or worthwhile. Even your friends are going to look at you and just see a dumb slut."
"Yeah. I mean - I used to be on the fence about it. But lately I think I've accepted my fate. And it's worth it to me."
"To be degraded like that?"
"I'm really just a slut who gets off on being objectified."
"Yeah, I see that!" Alyssa rolled over and knelt beside Madison, on the floor, while Madison sat on the couch.
"I honestly - I didn't even know you were into girls."
"I didn't know you were either, until I saw you going down on one in your little videos."
"You know how to make me feel like a stupid cunt, though."
"And now I'm going to make it all worth it," Alyssa said, smiling. She spread Madison's legs and began to tease her, kissing her inner thigh.
"So what's next for you?" Alyssa asked.
"What do you mean?"
"Now that you've been outed to our whole class."
"I wouldn't call that outed quite yet," Madison said. "Mmmmm, whew! That feels nice!"
"Why not?"
"Because they don't all know about Webslut Madison."
"How do you know?"
"I mean - I don't - but you're only the second person from school who has said anything. I mean - and one other person has known for a while, so that's three."
"What if they just aren't telling you they know?"
"Come on. The guys would be lining up to fuck me, arguing over who gets to use me first!"
"And what would you fo about that?" Alyssa stuck her tongue out and lightly grazed Madison's pussy.
"Mmmm, I'd let them all use me - one, two, even three at a time. Ohhhhh!"
"That's my good girl."
"So that's next - ohhhh - making sure the whole school knows - yes! Yes!"
"Mmmhmmm," Alyssa said, plunging her tongue deep into Madison's pussy before pulling out again. "And do you mean that for real or are you just too horny to stop it?"
"I mean it for - ohhhh, for real - I'm - I need to be exposed, babe! I need it soooo, soooo bad! Ohhhhh yeah!" Alyssa started sucking on Madison's clit as Madison planned out her next slut adventure.
"And after that?"
"Ohhhh - after that I'm - I need everyone to - to just - ohhhhh, to completely ruin my reputation. Ohhhh God, I want someone to post everything on social media like I have been doing - ohhhhh yes, baby! And just leave it, ohhhh!"
"And will you just fuck any random person that wants you?"
"God yes! And have no choice but to turn into a whore!"
"A two dollar whore?" Alyssa started fingering Madison gently as she sucked ok her clit, rolling her sensitive skin between her lips and tongue.
"Ohhhh, ohhhh, yes, eat my pussy! I'll be a two dollar whore, babe, would you like that?"
"I'd love to see you used and humiliated like that!" Alyssa sucked harder on Madison's clit, fingering her a little harder.
"Ohhhh god yes! I'm already so far gone, so - so ruined - I've already lost complete control - I - ohhhhhh yes! I can't control my videos! I can't control my reputation and ohhhhh fuck babe! I definitely didn't control my desires! Ohhhh my fantasies! They're all coming true babe!"
"Mmmhmmm," Alyssa said. She kept licking Madison's pussy and sucking on her clit, knowing she had started a fire in Madison that would only be extinguished with an orgasm.
"Ohhhh I'll - I'll dress like even more of a whore - I'll - yessss! I'll get a slut tattoo - ohhhhh, I'll - I'll write on myself every day, where everyone can see it. Webslut - ohhhh fuck' Webslut Madison! So the whole school knows! I'll let them. GOD IM GOING TO LET THEM ALL USE ME LIKE A SLUT!" She screamed.
"LINE UP! EXPOSED!" Madison called out. She was so horny and about to explode she could not even form sentences. "WEBSLUT! Ohhhhh! "RUINED! FOREVER!"
"Mmmhmmm!" Alyssa moaned in agreement, working quickly now, fingering and sucking greedily.
"USED! CONSTANTLY!" Madison shrieked. "DEGRADE ME! ALL OVER MY BODY! WEBSLUT MADISON! SO THEY ALL SEE! Ohhhh I'm cumming, I'm cumming, ohhhh YES baby, eat me! Ohhhhhhh fuck!"
Madison shrieked and shook and quivered and rolled. Her orgasm pulsed through her like an earthquake. Alyssa bit down on her clit and twisted her left nipple, and Madison came again instantly, shrieking, convulsing, screaming out "I'M A SLUT!" at the top of her lungs.
Madison rolled over onto her stomach, exhausted. Alyssa climbed up and joined her on the couch after retrieving a couple of beers from the fridge.
"Madison, you're quite the little dirty talker," Alyssa said, handing her a beer. The girls leaned back on the couch and Madison leaned her head on Alyssa's shoulder.
"Yeah, I - I get really into it," she said. "And I probably say some things that are more fantasy than reality. But then they usually wind up coming true anyway."
"So, really - what's next. I mean you - your videos are everywhere. And here's one more - two more really - to add to your collection."
"Yeah - I really don't know," Madison said.
"You know - I hope you're okay. I worry about you! What if you can't get a job teaching because of all this?"
"Yeah - honestly, I don't know. It's probably getting to a point where, you know - I'm not sure I could. Or not one I want anyway."
"Yeah. I mean - do you still want to be a teacher?"
"Sometimes. But mostly I just - I mean I - I want to be a slut. And a Webslut."
"So what are you still doing in school?"
"Huh?"
"I mean, I'd be pissed if - I don't judge, you know. If I had a daughter your age - and she wanted to be exposed and be a slut, I mean, I wouldn't judge, but like - you don't need to go to school to be a slut, you know?"
"Yeah, just show off and take a lot of cock!" Madison said with a laugh.
"Yeah, so I'd be pissed if I paid tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars for my daughter to go to school and she decided she'd rather be an amateur porn star or a Webslut."
"Yeah." Alyssa started to rub Madison's leg.
"And - are you really going to write stuff on yourself and - you know - like - let the whole school know what you really are?"
"I mean - it would be hot just to - to write something different on my body, where everyone could see and I would not be able to cover it up. Really get a reputation. Would be so degrading, and I'd never be able to take it back, but..." she trailed off.
"But?"
"But the orgasms would be so intense!"
"Yeah."
"Just - be careful, you know? I mean, you have sex with lots of people, just stay safe."
"Yeah."
"I don't want to see you end up catching something, you know?"
"Yeah," Madison laughed. "I haven't really been the best about that, I know. I practically never use condoms, just - probably because I stopped with my last boyfriend when I went on the pill. And I honestly have lost count of how many people I've had sex with at this point."
"Wow - I mean - whoa. Like, ballpark?"
"Maybe twenty-five?" She guessed. "Guys and girls. I mean - let's see - you, I fucked a guy last week. There was one guy on my trip, the guy I went ok there trip with - that's four so far. Six more in the gangbang, my old boss, the girl in the videos..." Madison trailed off. "And do you count swallowing someone's cum from a condom or letting a guy blow his load on your face? I guess maybe I'm not so bad, but I've been getting a LOT worse recently. And I - I'm sure there are a lot I'm forgetting."
"Yeah, hey, as long as the tests come back negative, right? But you still need to, you know - maybe think about that stuff too, right?"
"Well, I mean, it's not like I-"
"Not like you what? Get tested?!"
"Not really."
"Madison! I mean - when was the last time you -"
Madison shook her head. "I've never -"
"Madison! You need to get tested! Especially as much as you've been sleeping around, I mean - really you should do it at least every month or so!"
"Yeah, I should," she admitted. "I guess I just figured - if I don't let anyone with warts or open sores -"
"Damn! Now you have ME worried! I - you licked my ass, but damn! Your tongue was probably nastier than my ass!"
"Yep! I'm the only girl who can lick your ass and actually make your ass dirtier!"
"Get tested, please?"
"I will." The girls shared a kiss, and sat in a long embrace, both satisfied. But Madison's mind could not stop. She was already thinking ahead - she only had about three months of school left, and she needed to make them the wildest three months yet. She knew that if she didn't, she'd never forgive herself.