Mixed Emotions
Ch:03 Dana's Introduction
Author's notes:
1. This is a work of fiction. The activities and practices described in this series are neither condoned nor recommended. If you choose to do anything described in real life with real people you do so at your own risk.
2. All characters are fictional and any likeness to any living person is purely coincidental.
3. The chapters are numbered in a sequence for a reason. It is recommended that they be read in numerical order.
--------------------------------------------
Greg read the text from Marcie on his cell phone twice.
"You have a business appointment in the Dungeon at 10.30 pm. Don't be late."
It had been a strange Saturday. He had been away on a business trip since Tuesday and had only arrived home this afternoon to find that both Marcie and Dana were quiet and seemed to be bitchy. He hadn't been able to say anything right since arriving home and seemed to get his head bitten off if he tried. Oh well, women, he rationalised – they would tell him what the problem was in due course – or not.
So after dinner Greg noticed that Dana and Marcie both left the table in silence and went to their bedrooms. Unusual for Dana because she would usually be collected after dinner by her current boyfriend, Todd at present but subject to change without notice, Greg surmised. But not tonight. She hadn't even spoken with Gabby because Greg knew that their neighbours were away for the night, due back tomorrow morning. So, at a loss for what to do, Greg was dealing with the emails that had piled up while he had been away. He was part way through that when he received the text from Marcie.
This puzzled him for a bit, but then he supposed that Marcie wanted some sexual release so was making a date with him. Maybe she was horny and that was why she had acted so bitchy to him this evening. He glanced at his watch – 8.22pm – what should he wear to a business meeting? Pragmatically he decided smart casual would be best – exactly what he was wearing at present. No point dressing up, he surmised, the clothes will probably come off soon after he arrived.
Dana was in her room, lying on her bed reading for her college assignment. She was pissed because Todd had chosen this weekend to go out of town for a car race meeting. She was missing him already and, with Gabby also away for the night, felt she had been abandoned. She'd tried to phone Todd but there was no answer – he'd better not be out with another girl, she muttered to herself.
Meanwhile Marcie was in her bedroom ensuite prettying herself up for her date. She was amazed how horny she felt after only a week without sex. Her pussy area had been tender for a few days after their last Dungeon adventure, but once that had worn off, by about Wednesday, she had been feeling increasing levels of horniness. Her vibrator just didn't seem to reduce this – she realised that she was becoming addicted to sexual adventures rather than just run of the mill stimulation and orgasms. She felt she needed the feeling of living dangerously.
So tonight she had thought to set up a business meeting with Greg in the Dungeon and see what happened. She had no idea where it would go to after she had initiated the process – that was one of the exciting parts of the adventure. She had planned her initial part carefully and was now in the process or organising that while Greg caught up with his emails.
After reading Marcie's text, Greg's mind was only partly on his emails and he worked mechanically while running scenarios through his mind of how tonight could develop. He realised that with Dana home they couldn't do a great deal of noisy love making, so he was expecting a reasonably subdued, but nonetheless enjoyable, session.
At 10.25 Greg decided it was time to leave for his appointment. He made a couple of drinks for Marcie and himself and walked downstairs to the basement, noticing as he did so that the door was partly open and a dim light was illuminating the lower steps. On entering the Dungeon he noticed that Marcie was seated primly at a desk wearing a mid-grey suit consisting of jacket and mid-thigh length skirt and a white conservatively buttoned blouse. In front of her she had a memo pad and pen and, with her glasses poised on the end of her nose and long hair tied tightly in a French roll, she looked the epitome of the efficient and effective secretary. Greg noticed that her outfit was even completed with a pair of black high heels over seamed stockings, with the seams running arrow straight down her calves. A scented candle burned on each of the side tables beside the king size bed.
"Good evening, Marcie," Greg greeted her formally. "I hope I haven't kept you waiting for our appointment."
"Good evening, Greg," Marcie replied, "Your timing is impeccable and I am pleased to see that you thought to bring us some refreshments. Thank you."
Greg placed the glasses on the desk and bent down to kiss Marcie, who moved away.
"We'll have none of that nonsense, thank you," she said indignantly. "This is a business meeting not an orgy."
"Oh," said Greg, somewhat taken aback, "Whatever you wish."
Then sitting down he again formally addressed Marcie "So do we have an agenda for this meeting? I didn't seem to receive one and nor did I receive Minutes from our last meeting here. You just can't trust the mail delivery these days."
"The Minutes of the last meeting were reasonably brief so I didn't send them out to you, thinking that it would be better to present them in person. Briefly they were that there was some concern about a person hanging around in the area, the vacancy that was apparent at the time was filled to perfection and that the situation seemed to be coming to a head on several levels.
"I now move that the Minutes of the last meeting be confirmed. Those who agree that they are a true and accurate record of the last meeting please say 'Aye'."
"Aye," said Greg formally.
"Thank you," replied Marcie. "Now for matters arising from the Minutes, and I sincerely hope that there will be a something large arising from them tonight, since the last meeting the situation has failed to resolve itself, resulting in a certain party becoming concerned at the prolonged and critical vacancy that has resulted from your time away from the orifice, oops, office. It is that vacancy which we need to fill at this meeting in the hope that you will be able to come on board and remedy the situation."
Greg lifted his glass, as did Marcie, and they toasted the success of their venture this evening.
Marcie then informed Greg that the remainder of the meeting was to be conducted in an experiential rather than exclusively verbal manner and, true to her word, stood up and asked Greg to stand also. She then started rubbing herself against Greg while slowly and seductively undoing the buttons on his shirt. She carefully removed the shirt. When Greg attempted to reciprocate by trying to undo her jacket she batted his hands away.
"Keep your hands to yourself," she ordered.
Marcie undid the belt and buttons on his trousers, removed his shoes and trousers and left him standing in just his silky boxers. All this took several minutes and at the end Greg was not the only thing that was standing there.
Greg felt a series of jolts as the blood found its way into his cock and his cock stood to attention. A week without sex had taken its toll on Greg as well. He felt Marcie grab his pole through his underwear and tow him over to the bed, directing him to sit at the head of the bed with his legs crossed. His cock stood up obscenely forming a tent in his loose boxers.
Marcie gave Greg a sloppy and lingering kiss on the mouth and then did the same to his cock through his boxers, causing it to jerk uncontrollably. She then almost fully closed the door, went to the CD player pressed play. Immediately raunchy, stripper-type music filled the room. Marcie began swaying her hips to the beat of the music, rubbing her hands on her clothes over her breasts, abdomen, hips, pussy and thighs. Slowly she would dance closer to Greg, taking care to stay just out of reach. She began undoing the buttons on her jacket, slowly, slowly, teasing Greg with glimpses of her blouse underneath. Then with a flourish she removed the jacket and threw it at Greg. She then began the same process with her blouse, one button at a time, slowly, slowly.
Meanwhile, in her bedroom upstairs, Dana had heard the faint sound of music. She was used to the types of music her parents played – classical, jazz and country – but this was none of those. This was far raunchier, the type of music you would expect to hear at a strip joint maybe, she had only ever been inside one once, when Todd took her one night to a club where a friend of his was working as the doorman and so let them both in, and had also heard this type of music on R rated movies. Intrigued she opened her door, the music grew in volume, and she quietly traced it to its source. It was coming from the room downstairs. She had noticed during the past few weeks that a lot of the stuff that had been stored there had been taken to the dump, but she had not seen inside it since then because now the door was always locked. So carefully she crept down the stairs and peeked through the gap left by the almost closed door.
"Omigod," she said in a hushed whisper, "I don't believe what I'm seeing."
What she was seeing was her Dad stripped to his undershorts, sitting on the bed while her Mom was performing a striptease in front of him. She had never seen anything like it in her life. To her, sex was something that young people did; she had never thought of her parents as sexual people – they were too old for that, weren't they? Obviously not. She watched spellbound as her Mom removed her blouse and threw it at her Dad. He caught it and clasped it to his nose, smelling her womanly perfume. Then she noticed his hard cock tenting his underwear and stifled a gasp with her hand. Her other hand found its own way to her pussy lips, starting a gentle persistent rubbing in time with the music.
Marcie reached behind her back and undid the button and zip to her skirt, then unfastened her belt and began sliding her skirt over her hips. Greg could feel the tension building inside himself as he wondered what Marcie was wearing under her skirt. Inch by inch it was lowered and Marcie kept her hips swinging in time to the music, and gradually a garter belt which held her stockings was revealed with a pair of lacy pink G string panties beneath. Marcie stepped out of her skirt and kicked it onto the bed with the toe of her shoe, never missing a beat with the rhythm of her hips.
Next came her bra; she unfastened the clasp and then held the cups over her breasts, partially lifting each cup occasionally to give Greg a peep as she kept up the hypnotic movements to the throbbing rhythm. Greg was spellbound, fascinated by watching Marcie's striptease, but he also noticed a slight movement of the door and caught a glimpse of blonde hair in the opening. As Marcie sashayed closer to him he indicated for her to come closer still and, by sign language, indicated that he wanted to kiss her. Marcie came closer, offering Greg the opportunity to remove her bra. As he was doing so Greg was able to whisper into her ear "Dana's watching."
Marcie did not reply but danced backwards into the room again, swaying her freed breasts seductively. As she turned around to show Greg her arse she looked towards the door and also noticed that there was someone watching from the shadows in the hallway outside. A shiver ran down her spine with the thought that Dana was getting a first-hand lesson in love making. She continued dancing and over the next 15 minutes she removed her garter belt, peeled her stockings seductively off each leg in turn, and finally removed her lacy pink G string panties, leaving her totally naked. She did a few turns, bent over to touch the floor, showing off all her attributes to both Greg and Dana.
Meanwhile Dana was beside herself with lust. Her finger was no longer just rubbing her pussy lips, she had a finger in her pussy and was twisting her nipples on her breasts with her other hand. Her juices were running down her legs under her sheer, mid-thigh night dress and she was moving her hips in fucking motions as she breathed hard and tried, unsuccessfully, to stifle any sounds. When Marcie bent over, facing Greg, and pulled her cunt lips apart it was too much for Dana. With a stifled moan she sat on the floor and came hard.
Marcie smiled to herself as she hear the muted groan from Dana, then danced to the end of the bed and crawled up the bed to Greg, who by now had his cock in his hand and was rubbing it gently. Grabbing each side of his shorts Marcie pulled them off his legs and feet, leaving him naked as well. She then crawled up his legs and buried his cock in her mouth. After two or three strokes she released it and continued crawling over Greg.
"Fuck me," she said into his ear. "Make me cum like there's no tomorrow. And if you cum before I've had at least three orgasms I'll have your balls for earrings."
Greg grabbed her and rolled over, placing her face-up on the bed. He then rolled her over, placed her hands above her head, spread her legs wide. He walked across the room to the CD player and inserted a CD of seductive new age music and, aware of the show his rigid cock was putting on for Dana, went to the side table where he carefully poured some massage oil into the small bowl from the drawer, poured some of it into his hand and placed the bowl back on the table. He then warmed the oil in both his hands and started carefully spreading it onto Marcie's back, commencing at the shoulders. He began by rubbing lightly, concentrating on spreading the oil, concentrating also on reducing the feelings of urgency in his need to cum. Gently and expertly he gave Marcie a wonderfully erotic yet relaxing massage, relaxing her muscles while increasing the sexual tension and expectation as he massaged her entire back, sides, neck, shoulders and backside, ignoring the cleft between her buttocks. He then moved further down the bed, added some more oil to his hands, and beginning at her knees massaged down her calves and feet, before returning to her knees and working upwards, massaging the insides of her thighs with slow, gentle circular motions.
Gradually, very gradually, he moved his hands upwards towards her pussy, taking many minutes to progress an inch, until his hands were in the crevices between her cunt lips and her upper thighs. He then added a little more oil to his hands and gently started massaging up and down in these grooves, slowly increasing the inward pressure and reaching deeper down towards the bed, causing her cunt lips to massage each other. Marcie let out a low groan and started moving in time to the movements of his hands, trying to increase the stimulation, humping her pelvic region erotically. Greg felt that she was starting to tense her muscles, her breathing was becoming more ragged and faster, she was writhing in pre-orgasmic bliss and then she exploded, muffling her cries in the pillow, thrashing around on the bed as she came in a shattering orgasm.
So did Dana. Watching her mother being aroused and stimulated to orgasm was too much for the girl. As her mother came, so did she, collapsing to the floor and letting out a barely restrained moan of ecstasy as her fingers went wild in her cunt and she spilled her juices on the carpet.
"Omigod, omigod, omigod," she quietly muttered over and over.
Greg waited until Marcie had more or less recovered, spending a few moments with his body resting gently on her back with his cock resting in her well-lubricated pussy trench. How easy it would be to simply fuck her now and spurt my cum inside her – would she really castrate me, he thought. Best not find out.
After several minutes Greg turned Marcie over onto her back. The first thing Greg noticed in the dim light was that Marcie had shaved her pussy. Instead of being covered with lush brown fur it was now bare except for a 'landing strip' half an inch wide running from just above her clit hood towards her navel. Greg's cock gave an extra jolt at the sight. He started the massage again, massaging her front this time, beginning at her shoulders, avoiding her breasts, pussy and inner thighs, focusing on gentle, sensual touches. Dana also recovered some degree of composure and silently stood once again to have a better view of proceedings.
Once Greg reached Marcie's feet on his first pass he returned to her upper chest and began gently and caressingly massaging her breasts, one at a time, omitting the nipples. He developed a rhythmic progression, starting at the top of each breast, massaging around both sides, kneading the tit flesh deeply and then his hands would meet again at the base of the breast, then the process would be repeated on the other breast, back and forth between breasts, over and over again.
Marcie felt she was going berserk. She really, really, really wanted Greg to rub her nipples, to increase the stimulation so she could cum, but he steadfastly avoided this. The gentle rhythmic massage sent wonderful sensations to her clit, but these were not quite enough to cause her to cum. She would feel herself start to tense up, trying to increase the sensations and drive herself to orgasm, but Greg would simply lighten up the massage pressure and she would be forced to relax. How long could she stand this amount of pleasure, she wondered.
Dana could see what was happening but could only guess at the sensations that were coursing through her mother's body. She attempted to duplicate the movements, gently caressing her own breasts including her nipples and feeling the erotic sensations shooting to her clit. She moved her right hand down to rub her clit gently, well lubricated by her copious juices. She could feel herself starting to climb the slope towards orgasm once again.
After many minutes of kneading massage, Greg began lightly brushing against Marcie's nipples. At first Marcie was unsure whether it was by accident or design, but as the brushing increased she accepted that it was by design. Each touch on her nipple sent an electric shock straight to her clit, causing her body to give a small jolt. Gradually Greg moved from massaging the sides of her breasts to gently massaging her nipples, which sent a stream of enormously erotic sensations straight to Marcie's clit.
"Oooohhh," she murmured, writhing under Greg's ministrations and starting humping her hips in sexual arousal.
Dana was close. She was in a real quandary – to cum and maybe miss seeing the culmination of Dad getting Mom off, or to reduce the stimulation and wonderful feelings permeating her body and delay her orgasm. She chose the latter, reducing the rate of clit rubbing and easing up on the pressure on her nipples. She just seemed to be hanging in her own world of sexual ecstasy, watching the scene unfold before her eyes.
Meantime Marcie was gradually but steadily moving closer towards her own orgasm. Each time Greg rubbed his hands over her nipples the sensations were amazing, pushing her closer and closer to her ultimate release. She could tell that this was going to be a big one but it seemed there was nothing she could do to hasten its arrival. Then Greg took both her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers and started rolling them gently. The sensations pushed Marcie over the brink. She let out a loud cry and her body writhed convulsively under Greg's hands.
"Aaarrgghh!" she cried, bucking her hips as the massively sexual sensations pulsed through her overloaded nerves.
For what seemed like hours, but was possibly only a minute, she was lost to the world in her own world of blissful orgasm. Greg looked on amazed that his prim, proper and conservative wife could respond as she did. His cock was drooling precum and standing rigidly to attention, impatiently waiting its turn to cum as he watched Marcie slowly come down from her sexual high.
Dana couldn't delay any longer. The sight of her Mom having her huge orgasm was too much. With a final frenzied fingering of her clit and twisting of her nipple she was over the edge and collapsed onto the floor in her own orgasm, the continuous mewling noises escaping from her throat being drowned out by the sounds from the bed. She sat there, panting and gasping, in part from her own orgasm but also from the orgasmic power and beauty she had witnessed from her parents.
So that's number two, thought Greg as he looked lovingly as his wonderful wife, one away from keeping my balls safe. As Marcie came back to earth Greg once again oiled his hands and resumed the massage of the whole front of her body, except her pussy area and inside her thighs. Gently her massaged her back to present reality, telling her how wonderfully sexy she was and how he was blown away by the power and beauty of her orgasm.
Then gradually he again began to focus his massage, this time bringing Marcie's attention to her inner thighs and pussy. He worked his way up her thighs, then returned to work his way down her abdomen, down each side of her 'landing strip' over the silky, sensitive, newly shaved skin to the join lines between her thighs and cunt lips. Over and over his hands made this journey – up her inner thighs, down her lower abdomen. Marcie's mind was internally screaming for him to just rub her clit and let her cum, but she stayed silent except for the occasional moan or quiet mewling that escaped her throat.
Dana had recovered and was again standing so she could take in the action on the bed. Her swollen clit and nipples had become quite numb from overuse so as she watched her parents she just gently touched her inner thighs and abdomen, gaining some erotic sensations from that.
Marcie was in heaven. She was still recovering from two of the best orgasms she had ever achieved and Greg continued to massage all the right places – well, nearly all – gently and lovingly. She felt waves of love and gratitude for having such a wonderfully caring husband. She also felt an increasing need to cum once again. What am I becoming, she wondered. It seems I'm just never satisfied. The more I cum the more I want to cum. Then she just relaxed into the wonderful sensuous massage that Greg was giving, feeling the tiny electric jolts in her clit as nerves were stimulated, and wishing he'd just get on with it and fuck her.
Gradually the focus of Greg's massage changed, centering more on Marcie's clit area. He ran his fingers up and down the grooves between her silky lips and upper thighs, squeezing her lips together, causing them to indirectly massage her clit which was now showing itself from inside its hood. Marcie's body was reacting strongly to his massaging; her hips took on a life of their own making fucking motions while the rest of her body was far from still. With his thumb he caressed her exposed clit as he continued massaging her lips. Marcie groaned. Each time Greg moved his fingers upwards along the lips he would brush his thumb against her clit, each time eliciting a moan. He shortened the length of the movement, increasing the frequency of rubbing against her clit, so the moans were nearly continuous now.
Marcie felt herself building to the big one, as if the others hadn't been. Each time Greg touched her clit (at last!) the jolt through her body was amazing. She was no longer slowly approaching orgasm – she was now on an express train ride. Just one more, just another one, just one more and I must get there, one more. She focussed on the 'one more', feeling the sexual tension growing beyond anything she had ever felt, one more , one more , one .....
And then she was there! Her body thrashed about, she screamed loudly, she felt like she was being electrocuted as every nerve in her body short-circuited, she lost track of who she was, where she was, what was happening. All she knew was that she had never felt this before and never wanted to stop feeling this.
Dana was enthralled watching her Mom having the biggest orgasm of her life. She could not imagine what it must feel like, she just knew that she wanted to have orgasms like that also. Her hands had a life of their own as she finger fucked herself to a massive orgasm, again slumping down on the floor, writhing in sexual release and listening to the sounds from her Mom.
Greg watched Marcie in absolute awe. He had never thought that a woman could have such an orgasm, had never seen anyone in throes of such wild emotions. He continued to gently massage her clit with one hand while massaging her lips with the other. He watched her juices flow from her cunt, saturating the bed, and kept up the massage. Marcie's orgasm continued, it had now been at least two minutes since she started but it appeared that as long as Greg maintained the stimulation, Marcie continued to orgasm. How long can this continue, Greg wondered. He continued the massage.
Dana had never heard of an orgasm lasting more than about half a minute. None of hers had lasted nearly that long. Yet her Mom was still going after at least three minutes, while her Dad was still massaging her clit and lips. It seemed like time had stopped. How long could this continue, she wondered. Then the scene changed.
Greg wondered also how long Marcie could keep going, but he also had another problem. Just watching Marcie in the throes of orgasm was very erotic and he was about to lose his load. So he stopped the massage and gently laid on Marcie, allowing his huge rigid cock to find its own way to her opening, then pushing it gently into her gaping flowing cunt, in one move reaching the end so that it was nestling alongside her cervix. The additional new sensation caused Marcie to go into overdrive, fucking her hips to try to get more of Greg, massaging his cock with her spasming cunt muscles. Greg lay there trying not to move, hanging on to avoid being thrown off by Marcie's bucking and fucking. He felt the cum rising in his balls, the sensations increasing until at last he was cumming, squirting huge amounts of hot sperm into the end of Marcie's cunt. It felt like it was never going to stop. Marcie also felt the hot cum filling her cunt and thrashed about in a renewed frenzy, her talented cunt muscles milking his cock of all its cum while Greg held on.
Dana could not believe her eyes. Here was her Dad fucking her Mom in front of her eyes. She had opened the door a bit more so she could get a better view – as if they would notice, she thought – and watched in awe as her parents coupled frantically on the bed in front of her. With three fingers in her cunt and her other hand rubbing her swollen clit, she was cumming, hard, but stayed upright, leaning against the door frame, so she didn't miss seeing any of the action. Gradually the movements of the couple slowed down, their breathing became more regular, then they lay still, Greg's cock still deeply embedded in Marcie.
Shit, thought Dana, I've gotta go. I don't want them to catch me watching here. Removing her hand from her cunt, she picked up her sheer nightie (when had she taken that off, she wondered), readjusted the door and, after a final glance at the bed, walked silently up the stairs to her bedroom.
Greg and Marcie finally came back to earth. Their copulating turned to a cuddle as they kissed each other deeply.
"Whew," said Greg, "That was some night."
"Honey, you were absolutely marvelous. Who would have thought that I could have felt what I did tonight? And that last orgasm just went on and on, I think it could have continued forever. I am just so lucky to have you and so grateful for the way that you complete my life."
Greg gave Marcie yet another long, lingering kiss. Slowly he rolled off Marcie and sat up, looking towards the door. No sign of Dana.
"I hope Dana liked what she saw," said Greg.
"I'd completely forgotten about her. How much did she see, do you know?" asked Marcie.
"The lot, I guess. I don't know when she left but if I had been her I'd have stayed to the end."
"Do you think she came as she watched us?" asked Marcie.
"Is the earth round?" retorted Greg. "Of course she came – at least twice from what I heard but probably at least three times because your cries would have drowned hers out for the last one."
"Was I noisy?" asked Marcie innocently.
"Very!" replied Greg. "Probably only enough to wake the dead though. A good job that our neighbors are away tonight."
Greg and Marcie got off the bed, finished their drinks and blew out the candles.
"We'll clean that mess up tomorrow," said Marcie. "Right now I feel like a shower with you then bed for sleep," she grinned.
They went out, leaving the door open (no secrets from Dana anymore), climbed the stairs and slipped into their ensuite shower, luxuriating in the warm water. In the well-lit bathroom Greg was able to inspect Marcie's new landing strip. The hair that Marcie had left was trimmed short to about half an inch in length.
"So that's what you were doing this afternoon," he commented. "Will you be keeping it like this?"
"Yup," she said, "Like it? If you want it like that you will need to do the maintenance from now on though."
"I like it very much," he replied. "Now I won't get so many hairs in my teeth. I think I will be able to manage the maintenance but it could prove costly," he grinned.
They both laughed. Marcie cupped Greg's balls.
"I'm pleased you only came after I had cum three times. These look lots better on you than on my ears, I would imagine."
"Glad you think so," replied Greg. "I must admit, watching you was so amazingly erotic that I nearly came several times before your last orgasm."
"So would you let me cut your balls off? Castrate you? I would give you hormone supplements so you could still get it up, it's just that you wouldn't have any balls. Would that be too much of a price to pay for wonderfully sexy sessions with your wife?"
"Omigod, you wouldn't really would you?" asked Greg, realising that just maybe she would.
"Why not?" asked Marcie, "If you had sexual hormone replacement then what's the difference? After all, women have their ovaries removed for some medical procedures, but that doesn't make them any less a woman. Why should castration with hormone therapy make you any less a man? In fact, as you get older and the amount of testosterone your balls make decreases, perhaps you would retain even more of your sexual urges if you were ball-less with hormone therapy than if you were left natural."
"The difference is that these are my balls and I'm rather attached to them." He smiled at the double meaning. "Besides, if I did let you remove them, what would you let me do to you? Could I remove your clit? That would probably make it difficult or impossible for you to cum, which would probably serve you right. And anyway, how did we get so serious about this topic? We've just had an amazing sex session as a loving couple and here we are talking about mutilating those parts of us which allow us to have this type of session. Seems strange to me."
"And to me," agreed Marcie. "I was just wondering how you would respond. After all, this time it was three cums, maybe some time it will be more. Maybe sometime I will make you cum before you fulfill your obligation."
"I think," began Greg carefully, "That at least for the foreseeable future we should confine thoughts of castration and clitorectomy to sexual fantasy land. Perhaps there is some way we could simulate these without taking steps that are irretrievable. Anyway, that's food for thought for future sessions. Tonight I just want to curl up in bed with my lovely wife and sleep."
"Agreed. You were wonderful tonight, I just can't wait till next time."
"So what are we going to do about Dana?" worried Greg. "We can't simply undo our sexual demonstration. She'll be 18 next Friday and after that she can go out and fuck whoever she wants quite legally. Perhaps it's best if we provide some guidance for her so that she knows that it's OK to fuck and she doesn't have to do that in the back of a car somewhere."
"Leave Dana to me. I'll have a woman-to-woman chat with her tomorrow morning.
"Great, thanks. You're far better doing that than I would be. I'll be really interested to hear how it goes."
Greg and Marcie got out of the shower, dried each other, and walked hand in hand to bed. The last thing they felt before entering a deep sleep was Greg running his fingers through Marcie's new landing strip and Marcie gently holding Greg's balls.