Everyone in this story is over the age of 18.
As always, comments and messages are welcome.
Enjoy!

CHAPTER 1


The Seed is Planted

"So, what are your plans this weekend?" Harvey asked his girlfriend whilst on the phone to her.
"Not sure, I think we are going out on Friday night." Daisy told him.
Daisy went to university a few months ago, which Harvey was so proud of her for doing, but he missed her and although he tried to hide it, he got jealous knowing she was out drinking a lot and he worried about other guys around her.
"Sounds like fun." Harvey bluntly replied.
"When are you next coming to visit me?" She asked, picking up on his bad mood about her enjoying herself.
"I'm not sure, maybe next weekend?" Harvey asked.
"Maybe, I am performing next Saturday." Daisy replied having joined the cheerleading team, which just made it even harder for them to meet up. Harvey worked a Monday - Friday job so only his weekends were free, but Daisy had cheerleading most weekends.
"Oh okay, just let me know." He replied annoyed.
"I should get going, I love you." Daisy said, getting tired of Harvey always being in a bad mood with her.
"I love you too." Harvey replied and they both put the phone down.
Lying back on his bed, Harvey was annoyed, what made it worse was how horny he was. Before going to university, Daisy and Harvey were having sex constantly. He's only been able to see her once since going to university and he was definitely missing it.
Harvey worked hard at the gym and knew he had a good, toned body. He wasn't the tallest, but he loved how much Daisy almost drooled over his abs. But right now he wasn't getting any attention at all.
For a few weeks he has been contemplating going to online chat rooms to get his fix, except he always considered that as cheating. But tonight, his mind was changed. Annoyed by how much fun Daisy was having without him and in need of relief Harvey decided to find a chat room and find a woman he can talk dirty with.
It's only online chatting, completely anonymous, no harm in that.He thought.
After flicking through a few, Harvey went onto one called Adult18+. Signing in as a guest, all he had to put was his age, 19 and sex, male.
Within a few minutes he had 5 messages pop up. The first two read.
"Hey boy, are you horny for some older cock?"
"I'd love to suck on that young dick right now!"
Harvey quickly deleted these, the rest were similar, except for the last that just said.
"Hey, how are you?"
Harvey saw that it was a male so he exited it. Looking through everyone online there must have been only a handful of females on there.
When suddenly another message came up.
"Hi there, what are you up to?"
It was from another male, but Harvey was getting frustrated and replied back.
"Is this a gay chat room? It's only men!"
The person replied back.
"No but it is mainly just men, not too many women come onto here. Are you not into men at all?"
Harvey typed back.
"Nope, only women."
Harvey was in complete shock at the next message off this man.
"I like straight boys. If you're looking to make some money I'll pay for photos and videos."
Harvey read the message a few times, not expecting this at all! Although for a moment he thought he could make some easy money, he realised how stupid that idea was! This could be someone trying to scam him or hack him somehow. There were a million reasons to not do it, so he replied back.
"No. Sorry." And then blocked him.
For the next half hour Harvey messaged a few of the women on there and got no reply. Deleting every man that messaged him, eventually he gave up and went off the app.
Well, that was a shit experiment.He thought.
Instead, he did as he normally does and started watching lesbian porn instead. After another thirty minutes of watching, Harvey came and cleaned himself up before getting into bed.
The next morning Harvey got up and started to get ready for work. He shared an apartment with his friend Tom who had stayed out last night.
That day at work, Harvey flicked on his phone looking for other chat rooms. Then the request off that stranger came into his head.
Could I make money for photos and videos online?
Harvey knew that people did this sort of thing online and made a lot of money. He could just do some wanking videos or something, even if it just gets him a little bit of money and he knows he loves to get compliments on his body. He would just never show his face and only show his dick, even if only a few people did it he could still earn a bit of money and have a little fun. Then with the money he get's he could spend it on taking Daisy out and hopefully get their relationship back to where it was.
When he was finally home, Harvey had dinner with his roommate. Then Tom said he was going to his mums for the night and Harvey went to his bedroom and went back onto the chatroom.
Luckily for him, he saw the user that messaged him about paying for videos. Harvey messaged him.
"Hey, I am open to sending photos and videos. But I want it on a secure platform so I know you aren't dodgy."
The man replied back almost instantly.
"That is fair, I understand that you can never be too careful. Have you heard of the app NoodMe?"
"No I've not." Harvey replied.
"Download it. Tell me when you have." He replied.
Harvey found the app on his phone and downloaded it. It only took a few minutes until it popped up that it was done.
Asking him to fill in the profile, Harvey chose a fake name so that no one could ever know it was him and then filled in the details.
Account Name: Str8John
Age: 19
Height: 5 foot 9
Body type: Toned
Gender: Male
Sexuality: Straight
Then it asked if he was a Watcher or a Player. Harvey thought it was worded strangely but he clicked Player. Then it loaded him to write a little in his bio. Wanting to keep it vague but have enough to get a few followers he wrote.
"Straight guy here, looking to show a little of myself for anyone that is interested. I am toned, 5inch cock and up for a lot of fun!"
Then it asked him to upload a profile photo. Harvey knew there was no way he was putting his face on there, he also didn't want his body there for anyone to see just in case anyone recognised him. So he just put a photo of his hard cock.
After that, he had to verify that he was real. It required Harvey to take a picture of his face and holding a piece of paper that had written on it, "NoodMe" and then his user name.
As soon as he read that Harvey knew this was the end of the experiment. He had no intention of letting a photo of his face and that being uploaded anywhere. Just before clicking cancel he saw a little bit of writing at the bottom.
"This photo is to verify yourself as real and will only be saved on the NoodMe profile, but law no one else will be able to view this."
Putting Harvey at ease, he thought,Fuck itAnd did the photo.
It took an hour to be accepted but soon he had a notification to say he was verified.
He messaged the man back on the chatroom.
"Got it."
"Good, send me a friend request. MrGTop" He repled.
Harvey searched the name and saw his profile come up. Clicking on him his profile read.
Name: MrGTop
Age: 56
Height: 6 foot 3
Body Type: Muscular
Gender: Male
Sexuality: Gay
Then his bio read:
I am an older top. I enjoy young men that I can bend to my will and who will do everything I ask. Obey and you will be rewarded.
Harvey was a little shocked by the bio, although he saw that he was verified so he decided to add him. As soon as it was accepted Harvey received a message.
MrGTop: Hi John.
Str8John: Hi.
MrGTop: Send me a video link.
Harvey had a look on how to send it, still getting used to the set up of this app. But he wanted to make sure he was going to get money for this.
Str8John: How do I know you will send me the money?"
MrGTop: When you send the link it will ask how much you want to charge. Put it at £20 for an hour and I will pay it. The money goes to your NoodMe account which you can draw into your actual bank.
Harvey went to send the video link and saw where it asked how much to charge. Putting in £20, Harvey sent the link.
As he was waiting, he held it phone so that it was only showing his crotch, making sure to not get anything personal in the background.
Then it popped up, "connected." Then he could hear the voice of the man he was on video to, something that he wasn't expecting.
"Good boy, why are you still dressed?" He asked, his voice low and dominant.
Harvey couldn't speak, he was panicking, what if this person recognised his voice? Instead, he silently moved one hand to unbutton his jeans, as he did the man spoke again.
"Talk now!"
Instead, Harvey pulled up the chat box and messaged him, making sure to keep the camera on his crotch.
"I don't want you to hear my voice."
Then he heard the man's voice again.
"Go onto your settings, you can distort your voice slightly. Make it higher pitched so you sound like a little boy."
Harvey easily found this setting and then it gave him the option to hear his new, distorted voice. It was only slightly more high pitched but it was no longer obviously his voice.
Back on the video, Harvey finally spoke.
"Sorted."
"Good boy, now get undressed." The man said.
"Okay." Harvey whispered, sticking his phone onto a cabinet as he stood up, only his stomach and down to his knees were in view.
"You will address me as Sir." He said.
"Y-yes sir." Harvey replied as he slowly got undressed.
Not long after, Harvey stood completely naked on camera, not quiet believing he was doing this. Although, his cock was rock hard.
"Good boy, you have a great body." The manly voice said.
Just hearing that send a little shiver of pleasure through Harvey's body. Surprising himself with being so turned on by this.
"Now, wank that hard cock for me." He ordered.
"Yes sir." Harvey replied, gripping onto his hard cock he slowly moved his hand back and forth. A moment of wanking later a loud ring came onto his phone and he saw a message pop up.
"MrGTop has sent you £5."
"That was your reward for following instructions." He said in his deep voice.
"Thank you sir." Harvey said, amazed at how easily he has just made £25!
"Rub one finger along your head, spread your precum around for me boy." Sir ordered.
Harvey did as he was told, slowly moving his fingertip around the head of his cock. Feeling his precum spreading around and sending pleasure through his body.
"Now lick it clean." Sir ordered.
This was too far, Harvey replied back nervously.
"No, sorry I'm not into that."
"Disappointing, what if I sent you another £10 for it?" Sir asked.
Harvey was definitely tempted, but the idea of tasting his own precum outweighed that argument so he replied.
"No sir, I'm sorry."
"Okay, get back to spreading that precum over your hard cock." Sir ordered.
Harvey did as he asked, his hand was now soaked in his precum as he started to wank his cock a little faster.
"So, you've never thought about being with a man?" Sir asked.
"No, I haven't sir." Harvey replied.
"You just like having older men getting off looking at your sexy body?" Sir asked.
"I... I just wanted the money." Harvey replied honestly as he kept wanking his dripping cock.
"Interesting." Sir replied.
Harvey kept wanking his cock, something about knowing someone is watching him seemed to turn him on more and he was letting out quiet moans. That was when he could hear the deep moaning of the man watching him, clearly wanking as well.
"Tell me about yourself." Sir ordered.
Harvey was hesitant to tell him anything too detailed, as he carried on wanking he told him.
"I work as an Admin and I have a girlfriend."
"Oh, does she know what you are up to?" He asked back.
"No she doesn't, she is at university." Harvey told him.
"So she is off having fun whilst you are being a little slut for an older man?" Sir asked.
Harvey was shocked at that, not only was he surprised to be called a slut, but his body reacted in what can only be described as delight.
"Well boy? Do you like being a little cam slut for me?" Sir asked.
Harvey stayed quiet, not wanting to join in further in this dirty talk. He had hoped it would just be silently wanking and he would get some money. But then another bell rang and he saw that another £5 was put into his account.
"Tell me now!" Sir ordered.
"Yes sir, I like it." Harvey replied, thinking this was the easiest money he has ever gotten.
"I wonder if your girlfriend is being a slut like you right now." Sir said.
Harvey definitely did not like this, he was upset enough about not seeing Daisy and he didn't want the thought of her being with other men in his head. When Harvey didn't reply, the man spoke again.
"But that doesn't matter now, right now you are doing what I tell you."
"Yes sir." Harvey said, happy to change the subject.
"Sit down and spread your legs." Sir ordered.
Harvey did as he was told, sitting on his bed but making sure his face was out of the shot. He spread his legs and kept his hand slowly wanking his cock.
"Mmm good boy, now spread that precum around those smooth balls." Sir ordered.
Harvey rubbed his finger over his cock head again, making sure to get it soaking wet before slowly tracing his shaved balls all over. Sending sparks through his body as he tickled them.
I can't believe how much I'm enjoying myself!Harvey thought.
"Now back to wanking slut!" Sir ordered.
There it was again, being called a slut. Harvey didn't know why but he let out a little moan at the word and started to wank his cock faster.
"Good boy, do you want to cum for me?" Sir asked.
"Yes." Harvey moaned back quietly.
"I want you to cover yourself in cum, all over those hard abs for me." Sir moaned back, clearly enjoying the video.
"Yes sir." Harvey moaned.
He leant back slightly, his chin was just in the shot and he made sure not to go any further. Then he closed his eyes and kept wanking. Although all he could hear was the loud moans coming from this older man, Harvey pictured Daisy, or the lesbian porn he had watched the other day. His orgasm building up more and more.
"That's it slut, cum for me. Cover yourself in your young cum like a good boy." The man ordered.
"Fuuuckkk." Harvey whispered when his body shook and he felt load after load of cum firing out of his hard cock, landing straight onto his chest and abs.
His body was shaking all over as this amazing orgasm wrecked through him.
"Good boooyyyyyy." The man moaned who was clearly cumming as well.
Harvey kept squeezing his cock, getting every last drop of cum out as his orgasm was slowly dying down. His hand was covered in cum and his light head was slowly going.
"Now lick it all clean." The man ordered.
Now that he had cum, Harvey's senses returned and he knew this had gone too far. Without saying anything he stood up and turned off the camera and left the app.
I can't believe I just did that! I just wanked on camera for a man!Havey thought. Going to the bathroom he cleaned all of the cum off of him.
Then something unexpected happened, getting back to his room he looked at his phone and saw a notification from NoodMe, MrGTop had sent him another £10 with a message saying.
"Good job, but don't you ever leave me again like that."
Harvey closed the app. His head was confused about what he had just done but he just accepted that he made a bit of money, with no intention of every doing it again.

CHAPTER 2


Pushed a Little Further

Harvey went to work as normal the next day, when he woke up he took the money from his NoodMe app and then deleted it. Vowing to never use it again.
He went to work as normal and didn't give it a second thought.
It was later that night when Harvey got home, Tom wasn't back yet and he decided to call Daisy.
"Hey hun, how're you?" He asked.
"Yeah good, sorry I can't chat long." She replied with a distracted laugh, clearly busy.
"What are you doing?" Harvey asked her, annoyed that he can never have her full attention.
"Just having a little party, how was your day?" She asked although her voice was clearly not that fussed.
"It was good, I just miss you." Harvey told her.
"I miss you too but I have to get going. Speak to you soon." She said and then put the phone down.
What the fuck?!Harvey was raging. He barely gets any time with her now and she hangs up on him like this! He was growing more and more tired of the way she was treating him.
She was having a party, what if other men were there? What if she was cheating on me? How do I know what she is doing?!
Not being able to think about anything other than Daisy potentially cheating on him, Harvey went to the gym to work out his frustration.
When he got home he was a sweaty mess. Eating his dinner with Tom, he hoped into the shower and finally got into bed.
Trying to distract himself further, Harvey put in his headphones in and started to watch some lesbian porn. Except it wasn't distracting him enough, he was watching the videos but he could still only think of Daisy.
He was able to force an orgasm out, but it was no good. Cleaning himself up, Harvey tried to go to sleep which was hard through his annoyance.
Harvey eventually got to sleep, although it was in the early hours of the morning. Thankfully it was Saturday and he had no plans so he could have a lie in.
When he got up, he played on the PlayStation with Tom for a few hours before he went out with his girlfriend for the day.
As soon as he was alone, Harvey's thoughts went back to Daisy. Needing to find a way to distract himself, his thoughts went back to the NoodMe app.
Without giving him time to second guess himself, he redownloaded the app and logged back in.
He noticed two things. First was a message from MrGTop and second, he had a friend request from a profile called "ProfessorMike"
Accepting the request first and then reading his message. MrGTop had said.
"Let me know when you next want to make some money. I have some ideas."
Harvey typed him a message back.
"Hi sir. Are you free? I need some distraction and some money."
After 20 minutes, Harvey didn't have a reply. Then he got a message from ProfessorMike.
"Hi there John. I like the look of your profile, do you have discussions with men?"
Although Harvey still had no intention of having long conversation with men, if he could get distracted and make some money he replied back.
"Hi ProfessorMike. I am straight, but I am happy to help please men."
Before he got a reply, MrGTop sent him a message.
MrGTop: I am not free until tonight. But I have a task for you if you are interested. I will pay of course.
Str8John: Sounds interesting, what is it?
MrGTop: I will send you £20. I want a video of you completely naked, at your window with your legs spread, facing the window as you wank and cum.
Harvey was taken back by this, he had heard of people being interested in public sex acts but it wasn't something he was interested in. However, he was on the second floor of their apartment building and looking out, there wasn't many people around.
Deciding that he would do it, Harvey replied.
Str8John: Okay.
MrGTop: Okay, the money will get sent to the app now but it wont transfer to your account until I have the video and have approved it.
Harvey did think he could take the money and not make the video, but I suppose this was to keep this MrGTop from getting ripped off as well. So he replied.
Str8John: Okay.
Lining a chair up to the window, Harvey opened the curtains wide and had a look to make sure there was no one outside. Although he was on the second floor, there was still a clear sight into his apartment and if anyone walks past they could definitely see him.
Except his mind was made.
Undressing, Harvey was completely naked and lined the camera up so it had him in full shot, except for the face.
He sat down, lifted his legs and rested them onto the windowsill, if anyone looked they could would get a hell of sight.
Grabbing his cock, Harvey started wanking. He wasted no time, thinking of Daisy sucking his cock or riding him. It took no time for his chest to start heaving and for quiet moans to be escaping his mouth.
Faster and faster he was wanking his cock, he would occasionally look outside. One time he saw someone walking by, but they were looking in his direction.
Harvey didn't know why, but he was undoubtedly incredibly turned on at the thought of someone seeing him. Wanking faster, he kept his eyes closed fully now. Thinking if he didn't see anyone then he would assume no one saw him.
Then Harvey thought that what he was doing was going to make some strange older man cum and the thought turned him on more.
His precum was running all over his hand as he wanked faster and faster, using his other hand to massage his balls. Harvey let out a loud moan and his chest arched up when his cock started to fire cum all over his stomach.
It took a while for him to come down from his orgasmic high. When he eventually did he went to his phone and stopped the recording.
Looking at it, Harvey was getting incredibly turned on just watching himself. He made sure there was none of his face in any of the video and he sent it.
He rewatched the video a few times, still not believing it was him. So open and in site, wanking and he couldn't believe how loud he was moaning in the video.
It was thirty minutes later when he got a message from MrGTop.
MrGTop: That was a hot video slut. You have earned this.
And then the £20 went into his account.
"This is wild." Harvey said smiling. Then he realised that he was no longer angry about Daisy, this distraction was a welcome surprise.

CHAPTER 3


Nervous Regrets

2 hours later, Harvey was a mess. Now he was no longer horny he was shouting at himself for sending the photo.
If it was someone he knew then it would be obvious that it was Harvey. They would be able to recognise the apartment and would recognise his body.
How could I be so stupid! What if someone I know finds it! It could be all over the internet now! What if Daisy finds out?!
Harvey was a mess. Pulling up the app, he sent a message to MrGTop.
Str8John: Can you delete that video? I regret sending it and don't want it out there any longer.
For the next hour Harvey didn't get a reply and he was working himself up into a frenzy! Angry that his horny state would let him do something so stupid. When he got a reply, Harvey's heart almost stopped.
MrGTop: don't be embarrassed, I showed it to a few friends of mine and they all agreed that you were a hot little slut.
Harvey nearly broke down. He now knew for sure that more people have seen the video! He needed this to stop immediately.
Str8John: Please do not send it to anyone else!!
MrGTop: I haven't sent it to anyone, I just showed it to them on my phone. They are interested in sending you a friend request if you would be looking for some more money.
Harvey read the message a few times. He was relieved that the video was not sent anywhere and weirdly knowing that other men found it hot turned him on. He loved knowing that people got off looking at him.
So he nervously replied back.
Str8John: Okay, just please don't send it to anyone.
MrGTop: I wouldn't do that. You can trust me, now when are you free for some live fun?
Harvey was still nervous, although that had died down but he was still slightly afraid. He thought of an idea that could put his mind at ease.
Str8John: Can you show me your face, so I know you aren't someone that I know?
MrGTop: No problem.
A minute late, a photo came from him. A sigh of relief left Harvey when he didn't recognise the man. It was just a face picture, he looked good for his age Harvey thought.
Str8John: Thankyou.
MrGTop: No one you recognise?
Str8John: No, thankfully.
MrGTop: Good, so when are you free?
Str8John: 1 hour work for you?
MrGTop: Sounds good to me.
Harvey looked at his phone and saw a message from Daisy, but decided he would ignore her back for once.
An hour later, Harvey was sat in his living room when he sent a video link to MrGTop and he got another £20 into his account.
"Hi boy." He said.
"Hi sir." Harvey replied.
"Why are you still dressed?" He asked.
"Sorry sir." Harvey replied.
The phone was on the table so his face was still out of the shot as he got undressed. It wasn't long until he was fully naked in his living room with this older man watching him again.
"Good boy, I would love to have your naked body sat on me." He said.
This was more than Harvey wanted. He didn't want to talk dirty to this man, just wanted to get money for wanking. Then Sir spoke again.
"If you want more of my money then you are going to have to give me more."
Nervously, Harvey replied.
"Y-yes sir. I would like to be with you now."
"That's better, now rub that precum again boy." Sir ordered.
Harvey did as he was told, rubbing his precum all over his finger and cock. Harvey was already turned on and loving it.
"Do you want to suck my cock boy?" Sir asked.
Harvey knew what he wanted, although he didn't want to say it, Harvey was committed to playing the part if it meant more money.
"Yes sir, I want to suck on your cock." Harvey said, not believing the words coming from his mouth.
"Good boy, wank that hard cock for me now." Sir ordered.
Harvey was already moaning from gripping his hard dick as he wanked faster. He could see on the video his precum dripping from his cock.
"Now, turn around. Let me see your arse."
Harvey had no problem with this, he knew this man was gay and would like to see his arse. Turning around slowly, Harvey gave a few angles of his arse until he face the other way.
"Grab it." Sir ordered.
Harvey gripped his arse cheek and held it like that whilst he heard this older man moaning.
"Spread those cheeks. Let me see your little hole." He ordered.
Harvey bent forward a little and grabbed his other cheek, pulling them apart he exposed his little hole for the camera.
"Mmmm good boy, I would love to have my tongue in that little hole right now!" He moaned down the phone.
Harvey was shocked at how turned on he was, knowing this older man was getting off by looking at him. Playing the part Harvey moaned back.
"I would love that sir."
"Finger yourself." Sir ordered. Again, being too much for what Harvey wants.
"No sir." He replied.
"Fine, but you are going to taste your own precum this time!" He ordered.
Something about his dominant tone was forcing Harvey to want to obey. He had wanked openly for him, he had done all of this, he thought that it wouldn't be a problem.
Turning around, Harvey moaned out.
"That will cost you sir."
"You naughty slut!" Sir moaned and suddenly £10 was transferred into his account.
"Now, lick that precum you dirty boy!" He ordered.
Harvey was really getting into it now, rubbing a finger along the head of his cock until it was soaking wet. He pulled it up to his face.
The finger and his face was off the camera, so Harvey knew he could fake it, but something was forcing him to do it.
Opening his mouth, he slowly moved the finger against his tongue and wrapped his lips around it. For the first time ever, tasting his own precum. To his surprise, it wasn't as disgusting as he thought.
Making sure to be loud so Sir could hear, Harvey sloppily licked and sucking on his finger before making a popping sound as he took it out.
"You fucking slut. Wank that cock for me now!" Sir ordered.
Harvey was happy to comply. Grabbing his cock he was wanking faster now, the taste of his precum still on his tongue.
"I would make you into a gay little slut if you were here boy!" Sir moaned.
Harvey was moaning more and more but didn't reply, instead listening to this man moaning over his body.
He could feel his orgasm building up and he moaned out.
"I'm going to cum soon."
"You better not disappear when you cum this time!!" Sir ordered.
"I won't." Harvey moaned.
"Cum for me slut! Cum for this older man like the little whore you are!" Sir ordered.
"Yes sir!!!" Harvey moaned a lot louder than he intended as he shot cum, too caught up in the moment he didn't think that he was stood up and his cum started to fire onto the table and onto the floor. He used his left hand to catch as much as possible but a lot got past.
"Fuuuckkk." He kept moaned and shaking as he kept cumming all over the place.
"Good boy!" Sir moaned as he came at the same time.
Harvey's breathing was still heavy as he slowly wanked his cock, his cum all over both of his hands.
"Now, show me your hand filled with cum." Sir ordered.
Harvey held his hand to the phone, although his horniness was gone he was still determined to carry on.
"Now lick it clean." He ordered.
"No sir." Harvey said, still not wanting to go that far.
"You tasted your own precum, what's wrong with this?" He said.
Harvey understood the argument, but he still had no intention of tasting his own cum. Instead, he repeated himself.
"No sir, I'm sorry."
"Fine, you would've gotten yourself a nice tip." Sir said.
"I'm sorry." Harvey said again. His horniness now gone and he was eager to get off.
"Thank me for my money." Sir ordered.
"T-Thank you sir." Harvey awkwardly replied.
"It's a shame your girlfriend doesn't appreciate your amazing body and cock." Sir complimented.
"Thank you." Harvey said, happily taking the compliment.
"My friends want to do a group video tomorrow, all of us watching you." Sir said.
Although now he wasn't horny, Harvey wasn't excited about the idea. However he knew that would make him a lot of money, so he replied.
"I could do that."
"Good, I will set it up. Talk to you tomorrow." Sir said and then ended the call.
Harvey spent the next 20 minutes making sure there was no cum in the floor or the table, not wanting Tom to know what he had done.

CHAPTER 4


Group Video

All morning Harvey has been fighting with himself, deciding not to do the group video and then deciding to do it over and over.
He had 7 men add him on NoodMe. Although the idea of so many people getting off whilst looking at him was a turn on, he knew it was getting riskier and the chances of someone he knows seeing him was growing.
Daisy was at cheerleading all day so he barely got to speak to her. His jealousy still high, Harvey finally decided that he would do it to distract himself.
When a message came through.
MrGTop: Hi there slut. Are you ready for the group call?
Str8John: Yes, how will it work?
MrGTop: Since there are more of us, you will only charge £5 per person.
Harvey was disappointed, thinking he would make a lot more, but he saw the reasoning behind it and thought that some money was better than none.
Str8John: Okay, I can do that.
MrGTop: Good boy. They will all be muted but they can message me so that you don't have a lot of voices at once. I will be the only one giving you ordered.
Str8John: Yes sir.
An hour later, Harvey sent out the video link to all of the group, 8 men in total.
When it started, there was a picture of an eye at the corner with the number 8 there to show how many people were watching.
Tom was out with his girlfriend again so luckily Harvey had the place to himself.
"Hi slut." Sir said.
"Hi sir." Harvey replied, just showing his naked body again.
"Say hi to everyone." He ordered.
"Erm, hi everyone." Harvey said.
"Now, turn around, let us see all of you." Sir ordered.
Harvey did what he was told, although he was nervous he did the best he could. Making sure everyone got a good view of his body and his arse.
"Good boy, grab your arse and show us that hole like you did last time." Sir ordered.
Harvey bent forward and showed his little hole. When suddenly the bell noise rang and someone had tipped him £2. Although it wasn't a lot, Harvey was excited.
"Spit on your finger and rub your hole." He heard sir order.
Nervously, Harvey replied.
"N-no sir." He didn't like knowing he was disappointing all of these men.
"You aren't going to finger yourself, just rub the hole a little." Sir encouraged.
Harvey didn't think this was too bad, all he had to do was rub his smooth hole. That's nothing too gay. So he licked his finger until it was soaking wet, holding his cheek open with one hand, he started to rub his finger over his arse hole.
"Good boy!" Sir moaned.
Then the bell went and Harvey had a few different tips totalling to £10.
Just knowing they are all enjoying looking at him made Harvey moan out, his cock was rock hard and he could see precum dripping from it.
If he was being honest, it felt nice rubbing his hole. Slowly tracing his wet finger around his arsehole he kept letting out little moans.
"Now show us that hard cock!" Sir ordered.
Harvey turned around and started to slowly wank his rock hard cock, his precum covering his hand instantly.
"They are loving you slut, such a hot body!" Sir moaned out.
"Yess siirrr." Harvey moaned, loving having so many men turned on just looking at him.
"Sit down and wank with your legs spread." Sir ordered.
Doing as he was told, Harvey sat down, keeping his face out of the camera as he wanked his needy cock.
Moaning louder and louder as he wanked, more tips kept coming through and every one turned Harvey on more.
"Everyone is loving the show." Sir complimented.
"Thank you sir, I want to be a good boy for you all." Harvey moaned, closing his eyes and letting his heavy breaths out.
"They want you to lick your cum like you did with me." Sir ordered.
Although Harvey had no desire to, he had done it before so thought why not. If it meant he would get more money.
Putting on a show, he decided to let his mouth come into the camera. Rubbing a finger around his cock until it was dripping with precum, he moved it to his mouth and started to suck on it as though it was a cock. Knowing that these older men were loving the show getting him off more.
He ran his tongue over the finger, tasting his sweet precum and then running his fingers around his lips.
"You dirty slut! Get back to wanking!" Sir ordered.
Harvey kept his mouth in the shot, wanking faster and his moans were getting louder and louder.
"You want to cum for us slut?" Sir asked.
"Yes please!" Harvey moaned out.
"Are you going to eat your cum for us?" Sir asked.
Even in his state of drunk of horniness, Harvey still had no desire to do that so he moaned back.
"No sir, I just want to cum for you!"
"Okay you naughty slut!" Sir moaned.
Faster and faster Harvey wanked his cock. He knew that he had 8 men wanking their cocks looking at this young straight boy, knowing they were going to cum looking at him had Harvey on fire.
"They want to see you cum!" Sir ordered.
"Fuck yes!!!!" Harvey shouted out as he fired cum all over himself.
His chest and stomach got hit after hit of cum all over him, his cock was sending waves of pleasure through his body and Harvey's moans were loud enough to be heard in the other apartments.
More tips kept coming through as he was cumming which just gave Harvey more and more pleasure.
When he finally stopped cumming, he heard sir's deep voice.
"Good boy. Give us one last show of your body covered in cum."
Harvey did as he was told. Standing up he got close to the camera and showed the cum on his stomach and chest, spinning around and giving them one last look at his arse before turning the camera off.
He went to clean himself off before going back to see how much money he just made.
Looking at the app, he made £50 just in tips and he could believe it! That was so dam easy.
He got dressed and sat back onto the sofa, flicking through online shops to see what he could buy himself when Daisy sent him a text.
"Hey sweetie, sorry I've been so quiet. I am free next weekend if you want to come over?"
Harvey read the message a few times. He found it strange that he didn't feel guilty at all for what he was doing.
It's not like I'm cheating on her. I'm just making some money and wanking. I'm not even dirty talking or anything.
Just when he went to reply, a message from NoodMe came up.
MrGTop: Good job, Harvey.
Harvey's heart stopped.
This man knows my name?! How? What?! NO!
The end