You come around and open my car door, laughing hysterically. As we were driving to the club, the music was blaring and we were making complete fools out of ourselves singing and dancing along to the music, and having a fabulous time doing so. We arrived and you parked and opened my door, still laughing about my recent solo. Surely, people passing us in the parking lot assumed we were drunk—seeing as it was after 9:00 on Friday.
We walked toward the door and got through the line quickly—obviously we were both looking good tonight. It's warm outside, so I'm wearing a hip-hugging pleated skirt, knee-high black leather boots, and a deep red halter with a black half-jacket over top. Your hand rests on my hip as we make our way to the bar, ordering two shots of Tuaca for me, and two Tennessee Bombs for yourself. We carry our shots toward the unused pool tables in the back of the overly-packed club. You put a set of quarters in and come up behind me, resting your hands on my hips. You speak directly into my ear loudly, due to the thumping bass and techno rhythm filling the smoky air of the night club.
"Want me to kick your ass before you make me dance with you?" you ask with a sarcastic grin.
I laugh back, "Hah. I'm sure there's lots you wanna do to my ass, but kicking it is not on the agenda for tonight," I call back to you, shaking my hips as I walk toward the back wall to select a cue. You rack the balls tightly, placing the 1 in front, knowing it throws off my eye. It's why I could never get used to nine-ball. I laugh sarcastically and break, sinking one solid and one stripe. I bend over the table for my next shot, realizing your eyes are on my ass, as I miss the ball but have a good defensive leave. You take the cue from me, brushing your lips against my forehead as you sink two big ones, leaving me with less than optimum opportunity for my next shot. You walk toward me, wanting to steal a kiss.
Before your lips touch mine, I turn toward our table. I grab one of your drinks and tilt it back, perhaps a little too easily, slamming the empty glass on the table. A drop of whiskey slips from the corner of my mouth, and your tongue catches it quickly. You kiss me, tasting the remnants of liquor on my tongue. I pull back, smiling seductively as I grab the cue from you, walking toward the table. I jut my ass out as I bend to take the shot. I miss completely, but block the cue ball behind the 8.
"Nice defense," you say as I walk back toward you. You slam your other shot, knowing you'll need alcohol to help you make it through this shot. I laugh as you walk past me and slap my ass playfully—hard, but playfully.
Unable to bypass it, you hit the 8 and give me a ball in hand. I take my shot of Tuaca and look at you, wrapping my arm around your neck and kissing you passionately. You try to intensify the moment, but you see it's my body briefly reacting to the alcohol. You order more shots for us both as I sink three stripes then scratch while attempting the fourth. You take your shot of Jack before you sink three balls, then leave me to scratch on my next shot.
Our rounds of shots disappear quickly, and our playful sexuality intensifies as the night goes on. Finally, you take your shot on the 8 and sink it. Unfortunately for you, the cue ball rolls further than intended and sinks into the corner pocket. I had been standing near our table, dancing alone to the music with myself as you went on a 4-ball streak. I jumped up and down and shrieked when you scratched. You glared at me intently, settling me instantly. I come over to you after taking my last shot of Tuaca, after a series of at least 8. I fall into you, not intoxicated by any means, but certainly a bit tipsy. It wasn't the liquor getting to me, but rather the bulge I saw in your pants as I walked toward you, that caused me to stumble into your arms, immediately stroking the front of your jeans. You moan into my ear as I rest my head on your shoulder and breathe against your skin, reaching my hand into your boxers, stroking your thick cock.
Without thinking, or caring, I drop to my knees and undo your pants. Nobody had been on our level playing pool all night, and if someone were to come up, they probably wouldn't be surprised to see a young woman dressed like I was on my knees in front of you. I, without hesitation, take the head of your cock into my mouth. You back against the pool table for support as I begin sucking your throbbing dick. Your hand falls to my head, your fingers pressing into my hair and pushing me further onto you. The liquor and mood, as well as totally public setting, is getting to us both. You groan as I moan onto your cock, swallowing the head and massaging it with my throat. You thrust forward, going an inch deeper at a time until your cock is fully emersed in the tight embrace of my warm mouth and tight throat. In very little time, your cock twitches and empties a large load of your delicious cum into my mouth. I swallow every drop, and for a split second you think about what a little slut I must look like to anyone who might have seen; short skirt, skimpy top, hooker boots, with your cock in my face and cum dripping out the corners of my mouth.
I suck your cock clean and you pull me to my feet quickly, giving me a bit of a head rush. You push me against the wall, grinding your hips into mine with your cock still out of your pants, kissing me roughly. After a few minutes of almost fucking through our clothes, you pull back and re-dress yourself.
"Wanna dance?" I ask, winking and licking my lips. You take my hand charismatically as I lead us toward the overcrowded dance floor, near a wall somewhere in the left corner. I turn my back to you and grind my ass against you, continuing our rapidly paced sex through our wardrobes, humping and grinding into eachother. We moaned audibly. We danced totally inappropriately. And at some point I decided I couldn't take it any longer.
I push you against the wall and force your hand up my skirt, pressing your fingers into my G-spot, making my knees go weak as your thumb pressured against my throbbing clit. You felt me cum against your fingers within seconds, literally screaming your name. Nobody can hear, nobody notices. There are hundreds of people packed into such a tight spot, that it's likely that 50 other couples were fucking at this same moment.
You turned us around and picked me up, wrapping my legs against you. I pulled out your throbbing cock and sunk it deep into me in one swift motion. You began to slam into me at the beat of the music, a moderately fast pace. Quick enough to hold me against the wall, and quick enough to reach undeniable orgasms together. I bite into your shoulder as you grip my ass tightly, shooting pump after hot pump of your cum into me.
My legs hit the floor as you slip out of me, but my knees aren't quite steady. You hold me against the wall until I can gain my composure, feeling the cum leak from within me. I close my thighs to stop the flow of your cum from my pussy. You usher me quickly out of the club, through the masses of people, until we reach the car. It's a short drive, and, though you only had a couple of drinks and were totally safe to drive, you waited until we got inside the door to enjoy my body once more.
We finally make it to the bedroom, after a strip session that lasted from the entrance, up the stairs, down the hall, and through our room to our bed. We made love this time. We made slow, passionate love. You taste my skin. I feel your breathing. I feel your passion. I see the intensity in your eyes, feel it in your forceful movements into me. I clutch the sheets, I clench my eyes. We climax, orgasm again together. The forceful beat of the techno at the club plays over and over again in my mind as I roll on top of you, moving with you, cumming with you one more time before I collapse.
The liquor. The headache. The music. The orgasms. I can't even lift myself off your body. I lay, our bodies pressed together mingling our sweat, our cum, and everything involved in our amazing sex. My head finds its spot on your shoulder, my hands on your arms and chest, and my legs wrapped around yours. Our breathing slows, our heartbeats even, and we drift to sleep together, yet again.