WOW!
I can't believe it! I just spent my life savings on a 2018 Grand Sport Corvette! A RED one! My dream car.
The dealership was a bitch to deal with, but—damnit--I made it happen! Some of the people who witnessed the transaction told me that this is a huge accomplishment for a 29-year-old woman. And I tell them, "I know! Right!"
Wow!
I get in my new car and embark on its maiden voyage--from the dealer's front door to my home. I've been blessed with great-paying job that allows me to travel for work. All my friends and family tried to discourage me from buying a corvette for work purposes.
I tell them, "Hell No! I'm getting a 'Vette! Twenty-six miles to the gallon and I ride in style! Why not?"
Being in sales is hard, hard work with a crushing schedule and I deserve of a Corvette. My friends tell me I'm going to be a cop magnet now. I tell them, GOOD! I hope he's a hot, sexy single cop!
All kidding aside, I'm a responsible driver with a clean record and I going to keep it that way. I can't afford a ticket. I am now car poor, and I wouldn't have any other way.
This car is amazing! It's comfortable, and easy to drive. And man, oh man, this machine is a rocket ship! After about five miles there's a clear spot on the interstate, and I hit the gas! One hundred and ten! The vibration from the engine has me wet. Wow! I love this! The salesmen said I should go easy on it till I break it in, so I'll have to find some self-restraint. But Really! Who am I kidding! WOO HOO!
The drive home is turning out to be the best day of my life. I love that almost everyone looks at my car. I adore the attention!
I put my red sexy car in the garage to cool down. I really like living in a townhome on the water. We have a grounds team that maintains everyone's yards and it allows me peace of mind when I go away. I get inside and put away all my car paperwork and warranty information in a safe place. My car is all- electronic. If something breaks it would cost me a lot. I also put my spare key in a safe place. However, if I ever do need it I probably won't remember where the hell my safe place is!
An avalanche of messages has rolled in from my friends about my Facebook picture and post.
April writes: " Jennifer! What a beautiful car! Can't wait to ride in it!" All these messages will keep me entertained for a few hours. I'm sitting here thinking of where I can go next so I can drive my car more. But I'll take a shower instead. Now that I stopped moving I'm pretty tired. It's Friday! I should go somewhere!
The shower is just what I need. I shave my armpits, legs and pussy silky smooth, and extra condition my long blonde hair. Sometimes I'm temped to cut it because it takes so long to dry, but then I remember all the sales I make because I'm blonde and have big boobs. Nope! NO cut. My hair is an asset I'll exploit.
As I shave my pussy, I remember how turned on I was when the Vette was doing one-ten. The vibrator is in the nightstand draw, I grab it and hop on my bed and insert my curved rod into my wet pussy. As it hums, I grab my nipple clamps and put them on my hard nipples. My whole body dances between pleasure and pain, and pain and pleasure. I make my self cum... maybe a few times.
I rested for more than hour, then I'm ready to go.
I text some friends and we decide to go to a clothing- optional resort where they're having a swingers night. I really love going there! Because I'm a single woman, I get lots of attention and I crave it! Single guys want me and couples want a unicorn. The world is my oyster! I have three single friends and three married-couple friends.
All of us try to get together to meet there once a month.
I zip into the resort, and all of my friends are waiting in the parking lot. "Jennifer!" they shout almost in unison. They all take turns hugging me and congratulating me on my new car. When I promised to give them all rides, they chant: "Jenn! Jenn! Jenn!"
After all the laughter and more hugs, we go in. Kiely and Logan pay for me because they say I'm car poor now. They may be right! I won't complain.
We go straight to the club and grab our usual seats. We order our drinks and some food and sit back and check out who's here. My girlfriend April and I are already getting admirers. I'm wearing a super tight red skirt, a sexy red and black bralette with a small black shear jacket. April, who has long blonde hair and big dark blue eyes, is wearing a skin- tight stretchy hot pink club dress filled with holes so you can see her pink nipples, hairy pussy and smooth tan butt cheeks!
The food is great, the beer is cold and the company is fantastic. The event's sponsors open their playrooms at 10 pm. Kiely and Logan and Ashton and Liz go up to check out the action while April and I head to one of the pools. The resort has two pools and a huge Jacuzzi. We headed to the conversation pool. It's heated, shallow, and has seats built into it. It's shaped like an S, so there are narrow parts to it. April and I strip down and place our clothes on a chair near by. I really like all the eyes on me. It makes me feel pretty even though I have a hard time believing I am. I'm a BBW, Big Beautiful Women. I am 5'9", blonde hair, blue-green eyes and nicely tanned by the sun. I have big boobs, 42 DD's and fortunately I have a natural hourglass shape. My girlfriend April is also tall, 5'11", blonde, blue eyes, thinner and slightly older than me. Most of my friends are on the heavier side. April is newly divorced and a lot of fun. We both turn a lot of heads.
Wading in the pool we go and walk by a lot of sexy bodies. Where the pool narrows, many people reach out and skim our bodies with their hands making flattering comments.
We find our way to our favorite spot in the pool right in front of the door so we can see the new people coming in. We joke about what celebrities some people look like. That becomes their nickname so we know who were talking about. This game has often made us laugh so hard that we pee in our pants—or in the pool! April and I are laughing about some guy who just walked in that looks like Pee Wee Herman when three guys wade up to us.
"What's so funny ladies? We want in on it." one of them says. These guys are average men, Almost Handsome. One looks sort of like Tom Cruise. The second like a young James Spader. The third is much shorter and looks like the weather guy on Channel 4.
April and I look at each other and silently decide not to tell them our little game.
I look at Spader and say, "It's a little game my friend and I play to remember people. You have to be part of our Posse for us to tell you."
Tom Cruise says: "Posse or Pussy?" He sneers. Because of his crass comment and his sneer I don't like him. No matter how handsome he almost is.
The guys look at each other and smile. They've moved into positions so April and I can choose who we want. The third guy, the short one, is in the middle. There is one possibility for me and I wait to see who April chooses, which is stupid on my part because I'm the dominant person in our group and I should decided first. But I don't. All that's on my dirty mind tonight is my car!
The water is about four-feet deep, and it's obvious from their growing dicks that all three guys are turned on by April and me. The short one's head comes up to about my boobs, and he stares at my nipples with his mouth open with a desperate look on his face. I think that maybe later I'll smoother him with my tits.
Tom Cruise can't take his eyes off April's pussy. The guy I like, Spader, magically reads my mind and puts his hand on my back. He whispers in my ear, asking me to tell him about our little game.
"Sorry. Nope! You will just have to hang around and get to know us all."
"I saw you pull up tonight in your Corvette. What year is it? "
I tell him and move closer to him. He moves back a little. I move with him. There it is. We are all now slightly separated from our original group. It's amazing how all this works out, sometimes with words and sometimes without.
I feel bad for April; she's still flanked closely by two men. I'm guessing from her smile she is good with that.
I ask my guy his name.
"Well I guess you will have to hang out with me longer to find out."
"Ha. Ha. Very funny."
We both sink down into the pool and sit. We make small talk for a short time and he reaches out and puts his hands on my thighs. Everyone knows why we are here so it really doesn't bother me that he touched me without asking first like is protocol at the dungeons I go to. He asks what I like to do in bed and if I like kissing. Boy, he gets an earful! I tell him I'm kinky and like to be spanked and have rough sex. When I'm done I look at his face and I see his smile is gone. Oh boy, too soon, I think. He opens his mouth and still no words come out. I lean forward and kiss him. He kisses me back. Yay! He's a great kisser! After we've been kissing for a half hour or so and my lips are puffing up, I pull away and whisper:
"If I'm too much...too kinky... for you, I understand. I had fun kissing you."
He quickly tells me he's shocked but not because I'm kinky. He's shocked because he's never found a hot, sexy, women here who's KINKY! He also tells me he's ready to warm my ass if I am!
My smile is huge! I stand up and grab his hand; we make our way to the playroom on the second floor. His hard dick wobbles as we climb the stairs.
We get in the door and my guy spreads out his towel on our space on the bed. He grabs my hair and asks me my safe words.
" Red, Yellow and Green."
He kisses me hard, then sits down and pulls me over his lap. I squirm in anticipation. He tells me to be still, and I obey. My sexy guy begins to spank me, hard. Harder.
Everyone in the room stops what they're doing and stares at us. I love it! This never ever happens here. It's usually just sport fucking and maybe someone will ride the Sybian. That would be exciting for the night.
Instead, tonight, they all get a little taste of my favorite world--BDSM.
WACK.WACK.WACK.
His hard hand swats my ass and the sting becomes painful and the throbbing is euphoric. I squirm again from the delicious pain and the endorphins kicked in. My ass is burning hot and I'm getting light headed.
"Had enough, Princess?" he growls.
" NO!"
My sexy guy spanks me a little bit more, a bit harder, and then pushes his fingers in my soaking wet pussy. I moan loudly and he picks us both up to a standing position. He kisses me again with my hair in his hands.
"You've been a Good Girl. Here is your reward."
He bends me over the side of the bed, puts on a condom and pushes his big long cock in my throbbing pussy. Oh boy, it hurts! A lot! I'm not use to a long cock. I have tiny holes! It takes me a moment to adjust.
"Wow! Princess you're tight! You're going to pull this condom right off." Spader reaches forward and pinches my nipples. "Oh God YES! More! Harder!"
He does, and I announce I'm going to come soon. One, two, three more hard forceful thrusts...
"I'm coming! Don't stop!"
"You got it Princess."
I'm not big on making orgasm noises, but I can't help it. Spader comes too, and our spectators cheer.
We both plop down on the bed to catch our breaths. Of all the times I've gotten fucked here...this was the best.
We return to the pool and kissed and fondled each other for several hours. I don't even notice where my friends are. At the end of the night, Spader and I exchanged info and, hopefully, we can see each other again. I go to the ladies room to change into my street clothes and I'm surprised when I run into April. She says she hooked up with both those guys and crossed off a threesome off her bucket list. Laughing, She says: "That short guy had the biggest dick!" She proclaims she will be doing that again as soon as possible!
April rode here with Kiely & Logan, but I asked her to come home with me. We can talk about details of the night's sexy fun. She agrees and we set out to find Kiely to tell her. We can't find her, which is not usual, so we texted her and got into my new car.
April squeals. "This is car amazing! I want to get one. It hugs you!"
"You should get one. Just not the same color!"
We laugh and enjoy the ride to my house. We talked about our night and plan on doing it again soon. The club owners do have other group parties; we just have to find one that suits us. We get to my house and April gets out first and punches in the code to my door lock. She says good night and goes right to my guest room. I go straight to my bed and we are both fast asleep.
The next day, Saturday, we get up, shower and decide to go out for breakfast. There is a really great bagel shop down the street we should try out. I park out front, and the waiter has the door open for us already.
He smiles. "Super gorgeous car you have there, ladies."
"Thank you. It's my new car." I smile right back. He's a gorgeous man. He seats us, still smiling at me, and walks away. He returns with two glasses of water and takes our order. All the time he has his eyes on me. We get our food quickly and chow down. It's delicious. Sex always makes me really hungry. Apparently it works that way with April, too. We finish, and the waiter is still smiling at me as he hands me the bill. I see writing on it. He's written me a note!
"Hey sexy, I'm single and think your car is gorgeous and so are you. Here's my number take me for a ride!"
I show April the note and we see the waiter's still watching. He winks, and I wave him over.
"So where do you live?"
"Actually, ladies I live up stairs in this building."
"That is handy! You like my car huh?"
"I like YOU and your car. Your friend is pretty too."
I am blushing fifty shades of red, and April is kicking me under the table. I ask him when he wants to go.
"Now!" He blushes, too.
"Well since all three of us can't fit in my car..."
He interrupts me and says: "If you ladies would like we can go up to my place now and chat for awhile. If you have time..."
I looked at April: "Sure. Is that oaky with you?"
April nods to signal yes and we get up. I leave my money on the table and we all walk outside.
The waiter tells me again: "I really love your car, I do want that ride."
We walk around the corner of the building to another door that he unlocks. April and I are silently talking girl code behind him as we admire his gorgeous ass! We get to another door on the second floor and, after unlocking it, he opens it up.
We all walk in and-- Holy Crap!!-- It's stunning! Out of a GQ magazine. This place is huge! Marble floors, granite counters, fireplace, grey leather couches, extremely modern and clean. I would not have guessed this in a million years. Not by the look of the building's ancient exterior.
"You ladies make yourselves comfortable. Snoop around, get into things. There are drinks in the fridge. I'm going to hop in the shower and wash off this food smell, I'll be real quick."
April and I explore around with our mouths open. How can a waiter afford this apartment? It's incredible! The rent must be off the charts. It's the entire second floor and this building is massive.
April whispers: "You know Jennifer, if it weren't for your car we wouldn't be up here right now."
I whisper back: "April I think he picked US and not because of my car."
"I think your wrong, Jenn, but so far so good."
We giggle and our sexy waiter says from behind us: "What's so funny? Did you find the draw full of my sex toys?" April and I jump! We both shout: "SEX toys?? Where? I want to see them!"
We follow our waiter into the living room. There's a very unique shaped couch covered in soft grey leather. It's got a huge round middle with two very long extensions that stick out from opposite sides of the circle. It has to be custom made. Near the couch, the huge entertainment center is smooth, black and shiny.
"So ladies, come here."
We move closer, and he's holding a remote control in his hand. He pushes a few buttons and the lights dim. Music plays, a dark, deep rockish type that I usually hear in the dungeon I visit. He slides open a big draw in the entertainment center and steps back. April and I edge closer, and we both grin from ear to ear. The drawer is full of toys—sex toys, just like he said.
Many kinds of vibrators, a few dildos, nipple clamps of all shape and sizes, floggers, rubber paddles, tie wraps, nylon rope, cock sleeve, violet wand, hand cuffs and assort sensual pervertables...
He asks: "Do you like my collection?
"May we touch?"
"Yes. Please do."
I picked up a few curved vibrators, and April picks up tie-wraps and a leather strap.
Our waiter laughs. "Interesting choices you've made."
"Oh? This is a choice? I thought we were just checking things out?"
"Yes, checking things out of course, but I find most women touch the things they want deeply first. It's been true every time."
Our faces got flushed with desire, and my pussy was pulsating to my heartbeat. April slaps her hand with the strap several times. I'm thinking that it's a good thing that we're both kinky. She's a switch, so I'm not sure if she want to beat his cute butt or for him to top her. With luck, we'll get to see soon!
As I'm examining all the vibrators April strips. I look at her with a puzzled expression and I decided to take my clothes off, too.
He grins. "Well I'm glad to see you ladies are on my page." He strips too.
No names have been given out, which added to the sexual tension in the room. Our sexy waiter's eyes kept going back and fourth from my shaved pussy, to Aprils bush.
April takes the strap and tie wraps and kneels in front of him. He grabs her arm and walks her over to the granite island in the center of the kitchen. There were shelves on both sides of it. He zip ties her wrists to the shelf so she was bent over with her beautiful butt in the air.
He put two condoms, three vibrators, and the leather strap on the counter and then walked over to me.
He whispers to me: "Your car is exquisite, but not as exquisite as you."
Goose bumps erupt over my entire body and made my nipples hard.
He gasps. "Oh my... I love your gorgeous breasts and hard nipples, May I?"
I nod, and he kisses me. He rubs his hands all over of my breasts, but never touches my hard nipples. My pussy is wet and my nipples are begging to be pinched.
He stops and walks me to the kitchen and the granite-topped island next to where April is bound. Our waiter picks me up and sits me on the ice-cold counter. My goose bumps are back in force and my nipples ache in protest.
He says: "Lay on your stomach my beauty."
I think, Damn it! This is going to suck.
But I do as I'm told and instantly regret it. My head is near April's head and she's watching with extreme interest.
"Do NOT move. Understand?"
"Yes."
"Yes, what?"
"Yes, sir."
"Now you understand."
He moves over to April and rubs her back. She sighs with pleasure... but suddenly he spanks her!
I hear her gasp in surprise and I see how wide her eyes have opened. Then our waiter rubs her back and butt again, I hear her sigh again and whack! He keeps spanking her and she tries to move around. But the ties trap her around her wrists.
Meanwhile, I'm freezing!! My teeth chatter. My nipples are rock hard and aching terribly. He turns to me and tells me to roll over. I'm not sure I like the idea, but I do it. ICE COLD!!
Our sexy waiter leaves April and starts rubbing my boobs...
Oh my...warm...hhmm... I start to feel light headed. Around and around with his soft warm hands. Never touching my erect nipples.
I beg for relief... "Please??"
"Be quite and still."
I'm moaning softly in pleasure and frustration.
He barks: "Roll over."
Oh no... cold!
He steps away, and April moans again. But I can't look at her. I'm floating in an ocean of pleasure and pain and torture. I hear the strap strike her flesh and then a moan. Over and over...
He stops and I think his fingers are in April's pussy. I open my eyes. She's squirming and moaning. I hear the strap strike again, harder and quicker this time. Harder and harder...
April, her eyes squeezed shut and her mouth wide open, is screaming in pain, then the strapping stops. April stops screaming and closes her mouth.
I hear a vibrator turn on and I know what's coming.
Buzzzzzzzzzz...
The vibrator noise disappears because it's inside April's pussy and April climaxes--Hard and loud with wavering howls from deep in her throat for a long time. When she's done, our waiter cut the ties and carries her to the couch. Both of her butt cheeks are bright red, almost like my car.
Suddenly, our waiter is in my ear with his sultry sexy voice...
"Roll over."
I carefully roll over on the granite countertop and I'm so cold I can barely stand it. His warm hands massage my legs, my belly, my arms and returns to my very cold breasts. But never touching my nipples.
He says in a growly kind of voice: "Your hard nipples turn me on. I can barely hold my cum in my cock. You do that to me. Does that turn you on?"
I nod and I feel his warm tongue on my cold neck. More Goosebumps! His hands still massaging my breasts. My pussy is soaked and leaking down my butt onto the counter. I'm in sub-space and never want the torture to end. His wet warm tongue on my skin feels so good. I've never experienced this before.
He steps away and comes back with a blindfold. I hate not seeing, but I let him do it anyway. His hot tongue assaults my breasts. My nipples are hurting so bad! I try and push them forward to get attention. All of a sudden I feel extreme cold on my nipples and I gasp and cry out. "What's that???"
"Be still and quite or I'll stop right now."
God! Its cold and the pain is excruciating, but the pain in my pussy is worse! Not the attention I wanted but I have to admit I'm going to explode any moment. He moves the cold from one nipple to the other... COLD,cold,cold!...I am so frustrated tears leak from my eyes. It must be ice he's using. My devious waiter puts ice in my pussy and I jump! He grabs my boobs.
"Hold on a little longer."
He takes off the blindfold and there are nipple clamps on my nipples. Tight clamps, with a thin chain attaching them together. It hurts so damn good. He puts his hot tongue on one nipple, then the other and I almost cum right then.
He yells: "Do NOT cum!"
I hear the vibrator buzzing and he puts it in me. OH god, oh god it's in that perfect SPOT! I can't take it!! I feel my orgasm building, and I'm ready to spill over! My pussy is clenched so hard that the vibrator might never come out! I'm going to cum! I hear another vibrator hum and he puts it on my clit the same time he pulls the chain on the nipple clamps. The extreme pain pushes me over the cliff! I cum so hard and so long it unimaginable. I scream, howl and sob as I cum for at least 15 minutes! When I finally come back from the heavens I see our hot waiter fucking April on the couch and I realize where the hell I am. That nipple torture was amazing. That orgasm will be hard to top! It will be fun trying for sure! I slowly get off the counter and find my clothes. April and our waiter are curled up on the couch so I wiggle myself next to him and join them. We all fall asleep.
Late afternoon traffic was terrible. I'm glad I didn't buy a standard transmission. That's no fun in stop and go messes like this. April is still moaning over her sore ass and pussy. Her hair and makeup are all messed up, and I wonder if she's got some regrets about what our waiter did to her. I guess he beat her and fucked her harder than I realized. My hair and makeup are messed up too, and my nipples hurt as if they're in a vise, but I want to see him again!
I say: "April. Are you okay?
"Yeah, I guess so."
"You look like you're hurting. Why didn't you use your safe word?"
"I was having too much fun." She glances at me and smiles a little. There are still indentations on her wrists where the ties secured her to the shelves.
"April? Do you want to see him again?"
"YES! Of course! And he owns the Bagel Shop by the way! We can eat there any time for free!"
I laugh.
I get April home and use her bathroom. I take a few minutes to fix myself. April doesn't say much when we hug and say goodbye.
I finally pull into my garage. I get out of my car and find my cute next-door neighbor is waiting outside.
He's smiling. "A new sports car! It's awesome! I heard you come into the neighborhood. No more sneaking around in that car. When did you get it?"
"Two days ago. I love it a lot. I hope I'm not being rude but I've got to go inside. I had a long fun weekend and I have to get ready for a business trip tomorrow. Maybe I can take you for a ride when I get back?"
"Yes. For sure! I'd love that. Have a safe trip."
I felt pretty shitty about that but I really am so busy. He's a hottie, too, young surfer boy type. He should be on billboards. If I didn't just have sex I would've been all over that in a heartbeat, work or no work!
I do laundry and pack. Then shower to regretfully get that lovely waiter's scent off my skin and go to bed. Things are looking up! Thank you my sexy red sports car!
Day one of driving my Corvette for work, I'm so excited. Orlando to Atlanta should be a nice 426-mile drive. The handling of this car is amazing. The blind spots suck, but I'm getting used to it. You have to turn your head and look. Pretty simple. So far on this journey I've had a few people take pictures of the car while driving. I get lots of thumbs-up and fellow corvette drivers wave. And to think I almost bought a Camaro! Everyone has a Camaro. I made the right choice for sure. The drive was smooth and uneventful. It's a nice Sunday drive. The schedule is nice, too. I'll meet the client for dinner tonight and a second client the following day for lunch then I'll be on my way home.
I get to the hotel and find that the gas station is right in front. I decide to fill up because I have time to kill. As I swipe my credit card at the pump, I notice a very handsome, and muscular black man wearing an expensive suit filling up his 2012 Lexus LFA. I am a car connoisseur. I like all fancy, fast cars.
I tell him: "I LOVE, your car!"
He was already checking out my ride.
"I love yours more! Want to trade?"
"OH, no thanks. I just bought mine. I need to enjoy it a little more first!"
We smile and get in our cars. I pull around the pumps and so does he. I pull into a hotel parking spot and so does he. I get out and so does he.
"Well hi there, LFA! I guess we can continue on admiring each others cars for a little longer."
He laughs, "Yes I guess we will, Vette Girl." He opens the Hotel door for me and we both get our room keys at the front desk.
"How long are you staying, Vette Girl?"
"Today and leaving late tomorrow afternoon."
"Are you available for breakfast tomorrow 8 am?"
"I believe I am. I'll see you then." I smile to myself. Wow! LFA is very sexy! And so is his car.
I'm nuts! Picking up strange men on the road in hotels. He's going to think I'm a prostitute! I guess it's really no different than at the resorts. The resorts do have security and people who run them know everyone there. But so does the hotel too, I guess. LFA will probably will forget anyway, nothing to worry about then. Keep your mind on your business. Sell, sell, sell.
Then sell some more.
My room is nice with a king-size bed. I hang up my dresses and hop in the shower. After a few minutes of rest, I head out to meet my client at Texas De Brazil. The client chose this restaurant, I've never been, but I hear it's excellent. This is sort of like a blind date because I have no idea what the client looks like.
I get to the restaurant and I'm torn between valet parking or not. I have this fantasy in my head of a sexy women pulling up to the valet... they open her door, her hair blows in the wind... They extend their hand and everyone is watching with their mouths open, gasping at her beauty and her gorgeous car.
Yes! I'm going to try it!
A few people are standing outside smoking so I pull up in front of them and wait for the valet. No one comes to the car door! Dam it! I'm pissed! I open the door myself and step out. The smokers went inside, and the young man who is supposed to be fawning over me is chatting with a pretty girl that obviously works there.
I march over to his stand, and he's still ignoring me! Motherfucker! I get back in my damn car and park way out in the boonies so no one dings my precious car. As I start to get out, a hand reaches in for mine.
It's LFA!
"I watched that whole deal at the valet stand. That guy's a blind idiot. So, pretty lady, I thought I would assist you... if you didn't mind."
LFA's smile almost makes me melt. What a gentleman! He's older than me, for sure, is very handsome, for sure, and he drives a super nice car, for sure!
I take his hand and, I try not to show my bare pussy to him, because I don't wear undies! It's tricky getting in and out of my car being so low.
I know he could see my pussy, but he doesn't react. I like that his car is parked right next to mine. I know he will be cautious not to hit either car.
I laugh and say: "So are you stalking me? Same hotel. Same restaurant?"
"Ha-ha, No Corvette girl, I'm not. Not that your not stalker-worthy, mind you."
We're laughing as we walk into the restaurant.
I tell the hostess: "I have reservation for Wolff."
"Yes Ma'am. Just a moment. For two correct?
LFA says: "Hold on. I have a reservation too. With Ms. Wolff."
I spin around and can't believe it. LFA is my client! I start to panic and mumble a little.
"I'm so sorry, sir. I hope you won't hold our prior conversations against me."
He smiles. "Of course not, Corvette Girl. I hope I can still call you that. It fits you. It's been delightful so far. I hope you're not disappointed."
My heart started pounding. He's going to think I'm a slut for agreeing to meet him for breakfast. I tell myself that I just have to change the tone to professional and move on from here.
"NO. Sir. I'm good if you are."
"Well for starters, please keep calling me LFA. I love it."
"Okay."
He puts his hand on my back as we walk to the table. He pulls out my chair and I sit. He sits right next to me so he could talk in my ear.
I can't keep the conversation professional. He's sweet and funny and gorgeous. He flirts all night. We talk about cars, and he's impressed with my knowledge.
I barely talk about my product. Still, by the end of dinner we've closed the deal and signed the paperwork. This contract will pay for my car insurance for half the year. Hooray for me!
I'm so stuffed from dinner I can barely walk to my car. He helps me in and closed the door. I wave goodbye.
What an interesting turn of events. As I drive back to the hotel, I wonder if he closed on our deal because of the car and me or the great product. Who cares?
WOO HOO!
We both pull into our spots way in the back of the lot. He walks me into the hotel lobby and says goodnight.
Without thinking. I say: "Hey! LFA. Breakfast still?"
"I'm sorry. I can't. Business partners right?"
"Yes. Sure. You're right. Goodnight."
I kick myself for the stupid question. However, when I get to my room I'm still excited about my sale. As I calm down I think that it's too bad LFA didn't say 'yes' about breakfast. I've never fucked a sexy black man before.
Oh, well. Tomorrow I'm going to another business meeting and hopefully signing more papers!
I reach into my bag and grab my bikini. I'm always self-conscience about myself being chubby, but who's going to be in the pool at 1030 at night? I'm going to swim all this excitement and food away!
The pool, which is outside between two wings of the hotel, is quite and dark. Surprisingly, one person is swimming at the other side. I slip in and start to swim. I get to the middle of the pool and realize its LFA in the pool. "Crap!"
My heart races, and I try to figure out a way to leave. I climb up on the side of the pool.
"Where are you going Corvette Girl? Don't leave on my account. This pool is big enough for both of us." He chuckles and swims closer to me.
"I don't want to make you uncomfortable, Sir."
"GET YOUR SEXY ASS BACK IN THIS POOL! And don't call me 'sir' ever again."
"Yes, s-...Yes, okay." I slide back into the water. Thank goodness! It's cold up in the air and I forgot to bring a towel. The water is a lot warmer. We both do some laps and the laps turn into mini races. We're both competitive people.
When I start to tire, I float on my back. Of course my big boobs float. I open my eyes and my sexy black man is starring at my boobs. I stand, forgetting I'm wearing a bikini that shows a lot of skin.
He says softly: "Don't stop on my account. I really love this view."
"Aren't we keeping this professional?"
"Well, while we were swimming I kind of revaluated that. I don't mind if you don't mind. It's not like we will see each other. The main office will take over my account. Sadly, we probably won't see each again till the Christmas party. Oh, boy. That should be fun."
I swim away, but I look over my shoulder and smile at him. He follows me.
I'm just about to the pool's edge when he grabs my foot and pulls me under the water.
I jump up spitting out mouthful water. I wasn't expecting that!
He pats me on the back several times. Hard.
"I guess you need mouth-to-mouth..." And he kisses me.
Oh, my, gosh... he's an amazing kisser!
My inner voice says; "Jennifer you are such a slut! This car is making you be very, very bad!"
LFA has big strong hands that wrap around all of me. And I love it!
The cool night air makes me shiver. But LFA is very hot in every way. His strong tongue is down my throat and I love it. Down lower, his long and hard penis presses against me. He keeps kissing—the sides of my face, my neck, my nose, and back to my lips.
My pussy is throbbing, and I want to fuck him! Half of my brain is telling me not to! But the other half of my brain is listening to my pussy, and my pussy is screaming and stomping her feet! "Do it! Do It!" And at this moment my pussy is the ruler of my kingdom!
We've been kissing for a while and I keep opening my eyes to make sure no one is watching. His big hands squeeze my ass and massage it. When his fingers rub my hole, I push it away. I've had a lot of sex but never anal sex; actually my butt is a virgin.
He tries again.
This time I say: "Don't!"
He stops and spins me around so I'm sitting in his lap. I can feel his huge cock sitting between my butt cheeks. I'm near panic, but I know he's not going to do anything I don't want to do. I hope!
He whispers in my ear:
"What's the matter, Corvette girl? You don't like me touching your ass?"
"Actually, my butt is virgin."
"What do you mean?"
"No one has touched, licked, fingered or fuck my butt. Ever."
"Oh. Wow. Okay. Are you curious at all? Do you want to give it a try? I love ass. I love everything thing about it. I could show you the ecstasy that comes from me licking a sexy ass "
I reply: "Honestly, I'm Afraid."
He stands up and puts me up on the pool deck. Then he hops out of the water. He had a towel with him and wrapped it around me, and then he scooped me up in his strong arms and kissed me as he walked us back to his room. He sets me down on the bed and asked me to trust him.
LFA goes into the bathroom and I hear the shower come on. He calls me to join him, and we both get in the shower. He washes himself and then me. It was so calming and sensual. I love it. He pays special attention to my ass, making it squeaky-clean.
I know what's coming...
"I'm really, really nervous..." He kisses me softly and whispers: "Trust me, you're going to love it."
LFA takes my hand in his. He's so warm... I'm still pretty cold. We walk over to the bed and he kisses me. He's such a great kisser, my pussy starts to pulse and I squeeze my legs together to get some friction. His tongue fills my mouth and he licks my lips. He moves over to my ears and neck and I get Goosebumps. He continues his assault with his tongue down my shoulder, across my chest and over to my nipples that are already hard and wanting attention. I'm making little moaning noises, and I squeeze my legs harder together.
H whispers: "Don't worry Corvette Girl, I'm making my way to your pussy shortly."
Oh, my gosh! This guy is so hot and sexy. I could cum just kissing him. He nibbles on my nipples, and I reach down and put his huge hard dick in my hand and squeeze. It feels satiny and hot. I can feel his cock throb in my hand.
"Hmmm Vette Girl... yes..."
We're still standing and my mind is starting to float in euphoria. LFA picks me up and floats me down onto the bed. His warm wet mouth slowly moves down to my belly and reaches my dripping wet pussy. I push my pelvic area up more, and he reaches around and grabs my butt. He's kneeling on the floor with his face in my pussy and his hands on my ass.
My brain is panicking. I'm going to hate this! Why would anyone want to touch a butt hole? Let alone put their finger or mouth there. I love sex, but this kind of sex I'm afraid of. What if I taste horrible? What if it hurts? I know it's going to hurt. No. I can't do it! I start to sit up, but LFA stops me.
"Relax, I'm not going to hurt you. You will love it. Relax..."
I lay back and he really goes to town on my pussy. I forget about my butt assault to come and I concentrate on coming. My heart is pounding in sync with my pussy. I get right to the edge and he stops. He alternates between licking and sucking my clit. It's swollen and sensitive now. I'm close to coming again and he pulls me to the edge of the bed. I feel his finger rubbing my tiny tight hole as he's licking my clit. It's good... I relax a little and my mind is so hot! I need to come. So close again... he stops and rolls me over. My feet are touching the floor and my ass in the air, LFA's face and tongue are licking my butt!
"God you smell and taste so good, Vette Girl. Do you like it? Do you like my mouth on your ass? I'm dick is hard for you. This turns me on so much you have no idea."
"YES, don't stop."
It feels weird at first. A violation, but the more I relax and the more my pussy yells at me the more I love it. It's wet and warm and... Good. He's really enjoying my butt and he rewards me with his fingers sliding into my tight hot pussy. Yes... yes this is better...
"Hold on. I'm going to get something. Don't move."
LFA gets up and digs thru his suitcase. He comes back with some lube and puts it on his finger.
"Sorry it's going to be a little cold and weird feeling but go with it. It's been good so far, right? Trust me a little longer."
I nod my head yes and he licks my hole some more while finger-fucking me.
I'm so close again... so close...
I'm softly moaning and straining for his fingers to be in that right spot...
"I want you to come now Corvette Girl."
His fingers are working there magic on my pussy and I feel his finger penetrate my ass. I jump a little and he fingers fuck me faster...
Close... so close...
He starts to move his finger in my butt faster and pushing in deeper...
And I cum! Explosive!
Oh God! Oh God...
I'm coming! Don't stop! I'm convulsing and squeezing his fingers with my pussy... I bet I'm making lovely coming faces... My body is still twitching...
Amazing! That was amazing! I'm out of breath and light -headed. I'm really wiped out and tired. I collapse on the bed and LFA pulls me up and under the covers.
"You loved it! I knew you would. I love your ass. Tastes so dam good and I want more."
"What about you? Do you have a condom? Do you want to fuck me?"
"Lets get some sleep and we can have sex in the morning. My dick is hard as a rock in the morning and I last forever. We may need a nap in the afternoon. "
I was too tired to discuss it and I fall asleep.
I wake up early. It's still dark and quiet around the hotel except for the crickets and the traffic sounds. I go to my room, shower, change and sneak out. For some stupid reason I feel so dirty about what I did last night. That is an unusual feeling for me. He's a co-worker now, kind of. I will text my next client in a little while to change our meeting to a breakfast place about 25 miles out of this town.
I hope LFA doesn't wake up and hate me for leaving him. I hope he doesn't cancel his order with my company. That would be bad. Maybe I should stay. No. Go. Go now, my brain is sometimes right, sometimes. I get in my car and turn it on. GodDamn It! It's so loud! I'm going to wake up everyone in the place! I pull out of the parking lot and my phone dings with a text.
"You can't sneak around when you drive a Corvette. I won't hold it against you Vette Girl. You will owe me at the Christmas Party. Remember that."
Then he sends me Emoji's of kisses, a hand that's doing the OK sign and a finger pointing to it. I know what that means... Yet, there's a huge smile on my face.
My next client has to cancel our meeting. I can't say that breaks my heart. My head is elsewhere, and I doubt if I could sit through another meeting...for at least a couple of reasons.
I crank up my new red Corvette and head for the highway. The car smells so great and its contours embrace me. The instrumentation is like something from NASA. I accelerate up the entrance ramp and then cruise along the interstate.
Smiling, I whisper "Thank you!" to the engineers at General Motors who designed this wonderful bucket seat that caresses my tired and tender butt with absolute perfection. Ahhh, this is wonderful. Just keeping up with the traffic requires keeping the speedometer north of 80, so I'm home extra early.
Alone in my house, random thoughts pick at me like coyotes. I think my mojo is off. I really was a bad girl last night, a bad, bad girl!
I try to think ahead to the weekend. But I can't focus on it. I feel it's going to be a long week. After eating, I have to admit that I really like what LFA did to me. I know he went easy on me and I really want to try it again, but I'm definitely not going to ask anyone for it. If it happens I'll let it happen. I decide to talk to Charlotte and Mason about it. I think I remember them talking about doing it not too long ago.
The week drags on, but I make some good sales. The insurance for my Sunshine is secure for the whole year! Now I have to build my savings back up so I can go on vacations again. It was worth my misery at home to save and get this amazing car. No one was available this week to do anything fun, so I really look forward to Friday.
This Friday was extra boring at work. I hate spending the day on the phone. Just when this day seemed never ending, my phone dings and It's my best guy friend-Jack. Jack Carr.
He's my childhood crush- tall, lean, muscular, brown hair and the greenest eyes I've ever seen on a human. He always dated the debate team girls, nerdy girls. I was the chubby jock type. We were neighbors and best friends. He never and still doesn't know I was madly in love with him. When he moved to England with his family in grade 11 it was the worse day of my life. We've kept in touch by phone, email and video chat. I haven't seen him face to face in eleven long years. It's funny how he's developed an English accent. I guess we all adapt to our environment to fit in.
My text reads: "Call me ASAP."
I call, hoping he's all right.
"Hey Jack! Everything okay??"
"Yes Jenn. I wanted you to know I was moving back to the states."
"What? You're kidding! This didn't happen spur of the moment. Why didn't you tell me sooner?"
"Actually, it just fell into place. Did you know that my old house next to your mom's is for sale? Or it was. I bought it!"
"Oh, my God! That's amazing! I'm happy for you. Did you change jobs?"
"No, same company, different division. So... I will see you in two weeks. That's when the closing is. I'll have to buy all new furnishings. No Point in shipping what I have. Can you take me shopping?"
"Yes! Yes I can. I look forward to it! I miss you a lot!"
"I miss you, too. I'm looking forward to you showing me your Dungeon and that swingers club. It all sounds very exciting. There's not much here in England. I need you to teach me stuff, my naughty girl."
My mind is racing. Oh. My. God. Does he have any idea how much I want to fuck him? My pussy just throbbed thinking about it. I've got to get a grip. We're in the friend's zone only.
I say: "I have to get back to work, Friday always drags on. I'll see you in two weeks! Bye, Jack. Oh wait! Do you need a ride from the airport?"
" Yes. I'll text you details. Bye Jennifer."
"Bye Jack."
My workday ends, and I'm Finally back in my car! I love this car. My sunshine! This new car smell must be an aphrodisiac! I want sex all time! This Corvette makes me Happy, beyond Happy. Ecstatic.
Jack is moving back. Wow! I make it my mission to fuck him. When I'm determined about something, I get it done.
I pull out of the parking garage and get stuck at every light. The only good thing is I can hit the gas and I get to hear that amazing engine growl. Damn, it makes me wet! I'm smiling like an idiot and I look over to see a hot guy watching me.
Oh! I smile at him and he smiles back. He winks and waves, and I wave. He's sort of hot! He's still smiling and so am I. The light changes and we both move forward. He's still smiling at me. Damn! he's hot, real HOT! I stop looking at his face and notice he's driving an Aston Martin Vantage...red! Holy shit, I love this car! We both hit the next red light and it's been six miles of smiling at each other. He points to me to pull over and I shake my head no. The light goes green, and we drive, still smiling at each other and admiring each other's car.
After seven more miles, nothing's changed, we're still stupidly smiling at each other. I almost rear-ended someone at the next light. I slam on the breaks hard and cuss at myself. Get your head out of your pussy and pay attention!
Mr. Vantage points to the Wal-Mart Warehouse parking lot, I stupidly follow him. Damn, this sexy car!
I make him drive over to where the cameras are on the building just in case. Who am I kidding? If he kills me, the cameras won't help. Mr. Vantage is so hot! He couldn't be an Exotic Car serial killer could he?? His car is amazing! He must have LOTS of money. Life is too short, and my pussy is throbbing. We are still smiling at each other, and we both get out of our cars.
"Voiture Sexy"
"Excuse me?"
I understood the sexy part and wonder what country he's from. Smiling, I walk over to his car and admire the V8 and the interior.
"Je veux coucher avec toi sur ma voiture."
"I'm sorry. I don't understand.
Hold on let me get my phone. I can translate it."
He watches me return to my car and open my door. He rushes over and kisses me on the cheek. I hold up my finger to tell him to hold on as I reach for my phone. The whole time I have my finger up to make him wait. He decides to put his mouth over my finger and suck.
Oh. I think I understand what he's saying now.
"Je veux t'embrasser et te baiser."
I get my phone, take my finger out of his mouth, and show him the translator app I turned on.
"Talk in here so I can understand you."
I point to it.
"Je veux t'embrasser et te baiser."
"I WANT TO KISS AND FUCK YOU," my phone says.
OH! My! My cheeks turn red and I smile at him.
My turn. "Hello. My name Is Jennifer. I love your car." The phone says: "Bonjour, Mon nom est Jennifer. J'aime ta voiture."
It's French! Very cool! A hot, sexy French guy that doesn't speak English, who drives a Vantage.
His turn: "Belle femme, suis-moi que je puisse te mettre sur mon capuchin et avoir mon chemin avec toi."
"Beautiful Woman. Follow me so I can lay you on my hood and have my way with you."
His voice in this sexy language has my pussy wanting some licking. I look at him. So Gorgeous, Black long hair, average height, a little chunky and very sexy.
Drop dead gorgeous suit and an expensive car! How can I say no. I nod yes, and we get in our cars and I follow him behind the trash bins. I get out and walk over to his car.
This is the stupidest thing I've done so far. Well, whom am I kidding! I think I need sexy sports car therapy and a sex anonymous group. He gets out and comes right for me. I hold up my finger again and he puts his mouth over it again. Hhmm...
He wraps his sexy arms around my waist and kisses me. He tastes like strawberries! He is an exceptional kisser.
My throbbing pussy agrees.
He moves me closer to the car hood. I've always wanted to have sex on a car hood but not as expensive as this car. My brain yells at me not to dent the damn hood.
He whispers sweet French in my ear, and lets be honest, who cares what he says to me, It's a beautiful language that makes my pussy wet.
"Vous etes une femme magnifique."
He reaches to slide down my panties.
He looks up at me with a wide smile.
I smile at him. I don't wear panties!
He lifts up my dress over my head and steps back.
"Etourdissant!"
I am guessing that's good because he lays me on his car's warm hood and puts his sexy face between my legs.
"Doux comme le miel"
He certainly knows how to eat a pussy. His hot wet tongue slowly licks up and down my slit. He goes back to lick my clit for a while and my head is moving side to side. I'm very close to coming on a very expensive hood.
He has a long tongue that reaches in my pussy pretty far. It's magic! Round and round my clit...
He stands up and helps me down. I think: No, no! Don't stop. So close...
He bends me over on the hood and unzips his pants. I glance over my shoulder to see a gorgeous thick cock. Not long at all but very thick. He's hard, and he slides on a rubber. I wish I knew what he's saying to me.
"EXQUIS"
He slowly slides his thick cock into my frustrated pussy. It fills me...All-encompassing my pussy. Oh, God! Yes...
It feels so satisfying. He fucks me on the hood of his car and I LOVE it!
I started to sweat a little and he's fucking me hard. I can't come this way. My brain's worried about damaging his car so for the first time in my life I faked an orgasm. I make it loud and dramatic. He fucks me faster, and I felt his cock pulse in my pussy. He comes loudly too then leans over on my back and hugs me. My boobs are in his hands and we both rest on the hood. It's very sexy. I love fucking on the hood. I'd like to do it again some time... just on a cheaper car.
He stands up, turned me around and kisses me. He puts my dress back on, pulls off the condom, throws it in the trash bin and zips up his expensive pants. He walks me to my car, sits me down in it and takes my phone.
"Merci belle femme pour une belle après-midi vous etes exceptionanelle."
My phone says: "Thank you, beautiful woman, for a lovely afternoon. You are exceptional"
He kisses my forehead, gets in his Aston Martin and drives away.
Two weeks have gone by and today is the day. My childhood best friend is moving back. I will pick him up at the airport at four this afternoon. I know that Friday traffic near the airport will be terrible. But I'm still happy and excited. This awesome new car has brought me such good luck and so much joy that I smile every time I get behind the wheel.
I've been sitting in the cell phone lot for 30 minutes...
My delayed satisfaction is soon to end. The road ahead for me, my new car and my best friend is wide open and the horizon if full of the promise of adventure.
STAY TUNED.