(c)2023 by Ted Ursi/TeddySmutWriter, all rights reserved.
Warning: The author is an asshole. He built this story like rickety old emotional roller coaster of dubious structural integrity. When you think things are going just fine you'll suddenly lurch sideways into something completely different. Sorry, not sorry.
Read the tags. But don't expect the category to be treated the way you expect. In fact expect it to be radically different. Again sorry, not sorry.
Like many stories here on Literotica, this one exists in a world where consequence free sex is possible. The physical ones anyway. The emotional and relationship shit is what drives the plot and are half the fun.
All characters engaging in sexual activity are legal adults. The opinions and desires of the characters are their own and not meant to reflect opinions or desires of any living person, including the author.
Enjoy.
~~~~^~~~~*~~~~^~~~~*~~~~^~~~~*~~~~^~~~~*~~~~^~~~~*~~~~^~~~~
CHAPTER 1: New House Rules
Some girls meditate by doing nude yoga. Not me. I do naked metal air guitar.
Sunday after church I was up in my room dancing and strumming away to Epica wearing only pink ankle socks and my ear buds turned up way too loud. That's why the text notice from my phone hit me like a sonar ping from a Los Angeles class nuclear submarine. Ow.
I grabbed my phone and looked:
DAD: Turn your earbuds down Casey, you didn't hear me knock. And come downstairs, we're having a family meeting.
He used my actual name, not "Rusty," so he was a bit miffed.
ME: OK Dad
Dad doesn't like text abbreviations. He says there's really no excuse with assisted text. He's kinda sorta right and I'm past that space where I did things just to annoy him. Teenage girls can be just so... problematic that way. Even though I still technically was one for the next seven hundred odd days or so I felt I was far more mature than that. I was a woman! An actual woman! More on that later.
I slipped on my favorite T-shirt―Grandpa Clarke's old and faded red XXL USMC shirt―and some cutoff sweat pants. I then ran downstairs to the dining room. I didn't bother to close my bedroom door because, unless I took time and care, it would just pop open again. I think the frame was warped or something.
Mom, Dad and my twin brother Greg were already there. Dad was standing with Mom seated next to him. Greg was sitting at the opposite end his ridiculous muscles seeming to ripple even though he was still. I took a seat on the side halfway. "Sorry... sorry... wassup Dad?"
Dad smiled at me. Miffness canceled I guess. "Well first off congratulations to both of you for the scholarships."
Greg had a full ride athletic scholarship to Billing, a smaller school in the Midwest for gymnastics and―would you believe―cheerleading? He was actually shorter than me by an inch but outweighed me by twenty pounds, all of it muscle. Otherwise you could tell we were siblings with our facial bone structure and mops of auburn hair. Why I ended up being "Rusty" while he was always just "Greg" is a mystery from the dawn of time....
Anyways I had a tuition only scholarship to a closer school to which I could commute. That it was bigger and more prestigious didn't matter. I didn't get to do the whole away at school thing unless I worked off my ass at some shit job to get my own place.
"Thanks Dad" we both chimed in.
"And your mother got her new car."
"No more Libby?" Greg asked.
Libby was Mom's battered '04 Jeep Liberty. We'd practically grown up in the back seat of that car. We all loved her, as quirky as she was. I Knew I was going to miss Libby. I'd taken my driving test in that car. You never forget your first.
"Well no" Mom said. "The dealer's trade in offer was insultingly low, so we decided to keep her."
"Yea!" I said. Besides my fondness the aging Jeep, it meant we were now a three car family.
"What did you decide to buy Mom?" Greg asked.
"I was going to get the Renegade but finally went with the Rav 4." She sounded apologetic.
Ick, I thought. Crossovers are an abomination upon this Earth. The Renegade had been bad enough: Chrysler shamelessly chasing after the urban hipster car market while trying to keep a Liberty vibe as well meant failing miserably at both IMHO. The only thing Jeep like was the headlights and vertical grill. Also keep in mind Dad drives Charger. Grampa Clarke drove an F150 all his long life. So going with the Toyota broke the family tradition of domestic wheels. Grandpa would have openly sneered at her new "rice burner."
Yeah, I know that whole domestic and import line was so blurry a thing these days but family tradition is family tradition you know? Mom was looking around the table defensively. "I like the features and the dealer gave a much better price."
"Moving on to the next item..." Dad said.
"Your father and I are booked on a cruise in September." Mom said. "We'll be gone a week plus."
"Great," Greg said. "But why wait until September? You two deserve a vacation now."
"We decided to wait until you two hellions were occupied with school again before we left you two alone in this house." Dad said.
"That's not fair Bob, they're both responsible adults." Mom said. "Plus kids it's when Bill and Towanda will be free to join us."
"I was joking Dear," Dad said. He actually looked nervous. "Sorta... which leads to the last item."
Team Parent looked at each other for a heavyweight second and then they both nodded.
Mom smiled brightly "We've been talking about this for some time..."
Dad chimed in "And since you both are indeed responsible young adults..."
"But still capable of missteps..." Mom conceded.
Dad nodded to her in acknowledgment. "We would rather you two... How can I―we say this..."
What the fuck? I looked at Greg who looked back wide eyed and shrugged.
"Would feel safe and accepted as you..." Mom said hesitating over the next word.
"Experiment..." Dad contributed.
"Sexually..." Mom dropped the word she had obviously been hesitating over.
"Yes, sexually..." Dad added his confirmation and support.
Holy fuck. Mom and Dad had always been easy going and honest about sex stuff but this...
"So we've decided..." Mom carried on.
"That we will have new house rules." Dad actually pulled an index card out of his pocket!
"First, your privacy will be respected," Dad said with his gaze glued to the three by five rectangle. "We won't enter your rooms without knocking if the door is closed."
"Even if you have guests," Mom said. "Even overnight."
Wow. Just wow.
"Last thing we need is all that foolish and dangerous climbing in and out of windows at 4:15 AM." Dad was looking straight at me.
"Yes Dear," Mom said. "We would really like to have made Roger a send off breakfast."
Roger was my boyfriend. Past tense with an option for future, depending on how our lives worked out going forward. We came to a practical understanding that we're each going in different directions and both of us were far too horny to 'save ourselves' for the other.
The night before he shipped out to marine boot camp I had given him my virginity. Just before midnight he climbed the ladder I had left leaning against the side of the garage, crossed the roof and tapped on my window. With the moonlight casting him in silhouette, I let him in.
I mean, who wouldn't? Rodrigo 'Roger' Sanchez and my brother were buds, both of them in the gymnastics and cheerleading programs. Imagine my brother Greg's body with mocha skin, dark curly hair and eyes that would make Valentino pale with envy. But the big thing was his heart. Roger was the only one besides me that stuck with Greg the entire junior year when all that shit happened. So yeah, there was someone who deserved my pearl of great price.
I slid up the sash and said, "Shh, my brother's room is right next door."
"m'kay" he said and stuck out those luscious lips.
I grabbed his neck with both hands and docked our mouths together. I started backing towards my bed. The blinds on my window jangled as he came fully into the room. Damn. We stopped and waited, listening. I heart was pounding. But nothing. No creaking of my parents door, no feet padding down the hallway, no knocking. We were safe.
So I did the cross armed girl thing to pull off my night shirt which―you guessed it―was faded red with a big yellow fowled anchor on the back. I tossed it behind me onto the bed. Roger pulled off his T-shirt too, the way guys do, by the collar, over his head and down those yummy arms of his.
I latched my lips on the nipple against his rock hard peck. His big arms pulled me in tight forcing me to lift my head since we were both the same height. That was okay because Roger swept aside my hair and buried his face in my neck, kissing me in that sweet spot he had discovered long ago.
My panties were soaked. Yes I was wearing panties. You can't have them ceremoniously removed if you weren't wearing any, now could you? Anyways they were now so wet I was surprised the added weight didn't drag them down my legs. And we still hadn't made it to the bed!
I eased backwards. He pursued, leading with his lips. Back a little more... a little more and my legs bumped the mattress. I let myself fall backwards and kicked my legs up high into the air.
Roger grabbed my ankles and locked those talented lips on my ankle bone. Down my leg he kissed, progressing slowly from calf to knee to inner thigh. When he got close to my pink panties he stopped and inhaled deeply. My scent must have been strong because his eyes lost focus and he was rocking like he was listening to music. I reached down and entwined my fingers in his curly black hair.
Roger stuck his two fingers under my ass cheeks, up through the leg holes and hooked the top of panties from the inside. I put my knees together over his head and he dragged them up my legs and over my ankles―almost. They caught on one foot. So I kicked them into the air giggling. The hit the ceiling with an audible splat and the fell to hit with another splat.
Right on my face.
The aroma almost choked me but I didn't care a wit. I just shook filthy thing off so I could see. Roger had gotten down to business. I'd sucked him off too many times to count but this was the first time he'd ever gone down on me. It wasn't that he wouldn't because I had never asked and our situation had never been practical. I suppose we could have figured something out like find a nice secluded spot where I felt safe to get on the hood of his Chevy but we were both horny teenagers. We didn't do any of that planning stuff. We just made out wherever we could whenever we thought we could get away with it.
We'd gotten quite daring. I remember sucking Roger in the cramped back seat of the Chevy parked along the curb under the Havranek's big old horse chestnut tree and going suddenly still as Mr. Havranek walked Wagner, their brindled pug.
The pooch's name is pronounced "Vagner" by the way. We were good friends him and I. Wagner obviously knew something was up but Konrad was oblivious. Which was good because of his heart condition.
Fun times.
Anyways, experience tells and Roger had none.
I spread my legs wide for him and he licked me like a cow, his broad tongue sweeping from my taint up to my carefully trimmed in anticipation bush. It sent shivers up my spine but...
My lover started exploring the creases and folds of my sex, first here and then there, each thing he tried felt good but he never stopped to repeat himself. He just kept moving on to the next thing. I was torn. This was our special night. I felt stopping him and getting all pedantic on his ass would be a buzz kill. But so was this.
"Roger, oh Roger..." I clutched his hair and started to pull him upwards. "I want you in me so bad."
Roger started kissing up my body while simultaneously trying to get out of his shorts. He fumbled with his belt and then suddenly cursed, waving his hand. Somehow he'd ripped a nail!
Giving up on multi tasking, he stood and pulled down his shorts. His underwear glowed in the moonlight.
Roger wears tighty-whities. Always had. It's what his mother bought him. Sigh.
Those went down too. Now developed the problem that he still had on his shoes. I didn't find this awkward, much. I mean give the guy a break, this was his first time too. Even the star gymnast he was would be clumsy with a pole as stiff as his getting in the way of everything he was trying to do.
Oh man that beautiful brown cock. With its upwards curve and that shovel shaped helmet. I smile every time I picture it in my head. Right then I shivered with anticipation of what it was going to feel like inside me.
"Roger darling," I whispered. "Did I ever tell you how beautiful your cock is?"
Somehow that settled him. All the frustration and clumsiness left his body as if my words had exorcised them. As if by magic he was naked and standing tall, clutching my foot against his chest. "No mi lirio, never."
"Well it is." I raised my hands and made the come hither motion with my fingers.
Roger climbed aboard. His big hands settled either side of me and his cock started poking between my legs, trying to find entry. I reached up and pulled on his neck so we could kiss and I murmured "let me."
With my other hand I grabbed his shaft and guided him to the opening of my cunt. And without further ado it was in. I put my hands on his six-pack abs. "Slowly please."
Roger eased forward slowly but indomitably. The sudden sting of my hymen's destruction made me shudder but I said nothing. I just bit my lip and took it. Anyways it wasn't half so bad as I had feared.
That beautiful cock slid the rest of the way in. Did I mention its shape? The head of him scraped along my vaginal wall finding my g-spot like a tool designed for that very purpose.
"Ooh ooh ooh," I said cleverly.
"You like that dulce niña?" His voice crackled with the smile that gleamed down at me in the moonlight.
I gripped his biceps with my hands. "Why yes... yes... I believe I do."
And he stroked me and he stroked me and he stroked me. Each one was a heavenly revelation. But on the fifth stroke he shuddered suddenly and came. The hot wetness flooding in felt so good I shivered a little but it was so too soon. His face took on that mortified look "Oh, I'm so sorry."
I gripped his neck again and pulled him down to kiss him.
"Its okay baby," I said. "You're still hard, keep going."
He did as he was told and those wonderful strokes began again. I reached down one hand and rubbed my clit. I was taking no chances, I was going to come before he lost rigidity no matter what. And I did, having one of those quicky Jill off orgasms like I had a thousand times before. I did play it up a little for Roger but it was real.
So Roger relaxed and his cock relaxed and slowly slid out of me. He studied my face and said, "I am so honored you chose me for this."
Wow. I reconsidered committing myself to him forever and ever.
He started to say more, "I know it wasn't―mmf!"
I snatched his neck again and silenced him with my lips. When I had made my point I murmured, "It ain't over until I say it's over mi hombre."
With that I kissed my way down his body to engulf his sweet cock in my mouth. My mouth and tongue know Roger's cock very well. You could say the were old friends. But now the taste was different. Familiar still but with the new sauce of my own juices plus the added ferric taste of my deflowering.
I laved the topside of his dick, tracing the big vein there with my tongue. I teased the head with my lips, kissing it and grabbing at it like I had once snatched a big puff or hot buttered popcorn offered at his fingertips. Then I followed up by slurping my say down the underside of his cock and gently grabbing one of his balls in my teeth, pulling at it so that it popped out between them.
Roger stroked my hair. "Baby you ain't gotta―"
"SHUSH!" I said too loudly. "I ain't gotta, I wanna!"
Roger smiled and fell back, letting me work. When he was hard I climbed on top of him. I did the hair toss thing and smiled down at him. I grabbed his shoulders and began kneading them. "You can do this... relax... this magnificent body was built for this... you worked hard to build it and now it's time for you to win..."
"Okay coach," Roger said. "My heads in the game."
"Not yet it isn't," I said. "My 'game' wants your head in it now. And the rest of your cock."
Roger guided his cock head to the right spot and slipped it in, just like that. I eased back and down savoring his lovely scimitar of flesh once again. When my ass cheeks came to rest on his thighs I wiggled, marveling at the feel of him inside of me. Then I began to rapidly pump up and down on him just an inch or so, finding an easy rhythm just by flexing of my thighs.
Oh it was so good. So good. I found myself lengthening my stroke and the power of my thrusts. Roger began matching me, slamming upwards as I came down. If someone were walking by outside I'm sure their heads would turn towards the grunting and slapping noises coming from my open window. I don't know but a part of me hoped they did.
Faster and harder we both went. I could feel my body building to something bigger and better than I had ever felt before. I wanted to scream and wail like a banshee. I snatched up my panties and stuffed them in my mouth. In my state of mind the squishy slick saltiness of them tasted exactly right with the universe.
"Uhm guhnna cumn!"
"Urgh... me too!" Roger said.
Unbidden, my legs and thighs started to shake. I began a crazy hiccup squeal as Roger hips came up and began bouncing me up and down on his cock. "Yeep, yeep, yeep"
I came and gushed all over him. He howled something in Spanish as he slammed upwards one last time, filling me again with his come.
We both collapsed, me on top of his broad chest. His cock slowly softened and withdrew as I covered his face with feathery kisses. Eventually I slipped to the side and fell into a blissful doze.
"What time is it?" Roger asked finally.
I roused and looked at my alarm on the table beside my bed. "Just after four."
"I gotta go," Roger said. "Mom and Dad are taking me to breakfast and then the bus station."
"Can I come with?" The double entendre hung there in the air as Roger went in another, surprising direction.
"Oh sweet Casey..." he looked at me with those Valentino eyes. "If they saw me with you they would know, the way I would look at you."
"And that would be a bad thing?" I knew Rodrigo senior and his wife Anna liked me well enough, I'd been over their house maybe a hundred times.
"They would start treating you like su nuera―their daughter in law."
"Oh... that would be... inconvenient," I admitted. "For both of us."
So out my once and maybe future king went through the window, across the garage roof and down and away. Silent as a ghost except for the rattle of the blinds, the foot sliding into the gutter and the cursing as his feet searched for the ladder against the wall.
I didn't care. I was a woman now and nobody could take that away.
Funny how vivid memories can play back in your head in such compressed time. I looked around the dining room table to find everyone else looking at me.
That Dad had been so precise with the time Roger climbed out my window said we had fooled nobody. "And somebody needs to finally put the ladder back in the garage."
I was blushing like a nun at a nudist camp. Greg chuckled at my discomfort.
But you know what? Beneath the shame there was a good deal of pride and... arousal? People, my whole family, knew Roger and I had fucked that night and I was glad!
I straightened my shoulders and put on my best canary eating grin. I'm a woman world, so fuck off! Or stick around and watch me do it all again. And again. And―
"Moving right along," Mom said. "Overnight guests are always welcome at the breakfast table, no matter who they are."
Greg rolled his eyes. He wasn't blushing, he was was flushed with anger. "Look..."
Greg is not gay. I know because I know his browser history. Bi-curious maybe but I know he gets erections over girls. Plus we had played doctor together as kids. There was that one time with the lost chess piece when we were nine or ten... I'd gotten mine out but his had required parental assistance. That and, despite his athleticism, his lack of interest in all things mechanical made him the odd duck of the family. Stereotypes much? Gees.
"No worries Greg," Dad said. Give him credit, Dad sounded like he really meant it. He consulted his card again. "Party, drug and alcohol policy remain unchanged."
Mom and Dad were very strict about those things. We were allowed beer or wine in their presence to demystify the booze to us but unsupervised use was forbidden. No drugs, period. And parties? You only have to call the fire department once to understand their reluctance to have a horde of unsupervised teenagers in your home.
"This next one is something I've been waiting for," Mom said.
"Within reason," Dad said. "The house and grounds are now clothing optional."
"That means no shocking the yard crew or the neighbors," Mom said. She grinned. "But also, no more tan lines!"
You know that ancient music video "Stacey's Mom?" Well I've actually gotten that vibe off of some of my school friends when they came over to our house. It was bad enough with Mom in a string bikini. Having your mom topless or worse when friends come over is going to be a trip. Plus Dad... eww.
"And finally..." Dad glanced at mom. She met his eyes and slowly nodded. "All these changes apply to every adult living here. Except of course your Mom and I do own this house―or approximately half of it by now anyway―so we do get to have parties."
It took a minute for that to sink in.
Holy fuckity fuck fuck.
I shook my head in wonder. That explained so much: the overnight babysitters... the weekend getaways... Watching them flirting with occasional hints of much more with Bill and Towanda Little on shared vacations year after year before the other family moved to Atlanta. Gees.
My parents were swingers!?
"Mom!" I said. "Dad!"
Dad shrugged. Mom was actually blushing, but defiant.
"About your parties..." Greg said. "We're not going to have to..."
"No Dear, we're not going to rub our lifestyle in your faces." Mom said. "The worst you can expect is our having our own guests for breakfast now and then."
"Well there will be a little bit more to it than that," Dad said.
"Yes," Mom said. "I almost forgot"
Which sounded not at all convincing. She reached into her purse and pulled a shiny metal ring and quickly snapped it around her own neck. This being the Twenty-first Century, even I knew what that was. My mom? Collared? I looked at my Dad.
"Oh no Dear," Mom said. "It's not his."
Greg started laughing so hard he ended up bent over with his head down on the table.
I wanted to cry. My world had just been turned upside down. "D-daddy?"
"Rusty?" Dad seemed remarkably unperturbed. I mean I know he would have known but you'd think having his children find out would make him... I don't know. Instead he put on his "my baby's crying" face and opened his arms.
I rushed into them.
"How?" I asked. "Why? Who?"
"Your Mom has certain needs I can't fill."
"He can Dear," Mom said. "But it hurts him to do it."
I looked up at him. "But you let someone else... another man... it is another man?"
"Yes Dear," Mom said. "Your Uncle Bill."
"Sweetie, I'm an engineer, not a doctor. When your Mom needs medical attention we take her to a doctor."
"That's not the same thing!" I wailed.
"No, I suppose you're right. But it's the closest I can come up with at the moment."
"But the... the..."
"Sex?" Mom asked. "Yes there's sex involved. We just told you we partied with the Littles, among others, so I don't see―"
"But this makes Daddy a whatchamacallit, a cuckold?"
Mom laughed. "Hardly Dear. If anything I'm your father's cuckqueen. Ask your Aunt Towanda. Or Olivia Snow—"
"Samantha," Dad said rather sharply.
"Forget I said that," Mom said to me.
"Okay Mom," I said. Olivia Snow had been my Sunday school teacher for three years. Her daughter Pamela was on the other end of the famous hand sniffing incident.
"I'm sorry Dear," Mom said to Dad. "My tongue slipped."
"I know Dear," Dad said. "These things happen. Let's move on."
That got an odd look from Mom. Like what Dad had said actually pissed her off.
"Look Rusty," Dad said. "Bill is very good at what he does for your Mom and they both enjoy it. I think of it as a sport they share, like tennis. Bill is a pro."
"And he has the equipment for it." Her voice had a cruel edge to it.
Dad looked pained at that. It made me mad. "Mom!"
"Bill is quite a skilled woodworker and makes all kinds of―"
"That's not what you meant!" I yelled.
Mom deflated. "Yes Dear, you're right. I shouldn't have said what I did when I did. It was mean."
"It is what it is, as they say," Dad said. "We are endowed by our Creator..."
"Stop!" I said. We're talking about cock size and my Dad is quoting the Declaration of Independence! I mean it makes weird sense in that it's something outside a guy's own control but gees Louise... Suddenly I was trying to laugh while still crying and ended up with hiccups. Dad was holding me and patting my back.
"Your father is good and sufficient for any woman's needs," Mom said. "Your existence if proof enough of that. Bill is just a special treat now and then. If it helps, Towanda has labeled your father 'N.B.' and it's stuck with our social group."
"Hick..." I bit the hook. "NB?"
"It means 'Not Bad―for a white guy.'" Dad said. He didn't sound proud about it though. More like resigned.
Greg snorted. He had been a spectator to all this family drama. Thinking about that I realized it was often the case, and I had a bad premonition about it. Like I needed another belly lurching revelation. Shit. This was supposed to be a happy occasion! New car, not just parental permission but actual approval to sexually explore, no more tan lines with a whole long summer stretching out ahead and... wow.
"I'm gonna need some time to think," I said. "To adjust, you know?"
"Of course Dear," Mom said.
"Yes Rusty Wusty," Dad said. He kissed the top of my head.
"Yes Rusty Wusty" Greg sneered.
"Greg!" Mom and Dad said in unison.
Greg got up and walked out.
"That's not good," Dad said.
"I'll go and talk―" Mom started.
"No," I said. "Let me."
I found Greg out on the back deck fishing for something in the mini fridge.
"Whatcha doin Bro?"
"Having a beer," he said. "Want one?"
I looked around with guilt but then decided, after all that just happened? Fuck it. "Yes please."
He turned around and handed me a Yuengling. I uncapped it and took a swig, deciding I was never going to be a wine mom. Beer bitch? Yeah that sounded right. "Some shit huh?"
"Yeah some shit." Greg sat on a nearby lounger hunched over, dangling the bottle from his hand. "Look, if you think I just need someone to listen to me vent my feeling, I'm a guy, not one of your girlfriends. We're not like that."
"I know." I joined him and put an arm around his shoulder.
"I'm a guy. A regular guy. I like girls, I really do. I love the smell of them..."
I snorted. "I know! That time you put Pam Snow up on your one hand at the homecoming game, you think nobody saw you smell your palm when she was down?"
He looked over at me with a sheepish grin. "Caught hell for it from Coach Archer. Like she doesn't sniff their panties in the locker room."
"It's called discretion Bro."
"Sounds like there ain't gonna be much of that around here from now on."
"I don't know. I think they think they may have gone too far too fast..."
At which point Mom demonstrated perfect timing by coming through the sliding door wearing only a towel and her collar. "Mind if I play through?"
She didn't say boo about the beer even though I could tell she noted the bottles in our hands.
"Sure thing Mom," Greg said. "Nice pedicure."
"Thank you Greg," she said. "I just want to catch some rays before the sun goes behind the the wall."
The wall was the sound barrier of the turnpike that abutted our property to the west. The expressway here was elevated so the wall was rather imposing. So much so it may have reduced our property value, which was probably why we could afford it. But the space between our property line and the wall was a bit of wilderness we had explored as kids. Every kid needs a bit of wilderness growing up. You take the good with the bad.
"I'll just give you two your space," Mom said. As she walked off, hips swaying more then I ever remember before she called back "Two beer limit please."
"Yes Mom!" we said in unison.
"Look Greg, about the 'Rusty Wusty' thing...."
"I know," he said. "I'm sorry Sis."
I slapped his shoulder. "No you idiot, I'm the one that's sorry. They treat me better than you. Especially Dad. Not all that much but enough to notice. I notice."
"Yeah, sometimes I feel like the fourth wheel on a tricycle."
"Yeah, like that." I took a swig of my beer. It was cold and foamy and good in that bitter sweet way of it, perfectly matching the mood of the moment.
"But it's only natural," Greg said. "I'm different. I don't know how it happened, but I'm different than what everyone expects in this family. Why should they invest as much time in me as they do you?"
"Because you're my brother," I said. "And their son."
"I don't know, the father-daughter thing is a pretty big thing for humanity. 'Cleopatra' was the most common girl name in ancient Greece. It means 'beloved of her father,' in other words 'Daddy's Girl.'"
I looked at him as he drained half his beer in a gulp. "You'd kill at playing Jeopardy."
"Thanks Sis. You remember that time when we were ten and I got that chess piece stuck in my ass?"
"Yeah I do." What the fuck, I guess we both knew that was a defining moment for him.
His shoulders slumped even more that they had been. "So it's no surprise people think I might be gay."
"You're not gay Greg," I said. "And how would anyone know about that anyways?"
"I know, but I gotta tell you, I like having things stuck in my butt. But only when a girl does it."
"It's called 'pegging.'" I said. Two can play the trivia game.
"I know," he said. "But how can I ask a girl to do that for me without her thinking I'm gay?"
"Duh, because you were asking her and not some guy?"
"That's not the way Nicole thought about it." Oh shit, so that's how those rumors, not to mention the tauntings, and the fist fights our junior year had come about.
It was such fucked up situation. Some of the trouble actually came from the openly gay kids who had their own table in the lunch room. Their clique and hangers on were a solid power center in student politics. They had started chanting "shit or get off the pot" at Greg when he walked by instead of joining them.
It got to the point where Greg wavered. He actually went out on something like a date with one of the openly gay kids not of the gay table clique to see what would happen. It was Calvin Wu. I think they played miniature golf. Didn't work out. But they came to some kind of weird friendship thing.
Yes there were some gay kids who were not in the power clique. Some, like Calvin were ostracized for having a wrong opinion on some side issue entirely unrelated to alternative genital gratification. What the fuck is the Laffer Curve anyways?
Others were more about some aspect of their lives other than about their sexual preference like sports, gaming, or music.
Calvin, besides being something other gays accused of being a 'log cabin,' was into piano. He spent every free moment down in the auditorium practicing on the school's prized Steinway. You'd hear sweet notes wafting about at that end of the school sometimes if the halls weren't filled with kids between classes.
Pretty much everyone who wasn't an asshole liked Calvin.
He died in a fiery car crash on an icy mountain road New Years Day along with Mr. Ellingsworth, our economics teacher. The whole thing had a Thelma and Louise vibe to it.
Greg and I went to the funeral. It was closed casket. Not many people from school were there because it was Saturday and therefore not an excuse to take a day off from classes. My brother cried. So did I but girls get a pass on things like that. Another shit part was that crying at Calvin's funeral only fed the rumor mill further at school.
Let's be clear here. This was not about Greg being gay or not gay, it was about him having a chink in his social armor that could be exploited for sadistic satisfaction. When I go to hell it will be just like high school.
"Nicole Redmon is a stupid bitch," I said. She was a walking talking high school meangirl cliché. I didn't think she actually thought Greg was gay but that didn't matter shit, my brother had given her the power to take a wrecking ball to his life. I vowed revenge.
"Well yeah, but she's hot." That look in Greg's eyes when he thought about her was enough confirmation of my brother's orientation for me. "And a well known slut, so I thought I'd take the risk."
"The world is full of hot sluts Greg." Present company included, I thought. "When you go away to Billing you'll just have to flex those massive biceps and they'll come a knocking."
"But will they understand when I ask them?"
"Maybe one in a hundred," I admitted. "Out of five thousand or so on campus, that means at least fifty will be happy to shove things up your ass."
"Finding them in that big a herd would be a trick."
"Leaving aside calling a group of young women a herd for the moment there's the added benefit that you would be a new person in a town full of newbies looking to hook up, with all your high school baggage left behind. Far behind. I can't say that. Half the class is going to State."
"Nah, maybe a quarter."
I took a swig of my beer. "You get my point."
"Yeah I do." He took another swig. I decided he needed some affirmation of his manhood but was in a quandary of exactly how I, his twin sister, could help with that without it getting icky.
An idea struck me. "Do me a favor?"
"Anything Rusty Wusty." I think it was the first time he ever used that name without rancor.
Now that I think about it, it was Grandpa Clarke who first called me Rusty. It was when I was really small and 'helping' by handing him tools as he was on his back on one of those mechanic creeper things under his pickup. Dad had added the cutesy addition when he first heard his own dad call me that.
I put on my coquette face and looked him side wise. "Throw me in the pool?"
Greg drained his beer and I put mine in the cup holder on my lounge chair. Next thing I knew I was in his arms and headed pool-ward. I shrieked in faux effrontery as I went into the air and splashed down in the deep end. I came up for air just as Greg cannon-balled in, making the whole pool ripple with his impact.
I pulled off Grandpa's T-shirt and my shorts and threw them onto the grass. I swam to the steps at the shallow end and walked up and out. I was reminded of my ankle socks by their squishing on the concrete. Or at least one of them. I had no idea where I had lost the other one. Conscious of my nudity I took off my last piece of clothing. Now I was even more naked than my mother, who was lying back on a nearby lounge texting on her phone.
"I thought you said no more tan lines," I said as I approached.
She looked up at me. "Come again?"
I pointed to her collar.
"I'm not supposed to take it off without asking."
"So ask."
"It's not that simple."
"How so?"
"If he thinks I'm trivializing it I'll be punished."
"Punished how?" I asked. "Will he beat you?"
Mom chuckled. "Not likely because that would be what we call 'funishment.'"
"You like being hit?"
"Sometimes."
"So how?"
"I have no idea. Bill comes up with unique ways to make me miserable for extended periods of time. It's why your Dad couldn't handle being my Dom. He was too gentle with me and let me get away with things. I'm a brat."
"You say that like it's a good thing."
"It's a fun dynamic." She reached up and took off her collar.
"I thought you were supposed to ask?"
"I am, but I didn't." She smirked. "Now I'm going text him that I did and why."
Her thumbs flew on the touch screen for a few seconds. "There."
"Now what happens?"
"Well, since it's obvious that I'm provoking him, he'll think I'm just being a brat and not being unserious about our relationship. Bratting is more likely to get me funishment."
"That sounds... manipulative." And enlightening.
"It's not like you read about in books."
"I should hope not." Of course I'd read Fifty Shades or at least tried to, yeesh.
Greg came out of the pool naked and dripping. Of course I've seen my brother naked before but only while we were kids. Back then the thing between his legs was still his pee pee. Now it was definitely a cock: a pink uncut sausage dangling almost exactly as far as his prodigious balls. All in all a fine symmetrical package beneath his ginger bush wet and glistening from his swim.
"Feeling better Greg?" Mom called. To me she murmured "I never realized he's such an Adonis."
"You should tell him that," I said. "He could use a bit of special attention."
"Greg dear, you are turning into quite an Adonis, you know that?"
"Uh... thanks Mom." He hurried over to the cooler to get his second beer, then into the house, still dripping.
Mom frowned at that. "Boys react differently to compliments."
"Some," I said. "It makes them suspicious. Especially the ones who have been hurt."
"Yes," Mom looked sad. "But at this point I can't think of what to do about it."
"Mom, you're 'Mom.' You'll think of something."
She looked at me. "That's the loveliest thing you've ever said to me."
"Greg and I talked. Remember that chess thing when we were ten?"
"Yes..."
"Remember everything that happened? Everything?"
She eyebrows scrunched down for a maybe ten seconds then up again when she realized what I was talking about. "Oh! Yes, I think I know what you are talking about. When something like that happens best thing is not to make a big deal about it lest the child become fixated."
"Well it didn't work," I said. "Greg asked Nicole Redmon to peg him and she spread it all over the school junior year. That's what all that trouble was about."
"Oh dear."
"So I wasn't kidding about you being Mom, Mom. Please think of something."
"Well thank you for being so confident in me." Her face wasn't exactly grateful.
"Without telling him I told you?" I added. "He trusts me."
"I won't Dear," she said. "Do you mind if I discuss this with your father?"
"I guess so, if you think he can handle it. As you've made clear Dad's the Rock of Gibraltar on some things but other stuff, the kinky stuff, he's out of his bailiwick."
"I think you would be surprised what your father can handle." She gave me a smug 'I've seen some shit' look.
Mom's phone beeped. She read a text, smiled and replied.
"Was that Uncle Bill?"
"Yes it was."
"Tell him I said hi?"
More texting back and forth. After a minute she said, "he says hi back."
I shivered and got up. "I need a towel."
"Fresh stack in the cabana."
"Um... good luck on the funishment."
"Thank you Dear," she said not looking up from her phone. "And thank you for being so understanding."
"Sure thing Mom."
I went into the cabana and found the stack of towels. I toweled off and started to wrap one around me than decided against it. With the damp towel over one shoulder I went and picked up my wet things. I also picked up Greg's. I rinsed Grandpa's T-shirt in the sink by the barbecue grill to minimize the bleaching from pool. I didn't give a shit about the other things but I did need to find that sock before it ended up in the pool filter. It was over by the far end so I fished it out with the pool net. Done being responsible I retrieved my beer and went and sat with Mom for a while.
We didn't talk. Just mother and daughter sunning naked in their back yard like it was the most natural thing in the world.
And you know what?
It was.
~~~~^~~~~*~~~~^~~~~*~~~~^~~~~*~~~~^~~~~*~~~~^~~~~*~~~~^~~~~
CHAPTER 2: Sunset consultations and evening awkwardness.
All good things come to the end and the sun began sinking down beneath the wall. At about that time Dad walked up to where Mom and I were getting up to go inside.
"Hello my lovelies." He smiled at us in the horizontal rays of the quitting sun.
I thought it would be awful seeing him naked but in this light he was half golden and half shadow knight. His package looked almost identical to my brother's in size and shape but looked even more beautiful in this light. I had to fight not to stare at it.
"Hi Dad," I said.
"Your father and I need to talk about some things Dear," Mom said as if I had know idea of the agenda. "Would you take the towels to the laundry."
"Sure Mom." and off I went.
"And stow that ladder please," Dad added.
I waved acknowledgment as I walked away.
"What's up Samantha," I heard Dad say.
"Sit down Jack."
I dropped the towels in the hamper in the laundry along with mine and Greg's wet clothes. Since I was right near the garage I went out to peek at Mom's new car before I fetched the ladder and hoisted it up into it's place in the garage rafters.
At least the RAV4 was a pretty blue.
We only have a two car garage, so with Dad's Charger here also, I figured Libby was outside in the driveway. The garage doors didn't have any windows so I couldn't look out to check and, anyways, it would be the easiest route to bring in the ladder―imagine hauling eight feet of aluminum through the dining room, kitchen and laundry―so I hit the button to raise the door on Mom's side of the garage. While it slowly raised I walked forward. The driveway was empty. Neither was Libby parked out at the curb.
What was at the curb was Mrs. Havranek bending over to pick up after her pug Wagner. It was getting pretty dark now and the driveway and walk lights were all on. With the garage behind me also lit, no one would have any trouble at all seeing me as I stood there.
It was at this point I remembered I was naked.
Ours is not a long driveway. Mrs. Havranek and I were within easy conversation range but she was engrossed in her gross chore. Then Wagner barked and wagged his stub.
My neighbor straightened and looked right at me. "Casey, you're―"
"I know Mrs. H., my brother played a prank on me," I improvised. "I'm lucky it's you out walking Wagner tonight."
I bent over and slapped my knees. "Hello Wagner! Who's a good boy."
The pug got all bug eyed like they do and tried to sidle over to me straining at his leash. Mrs. Havranek looked both ways and then stepped quickly closer.
"Konrad is in the hospital again," she said. "His heart."
"Oh I'm so sorry to hear. Which hospital? Can we send flowers?" Wagner was licking my leg.
"He should be out tomorrow, they're putting in a new pacemaker," she said. "You better get back inside before someone else comes."
By this time Wagner had circled between my legs twice, trapping me in a figure eight of his leash.
"I can't, the doors are all locked, I have to go around the side of the house. I looked down and smiled. As soon as Wagner lets me go, that is."
I bent down to get his collar and keep him from making things worse. The little dog's stumpy tail went into overdrive as he hopped up and tried to lick my face. Mrs H awkwardly started trying to untangle me from her end without touching my naked skin.
"I've got Wagner," I said. "Just please let go of your end and we can just pull it all free."
"That brother of yours needs a good thrashing," she said as she did as I asked. "You know people talking about him, they say―"
"I assure you it's not true, whatever it is." Shit, some parent must have heard some of Nicole Redmond's bullshit and spread it around town. My poor brother was screwed deeper than he knew.
"Still needs a thrashing," she asserted. "If this had been Konrad, it would have killed him."
"Oh please, it's my fault as much as his." I improvised some more. "I was teasing him and he was just getting revenge."
"Still..."
"There we go!" I handed her the now untangled leash and scooted back to keep Wagner from undoing my work. "I'll tell everyone and we'll pray for Mister H's safe return tomorrow."
"Thank you Casey," Mrs. Havranek said. "I'll pray for that scamp of a brother of yours."
"Thank you Ma'am, you do that," I said. "I really need to get going now. Bye Wagner."
I ran around the side of the house nearly lacerating my belly on the waist high chain link gate. Rather than fuss with the balky latch I vaulted over it. Lettered in track and field y'know. Then I waited in the shadows until I was sure Mrs. Havranek to have moved on. Before I fetched the ladder I went and opened the balking gate, a lesson I learned taking the trash to the curb every other week since I was twelve.
I took one last look to see if it was clear before grabbing the ladder. It was awkward but surprisingly light. I dashed out onto the driveway, turned, and into the sanctuary of the garage. I got there but I realized I had to put my burden down before I could get to the button to close the doors. I started lowering the ladder trying not to hit either of my parent's car. That was when the headlights swept over me.
We live in the middle of a straight block. A car going down our street would never sweep its lights across our garage. That meant it had to be one of our neighbors pulling out of their own driveway. From the angle it was probably Mr. or Mrs. Kim.
I felt like I was about to pee myself. I hefted the ladder at an angle hoping to camouflage my naked condition even though I knew it was probably too late. I watched as Seoyun Kim drove slowly past in her silver minivan with her round face looking straight at me. I waved and smiled. She waved back.
I stood the ladder up against the back wall and finally hit the close button. Now to assess how to do this safely....
Shit. I realized I would probably have to stand on one of the cars and somehow grab the ladder and ease it up between the rafters without falling, scratching parental car paint or worse, cracking parental glass.
I did the the thing I hate most in the world: I gave up.
Mom and Dad were still talking where I left them and Greg was over by the cooler sneaking a third beer. I went over to him. "You can have my second one if they count."
"Uh... Okay," he said. He looked me up and down. "Why are you all flushed and excited like?"
And yes I realized that I was all 'flushed and excited like.' I wanted nothing more than go up to my room, shut the door and Jill off like a... like the horny teenage girl I was. Greg, on the other hand, was all cool and collected standing there in his red fuzzy skin holding a sweaty long necked Yuengling bottle. Except for his dick. That was no longer dangling vertically, it was starting to show a bit of arc.
There were two naked women in the immediate vicinity. Myself and Mom. I was not prepared for seeing my brother become aroused by either one of us. I had to do something. "Mrs. Havranek says you are a scamp and need a good trashing."
"What? Why?" He gaped at me.
"For tricking me into getting locked out front naked." I kept an eye on Greg's cock in my peripheral vision.
"That's bullshit!" His cock didn't go down, but it also didn't rise further.
"I know!" I said. "She caught me out there when I was looking for Libby. I had to tell her something."
"You went looking for Libby naked and now it's my fault?" Oh shit, Greg's little pink wanger―relatively speaking―started reasserting its right to be a bigger pink wanger.
"That's why you can have my second beer." I took another tack. "As opposed you getting caught breaking parental edict."
Greg shook his head at the logic then laughed. "Today has been the weirdest shit."
But that attempt at distraction didn't work either. If at first you don't succeed...
"Yeah, ain't it," I agreed. "And I think Libby's been stolen."
"Really?" Greg asked. "Probably not. Did you ask Mom? It's probably at the dealership where she left it when she went to pick up the Toyota."
"Maybe. Anyways I need―"
"Y'know what?" Greg interrupted me. "I'm tired Casey, I'm gonna go to bed."
My twin turned his back and walked quickly away from me, pecker bouncing at half mast. How rude! I stuck my tongue out at his fuzzy red butt.
That left Dad. I walked over to where my parents were sitting. The were still talking but, to my shock, Mom had her hand on Dad's nearly rampant cock. I looked away and said, "Daddy?"
Dad threw a towel over his middle. "Yes Rusty?"
"I tried to put the ladder back but I don't think I can without scratching one of the cars."
"Did you ask your brother for help?" Mom asked. She hadn't taken her hand off my dad's dick and worse, I could see movement under the towel.
"Mom!"
Mom looked at me in defiance. "You're eventually going to catch us being sexual, might as well get it over with."
She whipped the towel off and continued to stroke Dad's cock. I had never fantasized about my father that way but now I had the sick feeling his beautiful manhood would spring into my mind whenever I was just a bit horny like, I realized, I was right now.
"Samantha..."
"Hush Dear, I got this."
"I know you're only thinking what's best for Casey, acclimating her to our lifestyle, but did you think about me?"
"What do you mean?" Mom looked at him.
"Our daughter is a lovely nubile young woman and I'm sitting here with a growing erection. It's going to affect the way I look at her from now on."
"That's true, but what I said to her also applies to you as well." All this without a break in her rhythm. "I'm pretty sure sexual thoughts of her likely have gone through your head before judging how hard you fucked me after we heard Roger's noisy exit."
"Tea Em Eye Mom," I said.
"It's called 'radical honesty' Dear."
"But aren't you afraid this could lead to..." I hesitated, I didn't want to say it, the I-word.
"Incest?" Mom went there. "Your father is the most self controlled man on the planet. You take after him. I trust him and I trust you."
"I'm about to lose some of that control if you keep up."
"No you won't." She gave his cock a hard squeeze. "Now where were we? We were talking about Greg helping you with the ladder."
"I was going to ask him but he just walked away before I could."
"He was getting aroused Dear, and probably very embarrassed."
Something that seemed not to happen with my Mom anymore now that she had outed herself as a kinky sub slut. She was now rubbing her thumb in little circles around Dad's pee hole and his whatchamacallit―his frenulum. Dad was pretty clearing enjoying that. I couldn't help but take note of the technique for the future.
"What I think is..." Mom gave Dad another hard squeeze. "...is that you go to your brother and tell him I said to help with the ladder. Don't take no for an answer. If he complains he can't with a hard on, tell him to either jack off or come help regardless."
"Mom!" I was so abashed I stamped my foot.
"Radical honesty Dear. In about thirty seconds I'm about to go down on your father," she said. "You can either stay and watch me suck this beautiful cock or go do as I say."
I looked at my Dad for help.
"Your mother's right Rusty," he said. "Male erections are not entirely voluntary."
Mom snorted.
"And eventually you and I will be naked in close proximity and I will also become aroused."
"As opposed to the way you are right now?" I said.
"Touche!" Dad said. "Now you should scoot before the timer on your mother's hummer runs down."
It was so weird. This was the most awkward situation of my life. I'm standing naked in my backyard while my mother gave my father a handjob threatening to go down on him while we discussed the fine points of male arousal and other things. But that wasn't the weirdest part! I got this vibe off them both like they were testing me and they were liking the results!
"Time out." I made a T with my hands. "There are more issues to address."
Mom looked at me. She smiled. "Fair enough Dear."
"Mr. Havranek is in the hospital getting a new pacemaker. He should be back tomorrow. I don't know the social protocol for something like that but maybe we should do something? I did say we would pray for a good outcome."
Yes, despite everything, we were indeed a church going family. Shocking, no?
"Thank you Dear but how did you find this out?" Mom asked.
"She was walking Wagner and we talked."
Dad sat up straight. "Casey, were you indiscreet?"
"Um... yes Daddy."
"Did anyone else see you?"
"Only Seoyun Kim."
Dad made a come here motion which I interpreted as meaning to tell the whole story.
"She was pulling out her driveway and swept me with her lights as I was holding the ladder working the don't scratch the cars problem." Maybe a little engineer speak would ease Dad's ire. Maybe.
Dad shook his head. "With the door open?"
"It's easier to go around the side of the house and in that way then through the house."
"Why didn't you close the door as soon as you went in?"
"Actually you're right Dad, it was right at the time I was realizing I needed to put the ladder down to get to the controls without hazard when I got flashed."
Mom giggled. "More like you flashed her Dear. Poor Seoyun."
"Are you sure she noticed you?" Dad asked.
"We waved to each other."
Dad closed his eyes, sighed and shook his head. Mom gave him another squeeze, this one made Dad grunt.
"Another inevitability Dear. We should almost be grateful to Casey for getting us past so much so fast." She looked at me. "But we're not."
Shit fuck a duck running down the block in wet sneakers. "I'm sorry Mom, Dad."
"When Libby gets back from the shop, Greg gets the keys until the end of the month."
"So that's where she is?" I was relieved but also chastened. "What's wrong with Libby?"
Dad rattled off "New alternator―again, a front end alignment, oil change, inspection and an estimate on the body work."
"That was my second action item," I said.
"Is there a third?" Mom asked.
"Mrs. H. thinks Greg is a scamp and needs a good trashing."
"How did she come to that conclusion?" Dad asked.
"She might have come to the false impression that he pranked me into going out front naked. Also she heard the rumors about Greg, which means it's more than a school thing."
"Fuck" Mom said. "My poor boy."
"Thou shalt not bear false witness Casey."
"I know Dad, I'm sorry. I told Greg and gave him my second beer."
"That's not how it's supposed to work young lady," Mom said.
"I know but he really looked like he could use it."
Mom sighed. Dad's cock was glistening with pre-cum at this point and Mom gave it yet another squeeze. "This is called edging Dear. It makes the orgasm much more intense when it finally happens. Works for girls too."
"Uh thanks Mom."
"I'll take something over to the Havranek's tomorrow to check on Konrad―something sweet but heart healthy of course―and maybe also visit the Kim's. I'll take Casey with me. As good a girl as she is, I'm sure she'll volunteer to help a nice elderly couple with chores and such, wouldn't you think so Dear?"
"Knowing our Rusty, I'm sure you're right."
"Wasn't Chloe Kim sniffing around Greg a while back?"
"That was before Greg's trouble Mom," I said.
"Oh, right. But still maybe, just maybe."
"I think she's still under age Dear," Dad said.
"Chloe turns eighteen in two weeks," I said. "I've been invited to her party. Greg hasn't."
"Well now I guess I have two action items for the Kims," Mom said. She looked at Dad and winked. "Times up Casey, go find Greg."
With out further ado Mom bent at the waist and engulfed Dad's cock. She took it all the way, her nose coming to rest on his hip.
"Go Rusty, before your Mom starts lecturing you on how to deep throat."
Mom looked at me sideways and made as much a nodding motion as her erotic position would permit.
I fled. I got to Greg's door and pounded on it. "Greg! Mom says to help me put the ladder away."
"Privacy!"
"She says to pound your pud and get it over with, or not, but help so I don't damage a car regardless."
The door flew open. "What the fuck Case!"
Greg was indeed mostly erect. He had a sock in his hand. Behind him on his computer a video was playing. A tiny Asian woman in a thigh high boots and a long strap on was pegging a fat black guy tied to a table.
"Mom calls it 'radical honesty.'" I said. "We should confront issues as they are, no sugar coating."
Greg just gaped at me.
"I can give you five minutes." I looked at my wrist as if I were wearing a watch. "Then we're doing the ladder regardless."
"Won't take that long." He turned away and sat back at his desk. He rewound the video a bit and started stroking.
"Want privacy?"
"Doesn't matter now." Greg sat and began to stroke. I was going cross-eyed trying to watch him and the video at the same time.
I leaned against the doorjamb. "What's the sock for?"
"To catch the cum, saves cleanup." Stroke.
"Eww." Stroke.
"'Radical honesty.'" Stroke.
"Touche" Stroke.
All this time the video played. The dominatrix kept feeding the big white dildo into the big black guy's ass. A second woman, a large blonde wearing a dog collar and a rabbit face mask, came into the frame and began milking the victim's big black cock.
"You think all black guys are that big?" I asked. Greg's dick was as rigid as a maypole now. How much was the video and how much was the situation in real life, I didn't know. I knew I was aroused. But of course I was the cool sister and couldn't show it.
It was like Greg's brain and mouth were in a totally different body from his hands and his dick. "Most are regular size tending toward above average but some are really big. Porn selects for the big ones."
"Logical." I said. "Do you think that thing they say about 'once you go black' is true?"
"Evidence is against it," Greg said. "I don't know about in real life but I look at the video collections of some porn stars I think are hot to see more of them and they don't seem to be exclusive. Well most of them. There are a few others who seem to specialize in it."
"That could just be business is business." I said. "So you like watching women with black guys?"
"Uh... I like all kinds of sick stuff. It's not about the guys even if they're... you know..." He gestured at the screen where the big black man was squirming in his bonds, getting ready to cum. Greg's voice was a bit higher in pitch now and his breathing was speeding up. So was his hand. "It's about her... about the reality of her existence... that she's doing that... even if it's just for the money... she's still doing it."
Greg slipped the sock over his cock and held up his hand palm towards me. His other hand started frantically pumping. In a few seconds my brother froze. His head went back with his eyes closed and his mouth open.
I waited. I know I was turned the fuck on by all this family time but I also knew I could handle it. I could just wait until I was alone and nobody would know..
Presently Greg stood up, cleaned himself with the sock and tossed it in the general direction of the hamper by the door. My brother, the aspiring porn addict, is not going to Billing on a basketball scholarship. The sock landed at my feet. Cool sister picked it up with two fingers and put it in the hamper. "Lets go."
We went down to the garage. Greg assessed the situation. "I think you should get up on Dad's hood, it's flatter than Mom's. I'll hand you the ladder and keep control of my end until it's clearly going to tip the right way. Plan?"
I looked at the gleaming slate gray metal, figuring the best placement for my feet. "Plan."
Greg grabbed me by the hips and lifted me up onto the car like I weighed as much as a beach ball.
"How'd you get it down anyways?" my naked twin asked as he walked over to get the ladder.
"Hooked it with a hoe from the garden shed when Mom's spot was clear."
"Clever." He turned to me with the ladder.
"Greg, don't be surprised if you get an invite to Chloe's party." I got my hands on my end of the ladder and started lifting it up.
"You think so?" His face visibly brightened. "She's been standoffish since... you know." He was pushing slowly forward.
"I know, but Mom's on your case." I was suddenly mindful of the Freudian symbology of what we were doing. My inner thighs were slick with my arousal. I hoped I wasn't dripping on Daddy's car.
"How did that happen?" Greg lifted his end so the high end didn't hit the roof. He kept pushing forward. "I think it's about to tip."
"I've got it." I grabbed a wrung near his end. "We're going over to see Mrs. Kim on another matter tomorrow. Dad doubted Chloe was eighteen and I told them about the party."
Greg let go his end and the ladder did tip, but I controlled it and pushed it home. I grinned down at my brother "Voila!"
Greg lifted me down. Then he fetched a rag and started wiping the hood of Dad's car. Besides my sweaty footprints there was indeed a tiny puddle of girl juice.
"Rusty," my brother had said, lifting my heart. "You should go up and give yourself some private time, you smell like a cathouse on payday."
"You're right," I said. "It's a hot night and it's still only June, the cicadas are already screaming with lust, just like my pussy."
Radical honesty indeed.