Strip-Off: Origins!
Part 6
"Welcome to the last Strip-Off challenge for this season! I'm your host, Arrow Ace, and we're coming to you live from Bikini Beach! Although, most of our contestants aren't wearing even that much."
Arrow, standing on the beach and facing a camera with the sunset behind them, was bowing and waving towards the audience, who were all sitting in a sort of bleacher-like structure attached to a golf cart. To Arrow's left were the five contestants, all of them standing behind a ribbon strung between two poles, marked "Starting Line."
Shelley, who was convulsing with pleasure from the sex toys stuffed up her ass and pussy, moaned aloud while squirming about. "Mmm... ahh... I'm outside in such a shameful state... I'm an exhibitionist pig... my nipples feel so good..."
Arrow shrugged. "No wonder, after wearing nipple clamps and two audience-controlled sex toys for a week. You'll have to endure a bit longer before the game begins. And I'm sure," Arrow said winking, "that those toys will make the game more... enjoyable for you."
Niko seemed confident, arms across her naked chest. "This looks like a race! Finally, something I can win."
Arrow swept their arm out over the length of the beach stretching off to their left. "That's right- the final challenge of this game of ours is... the Racy Race! The goal is to get to the finish line as soon as possible! It's a simple game- there are challenges along the way that you must complete before moving on and continuing to run down the beach. Penalties are the same as before. Oh, and, you'll still have to wear whatever is left of your suits until the award ceremony, where we'll explain how the cash prizes work. Capiche?"
The contestants all nodded. It was a simple enough game.
Arrow smiled. "Good. There are cameras, microphones, and loudspeakers across this beach, so that all the contestants can hear me and (more importantly) can be seen humiliating themselves at all times. Now, normally, one would fire a pistol filled with blanks to start the race. But here at Strip-Off, we have a much more theme-appropriate way of doing so!"
The audience laughed as they saw the novelty dildo that Arrow pulled out of their pocket. Amy blushed a bit, imagining how nice it would be to have it in her...
"On your mark. Get set. GO!"
The dildo shot out white liquid straight up into the air, accompanied with a very loud audio clip of a female moan. Arrow nimbly sidestepped the fluid as it came back down, landing in the sand and on the contestants. They all immediately started running.
Amy and Niko, fluid-covered breasts exposed and arms pumping, were out in front, with Felicia lagging behind them. Lilith, who was not accustomed to running, was far slower than them- but she was still a bit ahead of Shelley, whose massive breasts swayed and bounced with every step, her two vibrators rubbing into her body more and more as she moved her legs. The weights swung and pulled on her nipples as she ran, causing her to gasp and moan erotically. She seemed to be incredibly embarrassed, but also hot and horny.
Amy and Niko reached the first challenge and stopped, covering their breasts in shame. Before them lay some jump ropes on a table. "Jump over a jump rope 100 times before proceeding."
Amy immediately picked up a jump rope and started jumping, but she quickly realized that this jump rope would cause her filled-out breasts to bob up and down even more than before. Embarrassed, her face turned red, and she resolved to finish as quickly as possible. She started going faster, until she was jumping over the rope at a frantic pace. Niko mirrored her pace, not wanting to lose. The audience cheered, looking at Niko and Amy's sweat-covered, undulating flesh greedily as they labored to regain their dignity.
Felicia and Lilith arrived soon after. Felicia started jumping the rope, but she was fairly average, getting tangled up every few jumps. Lilith, after looking at the instructions and pausing, grabbed a jump rope and put it on the floor, hopping back and forth across it very quickly.
Arrow, who was following along in their own golf cart, commented: "Well, as boring as that is, she DID follow the instructions."
Shelley arrived just as Amy and Niko finished, and they both sprinted off, hands over breasts, towards the next challenge. Lilith followed shortly after- since she still had her top, she was able to pump her arms and keep up with the athletes.
Felicia was finishing her last jumps when she looked up at Shelley, who was rubbing her crotch with the jump rope and disregarding the game. "Ahh, ahh... I can't think straight...! I wanna cum...!" She yelped as she had a massive orgasm in the middle of the beach. The audience, whose bleachers were being dragged along by their golf cart, cheered as this happened.
Felicia left as Shelley began to jump her rope, which made her moan even more due to her body movement further intensifying the sensations of her nipple clamps and vibrators...
Further ahead, the three leaders, Amy, Niko, and Lilith, arrived at the second challenge- three small shot glasses, sitting on a desk. There was a note that said, "fill a cup completely with your bodily fluids before proceeding." Amy immediately picked up a cup, set it beneath herself, squatted down, and began to masturbate, staring at Niko's breasts and moaning as she did so.
Niko rolled her eyes, and began to masturbate into her cup as well.
Lilith just stood still, eying her cup.
Arrow scratched their head. "I wonder what she's planning this time?"
The audience watched as the contestant's juices slowly dripped into their containers. Felicia arrived, and upon seeing what was going on, began masturbating in front of the audience. She came, and due to her being a squirter, her cup was almost as full as Amy and Niko's in short order- three quarters full.
Suddenly, Lilith walked up to each person, put her finger in her mouth, and then proceeded to dip her wet finger in their glass, crouching every time to reach. The contestants were confused, but too busy masturbating to do anything.
Niko, Amy, and Felicia finished topping off their glasses with love juice, squeezing as much as they could from their suit bottoms. Amy ran off, but Niko turned to Lilith suspiciously. "What was that for?"
Felicia and Niko watched as Lilith spat up all the saliva that she had been accumulating in her mouth into her glass, filling it completely. She grinned. "Read the instructions next time."
Arrow announced, "Amy gets a penalty for proceeding before finishing her task!"
Amy screamed as her panties fell off of her body, and she ran back towards the challenge, confused and embarrassed, hands over her crotch.
Lilith turned and ran. Niko read the instructions again: "Fill a cup completely with your bodily fluids... Ah! That BITCH! Why didn't I think of that!?"
Niko realized what Lilith had already known- saliva was a bodily fluid, and she was able to accumulate it much faster than they could leak their fluids from their pussies. Even worse, she had diluted their cups with a bit of her saliva when she dipped her saliva-covered finger in it, meaning that Niko's cup wasn't COMPLETELY filled with her own fluid- it contained some of Lilith's, as well.
Niko explained this to everyone, and Amy sighed. "I guess we'll have to start over..."
As the threesome emptied their glasses and started over, Shelley arrived at the challenge moaning like a slut, her legs dripping. "Hah... hah... mmm... my nipples are so sore... I can't feel my legs... my pussy feels sooooo good..."
She suddenly turned red. "I... I gotta pee..."
She picked up the last empty glass and peed in it for all the audience to see.
All three of the other contestants turned red in shock at what she had just done. Shelley continued her erotic jog, bouncing and moaning and cumming all the way.
Amy blushed. "I... don't think I want to do that..."
Niko sighed, lowering herself and peeing into her cup using the discreet zipper that was provided on their suits. The other two followed suit, not wanting to be left behind.
Lilith arrived at the next challenge: a glory hole with five dicks sticking out. "Make a dick cum before proceeding." She proceeded to give one a blowjob- manly moans could be heard from behind the concealing screen. She stopped as she felt him cum, backing up but still getting his seed on her face. She wiped it off with her hands. The dick was now limp. Looking at the other erect cocks, she had an idea...
A bit later, the others arrived at the glory hole. There were five limp dicks hanging there, each one having cum earlier.
Niko groaned. "That bitch is playing dirty. She made all of the dicks cum just to slow us all down..."
As the four desperately sucked off the limp cocks, begging the men to cum from behind the screen, Arrow announced that they would display Lilith's status on the screen and follow the other four contestants on the golf garts, since the two groups were so far apart.
Lilith made it to the next challenge: a riddle. There was a projector set up with a screen. On the screen was a strange math problem. There were two women eating each other out, a plus sign, two men having anal sex doggy style, and an equal sign, with a question mark at the end. The challenge was, "say the answer to whatever problem is on screen."
Lilith thought for a few moments, then realized that the problem actually read as "69 + 71 =?", since both sex positions had names that were also numbers. She said "140" into the microphone, then had an idea. She buried the projector in the sand, and wrote her own problem on the screen, involving calculus- she knew that most people didn't know too much about integrating secant function, after all. Arrow continued to praise Lilith's ingenuity. "Naughty little minx! Nice job sabotaging the other contestants- I never thought about those sorts of loopholes! Although, your practical solutions aren't very erotic, are they?"
Lilith was feeling very good- she wasn't doing anything even remotely sexual, and she was winning the race! "Smart is the new sexy!" she yelled, reaching the next challenge. The other contestants were still trying to get the already-spent cocks to cum once more, and they were almost done.
The next challenge was the last one, with the finish line just on the other side of it. There were two metal poles in the sand, one near Lilith and one at the finish line, with a tight, knotted rope tied between them. There were four similar arrangements next to it, presumable for the other contestants. The instructions read: "Walk with your hands on your head to the finish line, with this crotch rope between your pussy lips at all times. If you cum while walking forwards, you must walk backwards to the start and start over."
Lilith realized that she had to just finish this last challenge, and she would inevitably have the most clothing left of everyone on the show. She knew from the contract that more clothing meant more prize money, though it didn't state exactly how prizes were distributed. She also knew from reading the amounts promised to the first-place winner that winning would more than pay off her student debt...
Lilith took a deep breath. She couldn't find a way to skirt the challenge's rules, so she lifted one leg over the rope and wedged it into her pussy. She gasped a bit as it went in, but the fabric of her suit made it a bit less uncomfortable. At least it wouldn't rub her bare skin.
Lilith moaned a bit as she walked on tiptoe, trying to make sure that the ingeniously-placed elastic rope didn't dig in too deep. She gasped every time a knot went through her achingly wet pussy. She got more and more horny as she went, but she was determined not to cum- her morale and self control was high, knowing that this would all soon be over.
Finally, she reached the end. Arrow declared aloud: "Lilith is the winner! She's made it through the games without showing a single one of her lady parts!" The crowd booed AND cheered simultaneously at this statement, but Lilith paid them no mind- she was just glad that she won.
Lilith took to watching a screen beyond the finish line, showing what the other contestants were doing. She had to admit, she did enjoy Felicia racking her brain to solve her calculus problem, she enjoyed watching Amy and Niko suck limp dicks, and she ESPECIALLY reveled in the slutty Shelley as she ran and moaned across the beach, wearing nothing but sex toys meant to torment her as she ran.
Soon enough, everyone had reached and passed through the crotch ropes, ending the game. Shelley ended up being last, since she kept cumming on her rope and having to back up to the beginning of the challenge. She eventually made it across, screaming "I'm gonna cum!" as soon as she got off the rope, making the sand below her very wet.
Arrow waved his hand at the golf cart towing the audience. "And with that, we've finished our set of challenges! Now, for the final set of punishments!"
With a click of the remote, Niko's pantiesfell off. She covered herself, glaring a bit at the audience, her cheeks visibly red, but her mouth silent.
Arrow then turned to Felicia, Amy, and Shelley. "Now, you three have no clothing left to lose, so you all pick a sex toy! And Shelley, you pick two!"
On the table, an assortment of different sexy items were spread out.
Amy blushed. "I... I have to choose one of these to wear for a week...?"
Amy tentatively picked up some anal beads. She looked at them, and blushed even more when she realized that the beads were hollow, with smaller ball bearings on the inside. These ball bearings would bounce around and impact the walls of the beads when she moved around, causing heightened stimulation. She hesitated, then put the beads in one by one, gasping a bit each time one went in her anus. Soon, they were all in, and Amy covered herself back up with her hands, carefully trying not to move around too much.
Felicia, meanwhile, went for the long-lasting, stimulating body lotion. She squirted some out, wincing as it hit her hands. It was a strange sensation. As she rubbed her body with it, she began to moan in pleasure- her body felt hot and cold at the same time, and glistened with a sexy sheen. Her nipples perked up, becoming even more sensitive to the movements of her hands on her delicate mounds. Soon, she was done- and she was squirming about madly, red-hot and embarrassed at her own nudity, yet too horny to use her hands for anything but rubbing her body in a futile effort to quell the aching desire of her skin.
Finally, Shelley picked out a special set of locking rings, meant to restrain her arms behind her head, sort of like a collar attached to some handcuffs. Before she put them on, though, she remembered that she had to pick out another item to use as well, and she chose a gag. She gagged herself, and then restrained her hands behind her head. She looked incredibly slutty- a blond, curvy woman with large breasts, two vibrators in her lower holes, weighted nipple clamps, a gag in her mouth, and hands behind her head. She moaned in pleasure at showing herself off to the audience- she relished the thought that she wouldn't be able to do anything if someone wanted to have their way with her.
Niko laughed. "Finally. A gag to shut this bitch up! I'm tired of hearing her scream and moan all day!"
The three contestants under the effects of Arrow's "special punishments" were too busy trying to control their sexual desire to be jealous of Amy and Niko.
Arrow then shouted out: "Alright, folks, that's it for today's episode! The only exit to this beach is back where you started, by the way, and it just reopened to the public, so a bunch of people are going to come in. Hope you don't mind being naked and horny in front of a bunch of outgoing men and women! See ya later!"
Lilith left the scene whistling- her two pieces of suit served fine as a bikini, and she wasn't out of place at all. Niko ran after her, trying to hide herself a bit by sticking with her and intimidating passersby with her glare. As for the others, well... they had a long, orgasm-filled walk back home.