This story includes descriptions of master/slave play, bondage and spanking. That being said, the participants are rank beginners and true BDSM fans will probably find their play to be laughable.
Part 11: Erotic Couplings
Chapter 26: Erotic Couplings - Weekend With Clarice - Clarice's Day as a Slave
As we walked back to the house after our wild night with Suzanne, Kate, Allison and Tim, Clarice said, "Another woman for you to fall in love with."
"Besides you?"
"And Teri."
We walked along silently until Clarice said, "We all see it. Mark told Patty about finding you two cuddled together watching a movie, and he and Drew see how much time you two spend talking when you're there. Mark and Patty think it's sweet."
"Teri's easy to love. So positive, energetic, caring. She has a different outlook on life that I really like. I get things from her that I don't get from you, and sometimes I feel guilty about it."
"You aren't fooling yourself into thinking you could have a future with her, are you?"
Without any hesitation I said, "No. I see a future with you. I can see us getting married, pursuing our careers together, having a family, growing old together. I know I'd miss out on all of that with Teri. But I would like to have her as part of my life for the love and friendship we have."
"I can understand that. It's kind of how I feel about Patty. She pushes me in directions I wouldn't go on my own, and it usually turns out to be good. She makes me laugh, and she can calm me down when I'm upset."
I said, "So you know what I mean. You're first in my life, but I want people like Teri and Mark and Suzanne who I can connect with emotionally in my life too. If they're just friends, that's great. If they can be lovers too, that's a bonus. I expect that you'll have people like that in your life too."
"You should tell Teri."
I paused for a moment before saying, "I will."
"Suzanne and Tim would like to see more of us. We were talking last night, and they admitted that they'd never thought seriously about swapping or swinging before, but they've both had fantasies. They said we made them feel comfortable and they'd like to explore some more with us."
"How do you feel about Tim?"
"We talked after Suzanne fell asleep. I like him. He's like you in that he is good at reading people, but he does it by watching and listening instead of asking questions. He pretty much nailed your personality. He predicted we'd have a great life together."
We continued in silence, walking arm in arm, until we arrived on the doorstep at Keith's house. I took out the key and unlocked the door. As I opened it, Clarice started to step inside, expecting me to hold the door for her as I usually do. Instead, I stepped in front of her and said, "Undress, then you may come inside slave."
Clarice's jaw dropped as I closed the door in front of her. I stepped back into the shadows and watched her through the small sidelight. After a few moments of hesitation, she looked up and down the street, set down her purse, and slipped off her shoes. She turned to face the street as she took off her pants and socks, then she looked over her shoulder to check her reflection in the storm door window. I guessed she was making sure her coat covered her butt.
She glanced up and down again while she slipped off her panties. Turning her back to the street, she unbuttoned her coat. She grabbed her right sleeve with her left hand, and I saw her right hand disappear. Then I could see her arm under her top, twisting behind her back. I guessed she was unhooking her bra.
Her right hand appeared below her shirt, and in a flash she had shrugged off her coat, whipped her shirt and bra off, collected her clothes off the step and was trying the door.
When she realized I had locked the door, she started to panic, but I could see the immediate realization that yelling and pounding on the door would only attract more attention. I stepped further back into the house and waited. After a second, the doorbell rang. I paused to remove my coat and hang it up, then I went and opened the inner door.
Clarice looked like she was going to snap at me, but then she composed herself and said, "May I come inside, Master?"
I held the door open for her as I said, "Yes, slave, you may."
When she was inside I said, "I'd like a bath now."
She said, Yes Master," as she carried her clothes up the stairs.
When I heard the water start in the tub, I went to the bedroom and dug around in one of the toy drawers until I found what I was looking for. Then I laid on the bed until I heard the water stop and Clarice came to say, "Your bath is ready, Master."
As I stood, I handed her the nipple clamps I had found and said, "Thank you. Put these on, then you may undress me."
As I handed the clamps to Clarice they jingled, causing her to look closely at them. As soon as she took them from me I could see she was a little intimidated by how heavily weighted the clamps were. Clarice had tried on a heavy pair like them at Angels and Devils and told me she wanted a set, so I wasn't worried that they'd be too uncomfortable. She thought it would be fun to have them swinging from her tits as we fucked doggie style.
These clamps were different in that they also had jingle bells hanging from them, so they would ring every time she moved.
Clarice pinched and pulled her nipples to get them hard, then attached the clamps. They had to be pretty tight in order to support the weight, so I could see she was a little uncomfortable, but I also saw a flush creep up her chest and face.
"May I undress you, Master?"
"Yes slave, please do."
Clarice undressed me fairly quickly, but she did rub her hands over my chest and legs the way she knows I like, and her tits brushed against my chest and arms. When I was naked, I climbed into the tub and said, "Please get me a glass of juice."
As Clarice walked out of the bathroom I said, "Make it quick, slave."
I heard the bells jingle as she bounced down the stairs. At about the third step I heard a hiss and she said, "Ahh, oh," like she was walking barefoot across hot asphalt. She came back with the juice a minute later, but I didn't hear any jingling until just before she stepped into the bathroom.
"Why didn't I hear your bells?"
"Umh... uh...."
"Get me some grapes, and I'd better hear bells."
"Yes, Master."
As she ran down the stairs, I heard the bells ringing, and each step was punctuated with an "Ah" or an "Oh."
I drank down the juice quickly. When she returned with the grapes, I sent her for a refill.
After that, I soaked for a while as she watched me. I was trying to think of something else it would be fun to see her do. Then it hit me.
"Slave, tell me about your love making with Tim and Suzanne last night."
She started telling me about laying on top of Suzanne and kissing her while Tim was fucking both of them in turn. As she went on with the story, I could tell she was getting turned on by the memories. I said, "Slave, stand over me and play with your pussy while you finish your story. I want you to squirt on my face."
Clarice climbed into the tub and stood with her feet on either side of my hips. She easily slid two fingers into her cunt, and I could see her reaching for her g-spot. As she finger-fucked herself, her face was a mask of concentration, with her brow furrowed and her eyes in a narrow squint. She was having a hard time continuing the story. Then the motion of her fingers in her cunt changed.
She stopped talking and began fingering herself with real purpose. Very soon, I heard her breathing change. I could see sweat breaking out on her body as she took long, deep breaths and let them out with a grunt. Moments later, she closed her eyes and tilted her head back as she said, "As you requested, Master."
She pulled her hand out of her pussy and rubbed her clit hard as a gush of clear fluid shot out and covered my face. She fingerfucked herself for a few more seconds, and as she pulled her hand away I leaned forward and opened my mouth to catch the next blast. She squirted into my mouth two more times before her legs threatened to give out.
I caught her and pressed my mouth to her pussy, hungrily lapping up the juices clinging there. I sucked her clit for a second, causing tremors through her body. As she reached out to steady herself against the wall, I pulled her down into the warm water, sliding down until we were submerged up to our necks. As she sank into the water, I removed the nipple clamps and pulled her to me so we were chest to chest.
We stayed like that as she finished her story. By then the water had started to grow cool, so I said, "I think it's time for my shower, slave."
"Yes, Master."
Clarice climbed out and dried herself quickly, then helped me out and wrapped me in a towel while she drained the tub and got the shower ready. When she had the temperature adjusted, she pulled the curtain and turned on the spray before turning to me and saying, "Your shower is ready, Master."
I climbed in and stood as she soaped me, rinsed me and washed my hair, forcing her to stand outside the spray the whole time. I turned off the water while she shaved my cock and balls, then I had a final rinse. Then Clarice toweled me off.
Once I was dry, I made Clarice shave my face as I sat on the toilet seat. That actually seemed like the most intimate service I'd demanded of her. The feel of her hands on my face, and the warmth of her body as she moved around me had my heart racing.
As she finished, I asked her to check for spots she missed and I held my cheek near her lips. She slowly kissed every square inch of my cheeks, lips and neck before she said, "Your face is perfect, Master."
I kissed her on the lips and said, "A job well done slave. Now, please clean your ass and then come to me in the bedroom. Bring a basin of warm water and a washcloth when you come.
As I waited for her to come, I turned on the TV and found an anal sex video on one of the adult channels. When Clarice came in I said, "Let me see if you've cleaned yourself properly."
She immediately presented her ass to me with her cheeks spread wide. I ran my nose from her cunt up through the crack of her ass, inhaling her scent as I went. Then I plunged my tongue into her hole. Clarice let out a whimper of pleasure that had my cock instantly hard. I licked and probed her hole until she was gasping and shuddering.
I pulled my tongue out of her ass and sat back saying, "I want you to make me cum, but I can't decide which hole I want to fill. Since I don't have a preference, I am going to use all of them."
I had seen a Friends With Benefits game in the video cupboard earlier. While Clarice had been cleaning her ass, I had retrieved the electronic timer, and set it to beep every minute.
"You are going to fuck me with each of your holes for one minute at a time. You can choose the order, but it has to stay the same once you choose. You will have one minute after every ass fucking to clean my cock and add more lube to your ass."
"By the way. It's almost three o'clock now. If you want to make it to your four o'clock study group, you'd better hurry."
Clarice looked at the clock in alarm as I laid down on the bed, hit the timer and said, "Go."
Clarice quickly slid her pussy onto my cock and began riding me at a moderately fast pace. As she did, I could feel her squeezing her kegel muscles, sending shivers through my cock right away.
When the timer beeped, she slid off my cock and sucked it into her mouth. I could see her cheeks sucked in tight and feel her tongue dancing over my veins and circling my corona. My balls were definitely tightening already.
The timer beeped again, and Clarice slid up to take my cock in her ass. As I had expected, it took a bit for her to line me up and work my whole length into her hot, tight hole. By the time I felt my balls hit her ass, she only had twenty seconds left to fuck me. That delay slowed my rush to orgasm, as did the interval while she cleaned me and lubed herself.
She finished cleaning me with time to spare, so she started fucking me right away. I tried to decide if I was going to call that a violation of the rules, but when she started massaging me with her cunt muscles again I figured I'd let it pass.
The second time she slid her ass onto my cock, she took my whole length in no time. Squatting over me, she slammed her ass onto my cock over and over, bringing me very close to the edge.
During the next round, Clarice had an orgasm while my cock was in her pussy. The spasms rippling through her cunt started similar spasms in my cock just as the timer beeped. She kept me on the brink of cumming as she sucked my cock.
I suspect she may have been trying to set me up to cum in her ass. I almost came as she settled her ass onto my cock, but I managed to hold out until just before the timer sounded. By then I was breathing hard and moaning. Just as the timer beeped, I felt my balls clench and then launch a ball of hot cum into her ass. I had a death grip on her thighs as I violently shoved my cock into her ass.
As my cock went soft and slipped from her ass, I sat up and kissed her saying, "Well done slave. Time for your shower."
A look of dread passed over her face as I went to the bathroom. When she walked in, I had warm water running. I told her to shave her pussy first. When that was done, I readjusted the water to the same temperature she had allowed me the day before and stepped aside so she could get in.
As I left the bathroom, I set a put a hand towel on the hook and said, "Your towel is by the shower."
While she showered, I picked out an outfit for her. I set out a pair of lacy bikini panties, a zip up hoody, a pair of pink light blue yoga pants, the slave collar she'd made me wear, and a set of nipple clamps that wouldn't be too conspicuous under the hoody.
Then I retrieved a toy from the vibrator drawer. I put that and a feminine napkin that I found in the bathroom where I could grab them quickly.
I waited for a couple of minutes after hearing the water stop before I went into the bathroom. As I had suspected, Clarice was furtively drying her hair with one of the large bath towels.
"Is that the towel I left for you, slave?"
"No, Master." She didn't look terribly remorseful.
"You may use it to finish drying with. And wear your hair down."
Clarice has beautiful, long, thick hair, that reaches past her shoulder blades, but she says it gets in the way. At school she always has it pulled back or up in a braid. Normally, I only seen it down between the time she gets ready for bed and when she puts it up first thing in the morning. Otherwise I'd only seen it down when she dressed up for a few special occasions.
When she came out of the bathroom, she looked like a goddess. She was turned slightly away from me, with her chin raised slightly and turned towards me. Her hair was a thick, reddish mane framing her angelic face. She normally doesn't wear any makeup, but I could see some subtle touches that definitely gave her a mature, alluring look, different from her usual look of schoolgirl innocence.
Her arms were hanging relaxed at her side, and her shoulders were back, making an amazing display of her breasts. She stood in what looked like a ballet pose with her feet turned out, the heel of one foot touching the arch of the other, showing the taut muscles in her legs.
With her gorgeous face, proud breasts, and full hips, she looked like a model for a painting that could hang in the Louvre. I wanted to take her to bed so I could pamper her and make love to her for the rest of the day, but I knew her meeting was important.
I said, "Oh... wow," as I stared at her. Then I remembered my phone was laying on the bed next to me. I picked it up and said, "Don't move."
I took several pictures from different angles, including some shots of just her face. Then I remembered what I had planned to do.
"Kneel here," I said, indicating a spot next to the bed.
As she moved to the spot I indicated, I said, "You disobeyed me. You will be punished. Put your hands behind your back and keep them there."
I lifted the crop that she'd used on me the day before and said, "Count to six."
I could see her eyes shining and her face became flushed just before I brought the crop down on her tit with a "crack."
She said, "One," sounding almost eager.
In a fairly rapid cadence I delivered two, three, and four. She jumped when number five landed on her pussy, but I noticed she actually thrust her hips forward as I aimed the final blow at the same spot. By the time the last one landed, Clarice's nipples were standing out hard and proud. Her eyes were glazed and she was taking long, deep breaths. I could smell her pussy from where I was standing.
"Get dressed. I laid out your clothes."
Clarice dressed quickly, then asked, "May I leave, Master?"
"In a minute," I said as I produced the vibrator.
"Do you know what this is?"
The toy I was holding was bright pink. I was holding a large, featureless, egg-shaped bulb that I could barely get my fingers around. There was a cord dangling from it, and at the end of the cord there was another bulb. That one was long and slim, and looked like a four inch long, three quarter inch thick piece of bubble gum. A pink disc was resting in my other palm.
"Yes Master. It's a remote-control vibrator."
"Good, slave. Do you know how to use it?"
Clarice looked confused, so I showed her how to activate it, and how you could control it with the remote once it was activated. "You'll know it's activated by this light slowly flashing on the remote."
"When you get to the library, you will activate the toy and insert it into your cunt and ass. As you lay out your things for your study group, you must put the remote on the table where the group can see it."
"If anyone asks what it is, you must tell them and then allow them to take charge of the remote for ten minutes. You will unzip your jacket while they play. After you've had ten minutes of stimulation, you may remove the toy."
"Master, that will make a big wet spot in these pants."
"Yes, it probably will."
I handed her the feminine napkin and said, "You may ask the group if they'll let you wear that while they play. If they say no, their decision is final."
"You may leave now. Call me when you finish with your study group."
Clarice left and I busied myself with my own homework and a bit of TV while I waited for her call. I knew they had reserved a room from four to five-thirty so they could critique each other's papers face to face. At 5:35 my phone rang.
"Master, my study group is done."
"Did they ask about your toy?"
"Yes Master."
"Are your pants wet?"
"No Master."
"Is the vibrator still in your cunt and ass?"
"No Master."
"Have you disposed of the feminine napkin?"
"No Master, I didn't use it."
"It sounds like this story's going to be more interesting than I was hoping for. You won't be needing it for anything else, so you can get rid of it or leave it in your purse."
I said, "Now you have five minutes to find a study carrel and call me on your laptop for a video chat. I recommend you find one in a more secluded part of the library," then I hung up and opened the video chat on my laptop.
I was sitting naked in the family room with a blanket over me. I slid the blanket down and started playing with my cock, making sure it was visible on the video.
I knew it would be hard to find a secluded study carrel. Everyone knows where they are, and they usually fill up fast. I was surprised to see a view of a fairly private part of the fifth floor when Clarice called me right at the five-minute mark.
"You told me to call, Master."
"Yes. Now I want you to completely unzip your jacket."
Clarice looked around quickly, then pulled the zipper down, but left it draped over her tits.
"Show your tits, slave."
Clarice flashed her tits for the camera, then let the jacket fall over them.
I put some anger in my voice as I said, "Slave, your tits are mine. Show them to me and keep them where I can see them until I tell you that you may cover them."
Clarice turned bright red as she slid the jacket open and arranged it so that it would stay that way with her nipples and most of her tits showing.
"That's better slave. Now I want you to play with your pussy. You can cover your tits and come home when you've cum three times."
Clarice looked like she was about to draw the line, but then she looked around and put her hand into her pants. She was biting her lip and constantly glancing furtively around, but I could tell by her red nipples that she was excited.
As I started seeing signs of an impending orgasm, Clarice suddenly stopped and turned slightly to her right. A few seconds later I saw a guy pass behind her. She waited until he had presumably gone out of sight before she resumed jilling off.
Just as she showed me the orgasm face that I live to see, I saw two people come into the frame over her shoulder. From what I could see, it looked like they were a guy and a girl. Then I heard a girl's voice say in a loud whisper, "Holy shit! She's fingering herself! Hey, stop looking at her tits."
That was followed by the other person rocking to one side like the girl had smacked him.
A male voice said, "What are you doing? What if you get caught? Jeez! It looks like you wet your pants."
Clarice looked at the camera and said, "Master, what do you want me to do?"
"Answer their questions."
Clarice explained that she was my slave and told them what their task was.
The girl said, "If you get caught, you could be in big trouble. We can help, if you don't mind us watching."
The guy said, "You like watching girls jill off?"
She said, "For all you know, this will be the first time I've seen it."
Then, to Clarice, "You can slide into that corner and we can pull up some chairs. We'll give you some cover, and you're less likely to draw attention if you're in a group."
I said, "Sounds like a plan. The lovely lady is Clarice. I'm Ian."
"I'm Samantha. You can call me Sam. This is Kyle."
"Clarice should repay you for this favor. What would you like?"
Kyle started to say something that sounded like "threesome," but Sam cut him off.
She asked, "What would you offer?"
I said, "Let Kyle sit between you two. Give him a hand job while he watches. He can cum on Clarice's tits. Is that sufficient payment Kyle?"
Sam cut him off again and said, "That will be great."
"Clarice can play with your pussy for you."
"I'm a little scared of getting caught."
"She can do it in the Women's room when she's done with her task."
Kyle didn't like that idea. He suggested a slight variation, "There's one of those family restrooms by the elevators. We could go in there."
Everyone agreed to that, so they arranged their chairs and Kyle pulled out his cock.
I could tell that Sam had given Kyle a lot of hand jobs. He looked like he was in heaven from almost the first stroke. In a very short time, he was having trouble keeping his composure, so Sam had to stop and let him calm down. As Clarice had her second orgasm, Sam had Kyle just at the point of shooting off, but she stopped. She completely changed her technique, leaving Kyle squirming and breathing hard, but unsatisfied.
As Clarice brought herself to her third orgasm, Sam looked around to make sure no one was looking. Just before Clarice came, she fisted Kyle so fast that her hand was a blur and said, "Now."
Kyle stood up while Sam aimed his cock at the top of Clarice's left tit. Kyle's cock jumped just then and spit a huge splat of cum onto Clarice's chest. Sam was moving his cock to aim at Clarice's right tit when it spit again, blasting Clarice in the throat and chin.
When Clarice felt the cum hit her chin, she let out a muffled groan and went completely rigid. She shook and shivered as Kyle and Sam painted her tits with several more blasts.
Clarice and Kyle came out of their orgasmic stupor at the same time. The three of them looked at one another and said, "Wow," almost simultaneously.
Sam let go of Kyle's cock and reached over to zip up Clarice's jacket. In the process, she smeared the cum over the tops of Clarice's tits and her nipples. When the jacket was zipped, Clarice was still showing a generous amount of cum covered cleavage. She glanced down and left it that way.
Sam licked her fingers clean, then she leaned over and licked the cum off Clarice's chin and neck before saying with a smile, "My turn now."
Clarice said goodbye to me and signed off.
The doorbell rang about forty minutes later. When I answered it, I found Clarice standing there wearing just her shoes and her coat. Her coat was completely unbuttoned, leaving her tits and pussy exposed to anyone standing in front of her. Her nipples were rock hard from the cold air. As I let her in she asked, "Does my surprise please you Master?"
I answered by sliding my hands under her coat and pulling her to me. I gave her a long, passionate kiss before I leaned down and sucked each nipple in turn into my mouth. As I did, I realized that I couldn't taste the remnants of Kyle's cum.
"You've done well, slave. Now it's time to make dinner."
We went to the kitchen and I pulled out the steaks Anita had left. There was a gas grill on a small deck off the kitchen, so I stepped out to light it. Clarice busied herself making baked potatoes and a salad.
When I brought the steaks in from the grill, Clarice was nowhere to be found. I noticed a flickering light coming from the next room, so I carried the steaks in there.
Clarice had found the good china and silver, and had set a beautiful table, complete with candles and a bottle of wine. As I set the steaks down and began opening the wine, Clarice walked into the room.
She had touched up her hair and makeup, so she was the same vision that had captivated me when she walked out of the bathroom earlier. I found myself staring at her again, just as breathless as before.
Without realizing I had moved, I found her in my arms, our mouths pressed together in a hungry kiss. I held her tight as I explored her mouth with my tongue and she bit my lip.
When we paused for a breath, I felt near tears as said, "You're so beautiful. I'm so lucky to have you. I love you so much. Clarice, I don't ever want to let you go."
I could see her eyes shining with tears as she said, "I love you too, Ian. You can hold me as long as you like."
We kissed for a while more before I said, "Cold steaks won't help make this a perfect evening. Let's eat."
I held Claire's chair as she sat down, then finished opening the wine and poured us each a glass. As we sat and ate, we talked about what a future together would be like.
Although we had talked about career plans, where we wanted to live, and other practical matters that college students worry about for their post-college lives, we'd never talked about having a family before. We both stopped short of pledging to be together until death do us part, but the conversation was going in that direction.
When we finished eating, we cleaned up together. Then we both had homework we needed to finish, so we retired to the family room.
"Slave, you must be in my sight at all times."
Clarice blushed and looked flattered as she found a comfortable spot on the sofa where I could see her just by glancing over the top of my book. As she settled in to study, Clarice struck a pinup pose, lying on her side with one leg extended an the other foot flat on the sofa with her knee up, her books lying on the sofa in front of her. She normally studied lying face down with her knees together and her feet in the air.
A little later, she shifted position so she was propped against the arm of the sofa with her feet pressed together and her knees spread.
Since I had spent the afternoon working on homework while Clarice was off to the library, I finished my work first. I sat and watched her until she packed up her books and then looked up at me with a smile.
"Ready to tell me about your adventures this afternoon?"
"Yes Master. I was hoping you'd ask."
She came to me and laid on my chest as I pulled a blanket over us. When her face was inches from mine, I couldn't resist kissing her again. Her hair made a tent around our faces, closing us in our own world where the only things that mattered were the warm press of her body against mine and the touch of our lips.
Breaking our kiss with a sigh, I said, "So tell me about your study group."
"Okay. I got there first. Got the key to the room and went in. I unpacked my stuff like you told me to. I put the remote near the middle of the table just as the rest of the group walked in. They'd met in the lobby and walked in together."
"As soon as they sat down, Shelly grabbed the remote off the table and said, 'You've got one of these? I saw them at Angels and Devils. I was going to get one for my girlfriend, but they're really expensive.'"
"Then she noticed the flashing light, and she said, 'Are you wearing this right now? That's cool! How does it feel?'"
"I told her I was wearing it, but it set at zero. Then I explained my task. When she heard that I'd let her control the vibe for ten minutes, Shelly got really excited."
"Alan and Alex weren't quite keeping up, so I explained how the remote worked."
"I turned to Shelly and said, 'You want to do this.'"
"Shelly said, 'Oh yeah. I've been wanting to see you cum again. You're so hot.'"
I interrupted, "Again?"
"We went out once. Shelly's a hard-core butch lesbian. She hit on me at the beginning of the semester when we joined the study group. I like her, but she wants her girlfriends to be total lipstick lesbians, wearing skirts and stockings every day, complete with the hair and the makeup. I told her I couldn't do that."
"When the PFLAG chapter on campus threw a fundraising ball, she invited me. That was before we were dating, while I was considering dumping Ryan. I said yes, and we had a great time. She's a very giving lover, like you. She'd gotten a room at the hotel, and she spent the whole night making me cum more times than I could count. I love you, big guy, but a night of fun with a girl never ends."
"Alan and Alex knew we'd gone out that one time. I asked them if they wanted to take part. Alan was all for it, but Alex was worried we'd get caught."
"Alan took all our coats and hung them on the back of the chairs that so anyone looking in could only see me from the shoulders up. He sat at the end of the table near the door, I had my back to the windows, and Shelly and Alex were sitting across from me."
"I told them, "One more thing before we start," and I explained about my squirting and asked if I could go to the Women's room."
"Shelly said, 'I've got a better idea.'"
"She slipped under the table, and I felt her tugging at my pants. I lifted my butt and she slid my pants and panties completely off. We all looked under the table at her, and she was sitting between my legs, topless. She smiled at us and said, 'I love getting sprayed with girl cum. Now slide back so I can see your tits too.'"
"I slid my chair back a little and unzipped my jacket. Shelly reached up and arranged it so my tits were on display, then I felt the vibrator start. She knew all about how it worked, so she had me on the edge of an orgasm in no time."
By then, my cock was like steel, and the head was bumping against Clarice's pussy. She reached down, tucked the tip into her cunt hole and slid down so about two inches of my cock were inside her. Then she continued:
"Alex has tiny tits, so she never wears a bra. I found out that she also has big puffy nipples. She was wearing just a T-shirt, and I could clearly see her areolas puffed up into two domes, with the most suckable looking nipple on top. I said, 'Shelly, I'd love to get my mouth on Alex's tits. They look delicious.'"
"Alex looked flattered, embarrassed, and a little scared all at the same time. When Shelly reached up from under the table and played with one of her nipples, she looked like she wasn't sure whether to run or beg for more."
"As I saw Shelly's hand disappear under the table again, she said, 'Nice cock, Alan,' causing Alex to duck her head under the table."
"A moment later, she slid under the table and I could hear slurping noises as Alex moaned softly."
"Shelly had been playing with the vibrator settings to keep me on edge. I thought it might be worth reconsidering the lipstick lesbian thing for a lover like her."
"I heard her say, 'Give it to me now, baby,' as she changed the vibrator setting one more time. She had the egg pounding against my g-spot and I squirted a huge gush of cum."
"Shelly said, 'That was beautiful. Do it again,' as she changed to a different setting that hit my g-spot a different way."
"I could see my cum land on her chest. There were droplets hanging off her nipples that looked incredibly hot. As the second gush splashed onto her, she leaned forward to catch it in her mouth. She caught some, but most of it sprayed on her cheeks and chin and dripped down onto her tits."
"Alan was looking under the table, and when the second blast hit Shelly in the face, he let out a high pitched sound and I could see his cock pumping into Alex's mouth."
"When Alex let Alan's cock fall out of her mouth, Shelly grabbed her and pulled her between my legs. She yanked her shirt up over her tits and started sucking on her nipples. Alex fought her for a few seconds, but then she just stroked Shelly's hair as Shelly tried to devour her nipples."
"Shelly handed the remote to Alan and shoved her hand down Alex's sweatpants. Alex was tentatively feeling Shelly's tits as my final blast sprayed out onto both of their chests. As my cum landed on her, Alex shuddered and she held Shelly's mouth to her tit in a death grip."
"I couldn't resist ducking under the table for a quick suck on Alex's nipple. I could suck on her tiny tits all day."
"By then, the ten minutes were up. As we started to adjust our clothes and settle into our chairs, Shelly said, 'Can I try that now. I haven't cum yet.'"
"I started to say it needed to be cleaned, but Shelly said, 'I've had my tongue up your ass. I'm not worried about what might be up there.'"
"I pulled the vibrator out and handed it to her. She stood up and pulled down her jeans and panties. Anyone walking by would have seen her. Then she slid the toy into her ass and pussy and sat down."
"I took charge of the remote, setting it on low and saying 'We've got to get busy.'"
"We passed our papers around and started reading. Shelly was able to concentrate at first, but I gradually increased the setting on the vibrator. As she picked up the last of our papers and tried to focus on it, she looked at me and said, 'You are a sadistic bitch.'"
"I said, 'Show us your tits again, and maybe I'll help you with your problem."
"We traded places so she had her back to the window, then she unbuttoned her shirt and showed us her tits."
"I turned the vibrator up one more notch. She hissed out breath through her teeth, but I could tell it wasn't quite getting her to where she wanted to be. 'Pinch your nipples.'"
"She grabbed both of her nipples and twisted them until they were purple. As she did, I turned the vibrator up to the max setting. That set her off with a loud, 'Yesss!"
"I played with the settings to bring her through four orgasms before I turned it off."
"By then, our time was up, so we packed up and left. Shelly said something about finding her girlfriend right away, and from the looks Alan and Alex were giving each other I'm pretty sure Alex's pussy was going to get a pounding."
I said, "A task well done, and an excellent story. You deserve a reward, slave."
I rolled over so that we were lying side by side and kissed Clarice for a few seconds. Then I slid down and buried my nose in her pussy.
She was dripping wet, and her cute little lips were red and puffy. I sucked the delicate folds into my mouth, collecting all her juices on my tongue. I gradually burrowed my tongue deeper into her folds until it was lodged in the mouth of her cunt. I flicked it around the inside of her tunnel causing more of her sweet juices to flow so I could slurp them up.
I lifted her legs and traced my tongue back to her pink pucker, giving it the same kind of loving I'd given her cunt. When I felt her hole twitching so it seemed like it was trying to pull my tongue inside, I licked my way back up and sucked her clit into my mouth.
As I sucked on her clit, Clarice was making whimpering groans and running her hands through my hair. There was a steady stream of her fluids trickling out of her pussy. I alternated lapping up her juices and attacking her clit.
When I heard her start sucking in breaths through her nose and blowing them out through pursed lips, I locked my mouth around her clit and sucked it as far into my mouth as I could. Then I beat it with my tongue until I heard the familiar cries of her orgasm. She was beating her feet against the sofa, and I could see her stomach muscles rippling until she shoved my mouth off her pussy as she quickly backed away from my mouth.
She paused for a minute, looking at my face, then she tackled me and fell on top of me. She rained kisses on my face as she ran her hands over my chest and shoulders.
As she finally settled down, she said, "Thank you, Master."
I kissed her one more time, then I rolled on my back, lifting her on top of me so she was sitting up as I said, "Now you can ride my cock while you tell me about the rest of your afternoon."
Clarice said, "May I have your cock in my tight, hungry asshole please Master?"
"Certainly."
Clarice made quick work of fishing a tube of lube out of the end table drawer and lubing up both of us. Then she quickly slid her tight hole onto my cock, wiggling her ass and giving a contented sigh as she bottomed out.
Clarice was kneeling astride me. She leaned forward with her tits hanging over me and began slowly rocking back and forth, fucking the top half of my cock with short strokes. I reached up to pinch her nipples and cup her tits as she began, "My pants were soaked, especially the front, so Kyle and Sam walked on front of me. We got to the bathroom Kyle had mentioned and I went in first. They made sure no one was looking, then followed me in."
"When we got inside, we found out there was just a toilet, a sink and one of those fold down baby changing stations. Sam said, 'There's no place to sit. I don't want to lay on a cold bathroom floor.'"
"I told her to lose her pants while I stripped. I figured I might as well make it a good show. Sam saw me naked and she stripped bare too."
"Kyle was licking his lips and rubbing his crotch as he watched us. I asked him, 'Are you going to play with that fat cock again?'"
"He had his cock out of his pants in an instant. I hadn't got a good look at it before, so I checked it out. It was almost as long as yours, but skinny with a huge head. It looked like a fat arrow."
"I laid my pants on the floor and sat on them, leaning back on my hands. I leaned my head back, pointed to my face, and said, 'Put your cunt right here.'"
"Sam straddled my head so she was facing my feet. She leaned forward as she squatted down, watching my mouth and tongue until I licked her slit. Then she squatted down and reached behind herself to grab my hair."
Clarice shifted her position so she was squatting over me with her hands on my chest. That position allowed her to take my full length up her ass. As she stroked me from cock head to balls with her steaming hot hole, she continued:"
"She went wild, jamming my face into her cunt and rubbing everything from her clit to her asshole across my nose and chin. I tried to hit the spots I knew she'd want licked with my tongue as she rode my face."
"Finally, I grabbed her hips so I could control where I was licking. I pulled her forward so I could tickle her asshole, then slowly worked my way forward to her clit. When I sucked her clit into my mouth, she started bucking again and I had to hold on tight."
"I heard her say to Kyle, 'Are you going to cum?'"
"Kyle answered yes and then asked if he could cum in her pussy. Sam said, "No. Cum on her tits again. I want to lick it all off this time."
"A few moments later, I felt Kyle's hot cum landing on my tits."
"I felt Sam clenching and unclenching her ass muscles, so I knew she was close. I sucked hard on her clit as I dug my fingers into her ass crack. I pulled her cheeks apart and wiggled one finger into her hole."
"That set her off. Her legs started jerking so she could barely stand, and she was moaning continuously. As I continued to lick and suck her cunt, she started to fall and Kyle caught her."
Clarice pulled me to a sitting position, then wrapped her legs around my waist and pulled us over on our sides so I ended up on top with my cock still in her ass. I immediately began slamming my cock into her hole.
"Kyle helped her to a kneeling position on the floor. She looked at me, still in a stupor, and crawled over between my legs. As she leaned down and started licking Kyle's cum off my tits, a tremor went through her body. She licked all the cum off, and then kept licking and sucking my tits until she had come down from her orgasm."
"As we stood up, she took a bandana out of her coat pocket and wetted it in the sink. She used it to clean my face and my tits. I think she liked playing with them."
"We got dressed and then Kyle left the bathroom first. While we waited for him to give us the all-clear, Sam told me no one had ever played with her ass before, much less licked it, then she gave me her phone number. When Kyle gave us the okay, we left the bathroom and went straight to the parking lot. A couple of people noticed my wet pants on the way out, but it wasn't anyone I know."
"Now, I need you to fuck my ass hard and fill me with your hot cum. Ram that fat cock into my hole."
I put her feet up on my shoulders as I supported my weight on my hands and feet. Every time I drove my cock into her, our bodies came together with a slap, and I could hear the breath being driven from her body.
I was looking into her eyes as I felt my balls tighten. She must have seen my expression, because she reached down and rubbed her clit hard, sending herself into a wrenching orgasm.
As I watched her face and saw her cum, her asshole clenched around my cock, sending me to my orgasm. The hot, squeezing convulsions of her ass around my cock sent lightning to my brain. I continued to drive into her until my body froze and the only movement was the pulsing of my balls spurting cum into her ass.
I lowered myself down so my hands were cradling her head and kissed her softly for a long time.
We went up to bed and put on a movie as we cuddled contentedly together. I let her pick, and she chose "The Notebook." As the movie started, I whispered in her ear, "Even Teri doesn't know I'm a total sucker for a chick flick."
"Your secret's safe with me."
We watched the movie tangled together under the cover. It wasn't very comfortable, but neither of us wanted to have any more space between us.
When it was done, we talked, kissed and made love until we drifted off to sleep in each other's arms. Most of our talk was about our possible future together.
I was jarred awake by a blast of cold air and an even colder body climbing in bed with me. Clarice and I were face to face at that moment, and I could feel someone getting in on her side also. As I tried to clear the sleep out of my eyes to see what was going on, I heard Anita's voice say, "Give a girl some room. I need to warm up."
I rolled onto my back, and when I did Anita rolled on top of me and pulled the covers over her head. Next to me, I felt a large, male body that I assumed belonged to Keith, and I sensed that Clarice was lying on top of him.
I finally got my eyes open, and there was just enough light to see Anita looking back at me. I said, "Normally I like having a naked woman with big tits climb in bed with me, but when she feels like she just stepped out of an ice bath, I have some reservations."
Next to me Clarice said, "I feel the same about ice cold muscle studs with big cocks."
Keith said, "It's near zero outside and the car barely had time to warm up on the drive from the airport."
I looked at the clock and saw that it was 5:30. I said, "I thought you'd just be landing now."
Keith said, "They had to cancel flights to some areas because this cold front brought storms with it. Then they moved up our departure and gave us a new flight path with more favorable winds so we could get in ahead of the storms. We also found out that when you're the first arrival of the day, you can sail right out of the airport and all the way home with no delays and no traffic. We saved an hour and a half on the return trip."
Clarice said, "That doesn't excuse climbing into bed when you're ice cold."
"I took a winter survival class when I was a Boy Scout. The trainer said that skin to skin warming is the best way to treat cases of potential hypothermia and frostbite," was Keith's answer.
Anita reached down and felt my cock. Despite her body temperature, it had recognized that I had a gorgeous woman wiggling on top of me and had risen to the occasion. As she slid my cock into her cunt she said, "Internal warming is an even faster way to bring up the patient's body temperature."
Keith must have been ready too, because I felt Clarice reach down between their bodies as she said with a giggle, "Okay, that makes sense."
For the next ten minutes, we didn't talk much as we did our best to warm up our frozen hosts, including a couple of minutes of sixty-nine for cleanup.
We spent the rest of the time until Clarice and I had to get ready to leave for class telling them about our adventures. As we told our story, Keith's cock made an amazing recovery and Anita was working her cunt and tits like she hadn't had sex in a week. I ended up spoon fucking Anita and Keith spoon fucked Clarice while we filled them in on the rest of our weekend.
I handed Anita a flash drive and said, "Some of this is on video for you."
Clarice looked shocked and said, "When did you record us?"
"Yesterday afternoon, when we got back from Suzanne's."
Clarice blushed, but I could tell she wanted to see that video.
Anita and Keith made us breakfast while we showered, dressed and packed. After we ate, we thanked them again and said, "Let us know if we can ever repay you."
As we drove back to school, we made plans to get together over winter break so we could get to know each other's families.
On Monday I got a call from Tim. After the usual greetings, Tim got right to the point, "Suzanne really liked what we did this weekend, and so did I. I told Suzanne to call you, but she's being kind of shy about it. Is it okay if she wants to get together with you some time?"
"Sure. That'd be great. Would it be all four of us?"
"Maybe. Or maybe just the two of you if that's okay with you and Clarice."
"I don't think Clarice would mind, as long as she knows what I'm doing. Are you okay with Suzanne and me alone together?"
"Yeah, I am. Would you mind if I met with Clarice?"
"No. I'm okay with that."
We talked for another minute more, then hung up.
The next day, I got a call from Suzanne, "Ian, Suzanne. Are you free for lunch?"
"Sure."
"I'll pick you up. Is noon okay?"
I told her noon was perfect and explained where she should pick me up.
When I got into Suzanne's car she said, "I originally just wanted to talk, but I've been horny ever since we got off the phone. Is it okay if we grab some takeout and go back to your room? We can go to my house, but that won't leave us much time."
I knew my roommate never went back to our room in the middle of the day, so I said, "My room's fine."
We grabbed some subs from a shop in the student union, then went to my room. Suzanne stripped as soon as she walked in the door. She was wearing a pair of crotchless panty hose with a black lace bra and panty set. I said, "Take off the bra. I want to look at your tits while we eat."
I stripped and we ate our sandwiches sitting thigh to thigh on the futon. My cock was hard the whole time, and I could see that Suzanne's nipples were swollen nubs.
As soon as we finished eating, I pushed Suzanne back and yanked her panties to the side. Her cunt was already dripping, so I lapped up as much of her sweet girl cum as I could.
Suzanne was eager to get down to business. She let me lick her until she had a small orgasm, then she pulled me up and grabbed my cock. Guiding me with one hand, she locked her heels behind my back and pulled me into her cunt in one quick stroke. I immediately began slamming into her, and within seconds we were both grunting and sweating.
Despite our animal passion, Suzanne kept her hands on my shoulders, and her eyes were boring into mine the whole time. As my cock slammed violently into her cunt, I could see her face twist in orgasmic pleasure as she gasped, "Oh, oh, yes."
I continued to pound her as the rich scent of our fucking filled my nostrils. Suzanne's skin glistened with a fine sheen of sweat, making her magnificent tits look like a polished sculpture.
As Suzanne reached another climax, my breath caught in my throat and I let out a strangled groan as my balls pulsed and pumped my cum into her cunt. Suzanne was whispering in my ear, "Cum in me. Fill me with your cum. Make my cunt a sticky mess."
I sagged onto Suzanne's chest, my head pillowed on her tits as I caught my breath. Suzanne stroked my hair and kissed my head until I knelt back, reluctantly pulling my cock out of her cunt.
As I bent to lick her cunt clean, Suzanne stopped me saying, "Not today. I told Kate and Allison I was going to have a cummy pussy for the rest of the afternoon."
Suzanne straightened her panties, then licked my cock clean. We both got dressed and Suzanne dropped me off at my next class before heading back to work. As we kissed goodbye she said, "Maybe next time we'll talk."
When I talked to Clarice later that day, she told me that she had an almost identical experience with Tim that day.
That first time we got together, Suzanne had asked about my roommates schedule. A week later, he had an early class and I was sleeping in. I heard my door open and the next thing I knew Suzanne was climbing into bed with me. She was naked except for her panties, and as she sat down next to me she slid those off. Then she said, "Roll over on your back. I brought you a present."
I did as she asked and she straddled my face, pressing her cunt down onto my mouth. Naturally I plastered my mouth to her cunt. That's when I felt Suzanne flex her cunt muscles and a gob of cum squirted into my mouth. I swallowed that and dug in my tongue for more. There was an amazing amount of cum in her cunt.
When she was clean, she turned around and slid my cock into her cunt. As we fucked she said, "Tim and I have been busy all week, so neither one of us has had sex. Tim decided to go in late this morning and we did it twice. When he left, I couldn't get back to sleep. I remembered that you'd be alone, so I came here, hoping you wouldn't mind cleaning me up."
"You know I'll always be happy to eat your pussy."
We fucked until I dumped another load into her cunt, then she sat on my face while I cleaned her out again and ate her to several orgasms. Then we snuck into the men's bathroom and took a shower together.
After that, Suzanne would call me about once a week. At first, it was always for a hurried nooner or an early morning quicky. The sex was usually so frantic that we ended up with a little time for us to talk as we caught our breath. As we became more familiar with each other, we actually did get together to talk over lunch or coffee. Later, Suzanne started bringing Kate and Allison with her. Clarice also met regularly with Tim.