Hello, this is a fantasy for those that enjoy interracial sex, incest, blackmail, mature, cuckolding and many other fetishes. Please feel free move on if its not your cup of tea. Please read part 1 for better history and clarity. All are over 18.
Lindsey Branson was ascending the stairs of her beautiful upper middle class suburban home. The home filled with laughter and joy as the party was in full swing. Lindsey was shaking, feeling as though she was moving in slow motion. She was not going to check on her son Steve, as she told her husband Joe. Instead the forty five year old Lindsey was going to meet her blackmailer in her marital bedroom! The powerful Thirty year old black Banker Darius Johnson. With each step she desperately tried to figure a way out. She heard someone shout her name, turning back she saw her Pastor climbing the stairs!
The Rev. William Snow of the Southern Baptist Church where her husband is a Deacon was a stern old fashion preacher.
"Where are you off to Lindsey? I was hoping to get the first dance of the evening?"
Lindsey turned to Pastor Snow and glanced down at her form fitting dress to see if it was still wrinkled where Darius had fondled her firm womanly breast.
"I... I'm going to check on Steve. Please, save me a dance?"
"Of course said the Pastor. Is everything okay? You look pale as a ghost."
"I'm fine thanks Pastor Snow. Just a lot on my mind between the party and kids."
"Why don't you come by the rectory this week and we will have a cup of tea?'
"Thank you Pastor, I would enjoy that."
Lindsey turned and continued up the stairs feeling as though she was between Heaven and Hell. Downstairs her preacher waiting on a dance. Upstairs in her bedroom, Darius was waiting for her and would most certainly expect her forsake her marriage vows!
"It's just a picture, she thought, a lot of people have posed nude. Joe would understand. I was so young. Oh, who am I kidding! My husband the Decon of the church. He would never understand! I can't believe this! All my life I've lived like June Cleaver! And now because I pose nude, a black man expects to fuck me! Oh Lord please help me and please forgive my language!"
She found herself at her bedroom door and leaned against the door and thought, "I can't do this! I've never been with another man ever! And now a southern white woman with a black man in my bedroom! God please take Satan out of bedroom and out of my life! I've got to be strong!" As she began to open the bedroom door.
Lindsey started to close the bedroom door when she heard his dominate voice.
"STOP! Leave it open!" Darius bellowed in his deep voice.
"Are you insane? OPEN, with my family and a houseful of people downstairs! Why?" Lindsey sobbed.
Darius smiled and sat on the marital bed and said, "Tell me no again and I will walk out of this room and you won't hear from me again! Then you can see your naked picture sent to your husband, family, friends, preacher and all over the internet! Are you feeling lucky?... Tell me NO again!"
Tears were gliding down her cheeks as she broke. "I'm... I'm sorry. But please don't do this! I'm begging you! At least not in my husband's bed! Can we please go to the Guest Suite? Please, I beg of you."
Ignoring her he said, "Are you ready to service me?" A sly smile creeping out. Darius had wanted this trophy wife for a long time! This exquisite lady was the perfect southern belle a former debutante from one of the oldest most prominent families in the community. Darius would now break this woman and his ultimate goal to break the entire family
"Oh... my God! I can't, please... don't." Lindsey wept. The beautiful woman looked around the large romantic suite where all three of her children were conceived and realized something unholy was about to take place.
"Strip now!" The big muscular black man ordered!
The trophy wife stood in the middle of the bedroom a tear rolled down her cheek as her trembling hands rose to her neck and started to remove her gold crucifix. "Leave the crucifix and your wedding rings on slut!"
Overwhelmed with shame she began to unbutton her black dress. The buttons went from just atop her breasts to just below her knees where the dress ended. As she unbuttoned, her splendid cleavage came into view and then she froze and said. "I can't, please I'm a respectable married woman!" Lindsey moaned and dropped her hands.
"HOLY SHIT," groaned Lindsey's 19 year old son Steve! As he was passing his parents bedroom on his way downstairs. Frozen in place not believing his eyes!
Darius rose from the bed and moved towards Lindsey. The beautiful Bell sensed he was going to pass her and walk right out the door. "Darius please, please don't go..." her voice cracking.
The monster of man stopped it front of her and looked deep into her eyes. This man a descendant of slaves now had this prim and proper lady a descendant of plantation owners begging him to stay in her marital bedroom!
Darius raised his large hands raised up to the neckline of her dress and slowly and deliberately begin to tear her dress down the front! The satin material ripping easily until the dress hung off her shoulders, exposing an ample amount of cleavage! Leaving the front of the dress fully open!
"Very nice!" remarked Darius as his eyes roamed over the pale skin of her chest and belly with a slight pouch.
"MAMA!" the 19 year old boy muttered under his ragged breath.
Darius turned around and sat on her husband's side of the bed and simply stared at her as though he owned her.
Defeated, Lindsey brought her hands up and slowly slid her dress off her shoulders and it dropped to the floor!
What a vision before her new master. Wearing a black lace underwire push up bra cradling her 34" very full b cup breasts! His eye's traveled down to the matching lace French cut panties. The icing on the cake was the the matching garter belt holding up her thigh high lace topped stockings and two inch delicate pumps. She obviously dressed as a present for her husband later this evening. A prize Darius was only too happy to steal!
"Oh God" she managed to grasp as her breath came in quick bursts! She reached behind her back and undid her bra and a tear shed as she let it fall to the ground. Her breasts were nothing short of magnificent for a forty five year old mother of three! Her nipples were long like an eraser with somewhat small pink areola. There was a slight hint of sag to the rather large b cup breasts. Just the right amount sag that let a man know she was a natural woman. Darius noticed the sag and thought "If everything goes as planned her breasts will be plump with a mother's milk for his child she will bare!"
Steve wanted to barge into the room and defend his mothers honor, but was glued to his spot as he started to rub his hard as steel cock!
"Please I'm begging you, I... I will give you money! Please don't humiliate and use me in this manner Darius!"
looking into his dark blue eyes she realized she was the lamb and started to unfasten each garter strap. As she bent over her breasts swayed like beautiful utters! When all the straps of the black garter were undone she once again looked to Darius but saw no mercy in his eyes.
"Please, I'm not protected. You can't cum in me! Please, I can't get pregnant she whimpered."
She slowly lowered her French cut panties exposing herself to the black man! Realizing she had just given him permission to enter her with her last statement! A true strawberry blonde as her well groomed bush came into view!
Her son was absolutely dizzy looking at her swinging breasts as her pussy came into view!
Darius held out his hand as she dutifully slid them down hers legs and over her heels and placed the panties in his hand. He looked deep into her soul as he raised his hand to his nose and smelled the pheromones! He smiled and she blushed as both knew the submissive wife was wet. He balled up the panties and threw them across the room and out into the hall.
The black panties landed at Steve's feet as he watched the scene unfold the bedroom mirror! He peered around the door knowing he had to save his mom, but could not stop himself from first examining her panties! As he bent over to retrieve them they were suddenly scooped up by a delicate black hand with a French Manicure.
"You've been a bad boy Steve!" As Denise, Darius's wife wrapped her hand around his waist and smashed her small b cup breast's into his muscular back!
"Mrs. Johnson it's not what it looks like!.."
"Stay still my little Cuckold," Mama's in control now as she lowered her her slim hand to his hardening cock! Her other hand she brought to his nose and he was inhaling the wonderful sent of his mother's panties.
Back in the bedroom Lindsey went to remove her garter belt and Darius shook his head. She stepped back knowing what he expected and reconnected each garter strap to her lace stocking tops. She stood back up her breasts bobbling. He pointed to her hair and she knew to let her hair down. Slowly she let her reddish blonde hair fall and frame her face and touch the tops of her breasts. She was frightened and oddly enough starting to drip as well!
Standing back a bit she deliberately displayed her pale skinned, lithe body to the man who now controlled her destiny!
The lovely Lindsey was all woman, nothing plastic about her! As her body had filled out some over time only making her more desirable! Large natural teardrop breasts with pink areola's and eraser like nipples! Along with a tiny little pouch and lithe hips expanding just a touch. Her body was near mirror image of actress Almudenia Leon.
There was a part of the married woman had a desire to submit to Darius! She wondered if her mature motherly frame would please the black Adonis!
Darius stood and stated "It's time, undress me!"
"Oh... please, there must be some other way? I'm begging on my marriage vows." Lindsey choked.
She stood in front of the towering man that he had no patience for disobedience and she raised her arms up and removed his suit coat. The large black man towered over her as she felt humiliated and small looking up into his eyes. Next looking up the front of his chest she removed his necktie and then began to unbutton his fine dress shirt. Exposing a mountainous chest of pure muscle. The large man was naked from the chest up and was dark as coal!
Lindsey was repulsed by the black man and yet could feel the sweet juice literally running down her inner thighs. She had never been abused and taken in such a way and it touched a nerve with her Biblical roots to honor and obey her man. Only one problem, Darius was not her man, he was her rapist!
"I grow annoyed, finish undressing me now!" bellowed Darius!
"Yes Master" replied Lindsey without thinking. "Oh my God, why did I say that!"
As she slid to her knees and raised her hands to his belt. Trembling she began to unbuckle his belt and then the sound of a zipper echoed though the room! The reason for the echo was out in the hall Darius wife Denise had unzipped the young son's pants at the same time!
"Ohh... moaned Steve, please no..."
"Your a dirty little boy jerking off to your own Mother!" hissed Denise!
She dropped his pants and wrapped his mom's panties around Steve's sizable seven inch cock and started stroking him off! He gripped the wall watching his Mother on her knees disrobing a huge black man! All the while Denise seemingly unfazed that her husband was taking a married white woman in her bedroom!
The prim and proper conservative wife on her knees naked except for a garter belt, lace stockings and two inch heels! Slowly she pulled down his trousers as her breasts swayed and she came face to face with something abnormally large and unnatural!
She thought, "It can't be, impossible!" Lindsey simply stared.
It was difficult to determine who was most excited between Darius, his wife Denise or Lindsey's own son Steve!
Lindsey raised her arms up and gripped the sides of his black silk boxers and lowered then down his legs as she saw the amazon like black cock come into view! She whimpered as she saw the black log that was swaying in front of her face! It was huge easily 11 or 12 inches long and about as thick as a coke can!
She had heard idol gossip at lunches with other Southern Belle's where they spoke of Plantation stories about black bulls and lady of the house. But that kind of taboo she thought was just old wives tales. Her own husband was 8 inches and filled her completely.
Mesmerized she just stared at this huge black as coal log. Darius now had stepped out of his briefs and was completely naked. Every inch of his six foot five inch figure was all muscle! He was nothing short of a God, no a Mandingo!
"Oh... God. Darius no! You'll ruin me!" A tear ran down her cheek knowing making love to her beloved husband would never be the same! And he would enviably know that she had been unfaithful!
With a cold callous expression he reached down and grabbed her chin with his massive hand and drew her head up to look in his eyes! "You no longer serve your husband! You will be his in name only and maybe not even that, unless I allow it! You belong to me now!"
A tear rolled down her cheek as a wave of emotions were going though her mind of how her orderly perfect life had turned completely upside down in less than an hour. The 45 year old wife and mother rose from the floor and started to move around him towards the bed when he grabbed her by the arm and pulled her in front of him!
"Where the fuck do you think you are going whore!"
Stunned and trembling she whispered I... I was going to get in bed.
"Did I say you could get up off your knees slut! I own you do you understand?" Darius reached out and grabbed her left nipple and squeezed it as hard as he could and she howled in pain and fell to the floor in front of him.
Lindsey looked at the floor and whispered, "Aw... yes Master, um... You own my body."
"You may service me now slut!"
Lindsey looked up at the semi hard log and brought her mouth up to it and started licking the long length taking both hands to support it. This is something she rarely did for her husband and she prayed Darius would not cum in her mouth as she never would swallow for Joe.
Out in the hall Denise was enthroned she could not believe the impending destruction of the debutante and cuckolding the son was a toy she would be sure to manipulate long after today! "You sick little shit! Are you getting off on watching your Mother? Or are you some fudge packer hoping Darius will take your ass?"
"I...please, I want to help my mom!" Steve said.
Denise unwrapped her hand and took the panties from his cock and backed away from him. "You're free, go and save your Mother." Smiling at him while calling his bluff.
The boy looked deep into the strong willed black woman's eyes and then scanned down her body. She had absolutely perfect teardrop shaped breasts and it was obvious she was not wearing a bra as her V neck dress went all the way down to her navel!
Looking back at his Mother and the beautiful black lady in front of him he was torn. "Why... Why are you and your husband doing this?"
Denise reached up and slid the V shaped dress off her shoulders reveling her perfect black body the dress pooling around her hips.
"All in good time my boy. You will learn your purpose and my purpose. But you must commit yourself to me."
"Please... make me cum, I need to cum, please... Mrs Johnson."
Denise smile curled up on the right side and said "Of course my Pet, let your Mistress relive you."
With that she turned the boy around and pressed her bare chest against his back her hard nipples poking into his back! His attention was again focused on Darius and his Mother, as Denise started to jerk him off with his Mother's panties again!
The scene in the room was like a insane! His Mother near naked on her knees licking the long shaft of Darius. The contrast of the pale white woman to the coal dark Mandingo was stark and mesmerizing to Steve as well as Denise. The pretty strawberry blonde licked her lips once, with nervousness! Then parting them slowly, lowering her lips to let the massive mushroom head into her mouth! He groaned as he felt her warm lips around the massive head. Slowly she worked about four inches into her mouth as she looked down she saw her wedding ring glitter as she held his penis to her mouth! Slowly she bobbed her head up and down never allowing more than four to five inches inside her mouth. Instinctively, she found her left hand stroking his long shaft, in rhythm with her mouth. Hoping this would be too much for Darius and put and end to this humiliation.
Working the cock with precision she felt a copious amount of pre cum began to enter her mouth. Pausing for a moment and removing it from her mouth to look at the black penis smeared in white fluid! Much more than her husband ejaculated into her mouth that she would then spit out into the sink.
"Look at you, you're a slut! Nipples poking out hard as pebbles and a puddle dripping on the floor between your legs! Get back to work Whore!" Darius barked!"
Lindsey bowed her head in shame. Taking the python back into her mouth engulfing six inches deep as Darius grabbed the back of her head and began fucking her face with all his will! Back and forth, over and over again ramming his brick like cock in as far as he could crying! "Deeper Lindsey Deeper..." and then a pop and his log went down her throat balls deep! "Yes..." he moaned triumphantly! "Good girl."
His balls resting on her chin. Lindsey is one of the few with no gag reflux! The debutante can deep throat just about anything! Sometimes teasing her husband with a cucumber while cooking in the kitchen. Darius began pounding away pushing in so far his pubic hair would tickle her nose as he went balls deep!
"Keep going I'm close, I'm going to fill your stomach with my baby batter!"
Suddenly Lindsey put her hands on his hips and pushed until she popped out of his mouth! The big snake falling on her breast sliming it with his fluid!
"No Darius! I don't swallow for even my husband!" she pleaded.
She could see the anger in his eyes as he raised his hand to slap her and stopped himself! "Who the fuck do you think you are! Your a whore servicing me and nothing more! I will cum in your mouth, pussy or ass! Or you will find that naked picture from the dirty magazine in 1980 all over town! Stewardesses in the nude. You slut!"
'That's it, mom posed nude! WOW! I've got to find the magazine!' Steve thought.
She trembled and nodded her head in shame with tears rolling down her cheeks she said, "Master will you please cum in my mouth? Use me for your pleasure." she whispered.
She then took the python back into her mouth! Then moved her hands to the back of his muscular ass and pull him completely down her throat! Starting seductive rhythm slowly moving to a breakneck speed! He moaned loudly at one of the best blowjobs he ever had! Suddenly she felt his log grow in her throat and she knew he was close!
Darius grunted and said, "You better take every drop and hold it in your mouth till I allow you to swallow slave!" He suddenly pulled out leaving just the mushroom tip in her mouth as he pumped rope after rope of his seed! Three, four, five, six blasts and still flowing! Finally he moaned as a final burst went in her mouth and let his penis slip from her mouth.
He padded her on the head as she sat on her knees and said "Open wide."
Lindsey opened her mouth to show a rather large load of semen. Her eyes bloodshot and red blotches on her pale skin. "Stay!" He commanded, then walked into the Master Bathroom where he took a piss, washed his face and had a glass of water.
Retuning to the bedroom he found she had not moved except for the tears that were rolling down her cheeks dripping onto her right nipple. Darius approached the marital bed and turned down the sheets! Then walked over to her and padded her on the head and treating her like a puppy dog her said, "Good girl, you may have your treat now."
Lindsey closed her eyes and swallowed as she felt the warm seed slipping down to the pit of her stomach!
She felt as though she would throw up but had no time to think as Mandingo picked her up by the waist and set her onto the middle of the marital bed! Darius got onto the bed and looked into her eyes as he softly pried her legs apart and moving between them! Laying his thick unprotected log across her freshly trim strawberry blonde pubic hair! The log stretching over her naval and resting on her soft belly! Darius looked down upon the lamb savoring the moment, surveying his exquisite prize. He took his hand and brushed aside the strand of hair stuck to side of her face. "No doubt dried semen he thought."
Lindsey looked up at Darius knowing what he was waiting for. Her eyes welling with tears she said, "May I service you? Please Master." Shame and sadness running though her head as she reached down to grab the black python he stopped her!
"Use the other hand slave," he said bluntly looking at her as though she were a renewable resource. The lovely wife glanced down and first saw the gold crucifix on her chest and then at the wedding band on her finger.
"OH"... she wept! She took hold of the 12 inch log and brought it to her entrance. A wave a guilt came over her as she realized she was absolutely dripping wet and warm! She had been abused, degraded, taken and broken by this black man and yet her body was providing a welcoming entrance for him! The tiny woman felt his tip press into her womanhood! The pressure building feeling a dull pain as the large mushroom head gained entrance to the forbidden fruit! Looking down as her wedding ring sparkled as she fed the black snake to her Georgia Peaches! The pain quickly turned sharp as the first inch of the coke can slipped inside.
Outside in the hallway both watched in fascination as the beautiful wife submitted to the powerful man! Steve was breathing as though he might pass out and suddenly he felt a long nail scratching his rosebud! Denise licked her finger and started to insert it into Steve's ass! "Ohh... God..." he moaned as she pushed the long finger all the way inside!
Denise licked his ear and whispered "I bet you wish this finger was Darius hard cock you mama's boy? Tell me!" as she rotated her finger and pushed deeper!
Steve only moaned louder as he started to wonder if she was right.
Back in the marital bed. She let out a choked NO... As another inch slipped in!
Shh... was all Darius said. As he continued his invasion spreading her vaginal walls pushing into another man's wife at an agonizing slow pace! Feeling every protruding vain of his thick cock! He was up to four inches and she was weeping as she felt she was being split in two!
"Oh...my...please no more!" moaned Lindsey!
Darius started to pounded away mercilessly like a battering ram! She let go of the black cock, as Darius was now six inches deep! Her hands gripping the sheets as she hung on for dear life! Darius was a machine! Relentless as inch after inch plunged into her! He was now nine inches deep! Lindsey was now openly moaning with each stoke she found her body responding to the mix of pain and pleasure. Without realizing it she slowly raised up her legs bending her knees and spreading her legs more! This resulted in better access for Darius as he picked up speed! Focusing on getting her cervix to yield to his black log!
"Oh my God, Master! No more, please...I can't take another inch!" she panted.
Denise pulled her finger out of the young son's ass and spit on her fingers! Then began to sink two fingers into his ass while whispering in his ear with a throaty voice! "You dirty little cuckold, I may make you eat your mother's twat once the Master is done using her!"
"Oh... My... Mrs. Johnson, I, please, please don't!" he bellowed loudly.
Denise stopped stroking him and brought his mother's panties to his mouth and said, "Open up Cuck! NOW!" He hesitated, but caved and open his mouth and she stuffed the panties into his mouth! He could smell the strong sent of his Mother! The taste was sweet in his mouth. Denise licked his ear and started stroking his leaking cock with pre cum! Groaning into his ear! "Sorry about the panties, but I will allow nothing to interfere with your mother's impregnation!" And suddenly she added a third finger to his ass and reamed it fully into his ass!
Tears rolled down the football players cheeks from the extreme pain mixed with pleasure! Embarrassed that a woman could treat him this way and have such control over him! He fully submitted to Mrs. Johnson leaving his mom to fend for herself!
Darius was relentless as he withdrew the nine inches and then pummeled back into her canal! Refusing to ejaculate until he was balls deep into her cervix! In and out, over and over with perfect rhythm.
"Awww... Please, no more! I'm begging you... I can't, every inch. You're just too big... You're ruining me!"
"Shh... Never tell me no! I own you now and you need to fully submit to me! Let me in!" He said as he picked up steam and jacked into her saying, "You know what my goal is, so just except it." He locked eyes with her...
"Oh my God!" she moaned, tears streaming down her face as she stared back into the eyes of her Mandingo! Wondering if this is what white women, perhaps her ancestors experienced! Lindsey slowly brought her knees up as high as they would go and then dug her high heels into the mattress of the marital bed! Then slowly brought her hands up and placed them on his tight ass and helped pull him inside her! Raising her head from the pillow, her hair not following her, dangled around her breasts! She pulled herself up to within an inch of his dark face and whimpered. "Yes Master, I'm your property! Please,,, impregnate me!" And with that, she brought her tender lips to his and gave a kiss of surrender! Her tongue slowing slid into his mouth and she kissed him with passion as never before!
There was a loud sucking sound and then a pop as Darius entered her cervix! The southern belle screamed into his mouth! He was fully impaled! His black hairy balls rested against her vagina! She then wrapped her legs around his muscular ass interlocking her heals and prepared for her destiny!
"Ha,Ha,Ha...YES" hissed Denise as she worked Steve's ass and cock with renewed vigor! "Your going to have a baby brother soon, Boy! I can't wait to see the look on your Daddy's face as Mama pops out a black baby!" She said triumphantly.
Steve could only moan in a wave of passion as he, like his Mother was under complete control of the power couple!
"Looks like you or your Daddy will have to clean Mama out tonight if you don't want her pregnant!" She then stuck her tongue in his ear and whispered, "Maybe you want Mama pregnant so you suck the milk out of her full and heavy breasts?"
That was it! Too much as Steve groaned, "Mama!" as he climaxed into the black woman's hand! Squirt after squirt into her hand with some landing on the wainscoting as well.
Mrs Denise Johnson pulled the three fingers from his ass and spun him around to within inches of her face! "You filthy little boy! You're mine now! I own you!" With that she brought her her palm full of his semen up to his lips and said, "Open up little birdie, chirp, chirp."
"Mrs Johnson, that's sick! I can't, please let me go.
She gave him a sly smile and said, "Look over your left should and focus on the hall table behind me!" As he looked over her shoulder his eyes bulged out of his head! There on the table was her smart phone recording everything!
"Imagine what your parents, family, and friends would think as you're on video masturbaiting! As your Mother is raped and impregnated!"
"I'm sorry aw...Mrs Johnson, I...Please"...
She interrupted him. "Mistress, or Mistress J. you fucking piece of useless shit! Don't you dare call me Mrs. Johnson unless we are in public together. UNDERSTAND?"
I boy trembling a tear coming down his cheek wondering what on earth he had gotten into replied "Yes Mistress J.
She looked over her prey and moved in closer and run her tongue up the side of his face licking up the tear. "Good, my Pet. NOW OPEN UP!" As she brought her palm full on cum to his lips! Slowly he opened his mouth as she pulled his head further back and pinched his nose closed! And poured the entire contents semen down his throat! Gagging and his eyes running he got it all down.
"Now lick my hand clean!" she said in a sultry voice!
"Ohh, God. When will this end," he thought as he licked the manicured hand clean.
"Now this other hand that was in your ass has dried. Mistress J. is going to turn you around and stick as much of her entire FIST up your faggot ass! So... It's up to you if you want to ease the pain with your spit?" laughed Denise!
Weeping he went to spit and she stopped him saying. "You may NEVER spit on your Mistress! However you may like or suck my fingers if you wish?"
"But Mistress, your fingers were in my ass!"
A sly smile came upon her face as she said, "I know my dirty little boy. Now either start licking and sucking or turn around, NOW."
Weeping and broken he took the the slim hand and brought it to his lips and started licking them up one side and down the other.
"YOU HAVE 30 Seconds!"
Panicking he shoved as much of her hand into his mouth slobbering and gaging in the process!
"Time, turn around and spread your legs as you watch your whore of Mother get inseminated!"
The naive 19 year old tuned around and braced himself against the door jamb and saw that Darius had just bottomed out into his Mother!
"Put the panties back into your mouth!" Denise demanded! And then he felt her nails digging into his anus and spreading his rosebud!
Steve screamed "Mommy" into the panties as her long hand started to enter his ass!
Lindsey lay in the missionary position her two inch heels interlocked around Darius's muscular ass as he had just entered her cervix! The married wife desperately kissing the Mandingo, as though her soul depended on it! Darius started to move but Lindsey locked her legs tighter and whispered, "Please Master don't move an inch."
The belle started French kissing him again with pure unadulterated lust! Pushing her tongue in as deep as possible while moving her arms around his neck! Whimpering as her body trembled leading her into an earth shattering climax! Images of her conservative life faded as she moaned into her lovers mouth. She pulled away from his kiss and looked into his steely eyes and choked out a "please..."
She moaned and the big man pulled 11' out and slammed back into her cervix picking up speed like a fright train! He started nuzzling on her neck hitting an erogenous zone! She surrendered her neck leaning in as he attacked her neck leaving love bites! Lost in the passion, all sense of logic had left her. Emotions were high as it became clear to her that an unholy mating ritual was now underway! Her husband, children, and wonderful life flashed though her thoughts and her eyes welled with tears! She reached her hand up and touched his lips and cried "Inseminate me please...Give me your seed!" A second wave overcame her and once again she climaxed! "AWWW... God, so good!" she moaned as she forgot her husband and family.
Darius's cock swelled as her tight vaginal canal milked the Bull! The pace become frantic as they watched from the doorway! They could see his muscular ass contracting as the Mandingo was deep in his mating ritual, nearing ejaculation! Darius sought her eyes and looked deeply into hers and moaned, "IT'S TIME!"
Lindsey welled up a tear streaming down her delicate face as she whispered, "Oh God, no... I, oh, oh... No don't." Hesitation and indecision and finally expectance! "Please, please seed me! Give me your baby please...I'm begging Master!"
Darius smiled in victory at the submission! Getting up on his forearms! Hovering over the former debutante as he groaned and began to shoot his load deep into her cervix! Spurt after spurt entered her womb! She could feel the immense amount of warm sperm coat her walls! Lindsey brought hers hands up to his chest and dug her nails into them as she climaxed a third time! Signaling to her that her body was excepting his insemination!
Out in the hallway Denise was ecstatic! "MISSION ACCOMPLISHED" and then rammed the remainder of her hand up Lindsey's 19 year old son! And began fisting him in earnest stride, whispering in his ear with a throaty voice! "I want you to cum NOW and you better not spill a drop!"
The young man with one hand gripping the door jamb and cupped the palm of his other hand desperate to catch every drop as he spurted!
"You know what to do Cuckold!" Demanded Denise!
Steve winced as he brought his hand up to his mouth and licked it clean!
Denise pulled her dress though her arms back into place covering her still hard nipples and grabbed the boy's arm pulling him close! "NOT ONE WORD OF WHAT HAPPENED HERE, understood?" As she picked up her smart phone and walked away. Her beautiful ass swaying as she headed downstairs. Steve pulled up his pants and hobbled off to his bedroom.
Darius final shot of sperm came with such a thunder! And just like that he rolled off the lamb and onto his back. His log quickly sucked from her womb leaving a gaping hole and now laying across his thigh leaking fluid onto her husband's side of the bed.
This left Lindsey feeling like a worthless whore. Curling up in the fetal position her body trembling. Her back to Darius she silently wept as a wave guilt overcame her. Realty hit as she realized she had violated her marriage vows in the bed she shares with her husband! The same bed where her children were conceived. Joe and the children elsewhere in the couples home as she committed adultery! Feeling their combined fluids leaking out of her was a constant reminder that that she asked, no begged Darius to inseminate her! She saw her night stand drawer not fully closed. Spotting the condoms inside that she made her husband wear.
Slowly she rose and went into the Master Bathroom. Coming to sit on the toilet and peed looking down seeing her petals red and swollen as huge glop of semen fell into the bowl. Sitting there a few minutes to collect her thoughts. Finally rising to wash her hands and splash water on her face. Looking in the mirror she saw five separate love bites on her neck! Closing the door quietly she opened the medicine cabinet and took out the thermometer waving it over her forehead confirming her worst fear! Her temp always went up a few degrees when she was ovulating!
"Come and clean me" bellowed Darius. Lindsey sighed, unsure where life was heading as she slipped into her cream colored long silk bathrobe. Then gathered a the pink porcelain bowl and pitcher from the table and filled the pitcher with warm water and some soap. Placing a towel over her arm along with a washcloth and headed into the Master Suite.
Darius burst out laughing as he saw her approaching as if to give him a sponge bath. "You stupid bitch!" he laughed. "You will always clean me with your tongue, haha."
Humiliated and feeling degraded, she returned the bowl and pitcher to the bathroom. Pausing to look in the mirror, she felt a warm twinge between her legs. She fluffed and brushed her hair and then then put on some fresh red lipstick and thought, "My God, what are you doing the man just forced himself on you and now you're freshening yourself for him!"
There was something about the submission that she found addicting! The belle detoured into her walk in closet and switched shoes. She pulled down a pair of six inch silver glitter Stiletto's and slipped them on her feet. She had bought them to surprise Joe and never had the guts to wear them before now.
Returning to the Master Suite seeing the black Adonis laying on the bed like a 'Greek God' she quietly moaned! Lindsey untied the sash and said, "Are you ready for me Master..." In her sweetest southern drawl letting the robe puddle to the floor! She wondered if her forty five year old mature body with some breast sag and widening hips with slight belly pouch appealed to the thirty year old Mandingo.
Darius looked at his prize! A natural woman with beautiful long strawberry blonde hair stopping just above her breasts. Freshened makeup and nothing else besides a garter, thigh high silk stockings and the six inch Stiletto's!
"Come and service your Master, whore!"
She trembled as she approached the bed her large breasts with the slight sag jiggled as she approached and crawled onto her knees! Positioning herself between his legs his python starting to harden again!
"Start with the scrotum and work you're way up slut." She found it strange that she wanted to please him even as he used and degraded her! Lifting his mammoth sack and began to tongue the man! This is something she swore she would never do for any man. But found herself hungrily attacking the spot between his sack and rosebud!
Darius was groaning and ran his fingers through her hair as she started to shake! She found herself moving her tongue unbelievably towards his rosebud. The once stately wife ran her tongue over his anus and began to push her tongue inside as deep as possible!
Darius moaned and ground her head into his ass! The black log rising to full mast! The wanton woman now begin to surface like a submarine over her balls, up his mast to the mushroom tip! She now looked him in the eyes before spiting on his cock and taking him completely down her throat until her nose reached his pubic hair!
Wanting to please, she began to throat fuck him with enthusiasm! He smiled at how easy it was to get in this southern belle's head! Manipulating her which he would use to enslave and ultimately destroy her family! He wondered how long it would be before the debutante was nothing more than a skank, that he would simply discard to the trash heap.
The man lying on his back was now as hard as a brick and ready to reseed the white wife! "Bitch, come sit on me!" Withdrawing, he heard a popping sound as he left her throat. She looked to her nightstand and saw a picture of Joe and the children and hesitated. Glancing between the Adonis and the family portrait, a tear welling up in her eye.
"Who"s property are you slut?" Darius said reasserting control over her.
Tears rolling down her cheeks, as she raised a leg over the 12 inch thick cock and slowing lowered herself onto the hunk of meat moaning "I am yours to use as you like." She said weeping and slid all the way down 10 inches bumping up against her cervix! Surprised at how easy her body took the mammoth penis as she placed her hands onto his chest and instantly climaxed!
And Lindsey immediately went to work rolling her hips in a graceful rhythm fucking herself on the massive rod! She began to imagine herself pregnant with the black mans child and the scandal that would come with it! Darius reached up and grabbed her big breasts and started to manipulate her nipples! Watching the breasts jiggle. "Thinking how soon they would be plump with milk." He pulled her to him and started to suck on the nipple, biting it like a hungry boy! Imagining it was filled with milk she moaned like the whore he said she was! The Bull bit both breasts leaving several bite marks on both breasts and her belly! He wanted to mark his territory and she wanted to be his whore! She came again as he worked over her breasts!
As her climax subsided she slowed her pace and looked him in the eyes and came close to his face and said, "I know this will bring disaster, but I surrender my mind, body and soul to you! You own me! And I will do as you command."
With that she took her hands pushed up on his chest and stood up on the bed. His black log slipped from her as she stood completely above him on her marital bed. Darius couldn't help but notice her the huge gapping hole, smiling knowing he had ruined her cunt. Making love to her husband would never be the same! As he moved up her lithe body he took in the slight pouch and the sag in her breasts. Knowing all that would go away with the pregnancy!
"Talk is cheap whore! Talk the talk or walk the walk!" She looked down at him and glanced over at the portrait of her family hesitating, Degraded with tears steaming down her face dropping onto his chest.
She placed her hands together and for the first time in twenty two years removed her wedding rings! This brought a grin to the black man, who viewed this as a significant step forward in his plan!
What happened next stymied him as she took the rings and brought them down to her vagina! And began rubbing the rings in their combined juices! She took one last look at the picture of Joe and the kids and wept, as she turned back to Darius and looking deep into her Master's eyes she inserted the wedding rings deep into her vagina! And slowly lowered herself onto the black python and said, "Seed me, let's make a baby...Please Master I'm begging you!" Slowing dropping her full weight on him and with a pop he was in her cervix! And she began riding him hard!
The big man stunned at the developments! The Bull sat back as she did all the work. He could feel the ring sliding about and eventually it made it onto his mushroom tip. Her eyes not leaving his again as he bellowed and exploded seeding the wife and mother as well as her wedding rings! Lindsey smiled and collapsed on top of him!
Darius lifted the woman off him. As he slid out of her, their juices poured out of her along with her rings coated in the Mandingo's semen! Dropping in the spot where her husband slept. Tossing the debutante aside like a discarded toy. Darius got up and headed for the shower. Not wanting to go home to his beautiful 28 year old black wife covered in a white whores fluids.
Once again Lindsey found herself curled up in the fetal again staring at her semen covered wedding rings! "Oh... Why! What's wrong with me?" Feeling lonely and empty she wept and thought, "Maybe he's right, I'm nothing but a whore! How can I fix this? Why would I cheat on my loving husband? And all the time the bedroom door completely open and a house full of guests." Her thoughts disrupted as Darius step from the bathroom refreshed, dressed and looking like something out of GQ.
The big man walked over to her dresser and picked up his smart phone and turned off the record button and said, "I left instructions for you on your dresser. Don't even think of not following them to the letter!"
Seeing that she had been video recorded the mature wife howled and screamed, "WHY, Darius, why..." Getting up onto all fours and breasts swinging like utters! Love bites all over her her pale body with red blotches on various parts of her body! Looking completely fucked and used! "I gave myself to you! I Fully submitted to you! Why, I even let you cum in me! The first semen in me in almost 18 years! Oh... God! Why?"
The Mandingo walked over to the bed in anger and grabbed the white woman by the hair and pulled her off the ground to within an inch of his face!
"Get to know your fucking history bitch! In the 1850s my great, great Grandfather was a slave on your Grandfather's Plantation! Unholy things took place there! And now unholy things will happen in this bedroom! And you will pay the price of your ancestors sins you stupid WHORE! And you gave me nothing! I took and will continue to take what I want from you! You submit because deep down you know this is the natural order of things!"
And with that he unzipped his pants and pulled out his hardening cock and started too vigorously stroke his black python! As he leaked pre cum he wiped it on her cheeks and in a fit of anger he ejaculated all over her face and breasts! He then wiped his cock off on her face and said, "Don't even think about showering! You are to go downstairs smelling like the slut you are!"
Stunned and shaking and broken she looked up at him and said, "Yes... Master."
He tightened his grip on her hair and said, You're completely useless to me unless you're pregnant with my child!" Darius bent over as though he would kiss and as she opened to except his tongue he spat in her mouth, then tossed her to the bed like a rag doll.
"Get downstairs slave! The evening has just begun!" as her walked out the door.
Lindsey laid there in the juices that she and her lover had created over the last hour and a half! Weeping at the thought of the runaway train she allowed to take place in her home. Guilt ridden she laid praying she was not pregnant! Do to her religion she had never taken birth control and an abortion was simple out of the question! She kept going back asking herself over and over again. "Why she would ask a black man to inseminate her?" Assisting him be fully submitting mind, body and soul!
Ding, Ding! Her smart phone went off. Leaning over to the nightstand she picked up the phone and found a message from her husband. "Hey are you okay?"
She quickly typed back, "Yes she was fine had just finished showing the house to Darius and wanted to change because she had spilled wine on her dress."
"Okay thanks for helping with Darius, I love you!"
"love you too..."
Then looking about the room seeing her torn dress, robe and her black lace bra scattered about the floor. She felt shame as everything she worn for her husband was given to another man!
Looking up, she saw the open door to the hall and nearly screamed! She quickly picked up her robe! Wrapping it around her as she sprinted into the hall searching for the black lace panties! But they were no where to be found!
"Oh... My God! Where are they? Did someone find them? Perhaps watching the unholy mating! God... No, please!"
Then she saw them crumbled in the corner. Picking them up she felt the pre cum and knew someone had watched! "Oh God! who?" She wondered.
The mature women walked into the bedroom, locking the door behind her. Lindsey shivered as she retrieved Darius's note and it read. "DO NOT CHANGE OR CLEAN THE SHEETS! Remake the bed so it's ready for your husband. You are not shower or wash up and put your used panties back on! You may reapply your makeup. I've laid out a dress and shoes for you in your walk in closet to wear at the party this evening. At the party you may call me Mr. Johnson in public. You will ask me to dance a slow number with you in front of your husband and his friends. During the dance make sure you find a way to show your submission to your Master!"
"Ohh, no!" She moaned thinking 'this is simply not done in southern society! I will be ruined!"
The note went on. "At the end of the evening you take your husband upstairs and seduce him in your bed. And you are to make him eat my seed from your pussy before you fuck him! HaHa, perhaps he can retrieve it all so you don't end with a black baby! Record it on your phone and text the video to me! Remember your only purpose in life is to serve me Slave!"
She fell back against the mahogany dresser and dropped the note. "My life is over, she whispered."
Pulling herself together she walked about and cleaned up the room. Then the lithe like woman went to the closet and was stunned by the dress waiting for her!
It was a white spandex form fitting nightgown slip like dress with built in lace bra with underwire cups! It literally looked like the user was wearing there a form fitting painted on slip/bra combination! It was from her Stewardess days 25 years ago when overseas she would go dancing with friends.
"Ohh, no! Please Master, no..." She quietly dropped her robe and put on the black lace panties still soaked with her seepage. She then tried to get the dress on which was a real struggle!
The mature woman while still very beautiful was no longer 21 and increased a couple of dress sizes in the over two decades and three children that followed. Finally she got into it and it felt more like a shaper than a dress since it was so tight. Adjusting her breasts into the built in lace bra. She then stepped into the bright red 6 inch platform high heels.
Looking in the full length mirror she saw a whore staring back at her. Her breasts now over almost a full cup larger than years ago. Overflowing the underwire bra pushed both breasts together making for massive amounts of cleavage looking obscene! The entire top of her chest was uncovered except for the the bra straps. Multiple bite marks shown about her neck and breasts with red blotches on different parts of her pale skin.
Perhaps worst of all was the black French cut panties and matching garter belt that clearly showed through the spandex white dress! She started to weep as she looked at herself! Completely stunned she found herself weeping between her legs as well!
Quietly she said "Come on Lindsey! Hold it together, you will get though this!" As she applied fresh makeup using foundation makeup to help cover up the bite marks. Lastly she put on her wedding rings and headed down the stairs.
Denise was waiting at the bottom of the stairs with many of the other wives who stared at the the 45 year southern Bell dressed like a whore!
"Lindsey you look marvelous. So youthful." snickered Denise. "We were just talking about having more children at our age."
"Can you Imagine? How about you? You're not that old to have another child. Have you considered it my dear?"
The black woman stared at her and said, "I can just picture you pregnant with a bulging belly and big breasts filled with milk!" Patting her slight bump that was accentuated by the skin tight dress! The other women bursting into laughter
Lindsey stared at the beautiful black woman unable to speak. As Denise stared back into the strawberry blonde's eyes effectively communicating she was aware of the impregnation that took place upstairs!
Just then the band started to play "Pride and Joy" and Denise said, "Ohh I love this song! Come on ladies lets dance!"
They dragged Lindsey to the dance floor. It's a real bluesy tune with a lot of bump and grind. Lindsey was embarrassed as she begin to move to the music, her breasts jiggling along with her hips! Lindsey was somewhat jealous as she glanced at Denise's perfect 28 year old teardrop breasts barely moving even though she were braless! They moved together with impressive rhythm! Dancing together the two women were the picture of desire! Denise got closer and bumped and grind against the white woman running her slender black hands up the side of her body! Starting at the hips and slowly running them over the side swells of her breasts shaming and enticing the southern belle. As the song went on Lindsey thought it best to go with the flow. She did not want to mess up her husbands deal.
As the song was wrapping up Denise spun the white women around pressing her beautiful breasts into her back and whispering into her ear with her throaty voice "Was this the first time you've been blacked?"
Lindsey welling up with tears turned to the woman grinning from ear to ear. Lindsey felt like the slave in the presence of the Mistress's house.
Denise laughed and said, "blacked, you know danced with a Black person?" But the intention was crystal clear!
"Aw, yes Denise this was the first time," her voice cracking. Will you please excuse me I must find my husband."
"Of course my Pet. But never forget it takes nine months to recover from the dance!" snickered Denise.
Lindsey made her way though the crowd many of the men opening staring at the generous amount of creamy breast on display. Just then Lindsey came face to face with Rev. Snow. Lindsey immediately crossed her arms covering up as much as possible.
"Hello Pastor, are you enjoying yourself?"
"Yes my dear, but we still have not had our dance?" replied the Pastor. "It's such a beautiful evening why don't we dance outside by the Moonlite."
Together they danced with other couples to "Mama's don't let your baby's grow up to be cowboys." Then the Pastor said, "Do think Jesus would approve of the way you are dressed this evening young lady?"
Aw, I'm not sure, probably not Pastor, I'm sorry.
"Well since you're not sure, You need to be in my church office this Friday at 4pm and be certain you are dressed the exact same way young Lady!"
The song ended and the troubled woman said, "Yes Pastor Snow."
Lindsey continued to move though the crowd drinking as much wine as she get her hands on. Saying hello when she came across people she knew. Finally she found her husband Joe. He was with a large group of men overlooking those dancing. The men were sharing cigars and brandy talking as men do.
Darius looked over his conquered Lamb pleased that she had followed his instructions to this point.
"Mrs. Branson, I thoroughly enjoyed the tour of your impressive property!"
"Thank you Mr. Johnson, I am certain you felt at home," she said rather curtly!
It was very uncomfortable being together with her husband and Black Adonis. The wave of emotions were so strong her eyes were welling up with tears from the guilt and shame as an adulteress.
Just then the band announced that this would be the last song of the evening and they started to play the introduction to the country song "From this Moment On."
With a tear steaming down her cheek she said, Mr. Johnson, I believe they're playing our song. May I have the pleasure of this dance?
"My pleasure, Mrs Branson." as he extended an arm.
Instead she offered her hand to him which he took and let the white woman lead the black man to the dance floor showing she was the aggressor.
It was at that moment that a somewhat drunk Joe realized how his wife was dressed like a complete slut in the skin tight white nightgown dress! Her entire upper body exposed except for two small lace bra cups covering her large breasts! The conservative Decon was getting pissed! He could not believe his wife had so little on but did not interrupt because he really needed the deal with Darius.
Darius put one hand on Lindsey's lower back and extended his left arm which was tradition with unmarried couples. But Lindsey much to everyone's surprise reached up high nearly on her tip toes and wrapped both arms around the powerful black mans neck!
Darius shook his head no but Lindsey took each of his hands and placed them on her lower back on the hump of her ass and then reached up and wrapped her arms around his neck and interlocked her fingers!
Darius moved his hands up higher on her waist. It was important for this plan that he appear white as snow to anyone watching.
Anyone watching was stunned and now staring as though they were the only couple out there! Joe Branson was seeing a different side of his conservative wife. Wondering what folks thought in the conservative Southern community of his white wife opening flirting with a black man.
Then Joe noticed he was getting rapidly hard and quickly moved to behind the bar so no one would notice the his fully extended 8 inches. Stunned that he would have such a reaction he continued to focus on the couple as they moved as one! Lindsey moved in and closed the gap pressing herself against the big man!
The couple stood out as though there was a spot light on them! The muscular 6' 5" black Adonis in a tailored black suit and the pale white mature woman standing 5' 8" tall with strawberry blonde hair wearing a skin tight white spandex dress! Her garter straps have come into view as soon as her arms stretched up to reach around his neck. The belle began to gyrate her hips slowly into his package!
One man commented, "Will you look at that! The song hasn't even begun and think she may go down on him at any moment!"
The female singer started too singing. The first lyrics were, "From this moment life has begun. From this moment you are the one. And right beside you is where I belong. I live for your happiness. From this moment on."
Lindsey could not believe the lyrics as they rung in her ears! To be out there on display to all of her friends and family and knowing that the black man expected her to showcase her submission! She looked into the black mans eyes as he looked right threw her as though she didn't exist.
She started to weep and said, "Please Master, I've already submitted twice! I'm more than likely pregnant with your child growing inside me as we dance! Do you have to break me in front of everyone who matters in my life?"
"You worthless whore! You still don't get it! I own you! You live only for me now! Don't look at me you stupid slut! Look out there, your husband, children, family and friends and your beloved community. That was your life! And now I am your life!"
Tears steaming down her cheeks she realized her nipples had become so hard they could cut glass! The debutante could feel juices dripping down her legs! "Why could this man turn her to jello at the drop of a dime?" The worse he treated her the more she clung to him!
Lindsey weeping tears looked deep into her Masters eyes and began to sing to him in front of everyone. "From this moment life has begun. From this moment you the only one. From this moment I live for your happiness. From this moment on."
They swayed to the music with grace and were the center of attention. Even Darius wife Denise watched with glee as the white women degraded herself to the entire community!
As the band started its final chorus, Lindsey hesitated and finally moved a hand down from his neck and touched his lower lip with her long slender index finger! Looking into his eyes she sang along with the band.
"From this moment. As long as I live I will love you. I promise you this. There is nothing I wouldn't give. From this moment, I will love you as long as I live. From this moment on!"
As the song ended the couples clapped and started to move apart. Darius removed his hands dropping them to his side.
Lindsey backed away a step and slid her hands away from his neck and down his huge chest pausing for a moment and mumbled.
"This is it." And stepped forward in the middle of the dance floor running her hands slowly up his chest and bringing them up to the sides of his face! The southern belle leaned forward stepping up on her tippy toes of the bright red 6" platform heels, This caused her lace topped stockings to show and much of her black garter straps! Her mature breasts crushing into his chest!
Reaching her head up as high as possible she tilted her head and moved her lips to within a millimeter and said, "I surrender. Thy will be done," and kissed him with the passion of a virgin being taken!
There were audible gasps from the crowd and Joe Branson was blown away as he watched his wife attempting to seduce a black man in front of everyone they knew!
Denise came up behind Joe and whispered, "Don't you think they make a delicious couple" she giggled.
Darius had to appear as the innocent victim and played the part to perfection. The perfect gentleman leaving his hands at his sides.
Denise wanted to defuse the situation, as the humiliation went further than her and Darius intended at this point in there devious plan to destroy the Branson's.
The power couple had not counted on Lindsey being so easily manipulated and broken. Lindsey was one of the prominent and most respected women in the community as well as a loving wife and mother. The through background investigation found nothing on the entire family except the naked picture from 1980 major mens magazine! The naked stewardess picture was far from pornographic and didn't think it would yield such results so soon.
"Mr Branson, Please don't be angry with your wife. She just had a bit too much to drink. I think she's delightful and want to get to know her better!" Denise said.
"Thanks Mrs. Johnson, however her behavior is inexcusable! I apologize we have shamed your family."
"Mr Branson, Joe if I may? Joe, Darius and you are without a doubt the most desirable men in the community. I'm sure women from time to time fall all over you?" Denise looked like she was undressing him with her eyes. Then sticking her chest out further making more of her perfect twenty eight year old breasts to become visible her nipples showing clearly under her dress!
"If I had a drink or two more I might have attacked you myself." she said in her best southern accent.
Joe was gushing and the situation was close to being defused.
Then Denise knocked it out of the park and said, "I'm going to suggest to my husband to negotiate a deal with you! And a very big part of that is how accommodating and understanding Lindsey has been to myself and Darius. She's a fine christian women and I know we will all become the best of friends!"
"Wow Mrs Johnson! I don't know what to say! Thank you!" said Joe.
"Our pleasure, and I'm so interested to get to know you and find out what makes you tick as well."
Looking him over like a slab of meat who would soon be nothing more than a servant. She would work on getting to know the entire family and then find and exploit their weaknesses.
Lindsey was literally trying to make love to the black man with her mouth. She pulled back for a moment a string of her spit attached to their lips and turned to looked at the shocked crowd.
Tuning back to the Mandingo she smiled and moved in like a cat pouncing of her prey and sunk her tongue into his mouth!
The belle kissed him as though he was her soulmate! Soon she began trembling and then shaking! Moaning she opened her mouth wide and tilting her head back a bit leaving only her bottom lip clinging to his lips and screamed!
"Darius I'mmmm... Ohhhh no," and started to climax uncontrollably! moaning like a slut! Then as the climax was subsiding she was hit by a second larger wave and began crying out!
"Ohhhh... Darius, Darius... Dar... Awwww" as she squirted and ejaculated between their legs leaving a puddle on the dance floor!
As the she finished she whispered, "I love you." And gave him a lite but soulful kiss.
All of a sudden Lindsey's best friend Katie Wentworth came and shuffled Lindsey off the dance floor saying come on honey. "I think you had too much to drink."
Lindsey was stunned and overwhelmed with the entire day. She had never cum without having sex before and never squirted in all her life! As they walked though the crowd, people opening stared some laughed at the humiliated debutante! Her soaked bottom half now was transparent! The black French cut panties and matching garter suspender was completely visible!
Katie rushed Lindsey upstairs to the Master suite and locked the door behind them. Ushering her friend to the Master Bathroom helping her into a chair.
Lindsey sobbed and said "Katie I need to pee." And made her way to the toilet. The drunk woman struggled to pull up the skin tight spandex dress do to it being a few sizes too small. Katie got up and started to help her as Lindsey said,
"Katie, I threw away my life tonight"
As Katie got the dress over her friends's hips and knelt down and started to undo her garter straps looked up at her friend and said.
"Are you kidding honey, that was perhaps the most erotic thing I've ever witnessed! I am so turned on I'm going to jump my hubby Ashley as soon as we get home!"
Katie started to slip her friends sopping panties down her legs and said.
"That man is a beautiful specimen, but, a black man? You have more guts than I gave you credit for."
Katie lifted up a leg to remove the panty and Lindsey stopped her as she sat on the toilet.
"Katie you can't remove my panties! I must wear them though the evening! My Mast... I mean, I dressed this way for Joe and he has to unwrap me tonight."
"Its okay baby girl." And Katie knelt down on the heated tile floor and said "I will put them on the heated towel wall for a bit."
And began to lift each platform stiletto and removed her panties. Lindsey immediately began to pee. Katie glanced up at her friend who stared back! The 47 year old voluptuous brunette unable to stop staring into her deep blue eyes!
Katie glancing between the woman's long legs watching the stream of pee and up into Lindsey's deep green eyes Katie said, "You are so gorgeous! I have no idea how Darius could hold back and not rape you on the dance floor."
"Oh... Katie" Lindsey moaned, her eyes welling up! Not certain how much she should share, broke eye contact reaching for the toilet paper the sheets spinning to the floor.
Katie blushed and giggled and said, "You are so high maintenance, I'll do it."
The brunette rolled up the paper and ripped off a couple of few squares. The two women making eye contact as Katie still on her knee's in front of the former debutante! Tenderly she brought her hand to Lindsey's as she handed her the toilet tissue. Lindsey was trembling as their hands touched.
"Your shivering baby girl," Katie said. Suddenly her childhood nickname took on a whole knew meaning!
Katie never broke eye contact and she placed the toilet tissue in Lindsey's trembling hand and dropped her hands to Lindsey's knee's and said.
"This never happened baby girl and we will never speak of it!"
Lindsey nodded, as Katie softly parted Lindsey's legs! Katie then reached up and took the toilet tissue and went between her legs and gently began to wipe her vagina clean! Lindsey began to further tremble as Katie gently patted her private's! Both women's breathing began to labor somewhat. Neither belle was a lesbian and both were very happily married. Both struggled to comprehend the rapidly changing atmosphere in the bedroom!
The voluptuous brunette stopped wiping and dropped the tissue into the toilet bowl. Katie then lowered her eye's from her friend's beautiful face. Pausing momentarily at the gold crucifix and then looking directly at her pale breasts overflowing out of her dress. Tepidly she continued down past her womanly pouch exaggerated by sitting on the toilet. Katie now focused in on Lindsey's strawberry blonde pubic hair. Intensely staring at it as though it was food for the soul! The minutes turned to hours as Katie shed a tear and her voice trembling asked.
"Are you dry, or should I get another tissue?"
The lovely Southern Bell tried to look in Katie's eyes but they were completely focused on her Georgia peaches!
"Katie... Katie." She finally lifted her eye's to hers.
"We should be getting back to the party, please Sweet pea..." she whimpered.
Katie rose up onto her knee's looking hungrily Into the Lindsey's beautiful green eyes and in a throaty voice asked, Are you still wet baby doll?"
"Ohhh... God! Katie this is so wrong! Its... adultery that we will... Oh... please don't." There was a long pause as Lindsey began to tear up.
"Baby doll... Are you still wet?" As Katie moved up to be eye level with her cleavage!
"Were late for the... party... I can't." Lindsey sighed.
"Baby doll, answer me! Are you still wet?"
"Oh, my God, forgive me! Yes, sweet pea, I'm... wet." she whispered.
Katie smiled a sexy grin and reached her arms up to Lindsey's spaghetti bra straps and began to lower them! Gently lowering both bra cups exposing both motherly breasts! Katie immediately began manipulating her left breast and lightly tweaked her stone hard nipple! It was a warm gentle touch much different than the animalistic way in which Darius used her lovely body.
"Just lay back and let sweet pea do all the work." Katie lowered her right hand and sought Lindsey's clitoris and began to rub two fingers in a gentle motion!
Lindsey tilted her head back and began to openly moaned saying, "sweet pea... Fuck! Ohhhh... So... Good!" Her breathing growing faster!
Katie took her hand off her breast and took both hands pulling up the white dress as high as it would go! Then reaching up and grabbing Lindsey's chin and forced her to look her in the eye! Katie's breath labored as she said,
"Baby doll... I'm gonna fuck you with my fingers now!"
"Ohh, Katie... I don't know..."
Katie grabbed her left leg pulling it over her left knee and placed her left hand on Lindsey's tiny pouch to hold up the dress! Applying pressure to upturn her vagina and looking Lindsey deeply the eyes! She brought her index finger to her own mouth and sucked on it! Pulling it out of her mouth she slowly put her finger inside Lindsey!
"Ohhh... my God! Lindsey moaned!"
"Dose my finger feel good baby doll?" Katie purred.
"Yes... Don't stop... please!" bellowed Lindsey!
Katie was stymied how loose Lindsey was and thought. "My God, Joe must be huge!"
The brunette put another finger in her but it was loose as a mud puddle! Katie pulled her fingers out of the southern belle and got a huge grin on her face. She brought her right hand up to her face, smiled wide and licked both sides of her hand! Then slowly inserted her entire hand into her baby doll!
Lindsey screamed, "sweet pea, Ohhhhh... my!" She immediately climaxed! Leaning over hanging on to Katie's shoulders.
Katie removed her fist and gave Lindsey a soulful kiss!
Just then there was a knock at the door. It was her husband Joe!
"Honey are you okay? Everyone is starting to depart and the Johnson's are asking for you?"
Still breathing heavily Lindsey replied. "Yes sweetheart. Katie is helping me freshen up. We will be right down."
Katie helped her friend up and they got straightened up. Katie said, "No worries Baby doll! I'll be by your side." And the women headed downstairs.
The women freshened, Katie looking like a stunning southern belle and Lindsey still looked like a hooker who was road hard and put away wet! She did put on her used black panties back on as Darius had ordered as they stuck out like a neon lite!
The Johnson's were near the front of the line as guests were departing. Joe and Lindsey with Katie by her side thanked folks for a lovely evening. As the Johnson's approached Lindsey took Katie's hand and started to tremble. The Johnson's stepped up and offered their hand to Joe who thanked the power couple.
Lindsey well up with tears and began to apologize and Denise interrupted and said "My dear Lindsey, please! It's silly things that makes it a party! No worries my dear."
Lindsey bowed like an old southern servant to the Master and took Darius hand and kissed his wedding ring and then did the same to Denise.
Guests behind the power couple were stunned at the deference shown to the black couple. Capitalizing on the situation Denise quickly embraced Lindsey and whispered in her ear, "We own you Slut!"
Lindsey quaking in her arms whimpered, "Yes Mistress".
Not sure what made her call her Mistress! Wondering where it would all end she said her goodnights to all and asked her husband to take her up to bed.
Joe was tipsy and got ready for bed with a shower. Lindsey stayed in the Suite not changing out of her slut ware, as she hesitated to do the degrading sexual act that Darius wanted to happen. Whimpering she set up her smart phone to record the degrading act. Once again submitting to the Mandingo! She would yet again betray her sweet husband!
Then the six muscular man returned in boxers and climbed into bed. Joe was tipsy and sleepy. Lindsey turned on the CD player and hit play as she started dancing! Moving her sexy hips, her breasts jiggling as she started a striptease to the song.
"Save a horse, ride a cowboy!"
Joe's boxers were quickly tenting as he never saw his wife like this! The typical lithe women struggled to get out of the painted on dress, but finally succeeded. Leaving her in just the French cut panties, garter belt and thigh high stockings! She danced well in her red platform shoes! The mature wife was getting into the striptease as she suddenly realized she was performing not for her husband, but for her Master! As she attempted to sway to the music as sexy as possible. She thought back to Darius being so deep inside her! Seeding her twice the belle climaxed as she danced!
She seductively climbed on the bed on all fours! Running her tongue up his leg! Her breasts flopping around like utters as she bit Joe's boxers and pulled them down with her teeth!
Joe groaned as she worked her way up to his 8" cock and quickly engulfed it to the balls! Quickly working him into a frenzy to the point of ejaculation! And then stopped!
The Southern bell came up and kissed her husband wondering if he could smell Darius's cologne? She leaded over Joe, her utters leaning over his face.
Out of his mind he took a nipple into her mouth! Lindsey smothered both breasts onto his face and orgasmed! Sent over the edge by the thought of Joe licking the cum from Darius off her breasts!
Lindsey slowly got up and stood up on the bed hovering over her husband. Swaying her hips she unclipped each garter suspender paving the way for her husbands present!
She then dropped down on her knees with her legs split between her husbands neck! She smiled and found herself soaking wet as she said in a throaty voice, "Rip them off Mama!"
Joe groaned and ripped them to pieces! And she swiftly took both his arms and put them up against the mahogany headboard! Sitting on his upper arms with her shins! Pinned to the bed and stunned he never experienced this type of aggression from Lindsey!
"Joseph you are going to take care of Mama for once tonight!" She felt a twinge of guilt as she looked at the phone recording the couple! Then lowered her vagina over her husbands mouth. He was fighting!
"Lindsey...have you lost your mind! We never do cunnilingus! This is sick... It's wrong. He cried out!"
"Joseph... Joseph, look at me! The eye's tell it all! This is going to be unholy! But deep down you crave this! And... This is your destiny!" A tear welled up in her eyes as she choked out. "This is my destiny! Now open up for Mama"
He moaned and she looked back and flicked his rock hard penis with her index finger! Joe slowly opened his mouth and tepidly licked her pubic hair mated with dry cum!
Lindsey grinned and was getting off treating her husband as poorly as Darius treated her! She then spread her legs and he looked up into the red bruised gapping hole! Large globs of the Mandingo's cum started to enter his mouth! His eye's went wide as the salty liquid poured own his throat!
The whole time the song "Save a horse, Ride a cowboy," was on an endless loop! The southern belle road him like a bull rider! Grinding her giggling hips with absolute precision! Her breasts bounced in rhythm to the music until she climaxed collapsing onto of him! When she thought all the semen was gone! She took her hand and pressed it into her small pouch, squeezing a bit more out and into his mouth!
Lindsey lifted her legs and let his arms free. As she hovered over his chest, one last glob of Darius's semen landed on Joe's muscular chest. Lindsey picked it up with two fingers and brought it up to Joe's nose! Then smeared Darius cum on her husband's lips! Joe hungrily licked her fingers!
Linsey roiled off him and said, "Hang on, I've got to pee."
Joe then said. "Please... Make love to me when you return my love!"
Lindsey turned back gave him a sultry look! The once loving wife and mother thought. "We aren't going to make love! We are going to fuck for my Master! I will use you, as Darius used me!"
The pee dribbled into the ivory toilet as she thought of her beautiful Katie on her knee's before her! "Ohhh"... she moaned as she gently wiped herself.
Rising up she stopped to wash her hands and looked into the mirror. She surprised herself as she picked a washcloth and filled it with soap. Proceeding to wash off all of the foundation makeup she used to cover her love bites and hickey's on her neck, breasts and belly!
Lindsey returned to the Master Suite and sat on the edge of the bed. The wife then reached to the nightstand for a condom again seeing the picture of her husband and children. Guilt again periced her thoughts as she thought about what she was about to do.
"Honey, I know you always wanted another child. "Lets make a baby!" Joe whispered.
She trembled as she thought about the unholy insemination that took place in his bed just a few hours ago.
"No Joseph" she whispered as she opened the condom and slowly spread it over his 8" member!
The trembling wife and mother regretting her thoughts that she didn't want her own husband's semen competing with the black man's!
She climbed atop her husband and fell into him! Sitting up 5" and looked down to make sure she made not missed inserting the penis!
"You ruined me Master!" she whispered.
"What honey?" Joe asked.
"Nothing my sweet," A tear running down her cheek as she started to ride him.
He closed his eye's and groaned as her hips continued to the rhythm of the song! Lindsey again looked over at her phone and started to get breathing harder and looked down at her husband and said.
"Joseph... Joe, look at me....please!"
The loving husband looked up into his loving wife's eyes. A tears slowly fell on her husband's muscular chest when she started to speak.
"Joseph, Joe... Look at all of me!"
His eye's looked the hair a mess with dried cum! Then slowly lowing his eye's to her neck, he found hickeys on her neck and love bites! Looking further down his wife's body to see the dried cum and love bites all over her belly and bobbling breasts! Love bites and red blotches strewn about her body! Looking like a whore left over from a gang bang!
The belle reached up and grabbed the top of the mahogany headboard with both hands and picked up her pace and looked into his eyes with a sultry look! The shocked humiliated knowing look on his face was what she NEEDED! And she began to moan as a wanton whore as she started an earthshaking climax!
"Ohh... Master! Mass... I... Lov... Ahhh... she screamed! Hanging no tight as she arched her back and gripped the headboard with her nails!
She got off degrading the love of her life by deliberately flaunting her used body to her husband! Wanting him to know she had been marked by another man! A black man who she was now committed solely to him!
Joe moaned Baby... Ohhhhh... My... So... Awww! And climaxed harder than he ever did in his entire life! As many thoughts ran threw his mind!
Lindsey immediately got off of her husband leaving his spent condom covered cock to lop on his thigh! Treating her husband as though he were nothing more than a piece of meat for her to discard!
She pored a glass of Pinot Noir and started to walk away. She stopped and paused, then turned around and picked the bottle of wine. Thinking to herself, "I'm going to need quite a bit of this for what I"m about to do next!"
The lithe wife then walked into the bathroom and locked the door. Then stripped off her last article of clothing her garter and stepped into the walk in bathtub.
A half hour later and two glasses of wine later. She stepped out of the bath and went to the mirror. She took out an old curling iron that she hadn't used in some time, curled and teased her hair. Then adding considerable hairspray, desperate to make it look as it did 25 years ago! Spending more time on her hair than if she were heading out on a special date with the hubby.
The lovely lady then moved into the walk in closet sitting at her dressing table. She began to carefully applied makeup to her beautiful face. Digging though her makeup drawer she found that old 1970's blue eye shadow and applied it. Thinking to herself, "debutante, southern bell, loving wife and mother. Boy you're really fucked upped Lindsey!"
She then deliberately didn't bother to coverup any of the love bites or hickey's scattered about her body. Then painted her nails and toenails a very bright red and waited for them to dry. And then adding a generous amount of perfume behind her ears as well as her chest and hips! The Bell then put on large good hoop earrings and removed her gold crucifix!
She got up still naked and walked to the rear of the closet. Stretching to reach the top shelve pulling down a white sealed Dry Cleaners box and set it on a table. Breaking the seal and opening the box reviled her long Satin and lace ivory Bridal Robe and nightgown from her wedding night of twenty two years ago. Along with the robe were matching French cut panties, white lace topped stocking and a long matching nightgown.
Shaking her head she grabbed the silk stockings and put them on. She then opened a shoe drawer and looked up to top and found her shoes from her wedding. White pumps with three inch heels that still fit! Lindsey then took the robe and put it on and tied the sash.
She started to leave and stopped herself and went back to the table and removed her robe. Naked now except for the heels she picked up her wedding night panties and somberly put them thinking. "Well, everyone deserves a present to open." And slid them on! They were somewhat tight as her hips had widened some and her tiny but cute pouch stuck out a bit. "I pray he likes them!" She slipped into her wedding night robe tying the sash and walked over to the full length mirror.
The robe was practically transparent! Shaking her head she took of the robe and reached for the nightgown and stopped! "Your really messed up debutante" she whispered. As she sat down and picked up her Rouge Cloud Paint and carefully applied it to pink areola's making them much darker!
She then rose and put on the robe and and tied the sash looking at herself in the mirror. The woman looked as pretty as on her wedding night when she presented herself to the newlywed husband. However with the love bites and hickeys, as well her nipples lit up like a Christmas tree! She was definitely no virgin!
She headed out into the bedroom and pored another glass of Noir and then walked in front of the video recording that was still taking place. Looking directly into the camera while glancing at her husband threw the dresser's mirror she said.
"Did you enjoy eating out Mama tonight my dear?"
Shyly he whispered with a groan! Yes...
With a sultry smile and a throaty voice she said. "Good, because I'm fairly certain Mama's going to need to cleaned out a lot!" As she stared into the camera taking a gulp of wine.
Then she picked up her phone and ended the video and placed the smart phone into her the pocket of her robe. Walking over to her husband who was engrossed in Sports Center on the television. He failed to noticed his loving wife dressed as a present to be unwrapped! The southern belle bent over and lightly kissed her husband on his cheek. Careful to smudge her ruby red lipstick as she said.
"I'm going to check on our son, he never made it down to the party."
"Sounds good baby, I will more than likely be fast asleep by the time you return."
"Ohhh, I'm certain you will! She said in a throaty voice as she closed the bedroom door behind her.
Lindsey leaned back against the closed bedroom door and fought to keep herself from hyperventilating! She thought of the unholy thinks that took place under the roof of her home! As she felt the wanting! No it was an absolute need to do the most unholy of things. She was drawn like a moth the the flame! As she walked to her 19 year olds son's room!
Steve sat at his desk researching on his desktop computer with breakneck pace!
Searching the internet for stewardesses who posed naked in a mens magazine. He researched the archives of Playboy, Penthouse and Hustler as well as others. He found nothing. He then searched his mothers' maiden name with the hash tag stewardesses and there it was! An article on how his Mother and a couple of other women lost their jobs for posing nude in a story entitled, "Stewardesses! A Glorious Pictorial!" from 1980.
After that he quickly found the pictorial and scrolled downtime page and then Jackpot!!!
There on his computer screen was his lovely mother! Completely naked except for a full length ivory shawl draped loosely over her shoulders covering one breast!
The boy was amazed as he stared at the young woman barely any older than himself! Tall and slender with a absolutely lithe perfect figure! Her reddish blonde hair a tad shorter than present and pulled back with that teased big hair that was popular back in the day!
She knelt on a hardwood floor with a fireplace mantel. To her right with glowing embers. Her beautiful face looking down tilted to the left with eye's closed. That 70's blue eye shadow covering her eyelids!
Continuing down he came upon her magnificent b cup breast! Much to his delight he could make out the tan lines from her rather sexy bikini! Her bikini line literally less than a half inch above her pink areola! His mom was a babe!
Traveling downward there was no womanly pouch but a strongly indented stomach with not an ounce on fat to be found anywhere!
Then traveling further down her legs, held tight together and slanted to the right. Slender, beautiful and long hiding all but the very top of the prize he desperately sought! The top inch of her pubic hair exposed!
Steve's cock was hard as steel! And his hours of hunting had paid off! Next to his Mother's naked picture was yet another picture of her in her stewardess uniform!
She was smiling pouring coffee and her son noticed no ring as she was yet to be married!
Lindsey was now climbing the stairs to the third floor of their spacious home praying to God to give her strength to turn around and try to put her life together! As she reached the top of the top of the stairs she sat for a moment in the foyer.
She felt her phone buzz with a text and opened it. It was Darius and said. "I'm waiting Whore!"
She started to tremble and a tears started to steam down her face. "Oh God why! Why am I unable to resist this man who is out to destroy me and my family!"
With that she attached the video of her Cuckolding her husband and typed in. "Thy will be done, Master" And hit the send button saying! "May God forgive me!"
"I have just betrayed my husband yet again! I sent a humiliating video of my naked husband eating a Bull's cum!"
She laid her phone on a table and got up hoping her children were asleep. Not wanting them to hear the unholy union that quite possibly was going to take place! Most of all since she had no willpower left, she prayed Steve was asleep to avoid what she knew must take place!
She reached Steve's door and hesitated, leaning against the door jamb. She listened and heard nothing and pulled herself upright. "Perhaps he is sleeping." She thought as she instinctively adjusted her wedding robe lapel to show more cleavage and loosened the sash! Slipping inside the door saying to herself,"I'll just make sure he's okay."
Steve was still in a daze sitting at his desk staring at a much younger naked version of his sweet Mother!
"Hi, I hope I didn't disturb you?" She said in a rather sultry voice!
The young son startled looked up and said, "Hi Mom... No... I, I was just finishing up some research."
Lindsey looked like an angel in the dark room, As the Moonlite shown though his windows casting a warm glow on the southern belle! The glow highlighted her near transparent long silk robe. His mother was naked underneath! Her hard nipples clearly showing though the lovely silk robe!
Steve unabashedly looked over his Mother like an animal at feeding time! She looked much like the naked picture had been staring at for the last few hours. Her hair exactly like the big teased 70s style that he loved. Her makeup done to perfection right down to the blue eyelashes! Her cleavage far exceeded the small b cup of 25 years ago! Traveling downward he saw the 1970's style lace panties under the robe! Leaving no doubt they were her wedding night wrapping!
She was the picture of poise and grace and started to move across the room towards him! Her breasts bobbled even though she moved agonizingly slow! The Bell's eye's locked on the those of the staring young man! She watched as he gazed over her mature body! Hoping against hope he would find her acceptable!
Suddenly the loving mother came to abrupt stop! Their eye's frozen to one another forever it seemed! Time stood still as she slowly turned around and headed to the door! She stood in front of the door her hand reached for the knob and she heard her son mutter,
"Mama..."
The southern bell paused, then slowly took her hand off the door knob and locked the door!
Her son started to tremble and quickly closed the computer window containing the naked picture of his Mother! And was completely mesmerized at the woman as she came over and sat on the edge of his desk.
"I missed you at the party." Never breaking her eye contact.
"Sorry, I... I had the most unusual day." He choked, avoiding eye contact.
"Tell me about it! I... ruined my, Oh... Son. She sighed. So... Did you find what you were looking for in your research?" She asked shyly.
His eyes drifting down to her pale cleavage he mumbled, "Yes Mom."
There was a long pause as she looked over her strapping 6' 1" son the way a mother should never do and said,
"And were you pleased with your findings Darlin?"
He swelled at the sweet way she said darlin and said. "Oh yes Mom, exquisite! More than I ever dared dream!" Whispering...
"I'm glad you were not disappointed. I... hoped you would be pleased." The southern belle slowly crossed her legs and let the robe fall from her legs exposing her V shape lace panties between her legs! Steve couldn't miss the damp gusset and the womanly scent! Her wedding Stiletto's came into view and the the young man's penis started to rapidly grow!
"You look incredible Mom! I don't think I've ever seen that robe before." Openly staring at her body!
"I guess I was feeling a little nostalgic this evening. I hope it pleases you my little tadpole?" She said in her sweetest southern accent. She rose up and stood between his legs as he sat in his desk chair. Staring into his eye's she pulled him in for a hug.
The boy crushed against her breasts felt a nipple literally poking him in the cheek! He wrapped his arms around his mother tight unable to figure out if this was a mom hug or something more? Finally she backed up a step and rested her hands on his muscular shoulders.
Steve found his hands on her soft hips. He slowly looked down from her incredible face scanning over her teardrop breasts and oddly settled in on her slight pouch! The son thought her tiny pouch looked somewhat larger! Thinking perhaps Darius's black baby was already growing in her! He slowly moved his hands to cradle the pouch! Touching it the way someone would touch a pregnant woman's body!
Lindsey openly moaned and gripped her boys shoulders with all her might! Thoughts of Darius impregnating her brought her to orgasmic bliss! Her breathing rapidly increased as she climaxed! She tried not to scream and she felt somewhat humiliated in front of her son! Which oddly only made her more aroused!
She looked into his eyes. Both not wanting the evening to end. Lindsey slowly brought her hands up to his tender face and said. "Well... I guess this is goodnight, darlin?" Almost sounding like it was a question to the young man?
And with that she slowly brought her lips down and parted them, slightly kissing her son on the lips slowly moaning into his mouth then pulling away!
Steve was stymied as they sought each others eyes looking for answers. The strapping lad slowly stood and looking his Mother in the eyes said,
"MaMa, did Papa get it all out?" As he slowly undid her sash and dropped to his knee's!