Most of these stories are standalone, so you don't have to read them all. This one, however, calls back to Pts 11, 18 and 23.
--
Sue had talked about taking my motorcycle out for a ride for a while, so I rode over to pick her up. Usually we'd be all strapped up in protective gear, but she wanted to show off. I told her we'd see what we could organize.
She opened the door wearing sneakers and a summer dress. I had her pull the dress up, and she had a black thong on underneath it, but no bra. I suggested she wear her motorcycle boots instead of sneakers, and that looked great.
I left my jacket, so I was in jeans and boots and a t-shirt.
We went down to the bike, put our gloves and helmets on and got on.
I have a sports bike, so Sue was sitting on the back looking like she was giving birth or something, with her arms wrapped around me. I looked at us in windows when we were stopped in traffic. After a while pottering through town, I went a little faster so her dress could get blown around behind her and show off her thong covered butt.
The next time I looked in a window as we were riding past a shop, I could see her dress was up quite a way at the back, so whoever was behind us was getting a great view of her thong. Guys in the other lanes, or alongside us at traffic lights, were all waving at us enthusiastically. Girls, generally, not so much.
I told Sue this, and she found it funny. She kept trying to sit on her dress again, but I could have her flash people just by tapping the brakes - she'd be tilted forward, allowing the dress to float free.
After a sedate ride where I didn't want to take any chances, we got to a roadside diner where motorcyclists often stopped to eat, chat and admire other people's bikes. I pulled up and stopped, and Sue flashed her thong to everyone getting off the pillion seat.
We went in to the diner and got a drink. We sat on bar stools behind the table at the front window, where people could see right up her dress when she sat with her legs apart, which she did a lot. We chatted with people, and watched the crowds as they came and went. As it was a nice day, there were a lot of women in strappy tops, but Sue was the only one in a dress, so she was quite popular.
When it was time to go home, Sue decided to take her thong off. She had a hell of a job getting it over her boots, so this wasn't at all secret, and there was a small crowd waiting for her when she flashed her pussy getting back on the bike. She sat on her dress as we rode across the parking lot, and I tapped the brakes just before we joined the road to flash the crowd her naked butt.
We rode home with her flashing her butt to everybody... I hadn't realized it, but the wind was blowing the front of her dress up too, so she told me that drivers any higher than us were often able to see her pussy as well.
When we got back to her place, she was really turned on. When I closed the door she pulled me up to the living room and unbuttoned my jeans, then changed her mind. She called Rachel's pizza place, checked that she was there and could deliver it, then ordered us a pizza.
Once that was done, she came back over to me and took her dress off. There was no way I could get my jeans off with my boots on, but she pulled them down then pushed me over on the sofa with my legs basically tied together and straddled me, bouncing away until she came. She got off me, and said I had to cum before Rachel got there, and went down on me. Shortly before the door bell rang, I unloaded into her mouth, and she stood up. She ran down the stairs in just her motorcycle boots, carrying money, and I wandered over to the stairs pulling my jeans up to see what was going on.
Sue opened the door to Rachel, who saw her naked and put her foot in the door to hold it open. Sue took the pizza from her and put it on the stairs, handed Rachel the money, then squatted down in front of her. She unbuttoned and unzipped Rachel's jeans, pulled them apart and pulled her panties away from her, then dribbled, almost spat, a mixture of my cum and her saliva into them.
Rachel looked down, groaned and said "ew, gross," and Sue let go of her panties, rubbed them against her pubic hair then zipped her jeans back up and gave her a kiss before closing the door. She turned to me, and picked up the pizza, and started up the stairs, saying "it'll be a few hours before she can clean that mess up," with a wicked grin.
When we'd eaten the pizza, Sue suggested we go out and get a drink. She put on her thong and dress, and sneakers, and we headed out - it was just a short walk.
We'd only had one drink when Sue's phone rang. She picked it up, and looked at the screen. It was Rachel. She took the call, and told Rachel where we were. Rachel showed up shortly after that, and joined us.
Rachel was upset at having to work with my cum in her panties.
"You could have just taken them off", said Sue.
"Then I'd have been delivering pizza to complete strangers without my panties," she replied.
"You could take them off now," Sue said.
Rachel got up to go and do just that.
"In the men's room," said Sue, with a grin. "And send us a picture of you in there."
Rachel sighed, and took my phone number, then left us. A minute or so later, she sent us both a picture of her standing in front of the urinals, then a few minutes later, she came back and sat down again, putting her soiled panties in her bag.
"I dare you to go and take a picture topless in there," she said to Sue. "And not in a stall, in the mirrors."
This was getting interesting. Sue got up and strode off towards the bathrooms.
We got a response to Rachel's group text, and it was a picture of Sue in just her panties in front of the urinals, taken in the mirror. You could see her dress lying on the counter by the sinks.
She came back and sat down.
"Your turn," she said to Rachel.
Rachel got up and headed to the bathrooms. We got a response with a picture of Rachel standing topless in front of the urinals.
When she got back, Sue asked her where her clothes had been, and Rachel said they were hanging up in a stall.
"That's cheating," said Sue, "you have to undress in the main area, like I did."
She showed Rachel her dress in the previous picture, and Rachel sighed and got up again. Shortly afterwards, we got another picture of her topless, and this time we could see her shirt on the counter.
When she got back, she told Sue "I want you to take off your dress and panties, then bring your panties back here. I want a picture of you in there, naked."
Sue got up and headed to the bathrooms again. We got a picture of her standing naked, holding her thong, in front of the urinals, and shortly afterwards, she was back with us. As she sat down, she gave me her thong, and I put it in a pocket.
"OK," she said, "naked in there, but a picture taken by somebody else."
Rachel looked at me.
"He doesn't count," Sue said.
Rachel looked around the bar, then said "who?"
"Go in there and wait to see who comes in. It could be anybody, and that's the fun of this."
She headed off, and we slyly watched to see who'd go on while we were chatting. A fairly trim guy, probably in his late 40s or early 50s went in, and shortly afterwards we got a picture of her standing in the men's room, naked, taken by him.
Rachel rushed back over to us, and said to Sue "same deal, but I told him you'd let him suck your tits."
Sue got up and headed to the men's room. After a minute or so, we got a picture of her, naked, taken by the guy standing behind her squeezing one of her tits, then another taken by her of him sucking one of her nipples..
I asked Rachel where she thought this was going, and she said she wasn't really sure.
Sue came back, and I could see her hard nipples through her dress as she walked towards us. She sat down, looked at Rachel and said "I told him to slap your tits and you'd suck his cock for him."
Rachel blushed, but to her credit, didn't back down. She went back to the men's room, and shortly after she disappeared, we got a close up picture of her with red hand prints on her tits.
We watched another guy go in to the men's room, and idly chatted about what was happening in there. A little while after that guy came back out, we got another picture - this one of her kneeling down and sucking the guy's dick, naked.
A few minutes later, Rachel came back over to us. She leaned over to Sue, like she was going to kiss her, and Sue was prepared to kiss her back, but then Rachel pulled the front of her dress out and dribbled the guy's cum down her front, between her tits. Sue squeaked a little as the wet mess started to seep down her front and through her dress, and then Rachel kissed her.
"Did that other guy see you?" I asked Rachel when she'd sat down.
"Nah, we went into a stall. You can hear people coming in."
"Does anybody want another drink?" I asked.
"I think I want to go home and have a shower," said Sue, standing up.
"I'd like another drink," said Rachel sweetly, holding her glass out to Sue. "I'll even help you carry them back."
They went and stood at the bar waiting to get served, and Rachel had her hand up under the hem of Sue's dress, so you could see the bottom of the globes of her butt if you happened to be looking that way. As they came back from the bar, Sue was carrying my soda, and her wine, and Rachel used her free hand to lift the front of Sue's dress, flashing her pussy to me and those around me. They came and sat down with me again. You could see the wet patch on her dress from between her tits to around her stomach, and the cum was probably drying on her skin.
Sue said we should play these games from my place, as her place should be off limits in case somebody recognized her, so Rachel settled down. When we'd finished our drinks, we headed out. Rachel's car was outside, so we went there first, and she took my address before leaving. Sue and I walked back to her place so I could get my motorcycle gear, and she was excited about the games she'd just played with Rachel, and was wanting to see how far they'd go together when we weren't so close to home.