So, this is the last episode in our Bali adventure. For those that have followed our Bali fun, we took the opportunity to do a fair bit of teasing of our hotel staff as we figured we aren't going to be back, why not have some fun.
On our last night in Bali we decided to step it up and blatantly flash the hotel staff. James suggested that we call reception for some tea and milk, that way they could hand it over at the door and then we could see if they tried to prolong the interaction to see more of me. As always, I let James choose the outfit he wanted me to wear.
He picked a very skimpy singlet and black thong. Now I'd worn this singlet before back home. It's black, somewhat loose and low cut and hangs low showing a fair about of cleavage. It's a mix between a crop top and singlet as its too long for a crop top but too short for a singlet. It doesn't come close to covering my pussy. The straps are extremely thing so if I pulled the top forward, it exposes a lot more of my boobs and often a nipple or two pops out.
"Since this is our last night babe, I want you to be a bit crazier," James said.
"What did you have in mind?" I asked nervously. I was excited at the thought of what type of exposure James would suggest. I was nervous, but I knew I wanted to show more, especially since I'd slowly built up the flashing over the trip.
"I want you to have a boob completely out when you open the door."
"What, you're kidding me, that's too crazy," I replied.
"It's our last night, don't worry about it. Everyone that's seen you has looked you up and down, so you know they're enjoying the view, give them a bit of a show."
He was right, I had enjoyed the attention each time I'd flashed on the trip. I wondered if whoever came to deliver our tea and milk would notice my boob out. My boobs are quite perky, but I also have dark nipples that are constantly hard, this coupled with the excitement of flashing would make them rock hard and point straight out. My pussy tingled at the thought. The other times this trip, I had worn a sheer top so while my nipples were on display, there was some degree of "modesty". This was going to be different, there would be no denying I was flashing my boob on purpose.
"Ok, get me what you want me to wear," I said.
James got out of bed and rummaged through our suitcase while I lay in bed naked. The black lace thong made its appearance again. For the top, it was a back singlet that I hadn't worn in years. The singlet is quite thin, the straps thin and is quite low cut. It's meant to be worn as a loose-fitting singlet so with some adjusting, most of my boobs would be on show.
"The way I want you to wear it is to have a boob poking out from the side."
"What, seriously?"
"Yeah, it will be hot," James prompted.
Usually I pull the singlet so that it hands very low on the front. As I move my nipples often pop out. I'd never thought about being so brazen and having a boob pop out from the side. This was more than some side boob exposure, and the thought was turning me on.
I got out of bed and dialled reception and asked for some milk and tea. Knowing I didn't have much time, I quickly slipped on the black lace thong. My ass quickly swallowed up the thong. I then put on the singlet and stood in front of the mirror adjusting it so that one nipple was popping out of the right. The anticipation was too much. I had butterflies in my stomach, but I wasn't sure if it was nerves or excitement.
James got out of bed and adjusted the top so my whole right boob was popping out. He gave my already hard nipples a few flicks of his fingers sending little bolts of pleasure through my body. Just then, there was a knock at the door. The moment of truth.
"Coming," I said as I rushed to the door.
"Hi, you asked for tea and milk," the room service attendant said. His eyes started at my face but very quickly went straight to my cleavage, then I saw his eyes dart to the right and I'm guessing check out my boob, then down to my lace thong and then back up to my boob.
"Oh yes, thank you," I replied as I slowly reached out with my right hand ensuring my boob jiggled as I took the milk and tea from him. I was careful to prolong my exposure taking the tea and milk from him slowly. My nipples were rock hard at the blatant exposure. It felt incredibly sexy being so direct with my flashing, while still maintaining a slight level of the exposure being "accidental". My hands were now full as I turned to the left, giving him a profile view of my exposed right boob and hard nipple jutting out ready to be sucked. I don't think his eyes went back to my face after he had scanned my body up and down and then went back to staring at my boob.
"Thanks again, good night," I said as I let the door swing close.
James and I had a slow fuck session as I recounted my exposure before falling asleep
*
The next morning, James and I woke up horny from the previous night's exposure. Our trip was coming to an end and we only had a few hours before we needed to be at the hospital.
"Why don't we do one more room service dare before we leave babe?" James asked.
"What do you have in mind?" I replied.
"Well, a lot of people drop the towel. I think that's a bit too obvious. You're going to wash your hair anyway, so after you shower, I'll get in and have my shower. Call down to reception and ask for another few towels. When you open the door, just open it naked but holding a towel to your chest like this."
He got up and grabbed a towel and held it to the middle of the chest. I could see what he wanted. He basically wanted me to hold the towel with my right palm and hold it to the middle of my chest between my boobs. Both nipples and the majority of my boobs would be exposed. The towel would hang down and fall between my legs. If I moved, there would be no hiding my pussy. There would be no denying that I was totally naked.
"That's too crazy," I said.
"We're leaving today. It's your choice but it'd be so hot."
It would be exciting. I got out of bed and grabbed the towel and tested it out.
"Like this?"
I held the towel to my chest and managed to cover most of my boobs and just have my nipples out. James came over and adjusted it so that both boobs were more or less on show and both nipples totally exposed. I looked at myself in the mirror and contemplated what to do. I might as well have been naked. The towel barely covered my pussy. There would be no denying I wasn't wearing panties as the towel basically just hung in front of me and given I have wide hips, most of me was exposed.
"Fine," I said, feigning like I wasn't happy with this plan. Truth be told, I was keen to end our trip with this dare. It would still have an air of "accidental" exposure, and with my wet hair, all the more believable.
I got into the shower and washed my hair, the whole time thinking of how best to position my hand to give the most exposure while not trying to be so obvious that I wanted to show off my almost naked body. My pussy was wet, and I needed to be fucked. I really hoped that I'd get a good fucking after this dare was done.
Once I'd showered, I quickly dried myself and rang down to reception and requested a few towels be brought to our room. James started his shower to give the whole dare a more realistic vibe. We didn't want it to look staged or whoever came to the door to catch James peeking.
I heard the knock at the door and my heart almost missed a beat. I started walking to the door all the while clutching the towel to my chest, covering most of my boobs. I know James wanted me to show more but how much was I going to show? I was torn until I was at the door when the exhibitionist inside me urged me to show him more. I loosened the grip on the towel and let the sides fall so that both boobs and nipples were on show. The towel did little more than start between my boobs and fall enough to cover my pussy. I knew that when I opened the door, the slight movement would leave my pussy exposed but I didn't care at this stage. I was in full blown exhibitionist mode. I didn't want to drop the towel and for it to be cliché, rather, I wanted to maintain the illusion that he had caught me just getting out of the shower and I didn't mean to expose myself.
My nipples were hard and pussy wet as I opened the door. Once again, a young man was at the door holding two towels.
"Good morning, here are the towels you asked for," he said. His eyes scanned my body like each before him, but this time, he was seeing far more than any of the others. What a rush! He had a smile on his face as his eyes moved from my exposed boobs down to my pussy barely covered by the towel and then back to my boobs. I could feel my nipples reacting to his eyes. I felt incredibly exposed with both boobs exposed and the flimsy towel loosely hanging covering my pussy. I knew that from the right angle, my pussy was exposed as well. I was literally holding the towel for show in between my boobs.
I reached for the towels he was holding and felt my boobs jiggle as I did so. I was holding the door open with my leg, hence, my legs were somewhat spread. I had no idea how much of my pussy was on show, but I wanted him to be able to see my pussy. I was so horny that I wanted to prolong my exposure.
"Thanks," I said as I grabbed the towel and held it with my free hand. My right hand was still holding the towel in between my boobs trying to maintain some sort of coverage over my naked body. I wanted to at least try to allude to this not being a set up and give the young man something to tell his fellow employees.
Wanting to give the man as long as he wanted to look, I didn't say anything, rather stood there clutching the towels and showing off my nakedness. I watched his eyes scan my body throughout our brief exchange, boobs, down to my pussy, then repeat, all the while with a big friendly grin on his face.
"Is there anything else?" he said.
"No, that's all, thank you," I replied. He did a little bow to which I bowed back, giving him a good look at my boobs hanging down freely, obstructed by my hands or the towel. That little extra exposure made me smile as I imagined how my firm perky boobs looked as I slightly bent over, rock hard nipples poking out. I looked up and slowly closed the door, turning my body slightly hoping to give him a clearer view of my pussy.
No sooner was the door closed, James walked out of the bathroom, his hard cock pointing straight out. I lay him on the bed and engulfed his cock moaning in anticipation of being fucked. As I was perpendicular to James, I stuck my ass in the air, knowing James would tease my clit and grope my ass. I didn't need to tell him what I wanted, and James's strong hands were immediately on my ass spanking me and teasing my pussy lips.
"Did you like showing off your sexy body babe?" he asked.
"Mhmmmm", I moaned with his cock still in my mouth.
"I bet you gave him a good show. He will probably be jerking off thinking of your sexy body, those beautiful boobs and hard nipples. I bet he would have wanted to suck on them," James said.
I started sucking James faster as I replayed the encounter in my head. The thought of the young man jerking off to me made me wet. I felt so naughty thinking about the man replaying the sight of my body again and again.
"Mhmmmm," I moaned as James started flicking my clit with his fingers. I was so wet, not only from showing off but the fucking I knew I was going to get.
"Get on your hands and knees you slut," James demanded. I loved when he called me a slut, especially after I show off my body. I know how much it turns him on and I love knowing how horny he gets after I show off my body. I stuck my ass up in the air, spread my legs giving James a good look at my ass and pussy. I felt his strong hands grab and massage my ass, then he dove straight in and started licking my asshole.
"Urrrghhh," I moaned in pleasure. I grabbed the bed sheets as his strong hands spread my cheeks and his tongue expertly licked me. I know James loves my ass and while I'm quite sensitive back there, when I'm turned on enough, I absolutely love him licking my ass. I could feel how wet I was with James's saliva mixing with my pussy juices.
"Fuck me, please, make me cum," I begged.
I felt James's cock against my pussy and I pushed back immediately and impaled myself on his cock. I wasn't going to let him tease me. I needed desperately to feel his rock-hard cock inside me, filling me up. His hands gripped my cheeks spreading them, so he had a good view and he started fucking me with long hard strokes.
"Oh yessss, that's it, fuck me."
He picked up his speed as I started pushing back on him. Each thrust sent waves of pleasure through me. I reached down and started playing with my clit, moaning out loud as I felt my orgasm building. Hearing me moan spurred James on more and he moved his hands to my waist for better grip. Once he had me tight, he started pounding me. I could feel his balls hit my pussy and hear my ass slap against him.
"Urrrghh, urrrghh, urrrghh, yes, keep going, don't stop, I'm so close," I begged.
I felt James bent a bit lower and he started hitting me differently, hitting me just where I like. As soon as he did, I started cumming.
"I'm cumming, yes I'm cumming."
"Yes baby, I love that ass, take that cock like the slut you are," he said as he continued pounding me. He grabbed my thighs and as he thrust, pulled me back to meet his cock which just made his cock go deeper inside me.
"Yes, it feels amazing, I'm going to cum again," I moaned as my second orgasm took over.
"Are you close? I'm not sure how much more I can take. Cum inside me, I want to feel your cum inside me."
James started fucking me faster. I buried my face into the bed and tried to muffle my screams as he thrust harder and faster. He was fucking me frantically and I knew what was coming. Within a few moments, I felt him stiffen and thrust hard into me, holding me against him as he moaned and shot his load into my wet pussy. He collapsed on top of me and we lay there as I felt his cum ooze out of my well used pussy.
Anyway, that was our last adventure in Bali. I don't know if we'll be back, but I sure have now developed a taste for showing off my body when asking for room service. I think it will become a staple part of our next future trips.