Jennifer Bell had just finished a leisurely Saturday breakfast when she heard the ding on her phone. And honestly, she hadn't thought much about the fact that she was turning thirty in a few days until that text message arrived.
"Hi Jennie, big day coming soon."
Even if Madison's name hadn't popped up with the message, she would have known immediately who it was - only one person other than her mother still addressed her as Jennie. At work, she insisted that people call her Jennifer or Jenn, which sounded more professional and serious to her. But she knew it was pointless to try to get her friend to change; somehow Madison always got her way.
And truthfully, there was something sweet about having someone who addressed you in a special way. After all Madison was her closest friend in college and the two had remained in touch ever since. They had pledged to the same sorority, roomed together for the rest of their college years, and even shared an apartment for the first two years after graduation. No one knew her as well as Madison - perhaps, Jennifer thought at times, maybe a little too well.
"That's right. The big 3-0. And don't forget you're not far behind," Jenn texted back.
"Always good with numbers aren't you," came the reply, which was a standing joke between the two of them. Jennifer was a math whiz and after graduating had gone on to work in corporate finance. Madison was the more athletic type, playing both tennis and volleyball in school. She had initially planned to work in public relations but instead settled into a successful career in sales, most recently working as a commercial real estate agent.
"Guess what? I'm traveling for work next week to scout out some properties near you. So I'll be in town for your birthday. Got a long day planned on Friday but I should be free by 8:00. Let's get together and celebrate." There was a break in the text, followed by another message, "If you're free."
"Of course I'm free. Not much going on here," Jenn replied followed by a frowning emoji.
"So it will be like old times, just the two of us," came the reply with a big smiley face. "Perfect time to revive some birthday traditions."
Jenn knew exactly what she meant and could almost feel her face redden with the memory. Madison really did know her too well.
"Think I outgrew that when I was 9 or 10," she texted back.
"Oh no you didn't," came the reply with a devil emoji.
And no more needed to be said. Jennifer knew that at some point next Friday she was going to have submit to a birthday spanking.
"30 is an awful lot," she texted back.
A smiley face with a tongue sticking out was the immediate answer.
"Best friends are the people who will always be there for you especially when you're in trouble," Jennifer thought as she ended the text and got herself another cup of coffee. "But sometimes they're also the people who get you into trouble in the first place."
*****
The upcoming days promised to be exceptionally busy at work, with quarterly reports due at the end of the week. And Jennifer liked to have her work on them done by Thursday, which gave her all of Friday to complete the last minute additions and changes that would inevitably be requested by the head of her office, Ron Sunderland, before they were submitted to New York.
But this week the work would be a welcomed distraction. She had spent a large part of the weekend thinking about Madison's visit. Of course she would be thrilled to see her, but she was unsure exactly what they would do to fill the time. Jennifer didn't often have visitors, and at work she was a bit of a loner, always quiet and aloof. Even in her high school years, as it became clear that she was maturing into an intelligent and very attractive young woman, she had found it easier to focus on her studies and avoid the confusing world of social interactions and the sometimes overwhelming emotions of teenage lust.
Boys alternately teased her about her brains or aggressively pursued her because of her good looks. And on both counts, she was her own worst enemy. She never suffered fools gladly, so the catcalls and inappropriate comments were always met with withering stares and cutting replies. And there were plenty of occasions for the attention - her naturally blond hair and pale complexion, well endowed figure, and firm but ample butt were the envy of many of the girls in her class as well as the subject of the fantasies of most of the boys. But to her it was chiefly an annoyance.
Happily, sorority life at college had provided her with both a structure and a set of natural defenses during her time on campus. And Madison had quickly become her closest friend, someone who could help her navigate all of the social situations at school. From the start, Jennifer had learned to defer to Madison's decisions and wishes, to the point where many of their sorority sisters speculated about the exact nature of their relationship. "Jenn will do almost anything Madison tells her to," was the standard line, sometimes delivered with a knowing wink of the eye.
So, with the talk of reviving a birthday tradition, Jennifer knew that she'd have to submit to the childish prank of getting one spank for each year of your life. "Just like a naughty little girl," she thought to herself as she ran through the columns on the spreadsheet in front of her. She almost blushed sitting there at her desk - it was so humiliating and embarrassing every time Madison insisted on doing that, but to be truthful there was a part of it that gave her a bit of a thrill.
Looking away from her computer screen, she was startled to see that Alexis, one of her co-workers in the customer relations department and her only close friend at work, was standing next to her desk, waiting to get her attention.
"Sorry, Lexie, didn't see you at first."
"Let me guess. Already working on the numbers for Friday, right?" she asked as Jennifer nodded her head.
"Yep. Lots to get through."
"Hey," Alexis continued, "Abby just reminded me that Friday is your birthday."
"How does she know that?" Jennifer blurted out, but then immediately regretted the accusatory tone of her words. Abby was her assistant, who had started in that position about six months ago, and it was only logical that she would have access to some of her HR records, including her birth date. Jenn had already come to value the young woman as a highly competent worker with great potential and also as someone who seemed to have great people skills - in other words, just the type of person to pick up on that sort of detail and eager to do something that might please her boss.
She swallowed hard, as if she were trying to take back the words. "Sorry, that was a stupid thing to say. Of course she'd know, and I'm sure she was trying to be nice."
Alexis chuckled, shaking her head at her friend's predictable reaction.
"Which is why I told her I'd talk to you about it rather than having her ask you. We thought it would be fun to get a group of us together and go for a drink and maybe a quick bite to eat after work on Friday." She hesitated just a second, then looked directly at Jennifer and asked, "That is, unless your friend Madison is coming for a visit and you'll be tied up."
Once again, Jennifer almost launched into a blunt accusation, something along the lines of "now how did you know about that," before she realized Alexis was just teasing her. She obviously couldn't know that Madison was going to be in town. In fact, the two women barely knew each other. They had met only once before, completely by accident. Jenn had gone to visit Madison for a few days and the two friends stopped for lunch at a sushi restaurant attached to a big convention hotel. And there, sitting at a nearby table, were Alexis and her husband, Dan.
Dan was attending an academic conference of some sort (he taught at the local college), and Alexis had decided to join him at the last minute so they could have a weekend away. Taking advantage of the chance meeting, the four of them had shared a quick lunch and then went on their separate ways. Jennifer recalled that back at their office the following week, Alexis had asked her lots of questions about her college friend, so it made sense that she might wonder if Madison would show up for her thirtieth birthday.
But still thinking about her friend's threat to give her a celebratory spanking, Jennifer decided to lie about it.
"Uh, no, she isn't going to be visiting. In fact, I have no real plans." She hesitated, then added, "So yeah, that's sounds nice. I'd love to go out after work on Friday."
"Love to?" Alexis said with a teasing tone to her voice, having come to understand Jenn's natural shyness and tendency to avoid groups.
"Well, like to, anyway," she said, smiling as she acknowledged Alexis's point. "And it really is kind of you and Abby to think of this." And then, she added as an afterthought, "just not too big a group," with a pleading look in her eyes.
"Oh no more than a hundred," Alexis said with a big smile as she exited Jennifer's office and walked back to her cubicle.
*****
The text message that Alexis received on Thursday was brief and to the point.
"All set for tomorrow?"
"All set. We'll have a champagne toast in the office when work is over, then we'll head over to the restaurant at 6:00. I've asked them to set aside the semi-private area in the back that seats 12. And there's even a good chance our boss will stop by at 7:30."
"Perfect. I'll get to the bar around 6:30 so you don't see me on the way in. And remember, plenty to drink and not too much to eat," followed by an emoji.
"Looking forward to it."
"Our friend is too. She just doesn't know it yet."
*****
Jennifer chose her outfit for work carefully on that Friday. After all it was a special day, her thirtieth birthday. And she'd probably end of going from the gathering that Alexis and Abby were planning directly to dinner with Madison at 8:00, so she wanted to be dressed appropriately. She selected a black business suit, a reasonably sensible outfit with a single button jacket on top. The slim fit pants had seemed a little daring to her at the time she bought them, but the saleslady (a very pleasant older woman) had assured her that with her short frame and curves, the bit of spandex in the material would serve her well. Looser fitting pants could make her look heavier, and these pants would be appropriate both in the office and for a night out with friends.
She decided to pamper herself by wearing a pair of pale beige silk panties, low waisted but of course perfectly modest front and back. Her DD cup bra was a matching color, and she decided to ensure a professional appearance by selecting a plain white collared blouse, making sure that only the top button was left undone.
"Not bad for a 30-year old gal," she thought as she surveyed her 120 pound, 5 foot 4 frame in the mirror. The overall effect was stylish yet still thoroughly respectably, and other than the tight pants, did little to reveal the 37-26-36 figure that lay hidden behind the very corporate looking business suit.
And she was glad she had dressed in a practical, comfortable outfit, since her day was filled with last minute meetings with Ron and the various department heads as they went over and revised the quarterly report. Yet, thanks to her hard work earlier in the week, all was finalized by 4:45 when they faxed the report to New York and emailed a pdf of the document as back-up.
"Great job, as always," Ron said as he poked his head in her office. "And I hear it's your birthday," he added with a bit of smile. "Going out to celebrate with some of your friends?"
"I think that's the plan," Jennifer replied. "Alexis and Abby have been organizing something."
"Well, that's great," he went on. "I'm heading out now with the some of the department heads for a drink before I meet up with my wife for dinner. You're welcome to join the group if you have the time before the party."
"Oh, thanks, but I really can't," she replied. In fact, every time the invitation had been extended in the past, she had found some reason to turn it down. So her boss was hardly surprised by the rejection.
"Well, maybe next time," he said. "And who knows, I might bump into you and your friends bar hopping later tonight," he added with a smile.
Exiting Jennifer's office, he tracked down Alexis to deliver a brief message. "Thanks for telling me where you'll all be tonight and for recommending the restaurant. I mentioned it to Kathleen last night, and she thought it sounded great."
"Well, if it works out, it would be fantastic if you can make a brief appearance at the party tonight for Jennifer."
"Kathy made the reservation for 7:30 as you suggested, so I suspect we just may see you all there," he said with a wink before turning to join up with his group as they headed out for drinks.
Not long after, Jennifer noticed that her able assistant Abby was breaking out a pack of plastic cups and putting them on the conference table in the middle of the area outside her office. And then, just a little after 5, Alexis came out of the stairwell holding a couple of bottles of champagne that she had had on ice downstairs.
"Okay, gang," Abby called out as she roamed from cubicle to cubicle, "time to get together for a toast to my boss for her birthday."
Slowly people assembled around the table. Two of the IT guys, Ryan and Kyle, were the first to show up, followed shortly by Haley, who had only recently joined the HR department. As the group was gathering, Alexis appeared in the doorway of Jenn's office.
"Okay, girlfriend, all ready for the big celebration?"
Chuckling quietly, Jennifer replied, "Not sure how big it's going to be, but yes, I'm ready."
"Oh come on now, don't be such a party pooper," her friend gently chided her.
Jenn quickly ran her hands through her hair, pushing the long blonde strands of hair off her face and back over her shoulders. "Don't mind me, it's just been a long week. I really am looking forward to this."
"I hope so," Alexis replied with just a slight note of hesitation. She seemed ready to say something, then stopped and bit her lip. Instead she walked up to Jennifer and gave her a big hug. "You know, your friends care very deeply about you, Jenn, so we've really tried to plan a special evening for you, something you'll always remember."
At first, it almost sounded like a warning to Jenn, but she quickly dismissed that. This time with her work colleagues was going to be relaxing. She was much more concerned with what Madison might have in mind when they met up later in the evening.
"So, let's get the party started," she said, breaking from Alexis's embrace and grabbing her suit jacket from the hook on the back of her office door. "Mustn't keep the crowd waiting!"
As she entered the conference room, Jennifer noticed that the other members of her finance team, Vanessa and Luis, had joined Ryan, Kyle, and Haley as Abby carefully poured out the first round of champagne. And by now, the rest of the office had pretty much emptied as people hurried home to start the weekend. So, they had the place almost entirely to themselves when Alexis raised her glass to propose a toast.
"Before we head out to the restaurant," she said turning to Jennifer, "I want to salute a wonderful colleague, boss, and friend. We all know her as an incredible financial genius who helps us all look good. But in case you don't know, there are many other sides to Jennifer, and we look forward to seeing them all tonight. Happy birthday!"
Everyone raised their glasses, with a few shouts of "hear, hear," as Abby stepped forward to hand her a card.
Jenn took it, blushing slightly at all of the attention being paid to her, read it and chuckled good naturedly at the sentiment expressed in it. "Thank you all," she began after having carefully read every signature and message scrawled on the card. "As you probably know, this is a significant birthday for me, so I've decided it's a good time to be a little more open to things and you know, live life to its fullest. So for tonight, let's pretend that I'm not your boss or co-worker or whatever. You're my friends, and I hope we can have a little fun." And with that, she picked up her glass and took a large swallow of champagne.
The group signaled their approval by cheering loudly as Alexis nudged Abby in the side, encouraging her to refill Jennifer's glass. "Keep an eye on that," she whispered to the younger woman. "After all, there's a long night ahead."
Shortly after six, the group gathered up their bags, backpacks, and purses and headed for the door. It was a short three-block walk to the nearby hotel where the restaurant was located, and the outside temperature had cooled to a pleasant 60 degrees.
Jennifer had unwittingly consumed about three glasses of champagne, and as she stepped out into the night air, she could feel the alcohol catching up with her all at once. Her cheeks were flushed, and she made a mental note to pace herself better when they got to the restaurant. "Otherwise," she thought to herself with a silent giggle, "I may not even make it to dinner with Madison."
Alexis led them to the entrance on the street corner, going directly into the restaurant and avoiding the hotel lobby altogether. Abby checked in with the hostess at the door, and they were quickly escorted past the bar, through the main dining room to a smaller room at the end of the establishment. While not entirely shut off from the rest of the restaurant, it did isolate them somewhat, keeping them out of sight of the other tables and helping to ensure that customers dining in the main room wouldn't be bothered by the birthday celebration.
The first round of appetizers, all pre-ordered by Abby, arrived along with a waiter, who took their drink orders. Alexis tried unsuccessfully to suggest a number of specialty cocktails, to Jennifer, all of which she politely declined.
"At least have a glass of wine," Alexis pleaded. "After all, it's your special night."
"Okay," her friend conceded good-naturedly. "How about a pinot grigio?"
"Very good," the waiter said, scribbling a few words on his pad and stepping along to the two guys from IT and Haley just as she was introducing them to her boyfriend Cody, who had just arrived.
By force of habit, Jennifer had placed her cell phone in her suit jacket pocket, keeping it close at hand in case work beckoned. As the waiter returned with her wine, she felt the device vibrating, so she signaled to the guy to hold on for just a second while she checked the message.
"Just arrived in town. Can we get together now?"
She realized that what she should do is tell Madison where the group had gathered and invite her to join them. After all, Alexis's husband had just shown up, and her friend had already met them once before. But a moment of panic seized her - what if Madison started talking about their birthday tradition. She knew her friend only too well, and it was entirely possible - in fact, almost a certainty - that she would find a way to introduce the topic into conversation in way that would totally embarrass Jennifer.
"Busy with a few last minute work details," she texted back after a moment's delay. "Let's stick to the plan to meet at 8:00. My apartment?"
"You know you can't escape this," came the response, with no need to explain what "this" meant. "See you real soon," which Jennifer hoped meant they were on for 8:00 at her apartment. But with Madison, you could never be sure.
The gathering was actually turning out to be fun. The IT guys were still talking in a corner by themselves, but Abby had just introduced her to her boyfriend, Nate, who turned out to be a really nice guy. He seemed pleased to meet her and quickly volunteered how much Abby had told him about her. "She said you are so smart that no one ever dares to disagree with you," he said with Abby glaring at him.
Realizing he may have said something he wasn't supposed to say, he quickly added, "And she's always telling me how much she's learning so much from you. I really think she wants to be just like you someday."
Jennifer tried hard not to blush, but quietly acknowledged the implied compliment. "Well, I'm the one who's fortunate to have Abby working with me. And definitely don't believe everything Abby tells you about me. After all," she added wistfully, "we all have our flaws."
Just then Dan entered the room, and Alexis dashed over to give her husband a quick kiss. The two of them exchanged a few whispered remarks, and they then made their way to where Jenn, Abby, and Nate were standing.
Jennifer and Dan exchanged a quick hug; over the last couple of years she had gotten to know him well, and she really liked him and admired the relationship that he and Alexis enjoyed. Maybe it was the champagne and now the wine, but Jenn found she was truly pleased that everyone was gathering for her birthday, and to her surprise, she found herself verbalizing her feelings.
"Dan, it really is good to see you. It means so much to me that you and everyone else are here. Honestly, it does. Maybe I'm just getting sentimental now that I'm 30, but I'm really touched."
"Everyone is thrilled to be here," Alexis assured her.
"Well, you're just all so nice to me, and I promise to be more open with all of you. Do you think," she said with a quiet laugh, "that means I'm finally growing up?"
Dan waited until Abby and Nate drifted away and then moved closer to Jennifer. "Hey Jenn, I didn't want to say anything with Abby around, but I know Alexis had mentioned your friend Madison was going to be in town this weekend, and I could swear I saw her sitting at the bar by herself when I came in just now. I mean I can't be sure, but it sure looked like her."
Jennifer felt the warm sensations generated by the alcohol and the party suddenly replaced by a kind of panicky feeling in the pit of her stomach. "Madison, here, now?" And even as she said that, she realized she hadn't recalled mentioning to anyone in the office that Madison was coming for a visit. In fact, she had even lied to Lexie about it.
Alexis, seeing the look in her friend's eyes, quickly jumped in before she could come to any conclusions. "Well, that's an unexpected surprise. Why don't I go see if it really is her and invite her to join us."
"No, no," Jennifer quickly interjected. "I'll go check to see if it's her. I have to use the ladies' room anyway." And with that she quickly left their room, while Alexis glared at Dan.
But instead of seeing if Madison was there, Jennifer deliberately tried to stay as far away from the bar as possible to avoid being seen. Once inside the bathroom, she quickly splashed some cold water on her face and stared at herself in the mirror. What should she do? She had already lied to both of her friends, and introducing Maddie now to everyone from work might require some explanations and would definitely lead to more teasing and embarrassment. And it would be just like Madison to use her little lie as an excuse for telling some of their secrets. What would her assistant think of her once she learned that her smart, talented boss used to get spanked by her best friend every year on her birthday?
But then she thought of her new resolution to be more honest and open with her friends. Maybe her judgment was a little clouded by the alcohol she had consumed, but she decided it really could be seen as a funny story from her distant past - just as long as Madison didn't reveal that she was threatening to keep that tradition alive tonight. And if she did, well, Jennifer was a big girl and she could live with it. In fact, she could feel her face blush as she realized she might actually enjoy it.
She quickly checked herself in the mirror, deciding to reapply just a bit more lipstick as she straightened her jacket and then, with a new determination, headed out of the rest room. She walked a little more slowly through the dining area now, not out of hesitation but because she could see she was catching the eye of many of the male diners. Although not very practiced at it, she tried swaying her hips just a bit until she almost bumped into a busboy carrying a tray full of dishes. But she continued toward the entrance where the bar was located, checking carefully to see if she could recognize Madison.
Because she was staring intently, she noticed that four or five of the men seated there motioned to her as if inviting her to join them for a drink. Funny that she had never noticed that kind of behavior before, but then she realized normally she would have studiously avoided making any eye contact with strangers. But tonight was different, and she looked directly at them, smiled politely, but just kept walking. With a bit of a start, she realized she was teasing them - and she was enjoying it.
She checked out the entire bar area, but Madison was nowhere to be seen. And she knew she couldn't be in the ladies room, since Jennifer had just come from there. Dan must have been mistaken about seeing her there, and she let out a sigh of relief, realizing she wouldn't have to risk being embarrassed in front of her work colleagues. But, as she headed back to the group, she also acknowledged a sense of disappointment; she had actually felt excited wondering about how Madison would handle her birthday surprise if she joined the office celebration. "Oh well," Jenn thought to herself, "now we'll never know."
But as she turned into the semi-private area where her work friends were gathered, she gasped. There, looking stunning in a short black dress, stood Madison alongside Dan and Alexis. The two women seemed deep in conversation until Dan nudged Madison, who quickly looked up.
"Well there's the birthday girl!" she shouted, drawing everyone's attention as she moved to the center of the room to give Jennifer a big hug. "You've been very naughty, not inviting me to join your friends here tonight."
How like Madison to jump right in and do everything possible to embarrass her! "Well, I didn't think you were getting here until later so it never occurred to me..."
Her friend cut her off. "Of course it occurred to you, Jennie," she said. "You were just afraid of what I might say to them, weren't you?"
Fortunately, Madison had said this in a quieter voice so she figured no one else heard it. But suddenly, Jennifer heard a voice right behind her saying, "Hi, I'm Abby, Jennifer's assistant. You must be Madison."
"Nice to meet you, Abby," she said, taking her extended hand and shaking it. "You poor baby, having to put up with this bitch every day."
A look of shock came over Abby's face and she seemed uncertain how to respond. But Madison quickly picked up on her confusion and said, "I'm just teasing. Jennie is the best, and you're very lucky to be working with her."
The assistant relaxed and looked relieved. "Oh I am. I've learned so much from her already, and you know I'd do anything for her."
Madison arched an eyebrow as she listened to the young woman. "Well, I hope so. I've known this girl for years and I can assure you, sometimes we have to help her figure things out."
"Well, I can't believe that's ever been true," Abby said with a blush, betraying just the slightest little crush on her boss." She paused, and then realizing that her boyfriend was standing impatiently beside her, added, "Oh, and this is my friend Nate."
Madison shook his hand too, quickly checking him out and concluding that he was a good looking, confident young man. "Too bad he's with her," she thought to herself. "That could have made tonight more interesting."
Alexis now took control of the situation, tapping the side of her wine glass with a spoon. "Hey everyone, I want to interrupt for just a minute. This is Madison, Jennifer's best friend from college." Going around the room, she quickly ran through the names of everyone. "Well, you've already met Abby and Nate. You probably haven't met the other people who work with Jennifer. She pointed toward Luis and Vanessa, who were chatting amiably with each other. And there's Ryan and Kyle from IT, over by the hors d'ouevres table, and Haley and her friend, Cody is it?" She paused as Cody nodded his head that yes, she had indeed remembered his name correctly. "Haley works in HR."
"So, that's the whole gang. Now as a surprise for our favorite finance person, we have a cake coming out in just a few minutes. I know it's only 7, so I hope you can hang around a little bit longer. And we have this space reserved until 8, so enjoy."
Madison stepped forward, putting her right shoulder in front of Alexis in order to assume a commanding position. "If I can just have your attention a moment longer," she began, I wanted to share a little story from our college days."
Jennifer felt a tightening in her throat, a feeling of being trapped and unable to escape. Madison was about to do exactly what she feared - tell them all about their birthday tradition at the sorority.
"You may not know this about Jennie, but once upon a time this very serious young woman belonged to a sorority with me." She could tell that almost everyone except Alexis seemed startled by this news. "Yep, that's right, we were sorority sisters," she said throwing her arm around Jennifer.
Together, the two presented an interesting picture. Madison was almost 5' 11" and slender, standing a good seven inches taller than her friend but weighing only 10 pounds more. Their figures were a study in contrasts, with Jennifer's nearly perfect hourglass figure alongside Madison's tomboyish 33-24-34 physique. Even their hair colors, the natural blonde versus the dark-haired athlete, were different. Neither was drop-dead gorgeous, but both were very attractive woman who could probably have the pick of almost man (or woman) in a gathering.
Madison could sense the tenseness in her friend's shoulders, which only heightened her intention to go ahead with her speech. "Now, we had a special way of celebrating birthdays, and I thought you'd all be interested in learning about. Basically we acted like we were 10 years old. We had party hats and favors and bags of candy and a big cake for each member's birthday. And then we would make sure that you got a birthday spanking!"
There, the secret was out! Jennifer looked around, expecting to see a lock of shock or at least disapproval on the faces of her colleagues, but in fact, most people were just smiling or nodding, as if recalling similar childhood experiences. The only ones showing any special interest were Ryan and Kyle, who immediately starting whispering to one another and breaking out in laughter.
At this point, Alexis stepped forward on the other side of Jenn. "You know Madison, since you're our special guest from out of town, it only seems appropriate that we revive that college tradition tonight. And we've still got a few minutes before the cake arrives so this seems like the perfect time."
Jenn couldn't believe her ears; her two best friends seemed determined to humiliate her in front of everyone. Well, there was no way they could make her do this against her will, so she knew she had speak up. But before she could say anything, she heard Kyle and Ryan call out, "do it, do it, do it." And within a matter of seconds, it seemed like almost everyone else - even Vanessa and Luis, the members of her team who worked directly for her - joined in the chant. Only Abby seemed to take a step back and remain quiet, although that didn't stop Nate from adding his voice to the calls.
She looked, first at Madison and then at Alexis, as if to say, "And you, too, my so-called friend," before raising her hand to silence the group.
"Well, Maddie has always had a great sense of humor, and while it is true that our sorority did that, I definitely don't want to bore you with old college stories and pranks. So I think I'll pass on the tradition tonight."
There was an audible groan from the crowd, some shaking of heads, and a clear chorus of "ah come on" from the IT guys. Madison, figuring she had correctly read the mood of the party, pulled a chair to the center of the room, and standing over it, said, "I don't think we should take no for an answer."
A cheer went up from the crowd, with even Abby joining in, and Ryan and Kyle once again resumed the call to "do it, do it, do it."
Jennifer stood transfixed - this wasn't what was supposed to happen. She knew her face was turning beet red, and at the same time, she realized that is was exciting to see people cheering her on. She wanted to please her friends, and at the same time, it was strangely stimulating to be discussing in such a straightforward manner her public humiliation. It was as if it had been put up for a vote and she had lost. Or, she thought to herself, had she won?
Sensing that her friend's resistance was cracking, Madison sat down in the chair and signaled to Alexis to lead the guest of honor to her. Jennifer looked out around the group, shrugged her shoulders as if to signal "well, why not?" and turned away to present her backside to Madison.
The group signaled their approval but a round of cheers, but as the clapping died down, Madison simply sat impassively in the chair. "Now Jennie, you know that's not the way we did at alpha-delta-pi."
"Oh, that's not fair," Jenn pleaded in a voice that none of her colleagues had ever heard her use in the office. Just like a little kid trying to avoid some punishment from their parents, she was meekly asking to get out of this ordeal while at the same time, acknowledging there was no way it could be avoided.
"Of course it's fair," Madison replied. "Now get on my lap and take your spankings like a good girl."
The room got very quiet, with only the distant rumbling of conversations coming from the main dining area. Jennifer felt almost light-headed, dizzy, with the sounds of the restaurant ringing in her ears. But that all seemed far away - all she could really focus on were the stares of her friends as she slowly removed her suit jacket, handed it to Alexis, and then knelt down, her knees to the right of Madison as she stretched out across her lap.
"That's not quite right now, is it Jenn?" her friend said in the tone of voice that an adult would use when patiently trying to explain something to a child. "You remember how this goes?"
Jenn, who was now staring down at the floor as she positioned herself for her spanking, turned to look up at Madison. In a voice that was barely audible, she whispered, "Please, not that." She had thought she might start to cry, but then she realized that her throat was dry because of a feeling of excited anticipation. Involuntarily, her mouth moved slightly, with just the hint of a smile flashing across her upturned face.
"Oh yes, that. Now be a good girl and pull down your pants. And besides, you don't want to disappoint your friends now, do you?"
This, of course, led immediately to a rousing affirmation from the crowd. Then, as if in trance, Jennifer raised her body up slightly and the group grew silent again. She moved her hands around to unsnap the waistband and tug down on the zipper of her black suit pants, the one's she had so carefully chosen that morning to wear for her special day. As if on cue the noises from the other room momentarily lessened, and her co-workers could clearly hear the metallic zipper making its way downward.
"I think we can use a little help here," Madison said in a moment of inspiration. Deliberately inventing new ways to prolong Jennifer's embarrassment, she motioned to Abby to come over. "I think your boss needs some help with her pants. Do you mind pulling them down to her knees?"
Abby stood transfixed, completely unsure how to respond. So Alexis stepped forward with her, and as Jennifer resumed her position stretched across Madison's lap, the two women grabbed the black fabric on each hip and gently tugged.
The material was designed to cling to its wearer, so the two of them carefully worked the pants off of Jennifer's hips, gently guided them down to her knees. At first, her panties seemed to stick to the pants, making it appear that she had forgotten to wear any underwear. But Alexis skillfully inserted a finger and pressed down on the silky undergarment, holding it against Jennifer's butt cheek as the pants continued to move downward.
Her pale white skin stood in marked contrast to the black material of her suit, and even the beige panties contrasted nicely with the round contours of her ass and thighs. Her panties had slid down a bit, and just the hint of her ass crack could be seen before Madison carefully slid them up. But the sight was spectacular, this grown woman bent over the lap of her friend, in the midst of a dozen people with her pants pulled down to her knees as she awaited a spanking. Jennifer closed her eyes, mentally running through the faces of the people who were watching her humiliation. Her staff - Vanessa and Luis; her assistant Abby, who up until now had almost idolized her; Nate and Cody, two strangers who she had never met before; Haley; those annoying geeks from IT; and her best friend at work and her husband - would they ever look at her again in the same way in the future?
As she was running through the names and faces, she felt the first slap on her right cheek - not hard, but enough to sting a bit. Caught unaware, she involuntarily flinched, and then bit her lip, determined not to react the same way again. Then the second swat followed almost immediately on her left side. She realized Madison was counting out loud.
"Two...three," as she felt her friend's hand returning to her right cheek. "Four," came the next swat, and Jennifer realized that Madison was slowly altering both the force and positioning of each blow as she seemingly tried to achieve the loudest sound without inflicting too much discomfort.
"Five...six." By now, the rest of her colleagues were joining in the count. Opening her eyes but still staring down at the floor, she couldn't tell if Madison or Alexis was encouraging this group participation or whether it was happening spontaneously, but the counting was growing louder with each spank.
By the time they reached 10, Madison had clearly settled on a rhythm and a manner of delivering the swats, although it appeared that she was gradually aiming somewhat lower on her cheeks, almost near the top of her thighs. It was hurting less than the initial blows, and at first, Jennifer thought that was why her friend had changed her target. But by the time they got to 20, the real reason dawned on her. Madison was aiming for the part of her cheeks that were largely visible below her panties. By now she could feel the heat of the accumulated paddles, and she was certain her friend wanted to make sure her reddened skin could be seen by all.
And indeed there was now a glow apparent to everyone watching. It didn't look painful, and it wasn't. But Jennifer's pale skin easily reflected any mark or impact, and the repeated spanks by were having an effect.
"28...29...30" the counting rose to a crescendo on the final number, followed by a spontaneous round of applause. She heard her friend's voice whisper in her ear, "Hope you had fun. You can stand up now," as Jennifer slowly arose from her position, taking great care to quickly pull her pants up before standing upright.
As she arose, she glanced toward the area that led to the main dining room and was mortified to see that the server was standing there with the birthday cake. She thought she detected two or three other people standing behind him, but they quickly moved away and returned to other room.
"Happy birthday," her friends called out as the cake was brought in. Vanessa and Luis approached her to say what a good sport she had been, and Haley said something about what happens after hours stays after hours. As they talked, Jennifer involuntarily ran her hands across her backside, realizing that the lingering sensation was in fact a pleasurable reminder of past birthdays and not at all painful.
Alexis approached with Jenn's jacket, but Madison quickly waved her away as she took hold of her friend's arm and raised it in triumph, just like an athlete who has won a gold medal. The waiter placed a sheet cake on the table in front of them, with two lit candles in the shape of a "3" and a "0."
"I think Jennifer has earned her reward. So let's all sing "Happy Birthday" and maybe we can get her to cut the cake."
The group joined in a distinctly out-of-tune version of the song, seemingly following different tempos but managing to end together on the last rousing bit of "Happy birthday to you!"
The server handed Madison a knife, who in turn handed it to Jennifer. "Now make a wish and blow out the candles!"
Getting into the spirit of the occasion, the short blonde made a big show of taking a deep breath, then blowing hard to extinguish the two flames. This garnered a round of applause from her friends, and she proceeded to cut the first piece of cake.
As the waiter began to plate the slice, Madison took it from him, grabbed a fork, and much like the groom at a wedding, tried to feed the first piece to Jennifer. When her friend tried to resist by closing her mouth, Madison very deliberately pressed the piece of cake against Jenn's lips and chin, smearing some of the icing across her face before letting the piece tumble down across the front of Jennifer's white shirt, leaving a trail of chocolate frosting.
"Oh my," Madison proclaimed in mock horror, "look what I've done!" Taking her friend by the arm, she said, "The waiter can cut the rest of the cake. Let's get you cleaned up right now," and proceeded to lead her off to the ladies room. As they headed out of the room, Alexis stepped forward to hand Jenn's jacket to Madison as the two women exchanged quick smiles.
Fortunately they had the rest room to themselves, and Madison insisted that the blonde take off her top so they could rinse it under cold water. Jenn somewhat reluctantly unbuttoned the top, revealing the beige bra underneath. It was of course conservatively styled, with underwiring and built-in cups for support. Nevertheless, the curves of her DD breasts could be seen peeking over the cute lace trim across the top and, as much as its wearer might have preferred to avoid it, some cleavage was visible between the cups.
Madison handed the jacket top to her friend while she went to work on cleaning the shirt. She tried applying some hand soap to the fabric, then rubbing the cloth against itself. Although that removed most of the icing, some of the dark chocolate stain was still visible. And now most of the front of the shirt was soaking wet.
"I can't put that back on!" Jenn exclaimed. "Never mind the stain, it's all wrinkled and wet."
"Hmm," Madison said, turning the shirt over and over in her hand and examining it, as if she was just realizing what she had done. "I think you're right."
"Of course I'm right," her friend replied. "And I think you knew exactly what you were doing." She crossed her arms across her exposed stomach and frowned. "Well, I hope you're enjoying this."
"Oh Jennie, that's not it," Madison said as she reached out to take her friend's hand, hoping to defuse the situation. "The question is, are you enjoying this? I want to make this a memorable evening for you."
That caused Jennifer to pause. She had already acknowledged to herself that the party was in fact a lot of fun. And even as she thought about the humiliation of having her pants pulled down and being spanked in front of her colleagues, she had also found it exciting and, yes, even enjoyable.
"Well, I have been trying to be a little more open to things tonight, you know, a little more relaxed," she confided in Madison. "Especially now that I'm getting so old," a comment that caused both women to smile.
"I'm so glad to hear that," Madison responded. "And if you really mean what you've just said, then I have a suggestion. Picking up Jennifer's jacket and handing it to her, she said, "Put this on, but first..," and then she leaned closer and whispered something into her friend's ear.
Jenn's face turned red, and she momentarily pulled back from her friend. "I can't do that," she said in a raised voice. But then pausing, she looked around, her eyes slowly widening. "I mean I can't, can I?"
The tone of her response had changed completely in ten seconds, going from adamant refusal to almost a request for permission, permission that her best friend was only too willing to grant.
"Of course you can. It's a great look, and you will totally rock it!"
A few minutes later the two women emerged from the ladies room. Madison insisted that Jenn go first, in part so she could stop her if she tried to run back into the rest room but also so she could scan the room to check out the reactions of the other diners.
But Jennifer was far from paying any attention to what her friend was doing. She was lost in her own world, both trying to deny what she was doing while at the same time, as if she were gathering data for a research report, observing how many sets of eyes were noticing her.
She was wearing her smartly tailored black jacket, with the one button securely fastened in the front just above her waist. From a distance, nothing would have seemed out of the ordinary about her outfit. But for anyone within twenty feet of her, even a quick glance would have revealed that the jacket was the only item of clothing she was wearing above the waist.
Behind her, her friend discretely carried a small bundle of clothing, the white shirt carefully folded around the now discarded beige bra. The cut of the jacket, which had a very professional look to it when worn over any top, assumed a very different appearance with nothing on under it. The lapels of the jacket were cut wide, completely covering the outer curves of her breasts. But particularly with her DD cups, the material just barely managed to extend over the centers of her breasts, making it seem like her areolas might slip into view at any moment as she walked through the room. The inner curves of her tits were on full display, showing massive amounts of cleavage. And thanks to the positioning of the solitary button, a bit of skin and even her belly button could be seen above the tops of her pants.
And people were definitely noticing. Diners seated in her direction looked up from their meals, trying not to stare but unable to resist the view. It was indeed a rare sight, a curvaceous blond walking through a respectable restaurant displaying as much of her breasts as would be possible without getting thrown out of the place. And through it all, Jennifer walked confidently, unhurriedly, looking from side to side as she surveyed the admiring crowd.
"Kind of fun, isn't it?" Madison said softly as she came up close behind Jenn. But her friend made no response, she was in her own little world, and she was definitely enjoying it.
While the people in the dining room had to limit their reactions to a quick glance or a whispered comment to their dining companions, there were no such restrictions on her friends' responses once Jennifer re-entered the party area.
"She's back," called out Alexis before fully absorbing the reality of Jennifer's change of clothing. "It sure took you two long enough...," and then she abruptly clamped her mouth shut as everyone in the room turned to gawk at the blonde's altered appearance.
It was Alexis' husband who saved the day. Stepping forward, Dave walked over to Jenn and matter-of-factly stated, "Well, I see you got rid of the stain. Good job!"
The group laughed, releasing some of the tension in the room. Conversation resumed, and Jennifer offered some explanation involving Madison's terrible influence over her, but everyone reassured her that she looked great and that the jacket made for a very classy, sexy look.
Of course, Ryan and Kyle wasted no time in coming over to Jenn and engaging her in conversation. They started talking about the planned systems upgrade scheduled for next month, a topic that under normal circumstances she would have actually had a lot of interest in discussing. But tonight she just let them babble on, struck by the way they tried to prolong the conversation even when she wasn't saying much. She even found it amusing that they were unable to keep their eyes off her tits. Every ten seconds or so, they tried looking at her eyes when they talked but almost immediately their attention shifted downward again.
For a brief second, Jennifer found her fingers holding the single button on the jacket, and she toyed with the idea of unsnapping it. But she already felt things were moving too fast, so she took a deep breath and tried to calm herself down.
Just then she felt a tap on her shoulder, and things heated up again. She turned to see Alexis, not realizing at first who was behind her. But then as she focused, she recognized her boss, Ron Sunderland, and his wife.
"Look who I bumped into in the dining room just now," Alexis said in a cheerful voice. "I mentioned we were celebrating your birthday in here and they wanted to stop by."
"Hope we're not interrupting," Ron began as Alexis stepped aside so he could shake Jennifer's hand. We won't intrude for long, but we did want to say..." By now, Ron was face to face with his chief finance officer and had finally realized what she was - or more precisely - wasn't wearing on top.
His mouth literally did hang open, only for a second or two, but he suddenly seemed at a loss for words. "That is, Kathy and I, just wanted to say happy birthday," and then he started to cough as his mouth got dry.
"I don't think we've met," his wife said, trying to cover for him. "I'm Kathleen Sunderland. It's a pleasure to meet you."
Jennifer was as surprised as her boss, trying to maintain her composure even while she could feel her embarrassment growing. She was barely able to reply, "Nice to meet you, Kathleen."
"I've heard so much about you," she continued. "Ron says you're the best finance person in the business. But I can see," she went on with a sideways glance at her husband, "that he really didn't do justice to all of your talents."
"I'll take that as a compliment," Jenn said, trying to recover her poise.
"It is," said Kathleen with a bemused smile. "Anyway, happy birthday Jennifer, and have a great time tonight. Remember, you're only young once." She then turned to Alexis, whom she apparently already knew, allowing Ron to continue his conversation with Jenn.
For the next few minutes, they made small talk about birthdays, weekend plans, and how annoying the quarterly reports were. And all the while, the two of them were trying to ignore the obvious fact that she was standing right in front of him with her tits practically falling out of her jacket. At one point, Jennifer turned to pick up a glass of wine and she could feel the fabric slide across her chest. She was afraid to look down, but she had the distinct feeling that at least part of her areola might now be on display.
There was nothing she could do but continue chatting with her boss, trying to tamp down the feeling of nervous excitement. Ron was doing his best to avoid staring at Jenn's chest, but it was impossible to ignore the occasional urge to confirm that her tits really were as large as they seemed. Standing over six feet tall, whenever he glanced down he could the large swells of her milky white breasts straining against the fabric, and he was almost certain he could detect the outline of her nipples straining against the black fabric.
Jennifer felt engulfed in a flood of conflicting emotions, knowing that she was displaying her body to her boss and co-workers in a way she would not have considered possible even just a couple of hours ago. In truth, she wouldn't have minded if it continued for most of the night, but eventually Kathleen reappeared and led Ron back to their table in the other room.
Over the next half hour Jenn grew more and more relaxed, helped no doubt by an additional glass of wine. She was getting comfortable with the idea that her body attracted the notice of other people, and she was beginning to crave the attention not only of her friends but of relative strangers such as Cody and Nate. It was interesting, she thought, that she felt a bit of disappointment when she heard Alexis circulating through the crowd to remind them that they only had the room until 8:00, so they'd have to be heading out in the next ten minutes.
Vanessa and Luis were the first to come up to her, saying what a wonderful time they had had and wishing her a happy birthday. A few minutes later, Haley appeared and offered an apology.
"We have to leave now, Jennifer," she began. "Cody and I are meeting up with friends in a few minutes. We didn't know that this was going to go on all night. But your friend Madison just mentioned she's staying at this hotel and that everyone's going back to her room now. Sorry we can't hang around," she explained.
"Her room?" Jennifer said, trying to process this new information. She had just assumed Madison was spending the weekend at her apartment.
"Yeah, it was so nice of her to invite us. I mean we don't know her at all but she seems so sweet."
Jennifer nodded her head, trying to figure out just what her friend was up to. "Yes, she is," the blonde responded. "And so full of surprises."
Cody, who seemed please just to have a few extra seconds to admire Jennifer from close up, stuck out his hand, saying, "It was great to meet you. Great party." He paused, and then added awkwardly, "And I really like your outfit."
It was all she could do to not laugh out loud as she saw Haley quietly step on Cody's foot and grab his arm to pull him away. "Thank you, Cody," she replied, impulsively leaning over to give him a quick peck on the cheek as she brushed her breasts against his shoulder.
As soon as they moved away, Jennifer tracked down Madison, pulling her away from a conversation with Abby and Nate.
"Okay, so Haley just mentioned something about a party in your room. When were you going to tell me about this little surprise?" she said in an accusatory tone.
"Oh, did I forget to mention it?" Maddie replied in a very innocent voice.
"Yes, and you also forgot to tell me you're staying here. I have the sofa bed all set up for you in my apartment."
"Well of course I'm staying with you tomorrow night. But I was able to book the room using my travel budget from work, so I figured why not?"
"And just forgot to tell me?" Jenn repeated her question.
"Guess it slipped my mind in all the excitement." She grinned and then added, "I mean I was going to tell you but then we had to give you your spanking and you dropped the cake on your shirt and decided to go topless and everything. I guess I got distracted."
"Sure, you got distracted thinking up ways to humiliate me." She tried to act angry, but by now, she really couldn't pull it off. She had been embarrassed, but she had also been excited by all of Madison's scheming. She stared at her friend, who just silently grinned back at her.
The smallest smile started to creep across Jennifer's face. "Okay, I give up. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I'm actually having fun. Thank you."
Madison gave her friend a quick hug. "I'm so happy it's working out this way. But you know, I can't take all the credit," she said with a sly look. "Alexis helped out with a lot of it."
"Lexie?" Jennifer exclaimed. "Have you two been in touch with each other?"
"For months," Madison said bemusedly. "You've been our secret project, trying to figure how to save you from yourself."
"But you don't even know her. I mean, I know we met that time I was visiting you and they were there at a convention, but we only talked for a few minutes."
"While you were there, yes. But don't forget, Jennie, conventions go on for several days. And after you went home, Dan, Alexis and I met for dinner and drinks," she explained. "And when I told her about some of our college escapades, we decided we had to come up with a plan to help you get back in touch with that side of yourself."
"And what side is that?" Jenn asked, pointing down to her chest. "The side that likes to flash her boobs in public."
"Well, you do, don't you?" Madison responded.
That caught Jenn up short. She opened her mouth to speak, then closed it again, quickly replaying the last few hours in her mind. She also thought back to some of the crazy things she and Maddie had done in college. It was undeniable that there was a bit of an exhibitionist streak in her that had been repressed over the last eight years. But tonight it was like the genie had been let out of the bottle.
"You know," Jennifer replied, trying to look angry. "I hate it when you're right." She looked around at the dwindling crowd. "So you've got a room right here at the Marriott?"
"Yep, that's why we thought this would be a good choice for the first part of the celebration. I have a suite, so there's plenty of room for all to be comfortable."
"And who is coming?"
"Dan and Alexis, of course. And we had to twist Abby's arm, but she and Nate are coming. And your two admirers from IT."
"I bet they didn't need any arm twisting," Jenn replied good-naturedly. She shook her head and smiled, both pleased and annoyed at the lengths her two friends were going to in order to maximize her humiliation.
A few minutes later, a couple of busboys appeared to start cleaning up things. Madison pulled the waiter aside, and slipping him a tip, asked if he could make sure the remaining birthday cake was brought up to her suite.
"Room 601," she said, handing him a duplicate key. "Just leave it on the table in the dining area."
Eventually, the eight of them headed out, going back through the main dining area, past the bar and down a hallway that led directly into the main lobby of the hotel. Madison stopped briefly at the front desk, just confirming that the wine she had ordered had been delivered to her suite.
Now that Jennifer had begun to acknowledge the pleasure she took in being watched, she found the walk to the hotel lobby excited her, a warmth spreading through her body that couldn't be attributed solely to the alcohol she had consumed.
She lingered toward the back of her group, going at a fairly slow pace and turning from side to side in order to see the reactions of the diners. The bar had thinned out somewhat, but ten or twelve guys were still there, some by themselves and others in groups of two, and she noticed that every single one of them turned to look at her when she walked by. Almost subconsciously, she found herself fingering the solitary button that served to keep her suit jacket closed.
"I wonder what would happen if it accidentally came unsnapped," she thought as they walked into the hotel lobby. "Might as well try a little experiment," she muttered softly.
Because she was at the back of the group, none of her colleagues appeared to notice at first. The button popped open, and the jacket parted. By keeping her arms pressed against the front panels of the suit, Jennifer managed to keep her nipples hidden from sight. But her exposed flesh was now visible from her neck right down to her belly, and the inner curves of both breasts were fully on display.
Alexis pushed the button to summons the elevator, and as they grouped together to wait for it, some of her friends turned to the blonde in stunned amazement. Abby, who was standing next to her, seemed particularly alarmed. In a concerned whisper, she tried to let her know. "Oh Jennifer, I don't think you know, but something's wrong with the button on that jacket."
Her boss just smiled and made no response. Madison, who was standing on the other side of her friend, simply leaned over to whisper to Abby, "I think she knows." The elevator doors opened and they all got in.
By the time they arrived at the sixth floor, everyone had had the chance to examine Jennifer's cleavage at close quarters, and no one seemed to mind the change. In fact, she was so encouraged by their reaction that as they approached Madison's suite, she made a second decision.
"Seems kind of stuffy here, doesn't it?" and she stopped holding her arms against the sides of her jacket.
As they walked down the corridor to Room 601, the jacket front panels moved back and forth, uncovering and then covering her nipples. Jennifer wondered where the security cameras were placed in the hallway and tried to imagine the guard who might just this moment be getting an unexpected and entertaining break in his otherwise dull evening routine.
Going ahead of the group and using her key, Madison held the door open and allowed her guests to enter. Jennifer was the last one to come in, and as she passed her, Madison casually asked, "May I take the birthday girl's jacket?"
"Why not?" her friend responded without any hesitation. Her jacket slid effortlessly off her right shoulder and as Madison took hold of it, Jenn removed the jacket from her arms and stepped into the room completely topless. The genie was indeed out of the bottle.
Her large breasts sagged only slightly, but their natural firmness and roundness made for an appealing presentation. Her large areolas stood out against her pale white skin, and were highlighted by her perfectly centered nipples pointing slightly upward. And below her smooth belly, just the slightest roll of flesh could be seen above the waistband of her pants.
For just a second, Jennifer had a moment of panic. "What am I doing?" she thought to herself, displaying myself like this to the people I have to work with everyday. "What will they think of me, and how can I face them on Monday."
But then the panic subsided. She could detect no look of disapproval or censure; in fact, people were examining her with a sense of admiration and envy - she felt desired. As she saw the looks on their faces, she realized they were probably thinking "what will Jennifer think of me for staring at her this way?" She wondered if they could even begin to realize how much she was enjoying this. And in the entire group, Madison, the only one who knew her well enough to sense the thrill she was experiencing, simply looked over at her and nodded approvingly.
Entering the suite, the birthday girl could see a bedroom door off the left and one large open space straight ahead that was set up as a living room on the left and a dining area to the right. A sofa placed in the middle of the room served to divide the space. It faced left toward a coffee table, some chairs, and a widescreen TV mounted on top of a dresser against the far left wall. Behind the sofa to the right was a dining area, with additional chairs and a table where the cake had been placed alongside several bottles of wine.
Madison gestured toward the sofa and chairs and began to speak. "Thanks for coming here to continue the celebration. I see the guys have already made themselves comfortable," she said, gesturing to Abby's boyfriend Nate who along Kyle and Ryan, were already seated on the sofa in front of a coffee table. "I suggest that we all pull up a seat in a circle around the coffee table," she said, as she dragged a couple of chairs from the dining area and pulled them next to an arm chair.
"Oh, but not you, Jennie," she said, pointing to the topless blond. "You come over here with me for a minute."
Instinctively her friend obeyed, not with a shy, downward glance but with a proud, almost defiant look as her eyes scanned the group.
"You know," Madison continued, "we're all having so much fun tonight," and then added in a whisper under her breath that only Jennifer could hear, "especially you," her smile widening, "that I thought we should revisit some more of our sorority traditions."
She waited until everyone was seated, then led Jenn over to the side of the arm chair where Alexis was seated. "In college, the member who had the next birthday coming up always got to administer the spankings, and I just assumed that was me." She paused and looked directly at Jennifer, who seemed ready to blurt something else before Madison silenced her with a stare. "But I never checked with this group first. So I think the fairest thing now is for each of you to have a turn."
She stopped again, waiting for that statement to sink in. Jenn immediately understood what was in store for her, and she signaled her approval by moving closer to her friend and leaning slightly into her. For the others in the room, understanding seemed to slowly spread across their faces. Once Madison was convinced they had grasped her meaning, she continued.
"Now there are six of you here, so that works out very nicely to five paddles each." She turned to Jennifer with a big grin and said, "See, you're not the only one who's good with numbers."
The group chuckled, but no one seemed to object to the proposal. "So, why don't we start with Alexis," knowing that she would be a willing participant.
"Oh, but first Jenn," she said in off-handed manner, "I think you better lose the pants."
"Lose them? You mean, take them off completely?" she blushed demurely.
Before Madison could respond, the guys on the sofa started to chant "take them off, take them off," before they were silenced by a piercing stare from Abby.
"Yes, dear, completely. I mean, we don't want you tripping over them as you go around the room getting your ass spanked, do we?"
Somehow the use of the word "ass" served to focus Jennifer on the humiliating nature of what was about to happen. She had already been spanked once tonight in the presence of her friends and colleagues. But now they were actually going to be swatting her themselves, while she wore nothing but the thin beige panties stretched across her butt.
The room grew quiet as Jennifer reached for the zipper on the front of her pants and tugged it downward. Then, slowly spinning away from the group, she placed both hands on her hips and carefully slid the material off her hips, then gently tugged the pants - first one leg, then the other - down to her knees. At that point, gravity took over as her pants collapsed in a heap at her ankles and she carefully stepped out of her.
Now wearing only her panties, the group was able to fully appreciate the voluptuous blonde's body. Her 37-26-36 hourglass figure had curves in all the right places. Against the large expanse of exposed pale skin, her large areolas commanded everyone's attention, and even the pale red nail polish on her fingers and toes seemed to glow against her skin.
Alexis moved forward slightly in the chair as Jennifer started to kneel besides her, making it easier for the blonde to stretch out across her lap. Leaning forward, her large breasts dangled enticingly, her nipples brushing against Alexis's leg before finally hanging free as Jennifer assumed a horizontal position across the dark-haired girl's lap.
Just as Alexis raised her hand for the first swat, Madison called out, "Wait, this still isn't right." There was an audible groan from the group, and perhaps from Jennifer as well, as Madison seemed poised to stop the spanking. "The proper way to get a birthday spanking is in your birthday suit," she continued with a note of absolute glee in her voice.
There were certainly no objections from the crowd as Madison reached down and hooked her fingers on the sides of Jennifer's panties. Raising her body only slightly as if trying to preserve the last shred of her modesty, Jennifer allowed her friend to strip her of her final piece of clothing.
As Madison slowly pulled at the silky garment, Jennifer's ass crack became visible, lengthening as more of her milky white cheeks sprung into view. Once the panties had reached her thighs, the unveiling proceeded more rapidly, and with a quick tug, they were in Madison's hand and being tossed across the room.
It was a startling sight, the proud professional woman now entirely naked and stretched out across the lap of her colleague. Her pendulous breasts seemed even larger than their normal DD size, as they swayed to the rhythm of the spankings that Alexis administered.
Perhaps because she was nervous, the first smack from Alexis was particularly forceful, with a loud crack as her palm hit Jennifer's bare ass and left the faint outline of a hand on her pale cheek. The blonde gasped slightly as her friend whispered an apology.
The next two swats barely made a sound; it almost seemed like Alexis was massaging Jenn's butt rather than spanking it. But she then recalibrated the strength of her blows, delivering a quick one-two swat to the left and then the right cheek, producing a sharp crack as her hand met the fleshy cheeks of her friend. Unconsciously, Jenn emitted a soft sigh as she put her hands on the arm of the chair and pushed herself upright.
Now, for the first time, she knew she was exposing her pussy to the prying eyes of the group. Normally modest in her choice of swimwear, Jennifer had never felt the need to do any extensive shaving around her pussy, preferring instead to maintain a neatly trimmed triangle of pubic hair. Her friends were now discovering that she was indeed a natural blonde, although the color was darker, closer to brown that the strikingly blond hair on her head.
As she stood erect and was slowly led to the next chair where Dan eagerly awaited his turn, the group observed more of her intimate details. Like many women, her inner lips protruded beyond the outer labia. However, in Jenn's case they were perhaps a little larger than normal, so as she adjusted her stance beside Dan's chair and spread her legs slightly, her dangling lips could be discerned through the tufts of her curly pubic hair. Knowing that she was allowing such a brazen display sent a jolt of electricity through her body, and Jennifer felt a surge of warmth that actually made her legs tremble.
She quickly knelt next to Dan and bent over, her tits passing just inches from his eyes, then brushing against his chest and legs as she stretched out and awaited her next five swats.
At this point she discovered a new dimension to the birthday ritual. As she stretched across his lap, her right shoulder came to rest against his upper thigh. Dan wiggled uncomfortably, trying to shift Jennifer's body closer to his knees. She found herself having to suppress a girlish giggle as she felt the warm bulge in his pants and realized that her friend's husband was getting aroused.
He efficiently administered the spanking, five quick paddles that were not hard enough to hurt but nevertheless delivered in a way that produced a clear audible smack and a slight reddening of her ass. "Seems like he's had experience with this," Jenn thought to herself as she began to push herself back into a standing position. She turned to quickly glance at Alexis, with a questioning look in her eyes. "Hmm, I wonder..."
Madison made sure that her friend moved next to Abby, although by this time there was no doubt that Jennifer was an eager participant. But she suspected that the young assistant would need some encouragement, and she proved to be right.
"Oh please, I don't think I can," Abby said, trying to beg off her turn. Jenn stood before her, suddenly blushing for the first time since arriving in the suite. Somehow standing fully naked before her subordinate, who in her seated position was staring directly at her pussy, seemed like the ultimate humiliation. She didn't want the others in the room to see her red face, so she quickly stretched out across Abby's lap, her face now directed to the floor as she listened to her best friend guiding the young woman.
"It's not a big deal," Madison assured her. "In the sorority, we all did this differently," she continued, taking Abby's hand and placing it on top of Jennifer's ass. Still holding the young woman's hand in her own, she began moving it in a circular pattern across Jennifer's cheek, turning the motion into a gentle caress.
"You see, you can do it very lightly, like this," she said, raising Abby's hand, then just letting it fall back against Jenn's exposed flesh. "That's one," she called out, while continuing to lead the novice's hand. Bringing her hand to the side of the cheek, almost to the hip, she then lifted Abby's hand and directed it down with more force, resulting in a slight slapping sound. "Two," she counted out.
It can be more like that," she continued with Abby's tutorial, "not even really a spank. It's whatever you're comfortable with."
"Oh, okay," Abby said in a quiet voice as her hand began to move under its own power, resuming the rubbing motion as she unconsciously caressed her boss's ass. "Three," the young assistant called out with a proud little laugh, as she brought her hand down lightly on the center of Jenn's ass.
Although the blow itself was so light that it barely registered with its recipient, Abby had turned her hand sideways so that when it struck Jenn's butt, it ended up settling in between her ass cheeks, and Abby's little finger suddenly disappeared from view.
At first, it didn't appear to register with Abby, but as she instinctively resumed her rubbing motion, she actually buried a second finger in Jenn's crack as her pinkie moved closer to the blonde woman's sensitive little hole. Instinctively, Jenn clutched her ass cheeks together, and Abby realized what she was doing. With an embarrassed gasp, she quickly withdrew her hand before almost anyone in the room had noticed. She then awkwardly administered two more quick swats, again barely making a sound or leaving a mark.
"There now, that wasn't so hard," Madison responded as she gave the young woman an encouraging pat on the back. "In fact, I think the birthday girl really enjoyed it," signaling that she at least had not missed the unexpected destination of Abby's fingers.
"Well, let's see," the lanky brunette said as she escorted Jennifer to the sofa, "What's the best way to do this?" Looking at the three guys, she thought for a moment before concluding, "only one thing I can think of. Come on Jenn, let's stretch you right now over all three."
Jennifer tried to object, knowing that she would be in that position for a prolonged period of time while each guy administered their five spanks. And she knew that each one would have their hands on her the entire time while also inspecting every inch of her body. She involuntarily shuddered, unsure whether she was experiencing a sense of dread or anticipation.
As she squirmed across their laps, she could feel the bulges in the pants of all three men. Madison, standing closest to Kyle, signaled that he should begin. However, rather than launch right into a spank, he seemed to follow Abby's lead by beginning to massage Jennifer's ass, one hand on each cheek, and pulling on them as he kneaded them with his fingers.
It soon became clear that he too had observed Abby's stray fingers, and he seemed intent on following in her footsteps. As he pulled on each cheek, Jennifer's pink asshole would pop into view for just a second, then disappear from sight as Kyle pressed her cheeks together. It was as if she were winking at the crowd with her cute little bud, leaving almost everyone in the room speechless.
Jennifer was pretty sure she knew what Kyle was trying to do, and her suspicions were confirmed when the group grew silent. But she made no move to stop it, but instead submitted to this next phase in her humiliation. It finally fell to Madison to interrupt, saying, "Stop being a dick, Kyle. Just give her the five spankings."
Knowing her face was hidden from view, Jennifer allowed herself a big smile, glad to see her friend sticking up for her. And in response, he quickly administered his five swats and muttered to Ryan to go. Jenn noticed that his hands ceased their explorations and simply remained at rest on her legs while the next two took their turns.
Although Ryan delivered his spankings with a little more force, he proceeded in a very straightforward manner, seemingly not wanting to be called out by Madison. But as they turned to Nate, they realized some adjustments would have to be made, since Jennifer's shoulder blades were directly in front of him, and it was almost impossible for him to reach her butt.
Of course, Nate had been happy not to say anything about this situation, because the entire time that Ryan and Kyle was administering their swats, Jennifer's massive tits were pressed directly into his thighs. And inevitably as each blow was administered, her body moved, meaning that part of her left breast was almost continuously rubbing against his dick. She had no doubt that this was registering with the young man, as she could feel the erection in his pants, getting harder as each blow was delivered.
In order to reposition herself, Jennifer stood up and walked around to the other end of the sofa. And as soon as she stood up, Abby glared at Nate. At first he wasn't sure why, but then as her eyes shifted knowingly between his lap and his face, her boyfriend looked down and saw the huge tent pole pitched in his pants. He quickly tried to cup his hands over his lap, but the gesture came too late. Alexis, Madison, and Dan had all seen Abby's signals and were exchanging knowing looks among themselves.
Kneeling at the other end of the coach and positioning herself across Nate's lap, Jenn's breasts were now pressing against Ryan's thighs. But having observed the situation with Nate, Ryan had planned ahead and parted his legs, allowing her DD tits to wedge themselves between his thighs. He also managed to partially cover his right forearm with a small throw pillow from the sofa, which disguised the fact that his right hand was actually under the outstretched blonde, reaching across his thigh, and in a perfect position to play with one of her tits. He waited until Nate raised his hand, and then timing it to coincide with the spank, pinched Jennifer's breast just as the blow struck.
Caught unaware, Jennifer actually squealed out loud. But everyone assumed that her butt was getting sore from the accumulated spankings, and Nate quickly apologized. "I'm sorry," he stammered, "I'll try to be softer."
Her first instinct had been to tell Ryan to knock it off, but she actually had to admire his planning. And in the spirit of her birthday resolution to be a little more open to things, she decided to let it continue for one or two more swats.
By Nate's second attempt, Ryan had actually managed to move his fingers further under the reclined figure and find her nipple. So, at this point, he tried pulling more than pinching, and he could feel her nipple harden in response. No sound of protest arose from the naked lady, so he gently massaged the sensitive tip and waited for the third blow.
With that spank, he tried to grab more of the breast and pull, but the fleshy orb slipped from his grasp. So, on numbers four and five, he returned to a straightforward pinching and pulling of the nipple, and ended up by flicking his fingernail against the stiffened end of her breast.
Having reached the count of thirty, she stood up and was given a round of applause by her friends. Standing there and facing the group, she nodded her head and smiled, acknowledging not only their cheers but also her pride in facing them in all her naked glory.
"Turn around, Jenn," Alexis teased. "We want to see how red you are."
Placing one hand on her hip, then shaking a finger at the group as if to say "oh you naughty children," she feigned reluctance, then shrugged her shoulders and said with a sigh, "Well, I guess it doesn't make much difference at this point."
Turning slowly around, she paused with her back to the crowd and wiggled her hips just enough to make her ass cheeks sway gently back and forth.
"Doesn't look too bad," Dan called out, as the blonde glared at him over her shoulder.
"Not too bad?" Madison chimed in, trying as always to heighten Jennifer's embarrassment. "I think her ass looks damn good!"
This brought a murmur of agreement, with Kyle and Ryan being particularly obvious in voicing their agreement. Then, Jenn continued to turn, knowing full well that all eyes in the room were staring at her. The feeling as she faced her friends was delicious, sending electric tingles up and down her body.
Before anyone could say anything else, Jennifer spoke up. "Somehow it seems appropriate that here it is my birthday, and I've ended up at a party wearing just my birthday suit."
It was a lame joke at best, but the simple fact that she was calling attention to her nudity seemed to excite both her and the group. Given the reactions, particularly the way the two IT guys were behaving, Madison stepped in and decided to change the subject.
"And speaking of birthdays, we still have plenty of cake left. So, Jennie, just one more tradition before you put your clothes back on, why don't you help me serve the cake to anyone who didn't get a piece at the restaurant.
The group remained seat on the sofa and chairs facing the TV on the left wall, which meant that as Madison and Jennifer moved to the dining room table, they were behind the crowd and could actually enjoy a little bit of privacy.
"Here," Madison said, cutting two pieces of cake, placing them on paper plates with a fork and handing them to her friend, "why don't you bring these over to our guests?" She could barely contain her devilish grin, knowing that she was asking the naked blonde to parade back in front of her friends.
Offering no objection, Jennifer slowly walked to the other side of the room, standing at the end of the coffee table, with Abby on her right and Kyle less than two feet from her on the left.
"Oh, none for me," Abby quickly replied, and her boss turned to offer some cake to the guy.
"Oh, yeah, thanks," Kyle said, pointing to the coffee table. "And you can just give Abby's piece to Ryan," pointing to the friend sitting next to him.
Jenn handed one slice and waited for him to pass it along, but Kyle immediately started eating. So instead, the buxom blonde was forced to lean forward in order to hand the other piece to Ryan, resulting in her tits dangling less than a foot from the young man's face. At the same time, Abby glanced up to see her boss's ass as she bent forward, her pussy lips now visible from behind.
Jennifer straightened up, returned to the dining area, and was given two more pieces of cake. Returning this time to the other end of the coffee table, she handed off a piece to Nate but carried the other plate back to Madison when Alexis and Dan passed on the second serving of cake.
"All done?" Jennifer asked, as she moved to the far right side of the dining room table where her friend was standing.
"Not quite," Madison replied with a twinkle in her eye. "I'm going to have a piece. Would you like one?"
"No, not really," her friend replied. "You know, butterflies in my tummy. I couldn't eat a thing."
"Well, I know just the cure for that," as she took hold of her friend's hand. "Here, why don't you just lift that little butt of yours up on the table and sit there while I finish my cake? That is, if it's not too tender?"
"No," Jennifer said with a broad smile, "everyone was really very good about the spanking." She hopped up on the table, holding the side with her hands as she wiggled her way back until her knees just hung over the edge. "You know," she giggled, "it's a nice change to be off my feet and not staring at the floor!"
"I'll assume that means you're happy to be looking at me," Madison replied brightly. "No hard feelings?"
"Not at all," her friend said, and then after a moment's thought, at least not now. "Although an hour or two ago I was ready to kill you!"
Madison had been holding a plate with a fork in her hand, and as they spoke, she put the piece of cake on the table, then grabbed several small pillows from a nearby chair and placed them on the table. "Why don't you put your feet up and lean back a little? You know, relax and enjoy yourself, Jennie," her friend softly intoned.
Jennifer did nothing to resist. In fact, she grew more excited as she slid back, placing both feet on the table and starting to recline. Knowing that her most intimate parts were now fully on display to her closest friend, the blonde closed her eyes and inhaled deeply, certain she could detect the musky aroma of her arousal. Madison leaned over and slid the pillows behind Jenn's head, helping to support her shoulders as she stretched out across the full length of the table. Then, taking hold of her friend's hands, Madison intertwined their fingers and, looking deep into her eyes, smiled wickedly.
"We've all had our fun tonight," she purred. "Now it's your turn to take over."
As Jennifer felt her hands being guided to her thighs, she instinctively started to spread her legs farther apart. Then, letting go of her friend's hands, the blonde moved her fingers upwards and began to stroke the light-colored curls surrounding her pussy.
Madison stood up and momentarily looked away from Jennifer's face to glance across the room. Although most of the group was facing away from them, she could see that a couple of the people sitting in chairs were staring directly at them, fully aware that Jennifer was lying on the table with her legs wide open.
"It's okay," Madison lied to her friend, "no one's paying any attention to us."
She saw Jennifer's eyes flicker open and shut as the blonde smiled and softly murmured, "Are you sure?" And suddenly it occurred to Maddie that her friend no longer cared whether anyone was watching or not.
The simple truth was that Jennifer was beyond the point of no return. The last few hours - the humiliating spanking in public with her pants pulled down, the near topless display she put on in front of her boss and all the strangers in the restaurant, and now getting naked in front of her co-workers as they passed her around taking turns swatting her ass - had changed her, taking her from a feeling of embarrassment and denial to a place of discovery. She wanted people to notice her, to respond to her body, and she was excited by any situation that gave her the chance to display herself to others. She didn't necessarily feel compelled to seek them out, but it felt so good to surrender to those situations when they happened.
And it was happening now, as her fingers moved along the outside of her pussy lips. Looking straight into the eyes of her best friend, she could see Madison's enjoyment in Jennifer's wanton sexuality. She slid a finger inside, surprised at how moist she had become.
Jennifer didn't even realize when started to moan until her friend put a finger over her own lips, signaling her to be a little less noisy. She smiled through half open eyes, and imitated Madison's gesture by removing her finger from her pussy, bringing her hand up to her lips, and slowly licking first one, then two, and finally three of her fingers.
With that added lubrication, she moved her hand back down and inserted two fingers between her now dripping lips. Reaching up inside herself, she buried her fingers deeper in her pussy while her thumb sought out her clit and massaged the straining button.
Madison watched in awe, wondering where this new-found confidence and brazen behavior had come from. "What sort of slut have I created?" she thought to herself, as her friend quickly moved to a climax.
Madison had her hands holding onto Jennifer's thighs, partly to stop her from sliding off the table but chiefly to be able to feel the incredible heat coming from her friend's body. She was certain that the others in the room had to be aware of what was going on, and when she glanced over, she could see Dan and Alexis turned in their chairs to look at the two women, while the three guys on the sofa were twisting around to see what was happening. Everyone had fallen silent, and no one moved.
Jenn's legs started to shake as she moaned louder, her eyes seeming to roll backward in her head. The groans were now audible to everyone in the room, along with the moist sounds of her fingers furiously rubbing her sloppy wet pussy. Suddenly, Jenn clenched her knees together and stopped, growing silent as a smile spread across her face. Opening her eyes, she stared directly at Madison with a pleading look that seemed to say, "What just happened?"
Her friend just smiled and whispered, "Happy birthday, Jennie."
Gradually conversation resumed on the other side of the room, and Madison helped the blonde sit up and lower her legs off the table as she seated herself on the table's edge and put her arm around the blonde. "You are one amazing lady," she said with a warm smile, pulling her friend close to her. "But then, I've known that for the last ten years."
She paused for a minute to allow Jenn to catch her breath. "Well, first things first. Why don't you slip back into your panties," she continued, handing her the silky garment that had somehow ended up on the table among the pieces of birthday cake. "I'll track down your pants and jacket and bra. And," she concluded, pointing to the bedroom door that was just to the left of where they entered the room, "I think you'll find Lexie put your shirt in there so it could finish drying out."
Calling out to the group on the other side of the room, Madison asked, . "Who's up for going out to get a bite to eat?" There was general agreement that people wanted something more substantial than just birthday cake, so Alexis and Dan started to get everyone organized while Madison took her friend to the bedroom so she could finish dressing.
About fifteen minutes later, the group was heading out of the suite and on their way to a nearby late-night diner that was nearby. Most of them had had little to eat all evening, and Madison figured that getting food in Jenn's stomach would help to absorb some of the wine that Alexis and she had been plying their friend with all night long.
The walk to the diner in the cool night air helped Jennifer to clear her head. Once there, they were quickly seated, and she suddenly realized that she had had almost nothing to eat since lunch and was ravenously hunger. The food came quickly, and as the meal wore on, the blonde noticed that there was definitely something different in the way the group were treating her.
She felt that her colleagues had always respected her professionally, but now there almost a sense of awe in the way they talked to her. The guys definitely seemed hesitant when they spoke, even Dan, whom she had gotten to know quite well over the last couple of years. And Ryan and Kyle practically fainted each time she looked at them, and she quickly realized she would have no problem intimidating them around the office if they ever started to get out of hand.
Only Alexis and Madison seemed to treat her the same, although both confessed to a great sense of relief that Jennifer had responded to the night's events the way she had.
"We really didn't know whether you'd go along with any of this," Lexie explained as they shared a delicious and completely unhealthy meal of burgers and fries. "But Jennifer said you had a crazy side in college, and she really wanted to bring that out in you again."
"We just want you to be happy, Jennie," Madison said. "You're too young to be so serious, and I was sure I could show everyone here the girl I used to know."
"There's no doubt," Lexie added with a laugh, "that you succeeded in showing us a whole new side of Jenn!"
"Well, you may have stirred up more trouble than you counted on," Jennifer replied with a grin. Then, as Madison turned to talk to Dan, the blonde leaned closer to Alexis and whispered something in her ear.
It was after 11:30 when they finally paid the check and walked back to the hotel. They all said good night to Madison in the lobby, with Jennifer confirming that she'd come by in the morning and meet her for breakfast. The tall brunette disappeared into the elevator, and as the doors closed, Dan pulled out his phone to call an Uber.
Alexis put her hand on his arm to stop him. "Not yet, mister," she said with a huge grin. "The night has just begun."
"What?" he exclaimed, and then he noticed the big smile on Jennifer's face. "What exactly is going on here?"
It took only a minute to explain, and even less time to get the group's assent to going back upstairs and knocking on Madison's door. "Okay," Dan said looking at the time on his phone, "it's almost 11:55, so in just a few minutes we can head up in the elevator.
Meanwhile, in her room Madison had slipped out of her clothes and was standing in just her panties when she heard a distant sound, a tapping on the door to her suite. Guessing that someone must have left something behind, she grabbed a robe from her closest and went to the door. Through the eyehole, she could see Jennifer standing there alone.
"Okay, Jennie, what did you forget?" she asked as she opened the door.
"Can't you guess?" responded her friend in a sort of absent-minded voice. "You know, I was just telling everyone that you're only one day younger than me and how much fun it was in college when we got to celebrate together. That's when I realized that tomorrow you'll be getting a spanking," she said, grinning at her best friend. Then, speaking more loudly, she added, "Or is it already your birthday?"
With that, the six friends appeared from around the corner of the hallway, walking up to join Jennifer as Dan, holding his phone aloft, proclaimed, "12:02."
"Surprise," they all shouted out in unison, joining Jennifer as they marched into Madison's suite, ready to continue the birthday tradition.
The end