^^^
Have you ever had one of those days when everything went wrong? I guess we all have. I'm not bragging, but I think my recent span of 24 hours has been worse than any of yours. I'd put money on it! You be the judge and when you learn that I'm right, send me your money. Bitcoin preferred.
P.S. All characters having sex or who saw my penis are over 18. Harry
^^^Friday, March 31st^^^
"That's the last of it. The quarterly report is done," Warren said. The gray-haired, senior accountant saved the file on the computer. He pushed himself away from his desk, took off his thick glasses, and rubbed his tired blue eyes.
"Whew!" Harry exhaled. The thirty-three-year-old, civil servant brought his hand to his thinning hair and ran his fingers through the short, brown hair. "I'm glad that's done. My vacation begins now."
"So you're going to Florida?" the slim older man asked.
"Yes. My family has rented a house near Fort Myers. It has a private beach on the Gulf of Mexico. It's my Grandmother's ninetieth birthday on Saturday. She loves the sun and the beach."
"I guess that gene skipped you," the sixty-year-old man teased his younger, pale co-worker.
"Not really. My girlfriend hates all outdoor activities. Acquiescing to her wishes has given me this ghost-like appearance. It'll be great to be in sunny Florida. Everyone in the family will be there because my grandmother's health is dodgy and we're worried she won't see her next birthday."
"Uh-huh. So she was born on April Fools day? I bet that had to be fun."
"It earned her the named April, and she says no one has pulled off more practical jokes."
"Ha. I bet. Enjoy yourself, Harry."
"Thanks. I will. I'm taking Sue to meet the family."
"Oh?" Warren grunted.
"Yes. Things are getting serious."
"Good luck. I hope mom and dad approve."
"They're pushovers. They want grandkids and will embrace anyone who can pop out a baby. Selling Sue on my family is the chore."
Harry got up, picked up his leather briefcase, and left his boss' office. He looked at his watch. The time was 6:35 p.m. He said to himself as he walked to the parking garage, "That took longer than expected, but I'm okay for time. I'll go home, shower, and finish packing. Then, Sue and I are off to the airport."
He got into his car, inserted the key, and turned it. The car didn't roar to a start. Instead, he heard an anemic "Click. Click. . . . click."
"Oh, no. The battery's dead. I must've left the lights on. How am I going to get home?"
He got out of the car. The garage was empty. "Damn it! Everyone's gone home."
He looked East and West and saw no one. Then, he looked North. Over the short concrete wall of the parking garage, he saw a taxi parked on the street.
"Maybe my luck's changing."
He ran out to the yellow cab. The cabbie was leaning against a dented rear panel smoking an unfiltered cigarette. Harry said, "Are you in service? My car won't start and I really need a ride."
The cabbie said in a gravelly voice, "The cab is out of service because the AC ain't working."
"I don't mind. I have to get home. I have a flight to catch."
"It will be hot as blazes in there. I don't know if I can blame global warming, but today is unusually hot."
"It's a 20-minute drive. I'll pay double."
"All right. Get in," the driver said. He opened the door for Harry.
"Thanks," Harry said. He flashed a smile and slid into the backseat. He gave the driver the address. It was as hot as Hell in the cab. Both men were soon sweating. The trip went fine, at first. However, after they got off the highway, two turns later they hit a traffic jam.
"Sorry, bub. Nothing I can do. All I see is red tail lights."
Harry loosened his tie, wiped the sweat from his brow, and said, "This will do. I can walk the last six blocks."
Harry glanced at the meter, reached for his wallet, and gave the driver some cash and said, "Keep the change."
He grabbed his briefcase, got out of the overheated vehicle, and began walking at a fast pace to his apartment building. He was covered in sweat and his breathing was labored when he arrived at the ornate front door of his building.
He found a shady spot and set his case down on the sidewalk. He put his hands on his knees and sucked in large quantities of air. It took him a minute to compose himself. Once his heart rate and breathing slowed, he said, "Wow! I'm out of shape. I guess having a gym membership isn't enough. You have to actually go and workout."
He went inside and pushed the cracked call button for the elevator. The light didn't come on. He pushed it again. A voice behind him said, "The elevator isn't working." He turned and looked at a short, chubby woman and her cute, little dog. He said sarcastically, "Great! That's the way my day is going."
He went to the stairs and pulled the large metal door open. "After you," he said. The woman replied, "No. You go ahead. Pepper has trouble with steps."
Harry went through the door and held it for the dog and the owner. After they were in the stairwell, Harry climbed the stairs taking them two at a time. By the time he got to the third floor, he was advancing one step at a time. By the time he arrived on the fifth floor, he was pausing to catch his breath every tenth step.
"Mother fucker! What a day!" he cursed under his breath as he got his keys out to open the door to his apartment. He let himself in and headed straight to the galley kitchen. He called out, "Sue. Sue?" There was no response. He put his briefcase on the linoleum floor and said, "I guess my fiancée isn't here."
He opened the refrigerate and grabbed a Yuengling Lager. He twisted the top off and drank deeply. Three swigs drained the bottle. His overheated, dehydrated body required more fluids. He sat at the kitchen table and downed a second.
He burped and then said, "I'll get a shower, finish my packing, and, hopefully by then, she'll be home and we can go."
He went into the bathroom, disrobed, and threw his soiled clothes into the hamper. He had a nice long shower. He rid himself of the sweat and grime he'd accumulated that day and he took the opportunity to do some manscaping. Then, he dried himself, wrapped the towel around his waist, and thought, "I could use another beer."
He headed to his kitchen. His journey took him through the living room where he encountered an old lady. They both screamed, "Ahh!"
Harry recognized the woman as his neighbor, Mrs. MacGillis. She was gobsmacked. Her eyes took in his doughy, pale, half-naked body.
"Mrs. MacGillis! What are you doing here?" he said. He grabbed hold of the towel.
She said, "You told me you were going on vacation and asked me to feed your fish. You gave me a key."
"Yes. I said I was flying out tonight, Friday night. I asked you to come over starting Saturday."
"Oh. Sorry. My mind and memory aren't what they used to be."
The apartment door opened and Sue barked, "Harry, you forget to lock the door again." She walked through to the living room and saw a seventy-year-old woman in a tired, cotton dress with a flower print talking to her half nude boyfriend. She was followed by a short Hispanic man.
"Did I interrupt something?" Sue asked with a smirk.
Harry looked at Sue and said, "No. Mrs. MacGillis will be looking after my fish. She's here a day early. Are you packed and ready to go? Is he here to help with the luggage?"
"This is Maximiliano. I've mentioned him before. Max. My old boyfriend Max."
Harry gave her a confused look. She continued, "You don't complete me. I gave Max another chance. We've been dating for two months. Sex with him is out of this world. I'm breaking up with you and moving out."
It was Harry's turned to be stunned. He said, "You've been living with me and dating someone else for two months? You told me you had to work late and that you were out of town on business."
"I lied."
Harry's face showed that he was reeling. He said, "Didn't you tell me Max was an illegal alien from Mexico who doesn't speak English and only has a six-grade education?"
"Yes. That's why we broke up, but now I see that doesn't matter. I'm learning Spanish." She turned to Max and said, "Te amo mucho."
Max smiled. Sue said, "I told him that I love him very much."
Harry's brown eyes were big and his mouth gaped open. He was dazed and stepped backward. His left leg rubbed against the sofa causing the towel around his waist to fall. He was now naked.
Mrs. MacGillis and everyone in the room saw that he'd shaved off all his pubic hair. His flaccid dick looked like a little gherkin. Max laughed. The old woman said, "How come you don't have any pubic hair? Did you have a bad case of lice or do you have some disease that made it fall out?"
Harry reached for his towel and quickly covered his dick. He was flustered and said, "No. I'm not ill or infested. My girlfriend ..."
"You did that for me!" Sue shrieked and then she laughed. A minute later, she said, "Did you do that because two months ago when I got one of your pubes caught in my throat, I got angry and said that unless you do something with your pubic hair I'd never give you a blowjob again?
"Ha! That was an excuse to stop giving you oral sex because I had decided to give Max a second chance. Why settle for a ho-hum taco when you can have a big, thick, beef burrito?"
"Amen to that, sister," Mrs. MacGillis said.
Sue grabbed Max's hand and said,"I'll be back this weekend while you visit your family and get my things." She turned and the two of them walked out.
Mrs. MacGillis asked, "Is your trip still on? Do you need me to take care of the fish?"
"Yes."
She left the apartment. Harry stood in the living room and he said, "That was awkward and embarrassing."
He skipped the beer, finished packing, and had a cab take him to the airport. He had dinner and three beers there. Then, he caught his flight and landed later that night in warm, tropical Florida.
A cab with a palm tree motif took him to the beach house his family was renting. His mother, June, and his father, Big Al, greeted him when he knocked and entered the large house. She said, "Hello, son."
His dad asked, "Where's your luggage?"
"The airline lost my bag."
His mother asked, "Where's Sue?"
"She's not coming. We broke up."
June came to him, hugged him, and said, "I'm sorry."
"Thanks, Mom."
The three of them spoke for ten minutes and caught up. Then his father said, "Grandmother and Aunt Judy, are sharing a master bedroom on the ground floor. Your mother and I have the other one. The second floor has four rooms with queen size beds. We put the married folk there: your Uncle Tom and Linda, Uncle Paul and Nicole, your Aunt Lorraine and Bill, and we saved the last one for you and Sue. It's the one with a seagull on the door.
"The unmarried kin are split between two dormitory rooms, one for the boys, one for the girls, on the third floor. I think you are the last one to arrive. The beer and liquor are outside. Most people are on the deck or at the beach."
Harry went to the patio. Many members of his family were there. When he stepped through the French doors, Uncle Tom shouted, "Hey! Harry. How's it hanging? Where's Sue?"
"We broke up."
"Ahh, man. Sorry," Tom said. "Ian, get this guy a beer and keep them coming. He needs to forget a woman."
"Right-o. I'll get him blotto," the younger man said. He brought over three bottles. The men sat and drank. Their conversation was sparse. Periodically, others came over. They sensed that Harry wasn't in a partying mood and left after a perfunctory hello.
Around midnight, Harry stumbled inside and went into the hall bathroom. He unzipped his pants, grabbed his dick, and said, "I must be drunk. I'm swaying like a willow in the wind. If I start peeing, I'll make a mess of this room. I better sit down."
He undid his belt, shoved his pants to his ankles, and plopped down on the toilet. He sat and peed and then, fell asleep perched on the commode.
Ten minutes later, his cousin Carla knocked on the door. Not hearing a response she opened the door. "Oh, sorry. I didn't know anyone was in here," she said. She began to close the door and noticed that Harry hadn't responded or reacted. The brunette paused and asked, "Are you okay?"
This time she got a response. He snored. She giggled. Her sister Terry walked by and asked, "What are you laughing at?"
"Uncle Harry's passed out on the toilet."
"What? You're kidding," Terry peeked in and said, "Wow."
"What are you two doing?" asked Ian, their older brother.
"Uncle Harry's asleep on the toilet," Terry said and snickered.
Ian looked into the bathroom and said, "He's had a bad day. His fiancée broke up with him. Give me a hand and let's get the poor man to his bed."
The three of them went inside. Ian and Terry stood beside him. Carla stood in front of Harry. She said, "Uncle! Uncle! Wake up."
He murmured unintelligibly, "Mmmbbaa."
She tried again, "Uncle Harry, stand up. We'll help you get to your bed."
Ian said, "Terry, grab an arm. We can get him upstairs. On the count of three. One. Two. Three."
"Stand up, Harry," Carla ordered as her brother and sister lifted the thirty-three-year-old man to his feet. His pants stayed with his ankles. His naked penis popped into view below his pale, paunchy stomach and above his alabaster white, chicken legs.
Terry cried out, "Carla, pull up his pants. I don't want to see his cock."
Her sister knelt and tugged on his pants. "They're tangled around his ankles." She looked up at everyone and said, "Eew! His dick is in my face. Whatever possessed him to shave his pubes?"
"That's not a good look. The bare patch draws your eyes and rewards you with an unobstructed view of his dick," Terry said.
Ian chipped in his two cents. "It's wrong. Like a hairless cat is an abomination. A man shouldn't shave everything off down there. It's weird and gross."
Ian leaned down and grabbed his uncle's pants. He yanked hard and pulled them up. Carla helped. They got his pants in place and Carla quickly latched them. She burst out laughing and said, "There. Done. The world is a safer place."
As the three of them walked Harry down the hall, he woke. "Huh. Where ... Where are we going?" he slurred.
"We are taking you to bed," Ian said.
"Good idea. I had a lot to drink."
"Really!" Carla said in an exaggerated manner.
The helped him up the stairs and got him to his bed. He sat down heavily and nearly tipped over. He righted himself and started pulling at his tee shirt. The shirt became stuck on his head. Ian tugged on it and it came free. Harry got it off and tossed it on the floor. Then, he started to undo his pants.
"Whoa! This is where I leave," Carla said and walked out of the room. Her brother and sister followed her. Terry teased her and said, "Little sister, afraid you'll see his little white mouse again?"
"Yes!"
Ian closed the door as they exited. Harry stripped his clothes off, dropped them on the floor, and got under the sheet. It wasn't long before he was snoring.
His sleep was interrupted a half an hour later. His younger sister, Emma, and her boyfriend, Charles, burst into the room. Charles flipped on the overhead light. She rushed over to her brother, ripped the sheet off him, and shouted, "Harry, wake up!"
"Huh? What?" He rolled over and his denuded privates came into view.
She saw his wiener, giggled and said, "Ugh. I don't need to see that."
Harry came to a fuller consciousness. He wondered why his sister was chortling. He followed her eyes and discovered his penis was uncovered. He reached out and quickly pulled the sheet over his stubby unit.
"What? Why are you here?" he asked. His face was red and not just from the alcohol.
"Mom told me that Sue didn't make the trip. I thought we could switch rooms. Oh, sorry that you broke up."
Harry said, "Thanks." His voice was flat. His eyes showed his pain.
"I have a single and you have a double. You are single and we are a couple. You know how Dad is. Even though Charles and I have been sharing an apartment for a year he doesn't want to acknowledge that we're sleeping together. That would corrupt the kids and ruin the whole social order."
Harry nodded. His parents were old school and preached "Just say no" to drugs and sex before marriage.
"We don't qualify for a room because we aren't married. They were letting you and Sue share a room because you were engaged. Charles and I would be more comfortable here. You'll be fine in a single. Can we switch rooms?"
"Sure. I don't need all this space. I'll be spending most of my time on the beach."
"Great," his sister said with a smile. "Do you need help packing?"
"Nope. The airline lost my luggage. All I have are the clothes I wore today."
His shirt, underwear, and pants were on the floor. His socks were tucked into his loafers. Emma scooped them up and said, "I've got your stuff. Why don't you keep the sheet? The other room is only a few steps away. It's the next one on the right. It has a beach ball on the door."
Charles held the door open. Harry stood, wrapped himself in the sheet, and reached for his meager belongings.
"Thanks a million, brother," Emma said.
Harry left. The door swung closed behind him. He heard his sister giggle, coo and moan. He assumed they had embraced and were kissing. A prelude to making love. He muttered to himself, "No reason for them not to have fun just because I'm miserable."
"What did you say, Harry?" asked his Aunt Linda, Tom's wife. She was walking toward him in the hall.
He looked up at his father's brother's wife. She was hot for a woman of any age. The older woman was tall, fit, and had a great rack. Tonight, she displayed her impressive cleavage in a hot pink halter top.
He said, "Nothing. Just talking to myself."
She said, "I'm sorry that you and Sue didn't work out."
Harry nodded. He was standing outside the seagull room. He began walking quickly toward his new room which was behind her. He hoped he could get inside and avoid any discussion of his breakup. He didn't want to discuss it or be the object of pity.
As he forcefully stepped forward, the sheet covering his body fell away. Part of the sheet had been caught by the closing door. He literally stepped out of the sheet and exposed his pale, naked body and four inches of soft dick to this gorgeous woman.
"Ha." She guffawed when his nude body suddenly came into view. Her eyes were riveted on his tight nutsack and the appendage that sprouted from it. Her hand went to her mouth and she hurried past him hoping to get out of earshot before she burst out laughing.
"Oh, no. Not again," Harry sighed. "I was almost safe."
He took the final few steps, opened the door, and stepped into his new room. He flipped the switch and looked around. He saw a single bed and a small dresser on one side of the room. On the other side was beach stuff: buggy boards, brightly colored plastic buckets and shovels for playing in the sand, beach umbrellas, various balls, and fishing gear.
He climbed into bed, pulled the sheet over his head, and after some tossing and turning, went to sleep.
^^^April 1st^^^
Saturday morning the sun rose. Harry didn't wake to take notice. Some of his cousins were up early. A half dozen eighteen to twenty-two years were up at dawn for a run on the beach followed by a healthy breakfast of muesli cereal, egg white omelets or smoothies.
Evan said, "I have bait. Let's go surf fishing."
"Good idea," Bob said.
Gerri said, "I bet I catch more than you."
"But not more than me," Elizabeth said.
"Or me," Jerry called out.
"Or me!" shouted Bailey.
"Okay. What's the deal?" Evan asked showing off his brilliant smile.
"Boys against the girls. Losers have to clean the fish and fetch the winners drinks for the day," Gerri proposed.
"Fine, but you have to bait your own hook," Jerry teased.
"Please! Show some respect. We're experienced fisherwomen," Bailey said. "Just because we have manicures and paint our nails, doesn't mean we're squeamish. If we can touch a guy's smelly dick, we can put a shrimp on a hook."
The group broke out laughing. The guys got the bait shrimp and took chairs down to the beach. The women went to the beach ballroom to some rods and reels. They walked right in.
"Oh, I didn't know anyone was sleeping in here," Gerri said.
Elizabeth said, "He's asleep. Let's grab the gear and go."
They found the equipment and quietly made their way to the door. Harry snorted like a bull elephant and turned over onto his back. When he rolled over, he left the sheet behind.
"Oh, my God!" Gerri gushed. "He's got an erection!"
"A case of morning wood," Bailey explained.
The cousins laughed. Elizabeth said, "Not bad."
"I'm no cock expert," Gerri said. "But that looks like a serviceable piece of equipment."
"True that!" Bailey said.
Their conversation woke Harry. They saw his eyes open. Elizabeth said, "Morning, uncle. We're just getting some fishing gear. Bye."
The three women hurried out of the room with the equipment. Harry yawned and watched them go. Then, he glanced down at himself and said, "Oh, God! Not again. Three more people saw my dick!"
He came out for breakfast, chatted with people for a while, and then returned to the room. He had a bad headache and was hungover.
^^^
Around noon, his Uncle Paul banged on the door and said, "Hey, Harry. Lunch is ready." He opened the door and found Harry dressed in the same clothes he had on yesterday and perched on the edge of the bed. He said, "The kids caught some fish. Bill is cooking them on the grill. Come on, you have to eat."
Harry grunted, stood, and followed the older man down the stairs and out on the deck. Everyone was there. He heard some snickering from the female cousins who had seen his dick. He saw Aunt Linda whispering to Uncle Tom. He assumed all conversations were about him and his unfortunate flashing incidents.
They had lunch. The fish was great. Gerri, Elizabeth, and Bailey explained in detail how their fishing technique, the double drop bottom rig, allowed them to out fish the guys who were using a fireball rig with brightly colored floats.
"Our set up had multiple hooks. We won and the guys had to clean the fish and they will be bringing us beers as we lay in the sun on the beach," Bailey said.
Uncle Paul asked, "Harry, has your bag arrived?"
"No."
"I brought an extra suit. You can use it," Paul said.
Aunt Lorraine said, "Won't your swim trunks be too big?"
Paul said, "He can use the drawstring to snug up the suit. He'll be alright."
Those that weren't in bathing suits, including Harry, drifted to their rooms to change. The others made their way to the beautiful, sandy beach. Paul dropped off the suit.
Harry pulled hard on the string and was able to get the trunks to hang on his hips. He grabbed a towel and joined his relatives on the beach. He spoke to everyone, drank, and swam.
The family played a fun, coed game of touch football on the beach. They talked smack and laughed a lot. Harry had two awkward moments. The first was when he reached out to touch tackled Bailey and she made a jump cut to avoid him. His right hand became entangled in her bikini top. He undid the bow on the horizontal straps that held her top in place.
She ran off. Her top, no longer restrained, went one way and her breasts became uncovered and went another way. The eighteen-year-old ran down the beach with her boobs exposed. She spiked the ball and declared, "That's a touchdown, suckers!"
Harry stared at her pert, tanned breasts and rosy pink nipples. He ran up to her and said, "I'm sorry. It was an accident!"
The confident teenager was slow to place the bra over her tits. Then, she reached behind her back and tied the straps. She said, "No worries. Wardrobe malfunctions and other accidents occasionally cause us to expose our bits." She gave him a wink and the game continued.
His second awkward moment came when Harry was running with the ball. He juked Ian and almost got away from him. In desperation, Ian reached out and snagged his bathing suit. The drawstring broke and the trunks came down. Harry tripped and lay sprawled on the sand. Eight of his relatives laughed when they saw his shaved penis and bare ass.
^^^
Dinner was another family barbecue on the deck. Afterward, two of Harry's aunt, Lorraine and Nicole, and his great Aunt Judy, herded him to a secluded part of the deck.
Judy said, "There are plenty of fish in the ocean."
"Huh?" Harry responded.
Lorraine said, "You know, there is someone for everyone. I had a terrible heartbreak before I met your Uncle Bill. And look at us now, we've been married 35 years and have three beautiful children."
"Yes," Nicole said. "You mustn't give up. What do you guys say, 'You can't get a hit if you don't swing the stick'."
"If you fall off the horse, get right back on," Judy offered.
"Oh. Right. Thank you, ladies," Harry said. He got the gist of the conversation. To get them to leave him alone, he said, "I appreciate your concern for me. I won't give up on love."
"Exactly," the three older women said in unison.
Grandmother April and a blond, athletic woman in her early thirties walked up to Harry and the ladies. The newcomer was pretty. She had a rich, deep tan that was easy to see since she wore a bikini top, short shorts, and flip-flops. She had an easy manner, a quick smile, and playful blue eyes.
April said, "This is Clarisa." She quickly introduced her to everyone. Hello's and handshakes were exchanged. Everyone sat.
April said, "I met her outside the liquor store. I had bought a fifth of Jack Daniels and she was sitting on a bench talking to AAA about her car trouble. I sat down to wait for Carla to finish her shopping. We got to talking and sipping whiskey while the auto club came and jump-started her car."
"Actually, it's my Grandmother Hazel's car. I'm visiting from Annapolis, Maryland."
April said, "What a coincident. Harry works in Annapolis." She gave him a look that prodded him to speak.
"Yes. I'm an accountant and I work for the city."
"I'm an information professional." She laughed jovially and added, "That's a fancy term for a librarian. I work at St. John's College."
The ladies were silent and left the two unmarried Marylanders to continue the conversation.
Harry said, "I considered going to school at St. John's. The idea of reading and discussing the Great Books of Western Civilization appealed to me, but I chickened out and went to the University of Maryland and got a practical degree in accounting."
"It is a unique school," Clarisa said in such a way that showed she bore him no ill will for having chosen to go to a more conventional school.
"I love that your mascot is a platypus and that every year you play the Naval Academy in croquet."
"And win a majority of the matches," she said proudly.
"Would you like a drink? Beer?" Harry asked, smiling broadly.
"Your grandmother and I had quite a bit of whiskey. I should have something without alcohol."
"Sweet tea? Coffee?"
"Sweet tea sounds nice," she said.
"I love coffee," Harry confessed.
April popped up and said, "I'll get your tea and coffee. I need to stretch my legs." She went to the kitchen and they stayed seated and talked.
Grandma April returned. Aunt Linda and Ian were with her. They were carrying trays. April presented them with an offering of raw carrots, celery, broccoli, and a dipping sauce. She said, "Care for a crudités?"
"Thanks," Clarisa said. She and Harry selected a carrot, dipped it in the ranch dressing and ate it.
With a flourish, Ian presented the second tray, smiled and said, "Care for a crudi-rat?" On the serving tray was a dead rat. Clarisa screamed, "Ahh!"
Then, she realized it was a fake and said, "Oh, I get it. April Fools."
Everyone laughed. Linda placed their drinks on a small table in front of them. She turned away from them and waved at someone. Clarisa picked up the tea and brought it to her mouth. Before, her lips touched the glass, she stopped, smiled, and said, "Very funny."
She reached into her glass and pulled out a plastic ice cube. She held it up and said, "A classic April Fools joke. The bug in a fake ice cube trick."
The others chuckled. Harry said, "Not only is today, April Fools Day, but it is my grand's birthday. She is the queen of pranks. I'm sure she organized this. I'd hoped everyone had gotten this out of their system."
Grandmama said, "She's fresh meat. I had to do it. It's my birthright."
Harry frowned at her, turned to Clarisa and explained, "This morning was a series of April Fools jokes. I was served a side of rat with my scrambled eggs. I might have eaten it, but someone had glued my silverware to the placemat."
Linda looked over her shoulder and said, "Harry, you like milk in your coffee, don't you?"
She turned to face him. She had attached clip-on toy wooden keg taps to her bikini top. She pushed her right boob forward and asked, "Do you want skim milk?" She shifted her shoulders, bringing her right breast back and shoving her left tit forward and said sweetly, "Or do you want regular milk?"
Clarisa lost it and burst out laughing. The others joined in. Harry waited them out. Then, he smiled and said, "My cousin Carla played that trick on me at breakfast. My family is full of comedians and they love their April Fools jokes."
"Here, Uncle," Ian said. He placed a small metal pitcher of milk and two packets of sugar on the table. He gathered up the trays. He took them and the rat away. Harry and Clarisa drank their drinks and their conversation resumed.
Dinner time came. Clarisa accepted Harry's offer to join them.
After dinner, there was more talking and more drinking. They switched to adult beverages. Someone turned on some music. People started dancing. Clarisa swayed to the beat of the music in her chair.
Harry asked, "Would you like to dance?"
"Yes. I love to dance," Clarisa said.
She was a great dancer and coaxed an acceptable performance out of Harry. The couple only had eyes for each other. That allowed April and Nicole to sneak behind Harry. The two women grabbed his oversized, borrowed swim trunks and pulled down. The poorly repaired drawstring broke and once again, his penis was exposed.
"Ta-da," April sang out.
"Grandma!" he screeched. His dick flopped into view. It was a healthy size and thickness. No doubt due to his flirting with Clarisa.
Six new women saw and smiled at his penis: April, Judy, Lorraine, June, Nicole, and Clarisa. Clarisa became the twenty-fourth person in twenty-four hours to see his dick.
She responded by shucking her shorts and panties off, and then, removing her bikini top. Harry was red-faced and confused. He stood there with his mouth open and his swimming trunks down around his ankles. He croaked, "Why? Why are you getting undressed?"
She stood there confidently in her birthday suit. She had medium-size, firm breasts. Her nipples were centered on her orbs and pointed forward. They were hard and long. Her waist was tapered and her belly was so flat that her hip bones jutted out. Her sex was shaved. Her legs were thin, toned and tan. Like the rest of her body.
"I'm naked because I enjoy being naked. I am a nudist. As you can see, I have a full body tan."
Harry looked her over again from head to toe. "Oh, yes. I see you have no tan lines." His dick twitched and grew hard expressing his admiration for her tight body. He said, "But why?"
He meant 'Why now? Why here?" She interpreted his question differently as if he was wondering 'Why be a nudist?'.
She laughed good-naturedly at his consternation and his erection. She said, "You know, there are health benefits to being a nudist. It's good for your skin. Good for your mood. It improves your sleep and it also reduces anxiety. When everyone is naked, everyone is equal. Who cares what car they drive? What labels are on their clothes? You also see that no one has a perfect body. It helps you accept your imperfections."
"I see, but why are you naked now?"
"Your grandmother told me you were interested in the naturist lifestyle but hesitant to try it. She said she'd give you a nudge and when you were nude, I should join you and be your guide."
"Not a very gentle nudge," he griped.
The two young people looked at the ninety-year-old. April said, "Was I wrong, Harry? All anyone here is talking about is that they've seen your penis. In the house, on the beach, and now I have seen it. If you don't want to be a nudist, how come so many people have seen your cock?"
Harry paused and thought about what she said. "Twenty-four people have seen my dick in the last twenty-four hours. I've had a series of unfortunate accidents that have led to people seeing my cock. It has been embarrassing and humiliating. I've never given any serious thought to being a naturalist. Though, I do like sleeping in the nude. Grandma is trying to help me and Clarisa is an interesting, hot chick. We have lots in common. I'd like to spend more time with her and seeing her toned, nude body is no hardship. Maybe I should give it a go."
Harry addressed his grandmother and said, "Grandma, you're right. I was afraid to come out and say it. Maybe my interest in nudism was working on my brain on a subliminal level. What else would explain how I kept finding ways to expose myself? It was a cry for help and a way of expressing that I wanted to try nudism. Thank you for helping me realize and admit it."
April beamed.
Harry smiled and reached out to Clarisa. He said, "Let's go for a walk on the beach."
She smiled and took his offered hand. They walked away. His erection led the way. He said, "So tell me, when did you realize that you wanted to be a nudist?"
She answered, "It wasn't something I wanted to do. It was something I needed to do."
"I see," Harry said. They two of them continued to talk as they walked away. The others were no longer able to discern their words.
June went to April. She hugged her and said, "Thank you, for what you did. My son arrived here a heartbroken man. Fresh off a bad break-up. You've refreshed his spirit and found him a new girl. Thank you. Thank you."
April smiled and said, "I'm glad I could help. When I met Clarisa, I thought she was a special woman. I thought they'd be good together."
Lorraine said, "And hopefully now that he's found someone to be naked with. The rest of us won't have to see his penis!"
"Amen!" the other women said in chorus and laughed.
Harry led Clarisa to an unoccupied, secluded part of the beach in between sand dunes. He turned to her and said, "I like you. I want to kiss you."
"Then go ahead." She gave him a sly, Mona Lisa type smile.
Harry wasn't sure whether she was pleased or amused by his words. He went for it anyway. He leaned in and pressed his lips to hers. She pressed back. He wrapped his arms around her slender frame, crushed her breasts to his chest, and planted one on her.
"Emm," she moaned in response. She ground her hips into his body. His large, hard boner dug into her flat belly. He was excited and oozed pre-cum. His dick slid across her stomach as they rubbed their bodies against one another.
The kiss continued. Harry's hand roamed her back and eventually found her firm, yoga butt. Her hands captured his face framing his face. Then, they moved north and she ran her long, delicate fingers through his brown hair. Her fingernails scraped his scalp and caused his whole body to tingle.
Harry went down on his knees, pulling her down with him. Her lips broke free and she giggled with glee enjoying the passion he brought to their encounter. He gushed, "You're gorgeous."
"I'm attractive, but not leading lady material. The beauty regimen to move me up the scale towards beautiful is too expensive and time-consuming. My hair is thin, my skin is dry, my boobs are uneven and don't get me started on what's wrong with my eyebrows. Having them threaded would help, but a girl has to draw the line somewhere otherwise it's thousands of dollars and thousands of hours spent in the pursuit of what society considers beautiful."
She saw a look of dismay cross his face. She touched his cheek gently and said, "Thank you for the compliment. Sorry I went off on a rant against society and the expectations they impose on women. I strive to be honest, real, and kind. Which explains my being a nudist. I take my clothes off, bare my body and soul, and say 'This is me. Unadorned and unvarnished.'
"I was amused when your grandmother struck up a conversation with me at the shopping center. I had time to kill so I sat and listened to her concerns about her favorite grandson. We talked, shared, and laughed. Then, we drank and both got buzzed.
"I came here with her because I was intrigued. You've exceeded my expectations."
Harry laughed and said, "Oh, so for a man who, for the last twenty-four hours, has been constantly showing his penis to people, I'm above average?"
She laughed and said, "Yes. The more I got to know you, the more I liked you. And you are a great kisser."
She pushed him on his back and said, "Time to find out if you know how to use that dick or is it just a stage prop." She leaned over and took his penis into her mouth.
"Oh, God! That feels great. Clarisa, I haven't had sex in months and seeing you naked, kissing your soft lips, has me on the verge of exploding. It's like I'm a teenager again and you're the first girl I've seen naked."
She pulled off him, giggled, and said, "I got that impression when you squirted a gallon of pre-cum on my belly. Chill. I'm going to suck your dick and you're going to come like crazy. Then we will make love."
She took him back into her mouth. In sixty seconds, he screamed, "Oh, God. Oh, God! I'm cumming!" His ejaculate hit the back of her throat and made her gag. Her eyes watered, but she hoovered his dick as it pulsed and shot off in her mouth. She swallowed it all.
She released his shrinking cock and let him bask in the glow of his orgasm. When his eyes opened, he said, "Wow! Was it as good for you as it was for me?"
She laughed recognizing that he was joking. She lay beside him and said, "No, but you can make it up to me."
"I will. Starting now."
He rolled on top of her and kissed her hard. Her lips had a slightly salty taste. He thought, "I guess that's me."
He didn't make a fuss or break off the kiss. They kissed and groaned for a few minutes. Then he slid down her body so he could suck on her tits. Her pink nipples were hard and longer than any he'd ever encountered.
He loved them. The rubbery protrusions were perfect for sucking, nipping, caressing, and thumbing. He did all that. She moaned. He felt her racing heart and heard her labored breathing. Her ample breasts were twin spheres of wonderful, warm, soft flesh. They were a delight to look at and to touch. He did both and then got on his knees between her legs.
She looked at him with an expression of hopeful anticipation. His tongue found her clit on the first lick. Her body shuddered and a soulful groan escaped from her mouth.
"Oh!"
"Mmmm," he moaned appreciating her nectar. Her fluid was fresh, tart, and complex. At first, he was overwhelmed by her acidic nature, then other flavors came through, a sweetness and an earthy musk. If he had to choose one word to describe her it would have been 'delicious'.
"Oh. Oh. Oh," she cried as his tongue and fingers explored her sex. She instantly seemed to be wet and then, abundantly wet. He enjoyed himself. He savored her juice and delighted in slowly delving into her pussy and examining every facet.
"Oh! Yes," she murmured.
Then he stopped. He pulled back. Only his breath touched her swollen, achy sex.
"No! You can't stop!" She punched him out of frustration and shouted, "Bastard!"
She grabbed his head and pushed it down while she raised her hips. She ground her swollen clit against his nose. She used him as a masturbation toy. He grinned. He was happy that she had enjoyed his efforts and now, was desperate.
He held back for thirty seconds and then he went wild. His fingers pumped repeatedly, rapidly, and deep into her. He sucked her button like a maniac. She loved his actions and screamed in pleasure.
"Oh. Oh! OOHHHH!"
She orgasmed. Her lean legs crushed his head. Her hips shot up and hit him hard in the nose. His sight became blurry and his eyes became watery. He wondered if she'd broken his nose!
Then, there was silence. She didn't move or speak. He heard the waves crashing on the shore and the seagulls arguing. He looked up at the beautiful blue sky and felt the warm rays of the sun on his body. After a minute or two, he heard a soft laugh and a sigh.
"Ah. That was a good one."
He looked down at her and saw the beautiful smile of a satisfied woman. She said, "Wow! I see you pay your debts in full. But don't mistake the look on my face as one of contentment. I want more.
"Some view great sex as a magical connection, the purest and strongest bond between two souls.
I view it as the minimum that should be expected from a partner. You're off to a good start. Release the beast and bring it home. Fuck me like you mean it!"
"I like your attitude. There's a good vibe between us. You want me as much as I want you, and I want you desperately."
He kissed her with passion. The game was afoot. He cupped her breast. She grabbed his hard dick. He squeezed her ass. She tickled his ball. He bit her lip. She bit him back. He pinched a nipple. She jacked him off. He whispered sweet words into her ear. She talked so dirty, it scared and shocked him.
He pinned her down. She pulled his hair. He stared into her eyes. She held his gaze without blinking. He drove his steely dick into her wet furnace. That broke her. Her eyes rolled back into her head and she gasped loudly, "Oh. Yes!"
He fucked her furiously. She matched his fierceness. They rutted aggressively, like wild animals. They moaned and groaned. Spittle flew from their mouths, but they stayed on task. Seeking release and giving pleasure.
Soon they each were at that sweet moment where they felt they were about to completely lose control. His balls were tingling. Her body was on fire. Her pussy was sopping wet. The ache, the desire to have his dick in her, spreading her, filling her, was strong. She knew she was about to burst.
Their hearts were pounding, they were breathing like marathon runners climbing the last hill. They each felt the pressure building. Then, the wave crashed and they screamed as pleasure washed over them.
"Ahhh. Fuck!" he cried and came.
"OhMyGod!" she shouted. Her mouth stayed open, but no sound emerged. She was lost inside herself as fiery feelings of pleasure shot throughout her body.
Harry drove his dick deep inside her. He held it there as his dick spasmed and fired off sending sperm into her womb.
As the young couple experienced the greatest joy know to mankind, they heard the light, ringing sound of ice tinkling in a glass. They looked up and above them on the top of a dune, stood April. The nonagenarian smiled, sipped her Jack Daniels, and said, "Ahh! I can remember having raw, passionate sex like that.
"Oh, by the way, Harry. Clarisa is a prostitute. A failed actress turned escort. I've always found that a good fuck was the best way to get over a heartbreak so I procured her for you."
April turned and walked away.
Harry was stunned by the old woman's words. His mouth fell open. He had the sad eyes and devastated look that a young boy has after witnessing his dog being run over by a cement truck. He voiced cracked as he asked, "Is it true or is this a cruel April Fools joke?"
Clarisa stood and used her fingers to wipe away the cum that was oozing out of her cunt. She flicked her hand and flung his jism into the sand. She said, "In the immortal words of Shakespeare, 'All the world's a stage, And all the men and women merely players.' Today, I played a character in your story. I was a woman you met while on vacation. We had a one-night stand.
"We have our entrances and our exits. I'll take my leave now. Goodbye."
She executed a perfect stage actress's curtsy. She tilted her head down, pantomimed grasping the edge of her skirt and pulling it out as she bent her knees and lowered her body. She held this position for two beats and then, gracefully rose and walked away.
Harry sat on his ass and stared at her as she climbed the sand dune and disappeared. Then, he rolled onto his back, looked up at the sky and said, "Who'd have thought, I'd be wishing for one more April Fools prank."
He took a deep breath and released it slowly and then said, "If it wasn't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all."
The End