She sat on the windowsill of her sitting room window looking out at the empty square in front of her house. He watched her from the kitchen window. He hadn't meant to, but as he walked past earlier, his eye caught her in tight yoga pants and a sports bra; sweat glistening on her lower back. He had walked home but he felt drawn back to her.
She turned then to look at him, he thought momentarily, but he realized she couldn't see him in the dark ally where he stood. No, she was looking at a box on the shelf by the kitchen window.
Hopping of the sill, she walked lightly across the hard marble floor towards the window and reached for the box. She got out papers, tobacco, a piece of thin card and a clear plastic packet. She sat there rolling a joint and although he was afraid she might catch him looking, he couldn't bring himself to take his eyes off her and walk away.
He watched he fingers as she broke small pieces of weed and mixed it with the tobacco on the paper, the rolled up piece of card held between her teeth, her full pink lips resting lightly on it and all he wanted were those lips around his cock.
Her green eyes looked up suddenly as though she had heard his thoughts and she open the window; he had just enough time to move out of her line of vision.
From somewhere in the house a mobile was ringing and she turned around and walked back in to the sitting room, tapping at the laptop before picking up the mobile.
"Go for Georgia!" she said playfully. So that was her name then! Georgia... It swam around his mind, playing with fantasies that he had never indulged. He sat there watching her as she giggled on the phone, speaking in rapid Greek. Her were legs resting on the sill and she had her back against the window pane. She sat flexing and pointing her toes with their red nail polish. He wanted to put them in his mouth, lick those perfect toes, taste the saltiness, and see her face as he did it.
Lost in his fantasies, he didn't realize that she had finished talking on the phone and was now smoking the j and making perfect circle of smoke. Her shoulders relaxed visibly and her left hand started caressing the side of her thigh.
The music on the laptop changed and Nine Inch Nails started singing "Closer". Slipping off the sill, she turned round and closed the window while swaying her hips to the music. Her loose white cotton shorts hung off her hips, over her perfect round ass ,the blue butterflies on them dancing as she moved. She pulled the curtains closed and danced around the sitting room, her hands slid over her body. The nipples of her small breasts stood out against her thin white t-shirt, hardened by her obvious arousal.
His erection had become painful against his jeans; he reached down and pulled down the zip, freeing his throbbing cock. Precum had collected on the tip of his cock and he stroked it, moving his hand slowly.
For a moment she disappeared into what he assumed was her bedroom, though he could not see in there, and when she reappeared she held a purple rabbit vibrator. Georgia settled into a black vinyl armchair, her hands wondering lazily over her nipples, stroking them, teasing them to attention. Her other hand was making its way down her torso slipping into her shorts, tracing circles on her clitoris.
She stood up and he licked his lips with anticipation. She turned her back towards him, untied her shorts, letting them fall to the floor. He wanted to touch that ass, turn that beautiful pale skin of hers red. She would love it; beg him to spank her more, harder!
She sat back down and placed one leg over each arm of the chair, her smooth pussy was already wet and her fingers slipped in easily, a sigh escaped her lips as she slid her fingers in and out slowly. He matched her pace, as though it was his cock that was fucking her. Her fingers left her pussy and she put them in her mouth, sucking her juice off them. He envied her. He wanted to taste her too. Burry his face between her legs, his tongue tracing her lips, her saltiness flowing into his mouth.
And then she took the vibrator and penetrated herself. Her back arched slightly and then relaxed as she started to move it slowly in and out. His balls felt like they were going to explode but he was going to control it. He wanted to cum with her.
She got up and kneeled on the armchair while holding the back for support, balancing the vibrator between the arches of her feet. She lowered her self on to it and started riding it slowly, her curls bouncing over her breasts, tickling her nipples. She was moaning and riding the vibrator hard. Suddenly she was sitting in the chair, the vibrator rolled to the side and she started rubbing her clit, hard! Her back arched of the chair, like a bow ready to fire. And she did! A fountain of squirt splashed onto the marble, dripping down her legs onto the vinyl chair.
It was too much for him and he came hard, moaning. Cum sprayed the wall in front of him. His legs were shaking under him and he put a hand the wall to steady himself.
When he opened his eyes again she was kneeling in the puddle of squirt on the floor licking the vinyl chair, her hand reaching for the vibrator.
She picked it up and turned round to face him. And winked at him before sliding the vibrator into her mouth.