Note from author- I had some difficulty in choosing a category for this story. Loving Wives is a misnomer and should be titled 'cheating wives.' There is a need for a cheat, or cheating partners category as well as a cuckold sub category I think. Also office sex and outdoor sex. But that's just me. So I emphasised the voyeuristic angle to place it here.
xxx
Familiarity? Boredom? The age difference? Any or all of these factors contributed to my wife and I ceasing to sleep together. A low libido, a result of high living, had reduced my sex drive dramatically on top of all that and Susy had informed me, after five years of marriage, that our sex life had become stale and redundant. Of course I was in total agreement and I contemplated our future together for a solid week. I met my wife Spanish Susy in the city of Barcelona when she was aged eighteen and I had been swept off my feet by her stunning beauty. She was an occasional model and I had heard that she had fucked live onstage in Barcelona before a paying audience for 'Actrices Del Porno.' I was already in my late fifties when we met and was beginning to show a receding hairline and paunch. I had accumulated fifty million pounds sterling after selling my majority of stock in the British company called Pharmaceuticals, UK.
At twenty five I had started at the bottom in London, moving to Boston after some time where we teamed up with our American counterpart, Pharmaceuticals, USA. Our company took a gnat bite out of the US billion dollar industry that is the medicine business, but a gnat bite out of seventy five billion dollars annually was a bite big enough. On my successful return to England I eventually became managing director and bought up as much stock as I could afford over the years. At age fifty five I sold it all, retired and invested in property. I indulged myself in food, travel and women, making up for all the years I had worked long and hard. Women were my biggest vice and I slept with some of the most beautiful females in the world. Until I met her. I was besotted and lusted after her to the point that I was possessed with having her. x
I lavished jewelry and expensive clothing on her and we took exotic vacations in my attempt to woo the young Latina and finally succeeded on her twentieth birthday when we married in a grand ceremony in London. Soon after, Susy expressed a wish to have her nose reduced and her breasts enhanced which only made her even more desirable in my eyes. Then it was a tattoo, and then she began to demand more and more and I was happy to oblige, thinking myself lucky to have such a fine piece of ass beside me in bed every night. As I was loaded I was not foolish enough to imagine that she had genuine feelings for me but my lust for her body knew no bounds. We fucked each other maybe a thousand times over the years until my libido diminished and she dropped her bombshell. I feared that she would leave me and I wondered how many times she had cheated on me during the latter part of our marriage. How was I so naïve to think that such a hot blooded Latina would not desire intense and passionate sex with a like minded hot blooded male. My fear of losing her came to a zenith when I inadvertently stumbled on her with a ripped hunk of about her age in our bed. I surprised myself in that instant when I realised that I was not angry or dismayed but very, very aroused at the sight of Susy getting banged by a big cock. It was then that I had a vision of what our lives would be like starting now.
x
"So what do you have planned tomorrow, my love?"
I put down my I-Pad and looked to my left. Susy and I were in bed and she was lying on top in the buff and idly filing her nails.
"Tomorrow I am going shopping at Harvey Nichols. I told you already."
I always loved the sound of her accent and her sexy soft voice and I smiled back.
"Oh, that's right. And then come to the office so we can get lunch together."
I had two offices on the fifteenth floor of number 20 Fenchurch Street, a high rise building in the City of London and which was also known as the 'Handset' or 'Talkie-Walkie.'
"Si. Si. I know this Eric. When are we going to start our games? I am bored. You promised me a nice surprise."
The realisation for me was the fact that I had experienced a thrill, a newly discovered voyeuristic streak that had been dormant until now. I was happy to watch my wife with others, seeing her fuck and take satisfaction from being used as a sex toy. My mind went back to that first time I had discovered her cheating. There she was, on her back, with a grunting young hunk between her open legs and humping his tight ass up and down. And Susy gripping his butt firmly as she writhed beneath him, begging him to fuck her harder. I knew what he was fucking as the memory of her velvet warmth made my big toe shoot up in my shoe. When we were a couple I didn't see the whole picture but now I planned on seeing all of her as she interacted with other men. I had worked out several scenarios and Susy and I had discussed at length how we were to proceed. Instead of jumping into bed with just any old well hung guy I told her to expect only the most erotic of situations, and I would hire only the very best studs for her enjoyment, vetted and deemed healthy by me. Susy had agreed when I told her that I would be more than happy for her to sleep with others, on the proviso that I was allowed to watch. Sometimes I would inform her of events and other times she should be prepared for the unexpected.
"Soon, my love. Very soon."
Susy stood up and yet again her vivacious body made my jaw drop. She was five feet nine in bare feet and had legs like a gazelle, toned thighs and well turned calves. Her D cup tits were now perfect, firm and rounded with dark areolas and hard nipples. Behind her back her bubble butt was spectacular with lifted and separated cheeks that had mesmerised me ever since I had met her. Between her upper thighs her shaven pussy mound protruded with smooth labia and pronounced outer lips. Her complexion was a sultry light olive and her long black hair extended down to the small of her narrow back.
"I'm taking a shower."
Her smouldering deep brown eyes flashed at me and she pouted with those full lips of hers as she turned on her heel. Her tits bounced at the same time and my eyes then fixed on her tantalising tattoo of a garland of roses that ran from her left shoulder blade, down her left hip to where it finished at the top of her Mons. She also had a playboy bunny on her left hipbone and a garter that wound around her upper left thigh that I had loved to lick as I warmed her up for a good pussy licking. Yes, tomorrow would be our first foray in our new lives.
x
I arrived at nine as usual and took the lift to the fifteenth floor. The work was minimal and in fact I had a small team of three lower lever executives who took care of my finances. Today I saw that Luke had arrived also and I nodded at him as I opened the door to my office which read 'Eric Thompson, Managing Director.' I sat at my ten foot long mahogany desk and settled back in the leather upholstered chair. I had been in contact with the most stylish of male escort agencies and had come across 'MC.' Or Male Company, England's number one gigolo agency. I was assured that the sexual needs of ladies were catered for by the most attractive men. All were reliable, healthy and professional and operated anonymously and discreetly.
"Mrs. Thompson is here, Mister Thompson."
"Good, send her right in please." At twenty seven Luke was a little over six feet tall, with thick brown hair that bordered on the untidy side. He had an average build and wore a plain white shirt, red tie and dark grey trousers. His personal profile told of his good manners and humour. He was into sport and stayed in excellent shape by playing tennis. Sounded like an ideal starter to me but it was his penetrating grey eyes that I hoped Susy might become lost in. Lined with long lashes he hardly blinked at all as he escorted my wife into the office and then withdrew.
'Hola, Eric."
"Hola, Susy. Been busy?"
She laughed and held up three bulging brand name bags which I guessed would set me back a few grand. As usual she was smoking hot in an impossibly tight knitted sweater pulled in at the waist to accentuate her ample bosom. Her black leather mini skirt was tight enough to outline the magnificent curves of her behind and the short length meant she displayed her long, toned legs. Her tallness was further heightened by her choice of four inch platform heels with the hollowed out styling. She kissed me on the cheek and then pointed to the door.
"Who is the new guy?"
'Oh, him? Don't know." I waved my hand in dismissal. "Just some temp. Want to say hi?"
I pressed the intercom and Luke came back in. We both saw that he had removed his necktie and that his shirt was undone at the top to show off a glimpse of a toned and smooth chest.
"Hello, Mrs. Thompson. Your husband was correct. You are extremely beautiful."
"Muchas gracias."
"He also informs me that you are an insatiable slut who loves nothing more than to have her brains fucked out."
Susy turned to look at me and silently mouthed the word 'him?' She was startled by Luke's next move as he spun her around to face me, pinning her frame against the heavy desk. With her mesmeric, almost feline eyes on me she opened her mouth in amazement as her long legs were spread out by Luke's right knee and her skirt was hiked up over her firm buns.
"Joder!"
Her scanty pink panties were dragged down her legs in a trice and the stud placed his face into the sublime crack of her ass. I turned my head as if distracted as Luke proceeded to kneel down and lick at the fleshy labia of my moaning wife. Her head dipped and her hands gripped the edge of the desk as her pussy was tongued deeply by the dark haired male.
"Eric!"
"Mmm?"
I feigned disinterest as Luke held her quivering hips and slobbered noisily under her. Susy began to struggle for breath as she looked at me with the realisation that this was a setup. I looked up in a casual manner to see Luke undo her skirt from behind and let it drop to the carpet. Susy stepped out of it and looked astonishingly desirable in just heels and sweater. She could not see what I could see which was Luke unzip his fly and whip out his throbbing erection. If Susy wanted cock then she was about to receive one which was as thick as a can of beer! Again the confidant stud moved around to her front again and he brushed his fingertips across her unhooded clit right in front of me.
"Ay papi!" She shrieked as he entered her with a firm thrust up of his pelvis and Susy threw her head back as he followed through. With her held fast by his hands on her waist Susy wailed as Luke began to fuck her hard. The desk shook as Luke thrust in and out with almost brutal strokes. Her feet tottered on her heels as she was forced into the desk and her long hair whipped about as she rocked back and forth. Luke slowed up and then pulled back and out and my eyes popped out of my head as his big hose slid back from Susy's slick cunt and left a wet smear.
"I just remembered something." I announce. "Do carry on."
I got up and felt the gaze of Susy watch me leave and then I heard her yelp as Luke aggressively pulled her around and place her on the edge of my desk. Susy automatically wrapped her fine legs around his waist as he stood between her thighs. I stayed by the open door and peered around to see the brown haired young man throw his shirt off and step out of his trousers. Now Susy had her first good look at the big cock that she had just been fucked with.
"Beuna polla."
He pawed at her big tits through the knitted sweater and her erect nipples could be clearly seen poking out. I strained my head to see Luke guide his boner halfway inside a flushed Susy who caressed his pectorals in turn. With her legs up and around Luke I could clearly see his shaft stroke in and out of her pussy which gaped wide. From my angle I watched Luke's dimpled ass clench and unclench as he switched to medium length strokes that made Susy moan in pleasure. The wide V of Susy's raised legs gave me a half erection as she gripped the desk with her fingers. They continued to fuck for three minutes until Luke withdrew and pulled Susy up onto shaky legs. He kissed her and then led her around the other side of the desk.
"I'm back. Just need to send Giles an e-mail."
I stepped back in, pretending to be uninterested in the half naked couple and tapped away on my PC. Luke sat in my chair and Susy sat astride his lap and lifted her arms above her head. He tugged her tight sweater off and tossed it aside. Susy leaned forwards to let her boobs thrust up to his face and as he sucked on the left globe she fed his length inside her steaming cunt. She moved tentatively at first in order to accommodate his thick girth. I saw her hips roll against his groin as she started to ride on him a little faster.
"Eric, he so big!"
"Mm, hmm."
I stood only a foot away from them and leaned back against the desk and folded my arms. My trousers had formed a tent as my dick stirred and I looked on as Susy ground her pussy on the ripped stud in my chair. The motion of her spectacular body milking his stiff cock was one of the most erotic things I had ever witnessed as I unzipped my pants and gripped my own erection. So slick was she now that lewd sucking noises came from her cunt which made me jerk my cock harder.
"I cannot..."
Susy screamed out as she lost control and her pussy squirted over Luke's rigid pole. She wilted into his arms as she came and sighed contently. Luke tapped her on the shoulder and she lifted up off of his dick and took it onto her moist mouth. I stuffed my own fist into my mouth in awe as my Spanish wife sucked him hard until he exploded in her mouth. She hummed happily as she drank his cum down with several gulps of air. Then she let his goo dribble out from between her lips and let it trickle slowly down her enormous cleavage.
"Encanta!"
What a fucking slut, I thought as I loomed over her and ejaculated on her voluptuous tits with a grunt. My semen merged with Luke's and her chest dripped onto the carpet as she squeezed her tits together. Susy stood up on her high heels. Her olive skin glowed, covered in a sheen of perspiration, and she kissed me on the cheek.
"I love you." She cooed to my relief. x
Susy walked into the bedroom in the sheer black thigh high stockings and satin graced suspender belt I had laid out for her earlier. She was pure dynamite, literally sex on high heels as she teetered on her Gucci leather pumps with the four inch heels. Her smooth pussy mound protruded from her superb upper thighs as she waited for me to speak. Her eye shadow was a smoky charcoal and her lips a well chosen ruby red.
"Put this on."
I handed her the beige Aquascutum mini trench coat with leather belt to cover her modesty.
"Nothing else?"
I gazed at her large breasts and the pink slit of her pussy which was exquisitely framed by the suspender belt.
"Correct. Only the coat."
Susy put the coat on and used both hands to spread out her long hair over her back. I didn't know about her but my heart was pounding with the anticipation.
"Is this what you want?" She arched a brow and pouted.
I nodded as I turned her this way and that and noted with a smile that she trembled in anticipation of not knowing what awaited her. The dark orbs of her eyes almost had a pleading look as she searched my face for clues. With the coat buttoned up it was impossible for anyone to know that she was naked underneath. The only thing visible were her stocking clad legs. Perfect. This time Susy would be aware that I had arranged a rendezvous for her to be taken by an anonymous man, but she would be in the dark about where and how.
"Let's go."
We took my Jaguar XJ saloon and I drove down to the Dockland area just as the clock struck eleven. Susy sat beside me in the passenger seat and bit her lower lip, presumably wondering about what was to come. I stopped by a bar that had emptied somewhat as most people had left to go home. I parked in the rear of the bar and sat still in silence. The night air was mild and I turned to look at Susy who had a bemused expression on her face.
"Open the door and take a stroll. Not too far mind."
"Here?"
I nodded as she swung her long legs over, making her sheer stockings make a swish sound as her thighs rubbed together. She flicked her long hair back and dug her hands inside the deep pockets of her coat and slowly made her way through the semi darkness to the quay side. The only other car in the parking lot pulled away and its headlights silhouetted the figure of Susy who walked around aimlessly with her head bowed. I got the frisson of a thrill knowing that I was the only one who knew she was naked under her coat. As she did a full circle Susy came back to the car and spread her hands as she peered at me through the drivers window.
"HUH!"
That was when my next hired stunt cock appeared from the shadows and approached us. Matt was a thirty year old international model, very good looking with an air of mystery about him. His profile at Male Company told that he had a range of interests including travel and dining in exclusive restaurants. His perfectly groomed dark hair was slicked back and he had the barest hint of beard stubble on his square jaw. Dressed in a dark gray suit and tie he came up behind Susy and gave her a start. I saw him bring his hands up under the front of her coat and slide them up her upper thighs. Susy closed her eyes as he caressed her legs but only so far, deliberately avoiding any contact with her hairless muff. She turned her head in muted surprise to take a look at the mystery man behind her and I could see that she was not disappointed in my choice of stud.
"Hola."
Matt stared hungrily at Susy and his dark eyes seemed to hypnotise my wife. Without a word he kissed her cheek and Susy melted. Through the car window I saw how she rubbed her thighs together as she grew increasingly excited. Totally turned on Susy stared the guy out as she went down on her haunches and rubbed the tell tale bulge in front of his trousers. Then she focused on the task at hand and unzipped his fly and teased his erection out into the palm of her hand. I watched in awe and gripped the leather wrapped steering wheel as my beautiful wife tugged his trousers and trunks down to his knees and gently tapped his stiff hose. Kyle had a superb cock, smooth and upright with a tapered glans that flared out at the top. Susy bobbed on her heels as she planted a big wet kiss on his bell end which made him grunt in approval.
"Oh. Si!"
I put my hand to the car window as she dragged her tongue up the underside of his thick shaft in one swipe, stopping only to pop the head inside her scarlet lips. Even through the closed window I heard him moan as Susy made a tight seal around his knob and inhaled through her nostrils which flared dramatically. Her head drew back as she let him out of her mouth and she wanked his length to let her saliva wet his meat. Her hot pink tongue darted out and flicked his cock head with amazing side swipes and lengthwise strokes. Suck him, babe.
"Suck me, babe." He said and then he threw his head back as the smoking hot minx nipped his glans with her white teeth in reply before diving down on the first three inches of cock.
With a hands free blowjob Susy went backwards and forwards rapidly, stopping now and then to catch her breath. I now unzipped my own trousers and fished out my semi hard dick. Susy now went to town and gripped Kyle's bared thighs and sucked him vigorously, whipping her hair across her face with the effort. I knew very well how Kyle felt as Susy devoured his entire length and imagined that unique teeth rake she used on the upward stroke. I saw her left cheek hollow out as his knob poked it and I reached full erection at the incredible sight of my adorable wife sucking a young stud. Fuck her, my man.
"Fuck me hard. Follame duro!"
Susy turned to face the car and spread her slender fingers on the outside of the window where I sat. Her eyes met mine as I gulped hard at the sight of the well dressed stud hugging her close from behind. I saw her throat tighten as Matt unbuckled her belt and meticulously undo the four buttons on the front of her trench coat. As he flung the coat open her stomach fluttered and his open hand clasped her abdomen firmly. Her breath misted up the car window as I strained to see Matt pass his right hand down to her pussy and cup her exposed mound tightly.
"Agh!"
Matt stroked my wife with his middle finger only and Susy opened her silky pins wider. Lost in her reverie Susy cared not about her quite public exposure and bobbed lightly against the car. Matt leaned over her right shoulder and whispered something in her ear but I was unable to catch it. She nodded softly and lifted the back of her coat up over her delectable rump. Then her mouth opened in a silent scream as Matt impaled her on his generous length. His balls swung between her parted legs as he fucked my wife with long upward strokes that raised her onto the toes of her high heels.
"Oh, Susy!"
I had my cock in my hand and rubbed it hard as I saw her mammoth tits in Matt's hands. Her hands slid down the car window as she desperately tried to maintain a purchase as she was banged from behind with incredible gusto. A couple of young women passed within a hundred meters but Matt shielded the rutting couple from being caught out as he kept his jacket on and his trousers hitched up to mid thigh. Susy's erect nipples were now being tweaked between the fingers and thumbs of the handsome stud who began to piston in and out in frenzied thrusts. Then they stopped as a car passed by and the headlights raked my vehicle and lit up the hunched over Matt and Susy in a brief snapshot of erotic lust. Her black hair shone in the glow of the lights and then darkness returned.
"Ay papi"
Susy yelped as Matt resumed his thrusting, and her heavy tits swayed enticingly mere inches from me. I planted my fingertips on the inside glass as if to touch those mouth watering melons of flesh. Matt lifted her right leg up onto his forearm and I got a stunning view of Susy's bald cunt being speared by his lengthy cock Her eyes fluttered as she neared her climax and her hands were balled into two fists that banged on the window. Then she threw her head back as her orgasm ripped through her and she trembled on her slender limbs as Matt lowered her leg. Her immaculate stockings were somewhat torn at the inner thigh as she panted softly.
"Cheeky bastard!"
Matt has aimed his pulsing dick at my window and proceeded to spray his cum on the glass! He shook his cock a couple of times and then zipped up and retreated into the shadows from whence he came. I watched in mute admiration as Susy bent to lick up all the white cum from the car window until it was clean. I opened the door as my erection faded and my ecstatic spouse gushed happily.
"Muchas gracias! Gracias! Me excitas mucho!"
"De nada." I replied and started the car.
Susy closed her legs and shoved her hand in between and smiled broadly. I had achieved what I had set out to do which was make my wife happy and keep her by my side. My next idea was seriously hot and I smiled to myself as I pictured the scene in my head.
END