Stuck in a cramped apartment for over two months with no boyfriend or lover, a girl's horniness can get to her. Finding myself subscribing to more porn sites and ceaselessly touching myself, I've come to realize I'm quite the unrelenting and kinky creature. Starting out with touching myself here and there, I soon spiraled into a constant state of soaked underwear and rapid heartbeats. My clit throbbing at the sight of any man or any interaction, I felt like a starving lioness with piercing hunger in her eyes and a will to do whatever it took for some cock. My hand began to reach under my shorts more frequently as my pussy was soaking wet and dying for penetration. I'd get desperate at all hours of the day, and if I wanted it, I'd get it.
In client meetings and online conferences, I'd always tilt my computer camera a bit higher so that I could slowly slip my hand inside of me. Watching the meetings, my terribly boring coworkers, and their complete cluelessness to my state turned me on more than anything. As they spoke of statistics, deals, and stocks, all I could hear was the sounds of my wet pussy as I'd ram my fingers inside of me. I couldn't help it, I couldn't deny it, I needed the thrill.
Speaking of a thrill, one of my favorite things to do was walk around my apartment completely naked-with all windows opened. Seemingly insignificant, there was another complex right across from me, and at all times, I knew someone would be taking a peek at me. Rubbing my large breasts with lotion and pinching my perky nipples, I'd give my neighbors a show, and there's nothing I loved more. If I was truly feeling desperate, I'd make sure to inch my hand down to my freshly-shaven pussy as I spread my leg over a chair and shoved my fingers inside of me, sometimes my fist if I really wanted to get them going. I'd also switch to furiously rubbing my clit as my legs would convulse before me, and I'd make sure all of my surrounding neighbors could see all of my faces of ecstasy.
More than anything, I loved to entertain two occupants of the neighboring complex: Poison Ivy and Idris Elba, or at least that's what I called them. Poison Ivy was sleek, young, and deadly. Her fiery red hair swooped down to her waist, and she was always seen nursing and watering her plants by the window. Her breasts protruding through her black crop top tight against her skin, there was a mystery about her that enticed me. I didn't know a single thing about her or even her name, but every week, we'd play a little show and tell with each other. I'd take off my top, she'd take off hers. I would slip my fingers below my pants, she'd do the same. It was this type of mirroring, this type of reciprocity, and it really got me off. I would feel every hand movement of hers, and she'd feel each of mine. It felt like I was right there, fucking her, licking her, and sucking her. It felt like I was right there as she would open her mouth with the passion of every one of her movements.
Idris Elba, on the other hand, was more of a physical thrill than a sensual experience. He was towering, strapping, rugged-and quite endowed as well. He didn't notice me for weeks on end, but when he finally did, my god he never stopped. He had a desk right up against his window, and at all hours of the day, whether he was working or just sipping a cup of coffee, he'd be there-watching me. I'm not sure if he had anyone else or lived with anyone, but that room was his sanctuary, and I was his goddess. He would look at me with such a lust and a hunger that I had never seen before. He would do anything to me, he would do anything for me.
I've made him come more times than I can count, and I've never gotten enough of it. He'd tower over his desk completely nude, his bulging muscles contracting with every stroke of his cock. He would look me in my eyes as cum wold begin to ooze out of him, dripping down from his rugged ebony hands as it splattered onto him, the desk, and everything in between.
I don't know why, but I loved everything about it. I loved Idris, I loved Poison. I loved how I could make them come, make them scream, make them hunger for something they could never touch. I loved to play with myself as I knew everyone was watching, and I definitely loved how creative I could get with my toys and my experimentation.
I think more than anything, this quarantine has fulfilled me in ways I could have never imagined. I have more thrill, more sensuality, and more fun than I have ever had before. I love the way I make people feel when I rub my naked breasts or plunge toys inside of me. I love the way I can please others, and I won't be stopping anytime soon.