I was Denise's husband at the time of this incident. Cuckold husband if truth be told.
After she got to work that day, I got this email from her... By the way, Denise was 44yrs old, 5'1", with beautiful blonde hair and the most gorgeous electric sky blue CFM eyes you have ever seen. She was a little thick with an absolutely perfect MILF / Cougar look to her. Her ass was high and tight and she absolutely LOVED to shake it and flaunt it every chance she got. Even guys who are not "ass men" gave her ass a second look. Her tits were awesome, but she was fixated on her own ass.
So... on to her email.
Denise wrote:
OMG Sweetie! You are NOT going to believe what happened to me on the way to work this morning!
I was on I-275 headed toward Sarasota when this 18 wheeler pulled alongside of me and my natural instincts were screaming at me to tease him unmercifully.
Pretty quickly I realized he was pacing me and probably looking at my legs. You remember the short black mini-skirt I wore this morning? The one with the long slit on the side that you're always asking me to wear. Well the slit had rotated around to the top on my leg and it exposed my leg nearly to my hip. I looked pretty hot if I do say so myself. I had paid no attention to it until the trucker pulled up beside of me. It sent a little electric shock straight to my clit when I realized he was gawking at me!
You KNOW how I get when a man is paying attention to ME. You know what it does to me when a new man shows any sign of desiring me or just purely lusting over ME. I always have to push it to the next level. I have to see how far can I make him go?
Anyway... and you would be proud of me for this... I spread my legs daringly wide apart and showed him a lot more. I slowed down my car a little and he slowed his big rig. At that point I have no doubt that he is interested in me.
I was now very glad that I had decided to wear the stay-up hose and the thong panties. It made it so much easier to show off. Perhaps I had that in the back of my head when I was getting dressed for work this morning. Being dressed this way also made it easier for me to reach under my skirt and rub my pussy, as I was now doing, as I was driving... and he was unashamedly lurking.
I convinced myself that he was masturbating too.
At this point I was glad that my exit wasn't approaching too quickly. This was way too much harmless fun for me to stop now. I raised my left foot up onto the seat, knee pointed straight up, and slid my skirt up to nearly my waist. I pulled my thong to the side so that I had unobstructed access to my pussy and he had an unobstructed view of it. By now I was shamelessly masturbating at 75 miles per hour!
Are you proud of me yet? You won't believe what happened just a few minutes later...
It just so happened that traffic came to a standstill on I-75 and here I was half naked and masturbating right beside of this random truck driver. I was SO freaking horny! I wanted so badly to be totally naked in front of this man... ANY man!
I was still early for work, so I was good with the time. No matter what, now I was consumed with getting my bra off and getting his full attention! I unbuttoned my white sheer blouse... the one you LOVE for me to wear when we go out so you can show off my nipples in public.
I slipped my arms out of my bra and turned it around so I could unhook the back. I ripped it off and threw it unceremoniously onto the passenger's seat.
I felt SO relieved and so comfortable that I almost forgot where I was and what was going on around me... until I heard the horn... from the trucker beside me.
I lean over and smiled and waved at him and gave him a proper tit-flash. He pointed ahead signaling me that traffic was moving. I hadn't even noticed. I was a little embarrassed at my lack of attentiveness to traffic, but not at all by my near total nudity in public.
I lost him in the traffic. That was FUN but now I had to put myself back together before I got to work and the Fruitville Road exit was approaching fast.
Sweetheart, I haven't even gotten to the really FUN part yet! I was such a bad girl. You may have to spank me again.
As I approached the Fruitville Rd exit I realized that more than a few people had seen the same show that my trucker friend had seen and several were still getting quite a good look at my exposed breasts as I drove. That made me even hornier!
I was SO horny now that I was soaking wet and my chest was flushing bright red and my breast were hard just like I get right before an orgasm.
I needed to stop and put myself together before I got to work. The boss cannot show up looking like THIS! LOL! The only thing decent about my attire at this moment was that I still had on my classic blue blazer... LOL!
I decided to pull into the RaceTrack Station on Fruitville Rd and put myself together.
The RaceTrack was only a couple of blocks from work. I parked at the pump because I had to get gas anyway.
I tried to put my outfit back together while I was seated in the car but it just wasn't working.
It was really busy all around the store, but I had to take the blazer off to get my blouse tucked back into my mini-skirt. Now my blazer and my thong and my bra were all laying across the passenger seat and I was wearing nothing but my white see-through blouse and my black mini-skirt with the long slit in it and my black patent leather spiked "Fuck ME" high heels.
The skirt was up way too high because I had been trying to tuck in the blouse. That wasn't working from my seated position. The blouse was still unbuttoned more than halfway down because I had been thinking about putting my bra back on before I continued on to work.
I looked disheveled but actually quite hot if I do say so myself. Admiring my own sensuality in the moment had made me horny and wet all over again. I am never satisfied until I have physically consummated the seduction. I still needed more. Much more.
I had to get out of the car still half nude in order to quickly make myself presentable again. Rather than sounding like an embarrassing thought, it was actually quite exciting. I WANTED to do it!
As I started to step out of my car, I saw a truck load of construction workers at the pump next to me. A lawn care crew. Rough cut men drive me crazy, you know. Some had that South Florida Redneck look and a couple were sexy Latinos.
My vanity made me assume that they had been watching me fidget with my clothes in my seat and they wanted to see more of me.
There was nothing left for me to do but make a dramatic exit from my car. It was way too late to act shy and coy. I had no idea exactly where the slit was in my skirt except that it was not anywhere near the front. I did NOT at that moment realize just how far my blouse was unbuttoned or exactly how transparent it really is!
I hope you have a good visual of all of this Baby, because you would have loved it! You would have been so proud of your sweet, demure, professional business woman, wife.
So... I opened my car door and watched the guys faces... OBVIOUSLY they were watching me. That suited me just fine. That's exactly what I wanted them to do. I wanted to be seen nearly nude by all of these total strangers. I wanted to be the object of their desires. I want them to want me!
I LOVE making men want me. I live for the next conquest. I've always been a "Tease-em-Seduce-em, Suck-em and Fuck-em-on-the-first-date" kind of girl, but you already know that. How many times have you watched me do just that? But this was different; you weren't here this time.
OH Sweetie, it is making me hot and wet all over again writing this to you... knowing that once I hit 'SEND' I can't get this email back! I hope you're as horny right now as I am. OMG, I am actually playing with my pussy at my desk!
SO...
I over exaggerated my every move. As my left leg swept the car door open, I leaned over to the right seat as if getting something from the passenger seat. I raised my right knee up high... I pushed the door open with my left foot and let the skirt drag up my ass clinging to the seat as I swung my right leg out, knees spread brazenly wide apart.
I was now sitting on my bare ass in the seat as the skirt had ridden up as high as possible. My legs were wide apart and my bare pussy was clearly visible and I KNEW it!
I thought for a second that "I am sure glad I shaved her (my pussy) last night, maybe now they could actually see my wet pussy lips."
I wondered if they were glistening in the early morning sun.
As I slid my hands around the door jambs and lifted myself up and out of the car, I felt the cool breeze blow across my breasts as they seemed to burst free from my blouse. And I felt like my ass was totally bare. That was the first time I had noticed that my breasts were almost totally exposed, actually falling out of my unbuttoned blouse.
But I couldn't stop and button my blouse now, it would ruin the effect.
I was ALL-IN at this point... Game ON!
As I walked around the back of the car toward the gas pump, I realized that the slit in the skirt was almost right in the middle of my ass.
As my ass turned to face the men, I swear I heard their collective gasps. LOL. That was all the encouragement I needed.
I started pumping gas and flashing seductive grins to the rough and hard looking manly-men as they watched me pump gas.
Then I had "the idea".
I decided to wash my windshield, but I would have to have some help since I am so short that I could never reach all the way across.
I picked up the washing tool thingy and walked to the front of my car. I leaned across the hood with my ass pointing toward the guys and my breasts pressed against the wet windshield. I reached as far as I could, I let my left foot leave the ground and bent it at the knee seductively as I reached as leaned in as much as possible. My sheer blouse seemed to melt completely away as the cool water erased any appearance of fabric. My bare ass was now totally exposed. I can only imagine how slutty I must have looked to them.
I looked back over my left shoulder directly at the group and said, "Are you men just going to stand there or are you going to help? Obviously I can't reach all the way across by myself."
One guy, the tallest one, practically leapt across the 8 foot concrete slab to offer his assistance.
I did not move. I asked him to take the squeegee and help me reach across the windshield.
He took the tool in his hand but I didn't let go of it. I turned so that he was pressed up against my back and my ass as we reached together over the hood to the windshield. I can't tell you how excited I was to find that his cock was already as hard as steel!
My pussy got totally soaked again by the thought that this very young man had gotten totally hard just from LOOKING at me! He couldn't have been older than his early 20's if that and this 44 year old MILF had given him an erection!
He felt SO good and big and hard against the crack of my bare ass... you KNOW how I am a freak for anal sex anyway.
This was driving me crazy! I backed my ass up to his cock like I do with the guys on the dance floor when we go out dancing. But this was in the parking lot of the RaceTrack gas station at 7:45 in the morning and you were nowhere around this time.
OH I wanted him to fuck my ass right then and there!
I don't know how long he humped me across the hood of my little silver Ford Escort ESP, but it wasn't long enough. We apparently finished the windshield because he backed down and started to walk away.
I pulled him back to me and gave him a little wet kiss on the cheek as I slapped his tight little ass and sent him on his way still as hard as he could be.
This could NOT be over this quickly!!
Thinking quickly, but obviously NOT clearly, I went to the rear window and it was even higher. I couldn't reach across it at all. My ass was totally visible to them, the slit was nearly up to my waist and it seemed that my breasts had practically fallen out of my blouse and the wet blouse had disappeared altogether. I was at the point of no return.
I looked back at the group. They were all talking and looking at me.
I put my hands on my hips and said "What does a girl have to do to get a man around here? A little less talk and a LOT more action is what I need. Obviously I can't reach this window all by myself... Aqui Por Favor."
Three of the Latin guys ran over to me and practically dragged me to the trunk of the car and pressed my chest against the trunk and lifted my ass high in the air totally uncovered.
I thought I was going to get gang raped right there across the trunk of my car! At least I was hoping I would! LOL! I couldn't understand a word; I think they were speaking Spanish.
Immediately I felt an untold number of hands all over my bare ass. Another set of hands were reaching around and fondling my breasts. squeezing them hard.
Soon my skirt was across my back and my blouse was completely unbuttoned and open. It was all happening so fast. My head was spinning.
I felt two rough fingers in my already soaked pussy and two hands spreading my ass cheeks wide apart.
Then a huge thumb went deep into my pussy! I could feel at least three hard cocks pressing against me and at least one of them was bare and hot and hard! I could feel his slick pre-cum as he slid it across my bare ass
My head was rushing too fast to be sure what was happening. Then the thumb slid out of my pussy and in one quick stab... straight into my open ass... and deep! What a BIG thumb! This guy put four fingers into my pussy and his monster thumb deep in my ass! I could feel his fingers and thumb touching in the middle! My head was spinning and there were so many hands and cocks all over me and it was happening so fast... at least I think it was a giant thumb?
I can't tell you how quickly or how violently I orgasmed right then and there. I was about to pass out with anticipation of a hard cock in my ass at any second.
Then I heard this booming voice saying "HEY GUYS! WHAT THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING? YOU WANNA GET US ALL ARRESTED?"!!
Suddenly all the fun stopped and this 40ish looking gentleman said "Are you OK Lady? Are these guys bothering you?"
I told him that I was just fine. He said that he would call the police if any of those guys had gone too far.
That scared me because I didn't want any of them in trouble for something I started.
I told him "NO! They were perfect gentlemen. I started the whole thing. I got exactly what I was hoping for. I WANTED the attention, it wasn't them. I just get like this sometimes."
He said, "Yeah, that's kindda what it looked like to all of us watching the video monitor's inside the store. Thanks for the show. It's not every day you see something like that! You're an amazing woman."
I smiled coyly, tilted my head sideways, flashed my baby blues at him and said "I'll take that as a compliment."
He looked at his crew and said "Alright guys. Nothing more to see here. Show's over. Let's get to work."
They all waived bye to me as they rode off in their sexy work truck and I winked and waived bye to them as well.
I looked at myself and realized that I still had to get myself together for work and I still had just enough time to do it.
I must have been quite a sight standing there next to the gas pumps with my clothes looking like they had been ripped off of me.
45 minutes later and I am sitting here at my desk writing you this email and I still haven't put back on my thong or bra. (The blazer covers up just enough to get by at work... or does it)?
The bra and thong are still lying on the front passengers seat of my sexy little car and there is a big wet spot in the driver's seat for any of my employees walking by to see.
YOU'RE going to be busy tonight! I have something that needs to be finished! Or we can go back to The Pleasure Palace or Ybor City if you don't think one man will be enough for me tonight?
>>>>>>>>>>
We went to The Pleasure Palace that night. There is NO way that one man can be enough for Denise when she gets like this.
I miss Denise A LOT... a WHOLE LOT!