It was a blazing hot summer day. Not humid though, just one of those really dry heats. Despite the heat, I had to mow the lawn, since it was the only day I was gonna be able to get it done for a while and it was starting to look pretty out of control. I did the whole damn garden, sweating my ring off while I did it, feeling the sun blaze down on me. My rugby shorts weren't much of a defense against that blazing sun but at least my arse wouldn't get sunburn. Finally I finished, stored the mower away and surveyed my hard work.
The lawn looked great but I was hot as hell. I thought about going inside but the pool was a lot more inviting, so I dived in the water and swam around a bit. Then I climbed up on my floating armchair and just floated around. It didn't take long to find my hands rubbing my prick through the rugby shorts. As I made my way to the edge of the pool I flipped my shorts down over my eight-incher and let it feel the sun.
I lay down on a towel and took my shorts right off. The neighbours couldn't see in and even if they could, it was my garden, I could do what I like. The thought of the neighbours got me going again. I thought about Anne next door. She was in her 30's, wore her dark red hair in a bun, spent a lot of time getting around the neighbourhood in her tight running gear. In my mind I pictured what she might do in the shower.
I imagined Anne, finally letting down her red hair, running her hands over her large breasts until her nipples started to perk. Her right hand kept gently toying with her hardening nips while her left hand made its way down her flat, toned stomach, until it reached the mound of red pubes. She'd arch her back and stick her arse out as her middle finger drew a lazy line up and down her pussy lips, gently massaging her clitoris on each pass. As I pictured it I started to pound harder and gently pulled on my nutsack.
Anne finished her shower in my thoughts, her hair in wet ringlets now, and made her way to her bed. She lay on her back, spreading her smooth, toned legs and running her hands up and down her thighs towards her vag. Her left hand resumed its actions from the shower, while she fumbled with the bedside table drawer, eventually pulling out a long, silver vibrator. Suddenly, grasping that little humming wand, her mood seemed to change. She went from sensual to savage, springing up onto all fours and thrusting her hips back so that, had I been in the room, I could have seen her puckered arsehole on display. I matched in kind, rolling up off my back into a kneeling position.
As Anne thrust the vibrator into her waiting snatch she flung her head back, bucking herself wildly against her toy. I started thrusting my hips in time with the imaginary show in my head. Eventually it became too much for both of us. She shuddered uncontrollably, letting out a sudden cry that turned into a low, satisfied moan, while my seed burst forth with a sudden gasp of breath, spurting over the towel I had been laying on.
When I came back down to earth I had a shower, threw on some clean shorts and a t-shirt and went to the shops to get a few things. While I was there I ran into Anne and her husband Trevor. We were chatting away for a while and I was chuckling to myself internally about what she'd done in my head. As Trev walked away to get something from another aisle, Anne put a hand on my shoulder and leaned in a bit.
"Just so you know, our upstairs bedroom window faces right onto your pool. You're quite the show-off aren't you?" She said, giggling at the end.
I went white. She giggled again, then ran her tongue across her upper lip.
"Don't worry, Trev was at the other end of the house. But that view got me so wet. Let me know if you ever plan on doing another performance."
And with that she smiled innocently and walked away. I was terrified at first, then as the words she said actually came together in my head, and I realised what she meant, I had to duck off to the loos to rub out another one as fast as I could.
Same fantasy, only now, as Anne was doing all those nasty things to herself, she was picturing me just like I was picturing her.