Britney Foxx conveniently stepped from her bedroom just as her Mother left the house to grocery shop. She needed quiet time with her Father to obtain his help.
Sitting in the living room after washing his truck in the drive Keith enjoyed a cold brew.
"Can I talk to you Daddy?"
"Let me guess. You need me to watch you have sex with another virgin boyfriend." He frowns.
She giggles and taps her left foot toes on the floor, "No. But I can if that's what you want."
"I think I'm good for awhile. What's on your mind?"
"I need a huge favor. My friend Grace from school wants to hang out with me but her parents are strict. They're Mennonites. They keep her on a leash and we're trying to find a way to let her breath and experience things that her folks might not approve of."
He lowers his head shaking it, "Oh Lord. Now you're converting a good girl into a bad girl."
Brit grins sheepishly, "She's really pretty. With a wild side that could rival mine if allowed. There's no way she can break free without my help. Which I cannot do that without your help."
"How am I supposed to do that?"
"Well. I'm going to dress up really conservative to make them more at ease. We brainstormed that I would tutor her in Chemistry at our house. But, without help they might only let her go for an hour. Can you help us get all day together?"
"And, how might I do that?"
"Grace told me her Father is building a barn. I know you work but it's been slow of late. Could you volunteer your services for the day? Keep her Father occupied."
Keith Foxx puckers, "Barn, huh? What's in this for me?"
She bats her eyes, "I can arrange a threesome."
"Threesome?" He creases his brow smirking.
"Yes. Once I change Grace I can get her to have sex with you. She's seventeen but almost eighteen. Three months I think."
"Virgin?"
"Yes. You could take her virginity." Brit sticks her tongue out at him.
"Ah! Like I supposedly took yours?"
"Please Daddy?" She offers puppy dog eyes.
"When?"
"Wednesday night we can drive out to her house. Meet her family."
He nods with sudden change to a negative shake of his head. Finally, he smirks, "I'm not taking her virginity. I'll help you give her the experience of lifestyle change but that's all."
Brit jumps around giddily, "Best Daddy ever. But, I bet you change your mind. I'm going to make her into a Greek Goddess."
"Still not going to happen. She's younger than you. Hell, I feel guilty enough about you and I."
She shuffles over and sits in his lap to hug him at an angle.
"I love you Daddy. Please don't be guilty. It was consensual. I love my Daddy's sexiness." She flares her eyes, "Oooo! I feel him growing under me."
He rolls his eyes, "Get up. I don't need to have your brother coming in and catching me with a hard on after you get up off me."
She eases off of him and stands to his right eying his erection.
"I'm going to my room. If you hear humming it's only my vibrator."
She wiggles away stopping at the hallway entry long enough to look back with a mischievous grin. She then pulled her shorts down to reveal her bare ass. With a smack to her left cheek she sticks her tongue out at Keith.
It took the forced point encouragement of her Father for her to vanish.
Keith frowned and gazed at his mounding jeans, "You can relax now. She's gone."
As if!
The next morning Brit and Lance caught the bus. With each new day Brit toyed with Jacob and his friends. Rather than fuck anyone this time she chose to give "Angus" a blow job. Just before reaching the school he detonated all across her face leaving a coat of fresh paint. They dared her to wear his cum proudly and walk into the school.
Brit loved a dare. Just not a bet.
As she walked alone through the front doors Brit realized everyone was watching her. The jizz had dried mostly but there were still remote traces evident.
Was it the cum on her face? The fact her nipples were stabbing dramatically through her orange t-shirt that revealed her belly button? Her ass perfectly defined behind her white stretchy pants that hinted a skin tone beneath? The notability of her orange thong peeking both at her snatch, as well as the micro thin bands of the thong showing above her pants at the waist?
As she continued onward she passes Mr. Beatty who did his best to ignore her beauty. Fellow teachers who either frowned or took note less vividly as Beatty had. All had varying expressions of lust or disgust.
Turning down another hall headed to her locker she spots Coach Dawson leaving the Principal's office. He see's her and winks holding up the tiny recorder she had given him. He then walked the other direction. Her curiosity led her to Lance who had trailed her at a distance.
"I just saw Dawson. He made certain I saw the recorder you had me give him. He was leaving Principal Harding's office. You don't think he ratted me out do you?"
Lance scowled, "He fucked you in his office. He has too much to lose to be that stupid."
"I hope you're right. I don't need expelled from school. Dad might be okay with things, but Mom would skin me alive." She shivers crossing her arms in front of her, "What about Corey or the boys in the locker room? Do you think they will talk?"
Smirking Lance tilts his head, "Wouldn't you if some boy showered in the girls locker room?"
Her eyes bulge, "Shit! Everyone knows I did that. There's no way Harding doesn't know. I'm screwed."
"Maybe Dawson is covering for you. It's possible he used the recorder to show Harding that the boys are lying and that they only heard the recording. That recording could be of you the day you used that egg in Beatty's class. It all fits. Stop worrying until Harding confronts you." Lance reverts his sympathetic eyes behind her as she nods. He then swivels and darts away.
"Hey! Where are you going?" She growls.
Suddenly, from behind her she hears a gruff throat clearing. Her eyes bulge as she watches her fellow students swiftly disperse in all directions.
With a deep inhale Brit turns in her step.
"Hi. How are you this morning Mr. Harding?"
The bald man in a brown suit and tie stands three feet from her creasing his brow and puckering.
"Step into my office Miss Foxx. We need to talk."
Lowering her gaze she follows him into the front office. She passes two middle aged women whom attended to the outer office. As Harding opens his door he motions her inside then seals it behind them.
"Have a seat." He barks.
"Thank you." She trembles sitting across his desk from him.
"Any idea why I brought you here, Miss Foxx?"
She fidgets, "Not really."
He gazes at her chest noticing her nipples stabbing forth.
"Your attire for starters. Each new day you come to school in something that breaks our dress code. While most of my faculty seem to feel the need to keep that to themselves, it is still against school policy."
"Has anyone complained? Besides yourself?" She hesitantly asks.
He timidly smiles, "I'm not necessarily complaining. Merely doing my job. I have no choice."
"So, you yourself have no true objection?" Brit flutters her eye lashes.
He sits back in his seat and folds his arms over his belly. Peering over the bridge of his glasses he winks at her.
"While I must say yes professionally, I will keep the matter at hand to myself. I have heard quite a few rumblings of late. It appears that you are being rather disruptive."
"Which time?" She offers a beguiling smile of pressed lips.
"Beatty's classroom. Antics on the school bus. Locker rooms. Have I missed anything?"
"I'm certain you will hear more." She continues her bravado.
"While that seems quite insightful for future reference, I'm afraid I need you to behave a bit more often. If we contain this now there will be no need to speak with your parents."
She pouts and feigns a hint of fear, "Please don't bring them into this. I'll do anything to keep them from knowing."
Harding sits up leaning his elbows on his desk.
"May I ask, was that your voice on Dawson's tape recorder?"
She sighs, Lance was right on the mark with his assumption.
"Yes. Did you listen to it from beginning to end?"
He placed his clenched knuckles over his mouth, "I did. Multiple times to determine whom I might be hearing."
"I think you already knew it was me. You only wanted to hear me over and over." She continues her pouty look, "Why did Dawson bring it too you?"
"Not much gets past me Miss Foxx. It's what I do with the knowledge that's important. I'll refrain from involving your parents for now. Nor will I expel you."
"Thank you." She felt relief.
"There are conditions to my kindness."
She sits shivering at what might be in the works here.
"While in class you must behave normally. Your attire? I'll let slide as long as you keep body parts hidden."
"No." She blurts with a defiant look.
"Pardon me?" Harding looks shocked lowering his hands to his desk top.
"I said No. I like showing off. If you really feel the need to tell my parents go right ahead. Expel me if you must. Just remember, if you expel me you won't get to see these."
She swiftly lifts her shirt up and exposes him to both perfect tits. Eying his flushed features she maintains her exposure. Her next move is to pinch her nipples taunt.
Harding finds his palms sweaty as he clasps them together.
"Please pull your shirt down. As lovely as those are I must keep this civil."
She lowers her shirt but continues to swirl her index finger around her right areola through the material.
Harding fidgets and caves in, "Too many reports and I will be forced to take action. I do have conditions regardless."
"Such as?" She expresses curiosity.
"I feel the need to offer a support group. Your behavior requires that we as professionals at least attempt to discover the reason's for your behavior changes."
"The reason's simple. I'm a nympho. Who might be in this Support Group?"
Harding grins, "Coach Dawson. Mr. Beatty. Mr. Marko. Mr. Garrick. Myself."
She nods puckering, "I see. All men. After school detention?"
"Yes. For two hours."
"Is that long enough?" She raises a brow.
"I suppose that depends on how unruly you become."
"Tell my Dad that you asked me to stay over and help paint the set for the school play."
"I can do that."
I plan on wearing less tomorrow. A white spaghetti string tank top. No bra. Stretchy white mini skirt with no panties. So, unless your Support Group changes my mind you can expect me to get even sluttier."
"I suppose we will need to work hard on your behavior issues. You know the room. Be there after the final bell."
She stands up and reaches her fingers down the front of her pants and beneath her orange thong to touch her clit. Eying his reaction she smiles.
"You guys don't have a chance of changing me."
He scowls, "We shall see."
The school day went fast. In the process Brit allowed certain boys from her Locker room foray to run there hands down her pants and rub her bare ass. A few allowed to grope her bare breasts in the halls.
On one instance her friend Grace observed Brit offer a gift to Corey from the Locker room and his friend Chris. She offered them a snack of sucking on her nipples right outside the lunch room. Many boys witnessed this in envy.
Grace was pulled aside by Brit who ran her own hand within the Mennonite Beauty's shirt and bra to squeeze her tit. Blushing heavily Grace loved it. The encouragement of the boys around them made her wet.
All for today, as classes ended.
Reaching Room 102 Brit took a deep breath and entered the room. Within the room sat the five Faculty members, their chairs in a circle.
She eases her book bag off of her shoulder and moves closer.
"So, Support Me. Let me get away with anything I want to do." She hints sheepishly.
Principal Harding chuckles, "Stand in the middle of our seating arrangement."
She moves between Marko and Dawson. Dawson pats her ass as she steps through.
"If that was supposed to be a spank, it was pathetic. If you expect to discipline me you need to be more aggressive."
Harding raises his palms, "Calm yourself. Why don't you begin with telling us why you feel the need to act up as you do."
She shrugs, "I lost a bet. Once I started fulfilling that bet I changed. Now there's no going back to the old Britney."
"I see." notes Harding.
"What was the bet?" asks Mr. Marko, a large hulking man with red hair and sideburns.
"Video games. My brother and his friends. I ended up naked in my living room in front of them. It got worse. They fingered me. It was awesome."
"Your brother fingered you?" frowned Garrick, a lesser sized man with a bushy moustache.
"Oh no. He just watched and let them. Laughed at me. I'm okay with his watching."
"That was it?" Dawson growled.
"No. The bet also consisted of my serving them as a slave for 48 hours each. So far that's only been like 5 hours total. School and all."
"I bet there was more." Dawson chuckles.
"If I said no then you would win. So yes that was all." She giggles and crushes her tits together as she held her wrist at her waist.
The men share a short chuckle as well.
Finally, Harding feels prompted to say, "Earlier you defied my conditions. Why do you feel the urgency to show off so much."
"Guys love it. I love it. It's fun to see how brave they get."
"I'm certain there are plenty of students who object to your performances. Those are the ones that tend to be vocal."
"I have yet to hear even one objection. Looks maybe. Ninety percent want more of what I do."
Marko huffs, "I know I do."
She releases her wrist and points at him winking.
Harding glares over at Marko, "Composure, Nicolas. Composure."
Dawson grunts, "CUMposure! I heard she walked into the school this morning wearing cum on her face."
"Is this true Miss Foxx?" Harding winces.
"Yes. It was mostly dried by that time. I was hoping it might be more noticeable."
This brightened up the entire five men.
"I could always leave school today wearing cum on my face." She sticks her tongue out at them.
Harding tries not to laugh looking as professional as possible adding,
"While that sounds creative, I think we should remain focused."
"Focused? On what?" She yanks her shirt over her head and dangles it to her side, "My tits?"
As they sat speechless she peels her pants to her ankles to stand in her thong. Turning on her toes in a circle she leers behind her, "Or my ass?"
Still silent but unblinking they observe her kick off her thinly heeled pumps to remove her pants entirely. With a swift move she kicks them over into Garrick's lap. Her shirt goes toward Dawson.
Standing there expressionless before them she puckers awaiting their words.
Marko decides to stand up and move in to face her, "I didn't get any clothing."
He proceeds to bend down and guide her thong to her toes and remove it from her. He quickly places the orange cloth to his nose inhaling.
"Smell's sweet." He chuckles.
She then scoots her body closer and presses her thighs toward his face. He lowers the thong and nudges his face into her snatch. Nose tickling in her thin pubic strip he exhales vividly. The warmth made Brit flare her eyes and sigh.
Nick Marko reaches his hands up and clutches her hips. He was a giant. His hands nearly triple the size of hers.
With an effortless lift he raises her 112 pound body up. He stands himself guiding her over his head and lowering her pussy over his lips and wagging tongue.
"HOLY SHIT!" She rolls her eyes and literally touches the ceiling above her.
Below them the four remaining men merely watch and shake their heads.
Marko had his tongue in her hole and was fucking her with it by raising and lowering her gently.
Brit moaned as his nose teased at her clit. Marko himself growled at his enjoyment. He overlooked her wetness drowning his cheeks and chin.
After five minutes Brit cried out as she cum.
Finally, Marko eased her to a more manageable angle before cradling her in his arms. He looked her in the eye as she trembled erratically.
She did notice Dawson get up and head for the door. He opens it carefully and looks out. Nobody in sight, he shuts and locks the door.
Marko had carried her to the big oak desk and sat her down on it. She noted that all five men had surrounded the desk.
"At least I know who the SUPPORT really is in this group." She giggles teasing Marko with her toes along his hips.
Harding stands beside Marko facing her, "Would you like to make a bet with us Miss Foxx?"
"Only if it's juicy and I lose." She muses.
"Care to hear my wager?"
"Yes." She brightens up.
"I will let you get away with absolutely anything in school as long as none of us loses our jobs over it."
"Here come the conditions." She chuckles reaching behind her to clutch Garrick's shirt.
"No conditions. You appear honorable to past bets. I would only expect that same honor should you lose."
"I'll lose on purpose. So just tell me what you want."
"We each would like private moments with you. When the time is right. Without the risk of trouble. You are eighteen and obviously consenting."
"Sure. As long as I can get free. Lots of commitments these days. Like what?"
Harding winks, "Eye candy out of town. Escort me. Away from all of those who know me."
"Sounds fun. Give me at least three weeks before I commit to that one. Like I said lots of commitments. What about you Mr. Garrick?" Her fingers release his shirt and slither down over his crotch.
He eyes her laying back and reaches over her to squeeze her breast.
"I think we basically all want the same. I just want to fuck the shit out of you."
She rubs the length of his girth in his slacks.
"I think it might help if you took Mr. Marko's spot and dropped your pants."
Marko chuckles and gruffly grips her by the ankles and rotates her butt on the desk to face Garrick.
"All yours Shaunesy." Marko teases Shaun Garrick.
With the rotation Brit couldn't stop snickering. He hands now reached for both Marko and Harding's crotches.
Garrick bent over and licked her clit fingering her. She cooed at his frolicking tongue. Marko removed her hand and unzipped his pants, dropping eight inches of tube over her mouth. She immediately nurtured it with her lips and tongue.
As she did her eyes met Beatty's whom had appeared disappointed that she had left him out. She lingers her cheek on Marko's crown as she whispers up to Beatty, "I still have a crush on you. So does Grace."
This brightened him up. He recalled the young Mennonite's bold behavior last week. It made his mind wander until he opened his own fly to jerk off.
Beside him Dawson nodded and agreed. Jerking sounded good. He however crawled up on the desk to dangle his manhood over her chest.
Brit returned her mouth to Marko swallowing his cock. He brusquely fed her by gripping her skull at the ears while she dangled limply over the edge of the desk.
At her feet Garrick halted his feast to drop his pants and crawl up over her with an applied condom. He them slide easily into her pussy. She was so drenched that any snugness had no bearing.
His thrusts grew intense causing her to groan and moan at Marko suffocating her and Garrick slamming her thighs hard.
Dawson held her to the desk as she slid awkwardly with each of Garrick's thrusts. As did Harding whom had pulled his own dick out and compressed Brit's hand around it. She did her best to stroke him but her attention wavered. He was satisfied minimally. He knew it must be difficult to coordinate though. He was patient.
Her left hand fanned out vividly trying to locate Beatty. Finally, he realized it and guided his cock into her final grip. At least all of them knew she was thinking of them.
Dawson knelt his profile under Garrick to suck on her breast.
She was ecstatic at her mission, feeling supportive of all of them.
Marko grunted as his cock throbbed like an earthquake. He tightens up and erupts a massive load in her mouth. With one burden from her goal she gasped at his exit from her throat. A trail of saliva and jizz webbed over her brow. She then carefully nudged Marko back and drew Beatty and Harding in side by side. She swallowed Marko's cum and wagged her tongue toward the two above her. Both men chuckled with a shrug and placed their crowns on her lips together. She giggled breathlessly and opened her jaw as wide as possible in an attempt to partake of both crowns at once. Barely managing she sucks on two crowns at once. Even she was amazed.
Garrick inside her shot loudly and eased out of her. Crawling aside Dawson replaced him with his own covered cock. He held her legs high and thrust downward into her. The change of sensation made her choke on Harding and Beatty while nearly screaming. They chose to back away and let her brewing orgasm take its toll on her.
Within minutes Dawson floods his condom and she drowns his latex.
Harding couldn't resist he made his move by spinning her lifeless agony around to face his side of the desk. He then entered her pussy for his own round of fireworks. Her eyes rolled back at Harding's final throes. She literally gripped him by his ears making his glasses tumble to the desk.
Final detonation he steps back staggering with glasses in hand.
This left Marko and Beatty.
Marko slid her off of the desk and made her kneel at his feet. There he jazzed a second time all over her face. Beatty was forced in by a chuckling Marko to add to his brew. A second coat pelted her brow and hairline.
Dawson and Garrick removed their condoms and poured them on her lips and nose.
Harding peppered his final droplets on her chin.
She sat there expressionless as the men got dressed. Dawson took the time to take cell pics of her in her cum covered state. She modelled and licked her lips.
After a round of laughter Harding helped her to her feet. Sitting her on the desk he lifted her chin.
"I look forward to that white top and mini skirt tomorrow."
"I'm taking my top off in the hallway." She sticks her tongue out at him as cum drips off of her nose.
"As long as no one reports you."
"I don't care if they do. My skirt goes up to my waist too. Guys WILL touch me all over. You can't stop me."
The men chuckle together as Marko adds, "Tough kid. Seeing as I'm the only one who hasn't officially fucked you, drop by my class over lunchtime."
"Only if I can bring a friend."
"Friend?"
Beatty pats him on the back, "Say Grace before you eat."
Brit smiles snorting, "That's funny."
Marko of course didn't understand.
Beatty in response gathered her clothes and assisted her into her pants. Her shirt was carefully pulled over her head to avoid the cum on her face. She wanted to walk out wet.
Shoes on, book bag over her arm she goes to the door.
Looking back over her shoulder she smiles.
"Best Group Hug ever."
They had to stay and talk for the next hour.
Bragging rights.
Brit met Jacob outside to give her a ride home.
"Were they rough on you?" Jacob sat concerned.
She points at her face, "Made me sweat. That's for sure."
He shook his head.
"Whore!"
"No. Just a slut."
"Slut!"
She merely shrugged.
He would keep her secret. He wanted more of her in the future.
She would give it up regardless.
Nice sentiment though.