I fucked up. I completely and utterly screwed up. I didn't have to see his face to know how angry he was at me. So now I must wait.
I am sitting in my car outside of his house, constantly looking left and right, awaiting his return anxiously. It could go one of two ways. He could come home and completely flip out and our engagement will be over. Or he will drag me upstairs by the hair, tie me to the bed naked and completely take out his anger on my ass so that I cannot sit straight for a week. I'm praying for the latter.
I nervously looked left and right down the street, until finally I saw his gray Honda Accord.
I shouldn't be so turned on right now. I shouldn't be so drenched, but I am. The thought of how angry Sir is, and how much more mad he would be if he knew how turned on I was, made my juices flow freely. Suddenly his car pulled beside mine and he was standing outside of my door. My stomach dropped. I swallowed hard and opened the door.
"Hi..." I said meekly.
"Upstairs. Now."
'Shit.' I thought. 'He's that mad.' I have come to find that the words "upstairs" create another deep pool of wetness between my legs.
I nodded and made my way past him through the door and upstairs to The Room. I call it The Room because this is where all of my punishments occur, ranging from mild to severe. When Sir tells me upstairs, he expects to come up and find me kneeling facing the wall, naked with my hands resting neatly on my thighs and my hair pulled back into a braid. I just made it into the room and only had enough time to strip, my hair still cascading down my back. I didn't have time to kneel, he followed behind me quickly, his hand taking a fistful of my hair and dragging me across the room to the giant X on the wall. Quickly he fastened me in and shoved a gag in my mouth.
"There will be no safe word for your punishment today. You will not move. You will count with your fingers, am I understood? Nod." He held my cheeks between his hands, squeezing them tightly.
Normally a safe word would be in place, however we had discussed that on certain occasions if he felt the need that I would lose that privilege. I trusted him enough to know that he knew my body better than I did. He knew the difference between me being comfortable and knowing when something was going wrong. I trusted him enough and agreed he had the power to grant or take away my safe word.
I nodded fearfully, tears welling up in my eyes. I watched him make his way across the room to the wall of whips, canes, and floggers. His fingers gently danced along his toys until they landed on a black leather paddle. This was his newest toy, hasn't even been used yet; Sir was saving it for a rainy day, but today will do just fine for him. This paddle was like no other I'd ever seen before. It was about five inches in length and three inches wide. It had little holes cut into it, making it very quick to cut through the air, and making the sting that much worse. The kicker to this paddle is that there were little metal prongs placed strategically across the leather. The paddle had wires that led to a little black box. On the box was various knobs, buttons, and switches that all had a different feature. Sir had it custom made just for me. The idea behind the paddle was that the prongs could either be made to heat up to very hot temperatures or cool down to nearly freezing. Depending on how he wanted the punishment to go was how he decided which temperature to use. The paddle was also programmed to shock me if a button on the handle was pressed. Finally, the last feature on the box had settings from 1-10. A chastity belt was the final touch to this custom paddle. Right in the center of the belt were two small dildos protruding from the belt. They could be made to inflate up to three times their length and five times their girth. They were about half an inch in girth and three inches long. It was the toy of Sirs' dreams and he was finally able to test it out.
He made his way into the toy box and pulled out a shiny pair of nipples clamps. Almost instinctively I tugged on my arms, desperately wanting to cover my sensitive nipples. He could see the fear building in my eyes, my muffled whimpers just barely audible behind the gag.
"Hush, slut." He growled at me. "I am in no mood for your pity party. Do you know why you are in this predicament?" His eyes glared right into my soul.
I broke eye contact with him, I couldn't bare to look him in the eyes. I messed up badly last night and I would never be able to apologize enough to him for it.
"Not only did I have to find out that my slut was severely intoxicated in a place that she had never been to before, I had to find out that you LIED to me about where you were last night, and I also had to pick you up to find another man groping you as if you were some whore on the streets. And as if that wasn't enough, you CAME by another mans hands and without my permission." Without being tender Sir grabbed my left nipple in his hand and quickly attached a clamp to it. A scream made its way up my throat and through the gag, my other nipple was given the same torture.
Tears were now freely falling down my cheeks. Last night I had gotten a call from my best friend asking me to finally come out with her to the new bar across town. I never went out without Sir but it had been so long since having a girls night I couldn't resist. I told him that I was going to sleep over Jessica's house for the night and we would be eating pizza and watching sappy movies. He happily agreed knowing that I missed hanging out with her and he even gave me fifty bucks for food! I was silently guilty that he went through all the trouble to make sure I had a good night, he even gave me a new pair of pajamas. He made me promise that I would answer my phone every time he called to check on me and I agreed deciding I would just go outside when he called. Sir dropped me off at Jessica's for six pm and kissed me goodnight, I hurriedly ran out of the car, blowing him another kiss, and made my way up the stair to Jess's house; she was waiting for me in the doorway. As soon as we could no longer see Sir on the street we rushed upstairs to get ready. I felt so naughty for lying but it turned me on so much. We shuffled through her closet to find something to wear.
The bar we were going to was a new BDSM bar downtown. You didn't have to participate in the action, the shows were free to watch if you wanted to. There were private rooms in the back where you could play out any scenes. It was more of a high end joint, very classy and the men were all real Dom's, not the sleezy old guys looking to take advantage of young girls such as myself and Jess. I was really excited to check things out for myself. Though Sir and I are engaged, we have a very open relationship. Though I'm permanently his live-in-sub, he has several other subs that he cares for. That's how I met Jess! Although I don't have any other master's, Sir has shared me with his other Dom friends from time to time, whether it be when he had to go away on business and needed someone to watch over me, or at his bondage parties that he hosts monthly. So forgive me for believing that it would be okay I snuck away for a night to play on my own. I knew lying was bad but. I honestly did not think that he would be upset I ventured off on my own for a night.
After rummaging through her closet I finally settled on a black leather halter dress. It came down just passed the round of my ass, leaving little to the imagination. There was a slit going up the side of my left leg, stopping right at my hip. I decided on no underwear tonight, which was made very apparent by the slit on my leg. We finished up on our hair and make-up and called a cab to take us downtown.
When we got to the bar we quickly added ourselves to the growing line. Not just anybody was allowed into the club, only registered Dom's and their subs were allowed in; they had a computer at the head of the line for the bouncer to get in. Jess was still one of Sir's subs, but only on the side so she had nothing to lose by being here tonight, but I was risking everything. As we neared the front of the line I noticed everybody receiving a colored wrist band, which was being scanned as it was being handed out. I didn't think anything of it, I figured it was to maybe monitor drink consumption or maybe it was like a membership and only certain colors could have access to certain areas. As we finally made our way inside we paused and took in our surroundings in awe. Tiny girls with small waists made their way around the bar carrying various drinks and shots of liquor. Some girls wearing full bodied latex suits, others nothing. On the stage was a spanking demonstration with a girl hanging by her wrists, standing just on her tip toes, while in the corners were girls bound in cages, being fucked through the bars. The musky smell of sex was in the air and it made my pussy clench in arousal. We made our way up to the bar to order some drinks when a large hand gathered a fistful of hair and pulled my head back. Instinctually I let out a moan, feeling my juices dripping down my thigh.
"Well hello there darling, aren't you a sight to see?" This stranger smirked in my ear as he ran his hand along my body, from the corner of my eye I could see Jess getting the same treatment from Strangers friend. His hand suddenly relaxed and I was able to get a really good look at his face. Stranger was about six feet tall, making me look very tiny standing at only five feet. He had a muscular build, looking military if I had to guess. Instead of the normal suit you'd expect, he was wearing a tight white tshirt, showing off all of the bumps and curves that his muscles formed, and giving me a nice peek at his tattoos going up and down his arms. His tight blue jeans showing off his now rock hard cock. He had piercing blue eyes, making him look very kind, and shaggy blonde hair. He wasn't your typical looking Dom, which peaked my interest. But what really got me was his dimples, I'm a sucker for dimples! My petite build practically makes me look like an ant below him. My long, curly brown, hair falling just to the top of my ass, my big green eyes and long eye lashes gaze up at him. My pale complexion making me look like a porcelain doll. Whilst getting ready that night I forgot to put my engagement ring back on. I never take it off but I figured this is why Stranger took it upon himself to approach me.
"I don't even know your name but you seem to think you can just touch me as you please?" I stated up at him questioningly.
He smirked as if amused, "You can call me Ty." He reached out and brushed a piece of hair behind my ear. I shrugged him off.
"Well, Ty, I will have you know that I am engaged. If you'll excuse me now." I began to walk away but he grabbed me by the arm, preventing my escape.
"Interesting. If you're engaged then where is your fiancé? And your ring?" He raised an eyebrow at me. He took a step closer and I took a step back.
I hesitated before responding. "It doesn't really matter. The point is that I don't know you very well, so you don't get to touch me in any way, shape, or form."
"We'll let me buy you a drink and we can get to know each other?"
I hesitated but what was one drink going to hurt? "Alright fine. I'd like a sombrero please. I'll be sitting in the corner over there with my friend." I eyed him cautiously and pulled Jess to the table.
We watched as Ty and his friend got our drinks. While my initial meeting wasn't going the way I'd like it to have, Jess was all over Ty's friend.
"He seems... Nice?" I had to bite my tongue to keep from being fresh. This guy had been all over her the entire night, not like she cared. She loves the attention, in any way that she can get it.
"Oh don't even lie, I know you don't like him. I get it, you aren't into fucking on the first date. That's no big deal!" She smiled at me. "And what about your new friend?"
I shrugged. "He's interesting. A bit too forward if you ask me. And very arrogant."
"Well we are at a sex club you know? Forgive him for thinking you were looking for a one night stand!" She giggled and I shot her a look.
"I'm just here to dance and observe. Nothing else. If Sir ever found out I was here tonight he'd have my head!"
"Suit yourself but I'm enjoying myself tonight! Oh look our drinks!" Jess beamed as she and her friend shared a scorpion bowl. Ty scooted in very close to me, close enough to catch a whiff of his cologne. Old spice; classic.
"One sombrero for the lady, and a jack and Coke for myself. Cheers!" I took my cup and clinked it with his.
"Cheers to... New friends?" I put an emphasis on friends, hoping he'd get the message, and took a long sip of my drink. It wasn't long before I started to feel the effects of the alcohol.
"Oh gosh *giggle* excuse me... I don't drink very often." I know I'm a light weight but I didn't think I was THIS bad at handling my liquor. My head felt really fuzzy and I felt so giddy. Even my body language had quickly changed and before I knew it I was sitting on Ty's lap.
He smirked at me before laying a hand on my knee. "Don't worry about it... Uh... What's your name?" I had never told him.
I bit my lip, hesitant to tell him. "I'm Leila."
He growled. "I like when you bite your lip, Leila. It turns me on thinking about myself biting that lip." His hand slowly ran its way up and down my thigh. My breathing quickened and suddenly I realized I was really horny. "You know what else turns me on?" He growled into my ear.
"What?" I blushed, my stomach in knots.
"I can smell you. I can smell how hot you're getting." His hand slowly trailed it's way to the top of my thigh and grazed just below my pussy lips. "You little slut, you're not wearing any underwear!" His fingers slid up higher finding the sopping wet entrance to my pussy. He easily slipped a finger deep inside and curled it, rubbing furiously at my g-spot.
"Fuck... What are you doing?" I moaned breathlessly. I let my legs fall apart and leaned my head against his chest. I could feel his hard cock pressing up against my ass, begging to be set free. I don't know what was causing me to act this way, and only after one drink.
He continued his torment on my aching pussy and grabbed a fistful of my hair, pulling my head back tightly. "I'm doing exactly what your body wants me to do to you. Feel how wet you are slut, you love the way my hands are touching you."
It was more true than I'd have liked to admit. My pussy was aching, begging to cum, but my mind didn't want me to. I felt disgusting at the same time. How could I have let this happen. If Sir ever found out what happened tonight he'd possibly kill me, or leave me, I don't know which is worse. All that I do know is that suddenly my clit was being rubbed very quickly while my g-spot was still being stimulated and before I knew it I had cum all over Ty's fingers. He removed his fingers from my pussy and shoved them in my mouth, still holding my head tightly.
"Taste yourself, slut. Taste the cum that I just forced out of that pussy. Now doll, why don't you get on your knees an-"
"LEILA!" My head snapped up and I froze. Staring at me from nearly five feet away, a mix between angry and hurt, my Sir.
My mouth hung wide open and my heart was pounding out of my chest. "Sir... I can explain..."
"Keep your mouth shut, young lady. I don't want to hear another word from you. Jess, say goodbye to your friend. We're leaving." He walked up to me and grabbed my arm tightly, pulling me off of Ty's lap. "How much did you have to drink tonight?" Sir observed the table to only see my drink half empty.
"Just that..." I felt dizzy and had to lean on Sir to keep stable.
He lifted the drink and gave it a smell. Rage filled his face. "Did you drug her!?" He let go of my arm and grabbed Ty by the shirt. I froze in fear, not sure if I should be more upset that I was apparently drugged, or scared for Ty's safety.
Ty smirked at Sir, patting him on the shoulder. "Hey man, I just gave her a little x. Loosen her up a little bit. She's at a sex club and didn't even want me to touch her! She's fine! Right Leila?" Ty winked at me, causing me to turn bright red and instantly horny again. Sir punched him in the face, causing me to scream, but Ty took the punch like a champion. "If I ever see you near my girl again I'll kill you. Do I make myself clear?" Ty smirked once more, rubbing his cheek where it met with the fist. "Crystal."
Sir turned to look down at me and I trembled beneath his glare. "I'm dropping Jess off, and then I'm dropping you off at home. Grab your things." I sighed and followed behind him, fighting back my tears.
After dropping Jess off at home, the car ride to my house was silent. I couldn't bear to look at you or try to apologize. I didn't want to anger you further so we sat in silence. When finally we pulled up in front of my house I hesitated before grabbing my things. As I was about to get out of the car you painfully grabbed me by the arm, forcing me to face you.
"I have no words to say to you right now. I don't know what to think."
"How did you... How did you find me?" I nervously asked.
"That wrist band that you're wearing. Only the subs get them. Their doms get notified via email as the bands are scanned. So imagine my surprise when I received not one, but two emails about my subs being admitted to the club and asking me to rate my experiences there for the grand opening weekend. I was shocked. I thought, 'No, not my Leila and Jess. They're at home watching movies!' So I decided to head down there and check it out because I knew there MUST be some mistake. But to my surprise I find you curled up on some assholes lap, fingers coated in your pussy juices shoved in your mouth, and the best part was the smile on your face. It was the same smile you give to me after I let you cum, so I can only imagine..." His voice trailed off. I betrayed his trust and I cheated on him.
"Sir... I'm... I'm so sorry!" I burst into tears.
"You're going to be. Go to bed. You will drive to my house and arrive no later than nine am." He didn't even kiss me goodnight.
"Yes sir. I will see you in the morning." I slowly opened the car door and got out, standing on the curb I watched him speed away, leaving me alone in the dark. When I got inside I ran to my room and threw myself on the bed sobbing.
"What have I done!?"