Cassie stepped off the stage at the Vanguard club 6021 Hollywood Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90028 and her hands adjusted the short, black, moulded to her skin party dress, still on a high. It was not only the weekly Wednesday night but the Little Black Dress 3 Monthly Competition night. Her friend Angela had pressured the 21-year-old, long-haired, tall for an Asian at 5 ft 7, 121 pound Asian Cassie and their other friend Amber to enter. All three were Chinese from Penang and were on a long Uni vacation from Malaysia to the USA staying at Amber's aunt's apartment in LA. Cassie was surprised that she had ventured on stage such things being banned in Muslim Malaysia, but was more surprised at the audience applause but didn't think that she would make it to the final posedown for to determine first place and the prize of $250. Fifteen had entered but only two would go on stage for the finale,
"As long as Angela doesn't make it and I don't," she thought, because although friends the two were perhaps too similar and were competitive in everything they did together. Others went on stage; all Vietnamese or Vietnamese Chinese aged from 18 to 23 and did their 2 minutes of fame. Then the punters placed their vote on the form given to them at entry in the provided barrel and the votes were quickly counted and tallied. The MC grabbed bounced on stage, grabbed the mike and announced WWE style, "Cuuuuuuuuuuuum on uuuuuuuuuuuuup Jenn Traaaaaaaaaaaaan and defend your title."
The 18 yr old 5ft 1 100 pound 34 25 32 inch Vietnamese strode confidently on stage. 5 inch high heels made her look taller and her short black cocktail party dress could have been painted on. She shook her mane of auburn died hair and accepted the plaudits of the crowd as if she was born to rule.
"And the chaaaaaaallllengerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr, a neeeeeewcomerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr from overseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeas." He paused dramatically.
"Miiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiisss," again he paused. "Cassie Looooooooooow."
Cassie hadn't been paying attention and it wasn't until Amber started pushing her forward to the stage that she realized it was her that was her, and that the crowd had voted as one of the two top girls. She clambered on stage and smiled at the younger Vietnamese and Jenn Tran hissed back, "This is my turf bitch, and you are going down. Way down," before the MC explained the contest to Cassie.
The electronic music thumped out and the 2 girls gyrated to the throbbing pulsating thud of the bass synth for 5 minutes. Gradually Cassie became more relaxed and started to enjoy the crowd pushing up to the stage trying to get up close and personal to the 2 dancers. However, every time Cassie tried to move to centre stage, Jenn Tran somehow seemed to move and force her to the back or side. Her last attempt to take her centre stage time out front culminated with one of Jenn's 5-inch heels scraping down Cassie's leg narrowly missing her foot.
Then it was Jenn Tran's solo of 3 minutes and she left nothing in reserve. Her pelvic thrusts, tit caressing and moves made Lady Gaga look like a conservative grandmother. After finishing as she passed Cassie she sneered, "That's why I'm number one."
A little pissed off with what had happened so far with the Vietnamese beauty queen, Cassie started her short solo prepared to give it her all. She heard the audience applaud and thought she was on a roll but as she spun around she saw the real reason. Jenn Tran had had a Janet Jackson wardrobe malfunction and was displaying her naked boobs to the audience.
For Cassie time passed like molasses dripping from a spoon at minus 10 Celsius. Something welled up inside her and she thought, "This slut is not going to beat without a fight," and she slid the spaghetti string straps of her tight black dress down and presented her firm taut boobs to the audience who went wild. She danced back to Jenn Tran and said "Match this, you Viet slag," and shimmied out of her thin party dress so she was wearing only a black micro thong and opened her arms to the audience encouraging them to howl their approval and forcing Jenn Tran to strip to her thong to match her.
For the final 10 minutes, Cassie refused to be intimidated by the experience 18-year-old, deliberately posing close to her emphasizing her greater height. Getting close to the short Vietnamese and showing the whistling, cheering frenzied crowd her long legs and more toned, taut body. Jenn Tran was worried and slid down and kicked off her thong and twerked her naked body; an act that Cassie matched and bettered throwing hers to the crowd who fought among themselves to keep the trophy as she did her arse and pelvic thrusts before them.
The 10 minutes ended and each stepped forward to receive the audience applause vote, which decided the winner. Obviously, this favoured the local champion as even if the applause was slightly more for the challenger, the MC always went with the local.
"And the winnnnnerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
Yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeees It's...................................
Cassie Looooooooowwwwwwwwwwww."
The audience had left the MC with no choice so great was the support for the Chinese Malaysian Cassie. After presenting the nude, sweat covered Cassie with her $250 the MC spat out, "And the boss wants to see you upstairs." He pointed to a door on the mezzanine floor and went to console his weeping girlfriend Jenn trying to work out how he could explain not selecting what happened and still get her to fuck.
Cassie entered the office and was startled. The boss was a middle-aged Vietnamese woman still trying to dress like a teenager. She handed Cassie the prize money and said "I like what I saw out there. $150 for each weekend and you will replace Jenn Tran be the face of The Vanguard Club. What do you say?"
Cassie couldn't accept quickly enough. What, being paid to party just like Paris Hilton. No way could it happen to her.
She stepped outside the room into the hallway and was grabbed from behind and held in a half nelson, her arms pointing upright to the ceiling. Long fingers reached under her short dress, slid her thong aside and caressed her slit. She struggled but her assailant forced her head down so she was bent double with her assailant's body weight immobilizing her, all the time the fingers of her attacker were rubbing and opening the Malaysian's pussy.
Despite her efforts to struggle, she couldn't escape and her slit was opening wider and becoming wet to the intruder's touch. Then the fingers moved and stated playing with and teasing her clit. Minutes passed and Cassie was moaning and thrusting back at the thumb inside her cunt as the other fingers strummed her clit. Cassie couldn't help herself and was grunting as she neared orgasm. Finally, she came loudly and tasted her cum as the fingers were thrust in her mouth.
"It's me bitch. Taste your cum. I dare you to sexfight me for the weekend job. When I beat you, you can crawl back in that office and say you think Jenn Tran is better and should be the face of the club. If you don't I'm going to fist rape your arse now."
It was the Vietnamese teenager Jenn Tran and to say she had the upper hand (or in this case fist) was an understatement. With no escape from the situation Cassie, despite this being her first sexfight decided to try and act tough. Would her online cyber battles at the freecatfightforums help her? Probably not she thought, but she put on a tough front.
"I usually don't eat Vietnamese because Chinese is better but in your case I'll make the exception. Bring it on skank."
"Yeah, well that cost you bitch because I take my first victory and lead now one zip in the first to three."
She released Cassie and they began to undress, not looking at one another as they slid their nightclub dresses off. Slowly, their mouths came together in the most passionate kiss Cassie had ever experienced. Their mouths expressed their longing and their lust, their desire to defeat the other girl, searching, probing, searing one another, until they broke apart, panting and mewling softly in a sweet delirium of need. was a momentary break because the two quickly reengaged. Jenn Tran's fingers bit into the flesh of Cassie's back. They clawed at her bra clasp, frantically freeing it, pulling off the Chinese visitor's bra. Cassie responded likewise. And then they both gave in to the wild urgency of their hot need to have victory over the other.
Jenn Tran sucked Cassie's still swollen nipples sharply, making her howl and cry out with ecstatic pleasure. Both Asians were naked when Jenn Tran lowered her mouth to Cassie's still hard and responsive nipples. With her tongue, she teased Cassie until the 21-year-old was moaning and whimpering, coiling it around her erect nipples, arousing them. When she finally sucked one between her lips, she could feel Cassie's body stiffen with excitement. They fell together onto the floor, Cassie sighing and moaning heatedly as Jen Tran's mouth found her breasts and tried to swallow them. Wildly they tried to suck and kiss and fondle each other as they melded to each other, naked, writhing and twisting together, groaning and shivering with victory lust over each other.
Suddenly, Jenn Tran decided it was time and slowly moved their naked bodies into position. Their legs intertwined, and they drew their dripping, aching, oozing slits together, both looking down until the wet cuntlips kissed, and their swollen, erect clits touched.
"Ahhhh!" Cassie gasped.
"Ohhnnn . . . ohhnnn! God . . . I'm going to fuck you senseless, Chinese slut, It's so easy, bitch," Jenn Tran panted.
They kissed savagely, grinding their wet pussies together, nearly fainting from the intense pleasure that gripped their gyrating bodies. Each girl dropped her mouth to the other's tits, and each sucked one of the other girl's nipples fiercely, pumping with her hips and grunting softly at the same time. In less than a minute, they dissolved together in a frantic torrent of hot sex, squealing and moaning, their surging bodies churning and shuddering. For five minutes they fucked.
"Ungghh!" Jenn Tran grunted. "Auungghiiieeee! Ohnngghiieee!". She had cum her juices flooding over Cassie's thrusting slit.
But seconds later Cassie clung to her, wheezing and gagging on an uprush of sharp spasms. "Unnmmgghh! Oh! Unghhhiieeee!" she cried out, grimacing as her intense orgasm seized her.
Although she had made the Vietnamese 18-year-old cum she now trailed her 2 to 1 and knew if she came again she had lost. They coiled together again in a relentless rhythm, kissing and caressing one another as their slits engaged in a prolonged battle. Cassie held Jenn Tran's fuller breasts and licked her large round nipples, finally sucking them until each one was stiff and rubbery and springy as she tugged them with her teeth, bringing semi-hysterical whimpers of need from deep in the now aroused Vietnamese teenager.
Sensing Cassie was making too much progress Jenn twisted and wriggled until she slipped down between Cassie's silky golden thighs. She smoothed away the shaven black hair from Cassie's gaping wet slit, then slithered her tongue deep into her rival's pussy. Cassie groaned and her slim body arched and stiffened. She began quivering and moaning uncontrollably, nearly surrendering totally to the younger Vietnamese's caresses.
But something deep within her told her to keep resisting, something made her keep fighting and not surrender and her tongue went on a search and destroy mission in the Vietnamese's slit. The two were locked in 69 and Cassie could feel her determination to win slipping away as she responded to the Vietnamese when suddenly the round moons of Jenn Tran's arse clenched and twitched signalling she was drawing closer to her climax. It gave Cassie renewed hope and she filled her hands with The Vietnamese's arse as she devoured her streaming cunt. She squeezed Jenn Tran's smooth buns and teased her swollen clit with her tongue, then sucked it into her mouth, bringing the 18-year-old Vietnamese to a prolonged, explosive orgasm.
"Auungghhh!" Jenn Tran cried out, her bowed, taut body quivering as one overpowering spasm after another wrenched her flesh. "Nnnunnggmmmm! Oh! Oh . . . Jesus, unnggmmmnnnggghhiieeee!"
It was 2 all and something burst into Cassie's brain. She had read on Aussie Greg's website about the Filipina control position. Was it true? Would it work?
Quickly she sat and arranged the Vietnamese on her back her head away from Cassie and with her legs draped over Cassie's shoulders. She tucked the Vietnamese's ankles between her arms and body and laid her legs over Jenn Tran's shoulders and locked her ankles behind the Vietnamese's head. Jenn Tran was immobilised pinned to the floor and with her legs trapped against Cassie. The Vietnamese's pussy was open in front of Cassie's face. Cassie slowly deliberately went to work on the 18-year-old's pussy with her tongue.
She played with her like a cat with a mouse.
"You got a problem bitch. You said bring it on. I'll bring it on, cunt."
Cassie tongue-fucked her until Jenn Tran was a helpless, squirming basket-case, mewling insanely, biting her full lower lip, her hips quaking and churning frantically. Even though she could have had her cum at any time Cassie prolonged it savouring the feelings of certain victory rushing through her body. She decided it was time and released the Vietnamese who slumped groaning to the floor.
Cassie dropped her mouth to Jenn's tits. She sucked the Vietnamese's quivering aching nipples and rubbed her clit roughly, and suddenly the 18-year-old spilled into a violent climax.
"Ungghh! Ohnngg! God . . . Nooooooooooooooooooooooooo," she wailed; her body surging and convulsing as a fierce orgasm wracked her. Cassie didn't let her come down from it. Instead, she wriggled down between Jenn Tran's quivering thighs and began to eat her pussy hungrily, licking and slurping it, tormenting the Vietnamese's's throbbing clit, devouring the entire wet, pulsing gash of her cunt, until Jenn Tran was quickly coming again, groaning and shuddering through a fresh shockwave of spasms.
"Ohhhnnnn . . . ohnnnnn god, no No Nooooooooooooo Ungghhh! Ohhhnnn . . . "
Cassie stood and remembered more from Aussie Greg's stories. She straddled her defeated writhing rival and opened her slit and for the first time in her life released her golden shower on a defeated woman. She knew it wouldn't be the last. Next would be her two-faced friend Amanda.
Clap. Clap. Clap.
Cassie spun around. It was the 45-year-old Vietnamese owner Lan Huon slowly clapping her hands. She smiled and said. "I need a partner in a sexfight against Phuong Ha the owner of the club across the road and her daughter to decide which club will apply for the Wednesday night extended hours. It was going to be this," she said pointing at Jenn Tran, "but I think you have proved you are the better woman. Win and you get half the profits from the extended hours."
Cassie looked undecided as she wriggled into her black party dress and Lan Huon took her by the arm. "Come inside my office and I'll show you my projected profit figures and don't forget to bring her dress and shoes. We don't want her walking downstairs like she won."