You take my hand. It doesn't matter where. It's the how. Just your walking up. Immediately taking my hand. Pulling it. With a look back. A little smile with an eyebrow arched.
You lead me to a quiet place. Turning towards me, you ask me to take a knee. I yield and wait. Telling me to look at you, you disrobe slowly, teasingly. A button here. Running your finger slowly to your cleavage. A flash of a nipple. Your hip.
All the while, you are talking softly. You say, "When I am done, I will tell you what to do next. You will not speak. You will watch me. And listen to me."
As I watch you, I am overcome with love, with admiration. With lust. Your presence always excites me, but right now I am watching a fantasy. You are touching yourself. You have stripped down to a tight red bra and panties. Over them you have on your corset which is zipped down enough for you to reach inside and produce a breast. God, you are so beautiful. I ache. I yearn to touch, grasp, fondle.
You stare at my eyes. You know you have control of me and the situation. You start to pull your nipple out a bit. Rolling it lightly.
"Do you like my breast? Wouldn't you like to touch it, to hold it like this?" You pull the nipple out further. It hardens.
Slowly you turn away. Bending down. You show me your ass. Your arms around your calves. Your face looking at mine. Smiling upside down.
"Or maybe you would like to spank me a little? Feeling my soft skin redden under your hand."
Your hand moves slowly up your leg to you butt. Swirling your fingers lightly. You scratch yourself lightly with a fingernail. I am mesmerized by the trail it leaves.
"I am going to make myself come. You are going to watch."
Behind you there is a pile of pillows. You take a seat leaning back into them. You are tilted up. You know you are tempting me. You know I want to grab you. Take you.
"You may not touch me. But you can watch. Stand up and take off your clothes."
The whole time you have been lightly touching yourself. Legs, feet, hips, breast, neck. You recline in front of me a little ways off. Your hands flip your hair off your neck. Your fingers graze a nipple. And you circle it with your palm. Your eyes get a little unfocused as you move your other hand slowl, so slowly, underneath the frill of your panty. Red. Smooth. Your are lightly touching yourself. You look at me.
"Look me in the eyes," you say. "Go get the coconut oil. Come back here and stand in front of me. Hold out the jar so I can get some on my finger tips."
When I return, you are still circling your nipple and clit. You look far away and earnest. Your head is turned a bit to the side. Breathing a bit faster. I see you convulse gently as you pick up your pace.
Your hand rises up from under your panties. "Open the jar." You motion impatiently. Dabbing your fingers in the coconut oil, your hand returns under the red panty. You look away again.
"Stand in between my legs. I bet you would like me to pull my panties down, wouldn't you?" You are not looking at me. You are not expecting an answer. You are in your head. But you gently tug your panties down a little way. Your hand but not your fingers visible as they circle your spot. You look sensuous and erotic and distant. The pace picks up another notch. Your chest is starting to flush. You stop.
You look at me again, with a slight smile. My predicament amuses. You are still touching yourself but more slowly. Your other hand is pulling down the zipper of the corset. It falls away from you. You are letting your other breast out from under the bra. You stop, move upright, and twist.
"Undo my bra," you order. As I do, your hands cover your breasts. You hold them underneath letting your index finger lightly circle your nipples. As you twist back facing me, you lick your lips.
"You would love me to take you in my mouth. You can imagine my tongue under the tip. You can see my teeth graze the head. You know how good it feels as I suck you in. Rub your penis on my lips. Let you come. You would love to see my displeasure at having your cum in my mouth, but I know you would love to see me slowly let it dribble down on to my chest."
I am getting hard. I would love it. And more. I'd love to lick it up and put one of those nipples in my mouth...
"That's not going to happen today." You smile at my disappointment. "No, today is about me coming the way I want. You are here as a witness not a participant."
I am starting to tremble. I can't speak. I can't touch. I could drool, I suppose, but it would be inappropriate. I look at you longingly.
You lean back until you are comfortable. One hand leaves a breast only to touch the other. "Give me some more oil." You are demanding now. I offer you the jar. You help yourself, returning the hand to your vulva. You finger disappears into the folds. You gasp as you rub. You are getting urgent now. You pull your nipple and you stomach starts to spasm.
"Take out your prick and touch yourself. Now...use some oil...watch me come.
You have lost sight of me, really. I am just a voyeur to your orgasm. But now I am touching myself with intent.
Your breathing becomes rough. Your cheeks flush. Your neck is red. Your ass is rising up off the pillows. Your fingers are busy.
I want very much to put your nipple in my mouth to nibble and tease and help get you off.
Suddenly, I feel my cock getting harder, more sensitive. I am watching you come so good. You are rolling slightly on the pillows. Your stomach is taut as the climax approaches. Your head moves back and forth. Your eyes are closed, and your mouth is open. You look exquisite. You shake violently as your fingers slow and leave your clitoris.
I can't take anymore. I am above you, between your legs. I try to hold back my ejaculation. I want to come but I am resisting so it will last as long as possible. My eyes are glued to yours as I start to come. First a stream erupts from the tip. I watch it hit your beasts as another follows quickly. I can barely stand.
I love seeing my come on you. It starts to run down the side of your breast. I gawk. I yearn. I am overcome with pleasure. My heart is racing even as my penis softens. We are both panting from our orgasms as I lean down. I slowly lick my come from your breasts, taking extra time to graze your nipples with my tongue.
"Look at me," you whisper. "Join me."