Professor Amy N. Lowman, Ph.D., closed the door to her art studio a little louder than I was used to. And being all worked up tonight, the slamming door didn't help my nerves. It was exam night. But in an art class, a final would constitute a painting, and with my nerves, I knew I'd have to calm down in order to get an A.
Of course, it didn't help that this was my third college class. My high school let advanced juniors and seniors take college courses, and as a 18 year old senior, I was well younger than the other 4 college aged guys in the class who appeared calm as clear blue sky.
The studio was set up a little differently than usual, and as I set out my brushes and paint, I glanced around to notice the changes. The five of us were situated in a circle facing inward, around a two tiered circular platform. The inner circle was 2 feet in diameter and rose 5 inches above the outer circle which was about 10 feet in diameter and also rose 5 inches above the ground. Very odd.
"Before we get started I just wanted to say that it's been a great quarter. All of you are technically very good. But for tonight I want you to use more emotion in your work. Express how you feel. Stay relaxed. And let your work flow from your inner self. Tonight's final will be a portrait." Dr. Lowman stood up onto the platform, which didn't budge under her beautiful body. She had her hair up, which I loved, and her glasses were on the tip of her nose. She wore a white button up shirt with her sleeves rolled up, and a black bra underneath which could easily be seen. Her shirt was un-tucked and fell over a black mini skirt that zipped up the back. Her elegant legs were bare, and she wore flip flops on her feet. She was always beautiful, probably in her late 20's, and always made my heart pound a few beets faster than I would have liked.
The professor looked to her office and motioned for someone to come over. In a white robe and also wearing flip flops, a young girl walked over to the platform and stepped up to the top step with the aid of Dr. Lowman's hand. The young girl kicked off the flip flops.
"This is Stacie. She is the subject of your portrait tonight. And she will be nude." With that, Dr. Lowman pulled the neck of the robe back and down off of Stacie's shoulders, revealing a naked, fair skinned, trim body with perfect breasts, and a fully shaved pussy. Her shoulder length hair flowed down around a face that was young and innocent. She looked 16, but she was probably 18, considering certain laws about minors and nudity. I had never heard our professor talk about Stacie before, and I suddenly became curious about their relationship. Dr. Lowman walked off the platform with the robe. Stacie was very calm and comfortable standing there, and the other guys were calm as they handled their brushes, but I was losing my concentration, my heart beating faster, my dick bulging in my pants, and my breath getting shallow. The platform started to rotate with a slight hum of a motor. Stacie was able to look at everyone in turn. She didn't really hold still like I thought portrait subjects were suppose to. And the rotating actively changed the perspective. I was the last person that Stacie looked at in the rotation and when our eyes locked she smiled at me. I don't know what came over me but I froze with lust.
"Having problems?" Dr. Lowman whispered into my ear as she snuck up behind me and past me.
"Obviously this is an action portrait. Try and capture the motion, react to it, let it grow on you." Dr. Lowman smiled and stepped up onto the platform again, this time without her flip flops, and joined Stacie on the upper circle. The professor stood behind her, her left hand resting on Stacie's left thigh, and her right hand began tracing the line from Stacie's crotch to her hip. Stacie responded with a heavy breath looking down at the professor's hands, putting her left hand on top of Dr. Lowman's left, and her right on Dr. Lowman's cheek, which was next to Stacie's face as the professor looked down over our subjects shoulder.
I couldn't believe my eyes. Another painter let his brush fall and stared like I did. But the other three still tried to concentrate on painting. Did these two beautiful creatures share an intimate relationship? One that none of us students even remotely detected. True none of us had ever met Stacie but usually people drop hints, and our professor never eluded to anything like this.
Dr Lowman's right hand glided up Stacie's rib cage slowly, and they both smiled and exhaled deeply. Stacie then turned around to face the other woman. She raised her arms up to take the glasses sitting on Dr. Lowman's nose and flung them to the floor. She then let the professor's hair down, and played with it as it flowed down and around their shoulders. They both smiled again, and then came together for a very passionate kiss. Their lips caressed each others'. Stacie's arms wrapped around Dr. Lowman's neck and the professor's arms wrapped around Stacie's waist. Then they were pushing their tongues into each others mouths slowly, the professor's hands rubbing her guest's waist, ass and rib cage.
Stacie's arms pulled in and her hands started unbuttoning the professor 's shirt, revealing the black bra that everyone already saw. The shirt was flung across the room, as the zipper to Dr. Lowman's mini skirt was pulled down, dropping the skirt to the platform, revealing a matching black thong, great hips, and a wonderful ass. Our professor then kicked the skirt, which hit the back of my easel. It startled me, and I looked around to see that all five of us were now staring at our two subjects. Paint brushes had fallen to the floor, and one of the guys was even rubbing himself through his pants. My own dick was raging to be released, and my lips were dry. Never had I dreamed to actually see my beautiful professor the way I always fantasized.
The two broke their kiss, and the rotation of the platform let them see that all of us were looking at them. This made them smile, and Stacie moved to undo Dr. Lowman's bra. Her breasts were also beautiful, and now mingling with Stacie's. Their nipples were perky as their breasts pressed together. The bra fell to the floor, and Stacie's fingers slid to the thong, quickly pulling them down to the floor as well. Dr. Lowman's pussy was as hairless as Stacie's, and the two females looked like hot college students.
They started their kissing again and their right hands went to each others pussy lips, while their left arms wrapped around each others shoulders. It was like a dance, soft, sensual, slow, tender, their tongues and fingers tapped, lapped and nudged all lips that they made contact with. Their hands were starting to glisten as their juices coated the other's fingers.
Suddenly, Stacie's knee buckled and she gasped in pleasure. Dr. Lowman guided her to lay down on the upper step. Stacie's back rested on the 2 foot diameter step, but her head and half her ass were hanging off. Our professor then came down on top of her in a 69, her tongue gently poking at Stacie's pussy. Stacie held her head up to reach the other's pussy, and the two started slowly licking and sucking.
All the other guys now had their dicks out, hard, as they stroked themselves while watching the girls. I was still intimidated, but decided to try it. I pulled at my button and zipper and shoved my hand into my briefs, grabbing a hold of my cock and stroking. I wasn't ready to show off my member to the whole class just yet.
The two ladies were now vigorously eating each other out. Stacie still had her head up without support, shoving her lips, tongue and nose into the professor's cunt. Dr. Lowman was bobbing her head up and down, using full strokes of her tongue along the length of Stacie's lips. They both started to moan between their heavy breathing. With the rotating platform, I could see each one's lapping of the other. I stroked harder, but my briefs limited my range of motion, so I pulled my pants and briefs down and stroked my hard cock proud like the other guys.
The two girls were now constantly moaning as they lapped each other. Dr. Lowman put the thumb of one hand on Stacie's clit and rubbed in small circles as she shoved two fingers of her other hand deep into Stacie's pussy. Between her thumb and her fingers, the professor's tongue darted along Stacie's pussy lips, all actions occurring simultaneously. Stacie arched her back lifting her self and the professor a little, and let her head fall, slightly gurgling in pleasure, then brought her head back up to lick more.
Stacie put her fingers on either side of Dr. Lowman's clit and bounced it back and forth while her tongue dived deep into her hot cunt. Dr. Lowman squirmed and growled. Then Stacie lubed up her thumb and pressed it slowly into the professor's ass hole. Little by little, her thumb was swallowed, sending the professor into violent convulsions, but their mouths never left each others pussies. The convulsions spread to Stacie and both began whimpering while their tongues stopped moving but their fingers continued their assault. They calmed down once the aftershocks finished rolling through them. They looked around again and saw that we were all still jacking off to their naked, sweaty, rotating bodies.