The Royal Gorge in Colorado is a place I'd visited a few times, but not with Lori. So, it came as a little of a surprise when she suggested we make a trip to Colorado for a few days and see it. Admittedly, I wasn't all that keen on the idea, mainly because it's a long way from Dallas...and I've seen it.
Lori stated that she would wear a couple of the outfits I bought her for our trips to Mexico, including the one that looked like a tennis dress. She began to get my attention. Flashing strangers is something she enjoys a lot and if possible, I enjoy her doing it even more than she enjoys it.
In college, she competed in gymnastics and today she still teaches it. At 28 she can do every move she teaches, and from my unprofessional view, it appears to be at competition level. At 5' tall and 100 pounds she looks almost identical to the way she looked in college. The one major difference is that after she quit competing and working out eight hours a day, she grew some tits.
I'm Steve. I'm a couple of years older and at 6' 2" tall there's quite a height difference. We've been married four years. Our sex life is great and what greatly enhances it is that she loves to be an exhibitionist. She's very casual about it and most of the time it appears completely accidental. She's flashed many men under many circumstances with most of them unaware any of it was on purpose. On our vacation to Mexico she stayed topless on the beaches and even walked up to the beach bars and ordered our beers topless. Her one rule is no touching. However, we broke that little rule last year in the pool. In all fairness, I set that up without her knowledge. Most of the things we do are spur of the moment, which we both feel makes it more exciting. Although we don't plan these things, we do look for unusual opportunities.
Last year in a friend's pool, he and another friend and I talked her into going topless after everyone else left the pool. Mark, the guy with the pool, has seen Lori topless on several occasions, but he knew her no touching rule. David, on the other hand had never seen her topless. When she left the pool to grab us all some beer I told Mark to start up a conversation about her size, feel and her nipples, which stand up half an inch when she's excited or cold. Her tits are so sensitive that if you ever do get ahold of them there's no turning back for her.
Mark began the conversation almost as soon as she handed us the beers. He and David both made several comments, especially about her nipple length. I could tell she was enjoying the attention. Then while Mark and David stood in front of her and I stood close to her side Mark simply blurted out to David, "You should check out the weight of them while we're this close. Lori looked at him with a little bit of surprise in her face, but she didn't back up. David reached up and lifted her right tit and took his time feeling of it. Then Mark did the same. I whispered in her ear how exciting this was and then told her to kiss me. This was their sign to each suck on a nipple. As soon as I kissed her, that's exactly what they did. She broke away from the kiss and watched them for a minute but she didn't push them away. We didn't know David well. I'd only played golf with him a couple of times, so he didn't know any of her rules. I turned her face back to me and we passionately kissed again. Then, because I was on the side closest to David, I felt his arm move as he slipped his hand inside her bikini bottom. I continued kissing her and felt her legs part to allow him better access. This only lasted about two minutes and then she broke away fanning herself as if on fire.
She said, "That's enough boys. You've already broken my rules."
Lori wasn't mad and I acted as if I didn't know David put his hand down her bikini bottom.
On the way home Lori said, "Are you okay we broke the rules."
"They're your rules. It was extremely exciting to me. Are you okay with it?"
"I admit I was having fun, but David crossed another line. I can't cross that line," she stated with a look of concern.
"What line is that?" I questioned as if I didn't know anything about it.
"I don't want you to get mad at David or me for that matter."
"I won't get mad. We were all just having fun and trying to get you excited. Did it work?" I said almost laughing.
She laughed back. "It worked. However, while they were sucking on my nipples, which you know drives me crazy, and you were kissing me, David put his hand down the front of my suit."
"Really? I wasn't aware of that. Did he put his fingers in you?"
"Are you sure you want to know all the details?"
"Absolutely, tell me everything. I still think the whole thing was very exciting."
"Yes, he did. I was so wet from you guys playing with me that his fingers slipped right in before I even had time to think about what was going on. I should have broken it up immediately, but I didn't. Considering my state of arousal, his fingers in me and his thumb dancing around on my clit felt great. That coupled with the fact that he's practically a stranger added to the excitement of the situation."
"How long did you let him finger you before you backed off?" I questioned, already knowing the answer.
"About two minutes. I had to quit before I climaxed and everyone else knew what he was doing to me."
"Well what do you think?" She questioned almost begging for an answer.
"I think we should invite David over to our pool next time."
"You're so bad. That wasn't the answer I expected. I'm still not going to fuck someone else, even if you do think you'd like it."
"Understood."
That was a year ago and unfortunately, aside from Lori's flashing, nothing else has happened with David or anyone else. Of course, regardless of what she says, I always hoped that the opportunity would arise, especially on our trip to Colorado.
We arrived late and got up late our first day in Colorado. Lori did dress in her 'tennis dress'. It's not actually a tennis dress, but it is as short as one. It's thin cotton, pale yellow, see through in the right light, and full like a tennis skirt. When the wind blows, she can't keep it down. Her matching top is low cut, spaghetti straps and a size too large on purpose. Anyone with a side view gets a look at most of her tit and when the wind blows a little, her nipple. She was ready to go and so was I. She caught the attention of many men, and a few women, as we shopped and ate lunch. Lori was in rare form and everything she did added to her excitement. We went to a late lunch at a little patio café and sat at a table with bar stools directly across from four men in their early to late thirties. They were sitting at a regular table affording them a great view up to her legs. Usually she leaves a little landing strip at the top of her pussy, but for this trip she shaved completely. Since she never wears underwear, they got a great view. As if not enough flashing went on, she scooted to the end of her stool and put her feet on the bars below elevating her knees and giving them a perfect unobstructed view up her skirt to her bare pussy. Since we didn't want to make it obvious by continually looking their direction, I set our camera on the table and hit record. The guy with his back to us moved next to one of his friends to get a better view.
We sat and drank several beers. The original four men were replaced with three younger men who weren't quite as reserved in their actions as the older guys. I believe Lori flashed them even more. We finally left to tour the Royal Gorge and noticed a man offering helicopter rides at a price. Lori really wanted to ride in the helicopter, but the truth is, she was scared shitless. She didn't want to let that stop her, so I went up to talk to the pilot.
Mickey, the pilot, couldn't take his eyes off Lori even though she was a good forty feet away. We discussed a thirty-minute flight and worked out some details.
Mickey, still looking at Lori from several feet away as she fought trying to hold down her skirt, said, "She does know that her little skirt will fly all over the place in this thing doesn't she?"
"I'm not sure if she knows or not, but I do. I think we'll have a lot of fun today."
I peeked inside the helicopter. Bear with me because I know nothing about helicopters so my description won't be great. This had a 40/60 seat in it with the control directly in front of the 60 side of the seat. It stood up like a floor shift on an old truck.
With a mischievous smiled I asked Mickey, "Can you have her sit with one leg on each side of that control?"
He laughed and said, "Absofuckinlutely."
To set Lori's nerves at ease, at least a little, I began telling her that Mickey is a retired Marine pilot. He's flown many years and under the worst of conditions. She appeared to relax somewhat.
"He can't take his eyes off you," I told her laughingly.
"I noticed that too. On the other hand, I'm having a little difficulty taking my eyes off him as well." She stated playfully. "He looks good in his shorts and I can tell his stomach is ripped through his tight shirt."
"I noticed that you noticed."
I led her to the helicopter and made the introductions. Her skirt blew over her waist and she couldn't hold it down. Mickey had her climb in and explained how she needed to position her legs so he could control the craft. She swallowed heavily, smiled and started crawling in. There wasn't a lady-like way to climb in, so everything displayed. Mickey looked her straight in the eyes and smiled.
Lori sat with one leg on each side of the controls about a foot apart and her skirt about four inches away from showing everything as she tried to hold it in pace. It was a great view for Mickey and me.
When he began to take off she let go of her skirt and grabbed the oh shit handles behind her head. Her skirt flew above her waist. She tried once to hold it down and then gave up. After all, it was much more important to hold on. She closed her eyes. Mickey looked at me and gave me the thumbs up.
We flew around for twenty or so minutes. A couple of times Lori reached for her skirt. I finally whispered in her ear, "He's already seen everything. Let it go and let's just have fun."
Still nervous, she forced a smile.
In a few more minutes her nerves settled and she left her skirt alone. Most of the time it sat at her waist. Mickey couldn't keep his eyes off her.
Mickey told us he was going to land at his other station for a few minutes and grab us something non-alcoholic to drink. He landed on a spot about the size of a blanket overlooking the cliff. Lori wasn't sure about the spot. I told her I was having a great time and so was Mickey and that I hoped she was as well.
She smiled and said, "I'm having a great time!"
"While we're here, I think I'll go pee. That is if you're not too nervous sitting in this thing by yourself."
"I'm great."
While out, I told Mickey that when he got back in to try to rub the inside of her thigh just to see how she reacted.
He patted the inside of her thigh and asked her how she was doing.
She told him she was having a great time.
When I looked at her seat I noticed her skirt was pulled up in the back and she sat bare assed on the leather seat.
Mickey looked at Lori, "Let me fix that skirt so you won't need to fight with it anymore."
Without waiting for a response, he grabbed the loose material closest to him, bunched it up and tucked it under her bare ass. She smiled and never said a word. There she was sitting her bare ass on the leather with the skirt pulled all the way up completely showing her bare pussy. Her knees were still unmoved and a foot apart. Before he took off, he did something else Lori and I didn't expect. He placed his hand high up on her thigh with his wrist wresting against her pussy. She smiled at him nervously. I suppose that little smile gave him the courage and consent to put a little pressure on the inside of her thigh to move her legs apart. She complied. Now, before we took off, she sat with her bare ass on the leather, the skirt above her waist and her left knee bent toward him which opened her up completely. Now her thighs were a foot apart and she had turned to where she was almost facing Mickey. Mickey and I couldn't have been happier.
We flew with Lori in that position for several more minutes and then she bent her leg even more and turned a little more toward him completely on her own. I noticed her staring at Mickey's crotch and it didn't take long to see what had her attention. He had an erection and appeared to be hung like a porn star. Unlike her casual glances to see if she has a guy's attention while flashing, she was obvious about it. Mickey noticed her eyes fixed on his dick and simply smiled. I reached over and dropped the little spaghetti strap on her top closest to me. It didn't fully expose her tit, the material simply hung there on her protruding nipple. Lori continued staring at Mickey's crotch. When Mickey saw what I had done, he reached across his body with his left hand and slid the other strap down, this time dropping her blouse to her waist. She smiled at him and then at me. The next few minutes were exciting to say the least. I'm sure Mickey wished he could let go of the controls.
It was beginning to get dark when we landed at our original place and Mickey said, "If you guys don't have any great plans for the evening my hanger is only ten minutes from here. I have a patio bar and plenty of free drinks and music. I can drive you back anytime you want."
"Sounds good," I responded almost a little too quickly.
Before we took off again and while Mickey's hands were free, he reached over to feel Lori's tit and tweak her nipple between his thumb and forefinger. Lori simply watched his hand fondle her tit. So much for the 'no touching' rule.
We took off again and landed near his hanger ten minutes later. Mickey said, "Usually a few of my friends meet me for a drink after I fly on Saturdays. They're all good people, I think you'll like them." The entire flight to his hanger, Lori never pulled her top back up. She rode with her top at her waist and her skirt above her waist.
When we landed, he shut the engine off, held Lori's hand and helped her out of his side of the helicopter. A visible wet spot about two inches long and an inch and a half wide was on the leather where she sat. They both noticed at the same time. Mickey said, "That's no problem, it will clean right up. I'm glad the flight excited you."
Lori turned a visible shade of red and buried her face in his chest.
The hanger sat on about forty acres of land and had a nice sized deck lit only by tiki torches. The view overlooking the mountains was great and it was a secluded.
Two men and a woman about his age sat at a table drinking beer and wine. At the table next to them sat two twenty something guys with a beautiful young woman dressed in a short top and the shortest shorts I'd seen in a while. One of the young guys was Mickey's nephew Chris and I can't remember the young man's name. The two other guys were retired marines and life-long friends of Mickey's. One by the name of Jeff was as ripped as Mickey and the other one sitting with his wife had a little bit of a pot belly.
Lori had a glass of wine and the rest of us drank a few beers for the next several minutes. Chris' friend and girlfriend got up to dance and Chris came over to ask Lori to dance. She loves to dance and accepted immediately. The view on the dance floor proved exceptional. Every move showed Lori's ass cheeks and Heather, the young lady, made a few seriously erotic moves while dancing. Everyone, except the guy's wife enjoyed the show. Within about fifteen minutes she and her husband left.
"Did we offend her?" I asked Mickey
Jeff and Mickey both laughed. Mickey said, "She doesn't like her husband looking at other women. This isn't the first time. Don't worry about it."
Lori danced with Jeff and then with Mickey. Both dances were tame considering the hormones raging on the deck. I figured it was because of Chris. As it turned out, it was due to Mickey's nephew.
We'd moved two tables together and sat for a few minutes drinking with Chris, Heather and Heather's boyfriend. Heather stood and asked Lori to dance. Together they rocked the dance floor. A slow song came on and Lori started to walk back to the table, but Heather pulled her back for the dance. It proved erotic to the five guys sitting at the table with their eyes glued to the two young women.
"Another fantasy?" asked Jeff.
"Oh hell yea." I responded. "But it's not one that will ever come about. Lori isn't into girls."
Mickey laughed. "Don't be too sure. Heather can be very convincing sometimes."
"Yes, but over the years more than one woman has come on to Lori and received flat rejections. It will always be an unfulfilled fantasy."
"Maybe," Mickey said laughingly.
Heather made some seriously erotic moves on Lori and to my surprise, Lori didn't push her away. As they danced slowly Heather nuzzled Lori's neck and then while holding Lori's hand, brushed the back of her hand against Lori's nipple. Still Lori didn't put a stop to it. My mind began to reel. Before the song ended Heather had her hand under Lori's skirt in the back playing with her tight little ass.
Chris, Heather and her boyfriend soon left for another party with people a little closer to their ages. It was then that our little party began to really heat up.
Jeff and I watched as Micky and Lori danced, if that's what you can call it. Less than a minute into the song, Mickey dropped the spaghetti straps on Lori's top, dropping the top to her waist. She just moved in a little closer. Thirty seconds later, Mickey pulled his shirt off, threw it in our direction at the table, and they dance skin to skin. Mickey leaned down and took a nipple into his mouth and Lori's head fell back. In a few seconds Jeff and I saw her reaching for Mikey's dick as she stroked him through his pants.
When the song ended, Lori began to pull her top back up and three of us about the same time said, "no, throw it on the table." She did. Mickey excused himself for a minute and Jeff asked her to dance. Before getting to the dance floor, he took his shirt off and threw it on the table, stating, "fair is fair."
Personally, I couldn't believe both guys in their mid forties had six pack abs.
As they danced, Jeff repeated exactly what Mickey had been doing and Lori rubbed his dick through his pants. When that song ended they came back to the table and Lori excused herself for a bathroom break.
Sitting there with the two guys they asked me if I was ok with everything. I told them "whatever she wants is fine by me. We've never done this before, but I'm enjoying it and I know she is. However, I don't know how far she's willing to go with this, but I'm willing to find out. When she returns, I'll dance with her and find out how she's handling this new adventure."
Lori and I danced and I asked her if she was ok. She said, "I've never seen so many hard dicks in one place at one time and I'm causing all of them. I'm also soaking wet, but I have been for hours. This is too exciting. Are you okay with everything?
"Absolutely."
"Mickey has the biggest dick I've ever seen, even in the movies. I don't think my hand will wrap around it." She stated with no reservations.
"Next time you two dance, find out," I said as the song ended.
Her smile was all the consent we needed.
Lori finished her glass of wine and headed to the dance floor with Mickey, wearing only her skirt. Five feet in front of Jeff and me, Mickey took her nipple into his mouth and she slipped her hand down the front of Mickey's pants. She turned to me and Jeff and mouthed "wow." Mickey danced her to within two feet of the table, raised her skirt in the front, holding it between his thumb and forefinger and began fingering her on the dance floor. Lori's knees looked like they would buckle.
Almost before that song ended, Jeff was standing up waiting his turn. Lori needed a break and another glass of wine first. In a couple of minutes Jeff and Lori repeated everything she and Mickey had done. They started another song together. Thirty seconds into that song with Jeff still fingering her and sucking her nipples while she played with his dick, Mickey got up and started 'dancing' with her from behind. Mickey released his monster cock from his pants and raised Lori's skirt above her waist so he could rub his bare dick on her ass. They weren't making any dance moves, just standing there groping each other.
When that song ended Mickey turned Lori to him, unbuttoned her skirt, let it fall to the deck, picked her up and carried her over to the table where I sat. He sat her on the edge of the table, laid her down, brought her feet to the edge of the table and opened her legs wide. Her muscular, tanned legs, flat stomach and erect nipples looked fantastic. Lori looked at me with a little bit of a concerned look, but I just smiled letting her know we were okay.
I stood at the end of the table next to Mickey to get the same view he had. Lori's pussy was opened like a pink rose petal and as slick as I've ever seen it. Mickey leaned forward licking her from bottom to top and she almost bucked off the table. I motioned to Jeff, who was already playing with her nipples to pull out his dick. He dropped his pants in a heartbeat and put his dick near Lori's face. She immediately grabbed it and took him all the way down her throat. That's something she excels at, but it definitely wasn't going to happen with Mickey. Not a minute into getting her pussy licked, she pulled Jeff from her mouth, bucked about a foot off the table and had the first of what would be many climaxes that night. Mickey wouldn't stop licking her, so she had to move his head back with her hands because she was too sensitive. She lay in that position with her legs wide open for Mickey while she finished giving Jeff a blowjob. Jeff came about a minute later. When he did, Lori did what she always does to me. She opened her mouth wide so he could watch himself cum into her mouth. I'm still not sure if she did that for his benefit or mine since she knows I love that. Jeff squirted a little on her upper lip and he simply cleaned it up with his dick and put his dick back into her mouth where she finished cleaning him up.
Mickey, ready for his release and something he'd been looking forward to all day, began rubbing his huge cock up and down Lori's slit. His huge cockhead opened her up wide. I wasn't sure she could take him comfortably because he was much larger than her largest dildo that we played with. He took it easy and I watched as he entered three or four inches into her very slowly. She gasped, but wasn't about to stop him. It took several strokes and a couple of minutes to work his entire dick into her. When he got all the way in he began pulling almost all the way out and then back in. In less than five minutes she climaxed again, but she wasn't going to stop him this time. He pumped her in that position for several minutes. When he finally did cum, she did too for the third time that evening.
When he pulled out, cum ran down her and it looked like an amount equal to a horse. I watched as it dripped out of her and down her ass. Mickey stepped around to her head and she began licking him from head to balls while holding him with both hands. Even semi-hard she could only take about three inches of him in her mouth and throat. I'd had enough as an observer and slid right in to her cum soaked pussy. It's the first time I'd fucked a pussy with another man's cum in it, but it felt great. And yes, she was loose.
Mine had been building up all day as well and I didn't last long. When I looked back into her face she had Jeff's dick back in her mouth and he was almost ready again. Mickey threw a few chair cushions onto the deck and Jeff moved her to the deck onto her hands and knees. I knew what he had in mind, but Lori isn't much of a back-door girl. We've done it a few times like that, but not often. Jeff began fingering her soaking pussy and rubbing the cum onto her ass. She looked back at him and said, "Not there."
"I'm just playing around a little," he responded.
She turned back around and began blowing Mickey again.
Jeff worked his finger in her ass and began stoking it in and out. In a couple of minutes, she was moving with his rhythm. He then started slowly fucking her pussy and replaced his finger in her ass with his thumb. She jumped, but soon got back into rhythm. With his dick soaked with two men's cum, he pulled it out and placed it at the entrance to her ass. She stopped moving, but didn't turn around or tell him not to. He slid the head in and stopped, allowing her time to adjust to the size. In a few seconds, she began to rock back on his dick so he let her go at her pace. Within two minutes he was all the way in her ass and she was doing most of the moving. Jeff reached below them and began playing with her clit and her pace doubled taking his dick all the way to the balls. She climaxed for the fourth time. Without leaving her ass, Jeff laid her flat on her stomach and stayed inside her for several minutes. I watched her clench her ass and relax it several times while he was still in her. Eventually, nature took its course and he fell out.
We all took a break and had a few drinks. None of us got dressed. When I asked Lori if she was ready to go she said, "No, I can do this again if you guys can."
Everything was repeated several times over until about 1:00. I managed to fuck her little ass with about the same results as Jeff. Although he tried, Lori could not possibly take Mickey there.
After we all took a short break and had a little more to drink, we started again. It was something I didn't think possible for me much less two guys in their mid-forties. Mickey lay Lori back on the table, feet on the edge and spread as far as possible. He began rubbing his huge dick up and down her slit as Jeff and I watched. When he slid back in I went to her head for a little blowjob and Jeff sat drinking a beer while he played with her nipple.
Headlights appeared in his parking lot and I went from hero to zero, but neither Jeff nor Mickey even changed their pace although Lori quit moving.
"That's Heather's jeep," Mickey stated.
"Shouldn't we quit?" Lori asked.
"No." Mickey replied. "Heather sometimes comes by this late and wakes me up."
Lori grabbed my dick and went back to sucking just like nothing was going on. A little nervous about the company, I stood at half-staff.
When Heather entered the deck, we were in the same position as before we saw the headlights. Heather stepped up to the table, peeled off her top, walked up to Lori and stated, "It looks as if you could use a little help."
Lori said, "You think?"
Not the response I expected.
Heather moved in behind me rubbing her perky tits on my back, reached around held my dick in her hand and fed it to Lori. Lori smiled up at Heather. Heather reached for my hand, pulled it to her pussy and slid it up and down. This girl was already soaking wet and I slipped two fingers into her easily. Then Heather moved her face closer to Lori's, pulled my dick from Lori's mouth and gave her a little peck on the lips. She then gave my dick a short suck and put it back in Lori's mouth. She rotated back and forth for a few minutes and when they both put their mouth on me at the same time my cum spurted out, mostly on Lori's face, but a little on both. Heather licked cum from Lori's face and then began kissing her, tongue and all. Expecting Lori to back away, she surprised me when she placed her hand on the back of Heather's neck and caressed it.
Heather moved to Mickey while he pumped in and out of Lori and began playing with his balls and ass with one hand and played with Lori's clit with the other. Heather pulled Mickey from Lori before he could cum, held Lori's legs in their position and began licking her. Heather completely buried her face and I knew her tongue was buried all the way in Lori. Lori held the back of Heather's held and attempted to pull her even closer. Damn sure not what I expected to happen. While in that position, Mickey easily entered Heather from behind. After a couple of minutes Mickey picked Heather up and put her on the cushions on the deck face down and raised her to her knees. Jeff picked up Lori and lay her on the cushions so Heather could finish what she started.
Mickey pulled out, lubed up Heather's ass and aimed his monster cock at her tiny ass. In my mind, there wasn't any way that would work, but it did. Apparently, this wasn't their first time in this position. Lori pulled away and positioned herself under Heather and Mickey into a 69 position. Jeff and I sat behind them and watched as Lori licked Heather's pussy like a pro while Mickey pumped in and out of Heather all the way. Heather climaxed like none other I'd ever seen. I'd never been with a screamer before. When Mickey came in her ass he pulled out exhausted, but Lori and Heather didn't even slow down. Jeff, Mickey and I watched as his cum dripped down into Heather's pussy and Lori's face and still Lori didn't slow down.
Mickey's apartment was above his hanger and he, Lori, Heather and I all went upstairs to crash in his king-sized bed. Lori and Heather decided to shower together first. Mickey and I stood at the doorway and watched the girls through the clear shower door. Lori eased her way down between Heather's legs and began licking her again.
Mickey looked at me and said, "I told you Heather was very persuasive."
"No shit."
We were all spent, except for Heather. Since the only thing still working on me was my tongue, I pulled Heather up until she straddled my face. She soon climaxed and we fell asleep. Mickey and Lori were already asleep.
I awoke sometime early in the morning with Lori playing with my dick. Her body was being moved from behind by Mickey. He'd managed to slip in from that direction and they were going at it again. Heather came back into the room with a coffee pot and four cups. She sat it on the night stand and began giving me a blowjob while Lori held my dick. It took a while, but when I did cum Heather moved to position her pussy at Lori's lips and I watched again as Lori licked her and buried her tongue into her.
It proved to be a day, night and morning of firsts. The most erotic thing Lori and I had ever done and we knew it probably could never be repeated. It isn't that we wouldn't try to repeat it later, it's just that like one of the heroin addicts I counselled told me, "Once you've tried it and reached the ultimate high, everything else you try is simply chasing to receive the original high and it can never be achieved."