I'm Anne a 40-year-old housewife, married for 18 years. Just after we married we lived in a quiet suburban area near York. This story is about what happened just after I married my husband James. I was only 23 and at the time I shoulder-length blonde hair, a good figure with 34DD boobs which looked even bigger because of my slim waist.
After six months of marriage, I lost my job and James suggested I take a break from working and stay home for a while before looking for another job, which I agreed sounded like a great idea. But after a month or so of being at home alone, I tended to get quite bored. One of the things I looked forward to each week was seeing the gardeners, two elderly men, Billy and Albert who were both in their early 60s. Billy was quite tall, probably just under 6ft; he had a friendly but weathered face with grey hair and longish grey beard. Albert was a little shorter than Billy, and he also had a friendly face but was clean-shaven, wore glasses and was bald on top. They had both taken early retirement and did gardening to boost their pensions and keep themselves busy.
When they came round I'd make them a cup of tea or coffee and we'd have a lovely chat. If it was nice out we'd have our little coffee morning in the garden, but if the weather was lousy, as it often was, I'd let them sit in the kitchen for their drinks. They seemed like two nice old gentlemen and I enjoyed the company. That was until one afternoon my opinion of them change.
It was around 4 p.m., Billy and Albert were packing up for the day. As they were leaving one of them dropped something. I went out of the house but was to late, they had already driven off. I picked it up and was shocked when I realised it was an erotic magazine. I took it into the house, sat at the kitchen table and flicked through the pages.
I had never seen anything like it before, it mainly featured women being spanked or whipped. I was amazed, I had never thought of spanking as a sexual pleasure before, and I was a little shocked to find these elderly gentlemen were reading such things. One picture showed a blonde woman bent over a man's knee with her skirt pulled up and her knickers down being smacked on the bottom with his hand. Her bum cheeks were bright red and looked sore.
On the next page was a series of pictures that started with a woman in a room with three men. As the pictures progressed she was first groped, then they bent her over a chair and pulled her knickers down, then they took turns to spank her. But the pictures that turned me on the most were towards the back of the magazine. They showed men with their dicks out, masturbating while women were being spanked. A few photos showed the woman sucking the men's cocks while being spanked. It made me so turned on that I took the mag into the living room and settle down to have a proper good read. It made me feel very excited and it fascinated me how these women let themselves be treated like that. I could feel my pussy becoming wet. Something about the whole idea of being spanked intrigued me, it was very kinky and unusual.
The following week when the gardeners were here, I made them a brew and we chatted, but I didn't say anything about the dropped magazine. When the men had finished for the day, Billy knocked on the door for payment. I invited him into the kitchen and gathering up the courage and handed him the magazine saying, "You dropped this last week."
He looked shocked and spent the next couple of minutes apologising to me. He seemed more embarrassed than I was.
I told him, "It's okay, I must admit I had sneaky peek and found it, hmm, intriguing."
"It's just for a bit of excitement that's all. You won't tell my wife will you?" He asked looking half embarrassed and half worried.
I knew his wife from my previous job. It's how I found Billy and Albert to do our garden.
I assured him I wouldn't, somehow this secret between us made me feel very naughty. Before he left he told me he was glad I wasn't angry with him, and as soon as he was out of the door I dashed went upstairs to the bedroom, unbuttoned my jeans, lay down on the bed and shoved my hand inside my knickers. It didn't take long to make myself cum.
Over the next few days, I kept thinking about the erotic magazine and the secret me and Billy had. I had never really looked at porn before, but this magazine had a strange effect on me. It excited me, more than just pictures of nudes and sex would have done.
The next time the gardeners came, I found I was rather excited. I wondered if Billy had told Albert, that I knew their kinky little secret. Then I heard a knock at the door, it was the Billy. We stood in the kitchen and he apologised yet again and said that he hoped I wasn't too disgusted at what I had seen. I reassured him that I wasn't and it was quite alright and that I had found it quite interesting.
"Did you look through all the magazine?" he asked.
"Yes", I replied, which seemed to get his attention.
"What did you like the most about it?"
Now it was my turn to be embarrassed, I told him "I hadn't thought of spanking as being a sexual pleasure before, let alone knew they were specialist magazines on it. I'm surprised that these women like being spanked so much. But my favourite part was, probably, the reader's letters section, I found them, interesting and sexy."
Billy told me that lots of people indulged in spanking and without thinking I blurted out, "Have you ever done it? Spanked someone I mean?" It was only a thought and I knew I shouldn't have asked but my excitement had overcome me.
"Yes," he answered calmly, "Many times when I was a young man, not so much nowadays though. I don't get so many chances. Would you like to borrow another magazine to look at whilst we do your garden?"
His answer made me blush, my face felt hot, and without speaking I nodded. He pulled a magazine from his inside jacket pocket and put it down on the table. I unfolded it to reveal the front cover, it showed a brunette lady being smacked on her bare bottom with a riding crop, while a man stood in front of her with his very large hard penis hovering in front of her face. I went fiery red with embarrassment and gasped. Billy smiled and laughed softly and said, "This one's a bit stronger than the other one. If you want to have a read I'll get it back when we finish this afternoon." Then he went back to the garden leaving me stood there stunned.
My mind was racing? This nice old gentleman that did our garden was turned on at the punishment of women by spanking and whipping them. He'd even actually done it. So, I wondered, did he prefer sparking or whipping? I imagined it was him in the pictures, naked, or with his cock in his hand. I wondered how big his dick was and did he like women to suck him or did he like to fuck them from behind? Did he know women that liked having group spanking and sex sessions? With men using the woman and making her do dirty things? I was becoming aroused thinking about it. Especially the biggest question of all. Did he want to spank me?
The magazine was a lot stronger. One of the pictures showed a blonde lady on top of a guy, his dick up her anus while being whipped across her breasts by a second guy, while she sucked on a third guys cock. The cane they were using on her were leaving red line across her boobs that look painfully, and I had never seen cocks so big! Another picture showed the same woman knelt on all fours with sperm from three men running down her face.
And this old man who did our garden had given me this to look at! I was shocked and stunned and totally amazed.
Over the next couple of weeks, Billy lent me similar magazines and I fantasised a great deal.
It brought out my exhibitionist side. I began to dress sexier wearing short skirts and bending over sticking my bum out in public, allowing strangers to have a good look at my arse, and I'd imagine them spanking me.
The magazines were having a strange effect on me, I thought of men spanking me all the time. It didn't matter if it was my husband or random strangers I walked past on the street. Whenever I was in a man's presence, whether it be my husband, a friend, or a stranger, I found it arousing to bend over while in their presence, and imagine they were about to spank me!
One day I called the gardeners in from the garden for a cup of coffee. But only Billy came.
"Where's you're friend today?" I asked.
"He has an appointment so I'm on my own."
I didn't know if Albert knew about Billy lending me the magazine whilst they worked. Billy would normally pop it into me on arrived and I'd give it back as they left. But this time he handed it to me and pulled up a chair to sit next to me. I was a little surprised but said nothing.
He said, "I've not seen this one yet. We. can take a look together if you like?"
I was a little taken aback but said, "Yes... we can do."
It felt very strange looking at a porn mag with someone else, let alone an old man. It was one of the stronger ones and featured more than spanking. It had lots of anal sex and cum shots, as well as ropes and whips.
Billy smiled at my embarrassment and he asked, "Have you ever wondered what it would feel like to try some of the things you've seen and read about in the mags?"
Reluctantly I told him, "Some of them get me thinking what it might be like."
"Wouldn't you like to try it? See what it feels like to be spanked?"
Without thinking I replied, "Yes!" thinking he meant to try it with my husband. Then I realised he meant to do it for real, here, now, with him, let him spank me!
"Stand up," he said quietly but firmly.
"No, I misunderstood, I didn't know what you meant!" I told him but found myself obeying.
"It's okay. No one will know, just try it to see if you like it. Lots of housewives do."
I stood in front of him, my body was trembling. The old man moved behind me and putting his arm around my waist he gently started to rub my breasts through my shirt.
"Good god, your boobs are huge! What size are they?"
I should have stopped him but my mind wasn't functioning properly. He seemed to have me under some kind of spell and I had to tell him the truth, "Double Ds"
"They are wonderful. Tell me, did you like looking at the pictures of men having their cocks sucked?"
I didn't know what to say. He asked me again a little firmer and squeezed my breasts harder making me gasp a little, "Yes." I answered.
"Do you like sucking cock?"
"I do."
"You're a naughty girl. Now come on, bend over the table and let me give you a little spanking."
I half-heartedly protested and tried to free myself from his grip but quickly gave in and let him push me over the table, standing behind me he tried to lift my skirt.
"No!" I shouted, "Do it through my clothes."
He stopped lifting my skirt letting it fall back down. His squeezed my buttocks a little then I felt a slap. It was followed by another, and another, each harder than the last.
He kept telling me, "You're a naughty girl! What would your husband say? Repeat after me, 'I'm a naughty girl!'"
Feeling silly I refused and was about to tell him to stop when he wrenched my skirt up revealing my pink cotton knickers. I shouted "No!" and then I felt a hard slap across my rump which now had a lot less protection, the sound seemed to echo around the kitchen. He held me down and delivered more smacks, first on one cheek then the other. My bottom began to throb and burn as each stinging blow found its mark. I cried out but my pleading was ignored.
"Tell me you're a naughty girl!"
I finally gave in and cried out, " I'M A NAUGHTY GIRL!"
"Good, but you should give replies straight away." Then he delivered more hard smacks across my scantily clad bottom as punishment.
After another dozen or so spanks, with me squirming and crying for him to let me go, the pain started to be replaced by a warm glow as though my bum was in front of a fire. The slaps came regularly and stung then the burn would follow. I found my yelling had turned into a moan and realised I was becoming quite aroused.
I was startled when I heard Billy say, "I think you're ready for my belt now."
The tone of his voice was quite threatening and I listened to him in buckle his belt. I didn't move, I stayed bend over with my red arse cheeks on display. I found myself wondering if his cock was hard? Did he want to fuck me? I felt myself starting to get damp between my legs at the thought of this old man fucking me. I mean I hardly knew him and I was bent over my kitchen table with my skirt pulled up letting him spank me!
There was a slight pause, my body began to shake as I braced myself. Why? I asked myself, did I not stop him? The first blow was straight across both buttocks and made me cry out in pain and my buttocks tense. The second came harder and was followed by others, alternating each cheek. Between blows, my arse muscles tensed then relaxed causing my knickers to ride up my bum crack. I thought to myself if it was James spanking me, I'd want him to fuck me now. The blows were still caused stinging pain, but overriding that was a hot glow that seemed to induce sexual arousal. It grew in intensity and I wanted him to touch me! Anywhere would have done, stroke my arse or grope my tits. If he'd tried to finger me, I would have let him. I found that the noises coming from me were now sighs and moans of someone sexually aroused. It didn't bother me that Billy knew I was aroused, wanted him to know!
It came to an end when he pulled me up and said, "That's enough for the first time."
He smiled and kissed me on the cheek making me blush.
I made an effort to resume normality and when Billy prepared to leave I found myself saying, "Thank you".
The old man smiled and said with a glint in his eye, "Anytime".
I had to wait a few days for the redness of my arse cheeks to go down, but when it did sex with my husband was great. James wondered why? What had changed? I just told him I thought we should be a little more adventurous in our sex lives, as some of our friend's relationships had gone stale.
I thought about my little secret a lot and looked forward to the next time Billy was due to visit. I knew it was wrong but I was fascinated at how the pain had turned to pleasure and was beginning to understand what motivated the people in the magazines. Maybe I'll just indulge once more!