Chapter 4 -- 6051 words
I don't know how I got myself into this situation. To recap: my best friend has decided she might be an exhibitionist. I've seen her freely naked at least half a dozen times of times in the last couple weeks. And she wants my help to start living out her exhibitionist fantasies. What kind of dream situation have I stumbled into?
These were my thoughts while I was laying in bed the next morning after my late-night meeting with Emily. It was basically all I could think about during my classes that day too. I saw her a couple times and we both acted casual, but I just pictured her standing there in class as naked as I know she wanted to be. I knew that I wanted to keep the discussion about this going, to make sure she didn't change her mind. So during the last class of the day, I was going to send her a text about meeting up to talk again.
But she beat me to it. "Can you come over tonight to talk more. Does 8 work?" she texted.
Of course I could.
I sent her a text when I got to the front door, but strangely it was Zoe who soon arrived to let me in. She told me that Emily was in the shower and asked her to meet me at 8. Zoe let me into their dorm room, but then she had to run to study at the library, leaving me alone to wait. But not for long, as I then got another text from Emily.
"Come into my room."
Hmm. I opened the door, expecting her to be there in her room but instead heard her call out "Hey Ben, I'm in the bathroom, come in here." No shower sounds to be heard.
I slowly pushed open the cracked door to see Emily. In the tub. Taking a bath.
"Hey come in Ben, sorry I just came back from the gym and wanted to relax, but also wanted to talk more. You can sit up on the counter if you want."
She was sitting up in the tub, boobs out of the water, but as the water was clear, I could see everything below as well. I'll admit she did look pretty comfortable and relaxed. The nakedness shouldn't have been unusual at this point, but as I continue to see her in new situations, it continued to be a thrill for me.
"Oh I can wait if you want to finish up," I offered, expecting the answer that then came.
"No I'm fine, lets talk here. Not like you haven't seen this before," she laughed, making her little tits bounce just a bit.
"So," she continued, "have you changed your mind about what we talked about last night?"
"Of course not," I replied. "I'm completely willing to help in any way you need me! Your going to have a real struggle changing my mind at this point." As I said that, I scanned down her body and back up. What a sight.
"Excellent. Well then, I've been thinking more all day about what exactly I want out of your help. I know that you offered your help with the idea of actually helping me go streaking and stuff like that, but after that stunt with our class, I realized that I need more from you," she told me.
She continued, "I guess I didn't tell you the complete truth that day we talked. After I got caught streaking, I really did scare myself off of doing anything else like that. But I didn't mention that I actually did try again, a couple times actually. I wanted to do it again so bad, and in a really weird way, I wanted to get caught again somehow. But I just couldn't force myself to do it. I would go walk at night with the intention to try it again, but I would chicken out and give up. That happened a couple times over the next year. Each time I talked myself up but it didn't happen."
"Well that makes sense," I said. "You had a pretty intense experience, it'd be hard for anyone to push themselves into that again."
"Right. So I eventually decided I just couldn't do it, and put it in the back of my mind. Until it came back with the figure modeling stuff. That was enough of a struggle to push myself to do, but it happened and I was happy with where it was. To be fully honest with you, I really like being naked in front of you. I like how you look at me. It was enough for me."
I blushed and looked away at first before remembering that she wanted the stares. So I looked back. "Oh really?" I joked. "You don't just normally take baths in front of your friends?" Now she blushed.
"I'd have been happy just being nude around here all the time," she continued. "I've gotten really comfortable around you and Zoe and Laura. As you can tell. But then you changed it all when you volunteered me for that class. I... was terrified and embarrassed and overwhelmed and I loved it all so much. It was the exhibitionist high I've been looking for. And it was something I'd never allow myself to do, but because you volunteered me, I didn't have the choice to back out. I had to push through the fear. And that is what I need from you. I need you to help me do the things that I'm too scared to do. Does that make any sense?"
It made complete sense, and confirmed my suspicions from that day where I was able to tell her what to do. She wants me to make her be an exhibitionist. But I wanted her to tell me exactly that.
"So Emily, are you asking me to basically force you into doing crazy exhibitionist things that you're too scared to do?"
She looked back at me and after a moment said, "Yes that's basically it. I know that's a lot to ask of you, and I know this is super strange, but I think you're the best person to do it. I mean, you're really the only person who can do it since you know so much. So do you think you can do it?"
This was a no brainer. Emily was about to hand over her exhibitionism to me, and I was going to take advantage. "Like I said before, of course! You're stuck with me now," I told her. "But. I think if we are going to do this, we need to talk about how this will work. If I understand you correctly, what you really want is to not have a choice about what you do, am I right?"
"Well yeah basically, if it is something you think I want to do. If I have a choice, I'll never do it. At least right now, maybe once I get more confident with this, it'll change," she replied. She seemed pretty confident while sitting naked in the tub, but I got the point.
"So then we need to set up the most important rule right now. If I tell you to do something, you have to do it. If you think you can back out, it'll never work. I'm only going to tell you to do things that I know you really want. Sounds good with you?" I said.
"Um well when you say it like that, you make me nervous. But yes, I think that is what I want. But I mean, there are definitely some things that I definitely can't do, no matter what you say."
"Right, so that leads to the first question. Now is the time to set up your exceptions. Tell me now what is off limits, and I promise that I'll never make you do it. But anything else is fair game," I told her. I was very interested what she would include.
"Oh wow. Good that you bring that up, but now I've got this pressure to not miss anything. Ok, um, well speaking generally, #1 is that you absolutely positively cannot get me arrested. Ok? Um also nothing that will permanently damage my school reputation or career prospects. I can't let this mess up my future. So no being naked in class either, ok. Also, you can't make me be naked in front of family, that would be far too hard to explain. Maybe same thing for close friends that don't know about this. Oh and of course nothing that would put me in danger. Um I feel like there should be more on this list, but I think that is all I can think of for now. Can I add more later?"
"Depends what you want to add. But maybe. Ok well I promise to avoid all of those. Ok so the other thing I need to know is what you do want to do. If you want me to push you, I've got to know what you want to try. You did mention some fantasies at one point," I said, trailing off and hoping for more specifics.
"Oh right. Good point. Hey let's pause and move to my room, I've been in the tub too long," she said as she stood up out of the water. Naked, she reached for a towel and started to dry off in front of me, and then led me back into her room with the towel wrapped up in her hair. Otherwise, she continued her nudity, and sat up on the bed. I sat in her desk chair. She sat crossed legged, flashing herself to me like she always does.
"Ok, back to the rules," she said. "Yes I have some fantasies, but not many that don't contradict what I just told you. That's the problem. The super crazy ones would definitely ruin my future or get me arrested, so those are out. The general scenario for most of the ones that are left are being naked in front of as many strangers as possible without getting in trouble, if that is even possible. Streaking, being a model in front of even more people, going to a nude beach, stuff like that. I just want to be naked in front of other people and have them look at me and not have to deal with any consequences of it. Does that make sense? I know that's difficult. I'm not sure that I want to get too specific with you past that, I kind of want to be surprised. I trust you to do what you think I'd want. As long as you don't break the rules, I think I'll be ok with it."
"Ok, so you want surprises. And you want people. And no consequences. I can do that," I said. "If you have more ideas, let me know. And if there is something that you want to do but you don't need my help to do, obviously feel free to go for it yourself. I can still help if you need it. Next question, how often do you want to do this and how much notice do you want? Do you prefer true surprises?"
She replied, "Uh well if you give me too much time, I'll over think it, so maybe a little notice but not too much notice. And I'll be naked whenever you want, as long as it doesn't get in the way of classes and homework. I mean, it can't take over my life, so be reasonable, but if I want to do it, I will."
"That makes sense," I replied. "Ok one more thing. I don't think you're going to like this one, but this is officially your first order so you have to do it. I want you to tell someone else about all this. I think that having more people in the know will make this easier. So tell either Zoe or Laura about the exhibitionism and about what we are doing. Your choice."
She looked back surprised, clearly not expecting that. "I don't know if I can do that. It was enough of a challenge to tell all this to you."
"Yes I know, but I want you to and I think you want to also. I mean both of these girls have seen you naked quite a few times, it's not going to be that shocking," I said.
"Um good point. Ok well let me think about that. I'll do it in the next couple days, ok?" she replied.
"Sure. Well, I think that covers everything I think we should talk about for now," I said. "And I need to get some work done tonight, so I should head out."
"Ok sounds great. Thank you Ben, really. I think this will be exactly what I want. And I hope you get some enjoyment out of it too," she said while smiling.
"Yes I think I will," I said, smiling back. "I'll start coming up with some ideas and let you know what kind of adventures you're going to get into soon!"
She walked me to the door, where I told her "You know, you should just walk me to the door like this. I'm sure no one would mind that much." I was very curious what she would say, since that was definitely something I wanted her to do eventually.
She looked at me with the fearful realization that she just agreed to give me the power to make her do exactly that. But all she said was "Not today. Start me off slow, ok?" She gave me a big, long, naked hug. And I left, mind racing with ideas.
Later that night, after getting some homework done, I texted her again with another order.
"One more order for tonight Emily. Send me a picture of yourself. Full body, frontal shot, face visible. Obviously, naked. No need to worry about me doing something with it that you wouldn't approve of."
It only took her 2 minutes to respond with a picture exactly like I asked for.
"That was fast" I texted back.
"It's an easy picture to take when I'm already undressed," she sent back. Then she followed that up with "I've never sent a naked face pic before. But I trust you."
Fantastic. It was a great picture. Smiling face, looking right in the camera, everything visible.
"I'm glad you trust me," I texted back. "I'm going to push you but you can always trust me."
We didn't talk much the next day or two, at least not about our deal. Friday morning though, Emily texted me to ask if I wanted to have dinner with her and Zoe that night. So I assume this means that the secret had been shared.
I met Emily at the student center, unfortunately clothed, for us to grab some dinner and go back to her dorm to eat. I asked her if she had done it yet on the walk back.
"Um, no I haven't actually. But that's why you're here. I'm doing it tonight, and I wanted you to be there. You're kind of an important part of this now," she told me.
Interesting. I wondered how this would go.
We sat and ate and talked normally for a while. It was good to socialize, especially with Zoe, who I didn't know that well outside of our sketching situations. Soon though, it appeared to be time for the talk. While still sitting around the table, Emily found a break in the conversation and said "Hey Zoe, I need to tell you about something, something about what Ben and I have been doing."
Zoe immediately said "Oh, I already know you two are fucking if that's what you wanted to say."
"What!" exclaimed Emily immediately.
"Yeah it's not that hard to tell. I mean, why wouldn't you. You two have all kinds of sexual tension, plus with the being naked in front of each other. Good for you guys. I'd be fucking Ben too if I was in the same situation."
"Wait, stop Zoe. That's not it. Were definitely not doing that!" said Emily quickly. She was definitely blushing.
A lot of feelings happening right now. Sure, I'd be lying to say I hadn't thought about Emily and I having sex, even before the nudity began. The urge has only gotten stronger recently. And did I just hear that Zoe wants to have sex with me too? And Emily is blushing at the idea of it too, what does that mean? Seriously, what kind of insane situation have I gotten myself into.
"I promise that's not what I wanted to tell you," continued Emily.
"Well I'm honestly surprised to hear that," said Zoe. "You two have been together a ton recently, and here alone a lot. Seemed obvious."
"Uh well the thing I need to tell you does involve Ben, and explains all that," Emily said cautiously. "So it's all hard to explain, so I'm just going to say it. You know how I'm pretty comfortable being naked? Yeah well I've recently realized that I'm not just comfortable with it, I like it. Like really like being naked. Around people specifically. And well. Ok. Basically, I've realized, with the help of Ben, that I'm an exhibitionist."
Before Zoe could say anything, Emily stood up and pulled her dress over her head. Naked of course. She sat and waited for a response. This was a planned move.
"Well well well. Not actually that surprised to be honest," said Zoe, seemingly completely ok with what just happened. "You get naked way too often for you to not like it that way. I mean you really are naked a lot Emily. This makes a ton of sense now. Plus, you have definitely told me before when you get super drunk, I just wasn't sure it was the truth."
Emily laughed but was also shocked. "Wait what? I've told you before?"
"Well a couple times when you've been at your drunkest, you've talked about hating that you have the wear clothes, so I assumed there was something going on with that," Zoe replied with a laugh.
"Oh wow, wish I knew that," Emily said as she trailed off in thought. But she continued, "I'm telling you all this because of what happened on Monday, with the posing for class. So I didn't tell you the truth about that. Ben had figured out my secret and decided that he needed to push me into doing something crazy. So he volunteered me for that without me knowing. I only had a couple hours notice, and I really wasn't sure if I would end up liking it, but I really did. And maybe this sounds super stupid, but it kind of made me want to keep on doing crazy exhibitionist things. I just like being naked in front of people, it's the best feeling in the world to me. So I enlisted Ben to help me keep on doing scary things. And we decided that you should know also. Ok so that's it. You are caught up. Don't hate me please," she said with some embarrassment and nervousness.
"Ha wow Emily. Like I said, can't say I'm completely surprised with how you've been acting, I mean I think I've seen you naked more than my last few boyfriends combined. But I guess good for you for doing what makes you happy, even if it is a little unusual. No kink shaming here. Well feel free to be naked around here all you want," she said.
"I'm glad your so ok with this," Emily responded.
"Zoe, actually part of the reason that we wanted to tell you was because we might need your help with some of this too," I said. "Emily asked me to help push her into situations that she'd be too scared to actually do, like what I did with the posing. I've been starting to have some ideas but decided I might could use some assistance."
Zoe looked confused.
"Actually, could we talk in private for a second, I need to ask you something?" I told her. I needed to get specific with her.
"I'll just go in my room, knock when you're done," Emily said as she jumped up. I guess she could figure out why I needed to talk privately.
When alone, I told Zoe a little more about my talks with Emily, how Emily needed me to push her, and what I had started to plan for her first adventure. I had been working on this plan all week, and it definitely needed a second person to work. Luckily, once fully explained, Zoe seemed more willing to help as needed. I had to fill her in about just how much Emily wanted this, but it eventually made sense to her.
I knocked, Emily returned, and the conversation continued. No more specifics were discussed though, I decided that Emily should have no hint about what she would be doing soon. The conversation mostly ended up being Emily retelling some of her past exhibitionist stories. I was glad it included the streaking story, because that would be the inspiration for what would come next.
After a night of talking and dinner, I decided it was time to leave. As before, naked Emily walked me to the door. Before she could hug, I opened the door wide and took step out. I then told her "Step out here for a goodbye hug. That's as far as I'll make you go tonight."
She stayed standing back from the doorway, watching me and the hallway and thinking. She listened for a moment and I told her that the hallway was clear. Then she took the step and grabbed me and I grabbed back. I pulled her out to make sure she was fully in the middle of the public space. I whispered "Anyone could walk out of their door right now and see you."
She whispered back, "I know."
After a moment I let go and she returned back into the doorway. I told her to consider that a warmup and I left. It was time to finalize the plan for Emily's second streak.
Wednesday morning. It was time to start putting the plan into action. I had asked Emily over the weekend what nights she was free during the week, playing it off as if we could just hang out. She probably was able to assume why I was asking, but unfortunately, I needed to know, so she got just a bit of warning. And that was all the warning she was going to get until just an hour or two before her adventure that night.
I had been planning with Zoe after our talk Friday, and I think we put together a pretty solid plan for Emily's first big exhibitionist breakout. It was absolutely going to terrify her once she found out what she'd be doing, but I knew it would be one she would look back on as a good memory. It also was no where near as far as I wanted her to go. Honestly, it was a little basic, but it would do.
For Emily, the night began a little after 6pm, when I sent her a text and an email with instructions.
"Emily. Time to have a little fun tonight. Check your email for some important info."
The email first contained a link. I wish I had been able to see her reaction when she opened it and found her naked picture on reddit gonewild. The day before I had created an account for her and posted the photo she sent, with her head cropped out of course, protecting her identity. The title "I'm a new [f20] exhibitionist. Should I go streaking through my college campus tonight?". The post had 56 comments when I sent it to her and nearly a thousand views. The comments obviously were positive and encouraged her to go for it.
The rest of the email was my instructions.
"From the post above, I assume you can figure out what you'll be doing tonight. I'm going to tell you as little as possible about this, but I promise you will enjoy it. I'll be by to pick you up from your building at 8:30. Zoe will tell you what to wear and what to bring."
She never actually responded, but I knew from texting Zoe that Emily saw it all and reacted well, though very nervous about the unknown of what she was doing. Zoe was to instruct her to wear a pair of shorts, a dark t-shirt, tennis shoes, and nothing else. She also was to hand her a drawstring bag with some stuff in it she would need.
I parked near her building early. I had spent a couple days on the plan, and actually had walked it the night before at the same time to see how it would go. When I walked up to the building right at 8:30, she was already waiting, obviously a little fidgety with nerves and excitement. She hugged me and I led her back to the car, not really saying much at all to her about the plan. I decided to hold the secrets until as late as possible, telling her when she asked that she would find out soon.
We drove over to the engineering side of campus and pulled into a service parking lot behind one of the older buildings. This was near the area of her first streak, but a couple buildings away. Very few cars, but one of them was Zoe's. She was standing to the side and waved when we pulled up.
When we were parked and got out of the car, I finally began to tell Emily what was happening.
"So I guess you know what you're going to be doing soon," I started. "For your first big challenge of our new arrangement, I want you to finish the streak that you started, and do it right this time. That's why I'm here and why Zoe is here. The plan is to have one car at the start of the route, and the other car at the end ready to drive you away. No need to worry about someone getting in the way of you getting back to your clothes this time."
She looked a little relieved at that comment, but the nerves were there.
"You and I are going to walk the route right now while Zoe drives to the other end," I said. "Then, we will walk back and it'll be your turn to do it all again, undressed."
"You want to be an exhibitionist, well we're going to give it to you," added Zoe with a smirk.
"It's 8:50 right now," I said, looking at my phone. "In about half an hour, you are going to be locking your clothes in my car and making a run to the other end. Ready to walk?"
"Wait, I have questions," interjected Emily before we could get going. "I would start by saying I don't think I can do this, but I know I don't have a choice. So aside from that, isn't it a little early to be doing this? There are still going to be people out?"
"Isn't that the point?" I replied. "You're only an exhibitionist if you get seen. A classroom of people saw you last week, and a thousand saw that picture today. You can do this."
"Ok," she said softly. "But do I get my mask back then? You said I was completing that streak."
"Nope, no mask. An exhibitionist doesn't need a mask," I replied.
"No way! Someone will recognize me!" she said, slightly frustrated with the unexpected twist.
"No they won't, not if you keep running and don't look back at anyone. I promise the naked girl part will be infinitely more attention grabbing than your face. But I will give you something to help, ok? Open the bag you brought."
She opened the drawstrings, and pulled out a baseball cap and a pair of sunglasses.
"That's what you get for tonight," I told her. "That will be good enough for what you want. No other option. So lets get going, I want to stay on schedule."
"Wait, how am I supposed to wear sunglasses and see where I am going at night?" Emily asked.
"You have a point," I responded. "Well I'll let you decide if you'd rather wear them for the cover and not be able to see, or go without them. Let's go."
I started walking away, forcing her to follow. Zoe drove off to meet back us at the end of the route. The planned path was about 2.5 times longer than the one she originally planned to run, and it crossed the same courtyard that she originally had trouble in. If she ran the whole way, it'd take about 3-4 minutes. I felt like that was a sufficient challenge, but not too far too soon.
I led her on the route, slowly and casually. Very little talking, because I could tell she wanted to pay attention to her surroundings. We left the parking lot, walked up one main pedestrian path, crossed between two buildings, and then hit the courtyard. This was halfway. As we crossed it, she grabbed my arm and said "Ben I don't think I can run through here. I can't do this here again. Can't I do this somewhere else?"
I reminded her that the deal didn't have any way to back out. This was what she was going to do tonight. I had my reasons to make sure she stuck with it.
We continued between the buildings on the opposite side of the courtyard, past where she started her first streak, then walked down another pedestrian path, and then finally entered another parking lot. Specifically, the parking lot with the bush she hid in. Zoe was parked right in the middle of the lot. There were a few more cars here too, but not many for it being around 9pm, maybe just a dozen in a large lot.
"So how'd the walk go?" Zoe asked when we walked up.
"Well we passed about a dozen people. So I'm pretty terrified. But I want to do it," Emily replied.
"Well that's good to hear, since it is just about time to start. So Zoe is going to be right here waiting for you. Let's head back. Zoe, Emily will be back in about 10-15 minutes," I said before we started walking.
Just a couple minutes later, we were back at my car. It was 9:20. Right on schedule.
"Emily, are you ready?"
She nodded.
"Ok. You are going to wait here for 5 minutes while I go take my place to watch. I want to see you on the way. When you're ready to start, you are to remove your clothes, put on your hat, and stuff the clothes through the cracked window of my car. Once they're in, your only option is to get to Zoe's car. Take the route we just walked. Understand?"
She nodded again. She had the same focused and emotionless expression on as when she was about to pose last week.
"Ok. Good luck. I'll be watching on the way. See you soon," I said as I walked away. I walked directly to the buildings by the courtyard area, where I knew the best experience would be. That was because there was a surprise for Emily on the way. I felt just a little bad about not giving her any kind of warning, but I knew it would make it so much sweeter for her. The surprise was that I found out that there was an engineering study group in one of those buildings that ended at 9:15 each night. If it was like last night, there would be people wandering out of the building and hanging around the courtyard at that time. She'd be running right through it.
I sat on a bench where I could see her approach to the courtyard and waited. There were about 7 people hanging around. It had been a little more than 5 minutes and started to worry that she'd been too scared to start. But then I saw her coming through the darkness of the path between buildings. That area still covered her well, so only I could see as she made her way with a solid jog. The hat was on and nothing else. The hat did help, with her hair pulled up and face in shadow, it would be hard to identify her. With her run, her little tits kept up a solid bounce, which was entrancing.
From where she was, she couldn't see the courtyard occupants either, which was great. She stopped at the edge of the light between the buildings and I could see her taking a deep breath. She couldn't see the group ahead. Then she started running. I stood up so I could follow at a distance and see her reaction once the people were revealed.
Just as soon as she cleared the building corner and ran into the main area, the people were directly in her view. And some of them saw her too, slowly. I think she physically jumped at first, but didn't really break stride and kept going. Good girl. She put her head down and pointed it away from the group of people that she started to run by. They absolutely noticed now, creating likely the same situation as her first streak. I hear a couple yells, a whistle, saw someone scrambling to get out their phone. There was laughter once she was past, but no followers.
But she continued on and so did I, rushing to keep up with her without full on running. I could see her keeping a good pace as she passed between the buildings, nearly running into a couple that just walked out of the door. They definitely got the best look at her yet.
On the final main pathway, she passed by 2 or 3 more people, one of which I don't think even noticed her rush by. She made the final turn into the parking lot, which marked the end but also probably the most revealing part of the run, because it was the most open and the most well lit. She had to run about 30 yards to get to Zoe's car and she was incredibly visible. I'm sure for her it seemed like the longest stretch, but she quickly made it to the car and yanked open the passenger door and dived in. She made it. It had been just about 3 minutes and she was seen by just about a dozen people. Good start.
The car quickly drove off, headed to the meeting place we decided on. I can only imagine how she was acting in the car. I'd see soon. I walked back to my car and headed to the meeting place too.
It was an isolated parking lot on the other side of the campus, chosen just in case there was a follower on foot when she got in the car. But Zoe's car was alone when I arrived. As soon as my car was off, Emily popped out of the car, still naked. I expected her back in clothes to be honest. She skipped over and gave me a big hug, saying "I can't believe what happened back there Ben, it was so great! I streaked past like 20 people!"
"I'm glad you enjoyed that, since that's just the start for what I want you to do soon. That was nothing," I told her, hoping to elicit a positive response.
"How are you going to top that Ben?" asked Zoe innocently, no idea how far I wanted to take this.
"Oh don't worry, I have ideas. No hints. Emily is always going to be surprised," I replied.
"That's great with me," said Emily with excitement. "If it's as great as tonight was, I'll do anything you tell me to do!"
Emily seemed like she was on an exhibitionist high, with no fear or need to cover up, even though we were still out in public. At that moment, Zoe handed Emily a dress that was brought for her, telling her it was probably time to cover up and go back to the dorm.
She resisted at first, but agreed. She got dressed and said goodbye before getting back in the car and heading back. I went back to my dorm as well, but got a text from Emily almost before even getting back from my room.
It appeared urgent.
"Holy shit Ben, something crazy just happened. Call me."
Um ok what could this be. She was very positive about the night just 20 minutes ago. So I called.
"Hey Emily, what's up, what happened?"
"Ben! This is crazy and I can't believe this just happened. But we got back to our room and had a note from our RA on our door to come see her. So we did first thing. And we walked into her room and she just looked at me for a second, and then she said 'So Emily, why exactly did you go streaking tonight?"
Oh shit. We got caught.