--I'd just turned 18 and I was in the perfect relationship. Cassie, my girlfriend, was also 18 and had the most perfect petite body with red hair. 5'1" and 105 pounds, with perky little B cups and a tight firm ass. We had a lot of fun together, not to mention the sex was great for me. --
It was December of our senior year when I decided to spice things up a bit. I let Cassie know I'd made reservations for a couples massage at a resort/spa about an hour away from where we lived. What I conveniently forgot to tell her was the massage was nude, and it was at a co-ed resort. Oh well, minor details aren't important.
We arrived at the resort on a Saturday and checked in. At the front desk was a cute blonde girl, probably about 25. She gave me a flirty smile and handed me two towels.
"You can go get undressed and ready in the locker room to the left, down the hall a little."
We walked a little bit and Cassie grabbed my arm, "Did she say undressed?" she said with a little bit of shock on her face.
"Well yeah, I'm sure there will be a towel over the parts you don't want them to see. Besides I am sure you'll have a female masseur and I'll have a male."
She gave me an uneasy look and turned to keep walking, "Alright we will see how this goes."
I reached forward and gave her ass a little smack. "Trust me this will be nice for both of us."
We entered the locker room and to me and Cassie's surprise we found both men and women in various states of undress. She turned to me with her eyes wide. "You didn't tell me this was a nude resort!"
"I didn't know! It said clothing optional, but I just figured maybe they meant just the sauna."
"I can't get naked in front of all of these people!" she said.
"Don't worry baby we will still have a good time. We can just wear our towels around."
Cassie looked at me with a slight hint of anger for a few seconds, then finally she gave me a half-smile. "Alright if you say so" she said to me.
We went further into the locker room and found they had private changing stalls. After stripping our clothes off I turned to get a look at Cassie's nude perfect body. I noticed her nipples were hard, so I reached up and twisted her left nipple. This made her bite her lip and her knees buckled slightly. She just gave me a wink and a smile. "Come on get covered up, we don't want to be late!"
We left through the other side of the locker room, me with my towel around my waist and Cassie with hers wrapped around her chest ending around her mid thigh.
As I spotted our assigned room, we went in. Inside a male and female masseur were waiting. They both look around 30 years old. The women was brunette with tits about the size of Cassie's but she was a little curvier, in a good way. Todd had short brown hair and was very fit and muscular. Both of them had on thin white clothes and I could see the outline of her tits through it.
'Hello, welcome to the Happy Couples Massage. Before we start I want to introduce ourselves. I am Brandy and this is Todd. We are both trained masseurs so there is nothing to worry about. Now lets begin." She said, while leading Cassie over to one of the tables. Todd pointed mine out too me.
"Okay we are going to leave for a second. I want you both to take your towels off and use it to cover your rear end while laying on the table." Todd explained to us and they left through another door.
Cassie and I removed our towels and I gave her a quick kiss. We laid down on our stomachs and both of us covered our asses up.
There was a knock and the door opened. The two returned and set their things next to the tables. There were holes in the table to lie with our faces through them, we couldn't see each other just the floor.
I felt oil get poured onto my back and two hands began to rub it in. It felt amazing and I was very relaxed. Suddenly I realized the hands were a little too small to be a man's. Lifting my head, I opened my eyes to see Brandy was the one beside me rubbing my back. I looked the other way and saw Todd rubbing oil into Cassie's back.
I was feeling a little worried seeing another man rub all over my girlfriend's naked body. Cassie seemed to be enjoying her massage and I didn't want to ruin it. So finally I laid my head back down and relaxed again.
Slowly Brandy moved down to my calves and began to work up my legs. It felt amazing. I decided to see how Cassie was doing. Todd was also working on her thighs. I watched as he started from above the knee and rubbed all the way up to about 2 inches below her pussy. "Good, keeping his hands where they belong." I thought.
From my side of the room I could hear Cassie letting out faint deep moans. "He must really be working her legs" I concluded in my head.
Brandy rubbed my legs for another minute or so before she leaned down very close to my ear and whispered "Care if I move this bad boy to do the rest of your back side?", while tapping the towel covering my ass. I didn't see any harm so I nodded back.
She took the towel off and I felt oil pour onto both of my cheeks. Rubbing oil in she massaged my glutes deeply. By this point I was so relaxed I could have fallen asleep, until i felt more oil, this time between my cheeks. She continued to rub my ass, occasionally letting a finger run through my crack on accident. (Or so I thought)
I looked over again to see how Cassie was doing to find she didn't have a towel on her ass anymore either. There she was naked laying on her stomach while Todd was now putting the oil on her ass. Cassie didn't seem to be disliking it, and besides I had taken mine off its only fair.
I could see her bikini line on her ass from where I was. No doubt Todd had the better view though. She looked so sexy laying there naked on the table all covered in oil.
While I was admiring her I felt one of Brandy's fingers wander again, this time brushing over my asshole. This shocked me and my body jolted a little. Brandy leaned down again and whispered into my ear, "Don't worry sweetie, it's all a part of the massage." I wasn't really sure what that meant, but I laid my head back down and relaxed.
She kept massaging, with her wandering fingers coming more and more. At first I wasn't sure what I thought, but the more she did it, the better it started to feel.
Suddenly one of her slippery, oily fingers pressed into my hole and I felt it slip in. My body was instantly washed over with pleasure. Brandy went in and out with her finger, loosening my hole. Brandy eventually slipped a second finger in and I was in heaven. Then she went a little deeper and hit my prostate, which sent a chill through my whole body.
While my asshole was getting a massage, I looked over and saw Cassie was on her back now with a towel over her pussy and tits. Todd placed a small towel over her eyes and began the massage at her calves on this side. I was afraid she had seen me when she turned over, but I think Todd put the towel over her eyes for a reason.
Back on my side Brandy was still working my hole to great effect. She brought her thumb down and started to massage my balls with it and I knew I wouldn't last much longer. Brandy must have felt this and pulled her fingers out. "Time for the other side sweetie." She told me.
I rolled over so see Cassie's eyes still covered, but the towel from her chest was gone. Her little pink nipples were rock hard. Todd was working over her upper body with oil. Starting just above her waist he worked up until her was cupping her perky tits. After he let go every time he gave her nipples a light pinch. Every time he did this she let out a moan of pleasure. Cassie was loving this stranger rubbing her naked tits.
Brandy oiled the front of my body and rubbed it in. She worked from the chest down to my legs. She avoided my cock, which honestly surprised me. As she worked back up my legs she spread them a bit. She bent my knees so my feet were flat on the table and my legs were spread open.
I was in bliss once again, as she slipped a finger into my ass again sending pleasure through my body. After a couple seconds the second one went in and she was back to working my hole. As she stimulated my prostate I could feel myself getting close to cumming once again. This time she didn't stop. By now my 5 inch cock was sticking straight in the air. It began to twitch while Brandy kept plunging her fingers into my ass.
Right as I am about to blow my load, Brandy leans over. In one motion she grabs my cock and deepthroats it all the way to my balls. Overcome with pleasure, I drain my load into the back of Brandy's throat. My orgasm seems to last forever and Brandy is swallowing all the cum I can give her. Finally she swallows it all and cleans off my cock.
After I recover she runs her hands down my chest and tells me to look over. At the other table Cassie now has no remaining towels and she's completely naked. Todd has his arm around her back while the other is on her pussy. Cassie is squeezing his muscular upper arm while he has two fingers inside of her and his thumb rubbing her clit. I can see her eyes rolled back while she lets out moans of pleasure. Brandy says to me "I thought you might want to see this." with a smile. Todd brings her to a powerful climax and she begins to squirt! Covering Todds hand and part of the sheet on the table, her body begins to quiver.
Todd lays her down and she stays there for a minute, tired from the overwhelming orgasm. Wrapping my towel at my waist I walk over and grab her hand. "Lets go take a shower babe." I say to her helping her up off the table. Slowly she gets up finding her towel.
"You two come back soon! You were a lot of fun." She says with a wink as they both leave.
Cassie has her towel around her waist as she turns to me. "I think I'm going to just wear it like this if that's okay with you?" She says sheepishly.
"Umm.. yeah if that's what you want babe." I mutter.
We leave the room and walk down the hallway to find the steam showers. On the way we pass several people. Mostly older men, but we encountered a few couples. The last person we saw in the hall was a completely nude blonde girl. As we get closer I recognize her as the girl from the front desk. With nothing but the towel in her hand, I get a clear look at her perfect C cup tits and her flat, fit stomach. Her pussy is completely smooth and she has a nice even tan.
"Hey! Hope you guys enjoyed the Happy Couples Massages!" She exclaims as she recognizes us.
Cassie quickly spits out, "Oh we absolutely loved it!"
"It was pretty good." I say to her.
She reaches out to shake both of our hands. "Well I'm Daniella. You will see plenty of me if you come back." She says and walks away with a strut. Daniella had the type of ass where me and my girlfriend stood and watched her slowly walk away, with a slight jiggle in every step.
We turn and enter the steam shower room to find it empty. Hanging our towels on the hooks outside to get in. The shower is one big stall with about 8 different spots. Standing next to each other we enjoy the hot steam. Cassie turns to me and reaches down to my 5 inch cock. Watching her shower had made me horny, and she noticed.
She strokes my cock and brings herself in so her perky tits are rubbing against my chest. "That was amazing babe. I have never cum so hard, I mean he made me squirt and I've never done that! You haven't ever made me cum that hard before! I didn't even know I could have such a strong orgasm!" Cassie is now rubbing her pussy with one hand and stroking me with the other. Both of us are getting close. "I.. just cant stop... thinking about it.." Her body starts to quiver as she has another orgasm. Seeing her like that pushes me over the edge and I blow another load of hot cum. We stayed in the shower a few more minutes, then dried off.
Both of us walked back, with our towels at our waist, to the locker room. Inside we got back to our locker. On the other side of the room I see a fit, muscular guy with a towel on his waist. Cassie sees him too and waves over to him. He waves back, clearly checking out her bare tits. She turns back around to the locker smiling, but I just brush it off.
"Do you think we should just change out here?" Cassie says to me.
"Uh sure, I guess." I respond.
Cassie rips the towel off her waist, leaving her completely naked. "Oh darn I forgot to get my clothes out of my bag." she says, bending over to open her bag. She takes her sweet time fumbling through her bag. First pulling out her panties, then her shorts, and finally her shirt.
Behind her on the other side, I see the man she waived at enjoying the view. With her bent over, he has a clear view of her bare ass and I'm sure her shaved pussy. Finally she puts on her thong and then her shorts. Still without a shirt she stands up turns her back to me, and slowly puts her shirt on. The man has a smile on his face from the sight.
Finally we get all of our stuff and walk out the front. "What was that about?" I ask her.
"What do you mean? What was what about?" She says looking confused.
"Nothing, nevermind its no big deal." I respond.
"Okay babe. We should come back soon. That was a lot of fun!" She says.
To be continued...