**This is a revised version of this chapter with a great deal of changes, particularly in the latter half. I received a lot of feedback about how I should have continued the story with Jacob, and after some thought, I have to agree. My original plan was to have Anna involved in various different hotwife scenarios, but I now realise there's still a lot to explore in her relationship with Jacob. My plan from now on is to maintain this series alongside shorter, unrelated one-offs that explore more of the topics featured in the original version of this chapter, for those who enjoyed it. Thanks for reading, hope you enjoy!**
It was almost 7AM by the time Jacob deposited his last load in the pussy of his friend's mother, Anna. He could confidently declare the previous 24 hours the best of his life. Not only had he fucked his long-term crush in near enough every position he had ever fantasised about, he had done much of it without even wearing a condom.
Their activities more than made up for the fact that neither of them had slept a wink, though both had to admit they were beginning to feel the effects of the previous night and day's exertions.
That was particularly true of Anna, who, at 38 years of age, needed her sleep far more than her 18 year old paramour. Still, she had no complaints about what had transpired. The sex had been all she had hoped it would be, and they'd done it enough times that she knew she would have no regrets about not seizing the opportunity (as she had after their first encounter).
And maybe it was the sleep deprivation talking, but at that moment she didn't feel any guilt about what she had done with Jacob. Her husband Simon had pretty much given her a blank slate, after all.
Thoughts of him reminded her that it wasn't long until the time her husband had said he would be back at the house. Looking round at their bedroom, it was obvious there wouldn't be enough time to tidy it up before her husband returned. But maybe that was a good thing. If her husband saw up close what her sleeping around on him actually looked like, maybe he'd change his mind--and they could go back to their life as it was.
She couldn't devote any more time to her thoughts, however. One thing she absolutely wanted to achieve before Simon got back was to get Jacob out of the house. She had forbidden any contact between the two of them as part of her ultimatum. And while she had backtracked on the first part of their deal (about revealing the details of her and Jacob's first encounter), she didn't intend to allow any communications between the two of them going forward--their duplicity had annoyed her too much for that.
So she chivvied Jacob along in much the same way she hurried up her teenage son in the morning, helping Jacob to collect his clothes before ushering him out of the house with a final, lingering kiss.
Once he was gone, she returned to the bedroom to await the reappearance of her husband. As soon as she was back in bed, however, sleep claimed her.
***
Simon had had another restless night at a hotel. This time, there was no question over whether his wife was having sex with Jacob. The only unknown was how much sex? He occupied himself with the thought of all the different positions his wife might be assuming with another man. Was she doing things she never did with himself? The thought of it turned him on more than he knew was possible.
He had to admit a part of him did feel nervous about the prospect of his wife realising the grass was greener on the other side. But he was simultaneously hoping that the experience would leave her wanting more. Now he had sampled his fantasy, he didn't want it to stop. In an ideal world, he imagined her as a full-blown hotwife, living out the experiences he so often read about in his dirty stories. The fact that that was even a possibility was mind-boggling, especially considering it was no time at all since he had assumed he would be hiding his fetish from his innocent wife for the rest of his days.
Despite the temptation, he had held off masturbating to the images in his head, preferring to wait for what he assumed would be some mind-blowing sex. He was relieved it was finally time to return. All his questions would soon be answered.
As he drew nearer to the house, he drove past Jacob walking in the opposite direction. There wasn't much he could surmise from his body language, other than that he seemed to be in a good mood. No points for guessing as to why.
Pulling into their driveway, the house seemed quiet and still. Even once he had entered the front door, there was no audible or visible sign of Anna. He couldn't help but notice, however, that the sofa was unusually messy. Had they fucked on it?
Having exhausted a quick search of the ground floor, he proceeded up the stairs. There was one place he was pretty sure she'd be. The bedroom.
Sure enough, as he gingerly swung open the bedroom door, there was his sleeping wife. Only, it was his wife as he had never seen her before. She looked sweaty and dishevelled, her hair a mess. She was sat up in bed with her breasts exposed. They were red, as though repeatedly groped. The room, meanwhile, stank of sex, and the bed covers seemed to have a fair few characteristic off-white stains on them. In short, she looked well fucked. And he had never thought she was more beautiful.
He drew closer to the sleeping vixen, dick straining against his trousers. Jacob had gotten his fill, alright, and clearly so had his wife. Little wonder she had fallen asleep again--it didn't seem as if the two of them had gotten much in the way of sleep during the night.
Slowly, so as not to wake her, he pulled down the duvet, exposing more of his wife's body. It was then that he got the biggest shock of all. As her pussy came into view, it was obvious that Jacob had cum on it. He was amazed that she had let him take such a risk. But then he realised that the cum was not just on her pussy. It was trickling out from the inside. Not only had Anna fucked their son's friend without protection, but she had let him cum inside.
As a man and a husband, he should have been outraged. And maybe a part of him was. But a bigger part was turned on. This was by far the most taboo thing his wife had done yet, and his dick was harder than at any point he could remember.
Entranced, he reached out his hand, as if touch would validate what his eyes could simply not believe was real. His fingers made contact with the gooey mess, before lazily tracing over his wife's tender pussy.
"Don't," a voice suddenly called out softly. "Sore." His wife was awake.
The two regarded each other for a moment, Anna doing so from behind sleepy eyes.
"Do you still love me?" she eventually asked, the earnest nature of her question obvious from her tone.
"More than ever," was his reply.
She looked at him suspiciously.
"Are you sure? Even seeming me like... like this?"
"Especially seeing you like this."
"You're crazy," she laughed, lobbing a spare pillow his way. Any tension that existed between the two of them had evaporated. "I thought for sure you'd regret it once you'd seen the aftermath. You're not even mad about..?" she trailed off, gesturing towards Jacob's load in her bare pussy.
"Well, I'd probably be more upset if you were still in your child-bearing days," he said cheekily.
She went to throw another pillow at him before realising she had exhausted her supply.
"Idiot," she laughed. "I'll have you know I'm still perfectly capable of getting pregnant, thank you very much. Luckily for you, I'm not in my fertile period. But we still need to make a trip to the pharmacy to make sure."
Simon concurred. He was quite certain that Jacob's sperm were currently doing their level best to fertilise his wife, and that if she did nothing, his sperm would win. Jacob was presumably at the peak of his fertility, after all, and Anna currently looked more fertile and breedable than she ever had. He wanted nothing more than to throw her on the bed and fuck her himself, using Jacob's cum as lube.
Apparently judging his intent from the way he was looking at her, Anna quickly headed him off.
"Nuh-uh. Like I said, I'm too sore for any of that kind of thing right now. Morning after pill. Now."
First, however, she had to make herself halfway presentable to the world. Fighting off more of her husband's advances, Anna quickly sequestered herself in the bathroom to wipe off the vestiges of Jacob's cum. She felt particularly groggy now, both from the lack of sleep and the intense exercise she had participated in in its place. All she could do was pull on some tracksuit bottoms and a loose-fitting top before trudging out to the car.
Of course her husband couldn't help but pepper her with questions as he drove her towards their nearest pharmacy. His opening gambit was to ask whose idea it was to fuck without protection.
"Well, it's not like we planned to," Anna replied honestly. "We just ran out of condoms."
"Ran out? Jesus, how many times did you do it?"
"It's not like the pack was particularly big... But I don't know, a lot..."
"Still, you could have gotten him to pull out before cumming, surely?"
"There wasn't much point. The first time we did it without a condom I kinda sorta maybe... lost control a little bit."
"Lost control?" Simon practically groaned at the thought of his wife so lost in lust she'd let a teenager cum inside her. "What does that mean?"
"I don't know. I was just... distracted enough that I didn't notice him warning me what was about to happen. And then before I knew it... Sploosh."
"Sploosh," Simon repeated. He couldn't believe what he was hearing. It was beyond hot to imagine his usually immaculately put-together wife losing control like that. Now here she was, unwashed and dressed like a chav, being ferried around for some emergency contraception. How the mighty had fallen.
He managed to ask a few more questions regarding the positions they did it in, learning that not only had she blown him, but that they had fucked outside. Eventually, they pulled into a parking space outside the pharmacy.
"We're here," he announced after Anna failed to immediately get out.
"Oh right, sorry. I zoned out for a second."
He watched as she unbuckled her seatbelt and stepped outside, wondering if her spaciness was purely down to the lack of sleep or if she was also still riding high from the sheer volume of sex she had just had. Just as she was about to close the door, however, he saw it. A wet splotch on the front of her trousers. Judging by the positioning, it could only be one thing. Cum.
"Err, babe," he said, gesturing towards the stain.
Anna looked down, eyes bulging once she realised what she was looking at.
"Oh shit, I guess there was more inside me. I must have dislodged it." She looked over her shoulder at the short walk to the pharmacy. "It's not too obvious, is it?"
"No," he lied, liking the thought of her standing in a queue for the morning after pill with her teenage lover's cum trickling out of her, like some common tart. "I think you'll get away with it."
She nodded and closed the door behind her. Of course, a true gentleman would have offered to go in on her behalf, but then Anna wasn't exactly presenting as some chaste damsel in distress right now. He couldn't help but smile to himself as she performed an awkward shuffling walk up to the door, apparently in some effort to keep the rest of Jacob's cum inside her.
It was mad to think that the cum currently trickling out of her didn't belong to him. He had come across stories of cuckold pregnancies, but had always skipped over them, thinking the scenario too extreme. But now, with another man's sperm currently trying to impregnate his wife, he had to admit he understood the appeal.
Something about the thought of his wife's body fulfilling its biological duty with another man's sperm was intoxicating. He idly imagined the consequences of his wife not taking the pill, of her body swelling with another man's child. She had looked amazing when she had been pregnant, after all. And he remembered her as being particularly horny during that time. But he didn't actually want that to happen, did he?
Eventually his wife reappeared, paper bag in tow, and waddled her way back towards the car. He could see the spot on the front of her tracksuit bottoms hadn't grown, meaning her technique must have been effective at keeping it in. Still, he couldn't help but giggle at her strange gait. This time she saw him doing so, and he got a middle finger and a scowl for his troubles.
Once Anna was back in the car, she held up her prize. Sufficiently emboldened by his fantasies of her being pregnant, however, he couldn't help but tease her about it.
"You're sure you don't want a baby?"
She looked at him with shock.
"Yes, I'm sure!"
"Why aren't you taking it, then?"
"Because I don't have anything to drink, smarty-pants. Take me back to the house."
"Sure thing, Miss Daisy. But are you sure you wouldn't prefer some fast food?"
Anna's eyes lit up. Something salty and savoury alongside a coffee was exactly what she needed to wake her up. She nodded and they were away.
***
They had parked up by the time either of them remembered that Anna was in no fit state to venture inside. Rather than going through the drive-through, however, Simon volunteered to head in and bring their order back out.
"No sauce?" Anna asked on his return, rifling through the bag. He knew he had forgotten something.
"Don't you think you've had enough sauce over the last 24 hours?"
She looked at him blankly for a while before understanding what he meant.
"Gross," she laughed. "Don't call it that!"
As they sat about tucking into the food, Simon couldn't resist asking a few more questions.
"So, when do you think you'll stop being sore?"
"I don't know," she shrugged. "Why?"
"So I can get my turn."
"Oh? I wasn't aware you had earned a turn. It won't be before Leo gets back from backpacking, anyway."
Simon frowned. Their son's imminent return meant his and Anna's bedroom activities would inevitably return to the state they were in before he had left and everything with Jacob had come about. Which meant he, Simon, would probably have to wait until Leo left for university before he got the reclamation sex he was gagging for. Such was the power of his cuckold urges, however, that instead of being upset, he instead couldn't help but be turned on by the fact his wife had been rendered inoperable by another man's cock.
"Disappointed?" Anna smirked. "Maybe you shouldn't be encouraging me to sleep with other men after all?"
"It's a sacrifice I'm willing to make."
She looked at him quizzically.
"But why?" Anna asked. "I get the sex, but what do you get out of it? I told Jacob I thought you just wanted an excuse to sleep with other women, but he disagreed..."
"That's crazy," Simon replied emphatically. "I'm not interested in anyone but you."
"So why do you want me to cheat on you?!"
"I don't know," he said sheepishly. "It's hard to explain. I suppose I just like you realising how sexy you actually are."
"Surely it would be easier to just compliment me yourself rather than recruiting somebody else to fuck me!"
"Yes, but you've never believed me when I tell you you're sexy. You just write it off as something a husband is duty-bound to say. But Jacob is an independent voice, you know?"
"I suppose that makes sense. Just about. You really don't want to sleep with anyone yourself?"
"No. You're more than enough woman for me. I mean what I said, you know, about loving you more than ever. You have no idea how good you looked in the bed, with his cum dripping out of you."
"It didn't make you jealous?"
"No. Well, yes, but in a good way. He might have fucked you, but I'm the only one with the pleasure of actually being married to you."
Anna found that kind of sweet, in a weird, fucked up way. She felt better having cleared the air with Simon. She believed him when he said he didn't want to sleep around himself, however much she still struggled to understand his motivation for sharing her.
She put another sauceless chip in her mouth.
"Urgh, so dry," she whined.
It took a moment for Simon to realise she had returned to the sauce discourse.
"If you're that desperate, guess you'll have to break into the supply you've been carrying around with you."
Anna knew he was teasing her, but she also suspected he'd enjoy seeing her eat Jacob's cum in front of him. She decided to indulge him, and with a mischievous glint in her eye, she shimmied out of her bottoms and brought a chip to her cum-stained pussy.
Simon couldn't quite believe what he was seeing as she brought it back up to her mouth and bit off the end that was now covered in a dollop of Jacob's cum.
"Mmm, delicious," she said gratuitously, showing off for Simon's sake. Judging by his slack-jawed appearance, he was enjoying her display. And she had to admit, she enjoyed teasing him too. She had always been a wind-up, after all. Adding sex stuff to the mix wasn't such a gigantic leap.
"Want some?" she laughed, surprised by the slight hesitation before her husband declined.
***
Anna finished her meal before Simon, and brought out her phone to amuse herself while he finished eating. Holding the phone in her hands brought back memories of the last time it had been used, by Jacob to record film her as she fucked him. Making sure the volume was turned down, she surreptitiously turned the screen away from Simon and hit play. Even in the cold light of day, she still had to admit she looked good bouncing up and down on Jacob's hard dick.
"What you watching?" asked Simon, craning his neck to get a view.
"Nothing," she said instinctively, bringing it into her chest so he couldn't see. If only he knew what she was watching, he'd probably lose his mind. Which gave her an idea. She had gold dust on her hands.
"Actually," she continued, "it's a video of me and Jacob having sex."
"Haha," said Simon sarcastically. "Good one."
"I'm serious!"
Simon's eyes went wide as he considered the possibility she was telling the truth.
"What are you willing to do," said Anna, "to get a glimpse?"
"I-I'll take the bins out for a month. No, a year."
Anna chuckled. She had him by the balls. The more she thought about it, the more she wondered if she couldn't get something more interesting out of the deal. In particular, she wondered about testing his commitment to this whole cuckold business. Would he, for instance, forgo the sex he claimed to want so badly with her--just so he could watch a short clip of another man fucking her?
"How about this," said Anna. "I'll send you the whole clip, so you can watch it as often as you want. But in return, you're not allowed to cum until your birthday. Not from sex, not from masturbation, nothing."
Jacob considered her offer for a moment.
"What do you get out of that?"
"Nothing, except a break from your pestering, I guess. I'm more interested in seeing the lengths you'll go to see it."
"Deal," Simon responded eventually. This would be a lot harder than taking the bins out. But it would only be for a little less than a month. Besides, Anna was nothing if not flaky. What was the betting that she'd crack and screw him beforehand anyway, as she had with her non-ultimatum?
"Pleasure doing business with you," Anna said facetiously, and sent the video across to him. She couldn't help but giggle as he began to watch, clearly amazed at what he saw. "This is from the time I mentioned," she offered in explanation. "The time I sorta... lost control."
"So this is the first time you did it raw?" Simon asked with a gulp. Anna nodded. "Whose idea was it to film?"
"His. He said he wanted me to see how good his view was."
"I'm not surprised. Anna... you look like a bona fide pornstar."
"Flatterer," she laughed. "Is that what you want me to be, huh? Your own personal pornstar, fucking men for your pleasure?"
Simon could only nod.
"Oh shit," said Anna suddenly. "I forgot about the pill!" Luckily, she still had some coffee dregs remaining. She brought the pill up to her mouth but didn't actually put it in. Simon was looking at her with a strange expression. "Don't tell me you don't want me to take this any more? You're way too horny for your own good right now..."
Luckily for Simon, Anna was still thinking clearly. Risking getting pregnant with Jacob's baby was a terrible idea. But maybe she could have some fun for Simon's benefit.
"Close your eyes," she told him. "I'm holding out my hands. In one of them is the pill, the other is empty. If you pick the hand with the pill, I'll swallow it. If you don't, I'll throw it out the window and we'll let mother nature decide if I get pregnant or not. Understood?"
"Your left," Simon said eventually after digesting the fact his wife was apparently willing to play games with her fertility.
"Open your eyes," said Anna, doing her best to sound worried.
Simon was fully expecting her to have rigged it so that the pill would appear in whatever hand he had chosen. He was shocked, then, to see the pill nestled in the palm of her right hand.
Anna took a deep breath, shrugged, and tossed the pill out of the window.
"Guess we're taking a risk, babe."
"I can't believe you did that," Simon muttered, words thick with lust. He had thought she was joking, but he had just watched her throw away her final line of defence against getting pregnant. However unlikely it might be, there was now at least a possibility of it happening.
"Me neither," Anna giggled. "It's going to be a long wait until my period..."
***
Once Simon had finished his food, he got out to take their waste to a bin. Upon returning to the car, he found his wife clutching her head.
"Headache," she offered by way of explanation. "I think there's still a loose paracetamol on the console, can you find it for me?"
Simon obliged, rooting around and then offering her the little white pill. She washed it down with the dregs of her coffee. As they drove off, Simon wasn't to know that what his wife had just swallowed was not in fact a painkiller, but the morning after pill--Anna having surreptitiously switched them while his eyes were closed.
***
The next week proved to be a hive of activity. Their son, Leo, returned to regale them with tales of his backpacking exploits. It sounded as if he'd had almost as good a time as the two of them, though of course they revealed nothing to him about what had transpired in his absence. Just as soon as he'd unpacked his backpacking gear, however, it was time to pack up his things for university.
The process was a whole-family affair, lasting right up to the day of departure. Who knew one boy could own so many supposedly essential things? That meant there was simply no time for Anna and Simon to further discuss their feelings about what had happened, though it didn't mean Anna couldn't amuse herself at the turmoil her husband appeared to be going through over the (unbeknownst to him impossible) possibility that she might be pregnant with Jacob's baby.
Packing finally completed, the three of them piled into their heavily laden car to make the long, cross-country journey to Leo's university of choice, and the halls of residence where he would be living.
As they drove, Anna couldn't help but think of Jacob making his own journey with his family. Like a lot of Leo's friendship group, he had chosen to go to the same place. She just hoped that they wouldn't run into any of them in the process of dropping Leo off. She had said all she wanted to say to him--She just hoped he had taken her words about moving on to heart.
Luckily for Anna, her fears proved unfounded, leaving her free to focus on the emotional task of bringing her son's belongings into his new room and bidding him farewell. Tears were shed by all (with Anna shedding the majority), and with that their parenting responsibilities were fulfilled.
***
They decided to grab a bite to eat before embarking on the long journey home, and duly found a relatively quiet restaurant within walking distance of the campus. Truly alone for the first time in a week, it was inevitable the conversation would eventually turn to the elephant in the room.
"So," said Simon, "once we're done here, are you coming back with me or am I leaving you in town?"
"And why exactly would I want to be left here?"
"Oh, I don't know, pretty woman like you left all alone in the big city... I'm sure you'd find ways of occupying yourself."
"Great idea..." she said sarcastically. "I'll remind you I'm currently in mum-mode. I'm barely even wearing any makeup!"
"That's all that's stopping you, huh? I'll go buy you some now if it leads to you warming some college boy's bed for the night..."
She rolled her eyes.
"You're desperate! Besides, whoever I ended up sleeping with would, Sod's law, probably turn out to be one of Leo's new friends. Having slept with one of them is bad enough, I don't intend to start making a habit of it."
"You don't fancy one last round with Jacob?"
She paused, screwing up her face. "Honestly? I do. Which is exactly why I can't. This always had to end somewhere."
"So you're stopping at one guy? Just like you 'stopped' after the first time with Jacob?"
She shot daggers at him. "What I'm saying is that maybe it's best not to try and bottle lightning twice. It could all go horribly wrong if I, you know, did it with someone else."
"But you'll never know that unless you try."
"Well whether I do or do not sleep with anyone else, it certainly isn't happening tonight," she said conclusively. "Like I said, mum-mode." A slightly awkward silence descended over the two of them. She sensed it was now her turn to tease him.
"You'll be pleased to hear my period's been and gone." With Leo around they hadn't had time to have sex so he hadn't found out organically. Still, she was surprised that he hadn't asked her about it, seeing as she had left him with the thought that Jacob might have impregnated her. "You are pleased to hear that, right?"
"Very," he assured her. It was the truth, though he did have to admit that part of him was upset that his taboo musings about whether she was pregnant had come to an end. It showed on his face, leaving Anna to wonder exactly how much he meant what he said. She couldn't resist prodding him further.
"You know, I wonder if I'll even bother getting my next lover to wear a condom, since you clearly love the thought of me going without so much..."
Simon almost choked on his food at the naughtiness of her words. Only minutes ago she'd been claiming she wouldn't be sleeping with anyone else. He knew she was only teasing him, but still...
"Am I really that transparent?" he eventually managed to ask.
"Well there's one way of knowing for sure," she said sultrily, kicking off her shoes underneath the table before raising her feet to his crotch. "Thought so," she smiled as her feet made contact with his hard dick underneath a few layers of fabric. She couldn't resist massaging it a bit.
He couldn't believe Anna was fondling his dick with her feet, in public no less. Surely this contravened the spirit of the deal he had made for the video (not that he was going to argue that point with her). This was exactly the kind of behaviour he'd hoped her hotwife activities would awaken in her, but for it to actually be happening... He decided it was time to lay all his cards on the table.
"Well, in the i-interest of transparency," he groaned, "you should know that you have my permission to fuck anyone, at any time, without even needing to tell me in advance. Just so long as I hear about it afterwards..."
Anna didn't quite know what to say to that. She had pretty much assumed that was the case, but to hear him spell it out in plain English was still kind of shocking. And, she had to admit, hot. She kept working her toes on his cock through the fabric of his trousers. She could tell he was close.
"I'll bear it in mind," she said, blowing him a kiss. "Just so long as you understand that you don't have my permission to fuck anyone. Including, if memory serves, me or my feet."
She withdrew her toes just as Simon's neglected dick was about to cross the threshold of orgasm. He practically whined in disappointment.
"Sorry," she laughed, putting her feet back into her shoes. "Rules are rules..."
***
Anna was distracted on the drive back home. She had been so adamant that putting Jacob behind her was the sensible thing to do. But the teasing in the restaurant had led her to reconsider her opinion.
Simon had said she could fuck any man, but did she want to? Maybe Jacob was one in a million. She trusted him to never reveal anything about what they did together. Besides, he had an amazing dick. He was a great fuck. And, she had to admit, the fact he was her son's friend added to the thrill.
A pit of regret was growing in her stomach. Had she ruined things by being so forceful about the need for him to move on? Now, driving home to the town where Jacob no longer lived, it almost felt like a breakup.
She sighed. She was being irrational. Even if she had wanted to continue the relationship, it just wouldn't be possible with him having gone to university. No, this was for the best.
Her thoughts turned to what Jacob must be up to now, the first night of his time in halls. No doubt he was getting to know his housemates, male and female. Maybe he'd be taking one of them to bed tonight and find out what it was like to have sex with someone of his own age. To her surprise, the dominant emotion that spurred in her was jealousy of the girl.
***
Jacob was nervous. More nervous than he'd been at any point in this process, including when he'd first brought up the idea to Simon. That was because now he had something to lose. He'd sampled Anna's forbidden fruit, and had decided he'd do anything to taste it again. Including taking a gap year.
His parents had accepted his request to stay home for another year before starting university, mainly because he could support himself on the earnings of his tech repair business. Not that he planned to spend much time working if everything went to plan.
But first he had to make sure everything went off without a hitch. Simon wasn't the problem here. Jacob knew the cuckold would do whatever he told him to, and enjoy it to boot. But Anna was more of a mystery. Getting her to go along with what he wanted was entirely dependent on just how serious she was about moving on. Jacob's bet was that she was more conflicted than she pretended. After all, surely she wouldn't have agreed to any of what they had done if she herself didn't enjoy the hotwife dynamic, even a little bit?
He looked at his watch. Surely it wouldn't be long until they were back now? Shortly after they'd left he'd let himself in with a spare key he'd been made privy to. Now he was sat in their living room, jogging his knee nervously. The key, he thought, was to be confident. More confident than he felt. Luckily, his time with Anna had banished any fears about his own inadequacy.
A scrape of tires on gravel. They were back. It was time to put his theories to the test.
***
Anna put the key into her front door while Jacob locked the car. Neither of them had any inkling that anything out of the ordinary was about to happen, which is why, when she entered her house to see Jacob, of all people, sitting on their sofa, Anna practically jumped out of her skin.
Just as she was about to say something, he cut her off. "I'm going to need to borrow your wife tonight," Jacob said directly to Simon. "You'll get her back in the morning."
Anna looked between Jacob and her husband as he formulated a response, rendered slack-jawed by her young lover's brazen display. When Simon's reply came, he didn't even look at her, addressing his response to the real power in the room.
"Can I watch?" Simon asked.
"I think that's up to your wife."
Finally, they were asking her opinion on the matter -- although the notion that Jacob was going to fuck her tonight was apparently not up for debate. She felt like a piece of meat. Part of her was annoyed. A bigger part of her was incredibly turned on.
Having walked into the house first, she stood halfway between the two men as they awaited her response. She just couldn't quite believe Jacob was here in their home after all the trouble she'd gone to telling him to move on. Was the fact he was here before her punishment or reward for the soul-searching she'd been doing this evening? She'd tried to put Jacob behind her, but from her discussions with her husband it seemed like neither of them truly wanted to get rid of him. It was time to decide what the future of their relationship would look like.
Her feet made the decision for her, taking her away from her husband and towards her young lover. A few paces later they were kissing hungrily, Jacob's hands mauling her arse and making it crystal clear which of the two men she currently belonged to.
She broke off the kiss and looked directly into Jacob's eyes. "Yes, he can watch," she said. "But he can't touch himself." She left out an explanation of why that would be but Jacob got the gist, his eyes flashing at the naughtiness of her words.
"You heard the lady."
Simon had never seen a more erotic sight than what was unfolding before him. He watched as his wife grabbed Jacob's hand and began leading him to the bedroom, their bedroom. The teenager pawed and groped Anna as they went, sending a white hot mix of jealousy, humiliation, envy, and lust to bubble up in Simon. He knew what he was about to see would stay with him forever.
Simon trailed behind them as they made their way to the bottom of the stairs. Jacob was continuing to paw and grope at her with no complaint, behaviour Simon knew she would never tolerate from him--knowledge which made the sight even hotter.
As Anna began to climb, Jacob lingered at the bottom. "Take your panties off," he told her. To Simon's surprise, that was exactly what Anna did, bending over seductively and wiggling her beige knickers down her hips before flicking them in Jacob's direction with her foot.
Simon was expecting Jacob to compliment the now unrestricted view of his wife's pussy.
"These are boring," Jacob said instead. "From now on, it's lingerie only. Or better yet, nothing at all."
Simon waited with bated breath for his wife's response. He didn't realise it was possible for him to be any harder than he was at that moment, but when the words "yes, sir," issued from his wife's lips, he near enough came in his pants. When he'd first accepted Jacob's offer to seduce his wife, this vision of Anna as another man's sexpot was just a pipedream. He had never really believed that it would become reality. Yet here she was, exceeding his wildest expectations of what a hotwife should be.
Simon was so overcome by the sight that when he snapped back to reality, he realised the two of them had left him behind. He scampered after his wife and her lover, and was about to follow them into the bedroom when he instead froze in the doorway of their room. At least it used to belong to the two of them. Presently, Anna was naked, engaged in a steamy kiss with the topless Jacob. Anna was fondling his bulge while he played with her pussy. Simon was so wrapped up in the sight that he practically jumped out of his skin when Jacob spoke to him.
"Anna was just telling me about the deal you made with her. Sucks to be you," he laughed. "If you'd have just waited a little longer, you could have seen the real thing for free."
It was true that it stung, slightly. But there was something perversely enjoyable for Simon about knowing he wouldn't be getting anything from Anna for the foreseeable future while Jacob was able to enjoy her body without restriction.
And speaking of perverse enjoyment, Jacob's newfound confidence was almost as much of a turn on as Anna's lasciviousness. It was hard for Simon to believe that he had initially been required to coach Jacob on how to seduce Anna. Now, Jacob was handling her better than he ever could. Amazing what getting to fuck your friend's mother does to a young man's ego.
Anna wasn't paying attention to their words, working instead on undoing Jacob's fly and gaining access to the treasure she knew was hidden within. All her qualms and internal arguments had been put aside for now, eclipsed by a burning lust. Her husband wanted this to happen, Jacob wanted this to happen, and, most importantly, she wanted this to happen. And if her husband wanted to watch, then fine, she would make sure to give him a show.
From the doorway, Simon couldn't help but unconsciously lick his lips as his wife knelt down and simultaneously yanked off Jacob's trousers and underwear. As the object of her desires bobbled free, the question on Simon's mind was no longer why Jacob had grown in confidence lately, but why he had ever lacked it in the first place. Seeing it in the flesh for the first time, it was clear that Jacob's cock was not just big, but exceptionally so. It was the kind of cock that you'd see on a pornstar and mentally file away as a specimen that couldn't among mere mortals, just so you wouldn't feel inadequate. And yet here it was, hovering mere inches in front of his wife's hungry face, attached to someone who, as far as he knew, was very much not a pornstar.
Anna followed her husband's eyeline. Realising he was locked on to Jacob's cock, she spotted an opportunity for some fun. "Are you disappointed baby? Regretting the deal? I'm not so sure." She grabbed Jacob's dick for emphasis. "I think if you had a choice of fucking me or watching this huge dick have a go instead, you'd choose the second option every time."
She didn't give him a chance to respond, instead summoning up a gob of spit, coating Jacob's cock with it, then shoving it in her mouth, eliciting an appreciative groan from both men. She didn't know why Jacob was here. She didn't know how long he'd be sticking around. All she knew was that she was past caring.
"And you know what?" she continued, removing Jacob's dick from her mouth with a resounding pop and fixing her husband with a mischievous stare. "I'd make the same choice."
Intellectually, Simon knew that his wife was saying what she knew he wanted to hear. But as she hungrily stuffed Jacob back into her mouth, he also didn't doubt the truth of her words for a second. Hell, if he was a girl, he knew which dick he'd rather suck.
"So," said Jacob with a casual aura entirely at odds with the fact he was getting a blowjob. "Aren't you going to ask me why I'm here?"
Simon waited a while for Anna to disengage and answer her lover, before realising the question was addressed at him instead. "Err," he stammered, unused to answering questions from men who were presently having their dick sucked, particularly when the one doing the sucking was his wife. "W-why are you here?"
"I'm here," said Jacob, "because both of us worked damn hard to get your wife to fuck me. And now I know just how good fucking her is, I don't want to give her up. So I'm taking a gap-year. My parents think I'll be fixing computers all year, but I'm going to be spending most of my time fixing Anna here instead."
"There was a time when I'd have asked if that was OK with the two of you," he continued. "But I know you both love the idea of me making your wife my girlfriend. Isn't that right, slut?" he said, looking down.
"Mmm-hmm," came the dreamily enthusiastic response from around his cock.
"A-and at the end of the year?" said Simon.
Jacob shrugged. "I go to university and we all move on with our lives, I guess," he said, matter-of-factly. "Come up here," Jacob continued, turning his attention to Anna. "I want to fuck you."
The two of them scrambled onto the bed. She ended up on her knees facing Simon in the doorway, with Jacob behind her.
"Tell him what I'm doing to you," said Jacob. "I don't think the poor guy can see."
"H-he's fingering me. I'm so wet already..." She groaned around his fingers, body begging for something more substantial. It wasn't long until the universe obliged her.
"O-o-oh fuck, baby," Anna groaned, "he just put it in me. Fuck, he's big. It's only been a few days but he needs to stretch me out to fit him again."
Simon was at fever pitch. Now he was inside her, Jacob went slowly at first. But soon the gentler lovemaking had become a jackhammer. The sight of his wife's tits swinging as Jacob pounded against her synced up with the wet, sticky slapping sounds produced by his wife's bottoming out on Jacob's cock.
"You'd better get used to that sound," said Jacob. "I'm going to fuck your wife more times this year than you'll manage in your entire life."
"I love it when you talk to him like that," she breathed, mind fully given over to lust. "My husband needs to realise he's not the most important man in my life anymore. My boyfriend is...."
"Mmm, that's right," Jacob replied. Emboldened by the fact she was playing along, he gave Anna's arse a firm spank and got a delightful squeak from her. "And seeing as you're my girlfriend, I really don't want you communicating with other men without my supervision anymore."
"I'll set up a group chat," he continued. "Any time you need to message either of us, you'll send it though that. And every time you message your husband, you'll attach a fresh nude, as a tax for giving him your attention and not me. Isn't that right?"
"Mmm," Anna groaned throatily. "That's right."
Deciding that her husband deserved a better view of their lovemaking, she disengaged from her lover and gestured for him to lay flat on the bed. Then, facing her husband, she lowered herself down on Jacob, knees either side of him, and began riding him hard. It was surreal, looking at her husband while fucking another man.
Jacob was in ecstasy as Anna rode him. But something about her now being in control led him to speak up. "Now I've had you raw, I'm never going back," he groaned. "So you've got to go on birth control."
"But that doesn't mean you can't cum inside today... I'm only just off my period," Anna keened. She knew how much pregnancy talk turned her husband on. And she was increasingly finding it turned her on too. "I probably don't even need to take the morning after pill."
Jacob spanked her arse. His dick quivered. He was so close to cumming. Did she really want to get pregnant? "You have no idea how much I want to breed you right now," he puffed. "But I don't want you out of action in nine month's time. I need to make this year count."
"But I was sooo horny when I was pregnant," Anna grinned lustily. She was enjoying being in control for the first time this evening. "You sure you don't wanna try and knock me up? Don't you think the inconvenience will be worth it to be able to fuck a little pregnant sexpot with big milky tits?"
It took all Simon's reserves of energy to stop himself grabbing his dick to the sight of his once innocent wife trying to convince her lover to get her pregnant, however much it might be an act on her part. He watched as she rode him slowly and intently in a forwards and back motion, imagining just how far inside her body Jacob's big fat dick penetrated. With the two of them locked together like that, it was hard to see how the tip could be anywhere else except pressed right against her cervix, ready to deposit a load of potent, virile sperm straight into her womb. Why did the thought turn him on so much?
"Maybe we should let him decide," Anna continued, gesturing at her husband. "Last time, I gave him a 50/50 chance of me taking the pill or not and he took the bet." She turned to Simon. "What do you think babe? Should I risk getting pregnant by my boyfriend? Three choices. Cum outside, cum inside and you take me to get a pill after, or... he cums inside and we let nature decide."
Jacob was too preoccupied with not cumming inside the warm, silken, cunt of his living wet dream to offer his opinion on the matter any more.
"Let him," Simon whispered eventually. "Let him cum inside you."
"And what about the pill afterward?"
"Forget it," he said, mouth bone dry and dick rock hard.
"Well, if you insist..." said Anna, upping the intensity of her grinding hips. In seconds, Jacob was roaring, rope after rope of cum splashing against the inside of her pussy. She bucked and moaned, feeling Jacob's load filling every crevice of her cunt, gobs of her young lover's thick, potent semen shooting into her pussy.
For Simon, the sight was so obscene, so taboo, so flat-out wrong, that the sensation of his rock hard cock rubbing slightly against his trousers was enough to send him over the edge, and he couldn't help but cum, there and then.
It took a few minutes for the three of them to come back to earth. When they did, Anna noticed the conspicuous wet spot on her husband's trousers.
"Is that what I think it is?" she giggled, unable to stifle her laugh. "Oh dear. Seems like the deal's off. I suppose I'd better think of a fitting punishment. How's this for starters? No more watching us this evening. Go on, you can sleep on the sofa."
As she banished her husband from the room, it was obvious he was enjoying his treatment--at least judging by the twitching of the still present bulge in his trousers. But her attention was soon stolen by another dick in the room rapidly returning to hardness...
***
It was late now, probably obscenely so. Since getting rid of her husband, she and Jacob had fucked a few more times. Then she had inaugurated their new group chat with a goodnight message for her husband, along with an obligatory selfie--featuring her face drenched in Jacob's cum. She was sure Simon would be enjoying that, though hopefully not too much, or else she'd have to think up another punishment.
"Don't worry, I'm not going to get pregnant," she said, now they finally had an opportunity to talk. "I'll take the morning after pill tomorrow."
"But what about what you told Simon?" Jacob asked.
"I'm just winding him up. He's thinking with his dick. Luckily one of us is still using their brain. The 50/50 chance I mentioned was actually 100/0. I was always going to take the pill, same as today." She studied Jacob's face. "Don't tell me you're disappointed! I thought you wanted us all to 'move on with our lives' next year."
"I can't deny the thought of putting a baby in you is fucking hot. But no, you're right."
"So you were telling the truth when you gave my husband the whole love/lust spiel? You're not in love with me?" she asked, pointedly.
"No, I'm not in love with you. I'm in love with fucking you."
She laughed. That was reassuring at least. "Well, good! But how can you be sure?"
"'Cause after the last time we did it, I did what you said and fucked someone else. Someone from school. And in the moment, I felt exactly the same way I felt fucking you. Just nowhere near as intense, obviously."
"Well how do you know you weren't falling in love with her too?" Anna responded, swallowing her slight irrational anger at the fact he had had sex with another woman.
"Because the day after I ghosted her. Easily."
"Jacob, that's terrible behaviour! Why?"
He shrugged. "Why have a pale imitation when I can fuck my friend's mum for a year?"
Anna paused. That was hard to argue with. "So you're going to ghost me one day too?"
"Sure, in 12 months time. That's what you want, right?"
"You'll get bored of me before then," she said, ignoring the question.
"Oh, I wouldn't be so sure about that," he replied lustily, pulling her closer for yet another fuck.
TO BE CONTINUED...