This is a short work of erotic fiction containing furry, or anthropomorphic, characters, which are animals that either demonstrate human intelligence or walk on two legs, for the purposes of these tales. It is a thriving and growing fandom in which creators are prevalent in art and writing especially.
****
Ropes eyed the pendant suspiciously, her tail lashing. The cougar sat at the side of the spa waiting area, separated from the gently lapping water of the pool by a low barrier that kept spa patrons away from those who simply wanted to use the leisure facilities, allowing separate barriers for each. It was pointless, really, as anyone could have probably hopped over such a lower barrier if they wanted to but it provided a perch for Kao at least, the blue dragon leaning against it as the sapphire-like pendant dangled from his paw.
"What?" He chuckled lightly, one eyebrow curiously raised. "You look like you've seen a ghost."
The demoness' tail lashed again, as restless as the four tentacles that sprouted from her back. In a robe for the spa, they were hidden, although she had already given the masseuse rather a fright with them, but that was something she had come to expect by now.
"No... But to control me?" She laughed and shook her head slowly, her tone almost mocking. "Kao, darling... That's never going to work."
The dragon's blue eyes dared her, lips pulling up into his characteristic smirk. Ropes' heart would have turned over for it but, as it was, such a look only served to send her lust into overdrive, need stirring in the pit of her belly. It was always so close to the surface when she was doing something ever so slightly illicit - out for the day with her husband's brother, who she was also doing on the side, was one of those things - that it was a wonder that the demoness even managed to keep it in her pants half the time. She supposed she learned to get by.
"Well then," Kao said smoothly, tucking the dangling pendant into the palm of his paw. "If you're that confident, try it on."
The cougar baulked, eyebrows raised sharply.
"What? I won't do something like that here?" She scowled, affecting a sulky pout that looked more seductive than anything truly unhappy. "Kao, sugar, that's not how it works with us, you should know that. You don't get to make me..." She hesitated before saying the word, the sound of it leaving a foul taste in her mouth. "...submit. That's not how I swing, darling."
The dragon shrugged.
"Well, if you're scared that it'll actually work on you, this piece of magic crap or whatnot, why don't you just try it on right here? Prove that it doesn't work and you'll never submit."
Ropes rolled her eyes and scoffed dismissively.
"Puh-leaze, honey... That would be humouring it. And even if it did work..." Her eyes darted around the deserted waiting area, the holiday having sent most other furs off to family commitments rather than the exclusive club. "Well... We couldn't do anything here... Not now..."
And then Kao knew that he had her, taking her paw in his and pressing the pendant into it with a smile that promised so much more.
"Why, there's no one else around but it's public enough that I won't really be able to do anything bad... It's safe for you..."
But she wasn't worried about how safe or not it was, that wicked thrill trembling through her as she eyed the pendant, lifting the necklace to her throat before her daring nerve could threaten to fail her. It glinted as if with an inner light as she fastened the clasp, her breath catching even as her tentacles twisted and writhed beneath her white gown.
And then the cougar knew it had been a mistake.
She'd never before wanted to crumple to her knees before a male - rather, that was another way that she lusted after and took a male to feed on - but Kao made it so easy. Just why hadn't she wanted his cock so badly before? It was not like her to be so public and upfront about what she needed but she was on her knees before she could even blink, tail lifting so high that she would have shown off her rump and her flushed, hot sex to anyone who would have been standing behind her - if the spa had been busy, that was. Thankfully for her and, in a different way, Kao too, the place was as deserted as it could be, leaving him free to enjoy the cougar as she needed to be.
"What a good kitten you can be..."
The dragon smirked, taking his brother's wife's head and turning it up to him, thumb hooked into the corner of her mouth. But he didn't need to pry open her jaws as the pendant glowed, drawing her into submissiveness as she mewled hungrily, pushing her flat, pink tongue out for his cock. And that was something that he was all too willing to give her, unzipping his casual trousers - jeans to the spa wasn't really the done thing, or at least that was what she'd told him - to feed his hardening shaft between her jaws.
"Such a good kitty..."
No! Ropes shuddered, suckling even as her mind rebelled. She wasn't a kitten! Not like that! Hellfire - she was a demoness! She was the dominant one! They didn't dominate each other, oh no - they fucked! They fucked rough and hard and...oh...
But wasn't it all the better to be spreading her knees for him and lapping lustfully along his cock as if it was the finest treat in the world, submission thrumming through her as her pussy slickened with arousal. She shook her rump even without thinking, the movement of her tail bringing a gentle sway to her lower body, eyes half-lidded to hide the white glow that should have marked her as the dominantly lustful party, control locked in her paws. Yet that control was long gone and she was but a toy for Kao to use as he pleased, the demoness fallen from grace into seedy pits that were very much not of her own design and inclination!
"Untie that robe."
A short command didn't need to be eloquent, the cougar rushing to obey and fumbling with the loose, soft rope of fabric that protected her dignity. Well, what had remained of her dignity for it was rather hard to be dignified when one was sucking a dragon's cock in public with only the light lapping of the pool for any sort of background noise. She could not complain, however, with his cock driving up into the back of her throat, each 'hack' and 'glug' only barely passing her lips as he hissed dominantly, taking every ounce of power she offered him as she mewled around his shaft.
Her breasts spilt out, heavy and full, although her tentacles remained submissively tucked further back, only snaking out to tease and stroke Kao's scales and balls where she thought that, maybe, she would be allowed. Of course, the dragon welcomed her touch, growling his appreciation as his trousers hitched on his thighs, legs kept apart only enough so that they would not pool awkwardly around his ankles. His eyes too seemed to glow with a demon's fire, jaws slightly parted with the hint of flame flickering at the back. Yes, he was a drake who knew what he had when he had it and his brother's wife was a prize indeed to take on her knees. That was, of course, regardless of the fact that they had fucked many times over already but taking one who was supposed to be so very dominant was something else entirely.
Parting his jaws further, the dragon let out a long, roiling his as she sucked his shaft, bobbing her muzzle so rapidly that it was if she loathed leaving his cock outside her lips for any span of time, needing him even more than he needed her. He could not help but use and abuse the power of his situation, leaning over her as he snarled and drove powerfully into her muzzle, using the weight of his body to fuck and drive and slam into her mouth as if she was suddenly just another submissive breeding hole to be filled.
"You shouldn't have underestimated me!"
And perhaps Kao was right there as he shoved his cock right up into the back of the cougar's throat, letting her mewl and whimper submissively around him even as the demoness inside her raged. Where her tentacles should have been whipping up around him in a frenzy, searching for that control, they stroked and caressed every inch of his body that they could reach, even reaching up beneath his light clothing to tease his nipples and give him every last bit of pleasure that she possibly could as a submissive cock-slut.
But his pleasure was not to be spent inside her mouth and he ripped free with a snarl, heaving her up and over at the waist, tail yanked up to expose both the rosebud of her tail hole and soft, feminine folds. There was no question as to what he would take and seed in the heat of the moment and yet Ropes yowled out her submissive pleasure all the same, not even pushing back on his cock as he drove into her, each thrust bringing a fresh wave of pleasure to her lust-addled mind.
Could submitting feel good too? Oh, the pendant did not have much of a hold on her as yet but she still wanted that orgasm as it tore through her, pulsing and grinding and tearing up every last part of her being as the drake seeded himself within her. It only took a few thrusts to finish what he'd started, out in the open where just anyone could have walked in on her shame, tail raised and curling wantonly about the waist of her dominant partner as if that alone would get him to fuck her harder for it.
But he'd spent himself, cum filling her pussy as dollop after dollop dripped to the floor to be later found by some unlucky cleaning fur, although neither of them would stick around for the fallout of that one. Moaning even as orgasm rippled through her, the remnants stronger than the driving force of climax itself, seed dripping thickly down her thighs as if her body, as strong as it was, simply wasn't able to contain the sheer volume of what her master pumped into her.
Ropes shuddered. It was wrong how good it felt to think that.
Enough for now...
"Take..."
Swaying, the demoness moaned, trying to straighten even as he pinned her shoulder blades down over the table. He kicked a chair aside, the legs scraping obnoxiously over the smooth floor, and she mewled, the submissive lure of the pendant making it hard to even vocalise something that was not a moan.
"Take...off..."
There, she'd said it. Relief washed through her and she knew that Kao knew that she wanted it off. He'd had his fun, after all, and he hadn't pushed it too far either. They'd laugh and fuck even harder for it later but she'd had enough fun with it and was ready for the coyly submissive thrill and inclinations to relinquish her back to the dominant demoness she truly was at heart.
It was just a shame he wasn't about to make it easy for her.
"Oh... You want this off?"
Smirking, Kao poked the pendant and cocked his head, one eyebrow curiously raised. But, instead of unclasping the necklace that she could not bring her quivering paws to do for herself, he let it fall again, cock questing for her soaked, dripping entrance. Sloppy seconds were the best by far and better so when he'd already filled her once with his own cream rather than the weak seed of her husband.
Whimpering and mewling, all Ropes could do was hang her head and push back onto his cock as he drove in once more, claiming her as her body so badly needed to be claimed. That was what a submissive slut was there for, after all - was it not? She had to be used, had to please him, had to do everything she possibly could to get that cock pounding her to completion once again. Mewling, she clawed at the table for some semblance of purchase, eyes half-lidded lustfully as she allowed herself to be taken by the smirking drake, his claws biting into her hip. Having her just where he wanted her, the dragon hissed, slamming in with all the might in his body.
He wasn't about to let the demoness' submission go so easily once she'd been claimed...