It was a sunny Saturday in early March, around noon- we got up late due to a late evening Both Amy and I were hanging out in jeans, t-shirts and socks- her long soft dark brown hair in a ponytail ... my hair-long since gone. The kitchen of my duplex still smelled of the French toast feast we had just finished, after a heated debate over the proper vanilla/cinnamon ratio. As I start to do the dishes, I notice you are engaged in an intricate sock skating program to the latest Phantogram song, there is a joy that shines from you. I smile as i watch the most beautiful woman in the world. My mind wanders back to last night... curious about how the Avengers movie ended, when did Stan lee make his traditional cameo.. and if Matt and Natalie locked up when they left... when did they leave. Amy and I lasted 30 minutes into the first movie when our hands accidently slid down her inner thigh... and that's the last we saw.
For me, Amy met my magical criteria: namely I would want to take her out every night and pamper her, but also just want to stay at home curled up together watching a movie (and making out). After 18 months, the latter option was still my favorite. Just being together made my heart pound.
You see I am extremely shy and introverted... often getting lost in my thoughts (now usually of her). I can't handle crowds, like clubs, for more than about 20 minutes. I never ever want to be the center of attention, or stand out. The reasons are long and complicated... simple answer it has to do with the late identification of some learning issues.... I recovered well in fact graduating from grad school when the experts were surprised I completed undergrad.
Amy told me she understood and was the similarly inclined to quiet nights. In the beginning this was a source of tension because I was sure she wasn't being honest, just making me feel okay. Fortunately we found some clubs that were laid back, and friends we go out with who accepted the quiet shy guy the brown haired Angel dragged along. Also, every so often she would go out on her own and cut loose; she would always stop by tell me about it, and I would see a little sparkle. A few times I offered to step aside.... with one condition: we had to whatever to stay friends.
Don't get me wrong we did things to keep the fire going. While we both had fun reading ludicrously wild fantasies about alt lifestyles, but when we talked neither of us had any interest in trying anything. We weren't boring mind you, and there was fire between us which is why we got such a late start.
"What are you doing today?" You ask.
"I need to do some cleaning around the house. I am starting a new project on Monday, and you know that's kinda my ritual. Want to hang around and help?" I ask. I work from home, as a project consultant with a local university- it's a modest endeavor but I really enjoy it. The sad part is that I no longer get to flirt, err I mean collaborate, with this one girl on campus, but at least she stops by occasionally to train me on the enjoyment of whip up a good meal to share (Oh you have such a dirty mind).
"Hmmmm, let me think..." there is a long pause. You look pensive.
"Hey, you already have done the floor using my favorite wool socks!" I point out, you look at me with a frown. A few more seconds of silence.
"You know, I think I would rather get my head shaven. It's the first nice day in months, and I have some errands to run. Plus, if I don't do laundry I won't have any clothes for tonight, or work." You declare.
"Want me to go with..." We've been together for about 18 months, yet still you could make me excited about watching paint dry or grocery shopping. I walk you outside to your car.
"I do, but I know you need to get ready for Monday. BTW Please turn in your timesheets ON TIME!!! I swear I want to really beat you sometimes."
"Yes Ma'am!!" I Stand erect and salute.
Amy is the contract analyst who supports my group. Professionally we love her because she lets us get away with murder. Personally, I love her because she ... well she is Amy. I feel and electricity every time, and I do mean every time, I see her.
" I wish you meant that. I should move in.... make you my slave. Just so I could steal your paperwork and get it processed on time." You say jokingly.
"Well You could..." I start to reply, but she cuts me off
"You know I like my place, and not that kind of girl." You move over to me and we embrace. Our arms around each other's neck and foreheads touching.
From the distance a duet of voices yell "WILL YOU TWO GET A ROOM... PLEAASE!!" My neighbor Max and his wife Natalie wave.
"I'll come along if you want, I can clean tomorrow." Our lips meet and we kiss deeply and passionately.
"That's sweet. I know would and thank you, but it's okay." Reluctantly we separate. I head towards the door while you start your car. "Hey what are we doing tonight? "
"How about dinner and a movie? Everyone is in Tahoe this weekend. I think Fast and Furious 900 is out." You give me quizzical look. "It's in the theatre.... Geez!!!" I respond.
As I get to my door You yell out "You know I heard about a couple new hangouts that opened Downtown. How about dinner and then check out one of the new clubs?".
"Hmmm" as I said I am hesitant because clubs, with their loud music and crowds are extremely uncomfortable.
"Please?!!! It will be fun. We can have an awesome steak dinner a nice romantic stroll along the waterfront. Then some music and dancing... some might call it romantic"
"Sounds like a perfect Saturday" I respond.
"You're lying your ass off!! "You call out. "Thank You. I'll call you later when I'm done."
I smile broadly, and walk full speed into the door (apparently, it is less painful when you open the door.)
"OHH Babe! You okay?" I nod.
"I can't tell you how much I appreciate you doing this." You say proudly.
I give you a big smile.
You drive off.
For the next few hours I clean my house, moving old files to the garage to make room for new ones, while a preseason baseball game plays in the background. The game is in the 6th inning when I hop out of the shower, cleaned, shaved and powdered. In my sweats, I flop into my recliner with a coke to watch the game and do some reading. Just what an almost perfect Saturday.... Just one thing missing... Amy, I start thinking maybe tonight on our stroll I should ask her "THE" question. I fade off to sleep.
I feel my foot being tapped and hear:
"Wake Up! I don't want to be late." There is a tinge of impatience in the voice.
As I come out of my slumber and my eyes focus I am shocked by the vision before me. The first thing I see a pair of Black boots with 5 inch heels with a small platform especially the left boot which is currently shaking my leg. They gently curve the arch of your feet and tightly caress your legs up to the med thigh. Very tight low cut black leather jeans extend from the inside of the boots to your hips, it has a gold zipper from the top that disappears between your inner thighs. The top is a soft black leather corset, with three straps that buckle across your torso, pushing your breasts up. The outfit is topped off with a short leather jacket that caresses your body and supple gloves. I can't speak... or move. Strangely it feels like there is something pushing my cock.
Then I notice you now have jet black hair is slick and all combed over so it falls on the right side of your face, exposing the fact that the left side has been shaved to a sexy fuzz. You are wearing the fiercest red lipstick with heavily smoked eyes, and very large hoop earrings.
"Oh my! go go god!" I stammer.
"Do you like it?" I nod like a fool- my cock is desperately trying to get hard.
"Hurry up! We need to get going" You order me.
"I need to get...." But I you interrupt.
"No, you don't." You wave your gloved hand up and down. Then it hits me I'm already dressed, sort of.. I feel strange, but energizing.
"Man I didn't realize you slept so soundly when you nap. I mean I can't believe you didn't wake up." We move the full length mirror. Before me is leather me. The polished black military boots explain why my feet felt so heavy. I am wearing skin tight leather jeans, my cock protruding from a leather pouch that has zippers running up each side (I later learn these are cod piece jeans); the jeans are accessorized with a spiked belt. My chest is encased in a leather t shirt that zips up the front with a buckled collar and sleeves. You walk into the frame of the mirror, and slip a leather biker jacket on me and put on some gloves. Still my cock can't get hard, it want to but can't. Seeing us both in the mirror takes my breath away ... again.
"Oh, you are soo sexy. Such a sexy boy toy" You whisper into my ear. The gentle breathe washing across my cheek stirring desires.
"But we can't go out like this, people will think, think we are freaks" I stammer. There are soo many thoughts and sensations I can't process.
"You don't like it?" You ask in a disappointed voice.
"No . Yes. No. I mean I love it. You look soo HOT (I feel my soul burning with pure lust overwhelming lust!!) But what will people think? We look soo different, l . People will stare at us, I mean me. I mean You ..." "You look soo different what happened?."
"I told you I would rather get my head shaved, so I did. Don't you like it?" You declare teasingly. I can only nod. Then realizing "No NO you you look soo amazing. I want to ..."
"Seriously we need to go. You said we could check out the new club. We both have fantasized about leather, so I thought I would do something adventurous tonight." You start explaining. "But don't worry if it's too much we can change into regular clothes and go to a movie. Or just stay in" You pull me in for a hug "Or have a once in a lifetime adventure we'll never forget."
The feel of the leather against my skin and your hot erotic body pressing against the creaking sounds of new leather on leather me driving me insane.
Getting a little composure. "Oh Please, You're not playing fair. .." You smile and rub my chest, moving lower. " Ohhh ohhh NO!! Okay, I surrender." You wink at me.
We head to the door, your boots clicking powerfully on the wood floor; making me feel so desperate, and with your hand holding mine .. safe. When we get to the door I notice there is a stretch limo waiting. I look at you and then wave the driver off with a stare so I can help you in- I am the only one touching my leather goddess (did I think goddess?) tonight , and then climb in behind you. The driver is the consummate professional- not raising an eyebrow.
"I didn't think it would be safe for either of use to drive." We pull away and get on the freeway. Once we are on the freeway You point out two covered plates and linens.
"I promised you a steak dinner."
"Oh god You are the best. Would you mind if I waited. I am so nervous I think I would get sick if I ate" I say sheepishly. I just gaze at you.
"Oh mike.." You begin to massage my neck. Instead of calming me, its driving me crazy. You notice my codpiece is more protruding.
"You know I love you, right?" There I said it.. it wasn't the first time, but maybe the most important.
"I love you. I really appreciate your courage in doing this for me." There I heard it, not the first time but the most special. We kiss deeply passionately, fogging all the windows I feel on edge in soo many ways. You give me a little space to process this, but we constantly hold hands. We share your dinner, leaving mine for the driver.
Finally we arrive at the destination, a parking lot on the outskirts of the entertainment district. The driver opens the door and I alight the vehicle. I immediately extend my gloved hand to help Amy elegantly exit the car.
"Thanks, Tommy" you call to the driver, giving him a peck on the cheek. "Have fun Amy, or should I say Miss Amy?"
"You know the driver's name?" I ask.
"I should he's... my baby cousin." You say confidently, giving me a quick peck on the cheek.
"Oh shit what kind of pervert is your family going to think I am?" My voice is near panic.
"Don't worry." You say giggling "...mine".
"Really?" You give me a love tap to the back of my head. I don't know why but I respond, "Thank you?"
The limo speeds away. There is no turning back.
You head over to a stranger and ask where the new hangout is. He says he thinks it's about 10 blocks due west. Wait 10 blocks!!! There is no way I can do this.
"I thought we could enjoy some sights" there is a tinge of mischievous in your voice.
"But we're the sight!!!" I protest.
"Yes we are." You giggle. I frown.
As I stand there the amber light of dusk acts sheds new light on you. Not only are you the most beautiful woman I have ever seen- every day I see you l realize that. I feel my legs weaken a little, then your leather clad arm sliding across my leather waist- gives me strength. I take a deep breath and enjoy the sweet scent of leather mixed with our aroma, and feel myself approaching heaven.
Hand in hand we start walking down the street, just your typical couple. You put your head on my shoulder.... This isn't too bad. As we start walking it does feel good to be walking with you hand in hand. Initially I am lost in our little world. We are just another couple in love out for a night out, oblivious to the world.
But the outside world starts to invade, I start to feel the eyes of passerby's staring at us like some strange species in the zoo. There is a lot of staring and some comments tossed our way. "My gosh look at those two", "this city has such freaks" "Perverts"- this one strangely makes you squeeze our gloved hands tighter, and you pull me closer trying to make me feel safer. There are other comments, but they seem to fade. One couple almost walk into a glass window as they watch us heading down the street. We move closer snuggling in this start of our journey. Together, our leather encased bodies moving together, along with the click of your boots and your leathered grip make me feel safe.
We get to the first intersection, the light turns red. You turn to me and pull me closer then we start kissing both hands holding each other. You touch your forehead to mine "How are you doing?" With your right hand you tenderly stroke my cheek reassuringly.
"uhm ok" I say sheepishly trying to muster some false confidence.
"I am soo proud of you." I blush feeling stronger because of You. We hug, getting lost The signal cycles three times before we separate. Your gloved had squeezes mine.
"Thank you" you whisper as I catch my breath. You wink at me as we start across the street.
At the second intersection, the light turns red. You take your free hand and rub my neck, then move down my chest. I move in a little. My free hand moves around your waist and pulls you closer. I gently rub my cheek over the fuzz above your right ear it feels soft and smells soo sweet. and let out a deep breath/moan. You playfully slap my cheek.
In a whisper "You pervert" you playfully declare - I blush. When the light turns green you start pulling me along. I can't help but admire, your perfect leather encased ass moving so confidently. I still hear the voices, but they fade away. I am beginning to feel less self-conscious.
We arrive at the third intersection and again its red. We turn towards each other and simply hug. Our leather clad bodies melting into one. There is a sweet comfort, maybe we can just stay here in this moment forever. Together we both whisper "I love you." And then laugh.
"Hey what are your going to do Monday? Your look is a little different, err edgy." I ask
"You don't like this look?" You ask.
"You have to ask?" I pull you tighter we grind against each other. "You are so totally hot, my cock would normally be telling you just how hot you are. But what about the office?" I clarify
"Screw them. I don't give a fuck what people think" You respond powerfully, confidently- this is a very different person than this morning. I pull you soo tight I don't want to ever let you go. A couple dressed conservatively, for a night of fine dining, smiles nervously at us. You make a point to squeeze my balls and pulling my face to your buzzed side; picking the cue I stick my tongue out and use it to tickle your scalp. Mortified by the brazen display of lustful abandon the couple quickly moves away. Others around stare and gasp. You giggle, I pant desperately. "God you're sooo hot."
"Also when I wear my hair normally, I think vanilla style you really can't tell" You whisper "but seriously I really don't care what anyone thinks........ anyone but you." I rub your clit through your jeans as I plant a kiss to reaffirm my opinion.
"My pervert" you whisper not knowing I hear you.
As we head across the street we leave the tourists behind, and are now where the locals hang out. The catcalls and comments increase people are point at us and calling us "freaks", "degenerates", and "sluts". I start to feel very self-conscious again. While on the other hand You seem to gain confidence from being the center of attention- this might also be since intermixed with the insults are comments like "You look hot babe"; "Dump the Freak" "Come get this" and "I will be yours".
You turn around put your hands on the back of my neck forcefully pulling me in and planting a huge wet powerful kiss on me. Your tongue brazenly invades my mouth, and my tongue returns the assault. With tongues exploring deep into the other and our lips locked together we lose track of the outside world, we move in a synchronicity that is new to us. You are broadcasting to the neighborhood that YOU own the street and me. You know what you want, don't care what anyone thinks.
You then grab me by my collar and lead us across the street to the fading cries of "lucky bastard". You slid your glove down from collar to my hand by way of crotch, which you give a squeeze. This time it seems as if you are making an effort to keep me behind you, taking the lead. The sound of your boots hitting the cobblestone very powerful. I hear you giggle. I can't believe it but I may be falling more in love with You.
At the fifth intersection the light turns red just as we start crossing. This causes my leather leader to stop abruptly and my leather codpiece bumps into your luscious ass. Suddenly you deliberately step back and start rubbing. You wiggle as if to magically draw my cock in. I am frustrated. As we connect I suddenly notice that it feels like something is surrounding my cock as a ring seems to push against my pelvis. I pull you tighter, and you wiggle.
You turn and slap my face. "PERVERT!" you say laughingly but loud enough people around to hear.
"Hey Amy, did you do something downstairs? My crotch feels...?" "It's like my cock wants to explode but can't"
You giggle. "YOUR cock?" you ask.
We are now approaching a more gentrified industrial area, and we stick out less. Partially because the street is largely empty.
As we approach the sixth block you see the light changing to red, (How the hell did you arrange this?) So you start rubbing against me, this causes my cock to strain even more. This situation is driving me crazy. You pull my hands to your front and I start pull you tighter. My leather gloved hands exploring from your midsection to your breasts, then down uhm below your waist. The leather barrier is intoxicating and frustrating. Inside I am in a frenzy of lust. Your hands caressing my buttocks. We let out simultaneous moans, You turn into me and we lock lips- our tongues dancing. You taste soo good. An officer starts to approach, but then thinks twice and calls out to us to have a nice evening. Snapping back to reality we thank him in panting voices. I now feel like I am roasting in my leathers, and the musky scent of leather and your glistening tells me you are hot too. After another quick kiss, we start across the street.
About halfway down the seventh block I notice some strange shops, okay given how we look, not that strange. The third shop on the street is a small leather shop. Amy turns to me "this might be a fun place to do some shopping ....my leather slut. " I am startled for a second. You wink . "let's go in" You command and pull me into the shop. There is a new commanding presence in your demeanor.
The shop is brimming with all types of devices, fashions, souvenirs, books for the fetish enthusiast. For some reason, you pull me towards a leather straight jacket, commenting "I should have put you in this out of this earlier." We then head over to check out leather lingerie and pouches. You show me some leather thongs that appear to lock into place. Holding one with little spikes to me you declare "this would make sure my little deviant behaves himself, wouldn't it?"
I quickly nod respond "oh too bad I left my wallet in my other leather slut outfit" after a pause "oh shit I did leave" I stop myself mid thought.
"what is it?" Amy asks
"Nothing, but did you remember to grab my wallet?
"Do you see any place for me to carry it?" You declare sternly like I am a child. I shake my head
"But we might have a problem... no cash or credit card"
"Ooops, at least I was able to set up a tab with your card at the club when I called" You declare. "but I guess you can't get the straight jacket for me tonight my leather slut." I turn beat red at
"Hey Amy what do you mean by "leather slut'?" I ask. As we head towards a collection of collars you comment You give a deep kiss and slap my crotch-all the blood leaves my brain.
"Nothing. It was a joke. But you do look hot and damn sexy." For some reason, I don't completely believe you but I'm not sure I care. We thank the clerk and leave.
As we walk down the block Something feels different. You are walking fully two strides ahead of me- it seems intentional, like my place is behind you. In fact it seems like Your posture more erect more commanding, there is a full blown confidence that demands everyone's attention. I notice that your stride is more assertive powerful; I am also tuned in to the sound of the boots as they make contact with the street, I sooo want to have you rip off my leathers and take me. We find ourselves waiting for yet another red light.
"Amy are we okay?"
"Yes, why would you ask that?"
"I don't know, the new look, the straightjacket and slut comment. This little stroll/parade, as we have been walking You seem to be changing... transforming. It seems as if You are trying to draw attention, trying to tell me something.... if I'm not satisfying," My voice drops in resignation.
"No! NO! You foolish boy. I just wanted to do something different for a night, something edgy. A little innocent roleplay"
"Really? "
" Kiss MY Ass" you declare. I look at you quizzically. You slap my face.
" oh Mike, SERIOUSLY KISS MY ASS" You seem pissed. Suddenly a large crowd of people is staring.
Not knowing what
I grab your waist, pull you towards me and firmly kiss each cheek. I suddenly realize your zipper runs completely from front to back. My knees get very weak.
You break out laughing... "Good, my little pervert!"
We pull each other tight. I feel your booted legs wrapping around my legs and drawing me closer. I wrap my arms around your waist and pull you tight. We grind against each other as our breathing quickens. Our lips and tongues merge in a passion that even we haven't reached before. I start moaning as my cock is screaming to be allowed to reach erection.
"Oh please!... What did you do to my cock? It desperately wants to explode. I want to explode." You discretely reach into your jeans and then place a gloved finger to my lips and push it inside my mouth. I gently suck. Your juices are soo delicious, sweet and leathery.
"SSSSHHHH Did I tell you how much I love you? and it's MY cock tonight" you whisper. I whimper.
We stumble across the sidewalk into the side of a building, the window display lighting us for the world to see. I can't take this dance anymore, I have to have you............. Now. I start kissing your from your shaved head, down to your ear and neck. As my mouth explores this new tigress, my hands start playing with your breasts through the leather corset, squeezing and teasing. Your hands start to rub my abs through my shirt moving one hand up and the other... As you squeeze my right nipple and rub my codpiece I gasp loudly and start to kiss the exposed part of your breasts. We are panting loudly so everyone nearby can hear... but I don't care.... In fact part of me wants the attention ... to let everyone know I am with YOU and how much I desire you. As my mouth moves to the right breast, you desperately push me away. Breathless You tell me to stop.
"OOOh please!" I beg.
You slap me again... these slaps are beginning to have a less deterring effect.
"PLEASSE I can't take this, I need you."
"No. You Deviant" You pant, there is a conflicted desperation in your voice.
You reach your gloved hand and take my gloved hand. We stroll unsteadily, like a drunk couple, down the street. You keep us at arm's length, at least joined by our hands. I gently try to pull you closer.
"Not right now babe. We can't control ourselves."
"Please, my tigress. I will be good"
"Tigress? You mean Leather tigress... I like that. But no you are a bad boy.. and I don't trust you, you're such a slut tonight." You say loudly, then I hear you whisper, "or myself."
After passing a few storefronts you pull us towards the one with lights on, and we stumble into the only open shop on the street. You lead me to a chair on the right side directly in front of the window, a well-lit window. You push me into the chair and climb on top and straddle my aching.. your aching cock. I start to massage the boots encasing your thighs as you bend over to plant another kiss. You stop just inches away and give me a hard play slap across my face.
"That's for driving me crazy you bad bad boy." You say jokingly.
The proprietor yells out "I'll be out in a minute".
"Please Sir, may I have another" I say imitating the famous line by Kevin Bacon from Animal House.
"Sir?"
"Sorry. Please Miss may I have another" I repeat.
You laugh.. "You may pay for that, smart ass." My groin is on fire!!!! The volcanic pressure building to historic levels not seen since Pompeii.
Your other glove move across my face gently, and then you move in for the kill.... we kiss. Looking down your cleavage I notice a slender gold chain with a small key hanging down.
"Amy?! " You sit up a bit and look at me.
"I really don't want you to move, but if you don't want me to be bad ...."
Finally looking around we notice there are a bunch of barber chairs and Stencils on the wall. The place looks classy but scary. I notice the sign on the back wall "Welcome to Nouveau Tattoos and Piercings".
"You better get off of him" The owner booms.
"or get him off" I whisper.
You look at me and smile, then slap my face and then cock.
"Behave!" you say playfully.
The owner inquires "What can I do for you?"
" Sorry sir. We just came into rest a minute. We are heading to the new club down the street" You declare.
"Rest? Really? It didn't look like any rest" the owner scolds.
"Sorry we/ he got a little out of control" You apologize in your normal sweet voice. I nod like a buffoon.
"I noticed" He responds very sternly.
"Can I use your restroom? I really need to pee" you volunteer in your sweet innocent voice.
"Well its only for customers, not.... but okay. It's in the back"
"Thanks" You unmount me and slowly seductively head to the back. I watch you walk away completely lost in my thoughts about this new version. Is it a new version of you, us? or just a onetime playdate. As long as I see you I am complete and really don't care.
"Can I do anything for you?" The owner asks me.
" Sorry, we agreed not to get tattoos, plus she forgot my wallet. I" I respond. Inside I am torn, I want to make a gesture but not sure what to do.
"She forgot your wallet? Does your Domme keep your money?"
"No she's not my.. Domme, (for some reason I hesitate a second) we aren't like that." I try to explain that is supposedly a one night thing, like a costume party. "I wish there was something I could do to surprise her and show my appreciation. I was going to propose tonight before she sprang this .. "
" Well there is no mistaking that you two are a couple. If you want I could give you a piercing. I could do your ear it would be quick. We have a new way to pierce your tongue it heals instantly.... you could really show her your appreciation tonight, if you know what I mean. If you don't like them they fill in in no time."
"But she'll be right out." I say.
"No problem. I will be done before she gets back. Don't worry about paying. You guys are soo hot and cute, considerate it an early wedding present"
I hem and haw. .... "Okay do it quick before I chicken out. Thanks "
You grab the piercing gun and pull out my tongue. In a second I feel the hole and bar inserted, then you move to my left ear and thunk- it's done. As the piercing gun is being put away You reappear. I look at you and smile.
"What happened?" you demand.
I turn my head to reveal my newly pierced ear.
"You did that for me?" you ask... I nod.
"Uhm, you know what the left ear means don't you?" I shake my head.
"Oh well... this night might become very very interesting for you." you declare.
As we leave the shop you point down across the street. "There's the club!"
Excitedly we head towards the club, even in your heels you are pulling me. When we get there we join the line . I look at You a bit disdainfully. Everyone is dressed for a nice evening out -- more edgy than most of the people we've seen, but we stand out like a sore leather thumb. People start making comments. "Oh my god" "look at those two" "that takes some balls" "They let pervs into this place?" (pervert now seems to give me a sense of pride)
"How is MY cock doing?" You ask in a very assertive voice, squeezing it hard. Making a display like you are checking Your property. I feel strange.... Drifting back to the tattoo artist's comments.
"OHHH it is very frustrated." You pounce on the opening and we kiss passionately. Openly defying the critics in the line.
Suddenly you break away and look at me shocked.
"Open your mouth!" You demand. I open my mouth but roll my tongue up.
You slap me really hard (this is not a playful slap) and in a loud demanding voice you command:
"Stick out your tongue Michael" (you only use my full name when she is angry).. Show me your tongue RIGHT NOW" Slowly reluctantly my tongue slides out. You gasp in shock.
"WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU DO?!!!!!!!!!" Everyone not already staring at us is now, the line converges closer to us. You take a staggering step back.
Afraid I made a huge mistake. I quickly answer, "I did it for You"
"What?! ME? Why?!" You shout.
"Yes, Look at you. You've transformed into this powerful leather tigress, so I wanted to do something to show you I am in for this. Even if it is just a once in a lifetime night. And ...." You put your gloved hand over my mouth.
"OH, you sweet slut. You are soo hot and I love you sooo much!" You then attack me pulling me very tight. " By the way piercing you left ear says your gay" you whisper. "Also who says this is once in a lifetime?" Your gloved hand starts firmly rubbing my leather cod. My head starts spinning, flooded with questions:
"Is this just a onetime experience, or a new life?"
"Do we want this life?"
"What is this life?"
"Can we go back?"
From the crowd "WILL YOU TWO LEATHER DEVIANTS PLEASE GET A ROOM, FOR ONCE!" The voice is familiar.
"FUUCK OFF, MATT!!" we yell back in unison. "MATT?"
"At least leave your clothes on" Matt and his wife approach us. Matt has on a pair of regular leather jeans a sweater and cowboy boots, his wife is in a leather mini skirt with a tight low cut top and wool coat, completing the outfit is a sexy pair of black ankle boots. Natalie turns and smacks the back of his head. Matt chuckles and thanks her.
"We'll try!!, but no promises." As we chat with our friends, Your hands squeeze my ass, while I tweak your breasts then wrap my arms around your waist. You rub your legs against me. I give your neck and fuzz loving pecks. Matt and Natalie go from holding hands to an embrace.
"You two are soo cute!" Natalie pipes up. You're purring... the tigress content with her prey "Yeah he sluts up pretty good." You twist my nipple. I blush my thoughts swimming.
After about twenty minutes we finally get to the head of the line. The door man hands you an elegant black bag. "I believe this is for you, Miss..." You look at him with a bit of surprise and sternly, he appears to stop mid-word. Very quickly You hand the bag to Matt's wife shaking your head, you pull my face between your breasts so I can't see you mouth "bad idea. This got totally way too out of control." She mouths "okay."
"What's that?" I ask.
"Nothing, its not for you." Your voice is firmer, dismissive, and tense.
The music from inside is pounding the crowd noise growing. I realize this is the last time tonight we will be able to hear each other, so I take a deep breath and drop to my knees... Both knees.
You stare down at me confused, scared. "Mike stand up!".... "Get UP! Please getup" There is panic in your voice, like the mad scientist who's experiment killed her boyfriend.
Bowing before you. "Amy, my leather tiger goddess, you have fulfilled my life, transformed me, you make me complete..."
"Mmike, stop!!!! " your voice shaking, all the earlier bravado gone.
"I want to spend the rest of our lives making you ..."
"Please Mike!" Your voice desperate, that mad scientist realizing her experiment has gotten out of control, and is about to destroy Tokyo.. You put your hand under my shoulder, trying to encourage me to stand up.
"...happy. Please do me the honor of marrying me?"
"WHAT!? Really?" Your eyes are tearing up, voice cracking. "Mike, you don't have to do this. I'm sorry. Soo sorry. I shouldn't have made you do this. Tonight got out of control. It's all my fault."
"Please Amy? It's not tonight, well just tonight. I don't ever want to be without you, I can't be without you." my voice cracks a little. You stare into my eyes, and see my soul. You know I am being true.
"Oh, you fantastic deviant perverted slut." You gently pull my head up and gaze into my eyes.
"YES!!!! Hell, yes I will marry you!!!!!" We both beam smiles.
I fumble looking for your ring before realizing it is probably with my wallet.
"I'm sorry I forgot the ring, well not quite forgot... someone molested me and put me in this outfit before I could get it" I drop my head.
You laugh. "OHHH they plan on ravishing you later, and forever."
Natalie extends the bag back to you. "Why not Use this?" You reach into the bag and pull out a leather collar, you quickly put it back. I look at her then you, confused. You shake your head.
Natalie exclaims "You idiot put this collar on him. Don't let him get away!!! Collar him NOWWW!!!" A couple of tears roll down her cheeks, which Matt wipes away as he gives her a tender kiss.
"OH Yes Am... Mis... Mistress" I respond enthusiastically. We both do a double take by me using the term.
Stunned you ask "Mike, what did you call me?"
"Mistress, I'm sorry Amy. I meant to say Amy. " I am soo embarrassed, my gaze is at the toes of your boots.
"No mike, it's okay" You are crying now. You begin to wrap the collar around my neck.
As you secure the buckle someone hands you a lock from the bag. I nod.
"Go ahead, please" I beg, You giggle. You lock the collar and attach the leash. I feel like I am going to explode, both with joy and my cock is about to burst from... well everything.
"Hey You should have your slave kiss your boots." A stranger calls out.
You stand up sharply and glare at source.
"He is my fiancé, partner. Not my slave!!!!!" You protest powerfully.
I kiss your boots. They taste soo sweet. You offer me your hand telling me to stand up. We kiss and embrace passionately.
"You didn't have to do that mike." You whisper in my ear. I nuzzle closer.
"Yes I did..... You are my everything, Mistress" You gently slap me.
"Stop that. We are a couple." You inform me.
I nod. "Hey I have been your slave since I first saw you cleaning out the office for me." I pull you tighter to me, our faces touching. "You fulfill me."
Holding hands, with you also holding my leash, enter the club. The hostess shows us to a secluded booth to the side, and brings us a complimentary bottle of champagne. We snuggle close to each other, holding each other.
"Uhm Amy err Mistress?" I whisper. " I have a problem. ". You look at me as if you realize the spell has been broken, and I have come back to rationality. "What's wrong?"
"You have no idea how turned on I am, but I can't seem to get my cock to adjust... It seems desperate" You put a finger on my lips. You move away looking for something, as you do the waitress comes by and closes the drapes, giving us privacy.
You straddle my knees, and begin to unzip my jeans. First the left side, then the right side. You pull the leather codpiece down exposing my metal imprisoned penis. Which you tap playfully as you dangle the key. My cock is pressing against every bar of the cage. It hurts soo much, but feels good. "Matt's idea so you didn't have any uhm accidental lift ." You bend over open your mouth and take it in. I squirm and squeal. "OH please!!" I cry out. You come up and kiss me, I can taste my pre cum. Our breathing is heavy as you reseal my cock in its leather cocoon. "Not yet, slut"
Matt and his wife stop by to congratulate us and you invite them to join us. I notice he is now with no shirt, but a harness. His wife has an elegant collar around her neck. We thank him and return to our own world.
After a little bit of small talk, and as the momentary euphoria drops.
"Amy I have to ask you something." I am sitting up.
"What, babe?" you ask.
"I'm confused ...partially because there is no brain in my head." I say. "What's happened tonight? Did you plan this to make me your slave? Are you telling me that I don't make you happy?" My voice trails off.
You snuggle up to me and embrace me close, our heat is off the charts. You pull my head to your breasts.
" No I didn't plan for things to go this far. I knew you would be uncomfortable and that we'd step out of our comfort zone, but it was a dare. I never thought about being a Domme, or You as my slave. You have to believe me, things just got out of control." I look at you concerned, scared.
"A couple weeks ago I ran into Matt and Natalie at the store. They asked if we wanted to check this new club out, I said loud clubs weren't our thing. You know Matt,... he started giving me grief about how we act like a teenage couple, but spend all our time as home bodies. He said we were the most vanilla couple he ever saw." You see me starting to tense... the instinct to protect my girlfriend.. I mean Mistress' honor.
The waitress opens the curtains leaving some water.
"No babe, he said he couldn't believe how in love we are. Just he can't believe how passionate we are without some...spice. I told him we have our own heat, and don't need any spice." I look at you. Your red lips and eyes suggest you are being genuine.
"I'm sorry if I failed to make you feel special, made things boring. If I made you feel you couldn't be you." I feel myself sinking.
"No No NO .. oh GOD NO!!! I am never bored around you. You Do make me feel special, oh soo horny and special. I told him that"
" But this change, tonight it.." You slap my face (god I am learning to yearn for your slaps)
"Stop. Let me finish....... Slut" You say sternly but start laughing. " Hey I like this, this is fun."
I look at you intently.
"As I said Matt was razzing me about how "we lacked adventure" and are soo plain, I think he called us 'vanilla'. I told him he was full of it. So, he dared me that we would never come to a club like this, let alone wear leather in public." Matt and Natalie nod.
"This morning when I got to the hair stylist something clicked and I decided I wanted something different, and told her about my comment to you about shaving my head-this is the product. After I was done I called Matt and told him to fuck off we would take his dare."
"Yes she did. That fiancé of yours has quite the mouth" I hear Matt.
"Mistress! " I correct. You look at me very sternly, and smack my heads. The metal encased one pleading for release.
"Fiancé, first. Mistress second." You correct me
"So, Matt bet me two weeks in Hawaii if we showed up tonight, well I took the bet. Then I realized I didn't have anything to wear. While you were napping Natalie and I went shopping. Then I realized you needed an ensemble, so we got you a few things. I guess it's your engagement present."
Matt pipes up " I meant leather jackets and being dropped off, not parading around all of downtown like a pair of deviant, fetish.."
You Raise your Gloved hand like you are going to slap Matt, who recoils. You strike me playfully. "Only my boy gets to feel my glove. Where was I..."
Natalie smacks his head and covers his mouth "... magical couple." She declares. They kiss.
"Oh Mike shopping was such a fun experience. Please We have to back there, but you will have to be locked up .. for your protection." I look at you enthralled.
"When I got to your place you were out cold, so I decided I would surprise you. Man you sleep soundly. After I got dressed I decided to get you ready. The whole time I was dressing you I was so sure you were going to wake up. Butttt noooo you were dead to the world. I even made down there presentable." You pat my codpiece.
" You had a pretty good hard on, what were you thinking about?"
"You." You look at me incredulously, thinking I was just saying what I should.
" Seriously, I was imagining what I thought would happen tonight. Us on the patio of the steakhouse, music playing in the background, me on one knee proposing."
"Stop It. You weren't" your voice shakes. You slap me.
"No, seriously I was... Ahh the best laid plans." I laugh.
You blush, press my face between your gloves and kiss me soo deeply I can't breathe.
Amy continues. "To be safe I called my cousin to play chauffer, and he agreed. I can't tell you how special our stroll was. I have never felt soo alive. Thank you for that!" You plant a huge kiss.
"But what about the leather shop? My caged cock? Collar? Tattoo shop. It seems like you had this planned."
"The leather shop is where Natalie, and I went today, as I said we needed clothes. Blame Matt for the cage, he thought it would be funny and after what I saw tonight... prudent. The Tattoo shop seriously was just a coincidence, just a situation of any port in a storm- I really did need to pee. I never expected you to get pierced. You bad boy" You twist my nipples hard. I smile.
" I don't know why, but as we walked something came over me, I began to feel this power sweep over me. It was like I was a new woman, and well I lost control."
"I noticed" I say. "It made me feel safe."
You take a deep breath your breasts heaving teasing me. " About the collar .. Natalie suggested it as proof we won the bet. If we had it when we got home then it would prove we were here and got in. So we had it delivered here. When we got here I realized it was over the line sorry."
"I never expected you propose. For things get out of sooo insanely out of control I mean who proposes like that?"
I move down to my knees before you as Matt moves the table to make room.
" I do, Mistress." I begin kissing the toes of your boots, then move up each leg, starting on the inside... then the outsides. I feel a slight tug on the leash and look up. You are giving me a glance that mixes both confusion transforming to joy mixed with utter desire. As I start kissing your inner thigh I feel your legs pressing against my head, and moving it slightly left and right in rhythm with your moving. I find the top of your zipper and start to pull; looking up at you I see you nod in desperate desire. Having received permission, I continue to unzip your jeans and I move in.
With my newly installed tongue ring I begin to explore your dripping pussy. I feel your hands press my head tighter, your legs squeezing tighter. After a few minutes I hear you moan loudly and buck as you reach orgasm. I use my tongue to clean up. You taste like the sweetest wine, You bend over and we share.
You pull me to my feet, and I stand on rubbery legs, then fall next to you. After we cuddle for a few minutes, recovering our composure. I help you up and we go exploring the club hand in hand, with Matt and Natalie acting as guides. I hadn't realized they were part of this scene, but nothing shocks me tonight.
The front area it appears like a very upscale night club complete and in fact is a public night club. There are with several private booths like ours, with a large dance floor in the middle. While the crowd is dressed more edgy than your typical nightclub, no couple is as brazen as we are.
As we walk around we notice there appears to be another part, separated from the nightclub area by a mirrored wall. As the four of us approach the security guard nods at Natalie and allows us to pass. When we pass through, we discover a series of rooms around the perimeter and off to the side some open spaces. Knowing we aren't into the play scene and afraid we'd be shocked, Matt pipes up: " Oh guys I'm so sorry, I didn't know they were going to make it a play club, at least yet. They keep the two spaces very separate, so people not into play can enjoy themselves."
We stop at the first room where a woman is hanging from a cross while her lover is caning her back. A few doors down there is a couple engaging in rope play. The next room has a Domme flogging her sub as he counts. The other play areas are filled with different forms of play from sensory to fire play. People not playing are either dancing or observing. Eventually our hands separate, and you lead me only by the leash. You smile at me, proud but lusting.
Matt starts to explain the etiquette of this part of the club. The only problem we are against the wall by an empty play space, devouring each other. After a few minutes, I move from your lips to work on your breasts, kneading kissing sucking and teasing each nipple. Then I drop to my knees and start working on your clit through the leather. You pull down the zipper and force my face into place. My tongue starts exploring, teasing flicking, then penetrating. Your body is writhing as you moan, I feel your boots on my back, pressing hard. Your juices on my tongue let me know I am getting into the zone. Not wanting for this to end I slow down... Your kicks tell me to speed up.. my pace speeds up. You tense and then explode. You try to control yourself but still let out a loud moan of satisfaction as my mouth and face are flooded with your nectar. Reluctantly I pull away. You bend over and start licking the excess juices with long erotic strokes. The crowd that has gathered around us applauds the show.
"OHHHH!!!! You fantastic pervert!" You gasp. "MY slut." You declare.
Natalie turns to her partner, "I don't think they heard you, Matt" They laugh.
The next morning finds us still intertwined in our leathers on the floor of my duplex. Matt and his wife asleep on the couch, similarly entangled. I stare at you -- this beautiful leather tigress who burst to life last night. I begin to stroke your hair and stubble. As you wake up I move in and we kiss.
"Good Morning." I whisper begging ". Please let me cum My cock hurts"
"Awe poor pervert" You grab my still caged cock, your juices covering the metal constraint. "Just so you know I am not holding you to your proposal last night. Things got pretty intense, and strange.. completely out of control. I know you were just caught up in the moment. I am Soo sorry to have put you through that." As you talk your voice begins to break with guilt.
"No I meant it. Mean it. I'm sorry I wanted it to be more... "I struggle for the word. "more romantic, not some fetish spectacle" You stop me.
" Stop!! Seriously, Mike you don't have to do this. Don't be chivalrous for me, I won't be mad. I know it my fault." Your voice cracking. "We can go back to the way things were and ..." and put your head against my chest.
" But I did mean it, Mmistress.." You look at me trying to see if I am being honest.
"Stop" you command. I pull you closer.
"Look, last night was overwhelming and definitely out of control, well except for Your cock which is still trying to make a prison break." The attempt at levity doesn't work.
"We crossed into something new which I don't understand. But I think we both know we can't go back. You can't go back." I state objectively. "This is the real You. I'm just sorry I kept you from being truly happy before, failing you." Now my voice is breaking.
You look at me fearfully, tears starting to roll. "You never failed me. I was happy, truly happy before last night, I got caught up in my own fantasy and pushed you too far." I lick the tear away and pull you tighter to reassure you.
"Yes, you did push me... pushed me off a cliff, or more precisely devoured your prey." A small wry smile. "BUT because you did I am absolutely certain about two things." I rub your cheek tenderly. You look at me with some desperation.
"First, I love you with all my being. To be clear, I decided yesterday morning after you left that last night was the night to pop the question." I declare confidently. "When you drove off I thought what if I never saw that browned haired sweet angel again? I knew my life would be over, so I knew it was time." I grin like a Cheshire cat.
"I just didn't realize that it was the last time I saw her, only to be replaced by the most beautiful, sexy powerful., did I mention sexy tigress? I just envisioned popping the question a bit differently, more traditionally romantic.. more roses.. less fetish leather and sexual frustration."
"It was definitely memorable." You interrupt. I look down a little pensive.
You pull my chin up so you can look at me directly in the eye. "It was perfect. The most romantic thing I have ever seen. You are Soo perfect. I just want you to understand I know you were caught up in the heat of the moment." We clutch each other desperately.
"Do you mean calling you Mistress, or my leather tigress, or?" I inquire.
You smack my head. " Be serious, marriage is a lifelong commitment. You are my partner, soulmate I can't lose you. We had a fantasy but now we have to get back to reality."
You reach over to unlock the collar. "We should have taken this off when we got home. I'm sorry."
My hands move up to stop you. "Please don't take it off." I am searching for the right word. "Mistress. "
You tense. " Stop that Mike, this isn't time for playing around."
"SECOND, we both know we can't go back. You can't go back. This is the real you, Mistress." You seem to glow when I call you Mistress, accepting your true self.
"I can't to go back either. I don't want to go back. I desperately want to be your partner, your slave. I want to figure this new life out WITH you."
You relax as you accept the genuineness of my words and tone. Our foreheads meet and
"I was being honest last night when I said I knew it when I first saw you, ...........................you are my soulmate. I want to spend the rest of my life with you, the real you. Please let me wear your collar, Mistress." My voice gets bolder so I can declare to the world -or at least to the couple that got us into this.
"Please let me be your slave. Please be my Mistress and Wife."
Finally, my sincerity comes through. You realize that this is real.
"Yes, Yes you may! There is definitely no turning back for us. My Slave."
We have discovered the true selves, selves we never even know existed. There is a new level of joy and confidence in your voice.... The joy of discovering a truth. With that you pull the key from your corset, remove my codpiece and unlock my cage.
"Let's see what your.... I mean MY cock thinks about our new life." It immediately springs to full engorgement, it's the hardest it has been, and it hurts.. precum oozing.
"I guess it likes the idea" You laugh.
You straddle me with your leather boots pressing against my jeans. You reach down and slowly pull your zipper from your waist down through your legs with your right hand, with your left you wipe up the oozing juice, take a taste. You wipe up some more and then dab it on your stubble and breasts ohh so seductively, offering me a taste afterwards. As you position yourself and mount me I start licking first your breasts then your buzz cut. You squeal and giggle.
"Get a ROOM YOU PERVERTS " Matt cheers.
"FUCK OFF!!! .....And Damn it YES WE ARE!!" We say in unison.
Even though we know we have an audience in our home we don't care. We attack each other with abandon. Your passion is fiercer than a tigress as you try to devour me, and I try to keep up. As you get close your breathing quickens, moans deeper. Finally as we explode in orgasm You scream- I smile seeing your ecstasy.
For the rest of the day we fuck all over the duplex, (yes, we fuck- this is pure unbridled lust drive fucking!!) You are marking your territory, Love making will be later. As the sun sets over the back fence we look over the devastation. Exhausted we collapse on the couch, your leather clad boots laying across my lap.
"Amy? " I ask.
"Amy?" You look at me sternly and playfully slap my face twice.
"Mistress?" I smile
"Yes, my slave...?" You say laughing. I blush.
"What was the name of the club last night?"
"STAIRWAY to LEATHER" you say.
"How appropriate" I smile. You look down and notice your boots are covered with our juices.
" Clean my boots you pervert" You say jokingly.
"Yes Mistress" I bend over and begin to use my tongue to clean your boots.
" Oh GOD your tongue is soo good. I could get used to this"
After a few minutes you pull on my leash. And pull me in for a kiss.. "mmm that's yummy"
We sit on the couch snuggling, still in our leathers, exhausted contemplating the transformation we have undergone.
From nowhere Matt pipes up. "We're so glad for you two."
Startled, you respond: "YOU GUYS ARE STILL HERE?"
With my gloved hands, I massage your neck.
"Yes, we were too shocked to leave plus we were afraid of what the neighbors would see. Man you guys are hornier than... two rabbits."
You pipe up correcting him: "A tigress devouring her slave." We laugh and kiss. You rub my cock, I mean your cock.. it responds. "Right now, I don't care what the neighbors think."
You hold up the chastity device teasingly.
"If you're done, and you want to lock Your cock." I say.
You look at me and ask, "Are you sure?"
I nod. "it actually feels cool, it reminds me that it's your cock now."
"My pervert" You declare.
In front of our friends You push my legs apart and pull the ring over my balls and then push my shaft through. Next you force the cage on. After giving it a kiss you lock it in place. Then pull the leather pouch in place.
Natalie pipes up "Sorry, you inspired us. I got hungry too... very hungry. You two are sooo bad." she winks at you. We notice the cushions are no longer even near the couch. "Oh yeah, we also made you some food to eat to keep your strength up."
Matt pipes up "Guys seriously, Congratulations, Natalie and I couldn't be happier for you two. You have truly epic romance. Sorry I doubted it" Natalie is smiling, her eyes tearing up like a mother tiger seeing her cub blossom into full power and beauty. "We can give you some help with the Dom/Slave etiquette, and how to train. "
You reply "Thanks guys. Thanks for everything, but We are going to have to talk. We need to figure out how make this work for us."
Natalie pulls Matt's arm. "Come on my sweetie." They head for the door.
As they walk away they snuggle. When they get out the door she jumps up and wraps her legs around Matt's waist and arms around his neck. They kiss as she rides him home.
You turn to me and say "WE definitely have to talk about this Babe. We need to figure this out. I really mean it. You are my partner, pillar and I don't want to turn you into some passive spineless lapdog, like we read about on porno sites. You are too important, without You as You I am incomplete."
I stroke your face and fuzz "We will figure it out, invent our own reality." I say reassuring. "Just know I am, and have been your slave BECAUSE I love you"
You pipe up " Also we have to do some shopping." I give a confused look.
"Shopping? Natalie said they made us.." You put your leather hand over my mouth and squeeze it shut,.
"We can't wear these outfits every day. We need to go back to the shop get some outfits for the rest of the week, and maybe a few other things." You grind against me and kiss my crotch.
"Also, we need to get rings?"
"Oh, crap I'm so sorry I forgot to give you the ring." You twist my nipples, and wink. I get the message. "Maybe I'll just give it to you later"
"I Love You Mistress, my leather goddess." I whisper to you.
You collapse into me purring. "Tigress!" you add.
"I love you, Mike I mean slave." we drift off to sleep.