Written by
LAHomedog and Eva_Adams
Appreciated cowriting this with a more experienced writer, LAHomedog. This is about six close, female friends, who replace their normal book club gathering with a sex toy and new vibrators party. It was hard to categorize as the group interactions test, but remain within the bounds of their longtime friendship. If you are looking for hardcore swinging couples or lesbian sex, this one is not for you. But if you are looking for a fun, sexy story with a lot of new experiences and orgasms please enjoy. Thank you for reading our story.
My friend Anita was sitting on my living room couch testing all 12 settings of a high-tech vibrator in the palm of her hand. The top half was pink, the bottom - which held the controls - was white and I've got to admit it looked like fun.
Susan kept giggling as Lauren and Linda offered ideas on what to try next. For a moment I wondered whether I somehow should be stopping this. Instead, I went into my kitchen to get the cheese plate I prepped earlier from the fridge, grabbed another bottle of wine, and a corkscrew. With the wine under my arm, I somehow balanced the plate back into my living room and onto the coffee table.
At that point, Anita had brought the vibrator up to her cheek and was theatrically moaning as if she was having an orgasm and the room was howling with snorts of laughter.
The party in lieu of our normal book club meeting was all Kate's idea. The concept was like one of those makeup or kitchenware parties where a sales rep offered discounts to the lady hosting a small party for her friends to shop. Only this party was to test out sex toys. Chef tools, sex toys, sort of the same thing. Both could get a woman excited.
And Kate was not even here yet! The diva, as usual, was running late. She got the idea after we read "50 Shades of Grey" in our book club last month, though I suspect she mostly wanted the free gift bag she'd get as my co-hostess. And then she came bursting into the house.
"Helo-o-o-o-w!!" she exuberantly shouted out. "I'm here girls!" boomed down the hall. And Kate sashayed into the living room holding a canvas bag full of wine bottles in one hand and blowing kisses around the room with the other. Large diamonds were framing her face on ears and neck setting off movie star looks, scarlet red lipstick and long, flowing, wavy black hair that was perfectly coifed as usual.
Kate has been the star and the center of attention forever.
As the first girl in a family of boys, she was always the center of attention in her home growing up. Pampered by her dad, and obviously her mom's favorite.
And that superstar aura continued outside of the house too. Maybe it was because of having so many brothers she was a good athlete, a star in our youth soccer league, a great student, and the girl everybody wanted to eat lunch with at school.
Somehow we became best friends. I mean I was always the wingman - would that be wing-girl? - even in elementary school. Everyone needs a best friend and Kate chose me.
You can imagine how the story goes from there.
As the belle of the ball she had her pick of the boys, and yes, eventually married the college's star quarterback. He didn't make it in the pros, but he did make it in his dad's construction company where he was now the Chief Project Manager. They lived in a beautiful McMansion just up the hill from my husband and I. The four of us are now best friends together.
Kate looked around the room. If she was the belle of the ball, and I was the BFF, Anita was our oversexed slut who liked the fellas and lived for her pussy. Only a couple years older than us in her mid-30s, she was already working on her third marriage. Hell, she made out like a bandit in the two divorces. Her current husband, Frank, was a nice enough shlub, I guess.
A few weeks back over white wine at lunch Anita whispered to me that she had developed a thing for black lovers with big cocks. BBC is what they call it in porn. She had been making a cuckold of poor Frank, meeting these well hung studs in motel rooms and made Frank sit in the corner and watch as the she sucked her lover's gigantic cock then let him fuck her more than once, however he wanted to including her ass. I'm not sure if she allowed him to get himself off in corner or not.
Lauren, the school teacher, was a pretty blonde with nice tits and a couple of kids. She was also the one who organized our book club and usually picked the next book to read. She and Jim married when they were only 18 and 19, respectively, and took each others' virginity. They were secret swingers sowing their wild oats in the "lifestyle." They had just gotten back from a week down at some swingers camp in Galveston, Texas. None of us had heard the juicy details yet.
Linda was our class clown. She had a big mop of curly brown hair, big brown eyes with the boobs and buns to match. Sadly, she had been left at the alter in her mid-twenties. She had a sense of humor about it, fortunately, but that didn't stop her from taking it out on men ever since. I heard that she had a wardrobe of harnesses and a drawer full of dildos of every shape and size. Sherry, the bartender at the Red Chimney down the street told me she had seen Linda with a hot blonde a few weeks back. I guess that girlcock had started to swing both ways. But who cares. Each to his own I always say, and no one was funnier than Linda, which she was proving right now with Anita and the vibrator. Just between us girls, I'll admit I did wonder what it would be like to be the one with the cock in bed just once.
And last but not least, Susan was our lovely, insecure petite blonde in the glasses with the big boobs that she was always trying to hide. The problem was she had an abusive alcoholic father who never sexually abused her, but mentally abused the hell out of her, telling her she was dumb, ugly, would never come to anything and no man would ever want to marry her.
I took her under my wing our first year in high school when I saw her sitting by herself in the lunchroom. I went over, said hi and asked her over to the popular girls table. Well, you know, Kate's table, and she had been part of the gang ever since. I am happy to say that her dad was wrong. She was not dumb, made something of herself in business, and Kevin swept her off her feet after meeting at a work Christmas party. They had three beautiful children, she was a great mom, the President of the PTA, a great organizer, and a good friend to us all.
Kate looked at me extending the canvas bag my way and said, "Jenn, be a dear and take these in the kitchen and open up two or three of theses babies" and gave me a smile.
I did and when I came out the girls were howling and Anita now had the vibrator under her pleated, plaid skirt and I didn't know if the orgasm was still pretend or now real as Kate egged her on shouting, "You go girl! you go girl!" encouraging the rest to chant the same. I looked at my living room watching five women shouting, "You go girl, you go girl!" as my friend Anita was cumming like there was no tomorrow, shouting, "That's it.! That's it! That's it!" over and over and over from the vibrator under her skirt in front of five other women including me.
"Wow!" said Linda. "That orgasm was large enough to have its own zipcode. Give me that vibrator!" and everyone started laughing hysterically as Anita was leaning back totally spent was panting and recovering from one of the largest orgasms of her life.
As everyone giggled and went on about Anita's performance, Kate reached into her burnt orange Kate Spade satchel and pulled out a paper bag.
"Truth or Dare! We are going to play truth or dare during this party. That's my plan. We all have a vibrator, right?"
Heads nodded.
"Each is different and none of us know exactly what we each have right?" Kate asked to more nodding.
"We can either use our own new toy or ask anyone to swap theirs on demand. Sort of a Secret Santa vibrator party - are you up for it?" Kate asked, looking around noting most people said yes or nodded.
"I took the liberty to write out some questions and dares in this bag," Kate said, dramatically holding it up to her cheek and gesturing as if she were selling it on that QVC shopping channel.
"OK. I'll start. Lauren - truth or dare - pick one," and she reached into the bag and pulled out a slip of paper folded over in two.
"Well, open it and read it already," instructed Kate.
Lauren flipped open the card and read, "What's the most embarrassing item someone found in your bag or purse?"
"Recently or when I was young?" Lauren asked.
"Either," Kate said.
"My mother decided to do laundry during my first trip home after Jim and I got married. So she rifled through our suitcases guessing at what was laundry and then wanted to discuss a pair of black, faux leather crotchless panties she found," Lauren said as everyone giggled and laughed.
"But that's not even machine washable!" said Kate.
"Exactly," said Lauren.
"But you were married - it's none of her business," Anita said.
"Yes this upbringing is why I'm repressed - was repressed," Lauren said.
"Well you're anything but repressed now!" Anita said. "This is worse. My most embarrassing find was when the TSA found my big black vibrator in my carryon on my last trip to Jamaica. I didn't care, but my husband looked like he wanted to crawl under the table."
"Did they really think it was a weapon?" Kate said.
"No. It probably didn't help when I said 'Oh shit Frank, they found Bosco!'" The guy who found it was pretty buff, a real stud - looked like he was ex-military. I was so hoping for a reprimand," Anita said dramatically, as the room erupted in more laughter.
Lauren held out the bag and Linda reached into the bag and pulled out a truth and flipped it open.
"What's it like to use a strapon?" Linda read aloud. "Hey is this rigged. Kate did you put this on top for me?"
"Just luck of the draw," Kate said.
"Well, it gave me a new appreciation for men who are good lovers," Linda said.
"Yeah, right," Kate said rolling her eyes.
"But is it hot?!" asked Anita, of course.
"Yeah it's really hot. Why do you think I do it? And with the right dildo I can get off too, and that is even hotter. Getting off while fucking someone with a cock. You have no idea, girlfriends!" and she put her head down, looked up over hooded eyes, and gave us all a devilish look.
"However, really, truly," she continued, "It's more work than you think physically. Not only that, also the responsibility and care. It's not like you can feel anything, so you are really reading the other person and gauging what to do next."
"Boring, next!" said Kate, who was hoping for much more detailed, interesting answer - not that she was likely to talk her husband into it. He'd already vetoed the idea once.
She passed the bag to Susan, who held it out for me.
"Truth - What sexual encounter is your biggest regret?" I read.
"Really? OK, we all agreed to play," and I gave Kate a "thank you" look.
"Actually it's one that never happened," and I paused mustering up the courage to go on. "Well, I got cold feet. My roommate and I lived in a house just off campus and other students would stop by on the way home at night for a bowl of curry. She made the best curries."
"Anyway, he was this totally hot grad student with braids down his back, amazingly chiseled abs we remembered from the beach, whose bathing suit failed to hide the biggest cock I had ever seen. He tried to talk us into a threesome after dinner."
"Oh, yes!" said our swinger Lauren. Probably recalling a few of her own memories.
"Was your roommate into it?" Kate asked.
"Seemed that way. Yeah, most definitely," I said. Kate gave an exasperated sigh. "Shit, Jennn. What I'm I going to do with you?" and nodded at Susan, who passed the bag to Lauren.
"Hey if you want a do over on a threeway, just say the word," Lauren said with a devilish wink.
I held the bag out for Susan.
She said, "Gosh, it looks like we are into the threesome round. This asks, who in this room would you have a threesome with and why?" Susan read, looking around the room nervously then finally gestured at me with a shrug.
"I'm hurt!" Lauren said. "Why?"
"Kevin likes redheads," Susan said.
"That's the only reason?!" I said. "Nothing about you and me?"
"Well, you would scare me the least - more my speed and sensibilities," said Susan.
I pouted, "Not even a little hotness?"
"Oh, of course," Susan smiled. "Everyone here and all of the guys think you're hot. Get out of here."
And we laughed.
Susan held out the bag for Kate.
"Your turn Kate. I hope you pick a juicy one."
"Anything I pick is always juicy," chuckled Kate and we all laughed.
"What's the one thing you've done in bed that you never would do again?" Kate read, and took a sip of wine, thinking.
"Honey." Kate said.
"Yes dear?" Lauren joked.
"No, I mean honey. You know the stuff made by bees?! It looked romantic in that movie 9 ½ weeks. My college boyfriend put it on my tits to lick it off, so much fun at first - until it got all through my hair that was even longer back then. I didn't notice until I was stuck to the pillowcase at 3am. Getting it out was hell."
"Did you try cider vinegar?" I asked.
"Well where were you that night?" Kate said.
"Just one floor down in the dorm. If I recall, you forgot to invite me on your movie night, I guess," I said, pretending to pout.
"Well I'll keep that in mind for my next catastrophe," Kate said.
"You're up Anita," Lauren said holding out the bag.
"Dare - pick a challenger and using only the vibrator (yours or someone else's) see which one of you comes first," Anita read, howling with laughter.
"Well Lauren, you will be joining me on this, show me what you got."
Lauren held out a mini rabbit vibrator that rotated.
"Definitely switch," Anita said, handing Lauren the pink and white one she had cum with earlier. "Trust me. It's a keeper!"
"This isn't fair I wore the wrong outfit for this," Lauren said gesturing to her white linen pants.
"Just turn up the setting - or take 'em off," Anita said.
Lauren shrugged, stood up, unzipped her pants, and pulled them down for us swinging her hips around give all of us a little strip tease show revealing a small red lace thong with a rose delicately embroidered on the front.
"Oh. I'm jealous. I want those!" shrieked Linda.
Lauren folded her pants across the back of my dining chair and then leaned over the ottoman, her splendid ass high in the air, spreading her legs wide so we all could see that thanks to that small thong, she waxes and was completely bare.
I'll admit I admired the tramp stamp on the small of her back. A small 4 inch vine of roses slightly curved up.
"This feels like we're in a sorority," Lauren said. "What do we get if we win?"
"Your next turn, the satisfaction of helping your friends test these out, and if you're lucky, an orgasm" Linda said.
"To hell with that. Win or not, I'm having an orgasm!"
Linda turned to Kate and asked, "Are you starting them or should I?"
"Hold on, hold on," Kate said loudly, flipping to the stopwatch setting on her phone. "On your mark, set, go!" she said as the two vibrators hummed to life, singing with different pitches.
Anita's skirt flapped over the rabbit, that grew quieter as it no doubt entered her judging from the now muffled humming and gasp.
Lauren brazenly moved her thong aside showing everyone her hairless pussy and placed the pink vibrator right on the nub of her clit, let out a low moan and started grinding her hips. Susan looked away from the full view of Lauren's perfectly rounded ass and then got up to grab wine to help refill glasses.
"You okay sweetie?" I asked as the garnet liquid shook into my glass with a splash. I noticed her hand tremble as if she was the one holding a vibrator.
"Just glad she picked Lauren," Susan said with a slight laugh and sat back down with some cheese and crackers, sharing the plate with me.
"I think you need some help or we'll be here all night," Linda said, kneeling between Anita's thighs and stroking them lightly with her fingers and then leaning forward to trace the same path with her tongue.
"Hey - that's not fair!" Lauren said. "If we're still having a contest," but I could hear the rapid panting in her voice.
"I've got you babe," Kate said, kneeling behind Lauren and stroked her back. "Now just imagine I have one of Linda's strapons," she said as she spooned around Lauren's back and butt and added her weight as they together thrust against the ottoman and vibrator.
Seconds later Lauren was screaming her hips jerking back suddenly and sending Kate tumbling to sit on the carpet in a peel of laughter.
"We wo-o-on!" Kate said. Lauren collapsed against the ottoman breathing hard.
Linda's breasts brushed the length of Anita's thighs as she moved her head from under her skirt and sat back on her heels.
Anita sighed and sat up readjusting her skirt.
"Okay you two, next," she said gesturing toward Susan and me.
"I think a bit more wine for everyone first. Don't you all agree?" I guessed right. Everyone did. We open a couple more bottles and poured all around. I was thinking to myself that a lot of Advil was going to be taken later.
"Okay," and I pulled out a card, "Crawl across the living room floor from the kitchen door to the person on your left and suck their toes in a sexual and suggestive way for five minutes."
"Really?!"
"Hey," said Linda, whose toes we were talking about here. "For some folks this is a real fetish. I dated a guy for a while who had to admire and play with my feet for sometimes hours before he would let me fuck him. And I mean fuck him," she smiled. My toes had to be in this exact shade of red. Chanel's Le Vernis in Rouge. Without that, the poor guy couldn't get an erection. Actually it was pretty hot."
"I think I'll take my chances with an actual question," I said.
"Nope," said Kate. "You picked it. You won it Jenny, honey."
I turned to Linda, "Have you had a pedi recently and how clean are you toes? Yuck."
"Well, it looks like you are about to find out on your own." She pointed towards my kitchen door. "Get over there, sweetheart, and start crawling."
I walked over there, looked at Kate and said, "When this is over you know I am going to murder you in your sleep."
"Drop and start crawling, Jennn," Kate commanded.
I did and started to crawl towards Linda's foot as the girls went crazy shouting and egging me on like a bachelorette's party. Meanwhile, Linda had taken her sandal off, lifted leg up a bit and was shaking her foot around like she was doing the Hokey-Pokey.
I got in front of her. She wiggled her foot towards my face and said, "Do it like you mean it."
So I did. I grabbed hold of her foot, slowly moved to her big toe like it was the head of a guy's cock and started to suck on it as if I was giving it a blowjob.
I didn't know how to suck a toe, but I knew how to suck a cock.
I moved my tongue out and began to lick around it, grabbed her foot and sucked her toe in and started to move up and down and my hand pumped her foot like a cock's shaft.
My eyes were closed and I heard Linda starting to breathe a bit harder. As a matter of fact, I thought I heard more than one woman panting a bit harder around the circle.
I figured it was around 5 minutes and I felt I had served my time, so I started to back off. Linda grabbed my head and shouted. "No. Don't stop!"
I looked up and I didn't realize that Linda was going at it without a vibrator rubbing one out.
"Really don't stop. Please don't stop."
So I didn't, and in a few moments I heard a very loud, "Yes!" as Linda came very hard.
Hmmm. That was interesting. From sucking her toes? Humans and sex are a complicated thing for sure.
At least her toe didn't cum in my mouth.
I needed some wine to swirl around and sanitize my mouth.
I took a very big drink. And then another.
Linda was coming down. "Wow, that was surprisingly hot. Thanks, Jennn."
"I'd say anytime, but not!!"
And everyone laughed.
Kate looked at Susan and said, "You have the last turn little one."
Susan reached in, opened her card and read, "Select anyone's toy that you want to try and use it until you cum."
"Yeah well, that's not going to happen. We'd be here all night if we were waiting on me," Susan said.
"What do you mean?" Lauren asked.
"Are you saying it's hard for you to cum?" Anita said.
"More like, maybe, never," Susan mumbled her shoulders hunched making her large breasts seem even less noticeable.
"Wait you mean you've never --" Linda said.
"Orgasmed?!" Kate asked. "Really, never? Not even by yourself?"
"Not - I don't think - that I know of. Actually, no." Susan said, the room suddenly quiet.
"Oh honey," Linda said, scooting across the carpet to hug Susan. Susan dropped her head to Linda's shoulder.
"Here," Kate said, bringing Susan her glass of wine, which Susan tipped back in one gulp.
Lauren brought a cocktail napkin and dabbed Susan's eye. "Shh, it's okay, we're here."
"Let us help," Linda said, soothingly.
"You've done the hard part. You've had 3 beautiful kids," Kate said. "Time to enjoy the gift that God gave you."
Lauren chimed in, "With your best friends and fellow moms. Don't worry. We've got your clit, I mean your back," and she smiled.
Susan sniffed and nodded. I looked at her raising an eyebrow, asking if she was sure this was okay, and she met my eyes and nodded again.
"Come here," Lauren said holding Susan's hand and guiding her to the chaise lounge. Lauren laid back with a leg on either side of the long wide chair and drew Susan's back to rest against her chest and stroked her forehead and smoothed Susan's hair that rested on Lauren's shoulder.
Kate knelt on one side of the chaise near Lauren's foot and Anita knelt on the other side of the chaise.
"We need a magic wand for this job. Who's got the magic wand?" Linda demanded.
I did. I had scored the Hitachi Magic Wand, and I handed it over.
"But I want that back when this is over. No kidding. I'm keeping it," and I looked around the room giving them my "I mean business" look.
"So if you like something nod your head, or say yes and I'll continue. If you don't like it shake your head, and I'll stop - or just say stop. Got it?" Linda said.
Susan nodded, not opening her eyes, her legs in her denim wrap around skirt stood out stiff on the chaise as if she was on an examining table.
Lauren then whispered in Susan's ear that was resting near her shoulder. "Take a deep breath in through your nose, hold it for 3-2-1 then breathe out through your mouth. Good, two more."
"Now slide your feet up so your knees are pointing at the ceiling. Keep breathing, now let them fall open to the side. Good," Lauren said.
Lauren made eye contact with Kate and nodded at Susan's legs. Kate touched the ankle near her and began stroking the length of Susan's leg with her full palm, more reassuring than sensual and Anita watched once before joining in on the other leg near her.
"There you go, relax," Lauren said, stroking Susan's blonde hair.
"Wait! Wait!" Susan shouted.
Kate stroked her hair and whispered in her ear. I couldn't hear all of it, but I did make out "It will be alright."
Linda flipped the Magic Wand on to the lowest setting with an intermittent pulse and dotted it from Susan's ankle up to her inner thigh.
"How's that?" Linda asked.
Susan nodded.
Lauren gently took off Susan's glasses and then massaged her forehead, while Linda stroked the vibrator the length of Susan's other leg until it reached the space between her inner thigh, then she dotted it across her cotton panties over her pussy until the wand's wide top rested on Susan's clit.
Susan drew in her breath suddenly and nodded.
Linda took that as a green light to dial up the vibration and to begin trying the other settings.
"Okay which is better? One... or two? One... or two?" Linda asked
"Hmmm... two," Susan sighed, definitely more relaxed.
"Now what do you think? Three... or four?" Linda asked and then repeated to see if Susan liked continuous pulsing or one that paused for a second in between.
"Three - yes - three," Susan said, her voice more excited now.
"This isn't an eye exam," Anita said.
"Just getting some feedback - done with that part," Linda said.
She held the vibrator away for a few seconds as Susan's hips moved looking for it, and then nuzzled it back in deeper against her clit.
Susan's breathing was becoming more rapid and Kate stopped stroking her legs and grabbed her leg off the chaise and hugged it to her chest. Anita did the same, spreading Susan wider and giving the vibrator better access.
Linda leaned forward kneading Susan's thigh with one hand, encouraged that her panties were soaking and starting to drip a bit down her thigh.
"That's it," Lauren said against Susan's ear, and stroking Susan's neck.
"Yes - oh please," Susan said. "Don't stop."
Linda turned the dial and the humming intensified as the room waited in silence as they hugged, stroked and vibrated Susan to the edge wondering if she would find her way to the other side.
I watched Susan's chest heaving up and down as her breathing grew heavier and quicker. I was the only one just looking, not helping as Susan hovered on the brink of an orgasm, her first orgasm.
Once she found her way it would be easier the next time. She just had to make it this once.
Suddenly I knew what to do. I clambered quickly behind the chaise, reached over Lauren's head and grabbed those beautiful round tits through Susan's sweater and squeezed hard flicking her nipples with my thumbs.
"Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh God! Oh God! Oh God. Jesus! Jesus! Sweet Jesus!" Susan started shouting as her hips started rocking back and forth, contracted involuntarily, her pussy pulsing and contracting, her legs shaking as if she was having an epileptic fit, making Anita and Kate almost drop them. But they kept hugging Susan's legs as she panted and Linda cupped her hand around the top of the vibrator to confirm Susan's contractions, nodding happily at the others.
I stepped back as Lauren wrapped her arms under Susan's tits and hugged her closer. "See!"
"It'll be easier next time - now that you know the way there," I said.
We were all giggling and enthusing over Susan, clinking glasses and drinking a toast or two as Susan slowly started to come down from the very first orgasm of her life.
A lot of warm, loving hugs were being exchanged. Linda was giving Susan hers when Kate said, "Wait a minute. Our hostess, Jenn hasn't cum yet.'
"That's OK," I demurred. "As you said I'm the hostess."
"Ahh Kate," our hot slut Anita said. "A hostess is allowed to have fun at her own party, you know."
A couple women started chanting, "Kate and Jenn, Kate and Jenn, Kate and Jenn."
"Definitely not - not with Kate. She's my best friend, and I want to keep it that way. That's not going to happen. Sorry girlfriends," I said.
"I tell you what. How about y'all help me clean up before all of our husbands start coming over and my family comes home?" I said, as I grabbed some glasses. I was ready to wind down the evening and return to some semblance of normal with my friends.
"Gather the empty wine bottles and put them in that box," I gestured with my elbow as my hands were full.
"Absolutely," Susan said, getting up, seemingly relieved to do something familiar too. No doubt I wasn't the only one wondering if this might change anything between us.
"Well, before y'all start being remorseful or repentant about this, I had fun," Kate said. "Hell, I had a great time. Let's have more fun like this, ladies. Tonight was -"
"Raunchy?" Anita said.
"Absolutely," Lauren said. "But I also had fun. Wait 'til I tell Jim. He's going to be jealous as hell. I can't wait!"
"I want to remind everyone of something important," Kate said pausing taking control as usual, waiting until we all turned towards her to listen. "We accomplished something very significant, loving and tender. We helped a friend finally find heaven on earth. I don't know about you guys, but I'm going to remember the blast we had, how much closer we all are now, and our gift to Susan. Don't you agree, Jenn?"
"Yes - fun and educational. Now can we clean this mess up, please?" I asked.
"Errr, about our husbands," Susan asked in her shy way. "Can we agree what happened in this room stays in this room?"
"Yeah! Like Vegas. I'm all for that!" Anita said.
Susan looked at her and said, "Huh?"
"Come on, you know. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas."
Anita picked up the last of the glasses, Linda the rest of the trash, and as everyone piled into the kitchen with replies ranging from "Great idea " to "Absolutely."
"Hey. Maybe we could all go to Vegas on our next group vacation. The boys would like that," said Lauren.
She grabbed paper towels and some lemon ginger scented spray cleaner, wiping until the living room and kitchen looked like it had before their evening began, except for the dish rack on the kitchen counter filled wine glasses, vibrators along with a couple of dildos.
Hopefully they would be dry and in purses before the husbands got there.