In Oceanview, one really cool place I found is this aquatic center they have on the north side of town. Most of the time, when I go swimming, I go to the pool at the fitness center on campus. It's OK, but it's just one normal rectangular pool. The aquatic center though has these fun water slides. Flume slides I think they are called. You climb up two flights of stairs, and you can look out over all the pools, and then you get in, and slide all the way down on this stream of water. The big one curves back and forth. It's like you are on a roller coaster or something.
Anyway, I'd been there once, but I wanted to go back, so I tried to convince Ryosuke to take me. At first, he didn't seem so keen, but anyway, he'd been pestering me to wear my new swimsuit, the ultramarine thong one he'd bought for me. Up until then, he'd only seen me in it the day we got it. I'd been too embarrassed to wear it to the beach. It looks OK from the front I guess, I mean just like a regular one-piece (although the legs are kind of high cut). The problem is the back. There is just this tiny strand of material between my butt cheeks. My bottom is so exposed I swear it feels like I'm not wearing anything at all. To tell you the truth, I didn't want to wear it—I was still pretty shy at that time—but anyway, Ryosuke had got me a cover-up, a fuzzy white terry-cloth hoodie, to go with it, and so anyway, I promised him if he came with me, I'd wear it. I also took a second swimsuit just in case I changed my mind. For the ride there, I wore white sneakers, an orange polo blouse and my fire engine red shorts.
I took the bus up, and met Ryosuke on the way. I know he doesn't like swimming as much as me, but he looked happy. Like I said, he'd been dying to see me in this swimsuit.
We got to the aquatic center, and for some reason, we got in free (maybe the clerk thought I was cute). We went into the change rooms. On the girl's side, there are about four or five small rooms each with benches and coin lockers on the walls. I was still kind of shy (well, most of the time), so I tried to find a change room with no one in it. They were all pretty busy, so I finally settled on the one near the entrance with only this older American lady in it. I found an empty locker, and took out my swimsuit, cover-up and towel from my bag, and laid them all out on the bench.
I felt a bit nervous getting undressed there. The first time I came, it wasn't so bad because I was with one of my American friends, Debbie, but this time there was just Ryosuke, and he was on the other side. I kind of glanced over at the other woman, but she was just minding her own business, so I finally got up the nerve to take my blouse off. I quickly pulled off my skirt and then my underwear, and began pulling on my ultramarine swimsuit, the thong one piece.
When I finally got my swimsuit on, I looked around at the back. It was even worse than I remembered. You could see my whole bottom and a large part of my bare back. The thong was buried deep between the cheeks of my bottom. I tried to pull it out, but it hardly mattered. I pulled on my white hoodie, but it was fairly short, so it didn't really help.
I folded up my clothes, put them in my bag, and then got out a quarter for the coin locker. When I leaned forward to insert the coin, I worried a bit about how I must look with my bare booty showing. The woman didn't really say anything, but still I wondered if she disapproved.
I walked out toward the showers, and realized that I would have to take one. I could hear people's voices from the pool just around the corner. There was an American woman there who had taken off her suit, and was showering in the nude. I wondered if I should do the same. I took off my cover-up, and hung it on this bar in the doorway with my towel. I started to shower with my suit on, but finally got up the nerve to take it off. There were a lot of women passing through. I felt a bit embarrassed standing here naked as they all walked by. Suddenly, I realized I'd left my washcloth in the locker. I decided it would be too much bother to go back for it, so I just used my hands and the body shampoo that was there to lather up. Some women eyed me as they went by, but I tried to ignore them. I finished up my shower, toweled off, and then quickly put my suit and cover-up back on, and went out onto the pool deck.
The center is a really big place with a lot of different kinds of pools. It was a weekend, so it was crowded. At first, I couldn't find Ryosuke, but eventually, he came out. He looked pretty happy. I pulled down the hem of my hoodie, trying to cover my crotch, and playfully hit him.
"What? I was just wondering how you like your new suit," he smiled.
I looked up at him, nervous. There were people staring, so I took his hand, and pulled him over towards the stairs that lead to the top of the slides. I set my towel down on the window sill, and started to go up. The stairs were kind of slippery, so I let go of Ryosuke, and grabbed a hold of the handrail. I walked up a few steps, but when I turned back, Ryosuke was staring at my behind. I put out a hand to cover my butt crack at least, but Ryosuke still seemed pretty excited.
"Are you sure you have your suit on? It looks like you've got no bottoms on," he teased. My face felt hot. I pushed down the hem of my hoodie as best I could, and continued on up the stairs.
On the first deck up, there was the place you get in the small slide and some tables and chairs next to this huge picture window looking out onto the street behind the center. There didn't seem to be many people outside.
I went up the next set of stairs, and got into line to ride down the big slide. There were a couple of boys in line in front of me and the life guard. Ryosuke came up right behind me. I was worried he might try something, but he didn't. Soon, I realized that he was staring at the lifeguard. She was pretty, fit, probably Korean American, and perhaps a bit younger than us. She was wearing a t-shirt over her suit, but it was pretty short, so you could see her crotch.
The lifeguard wasn't looking at us. She was watching the people go down the slide. Still I got more and more annoyed as Ryosuke kept ogling her. I felt so jealous. I have at least as good a body as that.
I nervously ran my fingers along the hem of my cover-up. Maybe I'd better leave it here, and come back for it. I don't want it getting all wet. I took a deep breath, and slowly lifted the hem. Ryosuke snapped out of his daydream, and turned back to look at me. I could feel the cool air all over my body as I peeled off the hoodie. I shivered a bit, because he's quite right; there is almost nothing to this suit especially at the back. It does feel and probably look like I'm naked.
I wanted to pull my hoodie back on, but I wasn't about to lose out to some lifeguard. I shook out my hair, and then peered shyly back at Ryosuke.
"Well, what do you think?" I asked him. Here I was standing two storeys up in full view of the whole pool in this skimpy little excuse for a swimsuit. My heart was pounding. The other times I'd done crazy things, there was usually no one around. That day, the pool was absolutely packed.
I leaned forward to set my cover-up down on the deck. I straightened up, and turned to Ryosuke, but his face had gone white. I blushed even more. A couple of other girls came up the stairs behind us, so we both tried to settle down. I got Ryosuke to stand close behind me to hide my bare bottom from them.
Finally, my turn came. I didn't bother to hide my body from the lifeguard. I wanted her to know that she wasn't the only one who is hot. When she looked at me, she seemed startled a bit, but didn't say anything. She signaled for me to go, and I pushed myself off into the stream of water lying down flat so I could go as fast as possible.
"Weeee!" It was fun. You whiz along through the rafters of the building. At the end, you fall right into the pool, and have to get out of the way quickly so the next person doesn't fall on you. I waded over to the far side, and turned around to wait for Ryosuke.
Some of the guys on the deck had seen me slide down, and were now looking over at me, checking me out. How could they have noticed already? I came flying into the water pretty fast. I guess they must have spotted me when I took off my hoodie upstairs. I turned to watch for Ryosuke, but I could feel their eyes on me. I crouched down into the water to try to hide. The water was pretty clear though so they could probably see my buns under the surface.
Ryosuke came flying down even faster than I did. He claims that he doesn't like water sliders, but I think he must. He smiled when he came up.
"One more time?"
"Sure."
I walked over to the ladder to get out of the pool, but hesitated. There was no way that I would be able to cover up as I pulled myself up the ladder. I looked at Ryosuke, but he just motioned for me to go ahead. I looked over at the guys on the far side of the deck, and sure enough they were staring at me waiting for me to come out. I fiddled with my suit at the back, but it's not like it made any difference.
"C'mon. Let's go," Ryosuke urged, patting me on the bottom. I felt kind of shy being rushed, but I eventually turned, and climbed up the ladder. It felt like everyone was watching me. I scampered onto the deck, and quickly turned around. All these different people, men mostly, were staring right at me! It was pretty embarrassing.
I tried to keep my back to the wall as we walked toward the stairs. Ryosuke doesn't usually touch me in public, but this time he put his arm around my waist. I could feel his soft fingers slipping around on my naked skin. I pulled away because his hand was tickling me. He reached out to grab me again, so I ran away, but one of the lifeguards blew his whistle at me.
"No running on the deck!"
I stopped, and turned back to bow an apology to the lifeguard. As I straightened back up, I even more people turned to stare. I put my hand on my behind feeling for my swimsuit, but all I could feel were the cheeks of my bare behind. For a second, I thought my swimsuit had fallen off, but eventually, I found the strap buried deep in my butt crack. I gave it a little tug to try to coax it out, but I could feel the string working its way up inside my secret place. I started to slide my middle finger down the crack of my bottom, but people were watching. I turned my back to the wall again, but Ryosuke motioned for me to follow him to the stairs for the sliders.
"Stop playing with yourself," he scolded.
"I wasn't..." I couldn't believe it, that he would even think such a thing. I pulled away, and started up the stairs, but when I glanced back at him, he made this silly face. He didn't really believe it after all.
As soon as I made it up to the highest deck, I bent over, and scooped up my cover-up. I was feeling more and more nervous about walking around like that. Should I put it back on?
The same lifeguard was still there. She acts innocent, as if she didn't know her outfit was turning on all the guys. To help the people getting on the slide, she'd turn her back to us, showing us her tush. Her hips were more slender than mine. Her swimsuit was pretty risqué for a lifeguard anyway. I decided to set down my cover-up, and go for another slide.
When I came up again, I knew the guys were still watching me, but I tried to ignore them. I did feel pretty embarrassed as I climbed out of the pool, but I quickly went back up to the deck, and got my cover-up. The Korean lifeguard was kind of eyeing me, but I just ignored her as I pulled on my cover-up. I came back down the stairs. Ryosuke was waiting at the bottom.
"There's a heated pool down at the other end. Do you want to try?" he suggested. He didn't like that I'd pulled my hoodie back on, but anyway, we walked down to the other end.
You had to stand in line for the heated pool. There was another girl lifeguard getting people to line up there, and Ryosuke stared over at her too. She was kind of tall and dark, like someone from the Mediterranean, but she was pretty aloof. He asked her how long we'd have to wait, but she just answered politely,
"Just a few more minutes."
When it was finally our turn, I took off my cover-up, and waded in down this ramp. They had like these jet streams that pour out through holes in the sides. I got up right next to one, and felt the warm water drilling into my bare back. Ryosuke held my hands, and I started kicking my legs as if I was swimming. Apparently, you are not supposed to swim, so Ryosuke eventually told me to stop. I cuddled up next to him, and was just kind of enjoying the warmth.
After a while, I noticed Ryosuke looking behind us at something, and so I turned around to see what it was. There was some Chinese guy sitting in the pool next to us, and his girlfriend was standing at the side talking to him in Cantonese. I looked up at her, and she had on this white bikini with blue polka dots. I soon realized that her suit was a bit see-through. You could see her black pubic hair, and her red nipples pretty clearly. Ryosuke just kept staring at her, and she didn't seem embarrassed at all. In fact, she seemed to be liking the attention. Her boyfriend didn't seem too happy though, so eventually Ryosuke turned back this way.
After our time was up, we went swimming for a while. The Chinese couple started swimming right near us, and they were both pretty good swimmers. I wondered why they kept following us, but I guess it's a small pool.
After we'd been swimming for a while, the lifeguards blew the whistle, and said it was closing time. I couldn't believe they closed so early, but I guess it was a Sunday, and all the lifeguards want to go home. We stayed in the pool as long as we could until one of the lifeguards finally told us to leave. I arranged to meet Ryosuke by the front desk, and went into the women's change room.
First, I had a shower. There were still some people there, some older women and girls, and they were all showering in the nude, so I decided to take my swimsuit off too. I wanted my washcloth and shampoo, so I walked over to the locker room to get them. At that point, I didn't usually walk around change rooms in the nude, so I felt kind of funny. I kept feeling like I should cover up or something, but I didn't, and just tried to enjoy the feeling of roaming around naked.
While I was showering, the Chinese woman came in, and she was kind of looking at me with this strange grin on her face. I thought maybe she was gloating because she'd captured Ryosuke's eye. She took off her suit, and started basking in the shower, kind of flaunting her body. I didn't think she was tht good-looking. She was definitely a lot older than me, maybe around thirty or so, and her tummy stuck out a bit. I looked down at my own body. I have a much thinner waist with a taut little tummy, and the nipples on my breasts are more pinkish than brown. Ryosuke was just looking at you because of your obscene swimsuit. Have you no shame?
I walked back to my locker, without putting my suit back on. As I toweled off, I began to feel happier about my own body. I have long slender legs with smooth skin and almost no body hair except well, you know where. I was sure that Ryosuke likes the way I look. He doesn't say it, but every time I get naked, he always gets excited.
I heard a voice coming from the entrance next to the room where I was changing.
"Emi! Emi!" It was Ryosuke. My heart sped up. I was still naked. I quickly pulled the white hoodie cover-up over my head, and holding my towel in front of my pussy cautiously tip-toed around the corner to the door.
"Emi, are you ready?"
"No, I'm still changing," I whispered back.
"Here, come here." I could feel the air between my legs, and my heart was pounding away, but I moved a bit closer to the door. "You look fine to me. Get your stuff, and let's go."
It was true I had my hoodie on, and had the towel over my pussy, but I wasn't wearing any bottoms. I wasn't covering my backside at all. Behind Ryosuke, I could see the two clean-cut American guys, off-duty lifeguards probably, manning the front desk. I switched to Japanese.
"Under this, I'm half naked," I confessed.
Ryosuke straightened up, his face turning serious. He glanced nervously back at the two guys perhaps wondering if they had understood my Japanese. They seemed annoyed at him for standing at the door of the ladies' change room. One of them cleared his throat perhaps signaling to Ryosuke that he should move back.
"OK, OK, hurry up, and get dressed," Ryosuke urged. He's funny, you know? Whenever I'm worried about getting caught, he's always telling me to strip naked, but then, when I do something daring like this, he gets all nervous, and tells me to cover up. There's no pleasing him.
His nervousness though kind of made me want to tease him more. I looked out into the hall, and there didn't seem to be anyone there except Ryosuke and the two guys at the desk. Trying to get up my nerve, I edged forward, and handed Ryosuke my towel.
"Here, hold this."
I let Ryosuke see my pussy, but the two lifeguards weren't looking this way.
"What are you doing?" he whispered, all frantic.
"I'm just going to get a drink. That's all." I got up my nerve, and then slowly walked out past Ryosuke. Despite my bravado, I felt incredibly embarrassed. I was bottomless, and out now, where the lifeguards might see.
I stepped out into the main foyer, but the feeling of the air on my hello kitty was giving me goose bumps. Ryosuke grabbed for my arm, but I slipped away, and kept on walking toward the fountain. I wasn't sure how far down the hem of my hoodie was hanging, but when I felt for it, I realized it was up around my waist. If those guys look over, they'd see my bare bottom for sure.
I glanced back, but they seemed to be looking at some papers on the desk, so I quickly bent down, and took a sip from the fountain. I straightened up again, but I was beginning to feel very, very horny. I looked back at Ryosuke, but he just signaled for me to come back. Instead, I headed off down the corridor, at least getting away from the two handsome lifeguards.
"Emi!" Ryosuke whispered sharply. I don't know how far I would have gone, but Ryosuke came after me, and wrapped my towel around my waist.
"Spoilsport," I whispered, kissing him. He looked tense, but slowly his expression softened.
"Well, my dear Miss Tsuruta, now what do we do? It's not as if there are any love hotels nearby," he whispered back in Japanese. In Japan, you can rent a room in a love hotel for a few hours if you want to be alone. In Oceanview, we still hadn't found anywhere like that.
"I don't know," I said sadly. Just behind us though there was a stairway, leading up to the stands above the pool where people would sit, and watch when they had swim meets. I nodded towards it, and Ryosuke tried the door. It made a little creak as it opened, but we went through, and carefully closed it behind us. I was pretty sure there would be no one up there. We hadn't seen anyone there earlier. I undid my towel again, and carried it in my hand. I walked up the stairs in front of Ryosuke, wiggling my ass to tease him. He tried to catch me, but I ran up the rest of the way before he got a hold of me.
I waited for him to catch up before opening the door at the top of the stairs. We both held our breath, as he opened the door to look out into the stands. There were just a few rows of seats, and luckily, there was no one there. There didn't seem to be anyone on the pool deck either. Ryosuke sat down on one of the seats right by the door, and motioned for me to sit on his lap. I held the towel in front of me, and got up on tip-toe to make sure no one was below. As soon as I was sure, I pulled the towel away to give Ryosuke a peak at my pussy, and then squatted down next to him in the aisle.
"I don't know, Ryosuke. This seems pretty risky. If anyone comes out onto the deck, it'll be pretty obvious what we are doing."
"No, come on. It'll be OK." He undid his shorts, and let penis pop out. He must have been pretty excited by the situation because it was sticking straight up. I gave it a gentle little squeeze, and Ryosuke's eyes glazed over. It wouldn't take long for him to come at this rate. I was pretty wet too, from flashing those two hunky lifeguards even if they hadn't seen. I turned my back to him, and slipped around in front of him. Grabbing onto the arm rests, I slowly lowered my hips down onto his... well, you know. Suddenly, we heard this voice from below.
"Hey, you up there. The pool's closing. Time to clear out." It was one of the girl lifeguards getting ready to lock up. I shifted, and sat down in the seat next to Ryosuke trying to make it look like that's what I meant to do in the first place. We were both so horny. I bowed to the girl. I was trying to figure out if she'd seen my pussy.
"Hurry it up," she insisted.
Once the lifeguard moved out of view, I tied the towel back around my waist, and we reluctantly went back. I felt really frustrated. One of the male lifeguards was locking up the change rooms when we came back out.
"Hey, our stuff is in there."
He glanced down at the towel around my waist. He unlocked the girl's change room, letting me back in. I decided to take another shower because... well, I was kind of sticky down there if you know what I mean.
I stripped back down, but when I went there, the Korean lifeguard was already there showering in the nude. Her skin was so white, but she still had her whistle and a pair of goggles on around her neck which looked kind of funny with her standing there in the nude. Her shoulders looked strong I guess from swimming all the time, but her breasts were smaller than mine. I didn't feel nearly so jealous now that I'd got a better look at her. She glanced at me sideways for a moment, and then disappeared off in the direction of the lockers. I waited for a couple of minutes, but when I didn't hear her anymore, I ran back to my locker—still naked—and got out my smartphone to call Ryosuke.
"Hello."
"It's me, Emi. Hurry up, and come on over here... from the poolside. There's no one here."
He weezed out a,
"Yes," and by the time I'd made it back to the showers, he was standing there in the door. I turned on one of the showers, and stood under it showering off my naked body. He pulled off his shorts, rinsed off his face, and then started lathering up my breasts. We were both so hot. Soon, he had a condom on, and slid into me from behind. It felt so good to finally have him inside of me.
Unfortunately, just when I was starting to feel really good, the Korean lifeguard appeared at the door, still naked as a jaybird. I was just kind of floating dreamlike on a sexual high, so I didn't really react at first. Ryosuke instead of stopping, sped up, humping me even harder. I think maybe he was turned on at seeing her there naked.
She, on the other hand, looked horrified. I guess boys aren't supposed to come into the girls' shower room, and you're not supposed to have sex. She let out this ear-piercing scream. Ryosuke must have come because he slowed down his pace. I was still horny, confused, but I knew we shouldn't fuck in front of her. Ryosuke pulled out, and ran back to the boy's side.
"Sonya, are you OK?" one of the male lifeguards called in. Sonya backed away, but I grabbed her wrist, begging her not to tell. I think this was probably the first time in my life I'd ever been caught having sex. I was panicking, really worried about what she might do.
"Sonya?" the other lifeguard called out again. I bowed my head deeply, begging for mercy. Finally she turned toward the door, and answered.
"No, no, that's OK, Jack. I'm OK."
"What was it? What happened?" 'Jack' asked. I motioned for her to make up something. She looked at me angrily for a moment, but finally told him.
"It was just a bug, but it's gone now."
'Jack' seemed to accept this, and went away. I fell to my knees, and thanked her over and over.
"You saved my life."
"What the hell were you doing?"
"I'm sorry. We got... carried away. It's hard to find a place...," I babbled.
"Well, anyway, don't do it here. I just about had a heart attack."
"Thank you, Sonya. Thank you. How can I repay you?"
She didn't smile. She looked so annoyed.
"You're that couple on the slides a bit earlier."
"Yes, my name's Emi, and that's my boyfriend."
Sonya turned on the shower, and rinsed off her face. For a minute there, it looked like she was going to say something. I guess she'd noticed Ryosuke ogling her earlier. Surely a cute girl like her has had sex in strange places, but she still seemed upset. Anyway, I showered off, and then bowed to her as I left. I hope she doesn't tell.
I quickly got dressed, went out, and finally found Ryosuke outside where he was sort of hiding around the corner.
"I think it'll be OK," I told him.
"She's kind of hot, eh?" he teased. I slapped him on the shoulder, but I wasn't angry. The whole thing was kind of exciting.