I awoke the next morning and stretched, looking out the large windows to the vast blue sea and white sandy beach, memories of last night dancing through my mind.
It had been exhilarating to watch my slave's reactions to being stripped, tied down, displayed and used to teach other women how to properly tease and spank a man. He had been embarrassed to have to jerk himself off in front of them and have them watch him completely lose control as his milky cum shot out. He'd made a real mess, drops and streams of it all over his chest, his legs, even his face.
Rolling over, I saw the sunlight draping Thomas' sleeping body, lighting his skin, caressing him. He looked so peaceful, his beautiful body at rest. My eyes devoured the sight of his nakedness, his muscular body clad only in the leather collar around his neck, his ass still red. He had no idea what was still in store for him.
I got up quietly and prepared his attire, then woke him with a swift smack on his ass.
"Good morning dear, time for breakfast," I said, climbing back onto the bed and straddling his face. My pussy hovered over him and he raised his head and lightly licked the length of my lips before I sat down fully. He sucked my clit, swirling his tongue, tugging and flicking the piercing I'd gotten for him to play with. When I came I spilled all over his face.
His cock was hard from giving his Mistress pleasure, and he tried to move my hips down to enter my warm wet pussy. Instead, I moved away and stood up beside the bed. He smelled like sex, having had most of the front of his body covered in cum, his and mine. He smelled primal and delicious.
"I can give you more, come back," he pleaded. Despite the hard orgasm last night, sleeping in his collar and tasting my juices this morning had him already very worked up again.
"You will give me more, but now I'm hungry and have an outfit for today laid out for you," I said.
The look on his face showed relief, thinking he was getting access to his clothes, but then he got up and saw the assortment of cuffs laying on the dresser.
"That's not clothing," he said.
"No, but it's as much as you are allowed to wear." I slapped his cock, "that's for your backtalk. Be careful or you will pay dearly."
"Yes ma'am, I am sorry, I will serve you however you wish."
I had chosen cuffs with silver buckles and rings for his wrists and ankles. His eyes were wide and I knew he felt fearful, it's one thing to be on display late at night after some Scotch but another to be shown to be a good obedient boy in the first light of morning.
I picked up each cuff and placed them on his wrists and ankles, then stood back to admire the view. Lovely. With the collar these would show clearly that he was my slave and would submit in any way I desired.
I got dressed in a black two piece swimsuit and wrapped a long red silk scarf around my waist, then reattached the metal leash to his collar and led him out the door.
He was visibly relieved that no one was at the pool but that relief turned to horror when we entered the dining room. It was large, bigger than the game room, and brightly lit. And full of diners. This is a clothing optional and sex friendly resort, but as we entered he saw that he was the only person there nude and his face grew flushed at his nakedness. Naked except for the black cuffs and collar that stood out in obvious contrast to everyone else's beach attire. In a room of swimsuits, sarongs, and tee shirts, his appearance certainly made a statement.
To make things worse, we had to wait for a table and stood in the entrance while so many eyes gazed over him. His eyes looked to the floor but his cock betrayed him as it grew harder in sweet submission.
The breakfast buffet was delightful and succulent and he fed me as we sat at our table.
"Keep your knees apart," I commanded, making him sit with his feet outside the legs of his chair, exposing him fully. His balls laid on his chair while his cock stood at attention. As a show of appreciation for his compliance, I would sometimes reach over and stroke his cock or lightly caress his balls, making him grow even harder. I enjoyed how much he struggled to muffle the groans that gave away his discomfort and his pleasure.
After breakfast we went back to our room to get the beach bag. I removed all of his cuffs and collar, as to not ruin them in the salt water.
He was happy to see other naked people on the beach and found cover in the ocean water, covering he had not had since we arrived yesterday. He tried to touch himself in the water but I did not allow it.
"You are here to serve me, and I like it when you are deprived of your own pleasure, because your pleasure should come from mine," I reminded him, leading him onto the beach, onto the blanket that had been laid out. "Get on your hands and knees."
He looked confused but obeyed as I a drew a paddle out of the beach bag.
"Not here, please Mistress."
"Yes, here," I replied. "Everyone on this beach is going to see you get spanked, witness how much you enjoy it, watch you squirm and beg."
He realized that his brief reprieve was simply another part of my plan, that the comfort he felt for a few minutes was ending, that he was about to get his ass whipped in front of dozens of onlookers in broad daylight.
He obeyed and knelt down to his knees, then his elbows. His ass was tilted up toward me and ready but he kept his legs together. He felt so bare and I knew he was trying to at least keep his balls out of sight.
"Bad boy, you know the proper position," I said.
Reluctantly he moved his knees apart and I reached my hand between his legs and stroked his balls so that he would understand that they were now complete visible. The touch made him shake.
"For your infraction," I said sternly, and slapped his sack firmly.
"Please Mistress, I'm sorry," he cried out.
I gave them another smack, with the paddle this time. His body jolted but he held his position.
"That's my good boy," I told him, reaching around, grabbing his cock. I released it and caressed it softly. I ran my fingers up his shaft to the tip and circled it, feeling it twitch. I longed to feel that cock sear into me and my pussy throbbed; I was glad that I had just been swimming because the sea water masked the wetness coming from inside of me.
I knew he ached to cum, he would have fucked me then and there. And I craved him...
But no. Now was the time to smack his ass. The first blow was harsh and immediately left a new mark. Some tapping interspersed with sharp hits and his lovely butt turned an even brighter red. I was relentless and alternating between the intensity of my hits, kept an even rhythm. He shook and moaned and cried out but kept himself properly positioned. It was a pain he loved to hate and precum drizzled out of him onto the blanket.
Several people had moved closer to watch. Some were near his head and he closed his eyes to try to block them out. Some were to the side and could see his cock bounce with every strike. Some were behind us and had an excellent view of his punishment, watching the pattern of the paddle rise up from his already burning red skin, watch his balls swing, hanging helplessly, praying not to take another direct hit.
"Please," he begged. He wanted release from this very public spanking. He wanted to hide his engorged cock and his swollen balls that a crowd had now gathered to witness. He wanted to retreat and unleash his desire. He wanted to bury his face in my pussy, knowing it was wet and plump with my desire for him. Drown his cock in the deep warmth inside me. Feel my mouth slide around him. Hear my screams of pleasure and pump out the cum that now seemed to fill up his whole body.
But he couldn't have any of that. Not yet. Not until I say so. Today had just begun.
I knew how hard to push him and stopped the paddle assault, "stay how you are," I directed. He stayed in place, panting. He was gorgeous with his throbbing cock, purple swollen balls, and raw red ass lifted toward me. I spit on my hand and reached around again to caress his member, sliding up and down slowly, pausing to squeeze the tip between strokes. The muscles in his back rippled. I cupped his balls and tugged. He hung on the very edge of release.
Despite the audience he gasped "please, oh please, let me cum."
"No, I need you like this for what I have planned later. You can get up now."
He didn't. He collapsed onto the blanket, grinding against it, moaning and grunting. I sat down in front of him and rubbed his back until he started to relax. I laid my legs around him and he rested his head on me, his face nestled into the space between my thighs.
I leaned in close and whispered, "Be patient, you served me very well and you will be rewarded. You will never forget what I have planned for you here. You can say no at any moment. Bondage isn't always physical, sometimes the best bondage isn't. I'll fuck your mind and you will love it. And I'll give your body sensations you never imagined."