Charlie Wessel lived on the opposite side of Monica Gift's house. They knew each other only through her parents and the occasional paths crossed. At 55 Charlie had been left alone in the world. His wife "Sidney" had passed away last year. They had no children so he was alone in the world. Retired early he chose to spend much of his days fishing or taking care of his garden.
Like many of the neighbors he had seen Monica walking nude inside her home. He kept that fact to himself instead of telling her parents. What harm was it he thought. Besides he was a man. Knowing he had very little options in dating or for that matter meeting any new women about he needed all the inspiration he could rally.
This Saturday, Charlie was caught off guard. He had gone fishing early and had zero bites all morning. Giving up he headed home and parked his truck behind his house.
On his way indoors he happened to look next door and see a sight he had to stop cold to take in.
Laying out on her parents aluminum supported hammock was Monica. In all of her glory. No bikini. No clothing period. Only sunglasses. With no fences between yards he knew he could easily just invade her space for a better look. If anything he worried about other neighbors seeing him get too close.
Shuffling about his yard he puts his poles up against his garage. His minnow bucket was accidently kicked created a loud metallic bang. With gritting teeth he leers back toward Monica.
Fluttering her fingers at him she sweetly said, "Hi Charlie."
Charlie kept his cool and stepped closer acting as if he hadn't noticed her loss of attire.
"Howdy Monica. Beautiful day for a tan."
"I know. The sun feels delicious. Catch anything today?"
"Nope. Fish aren't biting. Gave up and came on home for some lunch." He casually steps a little further toward her then reacted to her impossible to see nudity.
"Well now. What have we here?"
She raises her glasses to peer at him, "I don't want tan lines. Does it bother you?"
"Only if your folks are home."
"Are they ever home? They went boating on the lake with friends. I got bored inside so I decided to catch some sun."
"Pretty bold of you to lay out like that. Nosey neighbors and all."
"Like you?" She giggles.
"I suppose so. I won't say nothing. I was young once. Live a little."
"I couldn't agree more. I love to be naked. It feels so awesome. Especially when I get noticed."
He chuckles tipping his ball cap back slightly, "I sure noticed."
"Let's be honest Charlie. All of our neighbors have noticed one time or another. I leave the lights on every Friday. Not one of our neighbors has ratted me out to my parents. You know what that tells me?"
"What's that?"
"That you're all dirty old men." She laughs and turns on her side to let him see her 34DDD's shift slightly in their perky state.
"May be. I don't put much thought in it. I just keep to myself."
"Well just so you know Charlie. I see your eyes checking out my tits. You don't need to be shy about it. Stare all you want. In a few minutes I might play with my toy if you want to watch. Feel free."
He rubs the back of his neck at the prospect. He then glances around at the other homes.
"Brock and Ryan are both at work. Kramer might be in his garage but, he hasn't opened the garage door yet. I know he and his brother "Owen" usually work on their vintage cars. Sometimes they have other friends over to help. To be honest I hope they do."
He looks shocked, "Looking for trouble today, huh?"
"Every day." She giggles and caresses her areola.
"My! my! How old are you these days?"
"Sixteen." She lies, "No. I just turned eighteen a few weeks back. I'm legal."
"Good to hear. Taunting all of us old farts that much fun? Half of us probably can't get it up these days." Charlie hisses.
"Oh I bet you all still have life in those pants. Go change then come back out and watch me masturbate with my toy. Pleeeeeeeease?"
"I must be out of my mind." He hesitates, "Give me a minute."
"Yay!!" She expels in her childlike manner.
As Charlie heads indoors Monica lays back and continues her tan. Ten minutes fade away when she hears an automatic garage door open across the alley from her house. She again lowers her glasses to see Kramer and Owen Falcone drinking beers with two other buddies. They didn't notice her right away until one of their friends points her out. She waves at them without reluctance and settles back to see what happens.
Their view point might not have had enough access to readily see her nudity. She decided to crawl out of the hammock and sift through a bag she brought out with her which rested beside the hammock.
It was impossible for them not to notice her nudity now. She had even bent over with her ass facing directly at them. Her petite lower half offered them a lovely view of her clam shaped pussy.
From her bag she retrieved a large bottle of baby oil and her seven inch life like rubber dildo. She then turned to face them waving it for the four men to see. Cupping her right breast with one hand she dances in step playfully. The bounce drew faint whistles. She could tell Kramer was uneasy about it. After a moment to let it sink in Monica returned to lay back on her hammock. Her offer was open. The rest was up to them.
The issue with Kramer and his brother Owen resided in the fact that both men were friends with her parents and had seen her grow up since age 8. Ten years they watched her blossom into this eager young beauty.
Respect for her parents made this awkward. Yet, their friends were less inclined to worry about her parentage. They wanted to see this young lady up close and personal. At their ages every opportunity counted.
Before long the buddies stepped away from Kramer and Owen to venture over to Monica. The brothers reluctantly followed. Kramer especially knew he might need to defend the girl.
"Monica Leann what the hell are you doing?" Kramer grumbled.
"I plan on masturbating out here in this joyous sunshine. Don't be naïve Kramer. We all know you've seen me naked through my windows."
"Yeah, but you being out here like this is nothing but trouble."
"Only if you guys get fresh." She wiggles in her hammock seductively.
His buddies offer a variety of pleasurable comments. Her head was swooning at each and every one.
"Who wants to oil me up?"
The two buddies definitely. Owen opted to join them. Kramer was more hesitant until Monica whispers sweetly, "Rub me Kramer. All of me."
"You have three fellas right there. I'll just go tinker on my car."
One of his friends, "Elvis" chuckles, "He's going to jerk off in private."
Monica huffs, "Kramer don't leave me. I might need you to hold them back."
Shaking his head he returns to the hammock.
The other buddy, "Dave" had already showered her with baby oil from head to toe.
He and Elvis immediately went to work glossing her perfect little body. Her tits were a quick focal point. Kneading them for long playful minutes. Monica sighs loudly.
"Such strong hands."
Owen had made her legs and thighs his home. As his hands brushed against her pussy Kramer growled at him, "Knock it off Little Brother."
Monica immediately changes his tune, "He can rub my pussy. I'm fine with it Kramer."
Owen chuckles, "Yeah. She's fine with it. Stop being a wuss. Get in here and feel this wet pussy."
Kramer merely frowns.
Feeling sad for him Monica opens up, "It's just a massage Kramer. I'm not fucking anyone but "Bucky" here."
Her dildo in hand is raised to wag in the air for all to see.
"Lighten up, Buddy. She's cool with us pawing her up." prodded Elvis.
Owen had already dipped fingers inside her, delicately easing them out and in again.
"Owen has the right idea. That feels really good." She exhales.
She takes her toy "Bucky" and places it between her heaving breasts. Crushing her tits around it with her shoulders compression she gives them a Titty fucking show. The rubber crown peeking in and out of her monsters. Each time the crown popped into sight she lowered her chin to lick the crown.
The boys were chuckling and having fun.
Finally, Monica lowered Bucky to her pussy. Owen eased away to give her room. Gradually she inserted the dildo and began fucking herself. The men hovered over her and watched with drool forming.
"Owen your cock is so big." She giggles as her wrist thrusts the toy deeper.
Smugly Owen grins, "Mine's pretty big. But thanks for the fantasy there."
Everyone was rubbing their crotches. Kramer could only shake his head at them.
"I love you guys." She whimpers.
"We love you Little Girl." Dave caresses her left breast.
"I want to cum for you now." She breathes heavily.
"You go right ahead, Sweetheart." Elvis tweaks her right nipple gently tugging at it.
Her body convulses forcing her legs to kick about wildly. The men merely let her torture herself. In her plight she squeals erotically and whispers, "I wish the world could see me."
Elvis looks over at Owen, "You should let her play over at your car lot."
Owen puckers at the idea, "If she wants to."
Leaning in to get her attention Elvis encourages her, "Would you like to do that Little Girl?"
She winces while whimpering, "Yes."
"Let the world witness you playing with that pussy on a new car?"
"Yes." She moans while Dave rubs her leg softly.
"How about you Dave? Would you let her play for everyone over at your Mattress store?"
"Sure."
"Something you want to do Little Girl?" Elvis prods.
"God yes." She squeals, her insertions ramping up.
She was getting close to orgasm with each fantasy that Elvis offered her. She wanted it all. To do it all.
Screaming she squirts all over herself. The hammock is dampened below her.
The men share their admiration by touching her everywhere. Soft caresses.
"Oh my God! That felt so good. Thank you for watching me." She breathes heavily.
"You're not done." Dave growls rolling her over on to her stomach.
She limply laid there as they coated her backside with baby oil. Prying her ass cheeks apart to tease her anal cavity with fingertips. She had never tried anal. Her fears were evident. Still Dave placed an arm under her and guided her ass into the air. She cradled her head in her arms as her knees crept up to her chest.
Claiming her dildo Dave penetrated her pussy once more and fucked her yet again. Her cries echoing into her arms. She loved his hostile takeover.
Only Kramer was unamused. He found himself continually shaking his head at them.
"Like that Monica?" Owen asked.
"YESSSSSSSSSSS!" She exhaled at the top of her lungs.
"Wish that was a real cock fucking you?" Elvis goaded.
Whimpering she had to admit it even to herself, "Yes."
Her body quaked. Three more minutes she gushes over Dave's knuckles.
She grew lifeless in her efforts to catch her sanity.
"Had enough?" Dave leans over her to brush the hair from her face.
She huffs, "No. I want more people to see me."
The guys shrug amongst themselves.
Dave smirks, "Fellas? Grab and end of the hammock."
Kramer declined and watched the other three lift the aluminum hammock and carry it out to the alley way. Looking toward the side street they take the risk of moving her to the end of the alley along the curb.
Resting her next to a fire hydrant they flip her back over to face upwards.
"How's this?" Dave chuckles.
She looks around her smiling, "No. Out there."
"In the middle of the freaking street?" Elvis widens his gaze.
"Yes."
Another joined shrug they move her directly into the middle of the side street. Only the three of them stood by. Kramer got disgusted and headed home.
"Here's your toy." Dave hands it back.
She immediately penetrates herself and begins thrusting. Her opposite hand rubs her clit. Now she could look straight down the street. Broad daylight. Her nerves on edge that kids might see made her aware more. The three men also grew cautious and stepped away behind a garage but kept watch.
She was all alone. Horny as hell.
After five minutes she was busted as a truck turned down the street headed straight for her. Reaching her the front grill was a mere four feet from her when it stopped cold.
She could see a large man inside rubbing his beard at her. Ducking his head out his drivers side window he chuckled, "I remember you from that night on the curb. Standing naked with that guy hugging you from behind."
She flutters her fingers at him smiling devilishly, "That was me."
"Mighty bold young lady."
"Watch me cum?"
"Do I have a choice? You're blocking the road." He shakes his head.
"No." She sticks her tongue out at him as her hands continue their assault.
He observes her convulse and cry out her pleasure. In minutes she gushes for a third time. This time she rolls herself over into the position Dave had poised her in. With her ass in the air she again fucks herself from behind. It was a thing of beauty.
The burly man smirked as she managed one final gush before his eyes.
Finally, he steps out of his truck and approaches her. The man was a Bear. Easily 6'4 and 350 pounds of gruff.
"You done?"
Regardless of her decision he drags the hammock to the side of the curb and intentionally slaps her ass still in the air from her exhausted body. Monica couldn't even mouth a reaction. He then returned to his Ford F350 and drove around her. The truck drove down the street two more blocks and turned left.
Fearing the man the other three waited until he was gone before picking her hammock up and carrying her home to the spot they took her from originally. She had fell back on to her back in her travel.
"Let us know when you want to venture into one of our stores." Dave chuckles.
The men then decided it was time to head out. Enough was enough.
She lay there in the sun mentally spent for the next ten minutes.
"Sorry I'm late."
Monica turns her profile to see Charlie return from his house.
"I couldn't make myself come back out. Finally got up the nerve."
She quivers with a lifeless expression.
Charlie realizes her exhaustion and pats her on the leg.
"Maybe next time."
He returns to his house without another look back.
Monica was numb.
Ten more minutes later she kicks her arms and legs madly. Her voice shrill and excitable.
"I masturbated in the middle of Elm Street."
Five more times she recited that same realization.
She crawled from her hammock and staggered to her house leaving her bag in the lawn.
A nap was needed.
Then a shower.
Life was good.