MARIA
Maria sighed in disappointment. Her husband rolled off of her and lay staring at the ceiling. "I think this is the night, Maria," he said, out of breath, even though he had only lasted a minute inside her. "We have conceived our first child."
The cold was biting her erect nipples. Pulling the bedsheets over her bare breasts, she looked at her husband. "Did the Holy Christ school call you back, ichaya?"
"No. Not yet," he said. "But I think they will... soon."
Maria wasn't happy with that answer. Even though she didn't say a word, her ichayan (husband) still sensed it.
"Don't worry unnecessarily, Maria," he said, sounding a little irritated. "So what if I didn't get that job? We're doing fine."
"It's a good thing then that our first tenant is coming tomorrow," she said, turning. "We need the money."
The next day...
A dark, burly man, carrying a duffel bag, lifted the latch and pushed the gate open. Maria waited by the threshold of her house, fiddling with a bunch of keys. Her husband Jude stood beside her with a welcoming smile on his face. They had last talked to the man a week before, discussing the terms of his tenancy.
Maria and her husband were both school teachers at a Christian private school. They had been teaching there for the last eleven years, and in eight of those they were married. Their life would have been swell if it went on that way. But alas, it was not so. Her husband was fired for using 'bad language' in the classroom. Allegedly, he called some boy a faggot. That was the first one. After that, the complaints started piling up. After the firing, things became tight. Carefully assessing their situation at length, they decided to rent out their first floor.
Shekar placed the duffel bag on the steps leading to the porch and took something out of his shirt pocket. "The first month's rent, as promised," he said. After her husband collected the cash, Maria handed over the keys.
In the coming days, they realized what a model tenant Shekar was. He made himself inconspicuous and never inferred in their affairs. He would leave for the hotel, where he worked as a security guard early in the morning, and would return in the evening. That was when he had the day shifts. At her husband's behest, he used the staircase outside the house leading to the first floor when coming and going. So they never saw him.
So all appeared to be well... until.
Shekar came out of his nest one evening. Maria had just returned from school. His large frame filled up the kitchen door when he stood there expressing his grievances. "The tap in the bathroom isn't working," he said in his gruff voice. Maria headed upstairs and found that it was true. The only tap on the first floor was not working.
"What do I do for water now, madam?" he spread his arms.
"Take the water you need from the ground stairs bathroom," she said. "I'll have this fixed soon."
Shekar nodded and smiled wide.
It was 7:35 a.m. the next day. Jude had left for his early morning coaching classes.
Maria dried her hair after her bath and came out of the bathroom, wrapped in a red towel. To her shock, she found Shekar standing there with a bucket in hand and a repulsive grin on his face. He was in his underwear, a nice bulge forming there as he stared at Maria's chest without even a hint of shame.
"Good morning, madam. I'm here for my bath," he said, scratching the hairiest belly she had ever seen in her life.
"Good morning," she said curtly, her lips a thin line. He kept on staring.
Maria looked away and hastily walked to her room. She had goosebumps all over. The way Shekar's mouth salivated on seeing her, she thought that something might happen right there. Maria shut her bedroom door and stood with her back against it, her heart in her throat, pounding. "Good thing that I didn't come out naked like I usually do."
Forty minutes later...
Maria was in the kitchen now, her body stuffed tightly inside a nightie. The bathroom door opened, and she heard Shekar step out, humming a tune. His slippers made a squishing sound as he walked up the tiled steps. Maria remained in the kitchen until the sound died out.
Munching on an apple, she walked to the bathroom to pick up some of her dirty clothes which she had to leave there because of Shekar's sudden appearance.
When she entered the bathroom, Maria noticed something strange. The nightie she wore yesterday was still on the cloth hanger. But her panty was lying on the floor, balled up, and at a distance from the hanger that suggested that it didn't fall on its own accord.
Maria picked up her panty and immediately dropped it. Her hand was wet with a mucous-like substance. There was no mistaking what it was. Maria's heart pounded like a drum. She picked it up once more, sniffed a little, and dropped it again. 'He masturbated all over my clothes.'
She told her husband about the incident that night, like a good wife, so that it wouldn't happen again. "It couldn't have been what you thought it was," he told her.
"I'm telling you, ichaya. It was all over my hands. So sticky and so... thick," she said, irritated at her husband's refusal to believe her.
"Okay. Let's say that what you say is true," he said. "Whose fault is it then? You are the one who walked out naked. Any man would have masturbated or done something worse after seeing something like that. Now let's forget about this." He kissed her. "Go to sleep, sweetie."
Maria was appalled. Was her husband defending Shekar, or was he just scared to confront him?
Maria didn't shower at her usual time the next day. She decided to wait until Shekar was done with his bath. She watched him from the kitchen coming out of the bathroom. He only had underwear on, hair thick on his chest, belly and thighs. He gave her a smile and walked upstairs.
After he left, Maria entered the bathroom. Placing the bucket under the tap, she opened it and began undressing. Because of her caution, in regards to Shekar, she was late for school today. All because of that pervert, she thought. Just as she was pulling down her panties, something caught her attention and she sighed. "I need to find a plumber and fix that tap of his." Maria decided. The shower drain was clogged up with hair, dirt, and cum. Lots and lots of cum.
SHEKAR
"That won't do. Seven hundred rupees and we have a deal," said the plumber.
"Fine," Shekar said and took out his wallet. "Here take it. I don't want to see your face again. You know who I am, don't you?"
The plumber nodded, in a timid way, making sure to let him know that he felt threatened. "You're... I know who you are."
Shekar gestured him to leave. He just paid the plumber money out of his wallet to delay fixing the only tap on his floor. The plumber was going to tell them that the walls need to be broken down to repair the plumbing and that it would cost a lot of money. He knew about their money problems.
That broken tap had a key role to play in Shekar's game. She deserves a man like me, not that weakling she calls a husband, he decided passionately. From the moment he saw her, he wanted her. Maria Jude. Her bronze skin and waist-length hair. Her full lips and innocent eyes. Her tight buttocks and hefty bosom. Shekar felt his cock harden.
Because of this tap, he could go downstairs, see that busty woman, play his mind games on her. He was invading her privacy, and soon enough, he would invade her.
MARIA
Maria didn't have the money needed to fix the plumbing. And the masturbation got worse after that. It was worse when Shekar had the night shifts. That meant that he was alone in the house during day time. Maria would come home after work to find porn cassettes on the sofa, magazines in the bathroom, and as always, cum everywhere.
When she told her husband about it, his response was, "So what? Everybody watches porn, and everybody masturbates."
"Are you going to do anything about it?"
She saw her husband gulp his fears. "No. I don't see the issue," he said. Of course he didn't. That brute was a foot taller than Jude with a mean face and evil eyes. Jude was scared. That was the issue.
Maria never felt at ease these days. She always had a feeling that someone was watching her. Watching her while she undressed. Watching her while she bathed. Her husband left early and came late. And for a few hours, she was all alone in that big house with that monster.
SHEKAR
It wasn't hard to get a duplicate key for the bedroom - Mrs. Maria's bedroom.
He found the key one morning on the coffee table and tucked it inside his pocket deftly. The rest was easy. He took the impression of the key on a soap bar and then gave it to a friend who was an expert in these matters.
Shekar had the whole house to himself when he had the night shift. So after Maria left for school, he would enter her bedroom. He was a thief who worked in broad daylight. But he stole neither cash nor gold.
Whenever he found a used panty, he would consider that a good day. When he found both a panty and a bra, then that was a great day. Shekar would rub her brassiere on his erect cock while he sniffed the panty, and then he would switch. Her scent heightened the intensity, and he would end up dumping a huge load.
Most of the time, he would leave cum stains on her undergarments. Sometimes he took them back to his room and masturbated some more. Those were the only things he ever stole. They don't cost much, but to him, they were priceless.
This went on for a few days. He would cum on the blouses, petticoats, and nighties. He would arrange the panty and bra on the bed and pretend that he was fucking Mrs. Maria. He even ejaculated on a picture of her he found in the photo album - those pages were forever, stuck together.
Eventually, he decided to take it to the next level.
It was 4:30 in the evening, and Shekar locked the door from the inside using the duplicate key. He then crawled under Maria's bed and laid as still as a statue, bending his knees to hide his long legs.
Shekar was sweating a lot. And rightly so. This was a bold move. If he got caught, he had no explanation.
The clock on the table struck five, and Shekar was brimming with anticipation. She was a little late, but he was sure she would be here soon. Then, finally, he heard the gate open. Shekar wriggled with joy. In his mind, he was already playing out the scene.
The front door opened, and footsteps approached the room in which he was hiding. A key entered the hole and turned. The door opened and in walked the woman from his lewd fantasies. Shekar held his breath.
Maria was walking about the room, and he heard her sniffing. He fought to suppress a laugh. Shekar realized that he had masturbated so much, the room reeked with the stench of his musk.
Maria set the bag on the table and looked in the mirror. Then she moved about the room some more. She must be thinking about something deeply, thought Shekar. But before he could complete that thought, the ends of her pallu dropped to the floor.
Maria had started undraping her saree.
Under the bed, Shekar inched closer to get a better look. Fold after fold of strawberry-red saree coiled on the floor. Shekar's cock formed a tent in his lungi.
Leaving behind her saree, Maria again walked to the mirror. She leaned on the table to view the mirror better, and in doing so, pushed her hips out, the shape of her buttocks tracing against the petticoat neatly. Shekar took his cock in his hands and immediately started stroking.
Next to come off was the blouse. She took it off and walked to the cupboard in her brassiere. He had a side view now, and he could see the flesh of her breasts squished tightly by the bra. Shekar stroke faster, almost letting out a moan. He was hoping that he would get to see her boobs. Stroke, stroke, stroke...
But he didn't see them. She picked up a nightie from her neatly arranged stack in the cupboard and slipped it on in under a second. His sighed in exasperation. Shekar waited for her to leave. When she did, he extended a hand and grabbed her blouse from the bed. It was wet with her sweat, and that's all he needed, for now.
Under the bed, Shekar had an intense ejaculation. He writhed and shuddered, staining the blouse with fresh cum. After that, he left the room secretly, leaving the balled up blouse on the bed.
To be continued...