We hired a maid to clean our house three times a week. After the initial couple of weeks, she had the place pretty clean and was just performing maintenance cleaning. She started coming twice on the weeks she needed to do laundry and once in the alternating weeks. This went on for some time until one day, I found a pair of panties neatly folded in my underwear draw. They weren't mine and they weren't my wife's (wrong size) and they weren't my daughter's either (she doesn't wear thongs). I decided I'd hold on to it until next week and work at home so I could get it back to the maid without any undue embarrassment.
Well, the following Wednesday came and I stayed home. My wife headed for work and my daughter off to school. Nine o'clock rolled around and sure enough the maid showed up. She was a bit surprised to see me sitting in the living room with my laptop hooked up. It was a warm day already, so I was sitting in shorts enjoying the freedom being at home allows. She was dressed in sweat pants and a sweat shirt, which was a bit warm for the day, but certainly casual enough.
When she came in, I gave a warm salutation and smile then once she responded in kind I broached the topic of the errant panties. They were hers alright. And after much embarrassment, she made the excuse that she had, well, soiled them and forget they were in the load. They must have just slipped in with the rest of mine. I smiled again, and accepted the excuse although they were neatly folded when they were put away.
The day went on. Ten o'clock, then eleven came and went. I sat in the living room ticking away at my laptop as she grabbed the laundry and began washing and then headed to the back of the house to clean. Every so often she would come back by to switch laundry, fold some clothes
Or get cleaning supplies, but most of the time she was in her world and I was in mine.
I stopped for lunch just after noon and offered the maid if I could make her a sandwich. She agreed but said, "If you don't mind, I need to keep going."
That was fine by me. So I headed to the kitchen and made a pair of grilled ham and cheese sandwiches. It was getting hot outside, but somehow a grilled sandwich and chips was calling to me. I put the food on a pair of plates, poured some milk in two glasses and took it all out to the back deck where I called to the maid for lunch.
When she arrived she had taken off the sweats and was just dressed in her bra and panties. "Do you always clean in your skivvies?"
She looked down and realized she had not dressed before coming out on the deck. With a scream she went running back into the house to grab a towel folded on the couch. "I'm so sorry," she said.
"No problem. I'm pretty relaxed about things like that and since our back yard look out over a forest with not a neighbor in sight, go ahead. I just wasn't expecting it is all."
"Well, I was cleaning the bathroom and I tend to get water everywhere, so I find it is just as easy to clean in my underwear as get my clothes wet."
"I understand that." and handed her a plate. "Sit, relax." She was still holding on the towel, which barely covered her as she sat down. As I was still just in my shorts I decided to take the opportunity to face into the sun and catch some rays.
"This would be a great place to sun bathe." she said beginning to relax.
"Yes it is. When I'm here in the house all alone I typically go for the all over, but with company and all..."
"Don't mind me," she said with a smile. "Once I'm done with my sandwich it's back to work."
"Me too, I'm afraid."
And so it was. We finished our lunch and headed back to our respective jobs. Another hour would fly by before she would appear again.
When she came out to clean the living room she still had not put on her sweats. It was too hot to wear that much clothing anyway and I certainly didn't mind the view. However, as she cleaned the living room, I noticed I was doing less and less work and more and more watching. Her rear end was moving about the room with the vacuum and suddenly I realized I had grown a rather sizeable erection. Fortunately, the laptop was hiding it from view. But it wasn't going to go away, so I thought a trip out to the deck to soak in the sun might help. The towels were close enough that I could set down my laptop, grab a towel and cover up while she was facing away from me. "I think I'll take a break and enjoy the sun some more."
"Go ahead. I'm just about finished here and then it's off to the kitchen."
Once out on the deck, I spread out the towel. I left the door open to the living room to let some air in the house.
As I was laying down I heard her call out to me, "Don't feel you have to wear shorts on my account."
I wasn't sure if she was joking, but the erection was clouding my thinking just enough that I took the suggestion, removed my shorts and laid face down on the towel.
The sun was warm and the wind was just enough to keep it from getting too hot. It seemed like I was there for hours knowing it had only been a few minutes when the maid came to the door to ask, "Don't you wear any sun screen?"
"Normally, yes. But it's a bit difficult to get my back so I try and just not lay out too long."
"Tell me where the lotion is and I'll get your back."
"That's nice but it's not really part of the job description."
"I know. I don't mind."
"Ok," I relented. While she was gone I could feel the erection slowly subside. However, soon she was back on the deck putting lotion on my back and the erection was gaining ground again.
She was rather quick about it. My back, butt, legs and shoulders were all done in no time. It was so business like my erection soon died. Then she was off to the kitchen.
About a half an hour later, she returned. "Time to base the turkey," she said grabbing the lotion.
"Great, now I'm an overstuffed bird."
"No, but you do need to roll over and get the other side. Now, turnover."
Without thinking I rolled over. I didn't have an erection, but it didn't take long with her hands rubbing me and my cock free to the wind for it to rise to the occasion. When she moved down to the legs she very carefully "missed" my member.
"I thinking I'll leave that to you, but you'd better put some on. I'm not sure he sees the sun all that often."
That was all it took. Zoom, my cock was at full attention. "Ah, yes, I'll take care of 'him'. Thanks." I was so embarrassed.
"I'll just leave the lotion here beside you. Well, the sun is nice, but I'd better get back to work." and with that she was gone back into the house.
When I was sure she was gone, I took up the lotion and poured some into my hand. It had been warmed by the sun and was pretty runny, but still very lubricating. I rubbed the lotion onto my cock for a few strokes and then began to wonder whether I should masturbate or not, all the while still rubbing my cock. The longer I thought about it, the more I was convinced I should.
Soon enough, the question was moot as I was masturbating. The sun and the lotion and the thought of the maid in the next room brought me to full arousal. It wasn't long before I was close to coming. I raised my head to watch as I squirted over my chest and there was the maid, standing just inside the door watching me. I exploded.
She held out the wet wash cloth in her hands. "To clean up."
I cleaned up and took the wash cloth into the house. As I was rinsing off the wash cloth in the kitchen, still naked, the maid came in dressed in her sweats. "That's me for today. I'll be here next week. Will you be working from home again?"
"Yes."
"Good. Then, I'll leave these here," as she reached over and put a pair of very wet panties on the kitchen counter. Her scent was thick. "I'll pick them up next week."
"I..." I looked at the panties, then over at her crotch wondering if she had anything on under her sweat pants. "Don't you..."
"No, I have the pair I left the other week, so I'm good. These are pretty wet and need to be laundered. I'll do that next week when I'm here.