Well, here's myNude Day Story Contest 2022entry. First time, exhibitionism, and outdoor sex. I hope you like it.
=====
I yawned and glanced at the rearview mirror. My passenger was curled up under a blanket in the back seat, dead to the world. I smiled and squinted out the windscreen into the rising sun. Jane was a good kid, well, now a young lady. She'd wandered into the club about five years previously, a lost-looking skinny girl who seemed very unsure of herself. Initially, I only quickly glanced at her and went back to scoring the game.
The club captain bustled over to chat with the newcomer. Shortly after, they stood beside me and Lynn explained the layout of the court and the basic rules.
"Andy, this is Jane. She's interested in playing but doesn't know much about the game. Can you take her to court three when you're finished and run her through the basics? I believe you don't have a game tonight."
"Yeah, Sean's had to work. No worries Lynn. Hand out, five-three." I quickly looked at Jane before the game below restarted. "Hi, Jane. Nice to meet you. Hopefully, these guys will finish soon, and then we'll go downstairs. NO LET! Mate, you were miles away. Point, six-three. Left box."
Jane looked down at the club's two best male players. "They don't seem to be running a lot."
I chuckled at that. "They're very good at judging the ball's flight and making sure they're in the right position to play the next shot. Unlike me, who runs around like a mad thing. Point, seven-three, right. No, your other right, Steve."
Jane smiled at my standard squash humour. She asked a few questions but mostly watched the game intently. After the game, I picked up my racquet and a club spare. "So why squash? We don't get many newcomers whose family isn't playing already."
"Saw the flyer at school. Just thought I'd give it a try." she softly replied.
"Glad that flyer worked. Ok, I'll try and not scare you off."
Jane wasn't scared. I could tell she had great natural ability from the moment she gripped the racquet. I played her for about a year but she soon outpaced me. By the time she turned eighteen she was a multiple club champ and had represented us at various tournaments around the state. The girl was good.
Which led to why Jane was curled up in the back seat of my car. She'd been invited to play in the State championships, and I'd been asked to officiate. Yay me! I had the skills needed to mop down a court and maybe score a minor match. I looked back at the tangle of arms and legs protruding out from under the blanket and smiled. I'd started playing around the same age as when Jane turned up, but I hadn't really improved much. I was, and always would be, a mug player.
Lynn said she didn't like to gossip, but she was very happy to tell you stories about the townspeople whether you wanted to hear them or not. She thought Jane was such a nice girl, but it was a shame her mother left her father. Then mum moved back with her new boyfriend and his kids, and her dad had a new, much younger girlfriend in the same house. It was scandalous that Jane was exposed to such bad parenting, Lynn breathlessly announced.
I tried to ignore Lynn. Jane wasn't my child, and she looked thin but fed, shy but not skittish, and reasonably dressed. It was obvious the family didn't have a lot of money, but she seemed ok. I suspected one reason she initially played squash was that it was a relatively cheap sport that got her out of the house for a while, but her skill changed that to total enjoyment. It had been great to watch the transformation.
I heard her shuffling and a yawn as she sat up. "Good morning again. How are you?"
Jane pushed the blanket away and looked blearily out of the side window. "Fine thanks. How long was I asleep?"
"Nearly an hour."
"Oh, sorry. I'm not very good company, am I?"
"Don't worry about it. You're competing. You need to be well rested. Me, I'll be doing mundane things that I can do with a lot of coffee to keep me firing."
Jane smiled and it transformed her face. She normally looked - I don't know. Not sad or depressed. Maybe somewhere in the middle. Her smile though was magnificent. Her eyes sparkled, she radiated happiness, her lips looked...
Great. Anyway. I inhaled deeply and booted the early morning thoughts about my young passenger out the window. Not the thing to think about.
"Andy?"
"Mmmm?"
"Thanks for looking after me." She shifted to the middle seat and leaned forward between the front seats. "I really enjoy coming to squash, but I probably would have given up early on if it wasn't for you. Nobody really believes in me. You do, and I'm so grateful for that."
"Ah, no worries. You've probably guessed by now we don't get many new members, so we need to encourage anyone who comes through the door. I was lucky Lynn asked me to help you." Jane leaned back and stared out the side window. I squinted out the windscreen, hoping for a bit of cloud or a turn in the road to get away from the blinding sun belting me from the horizon. "I hear you're joining the Army at the end of the year. Any particular area?"
Jane's face lit up again. "Yeah, I've been accepted. Not sure what I'll be doing. Hopefully driving or logistics, but I have to go for a skills test soon. That'll make things a bit clearer."
I nodded, "Well, it'll be a shame to see you go but it's great you're doing what you want. You don't want to let a good opportunity slip by."
She turned and looked out the window again. "True. Very true. Mum said I always wanted to join the Army." She turned forward and stared at my reflection. She wouldn't have made a good poker player. Her eyes darted around, her mouth slightly opened and closed and she pinched her nose. Something big was on her mind, and she was having trouble finding the words.
After about five minutes she asked. "Can I ask you a serious question? It's something I've wanted to ask for a while, but it's... Well, it's embarrassing."
"Sure. No need to be embarrassed. I'll give you a straight answer if I can."
"Do you want to have sex with me?"
I slowly inhaled. That stumped me. I wasn't expecting that, and I wasn't sure how to answer. I decided to buy some time with a bit of humour. Empathy is not my strong suit, but I did realise this kid needed careful handling.
"Is that a question or a request? I'm umm, interested either way... And why are you asking now?"
"Can I sit in the front?"
"Of course. Do you want me to stop?"
"Nah. I can climb across. I'm skinny." In a flurry of arms and legs, she was sitting beside me and I still had no idea what to say. Still, I did say I'd give her a straight answer, and I'm a terrible liar. I decided to go with the honest approach.
"Welcome aboard Jane. So, let's assume you had a question. Well, I'm a guy. If you asked that to most blokes, they'd say 'Hell yeah.' I'm no different. At some level, yes, I would consider having sex with you."
"Oh," Jane replied. She looked down and started to examine her fingernails. Obviously, that wasn't the response she was after.
I pursed my lips, then slowly exhaled. This was heading into potentially dangerous territory. Jane was nineteen, so no dramas there. My marriage was at an interesting point, with Kirby and her new teaching degree working at a remote school in the middle of Western Australia. She had been home for a total of eight weeks over the last three years, and I was getting very frustrated on so many levels. Still, I was supposed to be Jane's chaperon. I thought back to when I was her age. I was awkward around girls and dreamed of having one of the women wandering around the Uni campus take pity on me. Really, this was pretty much the same. My hesitation crumbled.
"Well," I said carefully, "If it's a request, I have to ask why? I mean, I'm twice your age. Surely you could find a good looking guy around your age who'd be happy to help if you want a bit of fun."
She slumped down in the seat and chewed a nail. "I can't ask anyone. I'm still a virgin."
"Ah. I see." I didn't see. I wasn't sure why that would stop her from getting a guy to do her. Being a nineteen year old virgin was probably unusual in our relatively small town, but hell, I didn't get lucky until I was twenty-one. And that was a sympathy fuck. My confusion must have been obvious. Jane straightened up and rapidly tapped her knee.
"Ok yes, I've had offers but I don't want to be just a tick in some dickhead's box. And most of the guys I sort of know are dickheads. You don't mind me swearing a bit?" she asked anxiously.
I laughed involuntarily. Jane was detailing why she wanted me to fuck her, and she was worried I might be offended by her language. "No, all good. You know what Jamie and Klint's like on the court. I'm surprised the court hasn't turned blue."
That got a laugh out of her, which was good to see. "Yeah, they are a bit rough. I was horrified when I first heard them, but now - it's just them trying to get under each other's skin."
"Pretty much. Well, I'm going to be blunt if we're going to talk about sex. You don't know anyone fuckworthy. So why me?"
She wedged herself against the door and turned towards me. "I want to lose it before I enlist. Going in a virgin would be embarrassing, and I don't see it as a big deal. Insert rod into hole and BAM! Job's done. And I like and trust you. You could do it and not post it on Insta. I don't want to leave here known as the cheap town bike."
I was starting to get drawn into her idea. "Well, thanks. I like you too. I think you might find the reality of sex is a bit different to what you think it is. From what I understand, the feeling of a real penis in your vagina is a lot different to using something else."
"I've never used anything in there."
That surprised me. "Nothing? Not even a finger? Or a tampon?" I blurted out and immediately regretted it.
"No, nothing. It's a bit hard when there's at least eight people living in our house, and two or three to a bedroom. No privacy at all. And I use pads. You think I'm weird." Jane started to shrink again.
"Yeah nah, not at all. I guess it would be a bit tough." I quickly replied. An idea was starting to form, something to try and drag a bit of confidence back out of Jane. We still had about a two hour drive ahead of us and stopping now for a quick fuck, no matter how tempting, just wasn't going to happen. And I could sort of understand why Jane wanted me as her first. She just wanted to do it with someone who wouldn't go around boasting about it until she left. Probably for good. "I guess you've never had any sort of orgasm then?"
"Not really. Well, maybe. I don't know."
"Ok. I think you need to figure out what you like before you let someone inside you. Look, you should enjoy sex. It shouldn't be a chore, or a box ticking episode. Sometimes it can be ordinary, but mostly, it's fun."
"Ok," Jane said slowly. "So you will... Fu... fuck me?"
I nodded, "Yes, yes I will. But there's a couple of conditions. One, you need to jump back over into the rear and try and masturbate yourself to an orgasm. When we do it, I want you to guide me so you can hopefully come on my cock. It's a big ask for your first time, but you never know. Sex is strange like that. Which leads to number two. I will only fuck you if you place in the top three. I know you can win, but if this is on your mind you won't be focused on the game. So, no place, no sex. Deal?"
"Deal!" She launched herself over the centre console and hugged me. The car swerved violently as I momentarily lost the ability to steer. "Oops, sorry Andy. I won't let you down. I'm going to win, and you'll have to fuck me twice as hard." Jane burst into a giggling fit. "That sounds so weird. I've never said that before."
"Lucky there's no one else crazy enough to be on the road this early on a Sunday. I guess today's going to be full of first-time things for you."
In another blur of arms and legs, Jane was over the back. "Is it ok to be naked while you drive?" she asked, her shirt halfway up her abdomen. A shocked look slowly moved across her face and she started to lower her shirt. "What do I do? I mean, I sort of know how but, you know..."
"You're short on the details. No worries, I'm sure we can figure it out together." That was another surprise, but I wasn't going to ask about her masturbation history. "And I don't think being naked in a car is illegal as long as you're wearing your seatbelt."
"Oh yeah." She quickly clipped herself back in and sat up with her hands in her lap. I figured Jane now wanted me to instruct her.
"Ok, shirt off please."
Jane licked her lips and smiled, and slowly removed the club shirt. She started to lift her crop top and I quickly said, "No. Wait. This needs to be sort of like a real make out session. Let me look at you while you run your fingers over your tummy and shoulders. Nothing else."
She looked at me with a puzzled expression but did what I asked.
"Close your eyes. Just touch lightly, like someone is brushing you with a feather." I adjusted the mirror so I could watch Jane and focus on staying on the road. She had filled out a bit over the years but was still thin. More athletic thin. I was pretty sure she would have been a great sprinter if she had decided on track and field.
"Take off your shoes and socks and put your feet on the centre console, please. Eyes closed."
Jane nodded and pushed them off. A foot nudged me in the side and tickled as she wiggled her toes. I grasped it and gently squeezed. A barely audible sigh left her lips as I slid from toes to ankle, then back. They were quite callused, more than I expected and I had to press fairly hard on the ball to get a reaction. Her instep though - ticklish. One spot on her arch caused her to squirm and giggle. I eased away and started massaging each toe.
She was relaxing. I don't think anyone outside her family had ever given her any serious physical contact. I somehow doubted Jane had got much from her family either. I may have had it wrong, but the very few times I had met either of her parents, it seemed like they felt their kids were an inconvenient outcome of sex. And her siblings were just ratty.
I kept my one-handed foot massage going, alternating between her feet. It wasn't the most comfortable position for me but Jane was looking like she was genuinely feeling her body for the first time. Squeezing, rubbing, lightly scratching, a small smile on her face. Not the stilted, awkward way that she had started with.
Time for the next phase. "Jane, can you take off your crop please?"
She opened her eyes and smiled. The rising sun caught her face as she sat up and lit her messy long black hair. Her crop top was more for modesty than function, and I was looking forward to seeing her small tits.
She shyly put an arm over her chest as she removed her top. "They're not very big."
I said encouragingly, "They're boobs. To guys, size really doesn't matter. They may say it's important, but a glimpse of a nipple, any nipple, would be appreciated. I know I like them a bit bigger, but there's nothing wrong with yours. I'm sure they're quite suckable."
"Really? I thought most guys like big boobs. Huh." She removed her arm and awkwardly squeezed her small tits. It was pretty obvious she wasn't well built, but she did take after her mum in that area. Just a slight bump, and small, dark brown areoles surrounding what looked like a very small nipple.
"Beautiful." I breathed, and I meant it.
Jane giggled and blushed deeply. "That's bull. I'm not beautiful."
"That's your opinion, which is fine, but a lot of people think they're just average. I know I did when I was your age. Seriously dorky." I quickly bent down and kissed her big toe. "Then I met someone who really liked me, and my world changed. Hopefully, those things in your future will change you too. If you want it."
Jane stared at her toe and slowly wiggled it like she couldn't believe I'd just kissed it. "You ok?" I asked.
Jane nodded. "Yeah, thanks. Just thinking. Suckable..." She moved back to the middle seat, lifted her leg and gently placed it on my shoulder. I rubbed my cheek against her, glad that I hadn't bothered shaving. The scratchiness added something for me. I turned as far as I dared and licked the side of her foot. "Eww, that's gross." she giggled.
Jane was relaxing more and starting to react to what I was doing, so I decided to push her boundaries a little. "Oh, that's nothing. You have a nice foot. Besides, I can't really kiss anything else at the moment. Like your fanny, for example. I think it would be very tasty."
She giggled even more and slid an arm back over her boobs, but the other looked like it involuntarily dropped between her legs. "My fanny... Oh, I don't know if I could let someone do that. I mean, it's where I pee from."
I shrugged and went back to massaging her foot. "It's up to you. All the women I've been with like it, and I don't mind as long as they haven't had a leak recently. To be honest, I feel that if someone is prepared to let me have sex with them, then kissing their clit is the least I can do."
"Oh. Well, what if a guy asks me to kiss his thingy?"
"That's also up to you. Only do what you're comfortable with, but sex is a two way thing. Maybe try sucking a cock for a bit, but don't let them come in your mouth. And if they don't want to go down on you, don't go down on them. That's only fair."
Jane leaned back and looked out the side window with a thoughtful expression on her face. The fact she was half naked driving along the highway with an older guy stroking and kissing her foot seemed to have gone out of her head. I was a bit worried about her being naked in the back. We had gone through a couple of small villages but were now heading along a dual carriageway and soon through larger towns. The back windows had a light tint, so hopefully, no one would notice the naked girl in the back. Particularly cars that had blue lights as decorations.
"I guess it's just skin, isn't it?" She leaned forward to grab my hand and gingerly licked a finger. "No different to that."
"Not really. My dick's a bit softer. Well, it's actually pretty hard now..." Which was true. Very true. "Do you want to pretend my finger is a penis and suck it?"
"Maybe later. I really liked your massage. Can we keep going?"
"Sure. I think it's time though, to remove your shorts and undies."
Jane barely hesitated. The last of her clothing came off and her feet plonked back on the console before I had a chance to glimpse anything. All in good time.
"That was quick. You starting to enjoy it?"
Jane nodded shyly. She drew her feet back to the edge of the console and slowly spread her knees. "My umm... Fanny. No, my cunt. If I'm joining the Army, I should start using harder words. Shouldn't I?"
I had watched her in the mirror, but I now took a long look over my shoulder. Jane had roughly shaved her pubic hair, and her clit hood just peeked out of her vulva. I took a deep breath and looked forward. "Just be yourself. I vary my lingo depending on who I talk to. Don't force it otherwise you'll just come off as a smartarse."
I looked back over my shoulder and blew her a kiss. "You have a very nice fanny. I didn't expect it to be shaved." I reached out and drew her feet back towards me, slowly drawing the curtains back over my afternoon's work. If only all my work could be so pleasant.
Jane rubbed her mound. "Thank you. I'd like to thank my mum for giving me something nice. Hasn't given me much else," she said bitterly. She scratched her stubble. "Yeah, I started a few months ago when I first thought of this. We're only allowed a five minute shower so I can only do a bit at a time. Our hot water service isn't very good."
Jane had thought of letting me fuck her a couple of months ago? I was flattered. Concentrating on the road was now very difficult and massaging her feet again just settled me back down. I couldn't wait until we had finished for the day. Since my passenger had asked her question, I had been looking out for quiet spots away from the public. There weren't a lot of options though. All had an element of risk. The way I was feeling, I'd happily stump up the cash for a five star hotel to have a five star fuck with Jane. She deserved to have a special time but it wasn't something to be discussed now.
"Jane, please use one hand to squeeze your boobs and pinch your nipples. With the other, reach down between your legs and rub your clit. Lick your finger first to get a bit of moisture."
Jane licked her finger and frowned, slowly moving her finger over her split and around her labia.
"Open wide," I suggested.
Jane moved forward on the seat so her legs were open but I could still rub her feet. Her left hand was up high, poking and pinching her boobs. I caught a faint whiff of excitement from her as she pressed a finger into her gap and started rubbing. Hard.
"Hey! Whoa, whoa whoa. Take it easy. You'll give yourself a friction burn." I said, trying to stifle a laugh. "Start slow, find where you like it, then how you like it."
Jane glared at me, then her face softened to a smirk. In a blink her torso was balanced on the centre console, a leg stretched to each door. "So, show me where I should touch myself."
A cunt was under my elbow. I was driving along a major highway doing a hundred kays an hour with the very moist fanny of a young woman under my elbow. I really hoped the Highway Patrol in their new X5's didn't pass me and look in. "Oh, uh, hello. You are skinny, aren't you?"
My passenger arched her back, right leg across my lap, thrusting her bits higher. "Told you I was. Now, please show me where I should rub myself."
I pulled over onto the shoulder. This was not something to do while moving. "Ok, bum down and let's have a look."
She complied and pushed her shoulders up so she could watch.
"Ok, I'll have to be quick. You don't want a finger pushed in?"
Jane shook her head. "No, I want your cock to be the first thing in there."
"Fair enough. So, some women like their lips played with." I licked a couple of fingers and ran them around her inner labia. Jane dropped her head backwards and gave a deep, guttural groan of joy.
"Some like it a bit rough." I grabbed her meat between my thumb and forefinger and shook it gently. Her head snapped forward, her eyes opened wide and faint mewling fell out of her mouth.
This was fun. I wondered if the tournament would miss Jane, but a small segment of my brain managed to shove lust away long enough to insist that wouldn't be fair on her competitors. Besides, sitting on the side of the highway having sex would be just asking for trouble.
I sighed and went back to the task. Finding clitoris. "Ok, so you like that? Well, we could explore that a bit more, but not now. This is what I'm after."
I hooked two fingers under her hood and pulled it back. A small, pink nub appeared, glistening with Jane's excitement. Maybe an orgasm was possible. I licked my index finger and lightly rubbed the top. Jane clenched her teeth and squealed as I slowly circled her clit.
"Do that, ok? Maybe a little bit quicker, if you feel that's better. It's your body, it'll tell you."
Jane nodded, beads of sweat starting to appear on her forehead. "Ok. I'll try," she squeaked.
"Good girl." I leaned down and ran my tongue over her button and down to her vagina. She was delicious - sweet and moist, but with a hint of something savoury. Every vaj I'd tasted had its own unique flavour, and Jane's was probably the best of the lot. I wondered if all virgin vajs were so sweet.
"Ohhh, fuuuck..." she squealed and sharply thrust her hips up into my face. I ran my tongue around her vagina and reluctantly pulled away. I wasn't sure if she came, but there was a lot more leakage happening.
I patted her mound and tweaked a nipple. Jane wasn't the only one leaking. I could feel my inside leg getting wet. "Just do that, ok?"
Jane nodded, panting. "Ok. Andy, that was so awesome. I felt... I dunno, amazing. Like little explosions going off in me and turning me to jelly. Was that an...?"
I smiled at her as she dragged herself back to the rear seat. "That, I can't tell you. Maybe you did. The main thing is that you enjoyed it. You got very wet, and, by the way, you're very tasty."
She blushed deeply again, the flush nearly reaching her nipples. "Thank you. I never thought anyone would compliment me on how I tasted. That's still weird." She put one leg up on top of the back seat and the other in the foot well. "I guess I should lick your penis now, just to be fair?"
"Well, we'll see what happens this afternoon. You don't have to, but if we don't get a move on now, we'll be late." I flicked a glance to the outside mirror and booted it. Jane had settled back and was exploring her body with a bit more vigour. I pulled a hanky out of my pocket and stuffed it down my pants. "You've got about an hour, then you'd better get dressed. There'll be too many people around for you to be naked and playing with yourself."
Jane gave me a cheeky grin, something I'd never seen on her face before. "You sure? I want to get as much practice in as possible."
"Well, hide what you're doing under the blanket when we hit the suburbs. Gotta say I'm loving watching you train."
"No worries. Thanks for suggesting it. I'd never thought about asking about how to masturbate." Jane pulled her lips apart and bent forward to examine herself. "I'm going to have to find a quiet place to do more of this."
"Ooo great. If you want any help, give me a yell. My training fees are very reasonable."
Jane slowly rubbed herself and poked out her tongue. "I'll see. I just need to find somewhere I can be alone. This feels - unreal. I've missed so much..."
"Well, if it helps, I was a virgin until I was twenty one. You'll be fine. Just sit back, relax, and do whatever you want."
She nodded and pushed herself into the corner. I took a deep breath when Jane started exploring herself again and focused on the traffic slowly building up. We'd been passed by several cars, but no one seemed to notice what was going on in my car.
Sighs, groans, giggles, grunts, hisses and the odour of Jane having fun came out from the back. It was very distracting. I caught glimpses of her tugging and rubbing her tits and bits, trying different methods to see what worked for her. She even pushed a finger slightly into her vagina, pulled it out and stared thoughtfully at it.
We finally had to stop for a set of traffic lights. An old Hilux ute with a lift kit rattled up beside us and the young guy in the passenger seat glanced down, then looked up. His face furrowed and he turned to talk to the driver.
"Quick, blanket." I hissed.
Jane looked up at the ute from her labia stretching, gasped in shock, and threw the blanket over herself. The passenger turned back to stare at us, mouth open. I glanced up, gave him a wave and shot off the line when the lights changed.
"Sprung!" I laughed. "By the expression on that guy's face, I don't think he could believe what he was seeing!"
"Oh god, are you sure he saw me? I'm so embarrassed."
"Oh, he saw you all right. No doubt about it. Anyway, they've turned right but you'd better get dressed. Not much further."
Another whirl of body parts, and a fully dressed Jane was in the front passenger seat. Her face was flushed with the excitement of the past hour, and I guess knowing she had exposed herself to the travelling public. "That was so awesome. I've never done anything like that, ever. I've never ever even thought about that. What a rush..."
"You exhibitionist, you. One way to lift your adrenaline levels."
She took a deep breath and smiled that brilliant smile. It was the happiest I had ever seen her. "Yeah, I wasn't sure he'd seen me. He'd turned away when I looked up." Jane tugged my hand off the wheel and kissed the back. "Thank you again. That was the most I've ever done. It felt so good."
I pulled her hand to me and kissed it. "Again, thank you for letting me help and watch. It was very enjoyable. Anyway, time to focus on squash. So, what's the plan?"
"Settle down, play my best, have fun, win, get fucked."
I smiled and nodded my head. "Good girl. Don't tell anyone the last bit."
=====
Jane had given me a big hug and a kiss on the lips after she had signed in. "Bye. I'll catch you at lunchtime, and let you know if you're going to have to keep that promise."
I ruffled her hair. "Of course I will, if you keep your part of the deal. I'll try and catch a game. Go gettem."
She happily bounced off towards the competitors' change rooms, my mind spinning with the afternoon's possibilities.
The Volunteer Coordinator, Angela, who I vaguely knew, asked, "Is that your daughter?"
"Nah, she's our female champ. Bloody good player. I'm hoping she'll overcome any nerves and at least get a place."
Ange nodded. "I've seen her play. She's pretty good. So what's the deal? You going to buy her an ice cream if she wins?"
I chuckled and shook my head. "Yeah, nah. Something a bit more substantial. Meat and two veg..."
I left behind a very confused looking Angela as I wandered off to my first assignment.
=====
The day zipped by. Squash isn't very popular anymore and I knew most of the volunteers by sight. I managed to catch a preliminary game of Jane's when I had a break. She ripped the other poor girl to shreds. In most tournaments Jane's game was hesitant, like she still had doubts about her skill. It didn't matter that she was the best in our club, having to play State or National champions always intimidated her. Not today. Her whole body exuded confidence and she stalked around the court like she owned it. I had no doubts I was going to be fucking her later. She wasn't playing like she was possessed. It was a cold, calculated game that had the other volunteers who'd seen her play before in awe.
"Geez, she's really lifted her game since last year. What've you done to her?" one guy asked.
I shrugged. "Nothing we've done. It's all her. Just needed to find some confidence and the right incentive." I glanced at my watch and realised my break was nearly over. 'Crap. I'd better nip out to the supermarket.'
=====
"I WON! Iwoniwoniwon!!!" Jane hugged me and buried her face in my shirt. She started to cry as the emotions of the day rolled over her. Honestly, I don't think what we had planned was on her mind at that moment. She'd defeated her demons and managed to outlast the now deposed National Champion.
"That was an unbelievable game, no, an unbelievable tournament. Absolutely fantastic Jane. I'm so proud of you."
Jane lifted her head and gave me the biggest smile I'd ever seen on her. "Thanks to you. All thanks to you. I can't believe it. I'm the State Champion! That's just... amazing."
I wiped a couple of happy tears away from her face and kissed her forehead. "We knew you could do it, but I tell you what. You had Symonne scared when you were up seven - four in the third. I could see her starting to panic and you just rolled right over her."
Jane bounced around on her toes and chuckled. Her grin wasn't going anywhere for a long time. "Yep. She hated those high loopy serves you taught me. I could hear her grinding her teeth when they dropped right into the corner. Anyway, can we please go? We've got a long drive and I want to show this to my parents. Waste of time, my arse..."
"Yep, no worries. Let's trundle."
We said our goodbyes and Jane accepted the congratulations from the close-knit squash community. Eventually, we extracted ourselves and drove off. Jane bounced on the seat holding the trophy like she was scared it was going to run away.
"Feeling good?" I asked.
"Oh yeah. I feeeel good. I knew that I would..."
I raised my eyebrow and glanced at her. I didn't think anyone her age would know James Brown. We hadn't listened to anything on the way up, but I found an upbeat playlist that fitted the day.
"You thirsty?" I asked.
Jane nodded, head bopping to 'Uptown Funk'.
"Alcoholic or non?"
"Alcoholic, please. I really could do with a decent drink."
"Yep, it's time for a bit of a celebration. It'll help you relax when the time comes for, you know. You don't want to be too tense." I reached behind me and pulled a raspberry vodka cruiser out of a cooler bag. I handed her the bottle and grabbed a cola for me.
"Congratulations Jane. That was a good day's work."
She clinked her bottle against mine. "Thanks, I really appreciate all you've done." She took a sip and sighed. Jane alternately stared at the bottle and the trophy. Occasionally she glanced at me, then quickly looked away. It had been a full day, and I assumed she was trying to figure out what was going to happen next. "So Andy, what's the plan?"
"Well, there's two options. One, I book into a motel. Nice and quiet, comfortable and we can take our time. Two, there's a couple of outdoor spots about an hour or so away I've found that look pretty secluded. Shouldn't be anyone around at this time of the year, but there's a risk of getting caught. We'd have to be pretty quick in case someone did roll up. Your choice. It is your virginity, after all."
"Ah..." Jane had a bit more of her drink and contemplated the options. I wasn't fussed either way. Both had their attractions, but Jane was obviously the main event.
"Well, I really don't know about it now. Going to a motel seems a waste of money for maybe ten minutes. I guess outdoors." she mused. "Yeah, outside. I like the sound of that, I suppose."
"No worries then. I'll head to the first spot I found." I punched the address into the GPS. I furrowed my brow and thought about what Jane had just said. It seemed slightly odd. "About three quarts of an hour. Have a snooze if you want."
"Nah, I'm still pretty hyped up. I might just play with myself if that's ok? Try and get in the mood again."
I bit my bottom lip and shook my head. "I'm not going to say no."
Jane placed her drink in the cup holder and carefully placed her trophy on the back seat. "And off they come! Woo hoo, no pants until we get home!"
I glanced sideways at Jane's roughly shaven play toy. Eight hours. It had only been eight hours since we'd started this adventure. It had been one hell of a day, and it wasn't finished. Jane leaned the seat back and swung a leg over the centre console. She seemed excited, even though her declaration seemed a bit forced. A quick feel and she held her fingers, glistening with her essence, up to my face.
"I guess I'm still looking forward to sex. I don't think I've ever felt so tingly."
"Yeah, I reckon you're excited." I caught her wrist and pulled her hand to my mouth. Licking her fingers I growled, "Mmm, sweaty pussy juice. Tasty..."
Jane giggled and pulled her hand away. "I showered!" she protested.
"Maybe so, but the taste is still there. Your, umm, excitement is flowing pretty hard."
She looked down between her legs. "No it's not!"
"Made you look."
Jane kicked my leg. "You can be a pain, you know? Maybe I'll just finger myself and get it over with that way."
"Well, if you want. I'll just, you know, jerk off while you do. Like, it'll be a waste of a hard cock but if you're sure..."
Jane started rubbing herself again and slapped me on the shoulder. "Well, I guess that wouldn't be fair." she laughed. "I guess I have been teasing your thingy. He probably should see some real action."
"He has been looking forward all day to it. He's certainly been making his intentions known."
Jane nodded thoughtfully and relaxed back in the seat. I dropped a hand and rested it on her inner thigh. Low enough to not impede her, high enough to occasionally touch her. Every time I did, a glorious shiver went through her lithe body. Even so, something seemed a bit off with her now, something I couldn't quite put my finger on. I took a deep breath and kept going. Whatever she was chewing over would eventually come out.
I turned off the highway towards a State Park I had noted on the way up. A check of the map at the tournament showed that there were a couple of lookouts and a rough campsite that had possibilities. Jane looked up with interest as we drove through the tall gums, two fingers still circling her clit. I didn't know how she was going to please herself when she got back home, considering her living arrangements.
"This looks nice. Nearly there then?"
I nodded, "Yeah, about ten minutes I guess. There's a carpark near a lookout. Hopefully, no one's there, but I've got a couple of other options just in case."
The road climbed steeply and we caught occasional glimpses of the valley below. I turned onto a gravel track and bumped along to a clearing.
"Looking good. No one here."
I went to get out, but Jane put a hand on my arm. "Andy, I'm not sure about this. Am I doing the right thing? I mean, I really want to, but..." She shrugged helplessly.
I placed my hand on her arm and said in what I hoped was a supportive voice. "That's ok. I understand. Honestly, no matter what you thought, having sex for the first time should be a bit special."
I inhaled deeply, then slowly exhaled as I went over what Jane had just said. 'OH YOU HAVE TO BE FUCKING JOKING! SERIOUSLY? WE'VE GONE THROUGH ALL THIS, AND YOU'RE NOW HAVING DOUBTS? FOR FUCK'S SAKE JANE!!! THAT IS NOT FAIR!'
I patted her hand and inclined my head towards the lookout. "Come on, let's have a look."
Jane nodded and picked up her shorts, then tossed them into the back seat with a shrug. "Guess I don't need those. I mean, it's not like I need to hide anything from you."
'HELL'S TEETH GIRL! JUST BEND OVER AND I'LL FUCK YOU SO HARD YOUR TEETH WILL RATTLE! THEN, YOU FUCKING TEASE, YOU CAN FUCK OFF TO BOOT CAMP.'
I laughed and shook my head. "Nope. It's a sight I won't forget."
We grabbed our drinks and walked to a low stone fence with an iron rail. Jane leaned on it, and I followed suit.
"This is gorgeous." Jane sighed. She was right. The clearing looked out over the valley, the edge of suburbia just visible to the east, dense bush in front, farmland to the west. Not a sound disturbed us except the breeze rustling the eucalypts. Very calm, very nice. Hopefully, very private.
We sipped our drinks and took in the view. My brain was still simmering with the bombshell, but I told it to shut up and get over it. I was still optimistic. Jane was nervous. I got that. On my first attempt I was so nervous I came before I entered. My girlfriend had sighed, gave me an encouraging smile, and started all over again.
Jane said quietly. "I hope you're not mad, Andy. I'm... I dunno. Freaked out a bit, I guess." She turned to look at me. "Could you do it another day? Maybe at your place?"
I stared into the distance, my disappointment fading slowly. "Yeah nah, not really a good idea. You were worried about what people would say if a guy spilled his guts after fucking you. How'd it look if someone spotted you at my house. Even if it was completely innocent, certain people would still take two and two and make sixty nine."
"Yeah, like Lynn I guess." A faint smile flickered across her face. "So no chance you'd take in a boarder?"
I put my arm around Jane's waist and pulled her to me. "I'd love to have you around, if Kirb's was here. We had talked about renting a room out, but being alone with you in the house would be bad. I'd love to do the 'friends with benefits' thing, though. If you want, and we were very discreet."
After an eternity she turned and put her arms around my waist. "I do want. I really do want." She looked over the valley and smiled. "This is perfect for the first one. I love the bush. I can't think of a better spot." Jane pulled my head to her's and gently kissed me. "I want you to do it while I look over the valley. Is that ok?"
I reached behind her head and slowly massaged her scalp. Naturally, I had forgiven her hesitation. She had every right to be nervous. "Sure, that's not a problem. However you want it." I embraced her hard and kissed her mouth. My tongue touched her lips and pushed them apart. Jane hesitated then slightly opened up and touched her tongue to mine. I figured this was new to her as well. I dropped a hand down her back and under her shirt. She groaned as I lightly scratched her back, slowly creeping higher. I wasn't really surprised when I didn't come across her crop top so my other hand went up her front and over her boob.
"Oh yesss..." she sighed. "That feels better than me doing it." Jane pushed me away and removed her shirt, then grabbed my hand to put it back where she wanted it.
I slowly massaged her little tits. They were small, but her nipples were sensitive. A touch of my thumb sent a shiver through her, every single time. Her skin was so soft, so smooth. I was regretting not insisting on a motel where we could have had full body contact.
Jane had her eyes closed and was panting with emotion. "Please Andy. Can we do it? Do it now? I so want it."
"Oh yeah, of course. Need to grab my shopping. I got some essentials." I ran my hand down her naked front and wiggled my finger in her belly button, getting a giggle and a slap for my trouble. "Back in a tick."
The car was only about thirty steps away, but it seemed to take forever to cover the distance. I grabbed the bag and turned, then stopped to gaze at a naked Jane. She was looking out over the valley, arms resting on the fence and feet slightly apart. Waiting for me. Waiting for her prize. Waiting for something that would make her feel complete. I hoped. I quickly stripped off and tossed my clothes on the front seat.
"It's a fantastic view from here. The landscape looks good too."
Jane turned her head and gasped. She slowly rose and ran her eyes over my body. I'd never make the cut with Manpower, but I wasn't a blob of lard either. Thinking about it, I was probably the first live naked bloke Jane had ever seen.
Jane's eyes had, unsurprisingly, settled on my dick. It was rock hard and straining to reach her. It hurt. I'd never had such a raging hard on. She stepped towards me and lightly touched my tip. I clenched so it jumped and she quickly pulled back giggling.
"So that's going into me? Wow." She reached forward again and squeezed each side of my shaft. Emboldened when it didn't bite, she crouched and wrapped her hand around me. "Wow. Your fun stick's leaking."
I bit my bottom lip and slowed my breathing. The last thing I wanted to do was spray Jane with my cum now. "Yep. That's precum, and it means I'm getting really excited. He's had a fun day and wants to get to work."
"Ok, sounds good to me." She poked out her tongue and hesitantly moved toward me. "No, no, I can't do it. It just seems icky," she mumbled.
"That's fine. Can you please lean against the rail again? I need to get you ready."
Puzzled, Jane went back to her spot. It was my turn to crouch down and examine my partner. My friend. I pushed her legs slightly wider so her soft, damp vagina was visible without me needing to open her. I rubbed her bum as I stared at her virgin cunt, wondering when I became so lucky. Honestly, the virginity was an unimportant side issue. Jane liked me, trusted me with something special of hers. To me, that was the thing I was the most grateful for.
"I'm going to touch your cunt. I'm going to push in slightly, but only to your hymen. Ok?"
"Ok," she sighed, hardly more audible than the breeze through the trees.
I pushed my thumbs into her and carefully pulled her apart. And there it was. The thin membrane that she wanted gone. I licked my lips and stared, trying to sear this vision into my memory. This was my first time as well. I had never seen an unfucked fanny before, and it was beautiful. Just a small hole, waiting for me to push through and destroy it forever.
"I, umm, got some lube to help. I've also got condoms. I'd like to come in you, but not uncovered. That could be bad."
Jane looked up. "Geez, I didn't think of that. Glad you did." She turned her head to me. "Can you do the start naked? I'd like to feel it without anything on you."
"Sure, I'll give it a go. I suggest some lube though. I suspect you'll be very tight."
Jane nodded and looked back over the valley. I applied a smear to her and a generous coating on me. I had no idea what to expect, but I thought a decent amount couldn't hurt.
My dick was protesting. It knew what was waiting and it wanted cunt. Now. I stood and rubbed it over her arse, then along her lips and pressed against her. "Ready?"
"Oh, yeah. Ready."
I gently pushed. Slowly, millimetre by millimetre I entered. I could sense Jane's eyes had opened wide. Her head was thrown back and she was panting hard. Once my tip was in, I grabbed her hips so I could control our movements. She was so tight. I didn't know if that was her natural state or just tension.
"Holy shit!" she squealed.
I decided to stop and let her get used to the feeling. "That's about two centimetres. How are you?"
"Fuck that hurts. That's all?" she gasped. "God, it feels like it's so much more. How much to go?"
"If I go all in - about ten or twelve I guess. Let me know when you want me to move." I reached down and handed Jane a bottle of water. She squirmed as I moved but gratefully took the drink.
"Ok, ok, I'm fine. Keep going."
I patted her bum and pushed until I felt some resistance. "And there we are Jane, the point of no return. I believe this may sting. Ok?"
Jane gave one sharp nod and I pushed through. She squealed loudly, then collapsed on the rail. "Oww. God, that hurts so much more than those bitches said it would. Geez. Is that it? Is it gone?"
"Yes, you are no longer a virgin, but there's a bit more to go." I pursed my lips as I slowly pushed myself all the way home. "And that's it. All in."
"Oh god. That feels - good? I don't really know. I can feel where you tore me. That hurts. It's easing off, but..." She looked back at me, that brilliant smile back. "I'll get used to it. I like it. I like it a lot. I'm yours to use now. I'm a happy girl."
I leaned forward and kissed her back. I pulled out slightly, then forward. It was like my dick was clamped in place. I slowly started rocking, lengthening my strokes, increasing my speed. Very aware that my dick was naked, very aware that Jane had a death grip on the rail.
"Shiiiaart... Take it easy, please," she grimaced. "That's good but it's still stinging."
I slowed right down and added a few extra drops of lube to my cock. I had planned to exit about now and put on a franger, but the tightness of Jane's cunt had me rethinking. I ran my fingers down her back and asked, "Jane, if I pull out I may not easily go back in. Do you trust me?"
She looked back at me, face mottled, hair matted with sweat. "Yeah, yeah I do. Of course. You wouldn't be where you are if I didn't."
I grabbed her hips. "Fair call. Ok, I'm going to slowly speed up. When I think I'm about to come, I'll pull out. That'll be quick, and I have no idea what you'll feel."
"No worries. Go for it. I'll be fine." Jane turned her gaze back to the horizon and gripped the rail again. I wasn't sure if I was hurting her or she was just tense.
Jane moaned as the cock worked its magic in her. Andy was right. This was nothing like what she had expected sex to be like, how the feelings at one end of her body ignited every nerve in the rest. It had been a painful introduction but the moving, lubricated cock was soothing her nervous, sore cunt. She closed her eyes and tried to focus on him now, not on what had just happened. Sliding slowly through her body. Filling her in a way she never expected. Being... Intimate. Allowing someone to actually be a part of her. She didn't want or expect anything more from Andy, but it was nice to be so close to someone.
I wondered what Jane was feeling, but I refocused on my own feelings in my cock. I was getting close. I could have just pulled out and wanked myself to a climax but I was confident I could time my exit to a stroke or two. I hadn't had sex for yonks and this was so good. Jane was so good.
I twitched. My time was up. I took a deep breath and reluctantly pulled out of my companion. Three strokes with my hand and I let go over her arse. Three white stripes of me. And a few spots.
"Eww, what was that?" Jane flinched as I sprayed myself over her. She patted the goo and looked at her fingers. "That's from you? Yuck."
"Well, it wasn't from a passing budgie." I laughed and patted her dry bum cheek. "That is semen Jane, and it's mine. Give me a sec and I'll clean you up."
Jane sniffed the cum on her fingers and wrinkled her nose. "Can't understand why women swallow this or let it spray across their face."
I'd pulled a packet of baby wipes out of the shopping bag and handed one to her. "Well, I don't like oysters but others'll wolf them down. Same thing, people's taste differ."
She wiped her fingers clean and nodded. "Suppose so. I've only had oysters a couple of times and didn't mind them."
I wiped my semen off her bum and started to clean my dick. A smear of blood was mixed in the lube coating. "You've bled a bit. You ok?"
She stood and nodded. "A bit sore, and I feel uncomfortable... down there." Jane gingerly inserted a finger and rolled it around. "I don't think I'm still bleeding. I'm umm, a bit more open, aren't I?"
"Reckon so. Let's have a peek."
Jane leaned her back against the fence and stretched a leg on the top of the rail. I squatted in front of her and gently pulled her apart. She hissed as I gently touched her torn flesh.
"Huh. Well, there you go. A bit of blood, and yes. Your hole is quite a bit wider." I inhaled the scent of a freshly fucked vagina with vanilla lube overtones. I carefully wiped the lube and blood smears from her glorious vagina. It had been a great day.
"Well miss," I said, standing up and pulling her into a hug, "Thank you for that. I hope you enjoyed it."
Jane smiled and rested her head on my chest. "I'm fucked in more ways than one. That first push - ouch. But I could feel you hit my inside when you went all in and it didn't hurt there. Anyway, thanks for that but can we go? I'm really tired."
"Sure." I picked up my stuff and put my arm around Jane's waist. "Want to nap in the back again? And I've got some Panadol if you want."
"Yes and yes please. I still feel a bit uncomfortable inside. It's a really weird feeling."
=====
"Andy? I was thinking..."
Jane had fallen asleep pretty much immediately in the back seat. She hadn't bothered dressing, just pulled the blanket over herself and curled into a ball. I hardly heard a peep out of the back seat for about an hour. Five squash matches and a first time fuck really took the energy out of her.
I readjusted the mirror so I could see her. "Mmm?"
"Well, I'm the State champ now. I'd like to have a shot at the Nationals. Watcha think? Would the club sponsor me?"
This was definitely a different girl to who I drove up. We had to coax her to play in any tournament so her considering playing at the Nats was a big thing. "Good idea. Well, I reckon everyone will be happy to support you. That's the whole reason we do fundraising."
Jane worked her way into the front seat. She had a wicked smile on her face and pulled her labia lips apart. "And I'd like you to be my coach over there. If you want."
I reached across and squeezed her thigh. "Of course I will. Does this mean you want some... umm, one on one coaching on off court activities as well?"
Jane laughed and pulled my hand higher. "Yes. Oh yes please."