In my day-to-day life, I am the facilitator in my home. I am the person who makes things happen. I get my child to school. I do the grocery shopping. I plan the vacations, the date nights and the get together with friends. I "Mommy blog" my heart out. I cook the meals, wash the clothes, scoop the dog shit from the yard, paint the fence and build and maintain the gardens. I volunteer for local charity organizations. I organize my fellow parents in our community. My list of responsibilities goes on and on. I do quality work without complaint — and I do it all pro bono. This means I'm in high demand and my days are scheduled out to the minute. I am also usually the first person up and the last person asleep.
So, it doesn't seem like a leap to me that after a while, I'd want something that was just mine. Something outside of the home I've worked hard for and love, but still refer to as my cage. I want to be in charge of my own destiny, wake up when my body wakes up and not do anything for anyone else. It's why every once in a while I plan a trip, just for me, to some exciting North American location.
When I started taking me-only vacations, it was usually a girls' spa weekend somewhere with a close friend. Sometimes it was me alone in a city like New York or Los Angeles. But lately, each summer, I return to the same summer time location on the off chance that I'll be able to get together with Lover.
Our usual meet up place is an extremely accessible coastal city with lots of beaches and privacy. No one we know lives there, but it is close enough to a major city that is convenient with Lover's work travel.
My life changes during our time there. I sleep in. I read books. I walk around our cottage naked. He cooks for me. We make love. I watch TV that's not animated. There's nothing to clean. There's no one to look after. No one makes any real demands on my time, and I can pretty much do whatever I want. It is, after all, vacation.
Lover is an amazing man. He's brilliant and observant. He's an artist that isn't partial to sentimentality. He likes to tell me when I'm acting like too much of a girl. He also likes to impart pieces of knowledge about life and does his best not to be patronizing. Since he's a decade and a half older than I am, I do my best not to take offense at his sometimes biased suggestions. I never comment on his life, mostly because he never asks. But I always feel like I'm asking him questions about my life and its meaning.
Lover enjoys my amusing quirks, but even more so, he loves pushing my buttons. He likes watching me come out of my shell and do things that I, in my every day life, would never, ever consider doing.
This was one of those mornings. I woke up, not to the expected snobby coffee and pastries (an added bonus to vacationing with someone who's French), but to a small note safety pinned to my panties. It read: "Ma petite chat, I've gone to the nude beach. See you there."
"Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck!" I shout while unpinning the note. This is part of our relationship. He tells me to do something, and as long as it's within reason, I am expected to fulfill his request. He knows that because I'm so in charge of my every day life, I like to be a little submissive from time to time, and only with him.
But up until this point my exhibitionist tendencies have been solely kept to the Internet. I would refer to them as baby steps. Mostly because at home, I can control the lighting and the photo taking, but having a beach full of people see my every stretch mark, every roll of flab and every poorly trimmed pubic hair made me extraordinarily self-conscious.
The idea of a nude beach is supposed to be natural and freeing, like breastfeeding. It's not sexual to see a woman's naked breast in action-- it's just her feeding her baby. Nude beaches were the same, supposedly. People enjoying the sun on their bodies in the bathing suits that nature provided. It's supposed to be non-sexual, even with people exhibiting their sexual parts.
So why did the Puritan in me think that the beach was going to be riddled with masturbators and beautiful female porn stars who perform sex acts for them?
I sighed and got into the shower. I washed and conditioned my long, blonde hair. I shaved everywhere possible (twice, just to be sure). I brushed my teeth and washed my face. I was in that shower a really, really long time. So long that I knew I was in trouble when the cottage phone rang. I turned off the water and listened to the message, "Get your ass down here and stop stalling." It was Lover, and not surprisingly, he was impatient.
"Fuck."
I wore a pair of cutoffs and a tank top. My mesh swim bag hung over my shoulder. It contained: a large towel, a book to read, bottled water, some fruit and sunblock. I wore my bathing suit underneath my clothes, which I knew I'd be in trouble for. When I had all of my stuff together, I climbed onto my bike and road to the beach a mile and a half down the way.
I followed the clearly marked signs leading me to the secluded Clothing Optional Beach. When I got to the bike rack, it was close to 10:30 a.m. It was a Friday, so there weren't too many weekend people there, yet, but I did notice that most of the beach was made up of either attractive, young men in their 20's or extremely overweight men in their 40's.
"They must be waiting for the porn stars," I mumbled clipping the U-Bar around my bike. I looked around the beach for a while before I saw that Lover had a primo spot. He was far up the beach half under a large tree, which was losing its shade as the sun rose higher. It also was far enough way from other beach goers, so that we weren't on top of anyone.
I walked toward the water and got my feet wet. It was late summer, and the water was starting to chill. It might be feel better as the sun gets hotter, I thought.
When I reached Lover, he was lying on his back on a large, blue striped beach towel reading, "Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance."
"How nice of you to join me," he said. "I almost thought you weren't going to show." I don't think he looked up from his book, but with his sunglasses on, I couldn't tell.
"Are you annoyed?" I asked as I threw my bag on the sand and laid out my towel next to his.
"Not yet," he answered very nonchalantly.
I pulled off my cut offs and my tank top, shoved them into my bag and laid down on my stomach with my Carl Hiaasen book in hand. I knew he was staring at my very conservative red tankini with disappointment.
"Ah-hem," he said.
"What?"
"Lose the suit."
"Clothing OPTIONAL, Lover," I said smiling.
He grumbled. "You have to give me something. Did you notice it's all men here? I got hit on twice."
"Only twice?" I teased finally understanding his mood. I looked around. My god, they were all gay. Good for them, I thought. "You know, there was a time in your life when you would have welcomed their attention," I reminded him.
Lover opened his mouth and half closed his eyes conceding the point. "Regardless of my past liaisons, ma biche, please give me something besides the water to look at."
I sighed, put my book down and sat up. "Are you watching me or reading your book?"
He took off the sunglasses and squinted in the bright sun. I put my fingers underneath the long top and pulled it over my head. My bare back was facing the rest of the beach, but Lover was staring at my chest. "We should put lotion on those right away. It's not an area we want to get burned."
I shook my head a little, amused with his giddiness, and passed him the lotion. "Here, you do the honors," I said lying down on my back.
Having a partner apply sunblock can go one of two ways. Either it's nonchalant and fast and goopy because he's not paying attention or it's cruel foreplay. With Lover, it's always the latter. He squirted the lotion in little dabs around my breasts. By the time he was done, my breasts looked like flowers.
"Turn your head and look at everyone else," Lover commanded. I look. No one in particular is looking our way. While I watched a man 20 yards away do a sloppy sunblock job for his boy friend, Lover licked the center of my right nipple.
"We're in public."
"That's the turn on isn't it?" he asked while putting his hand over my breast and gently and slowly rubbing the lotion in first to my left breast then to my right, followed by my shoulders, chest and stomach. He made several unnecessary passes over the top of my breasts turning the moments into lubricated nipple play fests. I can't help but breathe harder and push my hips up.
He kissed me on my lips. "Do you want more?" he asked.
"Yes, sir," I replied. I was all worked up.
"Good Girl," he kissed me again before pulling himself up on his knees. His erection was just beginning to form as he hooked his thumbs into my suit bottoms and pulled them over my hips and down my legs.
"Turn onto your side facing the beach," he said. Obediently, I rotated so that I was looking at all of the men on the beach. "Touch your breasts."
Lover made a line of sunblock from my ankle up my leg, over my hip and up my side. As his hands rubbed the lotion into me, I teased my nipples until they were standing at full attention. That's when I noticed someone watching. He was one of the overweight 40 year olds with a receding hairline. He was standing at the water holding the hand of a woman when he spotted me. And now that I had an audience member, I stiffened.
"You can stop touching yourself, if you want," Lover said. "Just keep his eye contact." Lover never misses anything. He's the only man I know who sees all of the details without losing sight of the big picture.
I kept looking at the man as Lover laid down behind me and inserted a couple fingers into my vagina. "Pretend it's me fucking you from behind."
I was pretty sure no one could see what Lover was doing, given that we were at the very end of the beach and all the action was behind my back, but the naughty feeling of knowing that I was getting off while this normal, every day guy watched was exhilarating. I came quickly and rolled onto my back to kiss Lover, but he had already moved on.
"I'm going to go in the water," he said. "I want you to lie, legs wide open the whole time I'm gone, so if anyone walks by they can see how swollen and wet you are."
"Can I at least put more sunblock on?"
"Of course."
So, off he went with his pseudo hard on into the cool water. I went to work applying sunblock everywhere it could be rubbed that Lover might have missed. Outside of my legs and arms, the core part of my body hand never been exposed to sunlight. I'm pretty sure that as I was putting the lotion on my lily, white ass that I blinded a few of the beachgoers down the way.
After I was done, I did take notice that the beach was starting to get more full. It wasn't unusual that people had taken off from work in the morning and driven out of the city for a weekend at the beach. I just wasn't usually at this beach when it happened.
Folks came to the nude beach from all walks of life. There were men and women of all nationalities and, from what I could tell by the hand holding, all sexualities. And none of the visitors looked like porn stars. They were all shapes and sizes and ages, but the one precursor was that if you weren't with a partner, you were apparently fresh meat.
It made me happy that Lover's towel was next to me. It indicated that I wasn't alone. Or so I thought. But 10 minutes later, it happened.
"I tried that once," a quiet voice said.
"Excuse me?" I asked looking up from my book.
"I brought another towel and a book and laid it next to me thinking the vultures would stay away, but they caught on," the voice answered. It was a man, in his early 30's, like me, spreading out a blanket. He had a slight southern drawl to his words like he once lived in Texas or Georgia. He looked like a cowboy; all that was missing was the hat.
"No, my b—" I stopped suddenly. I had never called him my boyfriend before. A 48- year-old man isn't a boyfriend, is he? Partner? That sounds like we're in business together or like we're in a bad western. Crap. What was he?
"You have beautiful breasts," Cowboy said. "Amazing really." The man removed his shorts and his t-shirt revealing a smooth, tan body. Unlike my farmer-tanned body, it was obvious that Cowboy wasn't new to nude beaches.
"Thanks," I said.
"Right," he answered putting on his headphones.
I looked to the water. Lover was nowhere to be seen. "Great," I said under my breath. "Wonderful."
I kept my nose in my book and turned over onto my belly, still with my legs parted. I read a few chapters and then drifted off to a semi-sleep.
"You're getting red," Cowboy said. He was kneeling next to me on my towel. "I'll put some of this on your back for you, if you'll put some on mine."
"I, um, I, um—"
"Sweetheart, it's just your back. I promise I'll be a gentleman," Cowboy said while flashing me a grin of completely straight and white teeth.
"Fine," I finally answered. I should have known better, because rather than give me the gloppy, sloppy mess, he massaged me like a pro. "You're pretty good with that lotion," I purred.
"Occupational hazard of a former masseuse," he answered. "My turn."
I sat up and moved up on my towel, so he could sit between my legs. I put the sunblock in my hand and tried to do an adequate job of sunblock coverage. When I was done, I handed him back the bottle. "Thank you," I said.
"I'm Doug," he said flashing me another smile.
"Hi Doug. I'm Jane," I answered.
"Nice to meet you," he said shaking my hand. Like Lover he looked me straight in the eye rather than directly at my breasts when he talked. "You on vacation alone, Jane?" He asked.
"No, I'm with," I looked out over the water again, "my incredible disappearing significant other," I answered.
"Well, if you're going to insist he exists, he's crazy dumb to leave you alone on this beach," he answered.
"I can take care of myself," I answered matter-of-factly.
"I'm sure you can, but if you need a stand-in boyfriend, I'm just a few feet away, okay? And don't fall asleep again. I worry about your skin."
Cowboy stood as he said this, his nearly hairless penis, which had hung between his legs when he approached, seemed a bit more perky than it was before. Seeing it made me suddenly want sex.
Lover was still nowhere to be seen, but Cowboy made it known that he was staring at only me. He'd pretend to read his book, body pointed in my direction. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see him staring at me. He'd look at my legs and my long hair down my back. I bent a leg and he tilted his head. He paid so much attention to me that I went from being simply turned on to ready to go. I rolled over on my side so I faced him. It was still under the pretense that I was reading my book.
When I looked up, his eyes were on my pussy. It had been worth spending so much time shaving that morning. I reached a funny part of the book, and started laughing. While rolling onto my back I opened my legs wide, in case Lover was still out there watching me.
And then "absent-mindedly," in the heat of my attraction, I moved my right hand, which had rested on my hip, and slid it to my clit. To me, it was an act of comfort. To Cowboy, it was an open invitation.
He stood up and walked toward the water. Then he turned around and watched me as my hand moved ever so slowly in clockwise circles.
"Jane?" Cowboy asked.
I stopped playing and sat up, "Yes?"
"Come swimming with me," he said.
"It's too cold for me," I answered. "But it might be a good idea if you went and cooled off."
"Why?"
At that moment, Lover came out of the water. He eyed the younger man and said, "She causing you any trouble?" Lover was at least five inches taller than Cowboy.
Cowboy looked at me. "This the boyfriend?"
"Yup," I answered.
Lover's eyes moved between Cowboy and me.
"It was nice to meet you, Jane," Cowboy finally said before turning and getting into the water.
"Jane?" Lover asked raising his eyebrows. "You don't look anything like a Jane." He smirked a little, but then his face turned pseudo serious. "I can't leave you alone, can I?"
"Where the hell were you?" I inquired. "You've been gone for like an hour."
"Watching you from down the way," he said emotionless. "Get your stuff. I've seen enough."
I'd never seen him react this way. "Wait, are you mad?" I asked pulling my cutoffs on.
"Why would I be mad?" he said quietly, shaking out his towel. Lover didn't make eye contact with me. It wasn't a good sign.
"You were jealous?"
"That's just ridiculous," he muttered stuffing everything in his bag. "Are you ready?"
I stood with my bag over my shoulder wearing only my cut offs. "Yup."
"You're going to walk out of here topless?" he asked in disbelief.
I moved closer to him. "I'll put my shirt on in a minute, if you want me to, but he's watching us."
"What does that mean?"
I looked around. No one was watching us, but the beach was full.
"Turn me toward him. Play with my breasts. Make me shiver and shake," I said. "Then I'll walk back to the bike topless holding your hand. Hell, if you want, I'll bike back to the cottage topless, just as long as it brings an end to your mental, mid-life crisis."
And for once, Lover did what I asked of him.