Excerpts from the Diary of Peggy Douglas
The unexpected aftermath of amateur night at the strip club.
Eighteen year old, home schooled Peggy has been keeping a diary since she was 8. In the previous excerpt she acted on her exhibitionist tendencies and became a nude model and entered an amateur night strip contest.
Jan 24
Diary, I'm sure you're anxious to know about the amateur night. Well, I won the contest, such as it was. There were only four other girls and I didn't think any of them were very attractive. You know I think my body is too chunky but I also know I have a cute face, and my modelling has gotten me believing that my body is at least okay. Two of the other girls were just as chunky, if not more so and, trying to be modest about it, not nearly as cute as I am. One was thin but without much of a figure and the last was tall and thin with huge, obviously fake, breasts. None of them had spent much time thinking about their dances. The one without a figure did some athletic moves on the pole but most of them just strolled around the stage and then rolled around, showing off their genitals, spreading their legs and labia for the guys. I planned my routine to do plenty of flashing so that wasn't a problem and I got a nice cheer for my first routine.
The fake breast girl was my competition in the finals and she did the same routine. Having a different routine meant I won by a landslide. But diary, I had spent so much time thinking about my dance that I forgot the reason for doing this: the excitement of being nude and exposing myself in front of a bunch of guys. I'll have to go back. Except they don't allow winners to compete for two months.
The surprise was what happened afterward. Sarah, her mom and two other strippers took me to the upstairs room. "The Captain" was there with four other guys. I thought the other guys were cops but Sarah said one of them was a city councilman and one of the other strippers said one was rich lawyer. I'm not sure they really knew. What I do know is that Captain pulled me aside and said, "We had a great fuck a couple of weeks ago, didn't we?"
I'm not sure I really agreed but said "yes". Anyway he asked if I'd be up to fucking one of these guys. I looked around and decided there'd be no downside. They were all dressed in suits and looked respectable and decent. Once again, feelings of naughty excitement took over and I agreed.
The Captain had something planned. The guys had purchased tickets with their names and put them bags, one bag for each of the girls. They could put more tickets into the bag for the stripper or for me that they wanted most. The Captain said half the money went to help me win. I said I didn't think I needed the help. He laughed and agreed. The other half was for the girl whose bag the ticket was placed in.
Believe it or not, diary, mine was a big bag and way full, almost $200. More guys wanted me! Now that I think about it, it was probably because I was the new girl. They may have been with the strippers before. They drew for me last. All the other girls were paired up and there was one guy who didn't have a girl. But whoever got me would exchange his girl with that guy. They drew the ticket for a guy named Randy. He had to give up Sarah. She hugged me as I went to Randy who was young and a real hunky guy, well over six foot and his body felt like concrete when he took me into his arms. Sarah had told me he was kinda famous but I didn't know him. He was completely bald but he told me he kept it shaved. He must have shaved it recently because it was smooth as a billiard ball, not a hint of stubble.
They had a mattress on the little stage and Randy gently led me onto it. He removed his shoes and socks and I removed my shoes so I was standing on the mattress in my skimpy leotard. All the other girls were completely naked. They had shed their skimpy stripper clothes while I had been talking to Captain. The guys sat in the plush swivel chairs around the stage, the girls in their laps. As I stood, I saw the guys were caressing the girls all over and kissing them and their breasts, feeling their genitals and everything. I felt myself becoming aroused, just as I am now, remembering it.
Randy's strong and gentle hands stroked me through the leotard. The girls were unbuttoning shirts and unzipping trousers. I took the hint and turned to Randy. I started unbuttoning him while kissing his lips. I felt his tongue inside my mouth and leaned my body into his. It was like leaning into a brick wall, one with a bit of softness on the outside, but solid and unyielding underneath.
I had his shirt unbuttoned and he pulled it off. Muscles rippled everywhere. I've never seen anything like it except in an action movie. I've never felt so small and soft and excited and anxious as I did as his huge arms and soft hands gently pulled the straps of my leotard down exposing my breasts. He kissed them gently, then not so gently, and then sucked my nipples. I felt them hardening and enlarging. I threw my head back and luxuriated in the feeling. His arms around my back held me up and my hips pushed against him and I felt the hard staff of his penis pushing into my belly.
I looked at the audience. All the guys were staring at me with desire. Every one of them had a good looking naked girl in his lap. All of them were naked from the waist up. All had their penis out. Some had their pants on the floor, others just had their pants open and the waistband of their underwear pulled down below their balls. All of them were massaging the girl's breasts and genitals, some had fingers embedded in vaginas (not all in the vagina of the girl on their lap). The girls were caressing the guys' chests and giving them hand jobs or blow jobs. Marlene (Sarah's mom) was playing with her guys balls while he masturbated on his own penis and the guy next to them was playing with her genitals. But diary, with all that going on, every last one of them was looking lustfully at ME! While dancing in the contest I may have been too distracted to really feel the erotic sensation of realizing my fantasy of being naked in front of a bunch of guys. But now, I shivered in the full realization that I was living the fantasy. And, diary I realized the fantasy wasn't just about being naked in front of guys, it was being naked in front of guys who wanted me, guys who obviously wanted me for sex, guys who wanted their cocks inside me, guys who wanted my vagina wrapped around their cocks. Guys who wanted to fuck me and wanted me to fuck them! God what a feeling, I was so aroused. I felt Randy's hand move to my genitals. As I reached past his well defined abs to undo his slacks and expose his manhood I knew I was also about to completely fulfill my fantasy of having sex in front of these guys! Excuse me diary. I've gotta try out that new vibrator.
Sorry for the interruption, Diary. My, that vibrator is great, It really releases the tensions. Just thinking about last night really gets me going.
That was absolutely the most amazing night of my life. Yeah I know Ron taking my virginity and most any night with him is great. but to have my sexual fantasy fulfilled like that! Well I'll never have another night like last night. Sure I won't lose my virginity again and there can't be another first time but I'm having sex over and over again and each time repeats the experience but there's no way I'll ever be as excited as I was last night while a guy, any guy, fucks me. There will never be another first time for being fucked in front of a group of lust filled guys either.
I left off with all the guys looking wishfully at us and Randy starting to tickle my genitals. I reached down, feeling the rock hard abs. Diary, he was like a Greek marble statue from top to bottom. Hard as rock but covered in a soft, hairy skin, not white like marble but ebony, dark brown from top to bottom. . You might think a big, strong guy like that would be rough, but he was unbelievably gentle. His strength allowed him to do things others guys would have to struggle at. He could make smooth slow moves when other guys would have to pound or jerk. I'm ahead of myself.
I undid his slacks and then slid my body down his, pulling his slacks down his legs. Legs like tree trunks, perfectly shaped, hard as he rest of his body and covered in hair. Did I mention that his chest was also covered in thick, dark hair too. But his abdomen only had this strip of hair across his belly button and disappearing into his boxers.
Well I moved down until my head was even with his penis. It was making this big tent in his boxers. I put my hands on his butt (just as hard and firm as the rest of him) and brushed my lips against the protruding rod. I managed to get it to pop through the fly and sucked it into my mouth. He held the back of my head and hummed a low hum as his cock moved in and out.
I pulled the boxers down over it so his modest sized, fuzzy testicles and all eight or so inches of the penis were exposed. They were as dark as the rest of him. I expected to start sucking on it again but someone tossed him a condom. As he reached down to put it on, I took it from him and put it on. I engulfed it in my mouth as I unrolled it. As soon as it was all the way on he grabbed me around my chest, his thumbs under my breasts, and slowly lifted me up. Way up! Above his head. I had to put my hands on his head for balance.
I wasn't sure what to expect. I looked out at the other guys who were watching seemingly as amazed as I was. This time I saw looks of envy on the faces of all the strippers sitting there with much flabbier guys, their cocks in their hands. What a turn on. Not only did all the guys want to be fucking me but I felt like all the girls wanted to BE me, about to be fucked by this rock of a guy. I was giggling uncontrollably.
Like I said I was above his head, his arms were fully extended and he lowered me gently to his mouth. I felt his tongue explore my pussy, my genitals. It separated my labia and I felt its wetness lapping at my clit. I had an immediate orgasm, as much from the excitement of the moment as from his activity. He licked away until my body stopped throbbing. Then he sucked my vulva into his mouth and pushed his tongue into my vagina. Tongues aren't long enough to really get far inside and his wasn't much longer than average but it sure felt amazing. I mean being held in the air, essentially sitting on the guys face, all my labia sucked into his mouth and his tongue inside me! I have to giggle at the thought and the memory.
What was left but for him to lift me off his face and lower me to his cock. I knew right away what he was doing and spread my legs, bending them at the knee and guiding his penis to its target as I felt it push against me. So there I was, bouncing on his penis, my legs wrapped around his waist as best as I could manage, My hands on his shoulders and his hands under my butt, supplying all the energy for the movement. I was laughing and laughing with the sensations.
Then he moved to his knees and gently laid me on my back, his penis never leaving its place inside me. Diary, the whole activity with him seemed to take place in slow motion. Kind of like one of those fantasy or dream sequences in the movies where nothing moves at a normal speed. It just seemed that instead of pumping into me like other guys did his cock moved leisurely in and then, just as leisurely, out. When we kissed, our tongues danced a slow waltz in our mouths, rather than the frantic wrestling for position I had experienced with other guys. There was something about the slowness that was exceedingly erotic and it seemed as if there was nothing beyond his hard body, his firm and gentle embrace, his stiff penis moving inside me.
He slowly and gently turned us over so I was riding on his cock. I began slowly bouncing on it and he helped me with hands under my butt.
My ride was interrupted by a penis pushing at my mouth. Randy stopped his movement and I felt obliged to open my mouth to admit the modest sized cock and suck it. After a few minutes the owner moved away. I saw Sarah sitting on Randy's face and the modest sized penis was replaced with Captain's thick one. I opened as wide as I could to take it in. Four guys in succession, four cocks in my mouth and each time one of the four strippers positioned herself over Randy's mouth.
After the fourth had his chance someone said "Randy let us have our chance with the winner." And someone else said, "Yeah let us have a fuck with the cute cunt." Anyway Randy pulled me to him and whispered that he'd have to give me up. Then, Diary he said, "But give me your number and we'll finish this up some other time." I said, "You mean like a date?" and he said, "Notlikea date, a date"! That was a thrill to have this hunk, who can probably pick women up just by wiggling his finger at them, telling me he wants to take me out, not just to fuck this one time!
Anyway, I get on all fours with the rest of the guys taking turns pounding into me from behind, testicles slapping against my clitoris. I remember watching Randy on the couch sliding his penis into the strippers one by one. I caught his eye and he winked at me. I giggled at the thought of going out with him. I'm giggling inside now, thinking about it.
The little party broke up and Randy escorted me to my car where we exchanged numbers. He said he'll call tomorrow. I hope so.
Jan 25
Randy said he'd call but he didn't. I guess he was just leading me on :-(
Jan 27
Diary, Randy called. He invited me out Saturday of next week!! He says he has a special event and a party he needs to go to. Whoneedsto go to parties? But that's what he said.
Feb 3
Tomorrow's the day. I'm so anxious about Randy I've almost forgotten about Ron.
Feb 4
I know, I know, I'm late telling you about this. I thought the evening after the amateur contest at the strip club was surreal but it didn't hold a candle to yesterday.
It started with Randy coming to pick me up. My dad insisted on answering the door and he no longer did so than he exclaimed, "You're Randy Wilson!" and Randy smiled and answered "That's me". Dad says "Peggy, why didn't you say you has a date with Randy Wilson," I just said I did. but he goes on "but you didn't say RandyWilson!" Well, diary, I'm pretty sure I did and I had no idea what the fuss was about. My dad is calling to my brothers, "Roy, Jim, come meet Peggy's date."
My brothers appear and make this big fuss over him being Randy Wilson I just want to get out of there and have something like a normal date. Well, a normal date with all the other girls jealous of me being with this good looking, well built guy. I've never really been on a normal date so I'm not sure what to expect and, now, with this fuss, I'm not sure this will be normal either.
We get out of the house with the male members of my family staring out the door and window at us and I ask "What is that about?" He laughs. "You don't know who I am?" And I say " a great looking guy who asked me out." He laughs and says "I assumed you recognized me at the strip club." Well I didn't and he explains he's a football player on the local university team and, apparently pretty good. There's a bit of humility in his explanation and I don't know whether he's great or just a good player. My Dad and brother's reaction make it pretty obvious he's probably great.
The party was in a fraternity house at the college. I've heard about these fraternity parties, diary and I'm not sure mom and dad would approve if they knew this was where we were going, famous football player or not.
We went in, with me hugging his arm (it's so big and hard) and everyone greeted him. It's like the party was for him. Lots of good looking girls swarmed him and they all looked at me kind of snotty like. I could see they were jealous and didn't think I belong. Well, I can be snotty right back and tried to ignore them. I did my best to pull Randy into the next room. He seemed to like all the girls surrounding him but came along. The people in the next room were much more friendly and the girls started asking me bunches of questions about how I knew Randy and where I go to school and other things. I could sense a sort of jealousy in them too but not so hostile. I answered the questions but didn't say anything about the strip club. I said only that a city councilman introduced us.
The guys mostly clustered around Randy and they talked about football and the team. I sat next to him on a couch and listened. Some guy asked me if he could get me something to drink. I said ginger ale. He said they have beer. I said I'm under 21. He laughed and said they have beer and wine. I asked for a ginger ale. He asked if I want anything in it. I think he meant vodka or something and I said, "just plain, please". He got it for me. Most of the others were drinking beer and wine. Later I found some bottled water and drank that for the rest of the evening.
The party is all talking and drinking and music with some dancing. I danced with Randy and a couple other guys and then with some girls who were getting drunk. One of them said she's hot and pulled off her blouse. She asked if the others if they are getting hot too and tried to pull off their tops, some of them let her and one unhooked her bra. I retreated to the couch and watched as the topless craze spread through the party. Over half the girls soon had their breasts exposed and many were dancing in a way intended to make them bounce. Others rubbed them against guys and actually asked them if they want to feel.
Plenty of guys "want a feel" and the "feels" turned into attempts (often encouraged) to pull down jeans for "feels" of crotches or feels under skirts. Not too long and those feels were being conducted under the panties and panties began to be removed in order to make that easier. Most of the girls didn't go that far. I'd guess over half had their breast exposed but only a third were wearing only panties. Only five or six were naked. And a couple of them were sucking guys' penises. One had a guy fucking her from behind with a group of other (both guys and girls) watching and cheering.
Some guy asked to "see mine", and Randy asked him where he gets off asking me to undress for him. This other guy said, "Randy, you said she's a nude model, so I figured ..." Randy told him that just because I'm a nude model doesn't mean that I'll get undressed for anyone. Well I was about to tell Randy I didn't appreciate him telling people about my modelling when the girl next to me said, "You're really a model?" The tone was halfway between one of admiration and one of skepticism. I told her I model for artists and photographers. She asked "Nude?" When I admitted it she's surprised and said something about me not being "the type". I know exactly what she's implying and told her, "I'm a classic beauty, like in ancient Greek sculptures and old paintings."
Another girl asked about how much it pays and when I say $100 or more an hour, a bunch of them get interested. I gave them my agent's card and told them they'd need a portfolio for the artists. Some guy asked if there are nude photos in the portfolio. Without thinking I answered, "yes," and a bunch of them grabbed a laptop. Someone said I'm not on the website. I said, "so what?" Then one of 'em said, "Isn't this her?" Another said, "That's Velvet, not Peggy." I mumbled something about stage names to be greeted by a chorus of, "hey, you can't see anything but head shots unless you're registered. How do you register?" I told them they needrd to contact the agent and prove they are actually artists and not just a bunch of frat boys looking for nude pictures.
One of the girls sitting near me, jumped up, disrobed and stood on the table. "Do you think I could be a nude model?" All the guys said, "Yeah, Liz! " and she said, "Peggy show us how you model." There's a chorus of "Peggy! Peggy! Peggy!" from the girls and the guys. Randy leaned over and told me I didn't have to do it but I couldn't help thinking about the thrill I get out of being naked in front of guys. I could tell Randy would love to see me naked despite being so gentlemanly about it. I have to admit, Diary, the whole thing had me kind of worked up, but I knew it wouldn't be a good idea. A lot of those guys had been taking pictures and videos of the girls who were already naked.
I said something about that if they're going to take pictures they ought to pay. I should have known better. A guy grabbed an empty chip bowl and both guys and gals started throwing bills into it. I guess there must have been over $500 in it. In an attempt to get out of it I said that the price depends on the number of photographers and that I should have 3 or 4 times as much given the number of guys I've seen taking photos. Guys left the room to get their buddies to come in and donate more.
One of the girls asked if I model alone or with others. I said both but usually with one or two or three others. She asked if the others are guys and if they are naked too. When I said, "yes," and, "sometimes." She asked if they are good looking and I say "pretty much, but not as well built as Randy here." Again a mistake. Now the chant becomes "Peggy and Randy, Peggy and Randy." I looked at Randy feeling guilty for getting him into this.
I don't know what possessed him to do it but he got up saying, "Only one way to resolve this," and pulled off his shirt. He offered me his hand and I got up too. Erotic thrills filled me as I pulled off my blouse. Randy unhooked my bra and I unbuckled his belt, letting my bra fall to the floor. The people around us started cheering continuing to shout "Peggy and Randy." Others rushed into the room to watch.
I pulled his pants down and unzipped my skirt, letting it fall to the floor. He's wearing briefs and the outline of his hard penis showed plainly above the bulge of his testicles. I was acutely aware that I'd chosen to wear my see through panties so my pubic hair was visible to everyone. I knew that if I separated my legs they'd also be able to see my labia.
He jumped onto the coffee table. It's small but sturdy and supported him easily. He lifted his arms, posing, and flexing to cheers. Then he reached down with one arm to help me up. The cheers increased. I knelt on the table, testing its ability to hold us. Then I posed while kneeling, one arm around his leg, the other stretched toward his face. I moved the arm around his leg up to his crotch. Some of the guys noticed and started yelling, "Peggy! Peggy!" Encouraged I grabbed the waist band and yanked his briefs to his ankles. The cheers became deafening, especially when I dropped my panties. I stood and kicked them off.
After the kick, I kept my leg raised and he grabbed it, pulling it to his abdomen. I supported myself by grabbing his shoulder enjoying the feeling of his penis against my leg. We posed briefly and I grabbed his penis with my free hand. Shouts of "Peggy! Randy! Peggy! Randy! Peggy! Randy! " reverberated repeatedly through the room.
He released my leg, I released his penis and we kissed, his hands on my butt, mine around his shoulders. The chat turned to, "Fuck! Fuck! ..." He broke off the kiss and looked at me, I mouthed "yes" and he did what I remember from the strip club: lifting me above his head and lowering my genitals onto his mouth so he can lick me out. More cheers. Then he lowered me to his penis, which I guided into my vagina. I felt an especially strong sexual excitement as its hard warmth filled me up to the cheers of the multitude. As he bounced me on it, "Fuck her! Fuck her! Fuck her!" filled the room.
The whole ambience along with having him bouncing me in the air had me laughing uncontrollably. But then I felt an oncoming orgasm and began gasping. The girls recognized the symptoms and began an "O! O! O!" chant in cadence with my gasps. There was a huge screaming cheer when I came and began throbbing in his grasp. When I had stopped, he stepped down from the table, penis still inside me and laid me carefully on the couch. He hugged me tightly to him and I had my hands at his hips as he repeatedly plowed into me. The guys chanted, "Come! Come! Come!"
He grunted loudly. There was some disagreement among the party goers. Some were screaming "Cream Pie" and others "Come shot". He whispered in my ear, "In your pussy or on your face?" I realized he hadn't put on a condom and thought it would be better that he not ejaculate inside me. I said, "In my mouth," hoping to limit the mess. As he pulled out and moved to my face, there was a cheer and the chanting became unanimous, "Come shot! Facial! Come shot! Facial!"
He masturbated rapidly and after couple of grunts a wad of semen shot out onto my hair, then one over my lips and eye. I grabbed his organ and put it in my mouth. Gobs of semen squirted in and I tolerated the musty flavor until he was spent. I gave him a last, strong suck and let the shortening penis free. A couple of drops landed on my breast. The cheering had stopped. Oh, Diary, while he was ejaculating, some guy had a finger up my vagina and another on my clitoris. I didn't complain, it felt okay even though I didn't think he should be doing it. Anyway he had quit and moved away before I could see who it was.
I spent the rest of the party naked and curled up next to Randy who put his briefs back on. That didn't stop me from pushing my hand under the waistband and fondling him!
The party just kind of fizzled out. People left singly or in groups leaving behind those who had gotten to drunk and were sleeping it off on the floor. A couple of naked girls and their naked partners were sleeping, sprawled on a couch and some cushions thrown onto the floor. One thing for sure, this party lived up to the frat party reputation. I don't know if they are all like this.
Randy invited me to stay the night and I agreed. After all what could happen? He might have sex with me! Like that would be a problem or something new. In fact I looked forward to the possibility. I think you understand, Diary, why I'm a day late with this.
Feb 4
It was nice to wake up next to a rock of a man. A rock, that is, except for his penis. That was soft and flexible. He was asleep but I put my head under the covers and started sucking on his penis. His penis got big and as hard as the rest of his body, leaving only his testicles as less that rock like. You know, diary, guys' balls are firm like olives but not really hard like rocks. My activity woke him up but he just lay on his back enjoying my actions. I jumped on him and rode his cock until he ejaculated. This time I remembered to put a condom on him (he had some next to the bed). He was sweet enough to roll me over and massage my clitoris and vagina with his fingers until I came.
Randy has a roommate, Jarret, another football player, with a hard body but thinner and lanky. . He was in the next bed and I've already gotten so I don't care about privacy when I'm having sex. It's even a turn-on to think someone else might be watching. I didn't try to be quiet while I'm enjoying myself and when Jarret heard my laughs and squeals he said, "Randy have some compassion on those of us who don't have a woman in their bed every night." I have compassion and went over to him with a condom, I hardened up his modest sized penis, unrolled the condom and mounted him. Randy laughed as I brought Jarret to orgasm. "Satisfied?" I asked. He smiled and said, "I like this one."
Randy said, "Breakfast?" and took some underwear out of his drawer. "Sure," I said and added, "naked!" taking the underwear out of his hand. Randy said there would be guys downstairs eating. "All the better," I told him. Diary, I felt energized! full of sexual anticipation. I brushed my hair and washed my face but that was it. Oh and I brushed my "bush" too. Jarret was still in bed and I told him to "get up, the morning is underway!" "Come on you two," I told them, insisting they both stay stark naked. I headed out of the room anxious to see what the morning would bring.
There were three guys at the breakfast table. They looked surprised to see the three of us naked. I felt almost drunk with sexuality. I went around the table and kissed each of the guys. I wanted them all! I wanted cocks in me and fingers in me and hands at my breasts. The feeling was so strong, I began masturbating, rubbing my genitals right there in front of them.
There was a sliding glass window and I saw a pool. There were maybe another 5 or 6 guys out there and a few girls. I could see one sunbathing and two in the pool. I opened the door and stepped out, "You guys coming?" I said to those inside. I almost felt like I was having an orgasm right there as I strode to the pool followed by two naked guys and three with their clothes still on. That had to be rectified! Looking back, diary, I remember the feelings and my actions clearly but I really don't recognize the girl that was doing what I did. But would I do it again? Yes, I would. WILL I do it again? I hope I have the chance.
My sexual drive and feelings emboldened me, I didn't feel the least bit shy or embarrassed. "You want some of this?" I announced loudly and stood with my legs spread. I reached down and did what I could to spread my labia with my fingers. I jumped on a nearby chaise so I could spread wide. "Then get naked!" I yelled. I remember the cool air on my damp vulva, diary. You know maybe I do recognize that girl!
Sorry for the delay, diary, had to use the vibrator. Just thinking about how quickly the guys got naked, though a couple held back and just stared. They stood around, a variety of penises hanging in front of them, all erect or partially so. "You," I said, pointing to some guy with a limper dick than the others, "You first!" He approached, unsure of which end of me to use. "Let me get you hard," I said and opened my mouth. It didn't take long to harden him up. He stood in front of me like a statue. "If you wanna fuck, you should at least caress me and finger my genitals while I blow you." I demanded as I popped him out of my mouth.
I realized something was missing, "We're gonna need condoms" I yelled. Within seconds someone thrust a strip of maybe a half dozen in my hand. "we're going to need more than this," I stated, ripping one open and rolling it over the penis at my mouth. "Go to it," I told its owner.
I noticed the girls were just staring like the guys who hadn't accepted my invitation to undress. "Girls, There are more guys here than I can handle at once!" I yelled at them. "Get naked and help out." The guy had begun rubbing my crotch (quite clumsily) and breasts (much more skillfully) and I told him, "you wanna fuck? Get to it!" I pointed to a skinny guy with a similarly skinny penis, "You next, let me taste that dong." There was something funny and exciting about using words like "dong" and "dick" and "cock". I was running other possibilities through my mind as I felt the lovely feeling of being penetrated, and started sucking on the slim guy's penis as the other guy's testicles slammed against my butt.
I saw the girls had gotten out of the pool and were sucking on cocks, letting the guys untie their suits. The one that had been sun bathing was naked and had pulled down the shorts of one of the guys who hadn't undressed. Thrills ran through my body. I think I need that vibrator again.
Okay, diary, we'll just keep this vibrator in while I write. I do need one of the smaller ones, this one is kind of uncomfortable to sit on. And some kind of remote control. Woah! that just hit the spot! Let me turn it off. I'm barely able to write with it in.
Where was I? Oh yes, some guy appeared with a couple of dozen condoms. I told him, "You're next, condom boy." and slipped one over the slim penis, "Times up, you in my vaj, thanks."
It's easy to remember those first few fucks but after that it was kind of a blur. I just sucked guys and then put on a condom and then they did me. I was in complete control. I just had them change when I felt like it. Some guys were better with their cocks and I let them fuck longer. A couple of the guys came in my mouth while I was blowing them. Tastes bad but I just swallowed it and kept on.
There had been less than a dozen guys by the pool when I started but the group swelled to a couple dozen or more. A couple more girls also appeared.
I was tired of just laying there and being fucked and said, "Into the pool!" I got up and jumped in. Several guys jumped in with me and I lost control as they massaged my body and I felt various body parts invading my vagina. I just relaxed and enjoyed the attention while I floated on my back with my legs spread. Diary, it's unfortunate, but I don't think all those guys made sure they had condoms. I started seeing white strands of what must have been semen floating around me. That stuff is disgusting in the water, slimy and it sticks to everything, especially hair.
I decided that it was time to quit and simply stood and got out. I forget exactly what I said but I berated the guys standing in the pool for nor putting on condoms. I felt that there was some semen dripping out of me and I pushed a finger inside to scoop some out. I flicked it off my finger at the guys They cheered me for doing it so I did it a couple more times. I guess I'll have to go to the school clinic and get tested.
Around the pool most of the girls were being fucked in one position or another. One was floating in the pool copying what I had done. It was kind of exciting to watch the half dozen guys around her, feeling her up and taking turns (often with some shoving) fucking her. I shivered in excitement remembering what it felt like when I was doing it.
I felt a rock hard body at my back. Rock hard arms surrounded and hugged me and a rock hard penis pressed against my backbone. "Well, this is far from what I expected when I invited you here," Randy said. I turned and kissed him. I said, "I hope you are okay with it. I don't know what got into me."
He said he was more used to girls fucking only him but he knew I liked being the exhibitionist and reminded me that we had both done several others at the strip club. I asked if he'd "done any of the girls" at the pool. He said he had in the past but yesterday he'd enjoyed himself watching me. Well, diary, my nasty streak was in full force. I felt a thrill go through me at the thought and it increased when I thought about watching him with another girl. Anyway I said, "Let's correct that, any girl here you wanna fuck." He was sweet and said, "you." But I told him, "Later. Anyone else?" He said "No" but I noticed he had eyed this one girl being fucked doggy style on a chaise. I took him over and told the guy, "Randy wants a turn." He protested but the girl said something like, "let him have a try." and the other guy backed off.
Well, diary, that was boring. I didn't get the expected thrill out of it at all and told Randy, "That's enough." I led him up to the bedroom where he fucked me. We did all kinds of positions and I never had an orgasm but I loved that I was giving him pleasure. At least he sure acted like he was enjoying himself. And even without an orgasm the feeling of a rock hard guy fucking me, his hard cock filling and emptying my vagina, his balls slapping against my butt or clit ... Well that's hard to beat. we fucked until he filled the condom with a huge series of grunts and hard thrusts into me. We showered together and I soaped and scrubbed that hard body and hard cock, milking it for more semen. His huge, strong hands soaped me up and afterwards dried me off. Then he took me home.
I hadn't had an orgasm since before going down for breakfast. I learned that gang-bangs and orgies (whatever you call that activity at the pool) are enjoyable but you really can't trust the guys and they aren't totally satisfying..
Well, when I said there wasn't anything bad that could happen if I spent the night, I forgot about my dad. When Randy brought me home in the afternoon, dad exploded at him, Football star or not, he was furious. I kept telling him that Randy hadn't done anything I didn't agree to. I told him I even wanted it. But that didn't help, It may have made things worse. He told me I wasn't to see Randy again. I told Randy to give me a call if he wanted to go out again. Dad forbade it. I told him I was over 18 and could go out with whomever I wanted.
Randy left and I gave him a kiss. Dad said something about as long as I lived under his roof using his money I would obey his rules. I threatened to move out. I think I was calm about the whole thing even though he wasn't. Of course I knew from what mom had taught me that there was no way I could afford to live on my own. If I could model a couple of hours every day, I might be able to get by, but I was lucky to get 2 or 3 hours a week.
I went to my room crying and mom came in. She understood. I kept telling her things she knew like how it seemed to be okay for me to stay overnight with Ron. Dad knew we had sex. Why wasn't it okay with Randy. After all Dad had thought he was a great guy before.
Mom said she'd talk with him. She said that she'd had a chance to talk him downbeforeI came home after an overnight with Ron and maybe that was the difference. I think it was maybe that Dad had this unreasonable expectation of Randy and thought he never did stuff like this. The reaction of the women made me think Randy probably had more sex than Ron. Certainly he had more women, Ron had only a half dozen or so he had regular sex with.
If dad knew what actually went on this morning, mom would never be able to calm him down and I'd probably be locked away in my room for life. But I knew how to calm him down. I went downstairs, told him I love him, gave him a big kiss on his cheek and snuggled up next to him on the couch.