It had been a long day for Tina at work, she was fed up with her boss making passes at her, what annoyed her more was him calling her Catarina. This reminded her too much of a previous life in another country with overpowering family and a boyfriend who would not let her be herself. She had been in England 5 years now and she had forged an independent life with her own apartment and a job in retail she loved (apart from the boss). She kicked off her shoes, went straight to the fridge and poured a glass of white wine and put some chilled out music on.
Tina was tall will short dark hair which set off her Hazel eyes, she was blessed with a slim figure which she kept in shape with lots of walking and Badminton with her friend Mandy. She loved her time with Mandy, she had helped her settle into the area and picked her up whenever she felt down, thankfully these down days were well behind her now, and she now laughed more at the stories Mandy told her about her naughty weekends away with her boyfriend. Mandy and Carl her boyfriend would book weekends away from the humdrum to expand their interesting sex life, Mandy shared photos with Tina of some of the outfits she would wear, she said these were from the early evening and Tina might be shocked from the ones later on!
The thoughts of her friend put Tina in a better mood and she decided it was time to wash the day away with a nice shower, she slipped off her work clothes and set the temperature before slipping in. The nice big shower was something that attracted her to this apartment and when viewing it she had images in her mind of sharing the shower with a boyfriend in the future, this had not happened up till now but at least she was confident and comfortable in her own space. She let the water was over her and she felt the stresses of the day go away to be replaced by a warm glow, as she soaped herself she smiled to herself to find her pert nipples hard, at one time she would have felt shame at this, not any more. The people at home would be shocked at her sexual confidence now including her neatly trimmed pubic hair which her ex had viewed as some sort of perversion, she was pleased to know it was actually the norm to keep things neat and tidy down there.
Stepping out of the shower and towelling herself dry she decided to give the TV a miss tonight and maybe just read and listen to music which was becoming more of her night time routine. She slipped her gown around her naked body and poured another glass of wine, she tried to keep it to no more than 2 glasses a night to help keep her figure trim. She settled in the comfy chair in front of the window with a view of country park ahead and the neighbouring apartments just out of her eye line to the right she liked sitting here reading. Time drifted and in no time she had read a few chapters of her book and her glass of wine had slipped down nicely, she put her book down and sat back in the seat. Her thoughts drifted back to her shower, she felt good that she enjoyed the thought of being aroused with no guilt and how she felt good about her figure and there being nothing wrong with her wanting select others to see it and enjoy it.
As these thoughts settled in her mind she slipped a hand inside her gown and was not surprised to feel her nipple hard to her touch and as she gave it a gentle squeeze she let out a purr of delight. She undid the belt of her robe letting it fall open to expose her olive Mediterranean skin, she say the other apartment block out the corner of her eye and wondered if she should close the curtain, she though no, I am sure nobody will be looking. Then the thought that someone might be looking came into her mind and her reaction shocked herself, rather than draw the curtain she opened up the robe fully to expose herself to anyone who may be looking, wow should she be so aroused doing this. Her hand slipped back to her boob and her nipple was rock hard now and the skin so sensitive, she let her other hand slip down her belly. As it slipped over the soft pubic hair she thought again how she wanted to explore her sexuality more and she would take chances to do that as they came her way.
Her finger slipped easily between her pussy lips, wow she was wetter than she thought, she must be so turned on, again her eyes slipped to the neighbouring building. She thought who might be watching, a young single guy maybe, maybe an older experienced man, maybe a couple watching her as part of their foreplay, it surprised her how all these potential viewers aroused her. Her pussy was getting wetter and her finger slipped up to the that little spot that really did the trick for her, her ex was useless and blundered away with no idea that sex could or should be pleasurable for both parties. She was getting very horny now and she felt that tingle start to build in her core, her mind slipped to what if the watcher was not over the road and was actually in the room with her, the orgasm started to build more. Tina intensified the rubbing on her magic button as it started to take over her, she shock and gasped biting her lip and feeling increased sensitivity all over her body that seemed to border on pain in the best possible way.
As the orgasm subsided she lay back in the chair realising her legs were wide open exposing her wet pussy, instead of closing them she let them stay as they way and just relaxed. As the evening chill slipped into her she realised she better move, instead of slipping her gown back on she tidied the apartment naked wondering just if someone had watched her...