It was a hot afternoon in remote tiny town Arizona a couple of months into the covid quarantine. Hot even by the scorching standards of my native India.
I was naked in the motel room, fanning myself with the day's newspaper. We still got the daily newspaper! I was feeling hot in terms of temperature as well as in terms of arousal. Even in the heat, my nipples were erect. And my pussy felt hotter than the outsides.
It had been months since I had sex. I had been on a work related trip in parts of Arizona straight out of old westerns when the lockdown started and the flights shut down. My husband was a couple of time zones away at home in Boston. And even before the pandemic, it's not like he was giving it to me as regularly as he used to. Middle age takes its toll.
It did take its toll more on him than on me though. At 38, I'm still reasonably in shape. My butt still draws long glances. My boobs have always been a handful and eyeful. And my middle age paunch and thigh loosening is still in its early days. He though, at the same age, looks closer to 50. Blame his workaholism more than his alcoholism. He's good at it though. Climbing the ladder.
I should take at least some of the blame. Motherhood was not easy on me, with unexpected twins. I had serious PPD, weight gain, and was generally overwhelmed taking care of two babies as a new immigrant working mom. My late 20s were my worst in terms of sex. I never felt in the mood because I either felt too tired or too fat or too depressed. My husband had been very understanding. He was busy at work too.
In those years when the kids were young and the jobs were the most demanding, sex between us became almost strictly a long weekend thing.
As we progressed through the 30s though, my weight kept decreasing and my sex drive kept increasing. Our twins were now in their teens and immersed in their own worlds. I was a hands off mom and used the free time to get more active and social.
I had also shifted to a consulting type role at work that let me travel to a lot of interesting places. I had barely seen this country I had made my home because my husband wanted it. On those trips, I had finally gotten some time to think of myself and my needs after a decade completely devoted to motherhood and the corporate ladder.
One of those needs was more orgasms.
For years, about 70% of my "me time" was masturbation. Well before I even met my husband. Ever since I discovered masturbation, I had been a big fan. Who isn't?
I just didn't get that much me time in the prior 20 years. Because of motherhood and junior management roles. I was lucky if I rubbed one out a week!
I was also much more hungry for actual sex, not just toys, of which I bought plenty thanks to discreet websites.
My husband's sex drive though, seemed to go in the opposite direction. He was, admittedly, in a more demanding job than mine. And he was, admittedly, cursed with genes that made him tend towards chubbiness and random health issues. So the man who, when we got married was so perpetually horny that I'd often walk bow legged, now had to be almost coaxed into sex.
I knew from talking to friends that I wasn't alone in this situation. Half the couples we made friends with a decade ago were now divorced or separated. And often, it had to do with sexual frustrations. Often from the women. Shared discreetly.
I was finding myself frustrated like that, tho I had no desire to divorce my lovely husband.
Reading in the news that people are having MORE sex in the lockdown made me jealous. And drink heavily. Liquor deliveries were still working! Even in that remote location in Arizona, where I was stuck like in some bleak novel, an app got me sanitized booze!
I had been an enthusiastic drinker until I became a mom. Then I pretty much gave it up because I couldn't be sure when my babies might need me to be stone cold sober. For almost a decade.
But now they were grown up, responsible, trustworthy, self-motivated, and in their own worlds. So I had also started ordering a cocktail or two when we went out.
In the pandemic though, I was pretty much buzzed or hungover, stuck there alone. I started off at wine, then went up to tequila and gin and by this point was pounding neat scotches.
The quarantine messed me up in ways weirder than most others.
I was far far away from my family. And I was stuck in a pretty mediocre motel!
Nothing against the staff or the owners. The motel wasn't really bad for the price and the location. And it literally was the best hotel in a 300 mile radius. That was the nature of my work. Remote field work consulting on remote projects.
Everyone working there did their best to keep us safe. But the A/C was weak enough to be laughable. So I mostly stayed naked in the room, or at the most, slipped on undies. I often filled the tub with the lukewarm water and lay in it for hours playing with myself. With a glass by my side.
The nature of my work was such that it could not progress too much in a lockdown. It was site inspections that were important but had been deemed non essential. So beyond paperwork on old cases and some short calls for protocol, I literally didn't have anything to do.
I only got dressed to receive food and booze deliveries and do video chats with my colleagues or groaning husband, stuck at home with the kids. The kids only gave me five minutes. As if the phone weren't their life already, the lockdown gave them social sanction to be online all the time.
Not me though. I could not be online too much.
The internet speed was barely out of dialup. And the wireless data coverage rarely went above 3G, if that. Couldn't even watch insta reels without buffering, forget Netflix.
And to make matters worse, the TV in my room wasn't working.
But enough of the whines.
That afternoon, though I was naked, I had my usual big towel at hand. I checked my phone. The delivery was on its way. But there was no name.
I wondered if it would be Min or Zhan delivering this time. Given what I was considering doing, maybe Min would be better because among the two, he seemed max in the dick department.
Jesus! I could not believe that once prim and proper me had fondled not one but two dicks of strangers! I had been drunk in the middle of the day then. As I was now.
I flicked my clit thinking of the rush from last time as I put the phone away and wondered, holy crap, am I really going to go through with this after all?
Husband messaged right then saying if I wanted to do a video chat. I said I was busy with work. And played with myself.
Finally, at long last, after months or rather years of contemplating it, would I commit full scale adultery? Not just flashing a guy for 20 seconds and maybe letting him fondle me and maybe play with his dick a little.
It had started as an impulse a month ago.
I'm a vegetarian and the only real vegetarian available there was Chinese. They made a pretty good vegetable fried rice and eggplant. And I liked their tofu.
It was always one of two guys, mask on. Both cute, early 20s, beautiful eyes. And I would often be drunk.
Once many years ago, the hubby had mentioned that his fantasy was that I do a towel drop for a delivery guy. Oh my God I'm so sorry I was just in the shower, ooops my towel fell off! He had even shown me a few videos. I had shut him down firmly.
I was older and hornier now.
The first time I did it, it was cute Zhan. I had bra and panties on and dropped the towel for just a couple of seconds and closed the door fast and felt my heart race.
And I rubbed out a big one!
I ordered dinner. It was Zhan again. I was in just my panties. And the towel. He stared. I dropped it again. This time I counted to ten before closing the door as he feasted his eyes on my big heaving tits.
The next time, it was Min. I had decided to go full naked under the towel. The towel drop this time was so graceful. Min's pants visibly bulged as I gave him a good look, even turning around once. And then closed the door.
From that point, I slid pretty fast. To the point that both guys and I had even stopped pretending. I had stroked their dicks a bit and they had both played with my boobs. But I always felt in control. And they always gave me deference.
That feeling of control is probably why I went as far as I did. They were both such nice obedient boys. And very good looking too. As far as I could see. So I let them do stuff knowing I could stop them at any point. But that was still just high school stuff.
Now I was thinking about actually fucking another man.
A nice young Chinese man.
I was about to become a cougar! Rarrr! I was so wet in anticipation!
KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK!
"Chinese food!" said the voice.
I paused a bit while getting up and wrapping my towel around me. The voice did not sound like Min or Zhan! New delivery guy? The pandemic did seem to be hitting delivery guys a lot. Maybe they got covid!
I wrapped the towel around my body and tucked it in a strategic spot. I slipped on the mask. They still didn't know how my face looked, though they had seen everything else. By now, I had done enough seemingly accidental towel drops with both of them that they could probably even recognize my butthole out of a lineup.
I walked to the door and looked through the peephole.
It was indeed an unfamiliar face. It was a bald Chinese man in his 50s or so. His face was sweaty and his brow was furrowed. He rapped the door again hard.
"Hello? Chinese food!"
I paused for a second. It was a new guy. But then, Min and Zhan were new guys once too. Sure, they were young and cute and gentle and compliant. Felt safe to flash them, give them a grope or two. This guy seemed different. But oh well, why be ageist.
I didn't plan on fucking this new guy, but I could give him a flash at the very least. A flash of Indian boobs.
Rather fatefully, I opened the door and delivered my usual line,
"I'm so sorry, I was just in the shower!"
The guy stared at my cleavage for a second before looking me straight in the eyes and saying,
"You are always just in the shower!"
"Excuse..."
Before I could finish my thought, he had pushed past me, making me take a couple of steps back, and do a genuine towel drop. And I was buck naked in front of a stranger, for the first time, not by my choice.
I was too stunned by his aggression to even think of picking it up. Usually it had been the delivery guys stunned and unsure and I would be in control. Here, it was the opposite! Was I being sexually assaulted?
"What the fu..."
Before I finished my objection, he grabbed one of my wrists with one hand and with his other hand, straight up grabbed me by the pussy, and shoved me against the wall. I could smell his kitchen sweat. It didn't turn me off.
"Oh you are a horny Indian housewife I see! Alone away from husband." He shoved two fingers into my masturbation wet cunt. "You know how much you slow down my business?"
"STOP!!" I said in a voice of panic, feeling my shoulder blades pressed into the wall and his fingers pressed up my cunt to the knuckle! I could feel his ring on my clit! My stupid cunt was responding.
"Every time there's a delivery to your address, the guy comes back late, makes other deliveries late. You know all business delivery now. But I suffer. Get complaint of cold soup. Because you are horny!"
"I said STOP!!!"
He pulled his fingers out of my pussy and held them by my eyes. They were wet. I blushed like a bride. And stopped resisting him. He noticed.
"See?" he said. "You want to fuck proper with a man instead of flashing boys?"
This was another fateful point.
He let me go completely. Asked me a question. Gave me a clear out. Or at least a moment to fight back. I was already eyeing a vase at arms length.
But then he pulled down his pants.
It wasn't ultra big or anything. Nor was it small. But the sight of a rock hard veiny dick swinging over big old man balls and a gray bush somehow turned me on a lot in that moment.
And then that smell. That "man" smell I had missed. His obvious working class background. His random look but aggressive attitude. Different race. Much older. Much like all the erotica I had been reading.
And he was right. I was desperate to feel a dick inside me. Here was a dick. Pandemic dick but I didn't care.
"Ya okay." I simply said. Consent given.
For a second, his face wore a big smile! Like he had won the lottery. But then he turned stern again.
"Good girl."
I thought he would bend me over and enter me.
But he pushed me against the wall, fell to his knees, and raised my right leg from my knee. And my clit felt the twin sensation of his smooth lips and rough tongue. And my body shook hard enough for my head to bang against the wall.
It wasn't an orgasm as such.
But it was the fastest my body had responded to oral. My husband was okay at it. This old Chinese man though, wow!
I stubbornly locked up any shame or guilt in a vault. Telling myself that I had given my husband the best years of my life and this was my me time. And I gave myself to the moment.
"You like that ah?"
"Hmmm."
"Say it."
"Oh fuck I love itttt!"
Now the orgasm was coming. And the guy sensed it and shoved two fingers up my cunt like before.
And it hit.
My first proper orgasm with a man since the Obama administration. I deserve some blame for faking it a lot for hubs. But what can I say? His game had plateaued just as my libido had started growing with me getting into shape.
When the orgasm started, I was standing up straight pushed against the wall. By the time it ended, I was curled up on the floor, his tongue still stubbornly lashing my clit, begging him to stop. He had stayed attached like that throughout.
He stopped.
My heart was racing and my eyes were full of sweat. I felt his hand pull me up.
"Now we fuck."
He led me to the standard motel room swivel chair. Made me get on it on my knees and buried his face in my ass for a few seconds.
Then he got up and I heard a small rip. I looked back.
"You really are a pandemic slut. 3 months without sex and you don't even ask for condom from a strange man?"
More blushing. He was right. But it had been almost a year without sex for me. I watched as he slipped it on. Then looked away, bracing for penetration.
But instead he moved the chair to the window and opened the blinds.
"Eeee!"
I squealed and tried to get off the chair but he pushed me back. That brought my face closer to the window. And I saw them.
Min and Zhan were across the street waiting. They both looked surprised and then delighted. And then both held up their phones.
"What the fuck are you...ahhhh!!!"
Just as I realized that I was being caught on camera naked, attached to a sweaty old Chinese man, he shoved his dick in!
And I purred in satisfaction. Oh a nice warm hard dick, shoved right in. Not like my husband who needed a lot of hand work to get hard nowadays. This was meat fucking meat, caveman cavewoman style.
My eyes moved almost up into my head as the man started absolutely pounding me hard, like a machine! The way my husband hadn't done in a decade, if ever. This bald non-descript Chinese old man could fuck!
My eyes finally regained focus and noticed that the street across the window was empty. Where had those young dudes gone I wondered for a second before the old man grabbed me by the hair and pulled me back.
"Let's see the face. I'm COVID tested."
I felt his fingers go behind my ears and off came the mask. He still kept pounding me throughout.
"Oh very pretty! Good thick Indian lips." he gave his assessment. "You want to cum?"
"Hmmm." I bleated back. I was so close!
And then the old man did something extraordinarily kinky. He put his right index finger on my clit and his left index finger up my ass, as his cock still fucked my cunt.
I came so hard, he had to hold me down. I'm sure many motel neighbors heard my howls.
When the orgasm ended, I felt myself being turned around and dragged to the floor. As my ass hit the floor, I saw his left hand, which had just been in my ass, pinch my nose closed.
My mouth opened for air, and he shoved his dick in it, after removing the condom.
My face was pressed in his pubic hair as he brutally fucked my mouth, hitting the back of my throat repeatedly before slipping down it. And then suddenly my mouth was full of his warm salty semen.
"Swallow."
I did.
As I lay breathing heavily, I saw the old man move to the door and return with the two men who had started it all.
I stared wordlessly as Zhan stripped off his clothes and got between my legs. His dick, which I had fondled before, somehow seemed bigger! He slipped on a red condom. I spread my legs wider as as signal of acceptance.
He was quick and eager inside me. Just as I was getting used to his lean smooth body, he was done. Min did not last long either.
"Don't worry, boys. Next time, you last longer. Now to back to work. I'll be back in some time."
The old man was sporting a huge erection as he walked to the bed and got on top of it. I heard be a wrapper rip.
"Come on! I don't have all day!"
He bellowed and I don't know why I jumped up obediently! Maybe because I did want more sex.
I used my mouth to put the condom on him, and then got on top. And rode him happily to a couple of orgasms before he had to go back to his restaurant.