Sandra is Different
by Vanessa Evans
Part 9
Wow, that exhibition hall was big but all the stalls and other 'things' were at one end leaving enough space for a football pitch.
The place was buzzing with people running around, presumable getting themselves organised for the day and I was disappointed that I couldn't see a naked girl anywhere. When we got to Steve's stall I saw that there was lots of space with a gazebo with sides on it.
"Is that where we'll be getting fucked?" Isla asked.
"No one will complain if you get fucked anywhere today Isla." Steve said, then added,
"There's a little stage over there where some of the people who will be coming here like to get a bit personal with other people."
"When does that start?" I asked.
"Any time after 10 when the doors open." Steve replied.
"So when can we get naked?" Isla asked.
"Any time that you want but there's something that I need you to wear all the time, hang on a sec."
Isla looked as disppointed as I felt because I was expecting to be naked all day.
Steve came back carrying some small plastic bags and from one he pulled out a couple of T-shirts. When I held one against my chest I saw his business name and phone number printed on the front and the back. Then I realised that the length of them would have been suitable for someone half my age, it only came down to my waist.
I smiled and thought,
"Maybe this won't be so bad."
Then Steve gave us each a smaller bag with what turned out to be a Sash with his business name and phone number printed on it."
"That's more like it." I said, "this doesn't cover my tits."
Within seconds Isla and I were wearing only the Sashs and our heels. Isla looked as happy as I felt. We had both arranged our sashes so that the front went down between our tits. I looked around and saw quite a few people walking passed, but none seemed to be at all interested in the 2 naked teenage girls.
"Come on girls," Steve said, "we've still got some setting up to do."
The setting up was slow progress as both Isla and I kept seeing toys that we'd never seen or heard of before and we'd stop Steve to ask him about them. We also had to uncover some of the larger items like fucking machines. When Isla took the cover off the first one she stared for a few seconds then asked Steve if she could have a go on it.
"Of course you can Isla, but not right now, we have work to do. I couldn't get the girls the last 2 days to go on them, they said that I wasn't paying them enough but I couldn't afford any more."
"Well we'll go on it more than once if you want us to Steve, won't we Isla?" I said.
"Hell yes." Isla replied.
It was the same with all the fucking machines that Steve had on display although it was difficult for me to count them because I didn't know which bits went with which other bits, and some involved frames that had me puzzled. There was one very basic item that puzzled me. It was a metal dildo on a metal pole that was attached to a big metal plate. It had some wires attached that went to a black box about the size of a shoe box.
"What's this?" I asked Steve.
"A cageless prison."
"I don't understand."
"You will when I put you on it later."
"Okay." I thought as I guessed that I would impale myself on it but didn't have a clue what would happen next.
It was the same for the 'machine' that I uncovered next. It was simlar but it had two split blocks of wood at the base with a spring between the splits and wires going to each block of wood. I guessed that Steve would explain later as well.
As we were putting out some of the smaller items we came across some pasties.
"You'll never get me trying to hide my nipples," Isla said, "I'm proud of my pokies."
"Me too." I added.
Most of the pasties were stick-on but there was a couple of them that confused me, what's more there was a hole in the middle of them, big enough for a nipple to go through.
"Steve, how do these work?"
He walked over to us and picked one up.
"They aren't really pasties, they're nipple enhancers. Let me show you."
Steve put one on my right tit, my already hard nipple going therough the hole. Then he pulled on my protruding nipple whilst pushing the 'pastie' further onto my tit then twisting it.
"Ouch," I said. "that hurts."
Then I qualified it by adding,
"Not much. It was just the surprise."
"There, Steve said, "that won't fall off, and it keeps your nipple hard."
"I don't think that I need that to keep my nipple hard today Steve, but I can think of times when a pair could come in handy. It hurts a bit, a bit like a small cut does, but I could easily live with that for a few hours, or days."
"Can I try one?" Isla asked.
Steve put the other one of the pair on Isla's right tit, her moaning a litle as he did so.
"Leave those on for a while, let people see them and ask questions, they're only £9.99 a pair."
"Do they come in different colours and shapes?" I asked.
"They do but flourescent red does sort of attract peoples attention, that man over there was staring at you two."
"How do you get them off?" Isla asked.
Sheve showed us and we took them off, neither of us wanting to hide any part of our tits but I did think that there might be occasions where it would be nice to have a pair of brightly coloured ones.
We finished setting everything up then Steve gave us some money and told us to go and get some coffee's before the doors opened and he pointed us in the right direction.
No one took any real notice of the 2 naked teenage girls as we walked through the people still setting up their own stalls but we did pass one stall where we saw another naked girl. Even at the sort of makeshift cafe our nakedness was ignored even by the middle-aged woman serving. I guessed that naked girls would become more common place as the day wore on and I have to say that I was a little disappointed.
Just as we were getting back at Steve's stall we saw a mass of people heading our way and I guessed that the main doors had opened. I also got a little excited at the thought of all those people seeing me naked.
Some of the crowd stopped at Steve's stall and started looking at some of the products and I noticed that a couple of the guys seemed more interested in Isla and me. Steve had been talking to a guy but when he saw the guys looking at Isla and me he turned and asked the 2 guys if they would like a demo of one of the machines.
Isla's and my eyes lit up and we looked at each other knowing that she was thinking the same as me,
"I'm going to get fucked in public, albeit by a machine, and strangers will be watching me get fucked."
Well I hoped that it woud be my turn first, although I wouldn't be upset if Steve chose Isla first. With both Isla and I looking at Steve he said,
"You go first Sandra, don't worry Isla, I'm sure that it won't be long before you're on your back with a dildo pounding in and out of you. Oh, and don't try to hold back either of you,, if you want to cum then cum, no one will mind, in fact they will be hoping thaat you will. The pair of you work out how to setup the first machine in the line and Isla can operatr the controls. If you have any problems I'm sure that those 2 guys will help you."
"No one will mind if Isla cums!" I thought as I looked around.
There were about a dozen men watching us and I was 100% sure that they all wanted to see both Isla and I cum, and both Isla and I wanted to cum for them.
The first machine was quite straightforward, as part of the seting up we'd spread out spong mats like they used at my Katate lessons and Isla was soon on the floor on her back with her legs spread wide either side of a relatively straight forward looking machine, A heavy looking metal box with a silicone, bendy dildo on a metal bar that was just the right height to invade her pussy.
"Shuffle your butt over to the dildo Isla I said as I worked the control so that the dildo moved backwads and forwards. Isla stopped it as far away from my pussy as it would go and I shuffled myself so that the tip of the dildo was just inside my vagina.
"Ready girl?" Isla asked.
"Bring it on sister." I replied.
So she did, slowly at first then after a couple of deep penetrations she turned the speed up a bit.
"That's fucking amazing." I said between moans.
"Literally." Isla replied and turned the speed up a little more.
All the people around me, including Isla, were watching the dildo go in and out of me and watching how the skin around my vaginal entrance was moving.
As we were all watching I heard a man stood next to Isla say,
"She's got nice tits, it's not very often that you see a pair as firm and pointy as those."
Unsurprisingly, I orgasmed quite soon and some of the people, yes, a couple of girls had joined the audience, started clapping. I wondered if Isla would leave the machine running until I had a second orgasm but she decided against that, maybe because she was quite impatient to have a go my herself. She turned the machine down so that the dildo was only going into me quite slowly, then she turned it off.
I looked at Isla's face and saw her grinning, she knew that I'd enjoyed every second. Isla put out a hand to help me get up and as I did I slid her butt back then got to my feet.
"That was awesome." I said as I turned and got a couple of wetwipes to clean the dildo.
I saw that most of the little adience were walking away but a couple were talking to Steve and I hoped that he was making a sales.
A man who hadn't watched me came over to us and asked me how much a different machine was.
"Sorry sir, we're just the models that Steve hired for the day, you'd need to talk to Steve about prices." I replied pointing towards Steve.
"Any chance that one of you could demonstrate one of the machines for me, I want to visualise what my wife would look like using it."
"Certainly sir, which machine were you thinking of?" Isla replied.
Isla and I saw him point at another machine, this one was mounted in a frame and instead of the dildo going parallel to the floor it was going vertically but the motor and the non-business end of the steel bar were mounted at the top of the frame. Isla and I looked at each other then sge said,
"You do it Sandra."
"It's your turn Isla."
"I know, but you go Sandra, I want to watch you."
I wasn't sure how I was supposed to get my pussy to the tip of the dildo that was about half a metre in the air. Steve rescued us.
"On your back Sandra, lift you legs then hold your knees by your shoulders."
It was starting to make some sense so I did as instructed the Steve and Isla lifted the whole frame and moved it so that the tip of the dildo was just above my vaginal entrance. Then he did some adjustments to the frame until I felt the tip of the dildo touching my pussy.
I spread my legs as much as I could then said that I was ready.
Down came the dildo and I had to move my lower body a little to allow the dildo to perfectly align with my vagina. The next downward movement was much more comfortable and pleasurable. I looked around and saw strangers all around me. I was in heaven.
Down and up went the dildo, slowly getting faster and faster and I wished that Isla had my camera so that she could have recorded my first machine fuck but my thoughtd soon changed as the nice feelings got nicer and nicer.
The anticipation of going to be naked in front of lots of strangers, then actually being so and finally being fucked by a machine with lots of strangers seeing the dildo go in and out of me was just too much for me to last very long before cumming and cum I did, and letting everyone around me know that I was cumming.
That was one of the best orgasms that I have ever had. I didn't know if it was Isla or Steve who was controlling the machine but they didn't turn it off when my first orgasn arrived and the dildo kept going down and deep into me then withdrawing so that the tip of it was juat inside me, until I orgasmed again. And it was just as good as the first one.
Thankfully, the dildo stopped going down and up and when I had some control over my body again, Steve and Isla moved the frame so that I could lower my legs. I lay on the mat with my legs spread wide open for at least a minute before getting to my feet and saying that that was fucking awesome.
As I went over to Isla I saw that a couple of men were trying to talk to Steve and I hoped that my demonstration had got him a sale.
Shortly after that Steve uncovered what looked to me like an exercise bike. Because of my thoughts I hadn't taken much notice of it but when the cover came off I saw that it was 'different' to the exercise bikes that I'd seen and used in the university gym. This bike had some extra bits on the upright below the saddle and a hole in the saddle.
It only took a couple of seconds from when I saw Steve attaching a dildo to the gubbings below the saddle that I realised what the bike really was.
"Isla," Steve said, "come and get on the bike."
I was a little jeleous that she was going to use it first but I kbew that I'd be on it sometime before the day was out.
"Ouch." Isla said just after Steve had told her to start pedalling slowly. Then,
"Oh that's nice." As she obviously got the dildo lined up properly and I saw it disappear.
The little audience saw it too and Steve told Isla to pedal as quick as she could.
We all watched Isla bringing herself to an orgasm, me wondering how I could get the university to replace their existing exercise cycles with ones like Isla was riding right then.
Steve turned to me and asked me if I was okay.
"How could I possibly not be. I wouldn't have missed this for the world, thank you so much Steve."
"My pleasure Sandra, and I've got somewhere for you to sit and watch Isla."
Steve took me over to what to me looked like one of those frames that you see in people's gardens with a swing attached for their kids to play on. There wasn't a swing attached but Steve opened a box and got out 2 short lengths of rope. On one end of each of them was a metal karibina. And the other end of each of them had a webbing loop.
"Step into those and pull them up to your thighs." Steve instructed.
Then he lifted me up with one arm and used his other arm to clip the karibina to the top of the frame. Then he went to my other side of me and did the same so that when he released me I was free to swing backwards and forwards. I could even open my legs wide.
"Comfortable?" Steve asked.
"Yes." I replied.
"Would you like something to keep your legs spread so that your audience think that it's not your fault that your legs are wide apart?"
"Good idea Steve, but how?"
Steve smiled, went to a box then came back with what I found out were ankle cuffs.
"How are those going to help?" I asked.
"Patience pointy tits. patience."
As Steve was putting the ankle cuffs on me I said,
"So do you like my little pointy tits Steve?"
"Hell yes, don't tell Lisa but I wish that her tits were like yours Sandra."
"I think that Lisa's tits look great Steve," I replied, "not too big and her nipples do her proud."
"Yes, I'm happy that she hates bras."
Steve stood up then went and got what looked to me like a broom handle. As he attached each end of the wooden pole to my ankle cuffs I realised that I was stuck. unable to close my legs or get off the swing.
"So how is someone supposet to fuck me like this" I asked.
"They'e not, well not with that spreader bar attached, I thought that you might like to be displayed like that for a while, well until Isla has worn herself out on that exercise bike."
"I was hoping to have a go in tha bike." I said.
"And so you shall Sandra, I just want to put some more things on you to see how you feel."
"What?" I asked.
But Steve didn't answer, instead he walked over to his sales counter and got talking with a potential customer leaving me sat there on the swing. I thought for a minute and realised that he was right, I was going nowhere, and my spread pussy was on full display. Some of the potential customers who were watching Isla saw me and came to have a good look at me and I was loving it. I could feel my nipples and clit tingling something rotten and I just knew that my pussy was dripping onto the floor below me.
One of the potential customers went over and interrupted Steve to ask him if it was okay to take some photographs. Steve must have said that it was okay becase the man came back with his phone out and sarted clicking away. The other people staring at me must have assumed that if it was okay for the first man to take photographs then it was okay for them to, and out came more phones.
The tingling got stronger and the puddle must have got bigger as all I could think about was those strangers staring at my spread pussy and taking photographs.
Then I felt something on my neck and I jumped, well as much as I could in the position that I was.
"Relax Sandra," I heard Steve say "it's only me, I'm just putting this collar around your neck."
"What!" I replied as I took one hand off the ropes and using touch I confirmed what Steve was saying.
I didn't need touch to see what Steve did next, he put wrist cuffs on me as I said,
"I didn't know that you sold bondage equipment Steve?" I asked.
"Yes, well just the fun stuff, not the serious BDSM stuff. Do you like the collar and cuffs Sandra?"
"I think that I do, they attract people's eyes but I guess that it depends on what you're going to attach them to."
"Nothing at the moment but you don't need a collar and cuffs to attract people's attention Sandra. Those tits and protruding clit do that for you."
I giggled a little and felt a little proud of my body. I looked over to Isla and saw her body shaking and her pedallng slow down. I guessed that she'd cum again and needed a bit of a rest.
I looked back at Steve and saw that someone had caught his attention so I looked round the little audience and saw a few phones taking photos so I lay back as much as I could and revelled in my exposure.
A few minutes later I opened my eyes and saw Isla stood neat me. I smiled and asked,
"Good ride?"
"Hell yeah, I wish that they had bikes like that at the uni gym, I'd be there every day."
"I thought that as well."
"Great minds. Are you enjoying yourself sitting there with your legs spread wide Sandra? Sorry. silly question, the puddle on the floor answers my question. And what's with the bondage stuff?"
"The jury is still out on these things, Steve thought that I might like to try them."
"I don't fancy them myself." Isla replied.
"Not even the cuffs so that some gorgeous hunk can tie you to his bed and ravish your body for days on end Isla?"
"Maybe the cuffs do have their good points." Isla replied.
I smiled just as Steve came back. With Isla's help Steve got me off the swing and as he did so he told me that the last man that he spoke to was interested in buying 20 of the swings, apparent;y he's a film producer and was thinking about having a line of girls swinging on those swings.
"Do you think that he's a porno film produced?" Isla asked.
"No idea, I didn't ask, what anyone does with anything that they buy from me is their business not mine." Steve replied, then added,
"Sandra, do you fancy going and riding the bike for a while. Isla, have you heard of a Sybian?"
I didn't need to be asked twice and as I got on the bike and impaled myself I watched Steve uncover a Sybian, but this one was different to the one Master Thomas had, this one was mounted on a frame so that once the rider was properly mounted she was stuck there because the height of the frame meant that her feet couldn't touch the floor, she was at the mercy of whoever had the control in their hand which was Steve after he helped her mount the Sybian.
As I started to pedal I saw Isla gasp and guessed that Steve has switched it on and I thought that the totally naked Isla, well apart from the sash, looked great sitting on the Sybian with the dildo insde her and her feet just hanging there, unable to touch the floor.
Meanwhile I was again wishing that the university would replace their exercse cycles with ones like I was currently riding.
After my first orgasm on the bike, and after my brain had got back to normal, I looked around and saw that the place was crowded. I guessed that the public were expecting to see scantily clad, ot naked girls. After my second orgasm on the bike I stopped pedalling and climbed off because I didn't want to run out of energy, I was hoping for a lot more fun before the day was out.
Once Isla couldn't take any more I helped her get off the Sybian and Steve told us that we could take a break. He told us that we might enjoy just walking around for a while or going for a coffee or something to eat. He stuffed a £20 note in a little pocket on the inside of the Sash that that I was wearing.
Just as we turned to walk away Steve told us to stop. We turned to face him and saw him put his hands into a big box. When they came out he told me to turn around and put my hands behind my back. I did and the I felt him put something on the wrist cuffs that joined them together, I was stuck with my hands behind my back.
"What's that for?" I asked.
"Just to make life a little more interesting for you Sandra." Steve replied as he attached a leash to my collar and gave the other end to Isla.
"What the hell." I thought, then, "maybe this will be fun."
I saw Isla smile as she gently tugged on the lease telling me to follow her. As we walked away Isla said,
"Come on doggy, walkies."
It felt strange being led through the crowds like that, a sort of helpless, vulnerable. exciting feeling. Although my Karate lessons meant that I could still defend myself I sort of felt that this must be what a slave feels like. I turned to Isla and said,
"I guess that I'm your slave Mistress, that I have to do whatever you tell me."
Isla got into the dominate role and replied,
"Yes slave, if I tell you to do something you have to do it, for starters suck my right tit."
We stopped, turned to face each other and my mouth went to Isla's right tit. Her nipples had been erect all day but I felt the one in my mouth get very hard as I sucked it and teased it with my tongue. As I did so I heard some nice complimens from the strangers around us.
After a couple of minutes Isla told me to stop, saying that she might just cum if I kept going, then telling me to start walking again.
Walking around in amongst lots of fully clothed people whilst I was virtually naked was an experience that made me feel very horny, something that I wanted to do over and over again. Although I didn't want to get into a conversation with any of the strangers I did enjoy them looking at me and making the odd complimentary comment. It would appear that quite a few people there liked the shape of my tits and a few people liked that I was cuffed and on a leash.
As we walked around the big hall I saw a few girls either topless or naked. One topless girl smiled at us as our paths crossed. I saw a few other stalls selling toys with scantily clad girls tryng to lure men in, but I didn't see any stalls where live demonstrations were going on. I guessed that Steve had got one up on them.
When we got to the little cafe area we joined the queue to be served. Isla was in front of me and when we got to the serving lady she ordered for both of us then told me to turn around. She unclipped one of the cuffs saying,
"There slave, you can carry the food and drinks for us."
Isla went to get the money out of my sash and in doing so she managed to run a finger along my slit and flick my clit causing me to moan. The lady serving us looked me up and down with an expression of disgust on her face that made me smile.
After Isla had paid the lady she put the change back in the pocket on the sash but didn't touch my slit of clit. Then we went to sit at a table and eat the salads.
Again it felt strange sitting there totally naked with all those clothed people around us. Isla and I talked about our day so far and she confirmed what I had thought, that she was enjoying herself just as much as I was. Whilst we were sat there there was quite a few people walking around and as I watched some of the men I realised that they were taking the long route and deliberately walking passed our table and looking at our tits. When I mentioned it to Isla she said that she'd never seen my nipples so big for so long.
Lunch over Isla putt he karabina back on my wrist cuffs and led me out into the passing crowds. I guess that by then I was getting used to being naked in amongst clothed total strangers but it was still very arousing.
We came across a raised area where a naked girl was dancing on her own so we joined the little audience to watch for a minute or so. Just as we were about to leave and continue our walk a man came onto the stage and thanked the girl. Then he announced,
"Thank you ladies and gentlemen, I'm sure that Candy enjoyed performing for you. Now, someone has told me that there is a slave girl somewhere around here who needs to have a gynaecological examination performed by many men. Can anyone here see a slave girl?"
As soon as I heard the words 'slave girl' I guessed that he was refering to me as I was the only naked girl with her hands cuffed behing her back that I had seen all day. My heart started pounding and my nipples and clit throbbed even before he mentioned a gynaecological examination.
"Oh my gawd," Isla said, "that's you, come on, lets get out of here."
I felt a tug on the leash but I didn't move.
"Come on Sandra, you can't stay for that, it's going way too far."
I knew that Isla was right, for her, but for me it sounded just what I wanted.
"No Isla," I replied, "I'm staying, please take me up onto that stage."
"Are you sure Sandra, it's one thing working out in those leotards and skinny dipping but who knows what those men will do to you."
"What's the worst that they can do Isla, fuck me?"
"I guess so."
"Come on, or does the dog have to lead her Mistress?!
Isla started walking to the stage and the little audience parted to give us the space.
"Oh look, our little naked slave is with her naked Mistress." The man said as we climbed up onto the stage.
"I think that we can forgive the advertising across their chests folks, you can't blame a guy for free advertising. So what is you name?" the guy asked Isla.
"I'm Kat and my slave is called Suzie." Isla replied.
"So Kat, was the little birdie right, do you want your slave gynaecological examined?"
"Only if it's by at least a dozen men." Isla replied.
"Well I'm sure that that won't be a problem, what sane man wouldn't want to get his hands on and in a body like hers?"
"Quite," Isla replied, "and she does have a really cute pair of tits doesn't she?"
"She sure does, I haven't seen a pair so perky for a long time. I bet that it's difficult to stop those from drilling through all her clothes."
"Who says that I let her wear clothes?" Isla replied and got a little laugh from some of the audience whose numbers were increasing.
"Okay, I can see why you keep her naked, she's a lucky slave. Now, when the little birdie told me what you wanted for your slave I went round all the vendors here and managed to borrow an examination table. It's not quite the standard variety that you'd find in your GP's surgery, more what you'd fing in your local dungeon, but maybe that's what she's used to."
The guy then turned to face the side of the stage where I saw 2 hunky men with some sort of an examination table. He nodded to them and they wheeled the table over. Oh my gawd, it was nothing like the table that I'd seen at my GP's surgery. Okay the victim still had to lay on her back but the table was in the shape on an inverted 'Y' with straps hanging down the sides.
"Can you un-cuff Suzie please Kat?" The man asked.
Isla did and I was then instructed to climb onto the table where the 2 cute guys proceded to strap me on. My wrists were attached to something above my head which was on some sort of pillow, there were straps above and below my tits, over my waist and over each thigh. The legs of the 'Y' were raised quite high and my ankle cuffs were attached to the bottom ends of the 'Y'. I was well and truly restrained with my little tits pointing to the roof and my pussy spread wide open. What's more, my pussy was leaking something rotten because I was feeling soo horny.
"Well Kat, now that your slave is well and truly imobalised would you like to be the first to examine her?"
"That's okay, I'm quite familiar with every square millemetre of her body, you can be her first for today."
The man, who I never did find out his name, put a hand on one of my tits and squeezed it a bit.
"Wow, your GP will struggle to find any lumps in those, they're one big solid lump, have you had steel cone shaped implants put in those?" The man asked.
"No, those are 100% natural." Isla replied.
The man's hands moved to my nipples and it felt soo good.
"Like that do you slave?" The man asked as I started moaning.
Then he lifted his head, looked at the audience and continued,
"You're going to like these, our slave is very sensitive."
His hands slid down my torso to my clit.
"Wow folks, when did you last see one this big?"
His finger touched the end of my clit and I moaned even louder. Then he stoped and moved his hands away from me. He turnrd to the 2 hunks and said,
"Okay guys, take the slave for a ride. Feet first, the first thing that people should see is her cunt, not the top of her head."
The 2 hunks easily lifted the examination table with me strapped onto it, down off the stage and I started my journey of goodness knows what, but whatever it was going to be I just knew that I was going to enjoy it.
The 2 hunks obviously weren't in a rush to parade me around the hall because it wasn't long before they stopped near a group of men and one of them asked the hunks if they could touch me, and they did. Because my head was raised up a bit I could see everyone who was groping me, and what they were doing to me. It was sooo cool, all those fingers all over me and inside me. Then I heard and saw a man asking one of the hunks if he could fuck me.
"Only if you wear a condom, her Mistress would get a bit pissed if you made her pregnant." The hunk replied.
I thought about telling them that I wouldn't get pregnant but quickly decided against it, I didn't want to discover if they had something nasty in a week or so.
The man who asked obvioulsy wasn't shy because he dropped his trousers and I watched him roll a condom over his cock right there in the walkway with lots of strangers watching.
His cock looked quite average, and even though my pussy was leaking like a sieve, I gasped as he entered me. Because I was so highly aroused by the whole situation, it wasn't long before I was cumming. My body couldn't shake or jerk like it normally does when I have an orgasm but my mouth wasn't covered and I involuntarily let everyone around me know that I was cumming.
The man inside me didn't last long either. I could feel him shooting his load and hear him grunting. I was finally getting my wish to be fucked in public.
That man certainly wasn't the first to grope and fuck me as the hunks wheeled me along the main corridors of the erotic equipment convention. I have no idea how many men, and girls, played with my tits and clit, finger fucked me and actually fucked me. I lost count when it got into double fingers annd it was the same with the orgasms.
I couldn't believe myself when we got near to the stage and I was hoping for it to be over, I needed a bit of a rest, but it certainly wasn't over. After we got to the stage the 2 hunks lifted the examination table back onto the stage and then proceded to fuck me from both ends. When I realised what they were going to do I looked out at the audience and my arousal level shot up. This was going to be even better than being fucked along the corridors.
And it was. I orgasmed 4 times and when it was all over and the hunks unstrapped me from the table, it took me a couple of minutes before I could get off and stand on my feet.
When I looked around I saw Isla standing there with a big grin on her face. I smiled back and said,
"Come on Mistress, your turn."
"What! No, no, I couldn't do that. I sort of want to but no, I'd die."
"No you wouldn't, but it's your choice, no one is going to force you to do anything. Are you going to cuff me and lead me back to Steve?"
"Now that I can do, come on slave, turn around."
"Take it slow Mistress, my legs haven't completely recovered yet."
Kat did and I reveled in the attention that we attracted as we walked through the crowds which seemed greater than they had been earlier.
Back at Steve's stall he greeted us with a big grin and the question,
"Are you okay?"
"Did you see Sandra?" Isla asked.
"I did, she certainly looked like she was enjoying herself."
"I was, it was awesome." I replied.
"Good," Steve replied, "you now have the choice of prison or a spanking. Which do you want first?"
"What!?" I said, "You're going to spank us?"
"No I am not, I have a nice little machine that will do it for me."
"Interesting." I replied."
"Tell you what girls, one of you can go to prison whilst the other gets spanked."
"Okay, I guess," I replied. "so which of us is going to which first?"
"Toss a coin fot it." Steve replied. "Oh wait, no purses."
"Actually," I interrupted, "I do have some coins, change from our lunch."
I dove into the pocket on the sash, pulled out the coins and handed them to Steve.
"Thanks." Steve said and put all but 1 coin into his pocket, tossed the remaining coin and covered it with his other hands.
"Who's calling?" Steve asked.
"You can Isla." I replied.
She did and she got it right.
"Can I get spanked first?" Isla asked.
"Okay girls, help me drag the parts of the machine over to the front so that everyone walking by can see it in action."
"So that's what this is?" I said as we dragged the 2 parts across the area.
Once we'd got it where Steve wanted it he said,
"This will take a few minutes to get setup right, if I get it wrong Isla's backside will hurt so much that she'll have to lay across the back seat on the journey home so I'll get you locked up first Sandra, that will only take a minute."
We went over to these 2 metal poles that are attached to metal plates and have a metal dildo on top of them, the tip of the dildo being about at pussy height. Both poles were also at the front, just a metre from the passing people.
"Which one do you want Sandra?"
I compared the 2 and then said,
"The one with the wooden blocks on the metal plate please."
"Brave girl." Steve replied, "do you know what you are letting yourself in for?"
"Not a clue." I replied.
"Okay, stand with your feet either side of the pole on the balls of your feet with your heels on the wooden blocks."
As I got into the position I fely the wooden blocks go down and the tip of the metal dildo just touch my pussy.
"Good Sandra, now go up onto the balls of your feet then I'll adjust the height of the dildo so that it's inside you."
Steve did, his face right in front of my pussy. There was no resistance as the dildo slid up into my hole and I felt the tip touch my cervix then go back down just a little.
"Good Sandra. I'm going to switch it on now. If your legs get tired and you start to transfer your weight onto you heels the wooden block will go down a bit and the metal plate under it will go down and make conact with another one. That will send some electricity to the metal dildo."
"You're going to electrocute Sandra?" Isla asked.
"Don't worry Isla, it won't kill her, just give her a jolt."
"Inside her pussy?"
"Yes."
"Sandra, make sure that you stay on the balls of you feet." Isla said.
"I intend to." I replied, "but I necer had ballet lessons as a kid and I don't wear heels often so I might not last long, bye Isla, it was nice knowing you."
"Before I switch it on try and get off the dildo." Steve said, ignoring what I hoped was a joke.
I thought for a second then tried to lean forward in an attempt to pull myself up and off. As I expected, there was no way that I could free myself. The pain as I leant forward was too much to bear as soon as I leant forwards even just a bit. I was stuck and I just hoped that I could stay on the balls of my feet until Steve decided to release me or switch the power off.
I watched Steve pick up the power control and twist a knob.
"I've set it on low power Sandra, just try going down onto you heels so that you can get an idea of what it will be like if you weaken."
I gingerly slowly lowered my heels with my heart pounded in anticipation of getting the shock that I expected to be nothing like I had ever had before. It still caught me by surprise and I screamed when it his me. Insinctively my heels lifted up and the power was cut.
"Fucking hell!" I said, "that was, that was nothing like I expected, not that I knew what to expect."
"You can get vibrators that give you random shocks like that." Steve said.
"Oh yes," I replied, "you'll have to tell me what they are called."
"So you liked it then?" Isla asked.
"I wouldn't go that far," I replied, "but it did turn me on a bit."
"Bloody hell Sandra, I doubt that it would do that to me, more like make me piss myself." Isla said.
"Okay girls, you can talk about it later, Sandra I'm turning the power up and leaving you to it, Isla, come on, it's time to strap you down ready to be spanked."
I watched with interest as Steve and Isla went to the spanking machine.
First Steve got Isla to bend over this sort of wooden frame. Her legs were spread quite wide as he strapped her ankles to the frame. From where Steve had setup the frame everyone walking by would be able to see Isla's spread pussy. Then he moved to her arms and strapped her wrists to the frame, she was going nowhere.
Next Steve moved the metal stand with the machine on it to where he thought it should be. The spanking arm had this viscious looking cane attached to it and I thought that it could do a lot of damage to Isla's butt. Steve moved the arm so that the cane was just touching her butt.
Next Steve surprised me a bit by detaching the cane and getting a number of 'weapons' out of a box. He studied each one then decided to go with a long, leather paddle which he attached to the machine's arm.
Meanwhile, my legs were starting to ache a little.
I kept watching Steve and Isla's butt as he made a final adjustment then switched the machine on. The arm slowly moved back then, like a huge spring being compressed, then the arm sprang forwards, the paddle hit Isla's butt and she screamed.
Needless to say that the loud scream attracted the attention of the people passing by who had not seen her and around 30 pairs of eyes were now focusd on Isla's butt as the arm of the machine slowly moved away revealing a red strip across both of Isla's butt cheeks.
My pussy leaked a but more at the thought of it being my butt that had just been whacked. I concentrated my eyes on Isla's butt, or more specifically her wet pussy that everyone could see and I saw a couple of little bubbles of her juices coming out of her vagina.
The arm on the machine went as far back as it could then the spring was relased again. I swear that I could hear a short 'whoosh' as the arm of the machine flew forward followed by a loud crack as the paddle landed on Isla's butt, then a scream as Isla felt the pain.
As the arm slowly moved back I heard a couple of comments from the audience, both of them liking what they were watching.
Three more times that arm was released and 3 more times Isla screamed before Steve switched off the machine and went and stood near Isla's head. He stood so close to her that I thought that he was going to get his cock out and stuff it into her mouth, but he didn't. I could see that he was talking but I couldn't hear what he was saying.
As Steve went back to the machine my aching legs really made their presence known. I didn't know how much longer I could stay up on the balls of my feet.
Five more times I saw that paddle land of Isla's butt and I heard her scream. I wondered how much more she could take although her butt looked very red I couldn't see any real damage to her skin.
Steve went and had another word with Isla and as he did I unexpectedly felt an electric shock inside my pussy. I too screamed and my body lifted up as I went back onto the balls of my feet. I hadn't realised that my legs were slowly weakening as much as they obviously were and that my heels were going down.
The audience's attention turned to me when I'd screamed and I felt a little rush of pussy juices and I wondered if they were starting to run down the part of the dildo that wasn't inside me, and the metal pole. I had the horrible thought that if they reached the bottom of the pole something would short circuit and I would get a constant electric shock.
I took a deep breath and pressed down on my toes.
Five more times that paddle swung and landed on Isla's butt and 5 more times she screamed, although the screams weren't as loud as the original ones.
As the fifteenth swat landed on Isla's butt my leg muscles gave way again and I too screamed but this time I wasn't so quick at going back up onto my toes and the electric shock lasted longer. What's more I realised that it wasn't that bad after the initial shock and it seemed to stimulate my arousal. But I still went back onto my toes.
Steve stopped the spanking machine and again went round to Isla's head. After a short conversation Steve went and started the machine again. After the third (eighteenth) swat Isla didn't scream, in fact I could see that her body was shaking.
I'd just made that realisation when my leg muscles had finally turned to jelly and my weight went onto my heels. This time it wasn't a scream that came out of my mouth it was a long groan as I resigned myself to a constant electric shock inside my pussy until someone switched the power off.
I hadn't realised before, but I could feel that my vaginal muscles had clamped onto the dildo and I was pleased that it was a smooth dildo, if it had had ridges on it I feared that it would never come out of me. I too started shaking, but it was more like muscle spasms.
On and on went the spasms, and the groans. At the time my brain wasn'thinking properly but deep inside it was obviously getting more and more aroused because I remember thinking that I was orgasming. I vagually remember thinking that I was going to die and that it was a wonderful way to go as the feelings went on and on.
How I managed to stay on my feet and upright I will never know, but what I do know was that if I did fall forwards I would have done myself sone very serious internal damage.
Finally, I realised that the electric shocking had stopped but my body kept spasming and orgasming for quite a few seconds before they too started to slow and stop. When I managed to lift my head I saw Steve standing in front of me with a big grin on his face.
"Are you okay Sandra?" Steve asked.
After the third time of asking I magaed to reply,
"I've, I've never cum for so long. It felt like that one lasted for hours." I replied.
Steve squat down in front of me and lowered the dildo so that it was no longer inside me and as I felt that it was gone my body relaxed and Steve managed to catch me as my legs gave way and I collapsed forwards.
Steve easily carried me over to one of the sponge mats and lay me down. I smiled as I realised that once I was on my back he'd lifted my legs and spread them wide. As I lay there I could almost feel the electric shock still torturing my insides.
After a while I saw Isla looking down on me.
"Are you okay Sandra?" Isla asked.
"Give me 5." I replied, "how are you?"
"My butt hurts but I'm good."
Isla turned to let me look at her red butt and said,
"I won't sit next to you if you don't mind."
I laughed a little and lifted my arm for her to pull me up. When I was on my feet I saw Steve talking to potential customers so I turned to Isla and said,
"Thanks, you've got to try that, it really is torture but when it hits you, wow, that really was a new experience."
"A good experience?" Isla asked.
"Yes, and no. I was hell at first but ......"
I didn't finish the sentence, instead I took Isla's hand and led her over to the same 'prison'. I put her in the same position that I had been in then raised the dildo until it was inside her hole.
"Up on the balls of your feet." I said, then I raised the dildo a little before tightening the bolt to fix the dildo at that height.
"Ready?" I asked.
"No." Isla replied but I ignored her and went to the control box.
I looked at Isla's face and saw that 'shit scared' expression but I just knew that she wanted to try it.
"Go down onto you heels Isla." I said.
"No."
"Isla."
"No, I'm scared."
"Isla."
"No."
I went behind Isla, squat down and pressed on one of the wooden blocks.
Isla screamed and I lifted my finger off the block and went round to her front.
"Still alive I see." I said.
"Bitch." Isla replied. "I'm going to get something to give those cute little tits of yours a shock like that."
"Promises, promises." I replied.
Just then Steve came over as said,
"Having fun girls?"
"Yes, ....... no," Isla replied, this is horrible, Sandra tried to kill me."
"No she didn't," Steve replied, "that thing won't kill you, just keep you on your toes."
"Very punny." Isla replied.
"Come on Sandra," Steve said as he took my hand and led me towards the spanking machine, "time for you to be spanked."
"HEY," Isla shouted, "you can't leave me here like this."
Steve and I both ignored her, Steve saying that Isla would be fine.
I turned my head to look at the little audience as Steve strapped me in place and I saw about 20 people looking at me. I felt happy. The anticipation that I felt whilst Steve made adjustments to the machine really was making my pussy leak and I wondered if my audience could see my juices escaping.
I heard a short 'whoosh' and then I screamed although it was just as much from surprise as it was from the pain. Yes it had hurt but not as bad as I was expecting. For a split second I wondered it Steve had set the machine so that it didn't hurt me as much as it had Isla.
That thought went completely out of my head when the second swat landed. I didn't scream but the long grunt that came out of my mouth told everyone that could hear that it had hurt me.
As the whacks continued I wondered if the electric shocks that I had had inside me had de-sensitized the pain sensors in my butt.
Steve didn't come and check that I was okay and my count of whacks went into double figures. It was round about the fifteenth swat that I felt that wonderful feeling of arousal and the knowledge that an orgasm would hit me if things went on as they were, and around the twentieth whack it arrived and hit me like, like, like something that I couldn't describe.
My body started shaking and if the straps would have let me my audience would have seen my body jerking although I couldn't stop myself from annoucing that I was cumming.
The spanking machine kept going and I wondered if Steve was waiting to see if I'd cum again but then it stopped and Steve came over to me and started unfastening the straps whilst apologising for not switching it off sooner, something about talking to a customer.
When I was free and properly on my feet I turned to look at Isla and saw her, still locked on her prison, her whole body was shaking and her eyes looked very blank.
"Steve," I said, "Isla."
Steve turned, swore and rushed over to turn the power off to Isla's prison.
"Jeez girl." I said as I knelt in front of Isla to lower the dildo, "there's rivers running down the insides of your legs."
Steve and I caught Isla and took her to the mats where we lay her down, me moving her feet well apart so that all of her pussy was on display.
I looked down at Isla and saw that she was breathing heavily but she still had that blank expression on her face so I slapped her face. Her eyes started blinking then she said,
"What was that for?"
I laughed then bent over and kissed her on her mouth lips.
"So do you want to buy one of those prisons Isla?" I asked, "They can't be that expensive."
"Only to stick up a guy's arse to keep him hard longer." Isla replied.
Steve laughed and went over to someone who looked like he wanted to talk to him. I sat on the mat, wincing as my painful butt made contact with the mat, next to Isla and asked,
"So did you enjoy that?"
"Ask me again tomorrow, my insides are still recovering."
A short while later Steve came over to us and we got to our feet.
"How's it going girls?" Steve asked, but before we could answer he continued, "Why don't you go for a wander, have a proper look at everything."
I still had the ankle and wrist cuffs and the collar on, but my wrists were not fastened together, nor did I have the leash on, but we both still had our sashes and our heels on as we left Steve and slowly walked in amongst all the clothed people. I again found being naked in amongst clothes stangers very arousing. I hope that I never get used to it and get immune to that feeling.
We saw quite a few 'sights' as we walked, quite a few topless and a few naked girls. I wondered if they were as aroused as I was. We also saw a couple of guys wearing bondage gear. Neither were hunky men and I thought that they looked silly.
Steve was right when on the journey there we'd see things that we'd never even imagined. We had to stop at one stall and ask the man there what a couple of things that he had on display were. When he told us he asked us if we'd like to try them but we both declined. One was a pump that goes over your tits and using suction makes them a lot bigger. I told the man that I was quite happy with my tits as they were.
We also saw little shows being put on in different trader's areas. One girl was actually getting fucked as she bent over a table. When we got to the stage where I'd been fucked we stood and watched a sort of erotic dancing show with 2 totally naked girls who did get fucked whilst we watched. I didn't think that it was very erotic but Isla said that I would have thought different;y if I'd been one of the girls. She was probably right.
Whilst we were stood there watching a couple of guys just had to make some complimentary comments about our naked bodies. All 4 of our nipples had been rock hard all day amd I was proud of mine and the tits that they were on the front of.
The other thing of mine that had been rock hard all day was my clit and at one point I wondered why the female body hadn't been designed with our pussies more visible all the time.
When that show finished Isla and I continued our walk and I noticed that there weren't as many people walking about. When I mentioned it to Isla she wondered what time the convention closed. When we got back to Steve we saw that he was starting to pack things into boxes.
"When's the next one of these erotic equipment conventions?" Isla asked Steve as soon as we got there.
"Enjoyed yourselves have you girls?"
"Is the Pope a catholic?" Isla replied.
Steve and I both laughed then Steve said,
"I'll let you know."
We helped Steve box everything as the visitor numbers diminished until I saw only people carrying boxes.
"Steve," Isla asked, "there's one hell of a lot more boxes to go to the van than we brought in, do we have to carry ALL this lot out to the van?"
"We have to get it out to the van but we don't have carry it all, there's a trolley in the back of the van that will help us."
"Shall I go and get it?" I asked.
"Okay, thanks Sandra."
Steve gave me the van keys and off I went. It was only when I got to the exit that I remembered that I was naked,
"Sod it," I thought and kept walking.
As soon as I went out of the door I realised that I wasn't as much on display as I had hoped, it was well after sundown but there were some street lights. A few people looked at me, which was nice but the main thing was that it was cold outside. My nipples and clit had been hard all day but the reason for that was now the cold. I walked quickly and quickly got the trolley out of the van.
On the way back in I got stopped by a security guard wanting to know where I was going. After I explained he let me continue and I decided that he only wanted to spend a few more seconds looking at my body close up.
We had to make 2 trips out to the van and by the time everything was in the van I was feeling quite cold.
"I hate to say this Steve, but where are our clothes, I'm freezing and I need to put my dress on."
"Me too." Isla added.
"Where did you put them girls?" Steve asked.
"We gave them to you this morning when we took them off Steve." Isla replied.
"Ahh, in that case they will be one of the boxes in the back of the van."
"Well I'm too cold to get them now," I said, "can we ride home like this and get them when we get there and the van's heater has warmed us up?"
"You want us to ride home like this?" Isla asked.
"Yes, why not, unless you object Steve?" I asked.
"Not at all girls, it's dark so there's litle chance of anyone seeing you or the cops stopping us." Steve replied.
"But we're high up in a van!" Isla said.
"Shut up and get in girl, I'm freezing." I said.
We did, and Isla and I stayed naked throughout the journey. It was mostly on open roads and it was only when we got into the city centre and had to stop at traffic lights that I saw that a couple of young men had seen us but by then I had warmed up and I turned to look out of the van door window so that the young men could get a better look at my tits.
Steve had been talking to Lisa on the phone during the journey and she'd invites Isla and me to their house for a meal.
"Saves me cooking something, thank you Lisa." I said with her on speaker.
Steve and Lisa live in a big house on the outskirts of the city and there was plenty of space in their driveway for his car, Lisa's car and the van.
"This is nice." I said as I opened the van door to get out causing my nipples to go rock hard instantly.
Lisa must have heard or seen the van arriving because she was coming out to greet us.
"Where are your clothes girls?" Lisa asked.
"In the back of the van somewhere." I replied.
"Never mind those for now, come on in where it's warm." Lisa said.
I could see Isla start to say something but she stopped herself and we followed her into the house only to be greeted by a couple in their late twenties who were both grinning. Lisa introduced them as Martin and Charlotte, their neighbours.
"Don't worry about being naked girls," Charlotte said, "we've been naked here quite a few times, Steve and Lisa hold some very interesting parties at times."
"Sounds like fun." I replied.
I looked at Isla and saw that she looked like me, quite relaxed about being naked, after all we'd been naked all day and there had been hundreds, if not thousands of strangers looking at us.
When I'd first walked in and seen Martin and Charlotte I'd felt a little uncomfortable, not because I was naked, but because I would no doubt have to talk to them, not something I like to do but both Martin and Charlotte, and Lisa and Steve are all very easy to talk to and I was quickly feeling comfortable as we talked and drank as we all helped Lisa finish getting the meal ready then sat around a big table eating,
One subject of conversation whilst we help Lisa was Isla's and my still red butts and both Lisa and Charlotte told us that they too had red butts at times, it appeared that spanking girls butts was more popular that I had thought.
Isla and I told them about our gym and swimming sessions, and our trip to the funfair whilst the others recounted some of their adventures. The ones where Lisa and Charlotte were naked on holiday really got me thinking and the idea of spending the next summer somewhere like Ibiza started to develop in my mind.
Isla and I volunteerrd to do the washing-up and Lisa let us get started but soon after all the dishes were in the kitchen both Lisa and Charlotte re-appeared, both as naled as Isla and I were.
"We don't see why we can't have as much fun as you two." Lisa said to Isla and myself.
By that time Steve and Martin were opening more wine bottles, and getting aroused by the 3 naked girls around them.
You can probably guess what happened next, and you'd be right and it was the early hours of the next morning when any of us got to sleep. The only combination of couples having some sort of sex that I didn't see, or take part in, was Steve and Martin which, upon reflection, pleased me. For some unknown reason the thought of 2 men having sex doen't appeal to me at all and I can't understand why they would want to, especially when there were 4 naked girls there, all wanting both cocks inside them.
It was around 7:00 a.m. when I woke up, on a bed sandwiched between Steve and Lisa, with Steve's cock slowly sliding in and out of my pussy. It was just after 8:00 a.m. when Steve went and got Isla's and my clothes out of the van and put them on a radiator to warm up.
Ten minutes later Isla and I were in Lisa's car heading into town where she dropped us off outside our accommodation buildings.
Well, that's what happened during my first new weeks at university and I am really happy to say that I loved every minute of it. Up to the Christmas break I did lots more of the same and really did make up for the lack of sex before going to uni, and I did learn that interacting with other people isn't as bad as had been before going to uni.
I did go on one escort job that Master Thomas fixed up for me and I did get a really nice dress out of it, oh, and a couple of thousand pounds, but afterwards I told Master Thomas that I'd like to stick to the spanking and the anonymous, out-cold fuckings in hotel rooms for a while and to ask me again in the new year.
Oh, one more thing, the number of girls going to the gym and then the swimming pool doubled before Christmas.
It was a different, and quite richer, Sandra who went home to my parents hpuse for a few days at Christmas.
vanessa.asslr.org