"Why are you flirting with disaster like this? It's so not like you Dakota Lynn."
"Stop trying to make me feel guilty Sandy. This is just something I feel the need to do."
Walking from Home Economics or Home Bleeechonomics as they called it Cassandra "Sandy" Hatfield kept trying to hide Dakota's fanning cleavage until Dakota McKellen finally slapped her friends arm. With her button down dress opened to her navel, even after her panty ordeal earlier, when her entire upper body was exposed to a bunch of boys playing keep away using her undies, Dakota thrived. While being utterly embarrassed by them she still found it in herself to push on. Her hormones after the event were spiking. Was this what it was like to be her Mother?
The lust among thieves was still strong as some of the boys involved stalked her from a distance as if hoping they might get another exposure of the hot little brunette. She even found herself playfully looking their way as if encouraging them. What was going on here? Dakota herself hadn't quite figured it out. With so many other beautiful young women getting the chance to show off their bodies in some fashion there should be no reason to zero in on just her.
Heck, the cheerleaders were certainly bringing cheer to themselves. The whole squad was wearing dresses inspired as much as possible by Counsellor Cherry's runaway outfits. Piper was getting away with so much skin that some thought that Horton-Dexter had hired a Pornstar. To top it all off Dakota's own Mother Josie was just as risque. Truth be known Josie had her clothing off more than on at certain points in her day. That competition would heat up.
Dakota however was not ready for the full meal deal so to speak. While teasing wildly was one thing, she was still a virgin like her twin sister Sable. Sex while weighing heavy on her mind after hearing and seeing her parents act out their personal savage ravage, was a bit too scary still. The problem was she just didn't want to get hurt or be merely used by some random boy. Even Angus Furlong had a reputation, yet she had a crush on him, trying hard to keep her guard up concerning him. With he and cheerleader Robin Banks having recently broke up she pondered if she should risk giving him a chance, a simple date wouldn't be that bad, right? Set rules and if he failed then she knew he was not the one. Earth to Dakota?
"Yeah, but come on Dakota, you're not a slut like all these girls around here." Sandy continued her plea for her friends sanity. All the way to Dakota's locker between classes she had nagged her. Finally Dakota just stopped little Miss Hatfield and smiled.
"I'll be fine, stop acting like my...your mother." She couldn't use her own mother. Definitely a slut. "Just give me space for awhile and let me sort out a few things. I'm testing what people...certain boys think of me. Call it screening out the losers from the winners. Winners from the losers. Whichever!"
"Please be careful. I wuvs you sis."
"I know. Sis wuvs you too." They lean in to one another and peck each other on the cheek in front of far too many people. In seconds the rumor that Dakota liked girls was set in motion.
"Awww!" Came a familiar voice, "The Hatfield's and the McCoy's...I mean McKellen's finally made peace." Piper Cherry walked by winking. "You know in France they kiss both cheeks." Giggling the girls switched cheeks and added to that vicious rumor. Once they parted ways guys and girls alike started wagging their tongues at each of them, mainly Dakota. Oh, that definitely helped her hormones. Under certain circumstances Dakota even decided to wag her own tongue at lesser threats. Probably not her smartest move but it did keep her in the spotlight. Sandy? Once she saw how many tongues were harassing her from girls she stopped while she was ahead. She really needed a boyfriend to prove them all wrong.
Kissy faces were a thing of the past...
********
Upstairs on the second story of Horton-Dexter High, Piper Cherry made her rounds. Having bantered with Dakota and teased boys in her travel path in one fashion or another she felt like checking in on her bestie and her adopted protégé. Stopping first at Josie's she saw what appeared to be a private talk between Josie and her other daughter Sable. Sable looked sad and whiney so Piper chose to spin on her heels and head for the hills. It likely had to do with her accomplice Travis Herbert. With no answers as to whom did what they endured it was better to avoid Sable.
Noting a certain male Spanish teacher sneakily peering around the doorway into Mimi Alexander's art class then a shrill squeaky moan seconds later Piper grinned. Taking her heels off to move in silence she snuck up behind the meek Kevin Fowler and saw the tiny silver bullet remote poised in his hand. In thought only Piper mused, "Two days in a row. I'm impressed. Tom and Jerri are still at it. I think I've started something."
Knowing the Teachers were between classes, meaning alone for a precious five minutes more she stood directly behind Kevin and looked in on Mimi's desk. Mimi sat behind it rubbing her clit without sharing the physical picture toward Kevin. He knew regardless exactly where her fingers were. Mimi ignored looking at her torturer thriving on just the exhibitionist/ voyeur aspect which fueled both of their imaginations.
"Psst! What are you doing?" Piper chose to whisper.
Startled Kevin stood up straight and kept his back to Piper acting suspiciously embarrassed. "Nothing." ,was all he could muster as his left hand hid in front of him. Knowing full well what he was doing Piper smirked and snuck around him before he could react. Sure enough Kevin had his dick out and was trying to put it away with one hand.
"That's an awfully big nothing Kevin." She takes his hand away from it letting it linger alone and drags his palms up to his cheeks to accompany his expression of shock. "There! Now you're Macaulay Skulkin' from Home Alone."
"Oh Dear God!" His face inflamed as Piper knelt down in front of him and helped him put his erection away, knowing students would be arriving any second. Once zipped up she pats his crotch.
"Don't be embarrassed. Has...Mimi seen this yet?"
"N-n-no! Please don't tell her. I-I-I don't want her to be cross with me."
With her vibes fading Mimi looked toward the hallway and saw only Piper's bare feet as if on her knees. Eyes flaring Mimi jumped up and tiptoed to the corner of her doorway to cautiously look around it. Seeing Piper patting Kevin's crotch she pouted. This was her play toy, not Piper's. In a pouty encounter she stepped over Piper's feet and looked down at the bombshell blond.
"What are you two doing?"
"I was just about to give Kevin here the best blowjob he's ever had. Wanna join? We can team up on him, you suck his balls. I know cute little kitten's like balls of yarn to dig their claws into."
"OH DEAR GOD!" Kevin lost it. He nutted in his slacks and rolled his eyes back. Seeing him teeter Mimi jumped behind him to catch his balance. Her hands racing around his chest she palmed it as if hugging him, one set of claws raking his abdomen. Another spasm at her closeness he finished his load with Piper still touching the seam of his pants.
"That's our boy." Piper winked. With students heading upstairs the band broke up. However Mimi lingered a little longer in her hug to Kevin's back, her eyes even closed as if basking in his scent. Seeing her Piper took the remote from Kevin's hand and zapped her. The second she felt the silver bullet vibrator attack her pussy she yelped and began giggling.
"You behave yourself." Mimi sneered at Kevin until Piper lifted the remote. "Then, you behave yourself." Playtime was over.
********
Within Josie's classroom behind closed door...a good ten minutes before the unlikely threesome outside in the hallway.
"Just give Travis time Honey. He's been through a lot."
"I know Mom, so have I, in case you haven't seen the video it's up to 6,000 likes now. I think our rival schools must have found it."
"It will blow over."
"It looks like I blew over Travis." She shows Josie the video as her Mother tried to hide her amusement. Sure enough it looked as if her daughter was sucking his dick. The thought of that made her think of Reese and her baller boys. Not even Roman at that moment. Shaking off the mental visual she turns Sable's cell away and changes the subject.
"Your birthday's coming up. Have you and your sister thought about what you might like to do to celebrate?"
"Are you going to have time?" Sable frowned.
"What's that supposed to mean?"
"Come on Mom. I'm not...stupid. You're...seeing someone."
"The Roman rumor?"
"Don't lie to me. I know it's true."
"Oh really?" Josie tried to play it off as if it weren't. Seeing Sable's insistence she sighs, "Yes. I'm seeing Roman. Let's not get into this here at school. Besides, your Father knows. We're...sorting it all out. NO WE ARE NOT DIVORCING."
"I know you love Daddy. I guess...I'm just confused as to why you're doing that to him. Don't you and Daddy..."
"Oh I adore your Father. That will never ever change. We...just need more as time goes on. Look, I'll level with you and your sister more later. A family talk to get it all out might be a good idea. After your birthdays?"
"Fine! At least I know you want to get it out in the open. I...miss you Mom. You're barely there for us these days."
"I'll try to be there more often. Just...bear with me."
"Mom?" Sable winced at something that had been nagging at her since stepping in.
"Yes?"
"Are you wearing a nightie?"
"This old thing?" She looks down at her satiny chemise, "No, it's a dress, one I borrowed from Piper."
"That's a nightie." Sable shook her head doubting her Mother. "Why hasn't Carl made you go home and change? Are you seeing Principal Manley too?"
"Oh no! Carl is quite happy with his wife. He just...gives me more freedom that most."
"You and Piper."
"Yes. Every Wednesday for the students as well."
"Mom! The sluts here are out of control. I've seen more..." She blushes, "Vajajay than I've seen my own."
"Really?" Josie giggled, "Sorry it just struck me wrong. I haven't heard that word vajajay in years."
"Okay...pussy." Sable blurted out then laughed at herself. Josie lowered her forehead into her hands shaking her head at her daughter.
"As long as you're not showing yours I'm strangely okay with it."
"What if I did?" She said as Josie went expressionless to just stare up at her baby.
"I...well...we...your Father and I did say you girls could make your own decisions. Happy Birthday early I suppose."
"That day we went to Cumberland Park? I took my panties off. Dakota left hers at home."
"I see. Did...anyone..."
"Mace saw both of us. We teased him. It was soooo hilarious."
"Mace?" Josie's thoughts instantly went to seeing Piper's nephew packing a nine inch python and jerking off in front of her late at night. Again she had to shake off the imagery or start fingering herself uncontrollably. "You and your sister let Mace...see your...vajajay's?"
"Uh huh! That was all though." Sable just couldn't keep her yap shut.
"Is he the only boy to see you?" Sable went pale suddenly and lowered her head.
"No."
"Do tell."
"Travis saw me. You know he did when Knox and Dip stole our clothes."
"Right! That was pretty awkward. I guess I meant...by choice."
"Obviously, Knox and Dip saw me...but..."
"But?"
Gritting her braces Sable just went for it, "We borrowed a couple of your bikini's to sunbathe in by Piper's pool. Knox and Dip snuck up on us and...we let them oil us until they got too handsy."
"How handsy?"
"Everywhere." Sable expected her Mother to blow a gasket. "Travis stopped them from going too far. Those bullies depantsed him and tossed him into Piper's pool."
"Didn't I once hear Travis couldn't swim? Oh my God!"
"Dakota and I jumped in and saved him. Only..." Again she gnashed her teeth.
"Stop grinding your teeth. Just be open I think we're past the secrets Sweetie."
"Knox and Dip tried to prevent us from rescuing Travis. They...wrestled with us and broke our...your bikinis."
"Which bikinis?" Josie pouted. There were certain ones she absolutely adored herself in.
"The micro ones. I'll show you when you take us home tonight."
"I...can't give you a ride again." Josie felt lousy but she did promise Roman a visit. That, and she had a hunch that Angus Furlong and his friends wanting to use the weight room right down the hall from Roman's office was intentional. She had almost forgotten about them until now. Not only them but her basketball boy toys would be practicing as well. She needed to play.
"Moooom! You just said you'd try to spend more time with us."
"And, I will, just not tonight. Maybe Saturday we can all go out as a family. I'll talk to your Father. Zoo? You always liked the animals." So did Josie, especially when her lovers went primal. Reese again! She had to hold her breath or rub her clit.
"We're not kids anymore. So done with Pandas and Giraffes."
"Okay, well you and Dakota think about it and let us know your options."
"Fine! How are we getting home? Piper has Detention. Dad is probably busy with his...game."
"I'll figure it out."
As if on cue Sable's cell pinged and her eyes brightened up. Checking it she bubbled up upon the contact name, "IT'S TRAVIS! YAY!" She hopped in step.
"See? He just needed time. Go to your next class I'll let you know who's giving you a ride home."
"He says he's sorry and misses me. He knows I was only trying to help."
"Good. Course corrected."
"I just asked him if maybe his Mom could come pick us up. She owes us after Daddy took him to school the other morning."
"Why did I not think of Kelly?" Josie would in the future. Whether she approved of it or not.
"Kelly said she would. Bye Mom. Love you."
"Love you too."
Perfectly timed, kids began filtering into Josie's classroom. Boys even noticing Sable at first thinking her to be her sister Dakota kissed at her. Realizing their mistakes they shied off. Still, even distracted by texting Travis she saw puckers and sheepishly blushed. Maybe it required a couple buttons on her dress to be unbuttoned. Why let Dakota steal all the thunder. She was really happy now.
Leaving her Mother's class she looked over to her right and spotted Piper, Mimi, and Mr. Fowler talking. Mr. Fowler looked flushed as if ready to faint. Maybe they were just standing by in case he needed an EMT. Turning away she heard Mimi Alexander yelp and swat at Piper. Like a zombie Kevin Fowler tromped slowly toward his Spanish class.
"These guys are getting weird."
********
Angus Furlong spent his entire morning brooding over his confrontation with Knox Hardecker. While they used to be friends something just snapped within him that day. Any other time he would have been gung ho about getting a blowjob from a hot MILF like Kelly Herbert. Something just triggered him when he saw Dakota McKellen and her sister heading home from Piper's cheerleading practice. Seeing the girl just turned his thoughts upside down. Did he really truly like Dakota? He liked Robin Banks more. Didn't he?
"You okay Bro?" His best buddy Toby Mellon looked at him in shop class lost in thought. "It's like...you're a million miles away. Don't get like this so close to game night against Marquette. We can't kick their asses without you."
"I'm good. Just thinking."
"About what? What we can do to Piper in Detention today? Wait...we can't, we have football practice. Awww maaan! We can't even go watch Mrs. M get screwed by the Coach. What were we thinking asking Crandell to work out in the weight room?"
"Coach didn't think of that either when he said yes. There's always another day. We'll do that next week. I wasn't thinking either, at least about Josie."
"Mind on another McKellen?"
"Nunya!"
"Come on Bro. I'm not stupid I see how you look at her. Robin even knows."
"Well aware Buddy. Robin and I are solid."
"So, you're just hoping to hook up with Dakota?"
"Something like that. Honestly, after last night with Hardecker my minds kind of...changing. Dude, leave me alone."
"You like Dakota more than you're admitting. You know I'm cool with whatever you do. What about Tina? Still seeing her on the side?"
"Robin knows about Tina too. She's known all along, the skanks just never let me in on it. Makes me feel a lil betrayed."
"Maybe Robin just wanted to keep you excited thinking you and Tina were doing it behind her back."
"Probably! Working on a threesome with Tina." Angus smiled then just as quickly lost it. "Bell's about to ring, I gotta go."
"Oh! Did you hear Corey Samson has Dakota's thong?"
"WHAT?" Angus pepped up, "How did he get that?"
"Stole it from her book bag. She's been going commando all day." Pondering Corey's thievery Angus growled. "He and some of the guys played keep away from her. Corey supposedly even unbuttoned most of Dakota's dress and tugged it open. Her whole chest came flying out. We should have been there for that."
"Fuck you Mellon." Angus shoved his friend aside right in front of his Shop Teacher Damon Rice who looked as if he needed to intervene until Angus barged out of his class. Toby just shrugged it off and told Damon it was cool. Good thing, Damon didn't want any troubles before lunch.
"He's in love." Toby chuckled. Damon simply puckered thinking, "Tough love." For some reason Damon in that instant thought of Piper Cherry in the Teacher's lounge. "I can relate."
Heading inside the school from the back entrance, the shop class being in a separated building just off the school to avoid any noise disruption during drilling or sawing wood, torque wrenches on occasion. Agitated by the info he had just heard Angus headed for the halls as the bell rang.
Overrun in minutes by students moving about he ran into Robin and her fellow cheerleader the Nubian goddess Octavia. Not really wanting to talk to them at the moment he avoided them until they had moved on. The only thing he heard them say was Octavia mentioning new uniforms on Friday, and Robin bitching about Tina skipping class. Not even seeing Piper Cherry prowling the halls could draw his attention to her, even her whole back exposed down to her ass crack could lure him in. Okay, he had to wince, it was impossible not to. "Daaamn!" Regardless he didn't move in on her.
He searched high and low for Dakota finally spotting her getting a drink from a water fountain. A pair of boys stood behind her acting as if they were dry humping her without her knowing in her slumped over posture. As a third boy noticed Angus watching he warned his friends and they took off running the other direction. Angus was feared unless you were one of his posse. Dakota satisfying her thirst walked away toward her locker. Uncertain suddenly if he should even talk to her, knowing it was possible she had heard he was at the Herbert home last night, he faltered and got a drink himself.
Hearing raised voices in Dakota's direction he looked up to find some of the boys who had harassed her earlier surrounding her opened locker. Teasing her about her panties she just shrugged it off as he heard, "Keep them I don't need them anymore." Say what?
Confused by her reaction he chose to lay back and just watch. Seeing her turn around with her back to the lockers and her cleavage clear down to her belly button Angus huffed, "Oh fuck!" After seeing her tits yesterday and trying to play the gentleman by not even acknowledging he had, it was on his mind every second. Even when with Robin. He still hadn't even spoken with Robin about her concocted plan to share Dakota with him. Did he even really want that? The more he thought about Dakota the more he just wasn't sure what he wanted. Evil still existed in him, but there was an Angel tapping his left shoulder. Those darn feathers were annoying, ticklish even.
"Can I get into my locker?" A girl's voice accompanied a light tap on his shoulder. Turning to see who it was he found Sable McKellen. Angel indeed.
"Sorry!"
"Why are you way over here when my sister is over there?"
"What? Oh, just chilling between classes. I heard about what Corey did earlier."
"He sucks. I don't know why I thought I liked him."
"You liked Samson?"
"I did. Not so much now. Not after what he did to Travis and then Dakota earlier. It looks like I might need to go rescue her again. Tawny and I jumped in when she fell out of her dress. She really needs to stop being crazy and button up."
"Maybe you should too." He dared to look at her own exposed cleavage. Knowing they were twins Angus had to shake off picturing Dakota's tits, Sable's were twins even in that aspect. Only she wore a bra at least.
"Stop looking at me like that." She blushed, "I thought you liked Dakota. She said Robin told her you and she broke up. Are you going to ask my sister out again?"
"Awful nosey Sable." He smirked, "I need to get over a few things before I do. I don't want to ruin things with Dakota if we do date."
"Like getting over Robin?"
"That too. How's Travis?"
"Better I think. I just wish that stupid video would get deleted."
"Yeah, no offense that was pretty funny."
"Was it? What if that had been Dakota instead of me? We do look alike and nobody actually saw my face."
"I...never thought of that. Damn! At least Travis had his face covered so technically neither of you had your faces in the video."
"Wow! That's true. Oh my gosh! Thank you Angus." She hugged him quickly then blushed, "Sorry." Beet red she grabbed her book, slammed her locker and dodged a bullet. He had to sigh, she smelled really good.
"Shit! Dakota..." Turning back to reality Angus found the boys trying to coax her into showing them her tits again. Even more boys had congested around her. She looked as if she were overwhelmed until..."Is she laughing? Oh, fuck! I think she's going to flash them."
Noting Robin at her own locker between he and Dakota he knew he was going to have to just walk by her to save Dakota if need be. Taking a deep breath he just went for it. Storming past Robin she caught a peripheral of him and expected him to stop but he kept on going. Dropping her jaw she watched him push his way in through the gauntlet of boys to face Dakota.
"Angus!" Dakota bulged her eyes as she toyed with both sides of her cleavage as if preparing to share her chest to the world. Suddenly, her hands closed her dress and held it tight. "Hi."
"Hey Beautiful." He tried to alter his demeanor from worry to bravado.
"What are you doing? I...Robin told me..." She peered up into his eyes with an innocent sparkle. Stunned by her allure he lost all sense and just kissed her, pinning her against the locker with his weight. Her arms surrounded his torso creeping higher up his back the longer they kissed. She was in instant Heaven even as the boys around them watched, impressed by the boldness of Angus. The kiss was becoming sweltering to watch.
Robin closing up her locker stepped amongst the boys and stood there grinning, using another boy to lean an elbow on his shoulder. With Robin there none of them wanted to leave even with a bell near ready to siren. Kissing led Angus into leaving Dakota's mouth and roaming his warm lips along her neck, she couldn't open her eyes it felt so good. She had never in her life been kissed so passionately. Technically this was her first kiss. Unless she counted, "Daddy." Luckily she spoke that word in her thoughts. Suddenly, her Father's image filled her brain, the kissing envisioned to be Henry McKellen. Moans erupted without humiliation. Under his control Daddy was taking her soul.
"Don't stop." Angus heard. His own thoughts lost in this beautiful young girl led his kisses lower over her right shoulder, nudging her dress aside until it dangled over Dakota's bicep. Not even hearing guys mumble, "Woah!" could break their trance. Robin was puckering at her man's passion. Even she hadn't got that much out of Angus in months. Interesting!
From her shoulder Angus returned to her neck for more swaths of not only his lips but now his tongue, leading up to Dakota's chin, her head tilting back to accept him. Her hands relocated, one to his arm, the other his scalp, drawing him in for more. No way was anyone going to stop Angus Furlong. At the moment they actually feared anyone who might disrupt either he or Dakota. Even Robin resisted the urge. She was curious to see just how far her man would go.
Off to Dakota's left shoulder now her dress was gently guided from her by his cheek moving with a chain of kisses. Her cleavage spread wide her breasts were nearly out of her dress again. Maybe without Dakota herself flashing the boys they might still get another good look. Angus was the man. Robin's man. Wasn't he?
Wincing at his actions she stood her ground but remained quiet. There they were...Dakota's breasts fell out for all to see, Angus moving back to her neck as he took Dakota's hands from his scalp and arm. Taking her arms to her side he turned his attention back on her throat. Whimpers spoken, "Ohhh Angus." Daddy was gone for the moment.
From her drenched throat, shiny of saliva trails, Angus worked his way down over her chest. Suddenly, the "Woah's" were thoughts instead of vocal. Edgy at a bell ready to ring it was just a matter of would Angus Furlong get to where they all hoped he would?
Hovering his lips over her left breast her nipple begged to be kissed, stabbing high and trembling. Angus just went for it, mouth wide he devoured her nipple and everyone heard Dakota gasp and squeal, "Yessss!" Eyes remaining tightly sealed to just enjoy the first time thrill Dakota let him feast. "Ohhh, Daddy." Angus heard her that time. He was honored.
Robin moving forward now stood at his side looking at him. Sensing her he reached out and carefully clutched her by her dress and drew Robin in. Instinct took over and Robin buckled at the knee slightly then also went for it. Her lips circling Dakota's right nipple Dakota now felt both breasts being enjoyed. Eyes ripping wide once processed she presumed two boys. Finding Robin made her nearly pee. Panic rising at seeing the audience she cringed almost ready to cry.
"S-stop! Please stop."
Bell sounding Angus and Robin lifted away from Dakota both tugging her nipples between their teeth before kissing them and letting go. Dakota rolled her eyes back at the sensations. Shivering she observed them move up and both kiss Dakota on her neck before standing away smiling.
"Why?" Dakota pouted and watched them pull her dress back into place. "I thought...you liked me." Pressing his forehead against hers he sighed, "I do." Robin made one last effort kissing Dakota on the cheek, then up to kiss Angus the same way. Once embraced they stepped away from a very confused Dakota who grabbed her book bag and bolted between them. She never looked back.
"That went well." Robin giggled.
As the gathering dispersed Angus added, "Yeah, it did didn't it?"
"I think she liked it."
"Me at least." He slipped his hand under Robin's short skirt and pinched her on the butt laughing. "You ask Tina about that threesome?"
"Heeee's baaaaack." She tweaked his nose. "Nope! Bitch disappeared. Must have went home sick or something. She's not even answering my texts."
"Aw well. Better get to class."
They really did break up...for the moment.
********
BING BONG! BING BONG!
Mace Belmont stepped out of the shower and heard the doorbell ringing. Snatching up a towel he wrapped it around his waist and ran through the house, his Aunt's dog Rotten woofing at his heels. He had been barking at the door as it was. Reaching the front door Mace looked through the peep hole and didn't see anyone. Prepared to shrug off the interruption he turned, pushing Rotten away. He was sniffing at the base of the door whining.
"I'm not taking you out again. I did that just before my shower." A loud thump on the bottom of the door he winced. "What the heck?" Dragging Rotten back by his collar he unlocked the door and opened it partially. Looking down he found a package. One that spoke.
"The welcome mat does say COME ON IN."
"Holy fuck!"
Laying on the front landing with her legs tangled behind her head, a very nude Tina Wiles smiled up at him, her fingers prying her pink pussy as wide as it could go.
"Fuck me Mace."
Towel? What towel? Oh, the one that Rotten was hoping to play tug of war with. Mace Belmont had his own tug of war in mind.
Sorry Boy!