After that first time (or times, plural) with Mark, I somehow felt even more insatiable. We continued with sexting and phone sex mostly, out of necessity. But then, Mark started coming by my apartment on his way to and/or from work on days when I was home and had the place to myself, telling his wife he had to go in early or stay late. Sometimes I would end up running late to class or scrambling to switch a shift at work at the last minute, in order to make the timing work. I knew logically that what I was doing was irresponsible, not to mention cruel considering his family, but I couldn't seem to help myself.
One night, Mark offered to pick me up from work at the gym on campus after a late lifeguarding shift. I wondered what excuse he'd given his wife, for why he had to run out so late. Maybe they needed more diapers or coffee or something. I didn't let myself think about it too much, though.
After my shift that night, I walked out of the gym through the revolving door and quickly spotted Mark's car, double-parked right in front, with the flashers on. I smiled and walked over, letting myself in on the passenger side.
"Hi," I said, leaning over the console right away to kiss him.
"Hey there," Mark chuckled against my lips. He pulled back, still looking at the building, checking out the atrium through the enormous windows. "Looks like a nice gym."
"Yeah, it is nice," I agreed, not looking back. I tried again to keep his attention, putting my hand on his chest and tugging him closer by his shirt.
Mark finally gave in, looking back at me and smiling, kissing me and cupping my cheek before sliding his hand over my neck, under my hair. I moaned softly, my hand sliding down and around his waist to his back.
"I've been wanting you a lot today," I whispered against his lips.
"Oh, yeah?" he asked before kissing me again, sucking on my bottom lip.
"Mm hmm," I moaned, digging my fingers into his back as I felt his teeth scraping my lip, his hand squeezing the back of my neck.
"What have you been thinking about?"
"I was thinking a lot about your hands. And your mouth. Just for starters."
Mark moaned, his hand dropping to my thigh and sliding up under my shorts, squeezing my ass right away. His lips slid to my neck, kissing, sucking, and scraping his teeth over the skin along my jaw and below my ear.
"Fuck," I gasped, bringing my hand to the front of his shorts, feeling his bulge and rubbing it. "I want you so much."
Mark stiffened when he felt my hand there, growling against my neck.
Then we got distracted by some sudden motion right in front of the car. I looked up to see a guy leaving the gym, cutting across the street right in front of Mark's car. He didn't seem to have noticed us, but it was a reminder that we were in a very public spot.
I smiled and laughed a little. "Should we go back to my apartment? We might beat Molly home."
Mark smiled back, but it faded quickly. "I don't have a lot of time tonight."
I knew what he was leaving unsaid: he had to get back to his family before too long. The reminder of the lies he must've told his wife on his way out to meet me brought back the guilty feelings I'd been trying to ignore. I quickly pushed them away again.
"Okay," I answered, hoping it sounded casual. "Well, there'll probably be fewer people walking around if we park outside my building. If you have a little time left when you drop me off..."
"Yeah, I think I can swing that," he smirked, his hand still resting on my thigh, rubbing.
During the drive, I continued to tease Mark by rubbing him through his shorts, then sliding my hand into mine to rub my pussy when he started getting too distracted to drive. By the time he pulled onto my street and double-parked in front of my building, I'd successfully driven him crazy enough to grab me, dragging me closer with a hand on my inner thigh, demanding for me to take my shorts off. He fingered me and rubbed my clit until I came, then we got in the back and I straddled him, riding his cock until we both came again.
We came down slowly; kissing, touching, and squeezing more tenderly.
"That felt so good," Mark said, still rubbing my thighs and ass. "I love cumming inside of you."
I smiled down at him. "Me too."
Then, as I kissed him again, Mark held me back gently rather than deepening it. "I should probably go."
And there it was again: the reminder that we were just sneaking around, and he had to get back to his family. I fought to keep my reaction hidden, forcing a smile as I lifted off of him slowly. "Yeah, okay..."
As I lifted off of Mark's cock, we both felt his cum dripping and fumbled to catch it before it made a stain on his car seat.
"Shit!" Mark cursed.
I just laughed, holding the drips that landed on my fingers, looking around for any we might have missed. "I think we caught it all."
"Always such a mess when I'm with you," Mark smirked, his own fingers covered in cum, too.
I smiled and felt myself blushing when he said that, happy to hear him attributing his big reaction to me. Wanting to reinforce that thought, I reached for his wrist, bringing his fingers to my mouth and cleaning them off.
"Mmm," Mark sighed, watching me lick the cum from his fingers, then my own. "You're so sexy. I wish I had more time to stay. You're making me hard again doing that."
"I wish you could, too," I answered, honestly. "It's ok, though. There's always next time."
"I want you to go upstairs and make yourself cum again in the shower. And then you'll cum again when you get to bed."
I smiled, happy to get more directions. "Will you cum again too, when you get home?"
"Yes. I want you to text me when you cum the first time in the shower. That should happen by the time I get home, so you have about fifteen minutes. Then I want you to get in bed naked. I'm going to make you cum again there, while I'm stroking my cock for you at home."
My smile widened as I readjusted my swimsuit and pulled my shirt back on. "Okay," I agreed easily.
Mark pulled his shorts and underwear back up, tucking his still semi-hard cock inside. "I'll get your shorts," he offered, getting out of the back seat first and walking around to the passenger side. He opened the front door first and picked up my shorts from the floor, handing them back to me.
"Thanks," I laughed, slipping them back on before climbing out of the car to join him on the sidewalk.
Mark retrieved my flip-flops too, setting them out on the sidewalk for me before reaching back in for my backpack.
"Such service," I joked.
"I do what I can," he said, winking at me.
I laughed back, taking the backpack from him and thanking him.
Mark looked around the street before leaning in and kissing me again. I struggled not to moan into him, my hand coming to his chest again, holding his shirt gently.
"Remember, fifteen minutes," he said when he pulled back, looking at his watch. "And text me to let me know when."
"Yes, sir," I joked.
We both smiled as he gave my ass a final smack. "Good girl."
"Get home safe," I said, walking towards the building entrance as Mark walked back around the car to go. I got my keys out and unlocked the door. He waited to make sure I was in, and we waved goodbye as he pulled away.
***
As I let myself into the apartment, already thinking ahead to my next orgasm, I was surprised to find the lights on and the sound of dishes clanking in the kitchen. I followed the noise to find Molly cleaning up.
"Hey, how was your day?" I asked casually, mentally preparing myself to keep the conversation short, wanting to meet Mark's time requirement.
Molly stopped what she was doing and turned to face me, giving me a pointed look. "My day was fine. How was yours?"
Shit. I could tell from Molly's tone that she must know something. Had she seen something? I didn't want to give in too easily, just in case I was wrong, so I attempted a casual response. "It was okay... just classes and work, nothing exciting."
Molly's eyes widened a bit as she looked at me, nodding slowly. "Nothing exciting?" she repeated.
I just shrugged and shook my head. "Not really."
"So having sex with a married guy in an illegally parked car right outside our building is just a casual Wednesday for you now?"
Busted. I felt my face turning red, realizing that Molly had apparently walked past the car without us noticing. I wondered how many others could've seen us, too... the thought started to excite me, but I forced myself to focus on Molly and pushed the exhibitionist fantasy out of my mind for the time being.
"I'm sorry you saw that." I replied, not knowing what else to say.
"Sorry I saw it? Or sorry it happened? Again?"
I shrugged. "I don't know."
Molly just stared back at me for a few moments and I could feel her putting together her argument. "It's not a good idea, Sam," she started. "I don't get it. What is it about this guy that makes it feel worth it to sneak around and risk fucking things up for his family?"
My blush intensified as I thought about the answer to Molly's question. All the things I could say that would likely shock her about how things with Mark felt so exciting and turned me on in ways I never imagined. I attempted a lighter version of the truth: "I know it's wrong," I admitted. "I don't know why I'm doing it, I just... There is something about him. It feels like I can't help it, whenever he calls or texts, or offers to come by-"
"So he's been coming by, then?"
I sighed, knowing there was no use in trying to hide it anymore. "Yes. For the past couple of weeks. On Saturdays mostly, while you're at the bar. And sometimes on his way to or from work during the week."
Molly shook her head again. "I know I can't tell you what to do, and I'm sorry you felt like you had to hide this from me. I'm not trying to judge you. I really just don't want to see you get hurt. And it's not like you to hurt anyone else, either."
"Yeah, I know," I answered, feeling the guilt building up fast.
Molly seemed like she was waiting for me to say something else, but I didn't, so she gave in again. "You have to know that it's going to end badly for you, right? One way or another."
I knew Molly was right, and that I might look back at this conversation and regret not taking her more seriously. But I also already knew what choice I was going to make. As much as I could consider it a choice, anyway.
***
I checked my phone as soon as I got to my room, still feeling tense after Molly's confrontation. There was a message from Mark waiting for me.
Mark: I'm almost home. How's that orgasm coming? Getting close?
I sighed and typed out my reply.
Sam: I might need a few extra minutes... Molly saw us
His three dots started moving almost as soon as my message was sent.
Mark: Oh
Mark: Everything okay?
Sam: She tried warning me again to stop seeing you
This time, the three dots started and stopped a few times.
Mark: Think she's right?
Sam: I don't know... maybe
Mark: Is that what you want, then?
Sam: No
Sam: lol
Mark: lol
Mark: That's good
Mark: That's not what I want either
Sam: I figured ;)
Mark: What are you doing now?
Sam: Just got to my room
Sam: Haven't showered yet
Mark: I just got home, inside
Sam: Everyone asleep?
Mark: Yeah, I think so
Mark: What's the name of your gym?
Sam: Why? lol
Mark: I think I found it
Mark: We've been talking about signing the kids up for swim lessons... Don't suppose you have any openings? ;)
I couldn't help smiling widely when I saw that message, instantly excited by the thought of Mark bringing his kids to my gym, signing up for my lessons. All of those built in opportunities for us to sneak off and fool around before or after the lessons. Surely his wife would come along, too. But somehow, even that part felt exciting. I imagined Mark and I sharing secret looks, smiles, winks here and there. But I wasn't sure I'd be able to act casual in that sort of situation. I knew it would be really risky, that his wife could easily pick up on something there.
Sam: hahaha
Sam: I might have an opening for you :P
Sam: Not sure that's a great idea though...
Mark: Probably not ;)
Sam: lol
Mark: Maybe I'll sign up for a membership, too
Despite my concerns, which were weighing a little heavier following the talk with Molly, I was happy that Mark seemed to be set on the idea. Still, I felt like I needed to make sure he was considering the risks of what he was proposing. I aimed to toe the line between caution and excitement, not wanting to turn him off the idea completely.
Sam: There have to be plenty of gyms closer to home for you...
Mark: Yeah
Mark: But I could say someone at work recommended the place
Mark: It's on the way :)
Sam: True...
Sam: :)
Sam: Won't that be awkward if your wife comes for the lessons?
Sam: I'm not sure I'll be able to act casual enough lol
Mark: It could be fun, having our little secret
Mark: Even if you're not able to act casual, she'll probably just think you have a crush on a hot dad ;)
Sam: haha
Sam: Maybe...
Mark: Maybe you can give me a tour next weekend after our first lesson
Fuck. It seemed like his mind was made up, for better or worse. I smiled, getting turned on by the thought of finding a place to sneak off with Mark at the gym, while his wife waited for him, thinking he was on a tour. I knew it would be dangerous for me, too. I could probably lose my job if I got caught hooking up with a dad from swim lessons. But the danger of the situation definitely made it feel that much more exciting.
Sam: Maybe :)
I hoped I could buy myself some time to think things through by not fully committing to the plan. But he'd planted the idea in my mind, and I could feel my body reacting already.
Mark: Thinking about where we might find some privacy?
Mark: Maybe the pool office where you made yourself cum before?
Sam: Probably not during lessons. There'll be a lot of people in and out
Mark: Another office, then? Or maybe a storage closet? ;)
I laughed out loud a little when I saw that message, knowing he was remembering the first time we'd hooked up, in a closet at Sluggers, a bar in Wrigleyville where we happened to run into each other on a night out. That memory caused another tingle between my legs.
Sam: I suppose there are a few options...
Mark: Thinking about it now?
Sam: Yes
Mark: Still wet and throbbing?
Sam: yeah :)
Mark: So hot
Mark: I still want you to make yourself cum in the shower
Mark: Use the shampoo bottle again, imagining it's my cock
Sam: Mmm ok :)
Mark: Good girl
Mark: You're such a good slut for me
Fuck. I wasn't sure I'd ever get used to seeing or hearing Mark say things like that. It was such an unexpected turn on, but I couldn't deny how much I liked it. The proof was in the instant throbbing sensation his words caused in my pussy.
I made myself cum again in the shower as instructed, thinking about Mark and imagining him using the shampoo bottle on me, before replacing it with his cock. Then I came again when I got in bed, waiting for his call. I thought about Mark and his family showing up for swim lessons on the weekend, and sneaking away afterwards to give him a "tour." I could feel the thrill from the riskiness of it, and that feeling was already outweighing any guilt or trepidation.
***
Mark signed up for a spot in my last group swim lesson class on Saturday mornings. All morning leading up to that class, I kept wavering between excitement and nervousness. When the time came, I felt butterflies in the pit of my stomach as I kept glancing over towards the locker room doors. Each time the door opened, and I saw a familiar family, I smiled warmly and greeted them, feeling the anticipation build.
When Mark and his family finally came out onto the deck, my eyes landed on him right away. I felt a blush rising in my cheeks as I watched him scanning the pool area until he found me, smiling. I smiled back, my blush deepening as I watched his eyes roaming lower, checking me out in my swimsuit. I had to look away then, biting my lip and busying myself with organizing the pool equipment for the next class, then talking to another lifeguard for a moment while I mentally prepared for the interaction. Finally, I took a deep breath and went up to Mark and his family to introduce myself before the class started, as I normally would for any new members, determined to act casual.
"Hi! You guys must be the Smiths?"
"We are!" Mark's wife replied sweetly. "You must be Samantha?"
"I am. Welcome to swim lessons! Is this everyone's first time?" I asked, gesturing towards the kids they were each holding.
"I've had lessons before," Mark joked.
His wife smiled, but rolled her eyes a little.
I laughed a little more than I should have, or normally would have, my nerves showing. I tried to recover by asking more questions about the kids and then rambling on a bit about the logistics of the lessons, knowing that I was probably making things worse, but unable to stop myself.
Finally, I was interrupted as my co-instructor spoke up to the group of kids and parents, starting the lesson.
I was mindful of not paying too much extra attention to Mark's family during the class. Mainly I didn't trust myself not to keep making things awkward. I thought about what Mark had said before, that he might be able to excuse my weirdness by suggesting to his wife that I was just a silly college girl with a crush. Maybe that wasn't so far from the truth. Still, I felt like it would be better if I kept my distance as much as possible.
But Mark wasn't helping. I caught him staring at me (mainly at my boobs) nearly every time I allowed myself to look in his direction. I tried giving him a pointed look to get him to stop, but even that felt risky.
After the lesson, the other instructor and I put the equipment away at the end of the deck. I felt Mark's eyes on me again, looking over as he and his wife got their kids dried off. I wondered if he would still try to go through with his plan to ask me for a tour, hoping that he would.
Once everything was cleaned up and put away, I made my way back to the pool office, drying off and pulling on shorts and a t-shirt over my suit. I noticed Mark and his wife waiting around and talking after most of the other families had left the pool area. I figured he was still trying to make the plan work, so I stopped by to chat with them a little on my way out, hoping to open up an opportunity for him to ask about the tour.
"How was the first lesson?" I asked as I approached them, standing near the locker room doors.
"I thought it was great so far, thanks," Mark said, winking.
I smiled, making a point of looking at both of them as I answered. "Good, I'm glad you enjoyed it!"
"The rest of the gym seems really nice, too. I might be interested in a membership. Do you think you might show me around a little?"
Before I could answer, Mark's wife chimed in. "Stop pestering the poor girl! I told you, just ask at the front desk. I'm sure someone out there could give you a tour."
"It's fine," I said, not sure where my boldness was coming from. "That was my last lesson for the day, so I have some time."
"Great," Mark grinned. Then he turned back to his wife. "Do you want to get the kids ready and wait for me at the cafe?"
The wife looked and sounded unsure as she agreed to Mark's plan, but she didn't object.
I knew we were being too obvious about everything, and we should try harder not to act suspicious. But I also felt overcome with the need to get Mark alone as quickly as possible.
I'd already devised a plan for where I would take him, if things worked out. So as soon as the wife took the kids into the family locker room, I led him down the hall and out into the atrium.
I felt Mark's hand on the small of my back as we navigated through the crowded area.
"So hot seeing you in swim instructor mode," Mark said in a low voice, leaning in close.
I smiled, blushing and leaning into his light, discreet touch. Then I spoke up in a louder voice, playing along with the tour guide role. "So this is the atrium. As you can see, there's the cafe over here, and some games by the windows: shuffleboard and ping-pong and things like that. You can check out the equipment at the front desk if you ever want to play. Then over on the right there are the racquetball courts. You can make a reservation online for those, or just ask at the front desk..."
I glanced back at Mark and noticed a smirk. But he played along, asking some follow-up questions and following me across the lobby, then up the open staircase to the second floor, to the main workout area.
I felt the tension building as I showed Mark around the different areas of the gym, knowing he was looking around and evaluating different spots, looking for one that would work for us to sneak off and hook up.
Finally, when we reached the fourth floor, which was a running track that overlooked the basketball courts on the floor below, I looked around to verify that the coast was clear before taking Mark's hand and leading him around a corner to a small alcove by the elevator.
"What's back here?" he asked with a smirk.
"A hiding spot with a view," I answered, gesturing out the windows to the city view.
I watched Mark admiring the scenery and looked around to check that the coast was clear once more before sliding to my knees, wanting to be ready when he turned back around.
Mark smiled when he turned back and saw me like that, his eyes trailing down my body as he stepped closer. "Naughty swim instructor," he teased, reaching to cup my face as he stood in front of me, his thumb brushing over my cheek.
I smiled and reached up to rub him through his swim trunks. "I think that's why you picked me."
"Mm hmm," Mark moaned as he watched, his hand sliding back into my hair, behind my neck.
I felt his cock growing through the trunks as I cupped my fingers around him and stroked, rubbing my thumb over his head. "I want you," I said simply, looking up at him, into his eyes.
Mark closed his eyes, his hands coming back around to cup my face, thumbs brushing my cheeks. "I want you, too. I want to feel your mouth on my cock."
"While your wife waits, down in the lobby," I added, tugging at the drawstring to his trunks and reaching inside, pulling his cock out, fully hard and leaking pre-cum already.
Mark groaned, both hands combing into my hair and tugging.
He tensed up as my hand wrapped around him, a growl vibrating through him. I leaned in right away, licking and wrapping my lips around the head of his cock, tasting his pre-cum and moaning. I kept stroking and sucking, sliding my mouth further onto his cock, knowing we had to be quick.
"Fuck, that feels so good," Mark moaned.
His hands guided my head, controlling the pace of my mouth on his cock. I felt him using his grip on my hair to slide me back and forth, and then his hips were thrusting, too. I reached up to play with his balls as the head of his cock pressed down my throat. Instead of letting up when I gagged, he pressed my head down harder and pressed his hips into me further, groaning.
Then Mark stepped back suddenly, reaching down and pulling me back to my feet. He kissed me and backed me up against the wall, pushing my t-shirt up and squeezing my breasts through my suit right away. I helped to pull them out, and he dropped his mouth to them immediately, squeezing and rolling his tongue around each nipple.
Then he pulled back and flipped me around, reaching around to untie my shorts and slipping his hand inside, rubbing through my suit. He took a step back and pulled my hips with him, grinding his cock against my ass as he pushed down on my back so that I was leaning forward, bracing myself with hands against the wall.
"I want to cum inside you," he said, pushing my shorts down and dragging my suit to the side, exposing my pussy.
"Fuck," I moaned, bracing myself to feel him thrusting into me. I turned around to watch as he stroked his cock, slapped it against my ass, then rubbed the head along my slit.
"I've been thinking about you so much the past few days," I breathed. "Since you came over the other day before work. It's so hot that you came here and signed up for my swim lessons. And that you'll have a membership now, to come by all the time." I felt the grin spreading over my face as Mark pressed the head of his cock against my opening.
"I've been thinking about you, too," he answered, pushing into me slowly. "I've been wanting to slide my cock into this wet pussy again."
I pressed my hips back into him, wanting to feel more of him inside of me, moaning and bringing one hand down to rub my clit.
Mark growled and pressed in further until he was filling me, his hips against my ass. "I love making you cum every night in your apartment," he added, sliding back out slowly, then thrusting in hard again. "Texting you, calling you, making you touch yourself."
"Fuck.." I moaned, rubbing my clit faster as Mark continued thrusting.
"But I want to feel you more."
"I want more, too. More of your cock inside me like this..."
"I love knowing how you never close your blinds, so anyone in the buildings nearby could see in through your window."
"Oh god," I moaned, feeling close already.
"Cum for me, Sam," he ordered, pushing deep inside of me and thrusting fast. "Fucking naughty swim instructor."
"Yesss," I moaned, rubbing faster and harder on my clit. "I love being your naughty swim instructor. I love feeling you fuck me at work, while your wife is right downstairs waiting."
"I know you do. Thinking about her sitting there waiting with the kids while I'm here fucking you. So hot... I love how you always respond to my texts and calls. And I can't wait to meet you here more often. Coming to work out while you work, then fucking you after your shift, before I bring you home."
That was all it took for me. "Oh god, I'm gonna cum!" I barely got out the words before I felt myself clenching hard around Mark's cock, my thighs shaking, my whole body tensed and writhing.
"Fuck, I'm cumming!" Mark yelled suddenly, as I felt the first stream of his cum shooting into me. He grunted and pressed his cock deeper into me as he drained everything inside me.
We both continued moaning lightly, breathing hard as we came down. When I felt him pull back, slipping his cock out of me, I pulled my swimsuit back over my pussy to catch his cum before it dripped out.
"Naughty girl," Mark smiled as he watched.
I laughed a little, standing back up as we both started readjusting our clothes.
"So, did the tour sell you on the membership, then?" I teased, leading him back out to the track, then down the stairs.
"Oh yeah, I'm loving the perks so far," he joked back, giving my ass another quick slap as we reached the landing on the way down to the third floor.
We made our way back down to the atrium, where Mark's wife was still waiting at the cafe with their kids. The nerves came back again, and I felt self-conscious that there might be something she'd notice to tip her off about what I'd just done with her husband. Did we look more disheveled than before? Could she smell the sex? Did one of us have a stain on our clothes somewhere that we missed? But then there was the excitement of feeling Mark's cum still draining out of me, pooling in the crotch of my swimsuit and into my shorts, making me feel sticky. Her husband's cum between my legs. It was so wrong that it felt thrilling.
We made small talk as they got ready to leave. She thanked me again for the lesson, and I told them I'd see them next weekend. As they made their way out, I went behind the front desk to check out from my shift. I kept watching, waiting for a last look from Mark. Sure enough, he looked back one last time and smiled as he held the door for his wife, winking at me over her head. I blushed and gave a little wave as I watched them go.
***
A few days later, Mark came to take advantage of his new membership during my closing shift. He stopped by the pool to say hi and turn me on before heading up to the second floor to work out.
"I'm going to fuck you when your shift is over," he said plainly, his eyes trailing down to my chest, watching as my nipples started poking through my suit and t-shirt.
"I want that," I assured him, breathing harder instantly.
"Think about where," he ordered. "And touch yourself a little through your suit, while you sit in the chair. I want you swollen and throbbing by the time my cock slides into that fucking wet pussy."
"Fuck," I muttered, biting my lip and smiling as I looked around, monitoring the swimmers.
"Naughty lifeguard," Mark said with a smirk as he turned to go.
"Have a good workout. Try not to pitch a tent in your shorts before I can do anything about it."
"I'll try," he winked, heading back out through the locker room.
***
I started cleaning up and shutting things down in the pool early that night, while there were still a couple of swimmers finishing their laps. I'd followed Mark's directions and rubbed my pussy discreetly here and there during my shift, thinking about him and working myself up, getting so excited to feel him that the time seemed to crawl.
A couple minutes before the pool closed, Mark came back, smiling and watching as I put away some equipment across the deck. I smiled back and signaled for him to wait a minute. He nodded and took a seat on a bench casually, taking his phone while he waited.
When I finished cleaning, I made my way back over to him.
"Time to kick them out," he suggested, nodding towards the last couple of swimmers.
I looked at the clock. Just a minute left before closing. "They're usually pretty good about stopping on their own. Not a minute too soon, though."
"No shit," Mark scoffed. "Is everything else cleaned up and done? Just waiting for them?"
"Yeah, everything else should be good," I smiled.
"Good. Did you get yourself ready for me?"
I laughed a little. "Yeah, I'd say I'm very ready now."
Mark smiled back. "Good girl."
Sure enough, the last swimmers finished up then, gathering their things and making their way to the locker rooms. I followed, using my key to lock the pool entrances. Then I made my way over to the lifeguard office to get my backpack, planning on sneaking Mark into one of the full-time staff offices, which would be empty at this hour. He seemed to have other plans, though.
I picked up my backpack from the desk chair in the small, enclosed lifeguard office and turned back to walk out. But before I could, Mark came in and closed the door behind himself, looking at me intently. My chest started heaving as I watched him close the blinds on the windows. I let my backpack drop to the floor as I watched him move closer.
Mark pulled me in and kissed me before I had a chance to say anything. My hands came to his chest as he walked me back a couple steps, moving me to the desk and gripping under my ass to sit me up on it, stepping between my legs to stand right in front of me. I moaned into the kiss and wrapped my legs around him, sliding my hands under his shirt, up his stomach and chest, around his sides to his back, pulling him in closer.
Mark's hands slid up my back and behind my head. He grabbed a handful of my hair and pulled my head back, exposing my neck.
I gasped and moaned as I felt his lips sliding along my jawline to my neck, kissing from one side to the other, over my collarbone and throat, still holding my head back with his grip on my hair.
"Fuck," I sighed, my fingertips digging into Mark's skin as his teeth grazed over my neck. My hands slid to the front of his gym shorts, wrapping one hand around his hard shaft as it tented the fabric, while the other frantically tugged at the drawstring. I was briefly interrupted as he pulled my t-shirt up over my head. I lifted my arms to allow him to get it off before pushing his up and off, too. Then, I reached right into his shorts and underwear, pulling his cock out and stroking.
Mark's hands slid down the line of my suit, brushing over my cleavage before pulling the straps aside, over my shoulders, to the sides of my arms as he kissed down my neck.
I slipped my arms out of the straps and felt Mark's hands take over again, pulling the suit down to expose my breasts, then grabbing them both at once, cupping and squeezing, lightly pinching my small, hard nipples.
I sighed and tightened my grip around Mark's cock as I kept stroking, feeling him tense up as my hand squeezed around him, a growl vibrating through him.
"Tell me what you want," Mark commanded, his mouth dropping to my breasts.
I sighed, combing my fingers through his hair, damp with sweat from his workout, while my other hand continued stroking his cock. "I want you to fuck me right here," I answered easily.
Mark's hands slid down to my thighs, moving up and around to my ass and squeezing, pulling me to the edge of the desk. He tugged my shorts off, dragging them down under my ass. His hand slid between my legs right away, finding wetness seeping through my suit. He pressed his fingers in, rubbing hard before pulling the suit aside.
My chest heaved, and I moaned as he touched me, rolling my thumb over the head of his cock and feeling his sticky pre-cum.
"Tell me to fuck you," Mark ordered.
"Oh god," I whimpered, stroking and trying to guide his cock closer.
But Mark resisted, repeating his instructions again. "Tell me."
"Please..." I breathed. "Please fuck me."
He moved closer, the head of his cock just shy of my pussy. I tried sliding my hips closer to him to close the distance, but he held me in place on the desk.
"Tell me you want to be my slut," Mark commanded.
The words came easily as I felt my pussy throbbing with need. "I want to be your slut. I need you to take me, Mark. I need you to fuck me so much. I'm gonna cum on your cock as soon as you're inside me. You always make me feel so fucking good."
Finally, he pressed in further. I felt my lips separating around the head of his cock as he slid into me slowly. He stopped when just the head was inside, knowing how close I was and smiling down at me as he teased me. I moaned and whimpered, my thighs squeezing around him.
"Please..." I tried again. "Fuck... I need to cum."
Mark's hand slid around to my ass, grabbing and squeezing. Then he pushed forward hard, filling me with his cock in one deep thrust.
"Oh, fuck!" I yelled, the sound filling the small office.
He kept thrusting into me deep and hard, faster and faster. I leaned back onto my elbows on the desk and felt Mark pull me right to the edge, his arms wrapping around my thighs as his thrusts went deeper.
"You like being a slut, don't you?" he asked, his eyes scanning over me, watching my tits bounce as he fucked me.
"Yess," I moaned, my face furrowing with need. "I love being your slut. You make me feel so fucking good."
"I want you to cum," he said, finally. "I want to feel that pussy cum on my cock. Clenching and squeezing."
"Fuck!" I yelped, my hand sliding down to my clit immediately, rubbing fast and hard right away.
"Cum for me, Sam."
"Yesssss," I yelled, my back arching. I felt the pleasure building up intensely, knowing I was going to cum hard, rubbing frantically to get there, needing the release. Then I felt it come over me suddenly, my whole body convulsing involuntarily as the waves of pleasure washed over me. My thighs squeezed together and quivered around Mark as he held them, my toes pointing, back arching up in several spasms. I heard myself yelling out, cursing, moaning.
I hadn't finished cumming when Mark pulled out of me, grabbing his cock and stroking himself hard until he was grunting and cumming in strong spurts. I felt his hot cum as it landed on my breasts and stomach, some making it to my neck. He squeezed the last of it out into my pussy, slipping the head of his cock inside of me again for a couple of last shallow thrusts.
I smiled up at him and laughed a little as I rested back on the desk, cursing again as I felt my pussy throbbing, still.
Mark's gaze burned into me as he stared at my chest, covered in his cum. He reached up to run his fingers through it, rubbing it around my chest and stomach, coating my skin. Then he brought his fingers up to my lips.
"Taste," he ordered.
"Fuck," I muttered, feeling his fingers slip through my parted lips.
Then he pressed his cock forward, thrusting all the way into me again.
I moaned and sucked harder on his fingers as I felt his cock push through my swollen lips. Then I gripped his wrist, pulling his hand back away so I could look down and watch him sliding into me. He pulled all the way out, then pressed in again, moving slowly and filling me completely each time.
With one final deep, hard thrust, Mark stepped back from between my legs, holding and stroking his cock loosely with his fingertips.
"Get on your knees, slut."
That command caused a shiver that started at my neck and ended in my pussy, causing it to clench yet again. I sat up on the desk and then slid off, moving down to my knees in front of him.
Mark's hand came to the top of my head, just above my forehead.
"Good girl. Now clean my cock," he commanded, stepping closer and pressing in to rub the head on my lips.
I sighed and opened my mouth, wrapping my lips around the tip of his cock and sucking gently, slowly. I slid my tongue all over and around his cock, tasting myself and his cum, reaching down to rub my pussy. As I began rubbing and fingering myself again, I felt Mark's cock twitch in my mouth.
"That's it. Finger yourself as I watch, Sam," he said, his hands dropping back to his sides. "I want to watch your cum covered body cum again."
I moaned on his cock, hearing his sexy, dirty words. Still so turned on as I continued to lick his cock. Then I reached up to wipe some of his cum from my chest, bringing it down to rub it onto my pussy, my clit, as I rubbed faster.
Mark moaned, smiling down at me. "Such a good, nasty slut for me," he said with a wink. "Let me hear how wet that pussy is. I love hearing how wet you get for me."
I gave his cock one last lick and then pulled back, smiling up at him and rubbing my fingers from side to side over my pussy, the sloshing sound easily audible in the small office.
"Keep going," Mark said, his eyes moving back and forth between my face and my pussy, watching my fingers rubbing, recognizing my signs as I got close to cumming again.
I watched as he started stroking his cock again, loosely at first, with just the fingertips. He was still semi-hard, getting harder as he watched me touching.
"That's so hot. I love making you cum, and watching you cum for me. I love making you my naughty little slut, Sam."
"Oh fuck," I moaned, getting closer as I listened to his words and watched him stroking his cock, seeing that he was already hard again for me.
"Tell me you're my slut."
"I am your slut. I love being your slut. I love the way you make me feel. How it feels to do what you say."
Mark groaned, gripping his cock a little tighter. "You're MY slut. I don't want you to be anybody else's slut."
Those words sent me over again. I knew I was just a fling for Mark, but hearing and feeling him get possessive over me turned me on so much. Those moments gave me hope that I might be affecting him almost as much as he was affecting me. I came hard again, rubbing over my clit frantically, moaning and writhing on my knees.
"Mmm, good girl," Mark moaned. "You made me so hard. So hot hearing how wet you are."
I sighed as I came down, my eyes reopening to watch him stroke, alternating between a light grip and a tighter one.
"Do you want more of my cum?"
I sighed, feeling another shiver of pleasure rush over me. "Yes."
"Tell me."
"I want more of your cum."
"Good. I want to fill your pussy this time. I want to feel how my dick slides right into you when you're so wet like this. Then squeezing around me."
"I want that, too," I breathed.
"Get back up on the desk," he ordered.
I got up quickly and sat back on the desk, leaning back with my ass right at the edge.
Mark stepped forward and slid all the way into me right away, thrusting fast and hard.
"Oh fuck," I yelped when I felt him. "God, that feels so good." I didn't hesitate to bring my hand to my clit, rubbing fast and hard as he fucked me. "Fuck, you're gonna make me cum again."
"Cum for me. I love making you cum, Sam. I love feeling you cum on my cock. Squeezing your pussy around me."
A string of involuntary moans and curses flowed from my mouth as I came again, this orgasm somehow surpassing the others in intensity as I clenched, squeezed, and writhed around him.
Mark didn't stop thrusting. I felt him squeeze and slap the side of my ass as he kept fucking me, hard and fast, driving me crazy with his words. More moans and curses punctuated each dirty phrase.
"Cum again," he ordered. "Don't stop. Cum with me."
"Fuck!"
"Cum again on my cock when I fill you up."
"Ohhh fuck!"
"I want to bring you home with my cum all over you. Filling you. Dripping out of you."
"Fuck! Holy shit!"
"I want you to still feel it tonight after you shower and get in bed to make yourself cum again for me."
"Oh, my god!"
"Be my slut and cum on my cock again, Sam."
"Fuck, I'm cumming!"
Once again, I was writhing and clenching on Mark's cock, my shaking thighs squeezing around him.
Then it was his turn again. "Oh god... oh my god... Cumming!" he grunted, breathing hard. "Fuck... Oh fuck... Mmm..."
I sighed and moaned, laying back on the desk, still squeezing my legs around him, a huge smile breaking over my face. "Fuck, that was crazy," I laughed, releasing the death grip my thighs had around Mark's waist.
Mark pulled back gradually and we both slowly got up to get dressed. I felt his cum drying on my chest as I pulled my suit back up over it, smiling as I felt it; as he watched.
Once we were ready to go, we parted ways at the locker rooms with matching grins. I went to the front desk to check out from my shift while Mark waited for me outside the gym. Then we walked to his car, and he drove me home. I couldn't stop smiling as we joked around and made comfortable small talk the whole way, his hand resting comfortably on my thigh, rubbing and squeezing now and then. Trouble or not, I knew I was way past the point of following Molly's advice to get out and end things now.