Camille touched up the dark purple lipstick, then moved her lips from pout to roll them together and ensure the material was evenly spread. Purple tipped fingernails ran through her dark hair, highlighted with streaks of white and lavender. Her violet eyes turned their attention to the dress, smoothing it out a bit upon her taut stomach. The black material made a lovely contrast with the lavender lace bra peeking out from the dip of material over her chest. The swells of her pale breasts filled out the satin material quite nicely and the dress itself only ran to about mid-thigh to show off toned legs leading into mid-calf black leather boots. “Not too bad if I do say so myself,” she proudly proclaimed before turning to the bathroom door and slipping out of it to re-enter the club.
The booming bass of the Cruxshadows filled the club, her head bobbed lightly to it as she made her way to the bar. She could feel the eyes following her and made sure to sway her hips just a bit more suggestively than usual. Leaning up against the stone counter, Camille waited till the tender made her way over then ordered a green fairie, absinthe diluted with water poured over a sugar cube. It was a favorite drink of hers though she did miss the days that it was made with wormwood as that had led to some particularly interesting adventures.
Thin fingers wrapped around the glass just before she turned around to push away from the bar and head towards the center of the club. She loved Goth clubs, they tended to revel in things that were natural to her like her pale skin and tendency towards dark clothing. Not that there wasn’t splashes of pastels that contrasted with the dark, colors that she would have never thought of in the age she’d been born. The people that made up the culture intrigued her, particularly their obsession with supernatural beings such as vampires and werewolves. That she could openly state what she was and not get a shocked or fearful reaction truly intrigued her and was one of the major draws to the culture.
Another tended to be the rather openness and acceptance of sex and for Camille that meant the difference between life and death. Sex was more than pleasure to her, it was life itself, as she needed the energy generated in order to sustain her own existence. Her kind had two options in order to slake their thirst, the aforementioned use of sexual energies or by the better known consumption of blood. For her, she greatly preferred to receive the energy through sex, though she had before taken blood when needed, survival was survival. Tonight, like most weekend nights, she was on the prowl for at least one hot-blooded partner.
The bottom of the dress swayed lightly as she began to move to the music, grateful for the resurgence of the use of the violin as it was one of her favorite instruments. Rogue had one of nicer voices, she thought, at least one that she would love to hear scream her name in bed. Considering he wasn’t there right now she just allowed herself to roll her hips as she made her way onto the dance floor, drink in one hand and eyes half lidded as she just felt the music roll through her. Being that it was early Friday night she could afford to take her time and just savor the fun of the early evening.
Out on the sparsely populated dance floor she flowed, eyes mostly closed as she kept herself hypnotized with the music. With her strength she had little fear of attack so Camille could afford to be a little careless even if she was by herself. Time on the dance floor before it got packed was a precious commodity, not to be wasted in the least bit. For one part it was fun, but for another it began to make an impression on the young folks around the club. Some would mark her as well on her way to being drunk and thus an easy target, some would be genuinely interested, and the rest would have a rush of hormones edging them towards arousal and lowering their own guard. Her dances were carefully practiced to maximize sensuality and the occasional flare of the dress to show off the lavender lace panties underneath.
Slowly she worked her way through the drink, taking her time so as to not have the leave the dance floor that quickly. Every time she looked up, Camille made a quick scan of the audience, watching it grow and watching the reactions she was getting. With a quick toss of her head, she finished off the drink and stepped off of the dance floor making a beeline straight for the bar. The dancing had given her a lovely sheen of sweat, making the light dance sparkle even more off the lightly glittered skin of her chest.
At the bar she finally had her first approach, a young man dressed in black jeans and an Avenged Sevenfold t-shirt. Inwardly she smiled, not necessarily what you expected in this sort of club but he could also be a guy who just appreciated how Goth girls dressed. She’d met plenty of those and generally liked them, at least for the little bit of time that she spent with them.
“Buy you a refill?” He asked politely enough.
Her purple lips slowly smiled, “sure. It’s a green fairie.” Lips grew a little more into the smile as she saw the shocked look on his face, most likely at the strength of the drink. To his credit though it didn’t stop him from getting the bartender and ordering her the refill.
Once the order was placed he turned his attention back to her, “I’m Steve.”
“Pleasure to meet you Steve, I’m Camille,” she slightly slurred her name on purpose and saw a little note of glee in his eyes. It gave her a little chill down her spine, even after all of these decades she still got a thrill when the hunt started in earnest. The feeling was almost as addictive as the stealing of energy. “Come here often?” she purred to him.
“First time, friend of mine suggested I check this place out. Kinda was curious about Goths, he claimed that I seemed to be taking a turn towards them and said this might be a good place to start. So yeah, here I am,” he offered a little nervous smile. “You?”
“Oh I’m a regular, like the atmosphere here,” when the drink arrived she leaned over and wrapped her fingers around it, bringing it up to take a sip. Over the rim of the glass she eyed him, watching him take a large gulp of his drink and smiling lightly to herself. ‘The game is afoot’ she told herself. “Care to join me on the dance floor?”
When he nodded lightly, she gently grabbed him by the forearm and guided him towards the dance floor, pulling him to an open spot along a side. She took the lead in the dance, betting he would be more comfortable with it, and knowing few men could resist having a woman grinding up against them. It was a favorite tactic of hers, easy to pull off, looked normal, and highly effective.
Using him like she would a pole, Camille pressed her backside against him and began to gently grind her entire back against the front of his body. Slowly she leaned herself forwards, placing more pressure with her rear against the bulge in his jeans, rubbing herself lightly against it. She could feel the stiff shaft through their clothes and maneuvered so that the crease of her rear was rubbing over it. Leaning forwards, she placed her hands on the floor and did her own imitation of twerking against him. Every few moments she would glance back to look at his face, then grin to herself and go back to enjoying the dance.
Careful to not work him up too much, she made sure to occasionally put some space between him and her. Up and down she bounced, losing herself into the music as much as she could without losing sight of her prey. Every minute or so she checked his eyes, waiting till she knew that he was at the point of losing control and giving over to his more basic desires.
When the moment was right she bounced up and pressed her front against him, leaning in to steal a kiss. Lips crushed to his, her tongue pushing into his mouth to seek out its counterpart. Breasts were pushed hard against his chest while one hand slipped down to cup his swollen member through his pants. She gently massaged the shaft, feeling him moan into the kiss. Her hand grasped his and quickly she led him off of the dance floor to the stadium seating along the walls. The club occasionally held shows and charity events, but when they weren’t in use for the events the chairs made an excellent darkened area to slip away.
Camille gave a quick nod to the bouncer who was standing nearby the entrance of the stadium seats. Most of the regulars knew what went on in the shadowed seating but every now and then some young buck figured on taking advantage of couples that went up to the seats.
With a little force she pushed Steve onto a chair, turned her back to him and straddled over his lap. A twist of her hips and the bottom of the dress draped over his lap. Her hand slipped behind her back to reach down and undo his black jeans, pulling free his swollen member. Quickly she guided him to her soaked slit and lowered herself to his lap, feeling him fill her. Vaginal muscles flexed as she began to work on milking his thick member.
For the first few moments she just sat in his lap facing him, smiling down at the surprised look upon his face. Her pussy gently squeezed and relaxed over him, working the shaft gently. When his hands came up to her waist and took hold, Camille began to rise and fall slowly, moving only a couple of inches upon him. Eyes were locked with his, reading his emotions, watching the pleasure upon his face as she rode his stiff member.
Her shoulders shifted, letting the thin straps of the dress drop down, fingers coming up to pull the material of the dress down to her waist, exposing the full lavender bra. Hands slipped back up her torso to slide under the bra and pull it up, revealing her breasts to him. Lavender lips curled in a smile as she watched his reaction, a hand coming to cup the back of his head and guide him towards a waiting, pink nipple. His lips parted, taking her into his mouth and beginning a soft suckle of her flesh.
Her violet eyes danced across the stadium seats, bringing a smile to her face as she saw several other couples entwined in sexual lust. The feeling of hands reaching under her dress to hold her ass brought her back to her lover. Her fingers gently played in his hair as she allowed his arms to set the pace of her riding. Faster she rode him, making sure to squeeze her muscles down on his shaft each time he penetrated her.
When she felt him begin to tip over into orgasm her thighs moved faster, bouncing just a bit more. She held his head against her chest, careful that his mouth was able to reach air instead of flesh. Soft moans were flowed into his ear as she egged him into cumming. Seconds later she felt the first blast begin to coat her insides with his seed. Dropping down into his lap she closed her eyes, feeling the energy of his orgasm begin to feed her. While the time was short the sexual energy was tremendous, filling her like a meal would a human.