There is a lot that could be said about my experiences in the exhibitionist club during college. The concept itself was pretty hard to believe, and when I first heard about it I was surprised. There are growing movements on campuses to be sex positive and embrace human sexuality, but it was hard to believe at first that there was an officially sanctioned club on campus devoted to a sexual fetish. At the height of its membership during my time in college, it had 11 members. It seemed like it may only have been made possible due to the faculty sponsor of the club, Dr. Jones.
She was a little chubby with pretty large natural breasts and a nice shapely ass. She had a lot of sway on campus, which is why I am sure we got so many special exemptions and exceptions, such as the nude performances on campus, the public flashing and living out of our fantasies. She herself seemed to take any opportunity possible to get naked in front of us and in front of the rest of the college. There are plenty of stories I could tell about my experiences in that club. Today's story however is reserved for a special case, the case of my fellow student Emily.
She was one of the first members of the club I had met when I joined. She was petite, but had nice shapely breasts and a nice shapely ass for her size. She had a short pixie cut of ginger hair, and her face was covered in freckles. She seemed very mousey and shy when we first met, and I was really surprised that she was a member of a club with such a salacious purpose. The stereotype of the adventurous and extroverted exhibitionist female didn't seem to apply to her.
The club was roughly half male half female, and I immediately developed a lust for Emily over the other women. Although she was quiet, her seemingly inhibited personality was endearing. I was really excited to see her naked at some point, and also was excited at the prospect of her seeing my penis. Still, part of me doubted she would keep returning to club meetings, so I didn't want to build up too much hope.
The earliest club meetings were entirely facilitated by Dr. Jones, who proposed that we all take turns getting to know each other. Before getting involved in some of the more public events of the club, Dr. Jones proposed that we each start slowly by getting naked in front of each other. She proposed that every week for the first two months, a different club member would be able to choreograph their own nude fantasy for the full hours meeting time, and the other club members would help them bring it to life.
The first few meetings that followed this format were quite interesting. One girl got naked and had us eat sushi off her body while we played cards. One of the males in the group got naked and was used as a piece of furniture by the group. Another girl had us watch her be spanked by Dr. Jones in front of the rest of the club. When my turn came up, I decided I wanted the group to draw my genitals while I posed for them. It was really exciting and arousing to be naked in front of a room full of people concentrating on every detail of your genitals. Whenever I caught Emily looking at me, I would twitch my penis for her, and I could tell by her facial expressions that she knew that I was doing it on purpose, but that she was trying not to react. All in all, my experience with that first time being naked in a room full of people was exhilarating, and I am sure everyone else would have said the same about their experiences. However, I must admit that none of us were prepared for what Emily had in store for her turn.
On the day that I knew it was Emily's turn to go, I showed up to the classroom that was reserved for our meetings early. I have to admit that I was very excited, and had been looking forward to that day all semester. As some of the other students slowly trickled in, I noticed Emily walk directly up to Dr. Jones and hand her a piece of paper. Emily had a large shoulder slung bag, and she hurriedly walked into a closet in the back of the room and closed the door. This closet had been used as a dressing room for all of us, and I was really excited to see how she would look when she emerged.
Evidently, the piece of paper she had handed Dr. Jones was a script that Emily wanted her to read. As soon as I heard the first few lines of the script, I understood that what I was about to witness was going to be really special.
"Hello all, Emily has given me a script to read from today. I hope I am able to time everything correctly, she has written extensive notes here for me. Without further ado, I will begin" Jones read.
With this, Dr. Jones put on her reading glasses and began to recite what Emily had written.
"I have prepared a show for you all today. I have very intentionally chosen the term "show", because I intend to show myself off to you. I am a totally submissive exhibitionist whore, and by the end of our hour together today, you will have seen me degrade myself in ways you would have never expected. I want you all to feel free to take photographs, film me, and masturbate if you would like to".
With this, I heard the door in the back of the classroom open, and what I saw emerge shocked me. Emily stepped out into the room completely naked, except for a few accessories. The first thing I noticed was that her nipples were pierced with white straight barbells, and the balls on either end looked to be like imitation pearls. Around her neck was a pearl collar with a white bowtie. On her feet, she was wearing clear heels that could only be described as the trashiest stripper heels imaginable. There wasn't any trace of hair on her body below her chin, it looked like she must have waxed completely.
Emily's face appeared flush, and I could tell from her expression that she was both embarrassed and excited. I listened to her heels click on the floor as she walked to the front of the room, and the facial expressions of my exhibitionist club mates were of shock. When she finally reached the front and turned around, there was a moment where I saw some micro movements out of instinct to cover herself, but she resisted. It was like I was watching this psychological battle within her right in front of me. I and many of my clubmates immediately began to pull out our phones and film. There was no way any of us wanted to miss this show, and we knew it would only arouse her more to have all eyes and camera on her.
"During the first portion of my show, I want to demonstrate some dance routines I have been practicing for you" Jones read.
At that, Dr. Jones began to play a Spanish salsa song from computer speakers at the front of the room. Emily began to do a solo salsa dance routine. She seemed a little stiff and rigid, and I could tell she was still very nervous and embarrassed. It was amazing to see her breasts jiggle with the rhythm, and we got to also see her ass cheeks jiggle with some of her turns. Towards the end of the song, she seemed to be getting a little warmed up and loose based on the increased fluidity of her movements. When she finished, she gave us a bow with a bit of flourish, and she smiled for the first time. We all clapped while continuing to film.
The second song that began to play was more of a hip hop beat. I was immediately impressed by her highly expressive hip hop dance moves, especially in heels. Her breasts and ass cheeks jiggled, and there were a couple moments where she squatted down and revealed her bare vagina to us. The first couple times she did this move, her hands quickly rested in front of her vagina, seemingly uncontrollably like a shame response. However, the third time she performed this move, I could see her intentionally remove her hands and remain in this pose for an exaggerated period of time. She smiled at us in the audience, and I could tell this was a cue to us to take a picture.
She then stood up and turned to face away from us. The song built up to a crescendo, and as the beat dropped, she leaned forward, bent her knees and began to twerk. As she twerked, all of us in the audience got a really intimate view of her bare vagina and butthole. Each movement she made of her hips, her butt cheeks would open and tease us with a view of her pink anus and vagina. This was the first time I realized that her taint was pierced with a straight barbell piercing that matched her nipple piercings. I zoomed in the camera on my phone and made sure to get some really close up shots of her vagina and butthole as the song ended.
At this point, Dr. Jones returned to reading the script.
"I hope you enjoyed the first portion of my show. I have been working on naked dance routines for years in front of the mirror, and I am beyond excited to finally be able to live out my fantasy of dancing naked for an audience. Next, I would like to try on some heels for you all. Please feel free to take pictures and video, and take note of your favorite pair for a poll at the end. I have been working on my runway walk for a while now, I hope you like it".
At that, Emily walked into the back closet of the room. She quickly emerged wearing a bright red pair of similarly trashy heels. A gentle song began to play over the speakers, as Emily did an incredibly erotic runway walk to the front of the room. I watched her butt cheeks jiggle as she did a catwalk for us, and when she reached the front of the room and did a turn, she began to strike some poses for us. Members of the club were clearly snapping photos and adjusting the zoom on their cameras as she struck many different erotic poses, thrusting her hips and doing turns for us. At one point, she squatted down again, exposing her bare vagina to us. This time, she leaned back onto her forearms for a bit and gave us a big smile. Her face was flush, and I imagine that this was due to a combination of arousal and embarrassment. After holding this pose for us for a few seconds, she got up and did another erotic runway walk back to the closet in the back.
The second time she emerged from the closet, she was wearing a bright yellow pair of stripper heels. She made her way to the front of the room with another erotic catwalk. This time when she reached the front, she parted her legs and leaned forward. She reached back with both hands and spread her butt cheeks apart, revealing her bare vagina and anus to us. She leaned forward enough to look back at us through her legs, and I heard a flurry of camera phones taking photos. She held this pose for about 15 seconds, which felt like an eternity for someone to be exposed and displayed this way for an audience. I studied the expression on her face to get a hint of what she must have been feeling, and I caught a microexpression that I could only interpret as a nervous smile and sexual excitement. Her eyes were wide, and I could only imagine the exhilaration and adrenaline she was experiencing in that moment with her butt cheeks spread wide for our viewing pleasure.
After Emily finished spreading for us, she turned and did another erotic catwalk back into the closet in the back of the room. As she walked towards the back, Dr. Jones began to read from the script again.
"At this time, I would like you all to vote on your favorite pair of heels. Raise your hands when Dr. Jones describes a color, and we will tally the results" Dr. Jones read.
At this time, Dr. Jones went down through the list of heel colors, and the classroom decided overwhelmingly that we wanted Emily to put the clear heels back on. Shortly after, Emily emerged from the closet in her clear heels and returned to stand facing us in the front of the classroom. She appeared to be holding a plastic bubble wand and a container of bubble liquid.
"At this portion of the show, I would like to demonstrate a flexibility trick I have been working on for some time. I hope you enjoy my efforts to blow some bubbles for your viewing pleasure" Dr. Jones read.
Emily sat backwards onto a low table at the front of the classroom. She paused for a moment, as if to compose herself and gain some courage. She closed her eyes and I saw her take a deep breath. It was clear she was wrestling with her embarrassment and shame, and for a moment I was nervous the inhibition would win out. However, I was quickly put at ease when she opened her eyes, and laid back on the table. She parted her legs, and dipped the bubble wand into the container of bubbles. She then inserted the bubble wand into her vagina, grabbed the bottom of her heels, and pulled her feet back towards her head. This position naturally spread her legs and butt cheeks apart, and Emily was now displaying her anus, taint piercing, and bubble wand filled vagina to the audience.
Emily began to lean her head forward and bend her hips upward to blow some bubbles from the wand. She struggled to get her head close enough to blow a bubble successfully, and her struggles only revealed her bare vagina and anus to us more and more.
There was a flurry of activity in the audience, and some of the men began to pull out their penises and masturbate. The sounds of camera phones taking photos reverberated through the room, and some of the women began to giggle and laugh at Emily's seemingly futile struggle to blow a bubble. Emily's face was flushed, and I could only imagine the amount of humiliation she was feeling. After several minutes, Emily was finally able to blow a bubble.
There was applause from the audience, and Emily smiled an embarrassed smile. She removed the bubble wand, stood up and bowed for the audience. After her bow, she walked back into the closet one last time, and when she emerged she had traded her bowtie collar for a white leather one with the word "WHORE" in glittery gold letters on it. She walked to the front of the room, laid back onto the table, and spread her legs again, pulling her feet back towards her head to once again reveal her anus, taint piercing, and bare vagina to us.
"At this time, I would like the men to masturbate to my body. I will hold a pose, spread my butt, and wink my butthole for your pleasure".
I looked in awe as Emily reached down with her hands still in her pretzel pose, spread her butt cheeks wide open, and began to expand and contract her anus. She scanned the audience with her eyes, and her facial expression was pure excitement. She looked completely thrilled with what she was doing. I could see some white creamy moisture begin to collect at the entrance of her vagina, and it didn't take long for a string of her moisture to begin to slowly run down towards her winking anus.
The other men in the audience were now masturbating furiously, and I myself had found it impossible to resist. I pulled out my erect penis and began to stroke it while looking at her pink winking butthole. The string of her moisture had now reached her taint piercing, and was in the process of dripping further down to her butthole. Even Dr. Jones walked around to the front to get a better view of Emily. I watched Emily lock eyes with Dr. Jones, and gave a big smile as she continued to wink her anus. Dr. Jones pulled out her own phone and recorded some close up videos of Emily's butthole.
Several of the men began to ejaculate in the audience, and many of the women looked on with an expression I interpreted as awe or jealousy. I was sure many of them wished they had the courage to expose themselves the way Emily was. I soon came in one of the most intense orgasms I had ever experienced from masturbation alone. I shot my load onto the floor, and moaned loudly. I saw Emily's eyes watch me shoot multiple ropes of cum, and she was smiling ear to ear.
"Once the men are satisfied, I would like us to take a group photograph together" Dr. Jones read.
We stood up and positioned ourselves around Emily, still laying on the table in her humiliating pose. Dr. Jones took some pictures of us all surrounding Emily and smiling, while Emily continued to spread her butt cheeks apart and expose her anus. The photos would depict a smiling Emily, emblazoned with her "WHORE" collar and clear heels, spreading her legs as wide as they could go while also spreading her butt open with both hands. Her moisture had formed a creamy trail from the bottom of her vaginal opening, over her taint piercing, down to her butthole. Later that semester, Emily insisted we used one of these photographs to be the official picture of the club on the website. Anyone who would be scrolling through the clubs page would be met with quite a surprise.
After the group photographs, the show ended with Emily masturbating herself to one of the most intense orgasms I have ever witnessed. She had evidently been so turned on, that it only took a few rubs of her clitoris to bring her to a full body shaking orgasm. It was so intense, that tears began to run down her face. She moaned loudly, and after her first orgasm, she began to masturbate again. She was able to achieve four orgasms in a row before completely succumbing to exhaustion.
Needless to say, Emily made quite an impression on us all that day. She set the bar high for exhibitionist club, and really set the tone for the rest of the year. I will never forget how this mousey petite redhead was transformed into a submissive public whore, and lived out her deepest fantasies.