Jan was new into town, her husband of 10 years passed with cancer. She wanted a new life, not to forget her past but to start a new chapter. She moved to a small town. She was a handsome woman, 35 years old, slender and in good shape. It had been 3 years since her husbands death and she hadn't been with any man since. Her new home was in a quiet neighborhood with friendly people. Jan had accepted the head librarian job in town and was assimilating into the head roll.
Her next door neighbor Sandy and Jim were just a few years younger and seemed nice. They brought over a house warming gift and a home made apple pie the first week she was there. Sandy and Jan hit if off from the start. Sandy was a little more out front with opinion and told it like it was while Jan was more reserved and held her thoughts inside.
Sandy and Jim had a good relationship while Jim did have to travel on business some and left Sandy alone at times it seemed to be the right kind of relationship for them. Sandy worked only part time at a local health club. She lead a exercise class three times a week and was a personal trainer so she was in great shape.
Sandy and Jan shared gossip stories about people they worked with or came into the library or club. Just like their personalities Sandy had much more exciting stories then Jan. Sandy would joke to Jan about the hot men and women she saw in the club and how she would love to jump on the men or watch the women. The conversations would usually make Jan turn red but Jan deep down was intrigued and wished she could be a little more like Jan.
Sandy and Jim had only moved into their home just 6 months ago moving from across town. This house was larger and they were still fine tuning things. Sandy and I started seeing each other almost every day and both of us were opening up to each other about almost all topics.
One night we decided to get some wine and watch some chick flicks. We needless to say both had too much wine and the topic led to sex. I pretty much told her how my sex life had never been very eventful. It was all about my husband. He was a wam bam thank you mam type. We never did oral sex and I pretty had an orgasm with him because all the attention was on him. Don't get me wrong I loved him just the sex was not good for me.
Sure I did masturbate on occasion and I had to hide my toys. I would dream about having sex with other men, never women. I truly only had an orgasm once during intercourse and that was only because I was masturbating thinking I had the house to myself when Jeff came home. He had been drinking and was horny and wanted sex right away. He almost caught me playing and I barely got on my night robe when he ask me why I was dressed like that and I lied that I was going to take a bath.
I can't believe that he didn't notice how wet I was. As he was fucking me I continued my masturbating thought and dreaming it was another man. Afterwords he ask me what got into me? He admitted he liked it but I was too shy to tell him.
Okay you now know about me what about you Sandy? First off I am so sorry for you Jan not to be able to enjoy sex. Sex is really a wonderful thing. Jim and I have always enjoyed sex. We have been somewhat adventuresome. I have never went down on a woman and we have tried a threesome mmf and ffm once for both. It was pretty surreal. To be honest having sex with two guys was very hot, just wish they would have spent a little more time with me but having a cock inside me and sucking on a cock at the same time was very orgasmic he he.
Since I am not really into oral sex with a woman or kissing her it was a little weird but watching my mans cock being sucked on by another woman and watching his cock sliding in and out of her pussy was hot. That part was a huge turn on. It is just too bad that he can't have more than one orgasm like I can.
Now I really really like to have oral sex both giving and receiving. There is just something about sucking and licking a mans cock and having total control of him. Having him explode his cum all over I just can't get enough of. Yes I do swallow! I admit it took a little to acquire the taste and not gag. Kind of like beer, the first time you taste it you don't really like it but after a while you do.
Same thing with him going done on my pussy, I love love love it and it just feels so wonderful. At first I was conscious about what I might taste like but when Jim assured me it was okay I could then let go.
We both like to be either in control of our partner or be controlled, it all depends on our mood. Lets put it this way we very seldom have just plain sex. Oh my gosh I can't believe I told you all this. I have never told anyone before. Don't take me wrong but talking all about this I am really horny what about you?
I blushed but admitted to Sandy that I also was horny.
I don't know about you Jan but I need to go to my own bed and take care of business if you know what I mean!! That's okay Sandy likewise I think I will go home and take care of myself, I can't believe I just told you that as I giggled.
Don't take this wrong but just for fun I will show you mine if you will show me yours. What do you mean Sandy?
Pull down your pants and panties and let me see your pussy that is what I mean! Oh I don't know? Here I will do it first as Sandy unzipped her pants, wiggled them down to her knees and then pulled her panties down. I just kind of stared at her pussy, it was neatly trimmed and her lips were a little enlarged and spread apart. She took her finger and inserted it into her pussy the pulled it out and sucked off her juice.
I was embarrassed but proceeded to pull my pants down then my panties. I am sure if we hadn't drank so much I wouldn't have but to be honest with all that talk I was horny. Not having any sex for so long and no one seeing my pussy I was all natural, long and hairy.
Oh my god you don't shave, I might have to help you some day on that but I do see you are excited, look at your sweetness. Go ahead and taste yourself. I don't know I have never done that before.
Go ahead! I slowly inserted my finger inside and I was really wet. I pulled it out and tasted it. It really wasn't like I thought it would be. I guess an acquired taste. I pulled up my panties and pants and Sandy pulled hers all the way off. You go home now and we can think about each other masturbating to orgasm he he.
I did just that and thinking about all of her sexy stories it didn't take long and it felt so wonderful.