We left the restaurant and climbed into the car where she asked me what club we were going to. I replied "One that we have not been to yet, but you should not be wearing your panties in there."
With that she lifted her skirt and pulled them down and off with a loud squelch as the dildo slipped out of her wetness. A short 10 minute drive later we pulled into a parking lot behind an unassuming building and parked. I leaned over and pulled her in for a kiss telling her "I love you so much and I can't thank you enough for playing along so well today."
In return she said "I have had so much fun showing off and getting teased by you but I really just want you to fuck me and let me cum." I got out of the car and went around and opened her door and held my hand out for her to take and led her to the front door.
When we entered the club she took one look around and said "This is no dance club."
I replied "Of course it is, there is a dance floor, a DJ and there is even a stripper pole over there."
She looked at me and asked "What you want to see me swing my ass around the pole?"
I simply told her "Me and every other guy in here would love to see it."
With that I led her out on the dance floor where there were a couple others already dancing and engaged in heavy petting of their own. As we danced slow and close I held her tight lightly kissing her ears and neck while fondling her ass slowly working her skirt higher and higher. When my hands found her naked ass she jumped with a start trying to pull away and pull her skirt back down but I held her tight and told her "Let me play with your ass and make everyone watch and see you." She relaxed a little looking around to see a few people checking her ass out and soon began to get into it. As she got more relaxed I started running my hands and fingers ever farther down her crack lightly touching her asshole on my way to her nether lips. When my fingers found her pussy I found it dripping wet and running down her legs.
After teasing her opening for a few more minutes she was breathing heavy and on the verge of cumming when I suggested she try the pole out. She nearly yanked my arm off trying to get to the pole she was so excited. She started dancing around the pole on the small raised platform, swinging her ass from side to side and grinding on the pole in front of her. I took a seat on a stool right at the edge of the stage and soon the others were filled as well watching her.
She came over to me and started grinding on my crotch, as she was doing this I reached in front of her and undid a couple buttons on her blouse letting her tits all but free and told her "I think the rest of your audience would like some personal attention like your giving me."
She did not miss a beat as she stepped away from me fondling her own tits and walked to another guy sitting across from me and started to grind on him before bending all the way over lifting her skirt over her ass and running a finger up and down her dripping wet slit which brought a roar of compliments from everyone on that side. She stood back up and went in front of some others where she knelt down and leaned all the way back thrusting her breast out and cupped them both with her hands and squeezed before she ran her right hand down to lift her skirt. As she kept playing with her tits with her left hand her right hand spread her lips exposing her rock hard clit which she began to rub.
As the song finished up she came over to me and I told her "Lets go see upstairs."
As we headed upstairs I motioned for the others around the stage to follow. When we got upstairs she looked at me and said "This part is no dance club."
I told her "No it is not" as I led her into a little alcove with a bed in the center of it.
I started kissing her and fondling her all over as I started to undress her. When she was naked I told her to lay on the bed which she did not hesitate at. As she lay there looking at me, naked, she asked me "What is going to happen?"
"Well" I said "You are going to masturbate for everyone that wants to watch, while they jerk off and cum all over your gorgeous tits, would you like that?"
"OH GOD YES" she hollered as her hand was already on its way down to her wetness.
As her hand reached her damp slit spreading her lips and rubbing over her clit she looked around and saw at least 6 men gathering closer with their cocks out stroking them to her show. After Just half a minute she could not hold back any longer and shoved two fingers as deep as she could into her slippery hole and worked them as fast as she could while rubbing her clit with her palm. The loud wet slapping sounds filled the room as the guys around her were stroking faster and faster. With a grunt one of them let loose his load and shot three heavy shots across both of her tits. That sent her over the edge, screaming out she came and let loose a squirt that reached the end of the bed completely soaking it which set off two more of the guys splashing their seed across her chest.
She slowed down some and started rubbing her clit with her fingers as she used her other hand to run through the loads of cum on her chest rubbing them in. As she regained focus she started with a renewed vigor going faster and harder at her clit and dripping hole. As she was moaning she was getting ready to cum again the remaining guys moved in closer causing her to look at them furiously stroking their cocks and telling them "That's it stroke those big cocks and cover my tits in all your cum."
That set one of the guys off and as his load hit her nipple she screamed out in orgasm again with another squirt that reached past her knees. That seemed to set the last two guys off as they let their loads fly over her tits. She looked amazing laying there spent, half passed out from her orgasms that had been building all day and covered in half a dozen loads of cum.
As she slowly regained herself I gently cleaned her up with a towel as the guys all thanked us for the show. I dressed her as she stood on wobbly legs and told her "Let's go home and make love."
She looked at me and said "It's about fucking time."