A few months ago my boyfriend and I had a wild night at the strip club/dance club and I can't quit thinking about it, so I decided to write about it and re-live it on paper.
My boyfriend Dax and I have been together nearly two years. We started dating my senior year in High School when some mutual friends hooked us up. It was love at first sight and we've been inseparable since.
In our relationship Dax has always been the one to push our sex life to the next level. Probably because he is a few years older than I am, and way more experienced sexually. Before Dax, I only slept with two other guys, and gave out a hand full of blowjobs. Since I've met Dax, we've had a lot of fun sexual experiences like public sex, 3 some with one of my girlfriends and some wild wild sex nights. But this night...tops them all.
Dax has always loved when I go pantyless under my skirts and dresses. He loves for me to flash other guys my goodies and I must say, I love it as well. When I'm bare under my tiny skirts, I get a wild rush when someone gets a peek. We always talk about what would happen if a guy came on strong to me and Dax has always said you just have to go with the moment. He's never told me to fuck another guy, but it was very obvious that he would enjoy it if I did. He always makes small remarks without actually saying "please fuck someone!"
For the 4th of July, we took a trip to the coast for a weekend getaway. We brought our "club" clothes because we planned on hitting some dance clubs the night before the 4th's celebration. The first night we were there was our club night. I dressed in my very short white clubbing dress. It just hugs the bottom of my butt cheeks and the front needs pulled down every step I take or my pussy lips will show. It is very loose fitting over my 34D chest as it wraps behind my neck. It is backless and shows a lot of skin. I go braless with this dress and my boobs bounce very freely with any movement. I'm only 5' 2" so I finish my outfit with 4 inch wedges. I have long brown hair and I put it in an up due and I was ready. Dax is dressed in his typical designer jeans and a nice button up dress shirt and looks as handsome as ever.
We went out to a very nice dinner early in the evening and were done sooner than expected. The clubs don't typically get going till about 10 pm, so we had a few hours to kill. Right down the street from our hotel was a strip club we saw when we first arrived so Dax wanted to go check it out. I've only been to a strip club once and it was fun, but didn't really think much about it after that night. It was fairly busy in the club but we grabbed a table near the back and the cocktail waitress greeted us with some drinks. I was checking out all the dancers to see if any of them were hotter than me but I had no luck finding one!
After watching a few dancers, I got up to use the restroom. As I got up there was a small group of guys a few tables over, about my age, maybe a little older, looking right at me. It was pretty dim lighting so I don't think they saw much, but they were definitely checking me out. I walked past them and all three gave me a little smile. On my walk back, one of them asked me if I give private dances and I laughed and said "not tonight." I told Dax they asked me that, and he said, "well, are you going to? You should!" with a glimmer in his eye. I said I probably would if I had panties on. He said that I should still do it. As I thought about it, my pussy was getting very moist. I told Dax I would do it, but I need him to go ask the manager if it would be ok and to find out the rules. Dax returned to our table after a few minutes and said it would be ok, and the only rule was no sex. He said there was only very light touching allowed for the dancers, but it didn't apply to me because I wasn't working.
I told Dax I was going to do it but I wasn't going to strip. I would just dance and rub up on him. The way the private dance booths were set up was just a long booth against the wall, with just a 3 foot wall blocking it in so everyone could see the private area from the waist up. I went up to the guy that asked me for the dance and I told him I'd give him one if he was up for it. Without hesitation he jumped up and said hell yeah! I grabbed him by the hand and led him to the booth and he sat on the very end, so the three foot wall wasn't really secluding us very well. His 2 buddies, Dax, and a few other tables had a clear view of us.
I started dancing in front of him not showing anything. A very innocent dance. Then as I got onto his lap I had to spread my legs apart and this was when he first noticed I wasn't wearing any panties. I was rubbing my ass on his lap as if we were fucking and I could feel his dick stiffing up. His hands were on my sides and he was inching in closer to my boobs. I told him he could touch my boobs if he wanted too. He started rubbing my tits but was having a hard time so I turned around facing towards everyone else, but still thrusting on his lap. He reached around feeling my tits and pulled my dress open. At first it gave me a little shock and scare, but then I said fuck it, its a strip club! I was rubbing my ass on a guy with my boobs exposed to anyone in the club that cared to look. It was very exciting but the song ended and I already took it further than I planned so I gave him a kiss on the cheek and told him thanks and we walked back to our tables. When I got back to our table, Dax had a huge smile on his face and told me how sexy it was. He loved it but said he wished I would have stripped all the way and let him rub me up more. I told him I was too nervous but if I had a few more drinks I would.
After a few more drinks and a lot of talk about how turned on we were, Dax told me I should give one of the guys another dance. But this time I should let one of them rub on my pussy and I should rub on his dick and maybe even fuck him and of course get naked. I was really horny thinking about everything so I decided to do it and let loose this time.
I walked up to the table of the three guys and asked the other guys if one of them would like a dance. They all three yelled yes, I told the one he already had one, so I told one of the others to come with me and I'd give the third guy one after his friend. We went to the same spot where I gave the other guy a dance. On the very edge, near the back where the people sitting in back could see us. Our table, the three guys table and a few more tables but they were all empty except one with an older man at it. The rest of the club could see us, but just from the waist up.
A new song started so I started seductively dancing on him. I gave him the same dance I gave his friend for a while, then decided It was time to strip. While I was straddling him I pulled my halter top over my head and let it fall to my waist. I was now topless and rubbing my boobs on his face. It didn't take me long after that to step back and let my full dress drop to the ground. I was completely naked and I felt like my pussy was dripping I was so turned on. I danced in front of him a little then got back on his lap. He was being very polite with his hands so I told him he could rub on me if he would like. He started rubbing my ass and boobs but not on my pussy. So I told him I couldn't believe how wet I was and that he should feel how wet I really was. He didn't hesitate and put his fingers down there instantly. I had a major rush and let out a big gasp. He kept rubbing my pussy and would slightly stick his fingers in me more and more.
I could feel his dick was really hard so I started rubbing it. It seemed really big through his jeans and I wanted to really feel it, so I slightly unbuttoned and unzipped his pants and pulled his dick out the top. He wiggled his jeans down to just low enough where his penis was fully out, but still far enough up that no one could really tell. I was stroking on his cock and there was a lot of precum so I was fully jacking him off. He slid down a little and pulled me up a little so now my pussy was right on his dick. I started thrusting on him rubbing my dripping wet pussy along his cock. I wanted to fuck him right then but I didn't want to get in trouble or kicked out. A couple times his dick nearly entered me but I would back off once it got to close. When I looked around I noticed no one was paying any attention to us other than Dax and the two guys.
One of the "Main event" girls was on stage and had everyone full attention. So I asked him if he had a condom but he said no. I was way to horny to let that stop me so I told him he could fuck me, but I asked him to not cum in me. I told him to tell me when we was going to cum so I could get off him. He slid his dick in me with ease because I was so wet. He just sat there and I did most of the work so It still just looked like a lap dance. He didn't take long at all to warn me he was going to cum. I jumped off him and put my ass in the air and bent at the waist and put his dick into my mouth and with perfect timing I felt a gush of cum splatter in my mouth. I swallowed all his cum and just kept dancing on him as if nothing was any different. He pulled his pants up and I grabbed my dress and put it on the best I could. He told me that was the best dance he had ever had and he would be up for another one later if I wanted. I just laughed and said I'm sure you would! On the way back to my table I told the third guy he's next but I need a little break first.
I could tell Dax loved what he just saw. I told him he isn't going to believe what I just did but he just laughed and said he could see everything that happened very clearly! I thought we were being very sneaky but I guess it was very obvious! He said when I jumped off him and had my ass in the air my pussy was still open from being fucked and still really wet. He asked me if he came in me cause it was so wet but I told him I had the guy cum in my mouth because I missed yesterday on my birth control pills and didn't want to take a chance. Daxs dick was hard as a rock and told me he wanted to go back to the room so he could fuck me. I told him I promised the third guy a dance and didn't want to be mean. Dax asked if I was going to fuck him too. I just said we'll see, but we both knew that meant yes!
I grabbed the third guy and didn't waste any time at all. I quickly had my top down and my dress up, not naked, but just my dress scrunched up around my waist and rubbing on his dick. It was obvious his buddy told him what happened and I could tell he was ready and expecting nothing less. He pulled his dick out and pulled me onto him. As we were fucking I told him to tell me when he was going to cum so I could put it in my mouth because I didn't want him to cum in me. After we were fucking a bit I could tell he was getting close.
Right as he started pumping hard about to cum, a bouncer walked right up near us to talk to one of the strippers giving a lap dance about 6 feet away but he was facing us. The guy told me he was cumming but I couldn't get up or the bouncer would see we were fucking so I kept acting like I was just giving a lap dance hoping he wouldn't cum. After the bouncer left I asked if he came and he said yes and sorry he couldn't hold it. I told him it was ok because I really didn't want to get caught.
While he buttoned up his pants and I started to adjust my dress, his friend came over that I gave the first lap dance to and he asked if he could have a better dance like his friends got. I felt bad for him and said of course and told him to sit down but I wanted to run over and tell Dax real quick. I had my dress covering my bottom but I left the top down so my boobs were still out. I ran over and gave Dax a kiss and told him the guy had to cum in me because the bouncer was watching us and we didn't want to get caught. Dax put his fingers into my pussy and his fingers were covered in cum. He pulled them out and put them to my mouth and I sucked the cum off them. I told him that the first guy wanted to fuck me like his friends did and he was waiting so I had to go. Dax told me to leave my dress with him and just go over there naked. I was already mostly naked so I slipped it off with no hesitation.
Totally naked, I walk back to the booth where the guy is waiting for me. Rather than just jumping on and fucking him, I give him a good dance. I was putting my face in his lap with my legs locked and my butt in the air giving Dax and the guys a clear view on my cum filled pussy. I pulled the guys dick out while my face was down there and put his dick in my mouth giving a little tease. I got up on him and told him to fuck me and not to come in me. He asked me where he should cum and I said anywhere but in my pussy. Right when I said that I instantly regretted it thinking he would want to cum in my ass, but he just asked if he could cum on my face. I said yes because we were leaving right after this so it didn't matter. He told me he was going to cum so I got on my knees and opened my mouth for him to cum on. He came more than normal cum. I felt about 7 or 8 big squirts hit my face. I felt like my whole face was covered in cum and it was dripping down onto my tits. He buttoned up his pants and I was looking around for my dress to wipe the cum off till I remembered Dax had it.
I started to walk towards our table with my head down trying to hide my cum covered face. When I got to the table I told Dax the guy wanted to cum on my face and I let him, but I needed a napkin to clean it off. He couldn't believe it and told me I looked sexy and should just leave it on my face and just hangout for a little while naked. I was buzzing pretty good and horny as hell so I did. I sat on Daxs lap and whenever any guys turned around to look at me, Dax would spread my legs wide open. Eventually I just left them spread apart so everyone could see my pussy. Once I was causing to much attention one of the bouncers came over and said I wasn't allowed to be totally nude of the floor. He said I had to at least have panties on. I told him I didn't have any so he said either cover up or I would have to leave. We were ready to leave anyway so I told Dax lets go and I'll put my dress on outside. The door was across the room from us so I walked passed everyone making a pretty big scene. Once we were outside I slipped my dress on and we walked a little bit up the road and found a good place to fuck. Dax came in me in about 3 minutes cause he was so horny.
I had cum all over my face and running down my legs so I told Dax we needed to go back to the hotel so I could get cleaned up before we go to the dance club.
I'll write about the rest on the night another time!