Let me begin by saying, my wife, daughter and I practice nudism twenty-four seven in our home, no exceptions. When we have guests come to our house and you either shed your garments when you arrive or you don't come in, thats our firm standing rule. All of our close friends know the rule and accept our lifestyle.
My wife Beth is what some call a curvy woman. I happen to think curves are rather sexy myself. She's five foot four, blondish brown hair, thirty-six C cup breasts, fairly large areoles, big nipples and has a bush.
Julie is my nineteen year old daughter and a freshman in college. She's five foot four, dark brown hair, and beautiful bright blue eyes. Her body is slender, sporting A cup breasts, with small pink areoles. She doesn't have a bush like her mother but instead keeps it trimmed nice and neat.
Since we like to play chess as a family and enjoy competition, not long ago we started inviting some friends over to play. On this particular day, I invited two of my good friends, Steve and Matt to come over to drink some beer and play a few games at our house. Both are single guys, ages thirty-seven and forty four.
Julie came in from kitchen during the game between Steve and I, holding some chips and dip. I noticed that, one of my friends, Steve, could hardly take his eyes off her nude petite little body and I wondered what was going through his mind.
Suddenly he said, "Julie do you know how to play chess?"
Loving the attention she flashed him a big smile and replied, "I certainly do!"
Either she didn't notice his stare or she doesn't mind older men ogling her. Hearing that, my wife Beth who was in the other room, decided to join us.
Apparently, Steve saw an opportunity to spend some time in close proximity with her and admire more of her nakedness, "Julie, how about a game, I bet you're more of a challenge than your dad?" he coaxed.
Julie put a hand on my shoulder and asked, "Do you mind, if I do?"
I said, "of course not, be my guest!"
Now our game table only stands sixteen inches tall, so if you're sitting in a chair across from the couch, which is on the other side of the game table, you have a perfect view of that persons entire body sitting across from you. Same goes for the person sitting on the couch across from the person sitting on the chair. Now keep in mind that Julie and Steve are completely nude at the time.
Julie moved into position on the couch while Steve sat on the chair across from her. It was Steve's move first. Julie sat on the couch with her feet up and knees bent to observe Steve's move. In doing so, her tits and spread pussy were fully exposed to him. I couldn't tell whether she was intentionally flashing him or if she was just innocently exposing herself.
My wife and looked at each other with a surprised look on our faces. Beth leaned in close to me and whispered, "what the hell is she doing?"
Steve seemed to take his sweet time contemplating his first move. After making his move, he sat back in the chair bringing his fully erect cock, with its large mushroom head, into full view. Julie didn't seem to notice as she leaned forward to make her move. Beth and I looked at Matt, who was also in the room standing behind Steve and he was now sporting a semi-erect cock himself.
When Julie finished her move and returned to her original position, she looked over at Steve and noticed his cock standing proudly at attention, she smiled. Looking at Matt standing behind Steve, she saw his cock at in the beginning stage of erection. Beth and I wondered whether she was teasing these guys on purpose?
We looked at each other and were about to suggest we do something else when we looked closer at her open exposed pussy and saw a trickle of white creamy liquid beginning to emerge from between her lips at the base of her love canal. It was clear to us, and I'm sure to the other two, she was enjoying this. I was even getting aroused at what I was witnessing.
As the game continued, Steve emerged as the winner. He asked Julie what his prize was going to be for winning. She said, "how about I come over and sit on your knee while you play Matt?"
Getting off the couch, she walked over and sat on Steve's knee while gazing at Steve's fully engorged cock. There's no doubt in my mind that he could feel the slippery wetness of her juices on his knee. Meanwhile, Matt took her seat on the couch proudly displaying his huge cock and balls.
This was too much for me, I was hard myself and decided to massage Beth's tits, gently pinching her nipples. Here our daughter was turning out like her mother. I wondered at that moment whether her and Julie had ever discussed Beth's attitude toward sex. I reached down to feel her pussy and discovered she was soaking wet, my fingers were covered in her juices.
While taking in the sight of his package, Julie reached down and began stroking Steve's cock stopping just before reaching his large mushroom head. Within moments, and before the game even started, Steve's cock began spewing out ropes of thick white cum over himself and Julie. What the fuck I thought to myself.
Seeing this Beth opened her legs wider allowing me to easily slip three fingers inside her pussy. Beth moaned loudly and caught the attention of everyone else. Julie looked over Steve's shoulder to see me feverishly finger fucking my wife.
Julie, excusing herself, said "I need to get a towel to clean us off!"
As she did, I withdrew my fingers from my wife's pussy and licked her juices from my hand. I wanted so badly for Steve to fuck my wife but since he had just cum I wasn't sure he would be ready that quickly.
Returning back to the table, Julie wiped up the cum from Steve's body and cock and then from herself. Steve needing to excuse himself from the game, offered his seat to Julie. She requested that her and Matt exchange seats so she would once again be sitting on the couch. As she did, she brushed against Matt's huge cock and returned to the position she was in when playing against Steve.
My wife and I were amazed she had not bothered to wipe her on creamy juices from her pussy but instead was now demonstrating how soaking wet she had become.
She said, "Well Matt are you ready to begin?"
They began the game and as it continued, Beth and I were certain she was losing on purpose, we both knew she was a better player than she let on. Finally Matt announced, "checkmate!"
Beth and I waited with great anticipation to find out what Matt's reward was going to be. Julie stood up from the couch revealing a large wet spot where she had been sitting. Walking over to Matt she asked, "what would you like your reward to be?"
Matt's immediate response was, "I would like you to have a seat on my lap."
Of course Matt's cock was completely hard and sticking up from the chair. As Julie moved into position, Matt spread his thighs apart, giving her easy access to sit on his cock. As she lowered herself ever so slowing adjusting to his size, she let out, "oh my god."
Once her pussy was fully engulfed with his entire shaft down to his balls, she sat motionless, feeling her pussy stretched to accommodate his length and girth. She announced, "I can feel your cock pulsating inside me!"
As she slowly began riding his cock, she felt her first release, her muscles squeezing around his shaft. Needing release himself, he pushed her forward, bending her over, he rose from the chair and began pumping her young pussy, thrusting harder and harder.
Looking down at his cock, he could see her cum all over it and just as he did, she had her second and more intense orgasm, her legs shaking wildly. As her pussy squeezed with such intensity he began his own intense orgasm ball deep in her shooting an endless stream of hot thick cum deep inside her pussy.
After several moments of holding that position, he began withdrawing his cock from her exposing a wide open hole dripping a huge volume of his semen. She collapsing on the floor and he back in his chair, both exhausted.
With Steve standing next to Beth and I, I instructed her to bend over and make her pussy available to him and I began stroking his cock back to life. Once he achieved a full erection again, I held his cock as the pushed that mushroom head into her pussy. While he fucked her, I turned my attention back to what I had just witnessed.
Where had our daughter learned to do this? I just couldn't get the scene of what had taken place out of my mind. After a bit she looked up at me with a mischievous grin on her face.