This is the continued report on our vacation from last summer - all true, all us. Please see part one and two of our adventure for a better understanding of part 3: http://www.literotica.com/s/out-for-a-walk-the-key-inside-ch-01
*****
We enjoyed our coffee and told our hubbies about our walk home, but we kept our 'private break' to ourselves to keep a surprise for the evening to come.
John and Mischa told us they wanted to go canoing on the river nearby before starting to prepare for our sexy evening together and our meal to start with.
That fitted in perfectly with the plans me and Kysia had; we made an appointment to arrive at their place at about five o'clock. So Mischa gave the keys of their car to Kysia for us and after kissing us good-bye they left.
Me and Kysia took another cup of coffee, then she offered me to give me a close intimate shave that I gladly accepted; the 'all natural' look wasn't very practical for the evening and my initial walk was done.
I stood up and went for the shaving equipment, hot water and a towel; Kysia had moved a comfortable leather chair with armrests to the terrace in the meantime. When I got back she took the towel from me and laid it on the seat of the chair for me to sit on. I took place and putted my feet on the armrests, spreading for Kysia. She started cutting my pubic hair and armpits as short as possible with a pair of scissors before applying the shaving cream then starting to shave me with the utmost precision, holding my inner labia together to pull them aside and straitening the skin for a close shave.
When all was done, she shaved my armpits that became as smooth as my pussy. When all was done I thanked her with a kiss. After returning all necessities we sat down and discussed the plans for rest of our day together.
Kysia proposed to go shopping and site-seeing which sounded OK to me, so we dressed up and got on our way. We had a wonderful day out together; we ended on a terrace having a drink or two.
Looking at the clock, it was about time to leave and as we still had plenty days to spend so we definitely had time for another trip together one of the following days.
We parked the car at Mischa and Kysia's house, decided to leave our coats in the trunk as we didn't yet know where and when we would need them the next time.
So we joined Mischa and John; entering the garden Kysia locked the door as to make sure we would have our privacy. We saw immediately that our men had worked hard and that they had organized well; the terrace was made cozy, a pile of towels was laid to the side and entering the living by the wide opened glass sliding doors, they had put a double and a single mattress next to each other with white sheets over it and pillows casually in the middle in place off the table that normally stood there right in front of the two couches that had rested in place.
On and around the tables in- and outside the house there were flowers, candles, matches and even small plates, each with some flowers and condoms.
Next to the mattresses they had hung a lint with clips you normally use for Christmas cards, at a height of about one foot. They had marked our names on either sides; that would be convenient to 'park' used condoms on, waiting for the consumer, as they said.
And of course a roll of kitchen-paper was in it's place as well...
John asked us to take a seat at the table in the garden where the men served a glass of champagne; the bottle was served in a cooler, the drinks in wide, more or less flat, glasses and a plate filled with toast and snacks.
We toasted at our evening together and enjoyed our drinks and the snacks as Mischa lit the BBQ.
We also looked back at our walk this morning; Kysia thanked John for his idea of changing the egg, as it opened up the way to us starting to get intimate together; we also told them what followed after that during our break...
The BBQ was ready in the meantime to start grilling and we enjoyed our meal; of course we had some more drinks. As it was still hot, John started to undress going for a swim and we all followed his example.
After that, we settled again at the table having another drink while we all started to play a bit with our hands on each others hubbies body.
I said: 'Let's go in, and check out what our men have arranged there...!' Kysia took John by his dick, taking a champagne glass in her other hand, she winked at me leading him in.
We led the men to the couches and let them sit down while I said: 'Kysia, let us start this adventure together!' I shove the cushions aside and Kysia said: 'Let's sixty-nine to start with..' I said that I'd love to, laying on our sides giving our hubbies a good view. It was our first time exploring one another at he same time, we where both dripping wet enjoying one another's juices. After a few minutes I stopped licking Kysia asking the men to join in for a double sixty-nine; John offered his dick to Kysia, she started to suck him at once. John started to lick me, while I started to suck Mischa who licked his wife in my place. It was a very hot experience for all of us, though it was more optical so we decided to split up in pairs; Mischa putted on a condom as he wanted to fuck me.
Kysia asked John to sit on the couch so that she could suck him off, while she took her glass to catch his cum in.
Mischa turned on his back, asking me to take place on his dick, which I gladly did! His dick is a bit larger then John's is, so I could regulate easy how deep he went in me. It was a wonderful feeling having him inside, I took all of him in me.
Then he asked: 'Would you please turn round, keeping my dick inside, so that I can enjoy looking at your body?' I said I would like to try that and I did. One has to move careful, not to loose the dick while turning, but I succeeded. It sure is a great experience to 'manipulate' both sex-tools like that!
Then I started to ride Mischa until I orgasmed right before him; the sight and feeling of my inner muscles contracting made him orgasm intensely and I collapsed on Mischa. As I got back to myself again I rolled off, carefully holding his well filled condom and hanging it on the first clip reserved for Kysia on the line.
We set down, I leaned on Mischa with my back to his chest, we were both looking at Kysia and John while he was giving my breasts and pussy a slow massage.
Then John started to orgasm and Kysia took her mouth off putting the champagne glass in place. John produced a huge load; Kysia milked the last drop out and kissed his glance and then John's lips. 'Well done!', she said.
Now the men watched me as I took over the glass; Kysia took her condom from the line, went over to me, and started to empty it in the glass...
When she had done that, she stirred the cum with her finger, then licked it clean. I putted the glass to my lips and drank about half of it and handed the glass who emptied it, cleaning it with her finger, giving it to me to lick it of, then she licked the rest out of the glass.
I said to John and Mischa, that they could empty their sacks from now on wherever they liked as Kysia and I had become so intimate that we had become 'cum sisters'...
We took a break and a drink while John licked Kysia to get off. Meanwhile she had another glass of champagne that Mischa had poured in, in the glass we emptied before. I took over the glass preventing it from falling before she orgasmed.
We took another swim and then continued where we had stopped; we went on till all of us were exhausted...