This is a true story. My neighbor is a hot little platinum blond and divorced mom who gets me hard every time I see her naked ... which is all the time!
She's also determined and hard working. She's struggled through some pretty serious issues with her kids, her divorce, and herself and came out bruised but undefeated. Every day she stays positive, gets it done, and lifts up everyone around her. Plus, she's got the energy of the Energizer bunny.
But I know! I know! You're not here to read about how wonderful a human being she is!
So this sexy story begins soon after we moved into the neighborhood, across the street from a sporty family. Her family. She has a few kids and was still married then. It didn't take long before I noticed the drapes in the master suite never seemed to close. I hadn't seen anything at that point other than clothed neighbors (sometimes in robes or jammies) doing normal, non-sexy things. I've just never had neighbors who didn't close their drapes at night, that's all. So ok, whatever. They didn't close their drapes. Different strokes for different folks, right?
Then I got to know her a little bit at a couple neighborhood parties. She was cool and had emotional range. She was mostly a fun, feisty little firecracker but she was also trusting and vulnerable enough to talk about real, deep emotions. And when she spoke, she was present and earnest. A phony she is not. I liked her!
On top of being fun, she is also fun sized! And hot. She's average height, around 5'4", and skinny. I'm guessing 100 to 110 pounds. She's a sexy little pixie. A waif. A nymph. A fit, petite hottie.
She's got straight, platinum blond hair styled into a bob. On top, her hair parts neatly in the center and curves in slightly around the bottom to meet the back of her neck and jawline. She doesn't have bangs so often has to toss her hair from her eyes. It seems like not one platinum hair is out of place which gives the impression of a sleek, stylish helmet.
Her face reminds me of Angelina Jolie with her big, bright eyes, full lips, big teeth, big smile, slightly sunken cheeks, and square jawline. Her little button nose is much cuter than Angelina's, though. She doesn't need and barely wears makeup. She's beautiful.
She wore baggy sweats to the parties which seemed out of place since it didn't jive with the occasions or her coiffed platinum helmet. Looking back, I think I understand why. She's very much into warmth and comfort but baggy cloths also have another benefit ... they hide her crazy fit body. She probably didn't want all the fat wives hating her tight little ass! A wise choice but I could still see that everything about her body was long and slender. What I didn't know then was just how sexy her body was and just how well I'd get to know it.
Then, a few months later, right as I was opening my bedroom drapes one morning, she came out of her bathroom completely naked! Wow!
In the few seconds I had, I saw a body like a budding teenager! Sex was just dripping off her as she pranced around naked except for the white towel wrapping her head.
She was lean, fit, and so very healthy and obviously worked very hard for years to stay tuned up. She was feminine and lithe with no tattoos, just acres of clear skin. Her tummy was flat and her waist tiny. And then there was her tits and ass.
She had perfectly shaped A-cups, so erect and firm, with small aureoles and stiff, pointy nipples standing at attention. I love, love, love, her perkies!
And her ass! She was so fit that I expected flat and bony. Plus, there had to be something not 100% awesome, right? Nope. Somehow her ass was so tight that she barely had a butt crease yet was still curvy enough to have a fantastic booty bump ... an absolutely mouthwatering little round bubble butt. She also had a prominent tailbone ... just to complete the whole picture.
My first time seeing her was a terrific 10 seconds or so! Haha! I got quite an eyeful in those 10 seconds.
For a long time after that, I'd catch her partially or fully nude every once in a while, mostly by random chance. I mean, I developed a general idea of her routines and had some clue about luckier times but I wasn't taking time out of my busy life just to sneak a peek. I've had too many steamy experiences with gorgeous women to go out of my way just to see but not touch.
Then COVID hit and I started working 8 hours a day in my office which has a terrific view of her bedroom! And to add a little extra spice to this plot, a few months before that, I jokingly asked if she killed her hubby (I hadn't seen him in a while). Nope, she didn't kill him but was separated and getting divorced!
Oh, Lordy!
The extra benefit of working from home became clear almost immediately. She wakes up very early for her job and gets home very early around noon always looking like she's just come from a fabulous fashion shoot. She's one of the best dressed, most stylish women I've ever known. Never garish and always striking the perfect balance between responsible professional and tastefully sexy woman. With as much care as she puts into her outfits, you'd think she'd want to wear them longer but she can't strip them off fast enough! If she's home for the day, she's usually back wearing her sweats within minutes of coming home.
The movement of her zipping around from one side of her bedroom to the other is what usually catches my eye and pulls my attention away from my work and onto her. It's the highlight of my day when I get to see her throw off of those sexy but constricting work clothes and slip into her warm, comfy jammies! There's been exciting weeks I've seen her naked every single day. There's been disappointing weeks I didn't see her naked at all. Most weeks I catch her at least once or twice. She's usually topless but also bares her ass often enough. Although she has been completely naked after work, the norm is she swaps tops then swaps bottoms.
She does things a little differently each time which is part of what makes her so exciting. I never know what she'll do exactly!
She might take her blouse and bra off in front of the mirror and I'd see a fantastic reflection of her perpetually stiff nipples as she pivots side to side checking herself out for a minute before throwing another top on. She seems proud of her tits and while she checks herself out, so do I!
When she looks at herself in the mirror, does she sometimes wonder if she's good enough or pretty enough? If she ever does have that tinge of doubt, I wish she could reach her hand back, all the way back across the street and into my office and give a nice, firm squeeze to the rapidly growing bulge in my pants. If she could do that, she'd feel the reassuring, undeniable, growing truth right there in her hand. Without any words, she'd feel how hot and fuckable she is!
Anyways, she also might take her blouse and bra off directly in my line of sight. No need for mirror reflections! If this happens, her side is facing me and I'm seeing a beautiful profile of a gorgeous tit. Her tits are so firm their profile is pretty much the same with her standing up or bending over.
Or she might take her pants off but only if she's in my line of sight will I see anything good. She wears pants more than skirts and since she rarely wear panties, I get to see her tight little ass as soon as she bends over to drop her pants to the floor and step out of them. Then, I get to see her ass completely bent over as she picks up her sweatpants off the floor. Next, I'll see her bare ass spread a little as one knee goes up then the other to put on her sweatpants. Finally, she might do a little hop or two to get the sweatpants up and over her sexy little booty bump. When she hops, seeing her tight ass bounce is a very special treat. All this I could be seeing with her ass pointed straight at me or from the side or both if she pivots.
Adding to the thrill is that she's also an avid fashionista! Stylish clothes and seeing how she looks in them are one of her passions. She loves, loves, loves trying on outfits. Many outfits, especially if she's just gone shopping. So, she may try on quite a few outfits before she finally ends up in her sweats. I get to see so much of her tight little body as she enthusiastically rips off tops and bottoms.
After a few months of constantly seeing her nubile body, I started to wonder if she had any idea I could see her. Could my luck really be this good? Could someone with open drapes get naked as often as her and not know or wonder if someone might see them? Does she even care?
I decided to call attention to where I was all day and see what happened. We texted once and I mentioned I was stuck in my home office all day because of COVID. I also hollered out to her from my office a couple times when she was outside in front of her house.
Nothing changed! She knew where I was all day but still kept taking her clothes off in front of me.
The thought that she might be letting me see her naked was really getting me horny. But I still didn't really know if that's what she was doing. I thought I caught her looking over at me a few times and it got me thinking maybe she was sometime putting on shows for me? Not all the time but sometime? On the other hand, maybe she just isn't ever paying any attention and I'm imagining things? Does she know someone might see her but she doesn't care? Does she want someone to see her? Does she want me to see her? I had to know! It would be so much hotter if I knew for sure she was flashing me on purpose ... if I knew she was getting off on getting me off!
But how was I going to find out if she knows I can see her and if she's into it? After some thought, I decided there was only one way ... I'd have to tell her myself and see what she does! I catch an extra special show every once in a while so the best time to tell her would be immediately after her next "special". She might slam her drapes shut and never open them again. Or much worse! I decided to go for it anyways.
I immediately felt better after I decided to tell her. I've always been confident around the ladies and telling them directly what was on my mind almost always worked out for the better. At the very least I got respect but often much more than that! I wanted her to know. After that it would be up to her if I ever got lucky again. Ladies choice! It seemed only right.
After I decided to go bold, I only had to wait a couple weeks for my opportunity.
A March Sunday morning
It was spring. I was in my office in front of my computer on a bright Sunday morning, probably shopping. At some point, a flash caught my eye so I turned to look. The sun was still low enough on the horizon to cast a beam across her bedroom through her window. The flash was my gorgeous neighbor walking around her bedroom, stepping into and out of the intense beam of morning sunlight. She had obviously just come from the shower. She was completely nude, other than the towel wrapping her head. Wow! In the beam, her whole body glowed intensely, literally radiating. She was spectacular! She seemed calmer than usual. Her movements were slower and, although she did dart off out of view a couple times, she mostly stayed in view. Basking in the sunlight with her left side facing me, she started using a glove to either exfoliate or put lotion on her arms. I think lotion but I'm not sure. For a good minute, she rubbed the glove over one arm starting at her shoulder and ending at her wrist. Then her other arm got the same attention for another minute. She squinted against the sun and very slightly thrust her lips forward, concentrating on her task. I could see everything. Her square jawline, her long, thin neck and clavicle, her defined left shoulder and arm, the curve of her shoulder blade all the way down to the small of her back, the bump of her tight ass, her pelvic bone down to her thigh, her little pussy mound, her flat, defined tummy, and her firm, erect tits which danced with every circle she made with her glove.
Then it was time for her legs. She moved out of the sunbeam and over to her low dresser and wall mounted mirror. Her back was to me as she swung a leg up and propped her heel on top of the dresser! Her leg was perfectly straight, toes pointing at the wall. Her room was very bright so, while she wasn't blazing anymore, I could still see her bare backside clearly ... including her topless front reflected in the mirror! Just like her arms, she rubbed one leg for about a minute then her other leg. She was so tempting in this position rubbing her outer and inner thighs but I'll never forget her incredible ass as she bent over, stretching to rub her shins and calves. As she stretched, I saw her beautiful tits and face almost looking at me as she looked at herself in the mirror. I saw her entire back taper all the way down to her tiny waist and ass. Her tight ass was on full display and was the star of this amazing show. With one foot planted on the ground and the other up on the dresser, her ass spread slightly as she bent over. I strained to see her pussy from behind but just couldn't ... a fucking shadow! Her pussy was right there! So close!
That's part of her body I'm most curious about ... since I know the least about it. Her yoni. Her pussy. I've seen her inviting pussy mound in the sunlight but I have no idea if she's a trimmed natural blonde or completely smooth. But her pubic hair is not my real curiosity. My real curiosity is much more pornographic! A pussy is such a turn on no matter what but I'm a real freak for certain types. It would drive me crazy if I knew she had a huge clit. I had so much fun with one special lady that I developed a huge huge-clit fetish! It would also drive me crazy if I knew she had huge labia. A different special lady but same result: a fetish. They're so incredibly inviting when engorged and spread like pink butterfly wings. They make me want to dive in and please, please, please! I don't know what I'd do if I found out she had both. That might cause actual physical pain! Anyways, I'm guessing her yoni is tidy and petite just like the rest of her. It probably even glistens like she does! Wish I knew!
Anyways, her amazing show was over.
I had to come up with something clever to text her right away but my cock was throbbing and wasn't going to behave anytime soon! I was so horny I couldn't think straight and was worried I'd fuck up the delivery! I wanted to fuck so bad! I had to take a few minutes to calm down.
After I took the time I needed, this was our chat:
Me:hey, did you get a kitty cat?
Her:lol, no have you seen a cat around?
Me:Yeah! Every once in a while I see this kitty over there. She was in the sun a few minutes ago.
Me:She moves around a lot so i'm hard getting a good look but she's posh and blonde... a great looking little kitty.
Her:Not yet but I'm going to look, I love kitties!
Me:This one really looks good. Want me to let you know when I see her?
Her:yes!
Me:Cool! Sunny mornings like this are the best times. She kinda glows in the sunlight and looks spectacular! 😛
With the tight deadline and as smutty as my thoughts were, I thought I did alright. I was breezy. She engaged. I dropped some really good hints and even snuck in the "mistake" that I was hard. God, I was a steel rod! Anyways, since our chat was only minutes after she pranced around naked in the sunlight plus all the hints I was dropping, I was hoping she'd connect the dots. That said, I'm pretty sure she just thought I was chatting about some freaky, homeless cat! Haha!
I think my silly word game was too clever by half. And even if she did get it, she could just play along as if she didn't which gets us nowhere. Ok, lesson learned. Nothing ventured, nothing gained! Next time would be no bullshit, less chatty, and more straightforward. If I was lucky enough to catch another special exhibition, she'd know I had a front row seat!
After that, things went right back to normal. When she got home from work, there was a pretty good chance I'd see her taking her clothes off. She was living her life and I was admiring. I really am thankful for this beautiful woman!
An April Tuesday morning
Then, as luck would have it, about three weeks after my cat fiasco her car was still in her driveway on a weekday morning ... it was her day off. Her days off are bursting with potential! I'm in my office working and she's home all day ... and she loves changing outfits! She has a little free time for herself, she's more relaxed, she can slow down a bit and enjoy herself. And if it happens to be sunny, especially in the morning, that really brightens up her room and heightens my anticipation. The chances are good my favorite neighbor will distract me from work, sometimes more than once. She was off. It was a sunny morning. I was optimistic.
I just started a work meeting when her movement caught my eye. She just came out of the shower and was walking around in her robe with her towel on her head. The way she moved I could tell she was in a great mood.
I was expecting her to futz around in her robe for a bit before eventually trying on outfits but that's not what happened. She threw off her robe suddenly and hopped up on her bed completely naked. She was checking herself out head to toe in the mirror and I was seeing everything she was! Hands on hips, she rotated her torso checking out her firm little titties from both sides then gave them a little squeeze. She has the nicest tits and I think she'd agree. Then she did a spinning hop and, when she landed, looked over her shoulder and pointed her ass at the mirror. She playfully wiggled her tight little ass at herself then smacked it, obviously pleased with what she saw. She was in such a great mood that she even jumped up and down on the bed a few times before hopping off and bounding into the bathroom! I think she was laughing! The whole thing didn't last long but what a show! God, her tits and ass are just so tight. Every time she jumped they bounced just right. So firm! She definitely had the best time up there.
Within a minute of her jumping naked off the bed and disappearing into the bathroom, I texted her:
Me:😍
Me:Love it!
I told her. Short and sweet.
If she read it right away, she understood. She's attached to her phone so she probably did see it right away. Her drapes didn't slam shut and she didn't try to be coy or deflect or deny anything by replying with something like "Love what?"
She never responded. She. Just. Took. It. She was perfect!
After she read my message, I hope I boosted how confident and hot and sexy and fun and playful and naughty she felt on top of that bed because those were the vibes I was sending!
For the next few days, I paid attention to see if her drapes closed or if I could tell her habits changed for additional privacy. I didn't notice anything different. I hadn't seen her in the buff for those few days but that wasn't totally unusual. She was still just doing her thing ... including on the day she finally came home and stripped off all her work clothes!
Oh, that felt so good! She was OK with us, with me. Was she more than OK? That was such a horny moment she gave me! She gave me permission! Plus, now she controlled when and how much we played. Our game could be played on her terms and that's how it should be. God, she's such a great neighbor!
We got right back to our routine where her getting naked after work would catch my eye. She wasn't doing anything different but our routine was so much hotter now just knowing that she knew I might be watching and she was still taking her clothes off anyways.
A May Saturday night
About a month later I was folding laundry in my bedroom around 11pm on a Saturday night when I noticed she was in her bedroom, too. She was going in and out of her brightly lit walk-in closet. I could see her clearly. She'd take a piece of clothing off the rack, walk it over to her mirror (which I can't see from my bedroom) then walk back into her closet and hang it back up. I didn't pay her too much attention. I had a mountain of clothes to fold and it seemed like she was just playing fashionista while not getting naked. About 10 minutes later, I finished putting my clothes away and looked out my window. She was in her closet completely naked!
I was rock hard in seconds since I knew, really for the first time, she was putting on a show for me. First, there was our recent history. Next, she could see me just as clearly as I could see her, which was unusual. When it's daytime and I'm in my office, I'm guessing she only sees my silhouette. Finally, I did see her glance over at me earlier while I was folding laundry.
It was on!
I leaned back on my bed, facing her, and settled in for the show. She'd be totally naked for a couple minutes as she'd take off an outfit, hang it up, look for another outfit, then try on the new one. Then she'd walk out of her closet, disappearing from my view as she went to look at herself in the mirror. Finally, she would reappear a moment later as she walked back into the closet and repeat the cycle. When she got naked the second time, I unleashed my now throbbing cock from my pants. It would have been impolite not to! She was getting naked in full view of me and I was stroking in full view of her. She'd be getting a big eyeful whenever she looked over at me and I wanted to give her a great show for all the times she's done the same for me.
She was trying on outfits for too long ... about a half hour ... another reason I knew she was giving me a show. It's also a very long time to be edging! My balls were aching and my cum wanted to leap out when all of a sudden she walked into the closet and shut off the light! I swear I could feel her watching me from the darkness. I almost came right then and there knowing she must have looked over, saw me stroking, and decided she wanted to spy. Now we were really playing together!
No way was I going to disappoint! A huge wave of big cock energy crashed over me. I got up, slowly adjusted the comforter with my stiff cock swinging, settled back into my spot and, with a naughty grin on my face, stared directly into the shadow she was watching me from and started stroking again, slower this time. I was going to make this last. I was imagining and moving like she was in my lap and we were slow fucking. I got so into it that I even started talking dirty saying things out loud like "Put your tit in my mouth" and "We're such friendly neighbors".
She had been watching from the darkness for a long time, maybe 10 minutes, before she came out of her closet, walked out of view, and came back to the safety of her shadow less than a minute later. She was wearing the same outfit! She didn't change in those 10 minutes!
Still stroking, I said "I know you're watching" to the blonde kitty hiding in her shadow. "Come out and play", I moaned, my long cock surging at her. Was she fingering herself in the dark? I wanted her to play boldly with me ... to flick on the light and show me she was just as horny as I was. She was being shy though and after another 10 minutes of hiding, she again emerged from her shadow briefly and promptly returned again.
"I've been stroking for you for so long", I said out loud. It was almost midnight and I had been edging for her for about 45 minutes total. About half that time I was watching her and the other half she was watching me. I can't describe how badly I wanted to release but I also wanted to keep going. It was so fucking hot imagining what she must be feeling and what she was doing from the safety of her shadow.
In an almost hypnotic state of erotic bliss, my mind started to wander. I'd get lost imagining us playing. One of my favorite scenes was her moaning "Ohh! My pussy is gripping you. Can you feel it?" I was grasping her tiny waist and properly fucking her from behind when I looked down to see her pussy gripping my cock. "I feel you!", I roar as I slap then spread her ass. "Oh, fuck", she whimpers before burying her face in her pillow and reaching back between her legs to cradle my balls, signaling that she was ready for me to go deeper.
Back to reality though, she was only in her shadow a few more minutes before she came out for the last time and shut off her room lights. Just like that sexy fun time was over and I finally released three massive loads of cum. I'm usually full of cum but that night was an incredible amount!
It was midnight when I texted her"more!"
Clearly, I was a greedy, delirious idiot! We just treated each other to an amazing, unanticipated night of naughtiness and now was not the time for "more", it was time to dream sweetly. What an idiot! Haha!
She never responded, maintaining her "plausible deniability". That was fine, I guess, but we just played so good together that I was hoping to wrap it up with a little less "plausible deniability" and a little more "partners in crime".
Anyways, if there was ever a night where she slipped into bed with an achy, drippy pussy, furiously jilled off until her clitty exploded while my name was on her lips and then had the deepest, most relaxing sleep, I hope it was this night. I had the best night sleep after starting off folding laundry and ending up playing with my naughty neighbor for an hour.
On Monday, we got right back to our usual routine with her getting naked after work.
I remember one day she looked over her shoulder at me for a split second, immediately pulled her top off and literally threw it on the floor. She cupped her tits, looked herself over for a few seconds in the mirror, then darted off toward the bathroom. It made me realize she cups her tits a lot when she thinks I might be looking. Maybe it's a modesty reflex? Maybe she's teasing? Whatever! It's a thrill!
Her internal tension between good girl and bad girl started me wondering if she's ever been really naughty or if she could even be that naughty. I'm talking about something more than dating a couple dudes at the same time or pretending to have no idea the neighbor can see your hot body ... oopsie! Naughty, like the time my gorgeous girlfriend had to leave Suzanne's party early. Suzanne hugged her, thanked her for coming, closed the door and, with fuck-me eyes, asked if I could help her clean up after the party. Suzanne had no problem being naughty. And we were naughty in almost every room in her house until I finally left in the morning.
Or naughty like when my married co-worker asked to ride along to pick up the hardcopies. She dropped enough hints on the way to the printshop that, on the way back, I confiscated her panties, made her lean back and ride around with her knees up by her head while we both took turns fingering her pussy. She wanted to be naughty and I confiscated a few more panties after that.
Or naughty like the time my hair stylist, who was getting married in a few months, offered to cut my hair at her place. When I got there, she was wearing the shortest short-shorts so I explored while she held sharp scissors! She said it was the hardest but the funnest haircut she'd ever given. We skipped the haircuts after that. She wanted to be very naughty before getting married.
These are just a few of the amazing encounters I've had with women. I'm not flashy, jacked, or popular and didn't have money back then but I am open to possibilities. I'm also tall, decent looking, quietly confident and wry and some ladies can sense that I'm what they're looking for: a thrill seeker who can deliver on adventurous, explosive sexual encounters that no one else will find out about because I'm smart, careful, not a psycho, keep my mouth shut, and won't get clingy because I've got my own thing going on.
But just because some ladies want to play doesn't mean I let them! I don't do train wrecks or ugly and I've steered clear of quite a few!
Anyways, my neighbor isn't ugly, doesn't seem like a train wreck, and she has a high-performance body that's built to be so naughty. Sure, a race car can go the speed limit but that's like having ho-hum routine sex with some doughy schlub sporting a semi-limp dick. It might be better than nothing but it's definitely not as hot as breaking the rules to secretly meet someone you shouldn't be meeting and having a loud, rowdy, cock throbbing, pussy dripping, ass smacking, cum-filled, forbidden and very oral fuck session. Many people truly have no desire to walk on this wild side, though. Many people fantasize but would flake. If she would, I wonder if she could. If she could, I wonder if she would.
And if she could and would, is she any good? All my past very attractive playmates have been either the least fun and least passionate playmates or the most fun and most passionate. She's very attractive. I wonder how fun and passionate she is.
I decided then not to push this, to let her keep her "plausible deniability" and just sit back, relax, and enjoy our unspoken thing. Even if nothing else happens, I'm still way ahead, especially after our last hour-long session! Besides, she was keeping it fun by continuing to get naked after work. Gotta keep it fun!
Then, after about a month and a half of the usual hit or miss lunchtime nakedness, something special did happen again.
A July Thursday around noon
When she gets home, she usually swaps tops then swaps bottoms in front of the mirror and I see her reflection. This time she stripped completely naked in my direct line of sight before going fashionista and trying on an outfit. It wasn't just that though. I could tell by the way she tore off her work blouse and threw it to the floor that she was in one of her amazing moods again! This was going to be another "special".
Staying mostly in my direct line of sight, she tried on about 4 or 5 outfits, going completely commando after each. Then, she suddenly hopped up on her bed totally naked and from then on it was deja vu from the last time she hopped up on her bed. There was spinning and jumping and laughing and wiggling and smacking and it was fucking awesome even if it didn't last very long before she bounded off to her bathroom.
And, just like the last time she was hopping around naked on her bed, I texted her right away:
Me:So much fun!
Her:was this supposed to be sent to me? Lol
Me:So. Much. Fun! ;)
Her:I'm missing the fun!
Me:You are the fun jumping around totally naked! You look INCREDIBLE BTW! You must work really hard to have that 20-something body! You're 32, right? 😉
She's 40-something.
She actually replied and I took that opportunity to finally just flat out tell her I saw her naked. She'd either have a negative reaction or her pussy would gush. She deserved a gushing pussy so I tried my best to nudge her in that direction.
Only she knows if there was gushing but I do know she didn't reply to me after that. She. Just. Took. It. Again.
I also know her after-work shows the following week were better than average.
Mmm. I hope more than once she's fallen asleep with her delicate fingers slipping in and out of her wet pussy thinking about how we play.
So that's where we are today. I still see her naked all the time. Actually, I've seen her so many times that what really gets me horny these days is anything she does that's teasing or playful. Occasionally, she'll zip across my field of view with her tits out while looking over at me. Or she'll zip across my field of view fully clothed while looking over at me then, seconds later, back right up to the window and drop her pants. There's really nothing like her bent over bare ass! God I love how we play so nice together.
Even our random texts about neighborhood stuff are still just as friendly-jokey as ever but it has been a few months since her last special show. Maybe we're coming out of winter and winter doesn't mix well with naked? Maybe I just haven't caught a show as I go about living my life and my business? Who knows. All I know is if I ever catch a big show again, she's getting a text right away.
That's our neighborly story.
Should I stay chill, be satisfied with the status quo, and accept her "plausible deniability" or should I make a play to get her to engage in more adventurous "partners in crime" naughtiness? Any of you fellow deviants out there have any horny ideas for opening her up to the possibilities? Tell me in the comments! Thanks!
That's enough reality. Time to share a fantasy!
I pull away from my work monitor to see her standing in her bedroom, bathed in a bright beam of sunlight. She's looking right at me! She's in full view and I can't see curtains at all. She never pulls her curtains completely open and never just stands still looking directly at me. She looks a little nervous. I don't know what's happening but I turn my body toward her and wave, giving her my full attention. She gives a little wave back. We've never waved bedroom to office, either. What's she doing? Will she zoom off and disappear on me?
She looks down and very slowly lifts up her blouse from the bottom, exposing her flat, tone tummy. She stops just before her tits. After a few seconds, she lets go and her blouse falls back down. WTF!? She literally has me on the edge of my seat! She looks back up and is shooting me with this mischievous smile. Where is this going? Is she teasing good or teasing bad!? Did she just toy with me but now the show's over and she's thinking "oh, by the way, fuck off asshole" or is she's really going to give me a show? But then she starts slowly lifting her blouse again and again stops just short of her tits before finally pulling it over her head and tosses it to the floor. Her titties were exposed for a split second before she palmed them. OMG ... the look on her face! She's going to put on a show while toying with me, fucking with me, and teasing me! She gets it! This is for her as much as for me. So. Much. Fun!
After a few more seconds, she lets go of the last of her hesitation and nerves and drops her arms, fully showing me her tits. That was the last of her "plausible deniability". Now we're "partners in crime". I can tell she feels great and is having an amazing time by the way her whole body sways while running her fingers slowly through her hair with one hand and propping the other on her hip. She turns to her left side and shoots me a toothy smile. With all the posing she does she must know her tits have the most amazing profile. She's making sure I see all her best angles. She is being so nice to me. Her A-cups have never been so inviting. They're saluting me! She slowly turns to one side then the other, making sure I get a great profile view of each titty. I can tell she feels amazing and what a rush it must be showing herself like this especially knowing just how much I enjoy her perky little titties! Would she give her nipples a little tug to get them really hard? How generous a show would she give me? She sees she's got my full attention and she's loving it! Like she has many times before, she turns her back to me to take off her pants except this time she's very slow. She wiggles her pants down around her knees. Of course, she wasn't wearing panties so her bare, perfect ass is already on full display. She lifts one leg then the other to take her pants off and tosses them on the floor. Completely naked now, she looks over her shoulder at me, adoring me adoring her. Staying in the sunbeam, she gets a little closer to the window to make sure she's giving me the best possible view of her from behind. She really knows all her best angles and poses! She rears up on her toes arching her long, slender back and smacks her firm, little ass. She bites her lip. She can feel her feminine power and my desire. With her arched back and perky ass sticking out, she knows exactly what I would do to her.
Then she did a few jumping jacks, flexed her arms, and started laughing hysterically! What?! Oh, she's giddy because we're both having such a great time!
She got right back to sexy, fun time and started slow dancing for a minute while squeezing her tits and tugging her nipples. Finally! She wrapped up by slowly slipping her sweatpants on then slowly sliding her sweatshirt on. We gave each other a little goodbye wave after just having the best time ever. "You're my favorite neighbor!", I text her. "Gotta keep it fun" she replied. I wonder what possibility my new partner in crime is up for next!