James and Emma were a new couple, and they were in the phase of their relationship where they couldn't keep their hands off each other. Anytime they were together they would be all over each other, holding hands, hugging or even making out, often to the disgust of those around to witness it.
James and Emma also liked to play a game. What had started out as the innocent event of Emma's nipples standing hard and pointed under her shirt while they were out in public one day had set something off inside both of them. Despite the fact that nobody had noticed, the idea that somebody could have seen, drove Emma wild. And James loved to drive her wild. Now any chance they got, they would try and out do the previous dare. The game was on.
At first it started out slow. While in an elevator going down with people, they would stand in the back behind everyone and subtly James would squeeze her arse. This would send Emma crazy. As people got out of the elevator, they stayed on. This time as the elevator went up, Emma grabbed James's crotch through his jeans. Nobody in the elevator in front of them had noticed.
They decided to take it further, they headed to the cinemas and bought tickets to a movie they knew wouldn't be too crowded. They found seats up the back, the closest people were three rows in front. As the lights dimmed and the trailers started James and Emma looked at each other, both of them sporting a wide grin. James was the first to act; sliding one of his hands quietly under Emma's shirt, caressing her stomach. Emma closed her eyes and breathed in and then slowly out. She was already loving this and was excited to see where it would lead. She placed both her arms on the arm rests on either side of her, keeping her eyes closed. James's hand slowly slid up from her stomach to under her bra. James grabbed the breast beneath the cup of the bra, massaging it in his hand to Emma's delight. He then started to tweak her nipple which caused her to stir slightly in her seat.
He took this as a sign that he should investigate lower. Pulling his hand out from her shirt, he then slid his hand beneath Emma's jeans and under her underwear. Emma let out a quiet gasp as James's hand brushed over her Vagina. He could tell she was loving it, as her underwear was soaked in excitement. James removed his hand from her jeans, kissed her on the cheek and faced the screen with a big grin on his face. Emma realized it was her turn. While everyone in the Cinema was paying attention to what was happening on the screen in front of them, Emma got out of her seat and on her knees in front of James. Looking up at him with both hands behind her back, a few seconds later she was pulling her bra out from one of the sleeves of her shirt. She showed it to James before throwing it behind his seat for some stranger to find later. She lifted up her shirt exposing her bare breasts to James while sticking out her tongue in a flirty manner.
She lowered her shirt covering her breasts again and had a quick look around to make sure nobody had noticed what was happening in the back of the cinema. Once she knew it was clear to continue, she quietly unbuttoned and unzipped James's jeans and reached into his boxers helping his penis through the fly. She looked up at him before quickly taking all of his semi erect penis in her mouth. He grew hard almost immediately after her lips reached the base of his dick. The sudden growth inside her mouth almost made her choke, but she knew she had to stay as quiet as possible. As far as anyone in the cinema knew, someone in the back just needed to cough.
Emma started to suck James's dick but it wasn't long until James realized there was an Usher doing the rounds; checking the aisles. With some quick thinking he grabbed his jacket that he had placed on the seat next to him and covered Emma with her head deep in his lap. The usher had a quick look down the row from the far side and then continued on. He hadn't noticed anything, the close call only made them both hornier. James removed the jacket from over Emma who if anything had seemed to enjoy being hidden while sucking on his dick.
Emma continued to suck James's dick until she could tell he was getting closer to that tipping point. She decided she would finish him off with her hands but figured he deserved some place to spray his seed. While still kneeling in front of James, Emma lifted her shirt again exposing her breasts before taking hold of his hard and wet dick. She started to pump his shaft, holding tightly with one hand speeding up but still remaining quiet enough to avoid being heard. It didn't take long before James started shifting in his seat. He then stood up slightly standing over Emma before spraying his cum over her exposed breasts. James, Cumming so much that he was almost able to coat the entire surface of her breasts. He sat back down and Emma once again took James's dick in her mouth to make sure she cleaned up any excess cum. She then lowered her shirt over her tits, still covered in cum; leaving stains on her shirt.
James did up his jeans and realized he needed to return the favour. Getting down in front of Emma, he removed her shoes and pulled her jeans over her waist out from under her arse and takes them of completely leaving her sitting in her seat in her underwear and cum stained shirt. He quickly slides her wet underwear off as well, taking them and puts them in his jeans back pocket. Emma is sitting in the back of a Cinema with people no further than 3 metres away from her, as she sits in nothing but a wet cum stained shirt and nothing else. She closes her eyes and feels James's fingers gently sliding along her clit. She feels the seat moisten below her, which only makes her wetter.
James finds the spot that sends Emma off in a spin, she is about to make a noise but feels James's hand covering her mouth, not allowing any sound to escape. He finds a rhythm with his fingers that makes her back arch and makes her breathing heavier. With one hand still covering her mouth from making any noise and the other massaging her clit, Emma goes into a few seconds of spasms before getting her breath back. James kisses Emma again and she puts back on her jeans and Shoes.
They wait out the rest of movie cuddled up together, when the credits start to roll, James hands Emma his jacket to wear over her stained shirt. They leave the Bra in the cinema and James still has her underwear in his back pocket. The movie has finished late and now the Mall is basically empty except for a few people heading home after the movie.
Emma spotted something, it was an elevator in the middle of the courtyard. It wasn't like the previous one they had been in. This one had one glass side overlooking a food court. Emma whispers something in James's ear that makes him smile. They wait around for another five minutes before they couldn't see anyone anymore and stroll over to the elevator and press the call button.
The elevator arrived on the top level where they were waiting and was empty, just like they expected. They got in and looked out through the glass pane out over the food court. They pressed the button for the parking garage which was located on the basement floor; 8 floors down. When the doors closed and the elevator started to move they wasted no time. Emma pulled her jeans down and bent over, leaning on the Glass looking out over the empty food court. James pulled down his jeans and boxers just as fast, before sliding his already hard dick between Emma's Legs which she was already holding apart to allow James's dick into her pussy.
He started to fuck her as hard as he could as the scenery moved past them outside the elevator. They knew they wouldn't get to finish, that didn't matter to them. All they cared about was that they were fucking in full view in a public place. James continued to pound at Emma's pussy as her face was pressed up against the glass watching the levels go by.
As they passed by the ground floor and started heading into the basement level they stopped and quickly made themselves presentable so that they could exit the elevator as if nothing had ever happened. The doors started to open as they looked at each other again with smiles as they had timed it perfectly, but there was something outside the elevator. As the doors opened they realized someone was standing outside the elevator.
When the doors had completely opened they realized it was a Mall Security guard that blocked their way, and he didn't look happy. The Security guard pointed up towards a corner of the elevator. They both turned to see where he was pointing, noticing a small security camera located in the back corner of the elevator. They had been busted, the Security guard motioned for them to follow him.
Following him back to the security office, they both gave each other a look as if to say "Oops". They took seats, sitting next to each other in the small office. After what was a long awkward silence with the security guard looking back and forth between James and Emma and shaking his head he finally uttered "Aren't you two a little old for something like this? The two sixty year olds looked at each other and laughed awkwardly.
"You two wait here, I'll be right back. No moving!" Said the security guard. A few minutes later he returned to an empty office finding only a pair of underwear on one of the chairs.