I had a lot of mowing to do this year! Over the winter, I had purchased a two acre lot behind my house. It had been neglected for a few years now, weeds growing tall until occasionally a farmer would cut it down with a tractor. This year, though, I wanted to keep it mowed, so at the first sign of growing this spring, I jumped on the rider and proceeded to the end of the lot to begin. The neighbors, Becky and Tom, were about ten years younger than me. She was not beautiful, but not hard to look at, and Tom was not very friendly, so communication was just kept to an occasional wave.
I started mowing back and forth, each pass heading towards their house, turning, then back the other way. After mowing for about an hour, I was coming up to the back of the house where their deck is located. Becky is a teacher at the local elementary school, and school was out for the year. On one pass, I noticed that she had come out and laid in a chaise in her bikini. She looked very sexy, beautiful breasts and very long legs.
We did our usual wave, and I would look forward to every pass so I could get another look at her. When I was almost finished, she stood up and slowly walked into the house. I was going to enjoy mowing this year.
The next week was another warm sunny day, and again I started the mower planning on another two hours. Again, an hour into it, I would reach their deck, and again she appeared with a very small suit on, the top barely containing her tits, and the bottom a mere thong. Wow, she looked great! When mowing, I always wear just baggy athletic shorts and no underwear to feel cooler, and at the sight of Becky, my cock started growing.
Again the usual wave, and again when finishing, she slowly walked into the house. I pulled the mower into the barn, waiting for a minute for the tent in my shorts to go down.
Again the next week it was time, and I was really looking forward to it! This time when getting across from the deck, I didn't see her outside, but looking at their picture window by the deck, my mouth dropped, because she was standing in the window naked! My cock got hard and was working its way out of the leg of my shorts. The deck was only about 30 feet from the property line, so not only could I see her in the window, but she could also see my cock snaking out of my shorts. No one can see the inside of the barn, so upon pulling the mower in, I pulled down my shorts and started jacking off, shooting a stream of cum across the floor.
I couldn't wait to see what awaited me for the next time! As usual, the first hour went by, and I was counting the minutes to when the deck would come into view. Nothing. Back and forth, and still nothing. Disappointed, I finished and headed to the barn. After each job I sweep the grass from the mower, and was about to close the doors when Becky appeared at the doorway. She was wearing the same small suit as the other day.
She said she would like to see my mower, since she and her husband had been thinking about buying a zero-turn. It was very hot in the barn and within minutes we were both sweating. With no air flow, it was running down our bodies. Talking about the mower, my eyes were watching the beads if sweat running between her tits and down to the little patch covering her pussy. She noticed my stare, and asked if I liked what I saw. I said that I sure did, and she asked me if I liked the view last week through her window. Likewise, I said very much.
By now, our hair was sticking to our face, we were so sweaty. She stepped closer, smiled, and hooked her fingers into the waistband of my shorts, sliding them to the floor. I was rock hard by now, and she stared at my straining cock while pulling the strings holding her suit to her body. She turned and stooped over, giving me a look at her soaking wet pussy.
I must have looked pretty stupid, standing there with a raging hard on and my mouth hanging open. She didn't seem to notice as she started talking about the mower again, but now she had walked up to it and with her back still to me, put her elbows on the seat and bent over. Looking over her shoulder she smiled at me and motioned with her finger to come over. Walking up behind her, my cock pressed against her pussy, and grabbing it, she positioned it at her hole. It was like an oven in that barn, and shoving my cock in her was like putting it in a furnace.
We were soaking wet as I pounded her for all I was worth. There was no foreplay, just raw sex. It didn't take long, and we were both on our way to mutual orgasms. As we came down from our high, we noticed that we were standing in a pool of sweat. We put what little we were wearing back on and went to our separate homes giving each other the usual wave. I can't imagine what will be in store for next week!