I always thought dating an older man would be exciting but I never anticipated that being a stepmom would be the bigger thrill. "Stepmom" might be pushing it a little, I'm only 27 and my partner Stephen's son not long ago turned 18. Stephen and I met a year back when we were working in the same office. I could tell he liked me when he started making long detours just to walk past my desk. He was twice my age but had the young cheekiness I had always looked for in a partner.
I've always done well with guys, I'm short, fit, half Korean with big eyes, tanned skin and have learnt to play cute when I find someone I like. It took 6 months of dating before Stephen asked me to move in and I was introduced to his son Paul. At first I was worried Paul might not like me abruptly coming into his space but I quickly learnt how to play my cards around him.
I started to notice his lingering looks when I'd get dressed up. He'd always manage to find his way into the living room when I was having a shower knowing that I'd be sauntering out in a towel moments later. When I first wore a pair of heels in front of him he couldn't take his eyes off me, following my foot like a puppy watching a treat as I dangled my black stiletto on and off with my toes. At first I was creeped out, feeling like I needed to cover up but as I got to know him I started to think he was kind of cute. Awkward but harmless in that lanky deep voiced teenager kind of way.
I began getting a little flirty with him when his dad wasn't around, reaching up to scruff his mousy brown hair playfully, giving him a kiss on the cheek on the odd occasion I'd drop him off to school. I even managed to convince him to give me a foot rub once when we were alone on the couch. I intentionally wore an uncomfortably high pair of heeled sandals to work that day. I knew they were one of his favourites and teased that I couldn't possibly give him a lift to his friend's place with such sore little feet. I moaned with pleasure as his thumbs made their way all over my toes, heels and up my calves. He eventually faced his body away from mine presumably to hide any embarrassing little tent that might've been protruding from his shorts. I remember his pimply face turning bright red when I made him get down on the floor and put my heels back on for me. His red blushes were something that seemed to happen at the drop of a hat, but I was sure I'd just given him the highlight of his week.
The day I became surer Paul at least had the hots for me was when I opened my underwear draw and everything was in a slightly different position. I started paying extra attention after I noticed things mysteriously moving on their own in there. It could've been Stephen, but I didn't think so. Paul also seemed more than happy to offer to take laundry off the line which made me suspicious. I decided on buying cuter panties after seeing him pay extra attention to any undergarments of mine as he'd take them down.
Whenever his father was around Paul would be shy and closed off towards me, but I noticed that on our own I could get him to do just about anything. "Can you be a champ and fetch me another drink?", "Hey bestie I'm running late I'll owe you bigtime if you bring down my pair of ankle boots from upstairs"... He'd happily oblige. Not only was he was becoming my cute little pet, I wondered if he might be getting a crush. I'd never been confident enough to be very direct with guys before but Paul was just a bit of nonthreatening fun. Besides I felt good about myself thinking I had everyone under this roof chasing after me. Maybe bright red little faces would be my new hobby...
*****
Saturday mornings were Stephen's golf time which meant Paul and I always had the house to ourselves, giving me the perfect opportunity to enjoy my newfound power and see if I could push him a little further. "Paul why don't we work together on some chores this morning and we'll get everything done in half the time. I know your father would really appreciate it". He sheepishly walked out of his room. I looked up at him with my big brown eyes and pouted. "I'll make you a deal, I'll clean the kitchen if you do the laundry?" I asked in my cutesiest girly voice. I knew the occasional fiddle of my hair or twisting of my foot would always get his attention. My natural makeup look with two shiny black pigtails was bound to melt him as well. His eyes darted around as he muttered an awkward "ok Amy sure". He was pretending to be sarcastic.
I'd dressed to get my way while remaining casual enough to look like I had just thrown on pyjamas. I wore long black socks that went up just past my knees paired with a baggy T-shirt that worked as a kind of makeshift dress. I could start to feel it creep up towards my bum as I led Paul to the laundry, giving him an extra wiggle as I spoke.
"All the colors can go in together but when you sort them be sure to take out the whites and any G-strings" ... I didn't need to look over to know he was turning bright red again. I pulled out a piece of my tiniest lacy black lingerie that I'd strategically left near the top of the hamper. The front was almost see-through, and the back was nothing more than string with a cute little butterfly shaped triangle in the middle. "These all need to be hand washed so you'll have to fill up one of the plastic tubs with cold water and a few drops of detergent".
I handed him my panties and waited for his reaction with a devilish look in my eye. Paul is taller than I am, but the power was well and truly mine. Knowing the silence would be killing him I could see that he was trying to hide his excitement. "D-Do they need to soak?" he stammered grasping for anything to break the tension. I glanced down between his legs to see if I could spot a little bulge growing. "That's ok, once you've got the machine going you can hand wash my underwear at the same time. Any other types you find like briefs or boy shorts can go in the machine. You don't even have to be too careful with the thongs, they're mostly for the gym but just separate the more delicate G-strings like this one because they're more expensive". I delivered my instructions in the most matter of fact tone I could muster.
He must be wondering whether it was all in his head or if I was really flirting with him. I remember how horny I was at his age, the frustration would be driving him mad. Dangling myself in front of him like this knowing I held the keys to everything he wanted was intoxicating. Before he could speak, he tried to supress the nervously excited look that started to creep across his face. "Ok, I'm not sure I'll know the difference, but I'll call out if I get confused" he said trying to keep cool.
I thought I shouldn't tease him much more if I was going to continue to play dumb, but I figured I'd get one more thrill in before I left. "Here I'll show you. You can do these while you're at it". I twisted my body to the side only just covering myself, as I reached beneath my long top and pulled down the panties I'd been wearing all morning. I could feel his eyes on my tanned thighs and long socks desperately trying to catch a glimpse under my shirt. I avoided his eyes as I stood back up and moved inches away from him still acting like nothing was out of the ordinary.
I spoke softer as though someone might hear even though we were alone. "See these ones are just a thong, you can tell because they're a bit bigger". I flipped my navy-blue underwear over to show him the tiny strip of material at the back that had just been riding up my ass. "They're not supposed to fit perfectly snug between your butt cheeks the way my G-strings do. Also the material is courser, see feel". His almost trembling hands nervously met the back of the waistband touching near the tag of my panties. "You're so cute, I meant here" I taunted offhandedly as I moved his thumb to the front. His heart was clearly beating out of his chest as he nervously caressed the very part of my warm thong that both of us were pretending to ignore was just clutching my pussy a moment ago. "Oh, ok, um yeah I see... I'll be more careful with the other ones".
I began to skip past him but turned back before I left "You're the best Pauly!". I stretched up on my tippy toes, my socks nearly slipping on the tiles beneath me and planted a kiss on his cheek. My now nearly naked waist, covered only by my loose t-shirt just above my thighs pressed into his body for half a second. I could feel a rock-hard protrusion meet me before I leant back down again and skipped out the door, pretending to be oblivious. Clearly more action than he'd ever had, the poor guy probably looked like he was about to explode.
I spent the remainder of the morning fluttering about the house making sure to not leave Paul alone too long. He must be dying to relieve the pressure after spending the past half hour rubbing my panties to his heart's content but I wasn't going to let him off that easily. I was enjoying myself too much. I rushed upstairs to get ready for the final part of my fun. My heart raced as I felt the same kind of excitement I had as kid searching the house for Christmas presents when no one was home. Like I was doing something wrong but there was almost no chance I'd get caught, and I'd play dumb even if I did. I almost felt guilty tormenting him like this but he'd never had a girlfriend so I was kind of doing him a favor, how else would he get to see these kinds of things.
This must be the best weekend Paul's had in a while, I thought as I applied a hint of red lipgloss. I wonder if I can get his cheeks to go the same shade... I quickly ditched the socks and shirt and threw on a tight black top, my gleaming white tennis skirt, and finished the ensemble with the only pair of panties that I hadn't left in the hamper. A light pink thong with a dark trim outline and a little playboy bunny pattern on it. The material was small enough to disappear straight between my legs but bright enough to be almost visible through my skirt. They were a hit with his father, I had always wondered if they would be with Paul too.
"How's it hanging?" I called out to the backyard where Paul was attentively pegging our things to the clothesline. "Nearly done!" he confidently called back pretending not to notice my outfit change. "Gonna have a shower when I'm done, I've got a party to head to. The guys are picking me up in a couple of hours". That meant some alone time that I wasn't quite ready to let him have. "I can give you a lift home tonight if you like?" I offered. "That would be amazing Amy, cheers". This was as good an opportunity as any to make him work for it. "How about one last job and then you've got a deal?". Even the word 'job' was bound to get him flustered in his current state. "Sure Lamey" he quipped. Lamey Amy was his nickname for me when he was trying to be cheeky. It started when we were playing board games but I think it's becoming his awkward way of flirting with me.
I skipped inside, my two pigtails still darting about and jumped on the couch, my little skirt flying up as I fell to the cushions. Paul wouldn't've seen anything, but I was sure he'd be kicking himself for missing a glimpse. I gestured at the table for him to sit across from me. "Last job and then the morning is all yours I promise". I enjoyed talking down to him like a son even though we were more like siblings. "I'm going out tonight too and I want freshly painted nails" I said perkily handing him my nail kit from next to the couch. "It looks waaay better when someone else does it and you've been such an excellent helper today I'll bet you'll be a pro".
He studied the assortment of polish colors before picking up a light pink bottle. "Oh I was thinking that one might be cute too" I said excitedly. He looked puzzled not thinking he was meant to pick anything. I sat back and pulled out my phone and after a moment Paul cleared his throat. "Alright Lamey you just tell me when you're ready then I guess". Peering up from my phone I moved one of my legs that had been sitting crossed next to him and placed my foot flat along the top of his thigh. My lightly tanned toes caressing his shorts, were free of polish which I'd made sure to remove the night before in preparation. Mouth slightly open, he blushed. I'd found all his weaknesses and he knew it. "I uh, didn't think these were the nails you had in mind but whatever you want your highness". I was happy to let him pretend this was a chore when we both knew he was in heaven.
Paul rested the sole of my foot on his hand as he made his way from toe to toe with the girly polish he'd picked out. He had me in the palm of his hand and I had him in mine. My pussy was throbbing knowing how powerless he was. The coffee table he was sitting on was slightly lower than the couch making it easy for me to lift up my other leg, placing my foot tantalisingly close to his groin. I could feel the tension building between his legs as I pretended to disappear into my phone not noticing my thighs sitting ever so slightly open giving him an almost perfect view in between. I'd made sure not to fix my skirt, still fanned out around me from when I'd first sat down, my bare ass on the cushion beneath.
"Oh my god bestie you're doing so well" I praised as I lifted up my newly painted right foot. I flexed my toes back and forth a couple of inches from his pimply face knowing from this angle he'd be able to see straight up my skirt and that he'd be way to wound up to resist. Looking over at him I was pleased to see he'd fell into my trap.
"Hey peaky!" I snapped, pretending to be offended as I lowered my leg again, pulling down my skirt. Startled he looked away, uncomfortably. "I know you've spent all morning in my delicates but that doesn't mean you can look at whatever you want!". I leant forward, the light bouncing off my lipgloss as a cheeky look spread over my face. Sheepishly he was looking for words. "H-Hey, don't look at me I'm just following orders your highness". Well out of his depth, his already blushing cheeks were practically turning fire truck red.
"It's ok I'm just teasing Pauly, I'm not really mad". I leant back into the couch putting my left foot back on his lap. I could sense his shoulders lowering, relieved. "Besides you're a bit of a panty expert now aren't you?" I said casually as picked up my phone again. He placed the nail kit on his crutch pulling it toward his waist conveniently hiding whatever might be trying to peak out from underneath. "Don't know about expert Lamey, you're not that good a teacher... Apprentice maybe". His banter was improving.
After a moment I let my right leg fall only slightly outward again. He pretended not to notice, probably fearing I'd snap at him again. "I'll bet you can guess which type these are" I teased in a slightly lower voice this time. I could tell he didn't know what to say. He cleared his throat again before nervously looking up. All he'd be able to see is a tiny hint of pink between my legs. "I'll give you a clue, they're not the bikini type and they're not boyshorts". Squinting his baby blue eyes at my tennis skirt, he whimpered "Oh, I um... All I see is bunnies". Feigning cluelessness I looked down as I pulled the waistband up slightly from the sides of my skirt to reveal a small trace of underwear beneath. "Oh my god I forgot these have little playboy bunnies on them, that's embarrassing haha. Oh well at least they're cute!".
He quickly adjusted his gaze back to my toes not daring to look longer than he thought he might be allowed. "Well?" I beckoned, not willing to let him off the hook. Still looking away, he muttered. "If you're asking the apprentice, I'd say they don't have much to them... But they'd go in the washing machine?". I looked up. "See you're a pro! Pauly knows a thong when he sees one!" As soon as the words left my mouth he shifted around on the table rattling the nail kit as he went. Poor kid will be thinking about this for weeks. I spotted a faint smile grow across Paul's face though, impressed with himself.
A couple of silent minutes went by while Paul finished my other foot, shifting awkwardly whenever I just happened to graze too high up his legs. He was rock hard by now and I knew it. Still trying to play cool, he announced "All done princess, nothing like a fresh coat of paint!". After inspecting my shiny new toes briefly I looked at him straight in the eyes devilishly fluttering my lashes and tilting my head. "Blow" I commanded softly while lifting my foot up to his lips. He froze unsure whether to do as he was told or continue his act of reluctance.
Hmm maybe he could use a little push I thought. "I'll let you see my bunnies again..." I offered without so much as a smile, dissolving any remaining veneer of innocence. Meeting my eyes and without questioning he held my foot and blew gently on each nail, glancing down ever so often to catch whatever he could from underneath my skirt.
"I just noticed my new nails match my bunnies that's so cute". Paul smiled nervously lost for words. I smirked knowing he was helpless. "Do you like that my toenails match my thong Pauly? Is that why you picked that color?". He nodded silently to appease me, eyes darting everywhere. I couldn't help but want to see him suffer more, it was making me feel amazing. I looked even closer at him as my knees parted slightly further. "Are my bunnies your favourite thong or was there another one you like better?". He had stopped blowing. Expecting him to stay silent again I was surprised when he opened his mouth to mutter a single word without looking up... "Butterfly". I had to think for a moment before my eyes lit up.
"Aww you like my black G-String with the butterfly on the back that's so cute!". He started to laugh nervously not willing to elaborate more. I pouted and looked at him like he was a child that had just given me a present. Jumping up from the couch, I sat next to him on the coffee table putting my hand on the inner side of his leg only just stopping myself from grabbing his raging boner. My face was barely a hair from his, our lips almost touching. I spoke softly. "Maybe next weekend I'll let you wash my bunnies too..." I bunched my skirt up and balled it between my legs coyly. "This thong is one of my favourites though, so you'll need to give it extra attention for me... I might even wear my butterfly for you if you're good between now and then... Now that I know which your favourite G-String is you might get a little peak".
Paul was breathing heavily no longer trying to hide his excitement. I felt certain he was too overwhelmed and embarrassed to say anything to anyone, so I felt safe pushing him to the brink. "Why are those panties your favourite of mine Pauly? Is it the cute butterfly at the back?" I tilted my head as if to wait for an answer, my girly pigtail brushing against my shoulder. "Or because you know the string goes tight between my butt cheeks?... It feels kind of nice you know, having something so teensy and delicate sitting up my ass all day". I didn't even talk to his father this directly and it was making me hotter than ever. He turned to face me, our noses touching. He was still silent. "Maybe it's your favourite G-String because you know the little triangle at the front only just covers my pussy... You might even see next time if I give you a little peak". He quivered trying not burst.
I shifted my body forward feeling my skirt ride up my hips as I did. Snapping out of my soft voice I spoke at full volume and cheekily again. "Something to look forward to" I hinted with a glint in my eye as I stood back up. Turning around and facing away from him, I could feel my skirt sitting halfway up my ass giving poor young Paul a full view of my perky light brown cheeks. It was everything he knew he couldn't have.
I reached behind me pulling down the back of my thong. Casually picking out my wedgie like it was nothing while giving him a nice view of my pink strap coming out from my ass as I ran my finger along the dark trim lining. "Thanks for the nails bestie, text me when you're done tonight!". I skipped out of the room feeling eyes all over my body. I was so horny, I could barely wait to have sex later that night. And I was certain to make sure that Paul would hear every minute of it.