Her master told her that he had a special surprise for her. It would be unlike anything he had ever had her do before. He told her to wear a trench coat and her highest heels and nothing else. She waited for further instructions from him.
He arrived to pick her up. When she greeted him at the door, he was pleased with what he saw. She had followed his instructions on the minimal clothing. He saw that she had taken extra care with her hair and makeup. She looked good enough to fuck, but he had other plans for her.
He stood by the couch, dropped his pants and sat down.
"Suck my cock, slave, but first open up that coat so I can see your pretty tits," he ordered.
Obediently, she opened the coat and dropped to her knees. He was already hard as she lowered her mouth on him. He grabbed her head on both sides and thrust into her face as if it were a pussy. He controlled the speed and strength in and out of her mouth. All she could do was wrap her lips around him and suck. She was used to being used by him. She did as he asked without complaint.
He was so turned on by what he knew was to come, but also the uncertainty of it all, that he was not able to hold out long. He pulled out of her mouth, shooting his load onto her beautiful face and over her tits. She started to wipe his cum and lick it off her fingers as he usually asked her to do, but he stopped her.
"Leave it just as it is. You look beautiful covered in cum. I'm sure there will be much more of it and I doubt that mine will be the last cock you suck today."
He never told her what the adventure would be. Instead he always introduced to her the situation as it came. She had learned to accept this and truth be told, the uncertainty aroused her. She never knew how many people would be involved, what gender they would be, or what their fetish would be. It was always exciting though. It never failed to satisfy her.
He owned an adult toy and video store. As they drove he explained that the annual convention of toy dealers was today and he had a booth there. Sales reps from the various toy distributors would be there, along with other store owners checking out the products. She would be in the booth with him. She thought this seemed very tame for him, but she had learned enough through the years to know that there would be far more to this than simply sitting in his booth.
They arrived at the convention. He got checked in and they found their way to his booth. Being the industry that they were in, the other participants were not shy. As they walked, many people commented on her attire and her body. Several asked them to show her what was under her coat, others remarked on wanting her full lips wrapped around their cocks, and a few women questioned who she was going to fuck with those high heels. The comments excited her.
When they reached the booth, she saw that he had many of his products on display. They ranged from the simple cock ring, to collars and paddles, all the way up to his biggest and fatest dildo. She wondered if he was going to use them on her, or if she was going to help sell them. She had not anticipated what he was about to tell her.
First, he told her to take her coat off. She hesitated. She knew there would be hundreds, if not thousands of people here. How many would walk past and see her?
He saw her hesitation, which was not allowed. She must always obey her master immediately. He bent her over, pulled the back of the coat up and paddled her ass red. With each strike he reminded her of their agreement,"
"Obey your master's instructions. Tell me you will obey."
"Yes master," she answered. "I will obey."
When he released her, she removed the coat as he instructed. She stood, naked except for her heels, her ass flaming from the spanking she just received. She felt self conscious, but knew that if she made any attempt to cover herself that he would punish her again.
When he told her the next part of their adventure, she felt fire shoot straight to her pussy. She nearly came as she listened to his instructions.
"People will be coming to this booth all day, looking at our products. You will offer to demonstrate any product that they want. You will not wait to be ASKED. You will tell them that you want to show them how it works," he instructed.
It was only a few seconds later that the first person walked up to the booth. It was a woman looking at a set of vibrating nipple clamps. As instructed, she walked up the woman and said,
"If you would like to see how those work, you may attach them to my tits."
The woman looked slightly bewildered, but took her up on the offer. She loved to have clamps attached to her nipples. They were very sensitive and the pressure just added to the sensitivity. She attached them, then showed the woman how to operate the vibrating portion. The woman started with the lowest setting, increasing the intensity little by little. She loved the feeling she was getting as the intensity increased. She began to voice her pleasure. "Oh yeah, that feels so good. My nipples are so hard. Faster, faster. Turn it up."
The woman was getting a little turned on watching her getting turned on. She bucked and writhed in her pleasure. A few people had stopped to watch what was going on. Having them watch her fueled her pleasure. It wasn't long before she came, her juice running down her leg. The woman holding the remote shoved it to its highest setting. She screamed as she came even harder.
Her screams caused more people to gather around the booth, investigating what was going on. Someone asked the woman with the remote what was going on. She explained that the woman who was cumming had offered to demonstrate how they worked.
The master instructed the woman to explain the arrangement.
She was still breathless, coming off her sexual high, as she explained, "If there is any product you want to see, I will demonstrate how it is used."
Her breathy voice fueled the excitement of many in the crowd. They had been to many conventions, but had never seen anything like this before. There was now a line of people waiting for their demo. They questioned whether or not this was the real deal.
The master quelled their curiosity saying, "This is my slave. What she has told you is true. She will do whatever you ask her. If she does not, you may punish her however you see fit. Whatever you want to see demonstrated, just tell her."
The murmur in the crowd grew much louder. Some started to argue about who was next.
The master handled this by pointing to a number machine and explaining, "If you would like to see my slave demonstrate something for you, take a number and you will get a turn. We will not be done until everyone has had their turn.
The first person to grab a number was a man right up in the front. He had watched almost the entire event with the nipple clamps. He was eager to have some fun with her. He explained that he wanted to see a cock ring. Several people questioned why a cock ring?
"I want to see if I can last longer in her mouth with the cock ring? If I can, I will be able to market them differently. "
He looked to the master to make sure that this was what he had in mind. The master nodded in agreement.
She took a cock ring from the display. She undid his pants, freeing his cock. She placed the cock ring around him, seeing that it was snuggly in place. She slid her mouth over him and worked his cock with expert skill. She varied her speed and pressure, so he never knew what was coming next. She reached under him, grabbing and stroking his balls. She heard the cheers from the crowd as he stuffed her face.
The master looked at him and said, "When you are ready you may make her swallow, or you can cum on her anywhere you want to. I already have today."
This fueled the man's excitement, but thanks to the cock ring he was able to hold off. Her hot mouth worked his cock for 10 – 15 minutes, the cheers from the crowd growing louder as time went on.
"Make – him- cum," they shouted over and over again.
The sound echoed through the building. She increased her pace until she was basically fucking his cock. She bobbed as quickly as she could, sucking her cheeks in to make her mouth as tight as possible. He had finally reached his peak.
He withdrew from her mouth and covered her face with his cum. She smiled up at him, thanking him.
She looked to the master for instruction. He told her to leave the cum on her face. He loved the look of it.
Next up was a woman. She chose a rather large dildo and said she wanted to see the woman demonstrate it. She positioned herself on a stool near the wall, her ass at the edge of the stool. She leaned back against the wall, raising her legs and spreading them wide, giving everyone a clear view of her pussy. She was so wet, the dildo slipped in with ease. The crowd watching her was increasing her excitement with each new demonstration. She was no longer self conscious. She loved having all these people watch her being the slut she knew she was. Her master was grinning from ear to ear while he watched. Knowing that she was pleasing him made things easier. She knew that he loved to see her with other women. She asked the woman to help her with the dildo.
The woman walked forward, grabbed the dildo and proceeded to give the slave's pussy a hard, furious fucking. The slave was pinching and pulling on her nipples. The woman took her free hand and fingered the slave's clit. She rubbed the sweet spot, causing the slave to buck and grind as the dildo rammed into her. Then the woman would stop both the fucking and the fingering. Just as the slave was really getting going, the woman would stop. It was torture. Finally the slave couldn't stand it anymore. She begged the woman to make her cum. The woman resumed and allowed the slave to reach her peak.
She screamed out, "Oh fuck yes. Thank you, thank you. Thank you for fucking me and making me cum."
The woman went a few minutes longer, making sure the slave was drained. When she removed the dildo, she brought it to the slave's mouth, telling her to suck her cum off of it. The slave slurped hungrily. The woman rewarded her with a few flicks of her tongue across the slave's clit. She was ready to go again.
The next man up asked the man next in line to join him. They instructed the woman to stand up on the table so everyone could get a good look at her. The first man chose a set of restraints. They fastened them around her ankles with a couple feet of material to allow her legs to spread, with her wrists attached to the restraints at her ankles. This put her in a bent over position, her ass high in the air. He positioned himself to allow her to suck his cock. The second man chose a double headed dildo. He proceeded to fuck her ass and pussy with it, using his other hand to stroke his cock.
The man having his cock sucked allowed her to control her mouth, giving everyone a clear view of her head bobbing up and down. He announced to the crowd that she was a great cocksucker and everyone should take a shot at her. He wondered aloud if she was any good at eating pussy. Someone from the crowd yelled, "We'll find out soon."
The man behind her was not gentle. He pounded the dildo into her ass and pussy with force and speed. She loved what he was doing. She was used to her master being fast and hard and she had grown to love it. She met his thrusts, begging him for more. Her words were muffled with her mouth wrapped around the cock of the first man. She scraped her teeth along the length of the shaft, paying special attention to the head. She nibbled and sucked hard, causing him to be ready to explode. He pulled out and ran behind her so he could see his cum land on her pretty little ass. The first man traded places with the second man. He took over the dildo, while the second man went to get his cock sucked.
The first man resumed telling the crowd what she was like.
"This little slut loves double penetration. Her ass and pussy grip the dildo tight. Someone should fuck her ass for her."
He was spent, with no hope of regaining a hard on anytime soon, so he continued to work the dildo. She groaned as she came and clenched so tightly around the dildo that the man was barely able to move it. He wiggled it inside her, causing another load groan that could be heard even with her mouth full. Her groans caused a vibration around the cock of the man in her mouth. He was ready to shoot and chose her tits as the place for him to unload. He pulled her nipples with one hand while the other hand stroked his cock as he came. Each man gave her ass a few licks before they resumed their place in the crowd.
Next up was a woman. The slave's pussy and ass would get no rest. The woman chose a strap-on to use on the slave. She told the slave to get on her hands and knees. She had her remain on the table. She loved having full view as the men worked her, and wanted the crowd to be able to remain seeing her. The woman got beneath the slave and licked the cum off her tits. The slave bucked her hips as the woman beneath her expertly worked her nipples. It was obvious she was used to pleasuring another woman.
The woman stepped into the strap on and plunged it deep in the slave's pussy. She gave her the fast and furious fucking that she had seen the men do. It appeared the slave liked it and she was so hot watching the show so far that patience was not an option. The woman came quickly as she fucked the slave's pussy. She thought the slave was about to cum, so she pulled out of her pussy and plunged into her used asshole. Just a few strokes and the slave was screaming with desire.
"Oh yes! Fuck my ass! I love cock in my ass!"
The woman gave her what she asked for, and the slave rewarded her with an intense orgasm. She ground her ass hard against the woman's strap on, trying to take more.
"Oh fucking yes. I am cumming. You are such a good ass fucker. Fuck me harder. Oh yes! YES! YES! FUCK YES!"
The woman was nowhere near done with her. She stood in front of the slave, stroking the cock. The slave licked her lips in anticipation. She leaned forward to take the cock in her mouth. The woman said,
"I did not tell you that you could suck my cock. Now you need to be punished."
The woman asked the master for something to use on the slave to punish her. The master handed her a beautiful fur lined paddle. When the slave looked behind her and saw what the woman had, her pussy tightened and poured juice down her legs. She loved the paddle. The soft feel of the fur, combined with the intensity of the paddle was thrilling. The woman started with a firm smack from the solid side. The slave groaned in joy, her nipples hardening. The woman alternated. Every few smacks she would switch to the fur side of the paddle. The soft fur felt so good on her blistering hot ass. When she thought she could take no more, the woman asked,
"Have you learned your lesson slave? Will you do only as instructed now?"
"Yes, master. I will obey you," she replied.
The woman soothed her sore ass slightly by kissing and licking the reddened skin. Her mouth and tongue felt amazing. She wanted to feel it on more parts of her body.
The woman's next instruction had her quivering.
"I am going to lie on the table. You will 69 me and eat my ass and pussy as I eat yours."
"Yes, master. I am eager to please you. Allow me to give you pleasure."
They quickly got into position, both women eagerly lapping at the ass and pussy of the other woman. The crowd was greeted with sounds of their slurping and moans as buttons were licked and tongues dove into holes. They watched pussies grind on mouths. A few men had their cocks out, stroking themselves as they watched the scene in front of them. Most of them wanted to be in the middle of these two women receiving their tongue treatment and lapping at the pussies and asses themselves.
The woman dove a finger into the slave's ass and pussy. After the fuckings she had received her fingers slid in easily, so she added two more fingers to each, fucking her while licking her clit. The slave drenched her face with her juice and she screamed with ecstasy. The slave picked up her pace on the woman to give her the same pleasure she was receiving. She asked her permission to use her fingers. The woman granted it. The slave repeated the treatment the woman had just given her. She was greeted with a load of cum from the woman. She eagerly lapped it up. She loved sucking pussy and her master loved it when she did it.
When they were finished, the woman instructed the slave,
"Go kiss your master and let him taste my cum on your mouth. He'll know you're a pussy loving slut."
The slave's pussy was wet again. She knew her master would be happy with her.
When he had completed cleaning the woman's cum from the slave's mouth, he looked at the man who was next in line.
"You are about to get a real treat. You have seen how much my slave loves to have her ass and pussy fucked. You may join me in double fucking her. We will each fuck her pussy and ass. She loves the feel of two cocks in her at the same time."
The man did not need to be asked twice. He jumped up on the table and dropped his pants in a flash. He fingered the slave's pussy and feeling how wet she was, plunged in her pussy in a swift motion. Her master was behind her, pushing into her ass. In no time her pussy and ass were full. She was surprised that her master was fucking her slowly, instead of the fast and furious method he usually used on her.
As he fucked her, he asked,
"Does my slave like all these people watching her? You like being sucked and fucked by strangers? Does not knowing what is coming make your pussy hot and wet?"
She responded,
"Oh yes master. You always know what is best for me. You have chosen wisely and I am happy to do this for you. It has brought me so much pleasure. My pussy and ass have never been used better. Everything feels so good. I do not want it to stop."
The master rewarded her with a good pumping of her ass. She tightened around him, groaning as he grew harder inside her ass. The man in front of her matched his pace, showing no signs of slowing down.
The master had enjoyed watching her so much he was unable to hold off his orgasm. He pulled out of her, splashing his cum across her ass. It looked so lovely with different loads of cum covering her. He couldn't wait to make his next announcement. She would be thoroughly used, fucked and sucked before they were through.
He told the man in her pussy that he was welcome to switch to her ass if he liked. He did so willingly.
He cried out, "Oh damn, you have a tight ass," as he stroked in and out of her.
The master made his next announcement, causing many discussions throughout the crowd.
"Since my slave has done such a good job with each person so far, we are running out of time. We will have to go in groups now. She can handle several of you at the same time, so come on up and use her as you want to."
Hearing his announcement caused her juices to run out of her pussy and her ass to tighten firmly around the man inside of her. He pumped as much as possible, finally shooting his load deep inside her ass.
For the rest of the day she took anywhere from 5 – 7 people all at the same time. Her pussy, ass and mouth never had a break. There was always someone in them. Her hands fingered pussies as well as asses and stroked cocks. Her tongue had sucked everything imaginable; Tits, asses, cocks, pussies. Nothing had been left out. There was not an inch of her skin that had not been stroked or sucked. She had been in every position she could think of. Some of the fucking was fast and rough, other times it was slow and gentle. It didn't matter what was going on, pleasure swept through her body constantly. Many times she had cocks stuffing her ass and pussy at the same time. Others she had a cock in one hole with a woman tonguing the other one. The crowd cheered and provided instruction the entire time. She had no idea how many people had used her body that day, and quite frankly, she didn't care.
She oozed cum from every hole and loads of cum covered her skin. Through it all, she couldn't have been happier. Her master must really love her to allow her to experience such pleasure.
At the end of the day he told everyone,
"We will be back at the booth tomorrow and my slave will be happy to provide more demonstrations."
She came again at the thought of what tomorrow might bring. She didn't think it could possibly get better than this, but she welcomed the new day and the thoughts of what might happen.
When the booth had closed, her master joined her on top of the table. He proceeded to fuck her cum filled holes. She was so loose and sloppy; he slid in and out of each hole easily. She finally brought him to his peak by sucking his cock. It was the only hole that was still tight enough to give him the sensation he needed. He came on her tits, combining his cum with so many others that had used her today. Tomorrow morning he'd be sure to fuck her before everyone else had a chance. He loved his slave and watching her take on so many in one day was a bigger turn on than he ever imagined. He couldn't wait for tomorrow. Maybe he'd have them start in groups right away and see how many people she could take in one day. "What if other couples join her on the table?" he thought. "It could just be one giant fuckfest." This new thought had him making more plans.