Jaina and her two submissives Josie and Anna cuddled together in bed. Besides the collars marking the submissives, they were completely bare. Having barely drifted off after their adventure they were jolted awake by the sudden blaring of the fire alarm in the dorm. Jaina sat up quickly, throwing off the blanket, and grabbing her two pets by the hand she dragged them out into the hall. There they joined the queue of people shuffling out in front of the dorm.
Once outside the three quickly drew some attention. While many had been caught wearing less than normal since it was the middle of the night it seemed most were at least covered up. So the beautiful vixens standing at the edge of the crowd completely naked and on display stood out. Especially considering Jaina was holding their hands and discouraging them from covering up.
"But Jaina, everyone can see us." Josie said huskily. Her thighs rubbed together as she almost did a little dance. Her nipples pebbled in excitement as she kept her eyes mostly facing down. While she would never have done this to herself, being dominated by Jaina to do it turned her on immensely. The last few days having her clothing restricted and being forced to display herself to multiple people had been almost liberating in a way.
"Yes they can. And I can already see how much you like it. Now keep your hands down. I wouldn't want you playing with yourself right now. I'm not sure people are ready for you to just jill off in public yet." Jaina smirked, jutting her own chest out. Being an exhibitionist and dominant it was empowering to be able to display herself completely bare with a convenient excuse. Even more so to do the same to her two submissives. After all, it wasn't her fault the fire alarm had gone off.
Anna however was very new to all this experience and while ceding control to Jaina had been an incredible turn on most of the last few hours had been in a haze of arousal. Now standing outside bare and collared in front of all her dorm mates she panicked. "Jaina, I can't do this. We live with these people. We have to go back and get something to cover up!"
Jaina turned to her and kissed her on the forehead. "It's ok little pet. They can't blame you for putting safety over modesty. What were you supposed to do, pick out an outfit while a potential fire raged around you? Besides, it pleases me for them to see you. They're going to just have to get used to it as you'll be wearing these outfits a lot."
Just then someone shuffled through the crowd and joined them. She appeared meek and a bit nerdy with short hair and large glasses. Two hands cupped her large breasts, still barely covering them. Her only clothing besides the glasses was a purple pair of boy short panties. "Oh my goodness, y'all too? I was laying in bed and the alarm just shocked me. I didn't even think twice before racing out front half naked. I was so embarrassed. Why aren't y'all covering up though?"
Jaina released the hands of her two submissives. Josie clasped hers behind her back, pushing her chest out and biting her lip, obviously enjoying the exposure. Anna's arms lay dangling at her sides, her hands clasping and unclasping in fists as she tried to take in the sensory overload. Jaina stepped forward and enveloped the new girl in a hug, rubbing her back. "It's ok. Like I told them no one can blame you. You wear what's comfortable to bed and if that means showing a little skin during an evacuation it's not your fault. Besides, you're beautiful. I'm Jaina, what's your name?"
"Ed... Edna. I mean they can't blame us I suppose but I'm not sure about showing any more skin than I already am."
A mischievous spark appeared in Jaina's eyes. She stepped back, grabbing Edna's wrists, pulling them away from her chest, and pinning them down and away from her. "Nonsense. You're lovely and this is your home. You should be comfortable."
Edna's eyes widened as her hands were peeled away. Her large breasts were suddenly exposed to the whole dorm. Surprisingly to her though, her first response was not embarrassment. Having the control over her exposure ceded to someone else caused her skin to flush. Her nipples hardened immediately which also attracted attention since they were thick and long, standing out prominently. As she slowly processed her exposure and arousal, a small wet patch began to spread on her panties. "But... but... my boobs... everyone can see them! All the boys in the dorm can see my nipples!"
"Pet, they don't mind. They're glorious and I'm willing to bet all of them - and some of the girls - have been imagining what they'd look like since you got here."
Looking around Edna noticed many admiring gazes. Then a slight panic as she also saw among them several phones recording her unveiling. "Oh my god, they're recording me. Please, let me go!" Although her words didn't match actions. Instead of fighting Jaina she too began squirming in heat.
Jaina did release her hands, but wrapped her arms around her stomach lightly. Edna's arms were pinned but she could have easily slipped them up to cover herself. Instead she just bit her lip as Jaina slowly turned her to face the people nearby, sliding her hands up slowly to cup Edna's breasts, almost showcasing them. Whispering in her ear "I can, but I don't think you want me to. Look how turned on you are. You could fight against me but you're enjoying this, just like my little pets. And why wouldn't you. Your tits are amazing. You shouldn't cover them up. You should show them off to the world any chance you get. Look at the power you have over them. Any one of them you desire would worship your body. All you'd have to do is pick one. Or several if you desire. Admit it, you're wet with arousal. They all know, they can see how soaked your panties are. Maybe we should take them off so you can be more comfortable."
Edna gasped at this idea, her body quivering. She was a good girl. She'd never even sent a naughty picture to her old boyfriends, not that there were many of them. She'd always dressed modestly. Now she was on display, obviously aroused, and inspiring appreciative lust. Conflicting thoughts raced through her mind but the desire did spark feelings of empowerment. If her body could cause this much ardor maybe she should embrace it. "I... I can't. I'm too shy. But... I couldn't stop you from doing it, now could I? You have me at a disadvantage."
Jaina's smirk grew wider, she was going to like this girl. "I do, don't I? You're practically a deer in headlights. No one could blame either of us if all your shivering caused me to slip..." And just like that, Jaina pretended to stumble, her hands sliding down and inside Edna's panties whisking them to the ground before her shoulders nudged into her, propelling Edna forward.
Edna suddenly felt cool air on her pussy as she was bumped forward, stepping out of her panties and spreading her legs wider for balance. Her admirers eyes went wide this time, taking in this well bosomed goddess as she presented all of herself for them. Their lust drove her arousal and she fell back slightly into the arms of Jaina, her toes curling, as an orgasm traveled through her. Shuddering, eyes half closed, she panted before whispering "That was amazing. Thank you so much."
"Anytime. Although it looks like the drill is over, people are heading in. Let's go." Jaina led Edna towards the door and away from her last covering, abandoned in the grass. Anna and Josie followed.
At the door an older student stood with her hands on her hips. "What are you all doing, you can't be running around here naked. I'm the RA, give me your names and room numbers, you're all in big trouble."
Before the girls could even react, Evan slid up next to Jaina and rubbed her arm softly. "Don't worry, I got this." Turning to the RA he took on a serious tone. "Actually, they can. First, this state is a top free state. So any gender can be topless anywhere it's not explicitly forbidden. Which brings me to the second point, the campus actually doesn't forbid it. In fact, it's only mention of clothing is when protective clothing must be worn - like in labs or for certain sports. So since the campus is private land and they don't require clothing outside of those contexts students can actually be nude anywhere and anytime else on campus. It's why the campus streak used to be tolerated - there's actually no rule against it."
The RA blustered for a minute before waving her hands. "Fine. If you all want to run around showing everyone your bits, that's on you!" And she stormed away.
Jaina turned to Evan and embraced him before pulling back and giving her a smoldering kiss. "That was brilliant. Is that actually true?"
"100%. I looked into it after your comments the other day. I just hadn't had a chance to tell you that you could run around the dorm naked if you wanted. Or class, the cafeteria and even any of the games on campus - as long as you're a spectator and not a player at least."
"Well. You deserve another reward for that. You're coming to our room tonight so I can take care of that. Come on pets. Edna, it was a pleasure meeting you. You're welcome in our room anytime - although from now on you should know that all girls have to be completely bare inside. I hope we see more of you soon."
Edna watched the four of them move off to their room before she realized that she was now completely naked and alone. Quickly she scampered back to her own room. First to properly get herself off thinking about all she'd been through tonight, although sadly no one saw that show. Second to think about how empowering and enticing her exposure and submission had been - and what changes she wanted to make going forward.
----------------
Author's note: writing stories is hard, especially with series as feedback dwindles. So please if you liked it - rate it well and leave a comment. And if you didn't like it, also let me know, just please be constructive and not cruel.
I have a half dozen or so more ideas in this series and a few other ideas for series but sometimes it feels like they're best just left in my imagination or private folder, rather than sharing. You tell me. Thanks for reading.