Carolyn has always had some exhibitionist tendencies. I remember that she couldn't resist telling me that she wore little French cut bikini panties. I found her front-opening bra easy access to her 34B tits when we were in college. From the first time I put my hand up her skirt and played with her pussy through her panties, she's been soaking wet when she's excited. She likes wearing no bra. She likes wearing no panties. She likes wearing just a long dress and nothing underneath, with her nipples hard and visible and with a more than wet ready for a cock pussy.
Once when we were going to dinner, she wanted to wear a long black dress with buttons all the way up the front so she could be completely naked underneath. She unbuttoned the top 3 buttons so her large 36DDD tits could hang free and maybe even make an appearance if she bent over just right. She unbuttoned the bottom buttons, 3 or4 so she could walk loosely. More were unbuttoned so I could have access to her bald, bare and wet pussy and clit. We were lucky to get the big booth in the back corner of the restaurant so that I could shield her exposed body to our server.
We already had all but 2 buttons undone in the car while I fondled her to start getting her soppy wet! Once in the booth, we're back to just the two buttons and spreading her dress wide open. Her legs were spread wide so I can use my left hand to slide my fingers in and out, one, then two, as many as 3. I even used my thumb. I kept my fingers in her as the server took our order, as we ate and even while we waited for the check. She was drippy wet the whole time. I've always enjoyed finger-fucking Carolyn and I believe that she enjoys it, too! She came close to coming but not quite. She was so ready to be fucked. She buttoned up enough to leave the restaurant. She gave me a great surprise upon returning home. Unknown to me, she unbuttoned the entire dress. As we're walking in, there's her whole naked body, open for display! A great surprise for me and so easy to just rip her dress from her body to fuck her good once we were inside!
She loves Playalinda Beach, too. Every time we go, she can't wait to be naked. She wears a bikini out there but it never lasts long once we pick our spot. I love being naked with her, too. We make sure to place our chairs just right. She loves spreading her legs open as wide as possible for everyone walking by to see her completely bare pussy, soaking wet in the Florida sunshine. When spread open wide, it's handy for me to run my fingers up her inner thighs and slide them into her well spread, dripping wet and inviting lips. I finger fuck her as much as possible, right there in the open. She can also grab my hard cock, squeezing and playing as she wants.
We have finally gotten all the pieces in place to get her to Fantasy Fest. I have lots of plans for her. I know she wants to be naked and just wearing very little clothes, topless or just paint most of the time she is there, letting her beautiful big tits out to breathe all week. She's been prepping to make sure her skin is as bronze as possible, lying in the tanning bed almost every day for the last month completely naked. She arrives in Orlando, darker that I've ever seen her, wearing the lowest cut and shortest dress I've ever seen her wear. Her top is cut down to below the bottom of her breasts at the neckline, cleavage for days and just covering about 1/3 of her round tits. With just the right jostling, her boobs are coming out. I can't believe how short the skirt is and that I can basically stick my fingers in her wet pussy and I can reach my hand in and pull her tits out to suck on once we're in the truck. I take a double take to make sure I didn't see her exposed pussy. I don't even question that there is not a stitch on underneath. Even better than the briefness of her dress, is the fact that it is all but see through. In the bright light of the main terminal, her areolas and nipples are doing their best to peak through the almost sheer light red color, with her dark skin finishing off her ensemble to make her good enough to eat. I can't wait to get her home and drop it off of her and fuck her from the front and doggy style!
She arrives on the Friday night before Fantasy Fest starts on Monday. Two solid days to lay her bronze naked body on the beach at Playalinda to prep her for a week of being as close to naked as possible for the next 7 days! After a good night's sleep and a lot of getting my dick reacquainted with her pussy, it's off to the beach. Carolyn usually likes to wear a bikini and a semi-sheer cover-up when heading to the beach. With her bronze naked body, a regular bikini is staying in the drawer at home. To get her even more ready for being mostly naked the next week, she just gets a short black almost sheer gauze shirt that barely comes down past her ass as her "cover-up". She is more than happy to slide it on. It just makes it that much easier for her to be naked as soon as she hits the boardwalk over the dunes to the ocean. We stay on Playalinda as long as possible on Saturday and Sunday, lathering Carolyn's naked body with bronzing Hawaiian Tropic Dark Tanning lotion, getting her a tan as dark as possible for her upcoming adventure. She is normally not a walker while at the beach. Not these two days, she's practicing for Key West, walking up and down the beach just wearing her dark tan.
For our week for Fantasy Fest, I've chosen Carolyn's entire wardrobe or should I say lack of a wardrobe. I've packed Carolyn's bag and it is probably the lightest she has ever had for a week of travel. All the tops are brief, low-cut, see-through or just enough to maximize the exposure of her big beautiful tits, preferably having them hang out or cover little more than her nipples. There are 3 Wicked Weasel g-strings: a white see-through, a teal see-through and an orange see-through, all just enough to cover her slit and slide inside her as it runs up her ass crack. All of these bottoms have a hook connector, so one move to unhook and the bottom is off. There are 3 wicked Weasel tops, white, teal and orange, to match the bottoms. They are just large enough to cover her nipples while allowing her completely exposed breasts to see the sun everyday. They will work anywhere she will actually need to wear a top. There are no bras, no panties and other than the g-strings, not one piece of clothing that come close to covering her crotch all week. Her pussy will get to breathe the fresh air all week! Carolyn has just recently overcome her resistance to wearing short skirts, exposing her legs and even creeping up toward her shaved bare pussy. I've packed 3-4 short skirts, all super short with the hemline just 2-3 inches below her pussy. I've also packed a couple of "costumes", a black and a red spider web dress with the matching pasties and tattoos. There are a couple of short sarongs, should we have to cover her pussy in the daylight. That's it. Also, she can wear as much or as little paint as she would like, at least 2 nights. I also may have a surprise in there, too.
I know Carolyn is going to question if she is going to be almost naked and I'm not. I will be taking a couple of thongs, a couple of pairs that are open-butt and three pairs of completely see through briefs. I am prepared to be naked and have my cock painted if that is what she wants. I would love to walk around Key West wearing nothing but paint with her.
We leave early on Monday morning, heading to our lodging for the week, the La-Te-Da, an adult-only resort on the north end of Duval Street so we aren't far from all the festivities that begin Monday afternoon/evening. They have a nude sundeck on the roof and their pool just off the lobby is as close to clothing optional as can be found in Key West. I ask Carolyn what she wants to wear down to Key West. She is so horny she said she wants to ride naked all the way to the Keys. I've rented a Mustang convertible so we can have the sun all the way south. I throw a couple of my t-shirts in the back seat because she will have to put on something when we get gas or food. Glad to know she is already so gung-ho...!
I have tried to read all the possible accounts of what really happens at Fantasy Fest, including the parties and walking the streets almost naked or naked. There's lots of touching and I tell Carolyn to be prepared for her tits, her ass and even her pussy to be touched, squeezed and even fingered if the crowds get tight and aren't moving. Dante's has their Halos and Horns Party at their pool where it's anything goes. The wet t-shirt contest ends up being just a get naked contest. The Garden of Eden has a nude bar on the 3rd floor on Duval Street and the Bourbon Street Pub has a Pool, Hot Tub and Foam Party on Thursday night where you can check your clothes at the door and party naked all night. Of course there is a lot of random sucking of tits, grabbing of ass and dicks and fingering pussies and assholes. It's a free for all!
Before we get into Key West, Carolyn grabs a short skirt and a tank top with completely open sides to make our way into the hotel. I haven't really informed Carolyn about our schedule so she will be surprised. First party on the agenda, Dante's Pool Party. I've decided to monitor alcohol intake. Liquid courage will definitely help but it needs to be balanced with water and food so we have a very memorable experience. Carolyn has a couple of glasses of wine and I tell her to pick a bikini. She picks the teal one. She looks amazing and when it's wet, she might as well be naked. The top can barely contain her succulent tits, barely covering her nipples. It's very crowded as expected. Once Carolyn sees all the bare boobs, her top comes off and I put it in my backpack. She wants to get wet so we slide into the pool and I press my hard dick against her crack. She wonders how visible her slit is now that the g-string is wet. I help her out and tell her that her lovely slit is there for the whole world to see. There's loud music and Carolyn wants to dance, celebrating her almost complete nudity in public. She wonders at the feeling of others looking at her nude body and touching her. As the party continues and Carolyn rubs against my hard cock, it almost burst out of my small trunks. Carolyn notices several women completely naked and says she is so close to nude that her g-string is coming off. She takes a hold of the side and unhooks her g-string and it falls to the ground. She hands them to me and she is completely naked, dancing and her lips and clit are engorged and delighted to be free of any fabric. There's a couple just near us that enjoy Carolyn's nudity. The woman of the couple has grasped her right boob caressing and rubbing her nipple. The man of the couple is even bolder as he is sucking on her left tit. We're in a group and she can see other couples beginning to fuck and she can no longer take all the stimulation. She turns to face me, pulls down my little shorts and demands that it is time to fuck her right there. It feels great to have my dick out and it is so easy to slide it in her dripping wet cunt. She moans low as we move rhythmically. Needless to say, I cum very quickly. We continue to dance, both of us remaining naked as the sun sets at Dante's
We have to put some clothes back on to get back to the hotel. We slide Carolyn's postage stamp top back on and tie a small sarong around her naked waist. Her bottoms remain in my backpack. I slide my shorts back on. We make our way back and once we hit the hotel lobby, off comes her sarong as we head to our room. She is still juicy wet when she bends over the bed and grabs my hard cock to slide into her again. I stick a finger in her anus to further excite her. She knows I can only take fucking her from behind for a short time before I cum again. She has been turned on and I may not be able to turn her off this week. We get showers and a nap and it's time to head out for dinner. She asks me to pull out the shortest skirt and any top that she can wear that just covers her tits. I gladly grab a sheer half tank top that holds her tits tight but only covers the top and nipples, leaving the bottom of her tits completely exposed and a skirt that guarantees to get some pussy views while we're out. She puts them on just like she's worn them every day. She loves that her nipples are visible and that the whole bottom of her boobs are hanging out. The skirt just covers her shaved pussy and her ass. As she walks it wants to work its way up to show of her beautiful cunt. She doesn't really care, only making sure she's not the only one walking down Duval with a bare pussy. We get to dinner and she asks for us to have table facing the street. She turns her chair toward the street, leaning back in her chair and giving her beautiful pussy plenty of air and open for all who notice to see. She has already been sucked into the feeling that is Fantasy Fest, wearing as little as possible and knowing that being almost if not naked is the goal. She loves having most of her tits out for everyone to see. She enjoys showing off at dinner. We've had a long day so after dinner, we head back to the room. Once again, by the time we hit the lobby, her skirt is well above her pussy and she hands me her tank top, walking topless through the bar, past the pool and up to our room. She's soaking wet again and we fuck again to finish off our 1st day in Key West.
We sleep in on Tuesday and it's a beautiful day when we wake up about 10am. We order room service and I'm in the shower. Carolyn answers the door wearing nothing but a smile as the young man brings it in. Over breakfast, I ask her what she would like to do this morning. Her choices are to lay out at the pool by the bar or head up to the roof for the nude sunbathing area to further darken her all-over tan. She chooses the pool in the courtyard, near the bar. She knows more people will see her almost nude body if she is there. She wore the teal see-through to Dante's. Now it's time for the small white g-string and top, basically 3 see-through pieces of fabric, covering her nipples, her slit and a string up her ass that meets the string around her waist. I help her cinch them up tight, two pieces of fabric tight to her nipples, accentuating her big round tits. We play with the bottom so she can wear it covering her front slit or with the piece of fabric in her slit, making sure the string slides in her wet pussy and up her ass. No cover-up necessary as she just walks right out of the room wearing the least amount of fabric ever to a hotel pool. I grab the towels and the suntan lotion and get her a glass of wine from the bar. I take the lotion and rub it all over all the skin that is there for me. She lifts the top away for me to rub all over her bare tits. I take my time there just because I can. I even slide my fingers in her bottom and rub lotion underneath, taking a clean finger and sliding it inside her, feeling what now seems like her perpetually wet pussy. We started out on our backs until she thought it was time to turn over. As we turned over, I untied her top and lathered her back, kneading her back as I spread lotion on the back of her legs, slipping another finger inside her. As she got warm and thought about taking a dip in the pool, she turned over and forgot that her top was untied. She ended up topless as she was about to get up. She noticed other women topless around the pool so for the 2nd day in a row, her top was discarded as she took a victory lap around the pool before entering. The white patch she is wearing is unlined and once wet, she is basically naked yet again, showing off for all to see. In case you were wondering, I have been taking so many photos because she loves to have her picture taken when she's naughty! After she got out of the pool, she once again lapped the pool for all to see her naked tanned body, glistening in the sun. She was thinking, she may never where a bikini top again if it was her choice. There were at least 10 pair of bare breast around that pool but she has the biggest bare tits and definitely has the smallest bottom of any woman there. She even has the fleeting thought of removing her bottoms and walking around naked but she couldn't quite bring herself to do that, yet!
I put lotion on her again and I enjoyed rubbing lotion on her bare breasts for everyone to see. She didn't complain. It felt good to be the center of attention! A little while later, she unhooked her bottoms and basically pulled them off, using the bottom as a patch that barely covered her slit to try and prevent even the thinnest of tan lines. After being out there for awhile, Carolyn told me she needed to go to the room. She stood up, letting her bottoms fall to the ground. She was now completely naked in public! I picked up the bottoms and said, "You might need to put these on before we walk to the room." She took them from me and hooked them on as people watched. She grabbed her towel and headed toward our room with me close behind. Before she was through the lobby, she handed me the towel, unhooked her bottoms and off before I unlocked the door to our room. She went straight to the balcony and leaned her bare breasts over the rail. I couldn't take it anymore. My dick had been hard almost the whole time at the pool. Seeing her bending over the rail, I snapped some photos and then pushed my big hard cock deep inside her, doggy style again and released my load.
We get a nap and a shower and before we know it, it's 5pm. Carolyn wants to do a little shopping, to see if there's anything tempting her to wear as little as possible when she has to have on clothes. She asked if I brought anything almost sheer for her to wear to dinner. It turns out that I did pack several short Wicked Weasel clingy short dresses for her to wear while we're here. She wants something light and easy to take off if she wants to try on any clothes. She chooses a pretty much see-through little pink dress for our night out. I have her an outfit for Red Night on Wednesday night. She doesn't have a toga outfit for Thursday night's Toga Night. She sees lots of outfits and teeny bikinis as we go in and out of half a dozen stores. She commends me on my bikini choices as it appears she has the 3 smallest what could be called bikinis in Key West. It's after 7pm and we enter one last store she finds something to try on. It's a little white dress that she thinks might work. She drops her little black dress so quick and enjoys being immediately nude in the back of the store. She tries on several items, being naked in between selections. Nothing really catches her fancy so we head to dinner
We head to dinner and having the wind blow up her completely exposed pussy feels wonderful in the night air. She remembers she hasn't worn panties in almost a week and the juices begin to get her wet. She's not the only one being provocative tonight. We see more bare or barely covered tits at dinner. There are even a few pussies out to see, too. We headed back to the hotel around 9pm losing track of all the boobs, pussies and dicks we saw. Carolyn had already developed a habit when she hit the lobby of our hotel, a piece of clothing was coming off. She only had one piece on tonight. It didn't matter. When she walks in the door, she pulls off her little pink dress, hands it to me, walking completely naked through the lobby, through the bar, around the pool and up to our room. The manager told me this place affects people this way and to tell Carolyn her bronze body has been a pleasant bit of scenery since we arrived. This was our last "early" night so we fucked off and on for about an hour. She's never had such a wet pussy and I've never had such a hard cock.
We woke up about 9am on Wednesday morning. Before we thought about breakfast or getting cleaned up, I pulled out my "surprise" for toga night. It is long, white and sheer, almost completely open on each side and a v-neck down to her belly button. She thinks it's great but only one problem... It is too long! She decides to take a pair of scissors to the front and the back, cutting it off just 2-3 inches below her pussy in the front and her ass in the back. Looks good to me and has plenty of exposure for toga night.
We ordered room service and once again, Carolyn answered the door completely naked. She walked out on our balcony that overlooked the pool and hung her tits over the rail for the breakfast crowd to see. There was a note taped to our door. It was from the manager and his staff. They let us know they had put the Carolyn Rule in place. It said that she was welcome to be completely naked anywhere in the complex, in the lobby, at the bar and at the pool. No little bikinis were necessary. Carolyn was ecstatic, knowing she didn't have to wear a stitch the rest of the week while at the hotel! She couldn't wait to sit at the bar naked, sipping on her drink and knew she would spend her days completely nude at the pool for whoever wanted to see. She quickly showered and bolted out the door completely nude, headed to the pool. She scoped out the most visible chair and decided this was where she was spending the next 3-4 hours. I followed with a towel and lotion. I'm the lucky one who gets to spread lotion all over her naked body. No more tops or bottoms to get in the way. Just like being at Playalinda except she's the only one completely naked.
Once she was done tanning, she decided that we should go to the bar and order lunch. Seeing her sitting there with her large tits hanging over the bar, watching her interact with other guests. There were a couple of guys who pinched her nipples and a couple of women who wanted to suck one of her tits. Remember, we're at a adults only hotel during the horniest and most naked week of the year. I even had one that asked if she could bury her face in Carolyn's bald wet pussy. Carolyn and I haven't discussed lesbian encounters like the one described. It was her call on that one. Carolyn has talked about having a dick in her pussy and in her ass, which obviously, would require another dick. We haven't even talked about that one here either, even though this would probably be the best place to make it happen. After a little play at the bar, we slipped up to our room for a nap, more fucking and to rest for the night ahead.
Wednesday night is the Red Party all over Key West during Fantasy Fest. I packed a red spider web pretty much see-through dress for Carolyn to wear for the Red Party festivities. There are red pasties for her nipples and lots of black spider rub-on tattoos to cover her nude body with little spiders. We prep her for the rub on tattoos. They go on all over including all around her butt and her slit to help camouflage her bare pussy for Duval Street. Once she's ready to go, I bring out my outfit, a simple front kilt that attaches to a string thong that exposes my bare ass. The small kilt flap lifts up and there's my shaved swinging dick, ready for a night out. I've been shirtless when we've been out, other than when we were eating dinner. Carolyn is shocked that I would wear something so brief but loves the idea of being able to grab my dick if she needs or wants to do so.
We head out to stop at the places where the Red Parties are going on. It's a ways down Duval Street so there's lots of time to people watch and to be watched. The only thing standing between Carolyn and complete nudity is a spider web see-through dress and two pasties. I have joined her this time and the only thing between me and complete nudity is a little kilt thong. She gets juicier by the step and my dick is getting hard and may pitch a tent in the kilt. The dress stays pretty well in place so not to much completely exposed pussy pre-party. We end up at Sloppy Joe's and it's packed. There's music and alcohol flowing. Everyone is touching everyone, there's almost no way not too. Carolyn is getting so turned on by all the random touching she has to rip off her pasties so someone can suck her tits and get her nipples even harder. Her juices are beginning to run down her leg now and nothing is touching it. She grabs my hand and I stick two fingers deep inside her and she is sopping wet. Both her tits are being sucked on now and I'm rubbing her clit right there in the bar. My dick is so close and I know how juicy she is. We make our way through the crowd and find our way to the alley out back. Carolyn finds a fire hydrant, pulls up her remnant of a dress, bends over and says, "Fuck Me, fuck me now!" I rip off the kilt thong and stand there naked, doggy styling her right there in the open. It's only 9pm and still more parties to visit. We wander through the streets, random hands grabbing her ass and tits as we go through the sea of people. She never imagined it would be quite like this! I've even had several grabs at my bare dick walking back. We decide to make it an early evening and head back to the La-Te-Da. Once inside the lobby, just like before, off comes Carolyn's dress and she walks naked through the crowd. We may have created a monster...!
I awake Thursday morning and find Carolyn already up and out. I have one guess as to where she is... She's already down by the pool, naked and already talking with other guests. I watch her ask an older man to put lotion on her bare tits and I can tell he's about to have a heart attack as he rubs it on her tits and soon realizes her shaved pussy is right there. He works his way down her stomach, hits the top of her thighs and then right between her legs. He has no idea how wet she is getting. I make my way down to the pool and say, "Are you enjoying yourself?" She just lowly moans and grabs my left hand so I can stick my finger deep into her dripping wet cunt. It's time for her to take a lap around the pool, her glistening nude body, shining in the sunlight, before she takes a dip in the pool. She's hungry after her early morning pool visit so we stroll over to the bar and she's happy as a clam to be able to eat her breakfast naked. We both order pancakes and bacon. We're eating and I know I'm probably going to get syrup on me like I always do. Carolyn dribbles some as well, landing on the naked nipple on her right tit, right where I can lean over and lick it off. Maple syrup never tasted so good!
We decide to get out of Key West for the afternoon. I grab a little orange bikini for Carolyn to wear (she'll have to have on something), some towels and lotion and we head to the car. She's still in naked mode so we head down through the lobby and she keeps on walking, right out the hotel door and to the car, not a stitch on. We open the convertible top as we make our way out of Key West, we pull over and put lotion on for our afternoon ride. We head up to Bahia Key, where there is a small beach at the southern end of the 7-mile bridge. I convince Carolyn to put on her little bikini after we pull off to the beach. We wander out in the water as it's only thigh deep and no waves. No surprise, she's the only one out here so close to being naked. She is just eating it up, getting so use to being almost naked most of the time. Once back at the car, off comes what there is of her bikini and back to completely nude for the ride back. We pull back near the hotel to park the car. Before I can get the top up and lock the car, she's out and heading naked back into the hotel and up to our room. Tonight is Toga Night and She can't wait to wear the "toga" I bought and she fixed.
It came time to put on our togas for the Toga Night. I'm taking the easy way out. I'm wearing a pair of white butt-less briefs and a towel. Carolyn puts on her great "toga" and still thinks that something doesn't feel right. For some reason, she feels her boobs are too "covered." Interesting considering that there's plenty of double side boob under both "straps." I can see both complete sides of her uncovered and I can see her pussy and her ass if I stand in the right place. I tell her, once we get to any party and probably on the way back, you can have both your bare boobs hanging out. She says, why not now. I say, "Go for it!" Out come her boobs and we're heading out the door. She is more historically correct. Many Roman women, going to a party, would have had one or both breasts exposed for the festivities. We make our way down Duval and she's exactly right. We see more women with tits out than tits covered. With minimal ass and pussy coverage and both sides completely open with tits out, it's about as close to naked as she can get with fabric on her body. As we head into the party, there's touching and hands everywhere. Carolyn knows she's going to get her ass cupped and touched all night. As accessible as her pussy is, I told her not to be surprised if a stray finger finds her wet slit. With my bare ass, I may have to watch out for stray fingers, too. Once Carolyn has a glass of wine or two, she becomes a little more relaxed and is loosing count of hands on her ass, her tits and yes, her wet pussy. The music gets her moving and she's enjoying the experience. I remind her that this is probably the last time she will be wearing a stitch of clothing until we're back in Orlando, Over 2 full days being nude! We got a later start tonight, not getting to the party until almost 10pm. By midnight, the touching is making her horny so she wants to head back to the hotel. Her dress is soaking wet from her own sweat and all the hot bodies inside. There's still plenty of people out and about. Once the hotel is in sight, Carolyn drops her wet dress and I scoop it up behind her. Naked again and it's great! We head up to the room for a night of hot steamy sex.
When we finish, we decide we need to get small tattoos to commemorate this week of debauchery. We decide it will just be two capital "F"s for Fantasy Fest and probably the year,FF 2015. Where will we put it? I think there are only two places... 1) on the inner thigh, either side, just below her pussy and my dick or 2) Just above her pussy and my dick, inside the panty line. She can choose. She talked about getting a piercing, her belly button and even more extreme, piercing her clitoral hood. Just ideas she has... She says she's not acting on either while in Key West but we will see about the tattoos.
Friday begins as Thursday did. Carolyn is out the door and laying naked poolside. No old man this time rubbing on lotion. There's some young guy with a hard dick I can see from our balcony rubbing lotion all over. He takes his time lathering her dark round tits and slides down her belly. Unlike the old man, he knows she has to be wet so he slips his finger inside her while his other hand continued to spread on the lotion. Once again she is the center of attention. He finishes putting on her lotion and tweaks her clit 3 times before sliding his finger out. I told her I enjoyed watching her from our balcony. She just smiles and says, "I never thought I would enjoy being naked in public this much. It's like being naked on the beach times 10." She makes a lap of the pool before getting in to get her beautiful tanned body shiny wet for everyone to see. The Carolyn Rule has caused a little controversy as the week has progressed. We see there are 3 or 4 other women completely naked this morning. She started the trend. We have breakfast and get cleaned up. Today is kind of a lazy day, waiting until around 5pm to meet with the body painter for the finishing touch on the week, being completely naked and only wearing paint!
Carolyn really doesn't want to wear anything to see the body painter. I convince her to tie on a little bikini top, with basically 95% of her boobs out for viewing and a small sarong. She acquiesces, realizing that soon paint will be all that's on her nude body. Before coming and experiencing Fantasy Fest, she always thought her first body painting would be an all-over deal, like the tigers and leopards you see in the photos every year. As we make our way to the body painter, she talks about how this week has made her change her mind. She only wants enough paint to walk around legally and comfortably. She wasn't sure about having her pussy painted but now is sure that she does. We arrive at the body painter and we have made an appointment for both Friday and Saturday with Tioti, one of, if not the best, body painter for Fantasy Fest year after year. He has plenty of artwork from past fests to choose from. Carolyn has about made up her mind that it would be floral, with grass and the leaves starting at her pussy and between her legs, with several stems curling up one side of her stomach to a burst of flowers across her breasts. That's all. He tells her that is a good choice and proceeds to prepare. She hands me her top and sarong, standing naked, ready to be prepped for her being his canvas. I get to thinking that she didn't say anything about her butt being painted. She says, "I want to appear completely naked from behind. He can sign his name on my butt." The body painting takes about an hour to an hour and a half. I am taking photos, documenting the whole process. I think she will enjoy seeing these photos.
She is happy with how it turns out. There is deep green grass and leaves starting as her pussy and across her mound between her legs, up to just below the right far side of her belly button. There the 6 or 7 stems sprout out, curving up her side bursting out in large orange birds of paradise across her boobs, covering about 75% of each tit and of course, her nipples. Tioti signed his name on her bare butt, as she wanted. The body paint should last about 5-6 hours or so, depending on the humidity and the sweat of the person wearing it. It's time to get out and walk the street of Key West in nothing but body paint! Carolyn is excited to be painted and the juices in her pussy will probably run down her leg before the night is through. As we stroll Duval, everyone is asking for photos. Just Carolyn or with her, seeing the work of art that is her body tonight. We have to find dinner so we settle on the Hard Rock Café, in the heart of Duval. Carolyn slips on her sarong for dinner so she will have some fabric to sit on. She has a couple of glasses of wine with dinner and she's ready to strut her 1st night wearing nothing but paint!
As expected, she's a hot number for people wanting photos. Seeing her from behind with nothing on her bronze body but the artist's name on her ass is quite a site. I try to decide if I want to walk from behind or see what's going on up front. She tells me she can feel her pussy juice running down her leg. After a couple of hours and 2-3 walks up and down Duval, Carolyn's sweat has started working on her artwork. There's a break in the flowers with the perspiration in her cleavage. It's running down and beginning to drip away at the leaves above her pussy. She wants to make one more round, soaking up the photos and walking all through Key West in nothing but paint. She realizes she has one more night in just paint but this 1st night has been all and more of what she thought it would be. We make our way back to the hotel and for the first time, she doesn't have to take off any clothes to be naked walking through the lobby. She walks straight into the shower and it's my job remove tonight's artwork from her naked body. I gladly will scrub her down to completely nude once more. She has had a long day but energy for one more thing, a good fuck session to ease how horny she's been all day. I've tried to think of a way to get her fucked in her pussy and fucked in the ass. I've brought a surprise just for tonight... a strap-on with an extra dick so that I now have two! She 's so wet that I take her juices and lubricate her ass so it's ready for penetration. I bend her over the bed and she's ready for 2! She will sleep soundly tonight.
After a very good night's sleep, I awake and find that she is already up and where else would she be but naked by the pool. It's wild scene for 10am in the morning. Every one of the women at the pool is completely naked, soaking in the morning sun. There must be 12 naked women around the pool. But none of them know how to do nude at the pool like she does. This morning, there are two young men with hard dicks rubbing lotion on her, all over her tits and stomach and down between her legs. While she has their attention, she rolls over and had them do her back, her bronze ass and her legs. She's soaking in the attention one more time. Once her back is done, she rolls back over to her front to give them one last thrill before she walks over to hug me good morning and take a dip in the pool.
After laying out naked for another hour or so, we try to think about how the best way to spend our last day of Fantasy Fest, in the daytime hours at least. She couldn't decide between a really short skirt and a half see-through top or the black spider web dress. Decisions, decisions... Since she's having a difficult time choosing, I pull out a reserve skirt and top, both black. The skirt, if you want to call it that, is 6 inches in length with a 5.5" slit on the left side, called a "slinky sliver mini skirt". It is barely a pussy cover but that's all she's looking for. The top is a sheer mesh half cami, see-through completely. She says these will work and slips them on. We're off to walk Duval Street and find some lunch. Carolyn loves the briefness of her outfit. She's had her tits out almost all week so a see-through top is no big deal. The skirt is a black six-inch piece of fabric, attempting to cover her pussy. She has really adapted to her pussy being seen by many this week. The idea this week has been to be completely or almost naked and she has enjoyed it immensely. She never thought she would be so daring and be as naked as she has been. Today is the cherry on top, strutting around for all to see one more time and enjoying the freedom. The skirt has trouble staying in place. She adjusts it, only when she feels like it. Eventually, it works it way above her pussy and she just leaves it there for the rest of the afternoon.
Once the hotel is in site, Carolyn pulls off her top and when we're still a block away, she hands me her little skirt as well. She has taken to being nude in public and has no fear. I'm love watching her enjoy it. Once inside the lobby, she heads straight for the pool. She soaks up the sun for another hour or so. We have an appointment at 7pm with Tioti, the body painter. She just wears a small white sarong around her waist to head out to the body painter. No need for a top. Bare breasts are the perfect way to walk down Duval on this last day of Fantasy Fest. We have a couple of ideas but Carolyn really wants it to be the minimum amount of paint. We looked through hundreds of photos on the web before we came down here. It appears only one will do, a simple gold chain. It will start with links of a gold chain around her neck. One chain will be painted down the top of her chest will split off at her breasts and connect on her nipples. From there, the gold chain links will go down to a gold lock at her pussy. On her back, the chain will come out of her ass crack and paint gold links up to connect with the painted chain around her neck. She's definitely wearing the least amount of paint possible for our last night!
Carolyn makes a request of me. She wants me to strip down and get my dick painted as well. She knows exactly what I should be painted now that she's painted. I'm glad my dick is staying hard and glad to have plenty of Cialis to help keep my dick big and hard all week. My cock and groin are painted as a large set of gold keys, to go with her gold chain and lock design. Interesting feeling walking around completely naked. I've been in very small, see-through or bare butted little bottoms the last 2-3 nights and no shirt. Having my swinging hard dick out is very liberating so now we're both almost naked in Key West!
We begin our cruising up and down Duval to see what we can see. There are hundreds of painted bodies roaming Duval tonight. Bare tits, bare pussies and even swinging dicks are everywhere. We haven't seen anyone with less paint on than Carolyn. She has only a fraction of the paint of anyone else we've seen. Just like last night, there is lots of touching. I've already lost count of how many times my cock has been touched or grabbed. I have been wearing a small pouch backpack every night with a little "survival kit" if we needed something: aspirin, ibuprofen, baby wipes, a small towel, a small sarong for Carolyn if needed and the pair of today's briefs I took off to get painted. As the night goes, the paint sweats away from her pussy and my dick. It gets to be about 11pm and the paint is wearing thin. Carolyn asks me to give her a baby wipe. First thing she does is grab my dick and wipe off all the paint. She takes out another, wipes her pussy clean of paint and then she gets rid of all the rest of the paint, except for what's running up her back. She asks me to get that. We are both just wearing our birthday suits and nothing more. We're probably closer to the far end of Duval than where our hotel is. It's the last night so she tells me we're walking all the way back naked, hand in hand. What a last night walk! We're the only couple we see both completely naked, no paint, no little bit of clothing, no nothing. Up to the room and we're all over each other. I start on top, she gets on top and then it's from behind and I cum quickly. What a week of nudity, sex and fantasy this has been. Tomorrow, we head back to reality.
We sleep in and order room service. Carolyn wants one more chance at the pool, her last chance to let the sun kiss her bare naked body here in Key West. She soaks it up for about an hour. I pack up what little we have to take home and take it to the car. I take her a black sheer cover-up to wear home. She walks right past me and all the way to the car, enjoying being naked one last time. She prefers to ride all the way back to Orlando just like she rode down, without a stitch on. It's fine with me!