Amateur night at the strip club: A CFNM Story
This happened in 1980. I was in my last year of college. I wanted to go to a strip club. I did not have much money or time. In those days newspapers had ads for strip clubs. I wanted to go on amateur night. This is the night where girls audition to work at the club. I figure on Amateur night I would see more naked women than average. I would get more bangs to the buck. The club I choose was on a Sunday night, the only time I had available. The ad mentioned that men as well as women could dance on Amateur night, but that was not important.
Clubs in those days were different. Now a day you can pay for a table or lap dance. Here you were required to buy drinks for the ladies. They require that you buy at least two drinks. This cost more than what I was intending to spend. The dancer whom I had to by a drink for was very talkative. Her name was Alice. She told me how disappointed she was that no guys were going to dance tonight. She even asked me if I was interested. I was not planning to but I liked the idea. I asked her questions about it. I told her that I felt nervous dancing naked in from of a room full of men. She told me when a guy dances, the girls like to sit in the front row. With the lights in your face, you would not see the fat guys sitting behind the girls. I had to dance to three songs and I picked out the songs. I was also told not to stroke my dick or get a have a climax. They were very prudish in those days!
I was still hesitant. I had not planned to dance naked, but I would like to do so. Alice then told a manager that I want to dance naked. He smiled a showed me to the entrance of the dressing room. I now felt forced into this. I could have run. I didn't. I liked the feeling that I had to be forced to dance naked.
I was introduced to Faye. She is an older woman with strawberry blond hair and big tits. She was more beautiful than the dancers. I consider her to be the most beautiful woman in the building. Faye showed me to the dressing room. She told the girls there that I would be dancing. The girls cheered and clapped. Each one gave me a kiss. Some kissed me on the mouth and some on my cheek. I asked Faye if they are always friendly to the amateur dancers. "Only for the guys, for they see new girls as completion."
"I am not competition?"
"No, the girls see you as brave, and you know how much women like brave men." Then Faye gave me a long loving kiss on my mouth while one hand was in my pants stroking my cock. "I am getting you ready," she winked as she walked away
Since I did not bring a costume, I improvised. I would go on stage barefoot and only wearing only my pants and my button down shirt. I took off my t-shirt, underpants, shoes and socks. I had to dance to three songs and so I picked out the music. I told them my stage name was "Felix." They told me that I would be next.
I felt strange in that I was not nervous. I was eager. I thought everyone felt scared the first time. Then again, I was not nervous the first time I had sex. I waited off stage as I was introduced. I heard applause and female voices screaming for me.
The first number started. It was a fast rock number. I walked back and forth across the stage looking tough. Then I stood in the middle and shock my hips back and forth and side by side. I unbuttoned my shirt and now was bare chested. There was more applause and women screaming. The song was over. I looked at the audience. I could see a dozen women at the front of the stage. The lights were too bright that I could not see the rest of the audience. I felt that I was the only naked guy in from of women. I liked that feeling.
The second song started. I chose a mid tempo number. I walked slowly from the end to end of the stage, tugging my pants down in a teasing way. Then when the last verse, I dropped my pants. I then noticed that I was semi hard. The girls cheered. There were many favorable comments. I was relieved because I was not in trouble. When the song ended I stood there and waved by half erect dick at the girls.
The third song was a slow love ballad. I laid on the stage and tried to move seductively. First I laid on my side on the stage. I would rub my side and my chest. Then I rolled on the other side and allowed the audience to see my naked back and ass. I felt warm knowing that other people, both women and me could see me naked. Near the end of the song I turn so that I was on my back facing the audience. I arched up so that the audience could see my balls and ass hole. The song ended. I stood up. My dick was hard and I could not help waving it at the audience. The girls were at the edge of the stage reached out to touch it. The touch was nice and gentle adding to my arousal. A few girls even kissed it. I hurried off stage. I did not want to pop on stage.
When I exited, I was met by Alice. She gave me a loving body hug and with one hand stroked my erection. A few seconds later I popped. "That is your award for being so brave." Alice said.
I was told I could return anytime I wanted to dance again. I returned to college and finished the year. I return again to find the club was sold and torn down. I never danced naked again. I want to, but where can I go?