"That's a great picture."
Jeff startled Shana out of her daydream as he looked over her shoulder at a picture of MacKenzie, his eyes half-closed and his mouth open as an orgasm held him in its grasp. "It's one of my favorites."
"That was a great idea you had. Putting cameras on your heads." They stopped in front of another photo, this one of Shana's mouth just as she pulled back from sucking MacKenzie's tool. A thin line of semen arched from her bottom lip to his slit and her lips were shiny with his cum. "I've never seen a book of this type sell this well."
"Well, leave it up to Mac. He's a great photographer."
"And a great salesman! He's even got my paintings selling better than before! Now I can hardly keep up!"
Shana grinned. "Be careful what you wish for." She checked her watch and glanced around. The party for the 10th printing was going on full blast and MacKenzie was nowhere to be found. "Mac did say to meet him here, yes?"
"Yes. He told me to pick you up and he'd meet us here." Someone yelled his name and Jeff waved at the person. "I've got to talk to a buyer, sweetie. See you in a few."
Shana nodded, smoothing the edges of her satin sheath with nervous hands. Maybe he was still angry at her for yelling at him this morning. But she was right. The book was so popular that he was wearing himself out and she wanted him to take some time off. She wasn't asking for too much, was she?
When the waiter touched her elbow, she thought it was MacKenzie and nearly started to cry when she saw that it wasn't. "I'm sorry, ma'am, but he asked me to have you meet him in the Orb."
She looked up and smiled when she saw MacKenzie standing in of one of the museum's most well-known rooms, a clear glass orb suspended above the crowd and affixed to the wall. It was able to hold the weight of six people and her man was inside, nattily dressed in a tuxedo with his hair properly coiffed. She ran up the stairs and threw herself into his arms, tears of joy pricking her eyes when he crushed her to him.
"I thought you were still mad at me."
"Shana, we've been together for two years and you still don't know me?" He laughed, wiping her tears away. "You were right, baby. We've been doing nothing butlivingthis book ever since we've been together."
"It's been pretty living it, wouldn't you say?"
"No, I wouldn't."
The harsh tone of MacKenzie's voice startled the laughter out of her throat and she stared at him, her heart dropping into the pit of her stomach. "What do you mean, Mac?"
"I mean, I'm done with you." MacKenzie turned his back on her, rubbing his temples. He knew that she was upset but he didn't know any other way to tell her. "I'm done with you being my model."
"What?" She bit back a sob, her eyes flooding with tears. "You can't mean that!"
"Well, I do. You're done. You're done being my model." He dropped down to one knee, fishing the small black box out of his pocket and springing the lid open. "I'd rather have you as my wife. Would you do me the honor of being my personal sex model and making love to me every day for the rest of our lives?"
Shana threw herself into his arms, screaming her joy to anyone who could hear it. "Yes, yes, yes!"
MacKenzie sighed with relief, burying his face into her shoulder and hiding his own tears. "I don't want to live without you, Shana. You're more than just my model and my lover. You're my muse and the keeper of my soul. I love you."
"Oh, I love you so much, Mac!"
A loud burst of applause broke them apart and they looked down the hallway at their friends and well-wishers, Jeff leading them all with tears in his eyes. "Well, Mac, it's time for another book." He linked his arm in Shana's as the threesome walked down the hall, heading for a glass of champagne downstairs.
"And I have just the ticket."
MacKenzie looked from his best friend to his fiancée. "Have you two been talking?"
"Of course we have." Shana grinned, giving his arm a squeeze. "How about an illustrated version of the Kama Sutra?"
MacKenzie just shook his head and smiled.