As a practicing therapist I tend not to make value judgments. I listen to my clients as they relate their situation and try to guide them to an appropriate solution.
This often requires me to set aside prejudices and societal values in order to determine a solution that works for each family.
This Dad, Greg, and his nineteen-year old daughter came to me with a common dilemma. Kim and her dad are having some boundary problems.
In the telephone interview prior to the session Greg admitted that he and his daughter Kim had been "fooling around" for a period of time and he was concerned that this was getting far too serious.
When I asked him what he meant by this he admitted that he and his daughter had been teasing and touching each other with his wife's tacit approval for quite a while.
Greg admitted that the last few times they had come very close to having intercourse and although his wife had been understanding up to this point, he doubted that she would be willing to tolerate this degree of physical intimacy between them.
I set them up for an appointment and because this was to be their first session, I set aside a three-hour block of time. Often my first sessions are the most intense.
During their first session they both attended along with the Amber, Greg's wife of twenty-two years. She is Kim's mother. She is in her early forties, a very attractive brunette with heavy blonde highlights.
Because of the delicate nature of such sessions the room is in semi-darkness.
Mom, dad and daughter each relaxed on a comfortable reclining chair in a semi circle in front of my desk. I usually start such sessions by having the patients listen to soft relaxing music for 10 minutes or so before we get to work.
They were dressed in soft cotton pajama tops that I provided for them but wore nothing below the waist in order to allow me to monitor the degree of their arousal during the session.
Kim is a beautiful girl in the height of her blossoming. She has dark brown hair and serious brown eyes. Her long legs are tanned and toned. She lies in her recliner wearing her pajama top and covering her naked pussy with her hands as she listens. From time to time she glances at her father as he speaks.
As they described their problem it was clear that the dad and his daughter were embarrassed and ashamed of themselves but appear very attracted to each other.
He was the first to relate his story.
For over a year, with mom's blessing he and his daughter have been teasing and touching one another. The cardinal rule has been that neither are allowed an orgasm in the others presence.
It all started completely by accident.
Mom had been talking about taking the family to a nudist camp.
Before taking that step she decided to try a weekend of camping on some secluded privately owned wilderness land where the family could camp together in the nude.
I leaned back in my chair as he began to describe the camping trip.
"It was late afternoon by the time we got our tents pitched and everything put away...and then came the moment of truth. Amber and I went into our tent to strip and when we stepped out Kim was still getting undressed.
After several minutes Kim emerged definitely embarrassed to be naked. She had clearly matured into a beautiful young woman.
I interrupted Greg to ask Kim how she felt about being naked in front of her parents, especially her dad.
"It felt kind of weird but we had always been casual about nudity around the house...so I was pretty OK with it."
I had Greg resume his account of events.
"We busied ourselves with preparing dinner and soon the dinner was eaten and cleared away. Out of the corner of my eye I observed Kim's breasts bouncing as she went about her chores.
I stopped Greg again and asked Kim if she noticed her father eyeing her breasts.
"Yeah...as a matter of fact I did notice him looking at me."
"How did that make you feel Kim" I asked.
"Actually it was a little exciting...he'd never seen me naked before...and I was looking too." Kim was blushing as she said this and she looked at her father to see his reaction. I told Greg to continue telling me about the experience.
We had built a fire and were all wrapped up in a blanket together. I was between the girls and the feel of their skin against mine in the closeness of the blanket was...well sensual.
The sun started going down and as we listened to the crickets in the darkening thickets of trees I could feel a cool breeze from the lake.
"It was almost dark when the fire began to die down and we watched the embers crumble."
Amber was pressed against me on one side and Kim was on the other. For the first time I thought about how attractive our young daughter had become.
She was unlike her mother in many ways. She had small firm breasts and her pubic hair was the same shade of brown as the shining hair that cascaded past her shoulders to the middle of her back. She moved and I felt her hair tickle my arm. I could smell her shampoo and as we sat together in the deepening dusk, I could smell something else; the clean and innocent aroma of arousal.
Maybe I imagined it but it wasn't Amber. I was well aquatinted with her womanly scent.
I was certainly smelling something and as we sat there images began crossing my mind, coming unbidden of Kim as a sexual person.
I pictured her trim little pussy which I had just seen for the first time in many years, now mature with a fine little growth of pubic hair which covered it without completely concealing it entirely.
I wondered if anyone had been allowed to touch it...and if she touched it herself at night in the privacy of her bed.
I could picture her stifling her breathing, fearful of being heard as her hand moved fasted and faster under the covers.
I tried to think of something else...anything else but the mental images kept pouring across my mind.
I Felt my penis begin to tingle and unfold itself in the darkness under our common blanket.
I tried to wrench my thoughts away from the mental images and sounds that filled my mind. Even as I tried to summon laundry lists and equipment inventories to drive out the erotic images I imagined Kim having a climax, whimpering and stifling herself in the darkness of her bedroom as she creamed on her rapidly moving fingers.
In my minds eye I could hear the sounds coming faintly from under the covers then suddenly the mental imagery changed and she was in her sleeping bag in her tent here at camp that was pitched five feet away from Amber and my tent doing the same thing.
I imagined standing outside of that tent late at night after Amber had gone to sleep...listening to our daughter masturbate...and jacking off as I did.
It may have been my imagination but it seemed like the smell that had set my thoughts in motion was somehow stronger.
A final thought crossed my mind. I wondered if Kim really was as aroused as I was becoming.
Before I could even try to push this thought from my mind I felt my penis begin to rapidly inflate. In less than a minute I had developed a gigantic erection. I was thankful for the concealing darkness of the blanket."
I figured it would go away in a minute or two but the longer we cuddled, the harder it got. The intoxicating scent of Kim's pussy was filling my head and even without the pictures that continued to play across my mind like some kind of three dimensional pornographic movie complete with smell and sounds, the smell of her pussy would have been sufficient to keep me hard.
I noticed that the girls had gotten very quiet when I heard Kim breathe "This is real nice."
"As she said this I felt her hand brush my erection which had, by this time begun to leak a stream of pre-come that Kim must have surely felt when her palm had brushed the tip of my boner."
As Greg spoke I made notes on the laptop I had on my desk. When I looked up I discovered that Greg has become semi erect while he spoke and I make a note of the time this has happened.
His wife, Amber reclines on his other side. She is clearly excited to be part of the therapeutic process. She makes no attempt to cover herself and even in the semi dark room I can see her labia glistening as she listens to her husband relate this story. Clearly it brings back memories.
Kim is also very engaged in the story as well. She squirms in her place, her hands that still cover her pussy are jammed between her legs and she has unconsciously begun to flex her thigh muscles against her trapped hands as she listens to her dad speaking.
I would be a hypocrite if I didn't admit that his story was having quite an effect on me as well. I wasn't wearing a bra, but I always wear an expensive starched white blouse made with 300 count Egyptian white cotton, so there is no danger of my clients seeing anything inappropriate, nevertheless my nipples were quite stiff. Every time I moved the scraped the starched material.
Whenever I crossed my legs I could feel my dampening slippery pussy lips slide against one another.
I turned my attention back to Greg's story.
"The first time I thought it was an accident but about a minute later I felt her palm brush the tip of my cock again. I looked over at Amber but she seemed oblivious, her eyes closed, her head resting on my shoulder."
"Kim's hand returned again, this time lingering a little as she brushed her palm against my leaking cock."
"I tried to maintain something like regular breathing as my daughter continued to brush my rigid cock with butterfly light touches. Suddenly I felt her soft hand slide down the shaft of my cock lubricated by the stream of semen I was leaking."
"The sound her hand had made sliding down my cock was clearly discernable even under a blanket and I couldn't believe that Amber was unaware of what was going on but she appeared to be asleep."
"I freed my arm from Kim's shoulder and rested my hand on Kim's thigh. She immediately spread her legs and releasing my cock for a moment used her hand to direct mine to a slippery virgin pussy."
"As if my hand had a mind of its own I began to play with my daughter's slippery clit while her hand slipped up and down my stiff cock. I was rapidly approaching the point of no return when I heard Amber say "Don't either one of you dare to come."
"We froze and Kim immediately released my cock."
"Amber calmly said, "Kim, I suppose it will be better for you to find out about sex with a trustworthy role model but I don't want you two climaxing together and absolutely no fucking.""
"With that she pulled me to my feet and into our tent. As soon as the zipper was down she pulled me to the ground and forcefully directed my hand to her pussy which was swollen and wet."
"As I slid my finger around her engorged and swollen clit she gasped, "Don't play with it, please just fuck me."
"I did as I was told. I mounted and started fucking her."
"Did you like Kim jacking you off" she gasped.
"Yes"
"Ever thought about having her suck your cock?" she said teasingly.
"Not until...just now." I replied, fucking Amber even harder.
"You'd like it though, wouldn't you."
"Now that you mention it...yeah...I would."
"I'll bet you'd like to fuck her wouldn't you?"
"Yes...I would."
"You'd like to take her cherry wouldn't you?"
"Yes."
"You'd like to slip your cock into her tight little pussy and fill her with sperm, wouldn't you?"
"Oh yes."
"I don't care if you two fool around a little...but there's one thing you can't do...you've got to promise."
"Anything" I gasped.
"I don't want you two fucking...do you understand?"
"Yes."
"I don't even want you two coming together...it's too risky...do you understand?"
"Yes."
"You can masturbate a little, kiss, make out, whatever...but don't you make each other climax...you might make her pregnant unintentionally by getting sperm on her pussy."
"Can I make...her climax?" I gasped; nearly ready to blow my load in my wife's now saturated cunt.
"No...you might be tempted to join her...and your sperm belongs to me."
"I didn't reply because I could feel the first sweet tightening from my balls and down the shaft of my penis that signified approaching ejaculation."
"You can only come inside of me, do you understand?"
"I...I'm doing it now" I whispered.
"It was true. The head of my cock was jammed deep in her womb gushing jet after jet of hot semen that I could practically feel splashing against her cervix as I drained my balls."
"That is how it started."
"The next day Kim and I went fishing together while Amber remained in camp to relax and read."
"After an hour or so we had an eaten an early lunch and were relaxing in the shade watching our bobbers out on the water as we digested our food."
"Nether of us had spoken of the events of the night before. To be honest I actively avoided thinking about them for fear of growing an unwanted boner alone in the presence of my daughter."
"I couldn't help but notice that her nipples were erect even though the day was warm and idly wondered if she was a little excited. My own member began to tingle and I forcibly wrenched my thoughts away from this speculation."
"Kim flipped onto her stomach and said, "Dad...I don't know what got into me last night...I'm really sorry."
""I'm the one who should be apologizing," I said".
"No...I should have stopped...but that's not the worst part."
"Really, what is the worst part?"
"You've got to promise not to be mad," She said.
"Well...I guess...OK, I promise."
"All right, here goes." she said "After...mom took you inside the tent...I stood outside...and listened to you both."
I was thunderstruck that my daughter would eavesdrop on Amber and I while we were making love."
I could see that Kim was blushing and felt an unfamiliar warmth in my own cheeks and realized that I was blushing as well."
"Uh...did you hear what we were saying to each other?"
"Well...not everything...but I thought I heard mom say that it was OK for us to fool around together."
"Well...I don't think she really meant it."
"It sure sounded like she meant it." Kim said doubtfully.
"What were you doing standing outside our tent anyway." I said, somewhat grumpily.
"I was...just listening...I didn't mean anything by it."
"Yeah...I'll bet." I muttered.
"I'm sorry dad...I told you that it was awful...and you promised not to get mad."
"Is that all?"
"Well...there is one other thing...but dad, this is really embarrassing."
"I think we're a little past embarrassment, don't you?"
"Well maybe...but this is really ...I don't want you to think badly of me."
"I promise I won't think badly of you."
"OK, I feel like such a...slut...but I was...touching myself...and when I heard you say...you'd like to fuck me...that's when I started playing with myself...and listening."
Kim jumped up saying, "Just a sec dad, I've got to pee."
"She walked about five feet away and then in my full sight squatted and began to piss on the ground. I could see her stream spatter on the ground and hear it splashing.
Kim couldn't have known but I have always been excited by watching my wife Amber piss and over the years we have incorporated this into our lovemaking.
Amber enjoys this as well and we will get into the shower with full bladders and either piss in front of each other or do it on one another. Amber say's she is "marking" me as her own and if I can manage to I will squirt on her clit, which she says is warm and often causes her to have a small "pre-climax" right then and there. She says she feels like I am "marking" her as well.
Kim couldn't have possibly have known about this but it had a dramatic effect on me that I could not control.
What had been a semi hard dick that I had more or less successfully concealed by pinning it between my legs now grew too hard to contain and sprouted from my lap like a tree.
Kim got to her feet saying, "No toilet paper, I'll just have to drip dry."
She pretended not to notice my erection and sat down in front of me cross-legged, which now revealed how excited she really was. Her pussy lips were swollen and even from where I sat I could easily see her clit sticking out.
"Anyway" she said, looking up at me "I just wanted to be totally honest with you."
"I appreciate that" I said, "Can I ask you a question? Were you embarrassed to be hearing us talking...like that?"
"Well...yeah...but I was really turned on...and I was wishing...oh never mind."
"No...tell me what you were wishing?"
"I was wishing that I was inside the tent with you both...watching you."
"It was pretty dark in there...I don't think you'd have been able to see much." I said "but you'd probably have been able to hear my cock sliding in and out of your mothers pussy really well."
"I bet you're right" she broke in, "and you both could have heard me playing with my pussy."
"Maybe...we could have lit the lantern...so you could have watched me fill your mom up with sperm."
"Maybe...if you did light the lantern you could have both watched me...cream my...pussy while you filled her up."
Kim was flushing bright red from her face to the tops of her breasts as she gazed longingly at my raging boner.
"I would have liked that," I said.
"Dad?"
"Yes Kim."
"Would you let me...feel you?"
"I was really tempted but I wasn't sure that Amber was really serious about letting us fool around so I said, "We'd better not."
"If you want...you can...feel me up too."
Again I was very tempted but I declined her offer.
"Dad?"
"Yes?"
"I still...feel...'
"Excited?"
"Well I suppose that it's natural...the way we've been talking."
"You mean about me watching you and mom fucking while you both watch me play with my cunt?"
"Yes...I must admit I find it exciting as well."
"Dad?"
"Yes Kim?"
"I really like the way I'm feeling right now."
I looked down at my tingling erection and noticed that I was beginning to drizzle a stream of pre-come. I saw that Kim's eyes were riveted on this as well. She raised her eyes until she was looking directly into my eyes then she smiled and said, "It looks like you're feeling the same way."
There was an extended silence between us and then Kim said, "Dad, could I at least play with myself a little...just to take the edge off?"
"Well...I don't know."
"Please dad, just let me do it a little...I promise I'll stop before...I, well, you know before I...do it."
"You promise?"
"Absolutely...I won't...make myself cream...and you...can...like stand behind me while I'm doing it just in case...to make sure that I don't...go all the way and...do it, you won't even be able to see what I'm doing."
"Well...all right" I finally agreed.
We both got to our feet and she stood in front of me leaning back so her head was resting against my chest. I circled my hands around her stomach interlocking my fingers to help give her support...and also to prevent the ever-present temptation I knew was there to give her a "helping hand".
One thing that I hadn't considered when I agreed to this is that my erection was pressed firmly against the soft skin of her back and the lubrication leaking from the tip was causing it to slide against her in a most distracting way. I realized that I would have to use the utmost self-discipline to help Kim "take the edge off".
She began to rub her pussy at once and what she said was true; I couldn't see what she was doing...but I could hear and I could feel her arm moving as she energetically masturbated her pussy.
"This feels so nice" she whispered as she began to move her pelvis in time to her busy hand.
As she moved her pelvis back and forth her body pressed against my erection providing a back and forth pressure that was as I feared, was having quite an effect on me. The pre-come leaking out of my boner was gradually covering her back as she pushed against me hard cock with increasing pressure.
Despite myself I began to press back against her. It felt so good that I couldn't stop myself.
"I can feel...your...penis." She gasped, her breathing becoming increasingly ragged.
"I know...we'd better...stop pretty soon."
Despite my own words, my interlaced hands, as if they had a mind of their own came apart and I reached up and cupped one of her breasts flicking my thumb across a hard nipple. Her hand began to move faster. I could tell that by the liquid sounds issuing from that area that she was getting very wet.
"Oh dad, that feels...so nice." She gasped turning her face so I could feel her breath.
"You'd better stop sweetie, I think you're pushing the limits here."
"Oh dad...just a little more...it feels so good."
I could hear her strumming her wet clit rapidly as she began to arch in anticipation of what certainly appeared to be a world class climax."
"Kim...if you don't stop I'm going to squirt all over your little ass." I gasped.
"Go ahead dad, we'll do it...together."
"Kim...no...stop...right now." I blurted out.
She didn't stop, as a matter of fact she was masturbating faster and faster.
"Please dad, let's do it together, I'm almost there...I promise I won't tell mom...it feels so nice...let's just do it just a little...you can do it too...on my tits if you want...oh yes...I'm going to...cream my pussy...right now."
I stopped playing with her rigid nipples and grabbed her rhythmically masturbating fingers from a pussy on the verge of convulsing into orgasm, wrenching her hand away seconds before she could finish herself.
She tried to use her other hand but I caught it in time. We struggled briefly for a few seconds and then turned to face one another, she was flushed, frustrated and still very aroused.
My breath came in ragged bursts and my rigid cock bounced and dripped a long stream of fluid. She glanced down at it and then looked me in the eyes and slowly smiled."
"Why don't you just finish yourself off dad?"
"Because...it wouldn't...be right."
"You could...do it...right now...in front of me...and I'd never tell mom...because I'd be doing it...right along with you."
I still held both of her hands imprisoned in my own to prevent her from finishing herself.
My erection was as hard as a steel spike and draining a copious stream of pre-come onto the ground that threatened to erupt into a spewing gusher if it was stimulated even a little bit.
I guess she figured that if she could make me shoot my load I would be forced to return the favor because in a surprising show of strength she tore one hand loose and managed to give my cock a resounding slap.
For a second everything hung in the balance. I caught her hand again and we both watched my boner throb and deliver a large blob of sperm onto the ground. It throbbed once or twice more threatening to erupt into a full-blown ejaculation and then it subsided.
"That was close" I breathed.
Kim was still into finishing what she had started.
"You can fuck me if you want to." She gasped.
"No Kim, we've got to stop...I promised your mother.
"Please dad...you can shoot your come onto my face, my tits, my ass...anywhere you like...just let me cream...this is so frustrating"
"No Kim, we've got to stop...I promised."
She was on the verge of tears.
"Can I at least go off by myself?"
"No Kim, just wait a minute...you'll feel...better in a minute"
You could watch...if you want...you know you'd like to see me...cream my pussy."
"Wait until we get back to camp...you can go in your tent...and take care of business."
"I'll bet you'll be "taking care of business with mom" she said smiling ruefully.
I could see that she was regaining control of herself and I asked her that if I released her hands she would promise to abstain from masturbating until we both got back to camp.
"Hold on to them for a couple more minutes...I don't want to make any promises I can't keep" she said with a sheepish smile.
We stood in silence for a couple of minutes as I gradually relaxed my grip on her until we were just both holding hands. My erection began to gradually subside. I could see that her pussy was still a bright red but she was no longer flushed the same color and her breathing was returning to normal.
Finally we released each others hands and my erection had subsided to semi erect, which I got the feeling was the best I could hope for under the circumstances.
"Boy" Kim breathed, how did that happen?"
"It just happened honey, we've got to be careful with this nudist thing."
"Did pissing in front of you...is that what made you so hard?" she asked.
"Maybe we should change the subject" I muttered.
I was determined to bring a stop to this so I got busy and began to gather up picnic items, my semi hard cock bobbing as I did so.
"We'd better get back, I'll bet your mother is wondering why we've been gone so long, go grab the poles, we aren't going to catch anything today."
Kim helped and brushed up against me several times which I knew for certain wasn't accidental.
Before we left Kim squatted again and peed which once again resulted in a rock hard erection. I couldn't help it.
"Well, I guess that answers that" Kim said with a sidelong glance at my rigid penis.
"Although it was nearly a half mile back to the clearing where our tents were pitched, my erection refused to go down, especially when Kim kept glancing at it. As a result I was still as hard as a rock when we returned to camp."
"Kim went into her tent before Amber could say a word. I'm pretty sure what she was planning on doing there but when Amber saw how excited I was she went to Kim's tent and unzipped the door."
"Mom!" I heard Kim cry, "I was...going to take a nap."
"Stop rubbing your cunt and come out here" Amber said, "I want to show you something."
Looking very flushed and embarrassed Kim emerged from the tent.
"Look what you've done to your father."
"I didn't do it" Kim protested, "It just happened."
"You liked doing it, that's why you were in there playing with yourself, isn't it?"
"I'm sorry, I couldn't help him looking at me."
"Well these things must be dealt with, have you ever given a guy a blow job?"
"Mom...really!"
"It doesn't matter, I'm going to show you how and I want you to watch carefully."
With that Amber sank to her knees and cupping my balls enveloped my hard cock with her soft mouth. I heard Kim gasp as Amber opened her mouth and began to slide her lips over the length of my aching boner.
Kim stood watching for a few moments and then stepped closer and squatted for a better view.
As Amber slid her lips back and forth over my rigid dick Kim began to edge nearer and nearer to our indecent exhibition.
One of her hands was cupping her pussy and I realized that my daughter was surreptitiously touching herself as she gradually moved closer.
Pretty soon her face was only a few inches from her mothers as Amber continued sliding my dick in and out of her mouth.
Although Kim had moved in too close for me to see her hand I could hear the sound she made as she rapidly teased her clit.
Suddenly Amber withdrew leaving my wet boner bobbing helplessly drooling a long rope of pre-come.
"Now you try," Amber said.
Hesitantly Kim began to kiss the tip of my dick.
"You've got to take it into your mouth" I heard Amber whisper.
I felt her mouth open and she got her lips around the head of my cock and began sliding back and forth getting a little more of the shaft each time until she was getting nearly half of my cock each time.
I was nearly ready to unload right then and there but Amber pulled her away saying, "I think I can take it from here."
Kim was flushed and disheveled as she cried, "Let me do it to dad just...a little more...please?"
Amber said, "There'll be plenty of other chances for you to practice with your dad" and pulled me into the tent leaving Kim high and dry, kneeling on the ground with a string of pre-come hanging from her cheek to her left breast.
It was hot inside the tent but the sure knowledge that Kim was standing outside listening to us fuck made the experience as fleeting as it was exciting.
I couldn't help but wonder if Kim was touching her pussy again. I wanted her to be excited by us.
Soon I was once again filling Amber with hot cream and out of the corner of my eye I saw Kim's shadow cross the tent and disappear.
"When we returned from the camping trip our pattern of living changed fundamentally."
"Sometimes I go and masturbate with Kim before bed and sometimes it is a simple backrub in the living room while Amber sits reading on the couch."
"Don't you two stay up too late," she says as she gets up to go to bed.
"Of course we will spend the next hour or so teasing and petting until I can't stand anymore and go in to fill Amber up with cream and the Kim goes off to bed to masturbate...I suppose. Sometimes I wonder if she does it standing outside of the bedroom door listening to Amber and I fucking."
"Sometimes we shower together when Kim comes home from her classes. I gently wash her all over feeling her nipples grow stiff as I slide my soapy hands over her breasts then it is her turn and she always lingers over my rigid prick soaping it with her soft hands."
"When we have finished showering we go into her bedroom and watch one another masturbating but there is absolutely no fucking and no coming with each other."
"We have our own little code. Kim will say, "Dad, I think you'd better leave now." And she finishes herself as soon as the door closes."
"I will admit that there have been times that I fail to close the door entirely and stand outside her room watching through the gap in the door as she brings herself off. I'd be a big liar if I didn't admit to jacking off while I watch...but I always manage to hold off even if I get to see Kim cream her pussy."
"After that I usually go back and take a cold shower. Amber has forbidden me to come unless I do it inside of her so I am often quite frustrated...in a good way."
"Amber's theory is it is good for her daughter to explore her sexuality with a "safe" male role model who won't get her pregnant. When I come into the bedroom fresh from an hour or two of teasing and petting with Kim I must admit I'm pretty awesome in bed."
I looked up from the laptop where I had been taking notes and can see that all three patients are highly aroused.
Kim is flushed and now lies with her legs not really spread but certainly parted sufficiently for me to see her swollen pussy and to note the smeared lubrication shining on her inner thighs. Her nipples are stiff and she has been unconsciously rolling one between her fingers through the cloth of her pajama top.
Greg is rigidly erect and a stream of fluid drips from the tip of his cock and down the shaft. His breathing has become increasingly ragged as he related the last part of his story.
Amber is likewise aroused and I can see her moving her pelvis slightly as the silence descends on the room.
I might as well admit that I am also excited by the things I have heard and have taken advantage of the relative privacy I am afforded by the desk to pull my skirt up a little and stroke my pussy through my panties.
As far as I am concerned if I'm not actually touching my clit I'm not really masturbating and so in my own mind at least am preserving decorum and my professionalism as well.
Nevertheless I was very aroused and fearful that my excitement could possibly cloud my professional judgment.
For a brief moment I was tempted to have us all strip entirely and masturbate to a climax together just to take the intensity down a notch but I decided against this course of action.
My reasoning behind this decision was that I felt that I could use the intensity generated by this situation to help this family make a breakthrough.
When I imagined the three of us women masturbating together as Greg spewed jets of warm cream over our tits I was certainly tempted but I managed to keep it together long enough to develop an appropriate solution for this family.
I also considered letting Greg fuck me while his wife and daughter watched as sort of a bridge to the ultimate resolution I envisioned for this family but I quickly discarded this as a good course of action as well.
You see the secret of my practice is to remove myself from the situation and ignore my own extreme excitement in order to develop the correct course of action.
Although personally I found the situation very stimulating I could not help but feel a certain sympathy for Kim who was allowed to go nearly all the way with her father only to be denied ultimate release when he went in to blow his load into his wife.
This left Kim alone in her bedroom to masturbate and imagine what was happening in her parent's bedroom.
I also felt some sympathy for Greg who was often required to wait for many hours in order to obtain any sort of release with his wife. I could imagine him jamming his hard cock back into his pants and trying to forget that his daughter was a few feet away behind her bedroom door desperately masturbating her pussy to a creamy finish.
It troubled me that Kim had never actually watched her parents fucking and I had decided that this would be an important step forward for this family. Before I let Greg fuck Amber however, I wanted to see him interact with Kim.
I was also bothered by the control that Amber was exercising over the situation.
It was apparent that she thrived on the sexual energy and frustration generated between father and daughter. Refusing them permission to climax probably added intensity to her orgasms.
I decided that it was time for Amber to get a taste of her own medicine.
I asked her to get up and accompany me to the outer office. Looking doubtful, she complied. I opened a desk drawer and pulled out a chastity device. It looked a great deal like a thong except for a tiny attachment that fitted over the clitoris and remained in place using an advanced adhesive and a slight suction which made it literally impossible for her to touch herself there. A small soft plastic clip kept her vaginal opening sealed using the same adhesive.
She clearly thought this was some kind of sexual enhancement device, which was what I intended. She was very cooperative as I slipped it on her, gasping as the little cup adhered to her shining engorged clitoris.
She was soaking wet and it took several attempts before the small plastic clip sealed her pussy closed tighter than any time capsule or bank vault.
I instructed her to get dressed and rejoin Kim and Greg and I in the therapy area. She looked puzzled but went in to the dressing room to comply. She clearly thought I was going to activate some kind of vibrator using a remote control.
She was in for the surprise of her life.
When I got back to the therapy room I was almost too late. Greg and Kim had been masturbating together almost from the moment Amber and I had left. I had to physically intervene to stop them from getting off in front of each other right then and there.
"Patience" I cooed, "You can both cream with one another in a minute or two."
I pulled Greg out of his chair and directed him to stand so his hard cock was over Kim's face. As I watched a long driblet of pre-come ran from the tip of his dick and left a shining path as it trickled down Kim's cheek. She didn't seem to mind at all.
One hand was jammed between her thighs...but was motionless and the other teased a stiff nipple through her pajama top.
While they were waiting I filled them in on my plans for the family for the next couple of weeks.
I explained that while they were still forbidden from fucking they could come with each other as often as they wished. Amber could watch but she would be unable to masturbate or climax.
"After all" I murmured "What's sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander."
I explained that I intended to let Greg take Kim's cherry at their next appointment. Amber would be allowed to watch and only if she hadn't tried to cheat the chastity device for the next couple of weeks until the next appointment would she be allowed some kind of relief at that time.
At this time Amber reentered the therapy room wearing the skirt, blouse and expensive shoes she had come to the appointment wearing. I motioned for her to sit down. She was quite aroused despite being entirely dressed. Her face was flushed and her breathing was uneven.
As soon as she sat down I told Greg and Kim that they could now finish what they had started in our absence.
Kim began to masturbate immediately and at the same time started kissing Greg's engorged member.
"Why don't you suck him off Kim?" I asked.
She didn't need to be asked twice.
She opened her mouth and Greg slid half the length of his cock past her soft lips as her fingers danced on her clit. I could see all the practice mom had insisted on was finally about to pay off.
I took the opportunity to open a drawer in the table next to where I stood and removed a dildo. Looking over at Amber I could see that she thought the dildo was meant for her...but it wasn't
I walked over to where Kim was blowing her father and looking Amber directly in the eye pulled up my own skirt, pulled my panties aside and slid the entire length of it up my own aching gash.
"Feels so nice" I murmured as I slid it in and out of my cunt.
At that moment I heard Kim's muffled cry as she started to cream her pussy and observed that Greg was in the process of unloading his cream into his daughters soft mouth.
Greg gasped and Kim moaned as he began to spray his cream into her warm mouth. Her fingers were a blur on her soaking pussy and she arched her pelvis and then began to jerk as she came.
Kim was swallowing as quickly as she could manage but not nearly fast enough to deal with her father's massive load. Sperm was leaking out of her mouth down her chin and on to the floor.
This triggered my own orgasm.
"I'm doing it too..." I gasped sliding the shining dildo rapidly in and out of my soaking cunt as I pinched a nipple through my cotton blouse.
For the next few moments the room was filled with the sounds of Kim, Greg and I climaxing.
At that moment a scream came from Amber who had tired of watching and in desperation had pulled her skirt up and was attempting to masturbate herself through her panties as she watched us all in the throes or orgasmic pleasure.
She leapt from her chair as if she had been shocked as indeed she had.
Turning to her with a cruel smile I explained the exact nature of the device she was currently wearing.
"This is the most technologically advanced chastity device available." I said. You can go to the bathroom and shower but you cannot masturbate or put any object up your pussy. If you try to stimulate your clitoris you will receive quite a shock...as you have just experienced.
"You bitch, take it off!"
"No can do, I have some solvent that will eventually allow its removal in a couple of weeks but until then I assure you that the only way the device comes off involves the surgical removal of your clitoris...and labia."
"Take it off you fucking cunt" Amber growled.
"Sorry Amber" I replied lightly "but the advanced adhesive I have used will not respond to the solvent until two full weeks have elapsed."
Changing her tact she asked in a civil voice, "Can you at least deactivate the shock device?"
"Sorry, Amber if the connection is broken the little cup will continue to shock your clit until the battery runs out...I would advise strongly against any attempts to disable this device...it will permanently deaden your clit...after subjecting you to 48 hours of excruciating pain."
"I think a couple weeks of watching your daughter and husband climaxing together while you are forbidden any relief whatsoever will put the entire relationship on a more level playing field."
"If you think I'm going to sit there and suffer while these two come all over each other...well you've got another think coming." She snarled.
I languidly reached into the still opened drawer and produced two small remote controls. I handed one each to Greg and Kim .
"Please be responsible in how you use these" I said to them. Simply pressing the red button will shock your mother. If she tries to interfere in any way...well one jolt should cause her to rethink her actions."
Amber glowered.
Opening the door I said "I think you can both get dressed now. Have my secretary set your next appointment...and Amber...do have a nice day."
"Fuck you". She snapped.
"All in good time" I replied as she stormed out of the door.
I had a feeling that the next two weeks were going to be a very long time for Amber.
*
A note to the reader:
Tess Stevens is a writing team consisting of a man and a woman who collaborate in thinking up stories for Literotica.
Each story undergoes rigorous quality assurance testing. You are free to use your imagination as to how we both accomplish this.
We hope that you have enjoyed the story so far. We will continue this story if the results of your voting indicate that you enjoyed reading it as much as we enjoyed writing it together.
Please take time to vote and feel free to leave a comment. We value your feedback.
Tess Stevens