The next day we stayed in bed until after twelve, both of us with hangovers, I took the first shower and shaved, Paula still lay on the bed naked with the sun on her beautiful body. Her nipples stood erect and her vaginal labia lips were swollen and still red and her clit was protruding like a cockerel's crown, "you still thinking about last nights adventure?" I asked. She smiled and winked at me as she moved to the bathroom.
She took her time in the shower and removed any hair on her pussy area then applied oils and cream all over her lower regions. She put the yellow bikini on and a beach wrap over her waist that was virtually transparent and hid nothing, then a pair of white sandals. I put on shorts a thin tee shirt and flip flops and we headed to the pool but again there were no sun beds available, so we made our way to the beach bar for some food and a coffee.
We stayed there for over an hour recovering from the previous night and discussed the club and how I really loved the split room best. Paula said she was amazed at my stamina cumming twice in such a short time when she was through the wall and the excitement of not knowing who was touching her as she couldn't see. I told her I could see how hot she was by the size and colour of her vulva and protruding clit. She just grinned saying "you'll never know how hot I was".
We both seemed to perk up then and made our way to the sun spot by the underpass and set out the towels as Paula slipped her top off, but when I checked her out her yellow bottoms were virtually transparent as she was so wet. It was even worse when she pulled them tight into her lips with her clit shape clearly visible but she didn't seem to care as she applied sun lotion all over, spending time on her nipples and between her legs, soaking her bikini bottoms. She lay back with her nipples rock hard and her vulva lips bulging, all on show for anyone passing. A few men passed then the beach cleaners who took their time by us, Paula teasing them by opening her legs and smiling as she looked from beneath her sun glasses.
We stayed there for a while before Paulo appeared from the underpass to say hello, he asked how we enjoyed last night and Paula told him it was fantastic, I agreed. He told us he had to work tonight but would be going to his uncles other club tomorrow if we wanted to go and we both agreed we would. He told us Shena wanted to see Paula again as she had something else to show her that she was sure she would like. Then he sauntered off giving me a wink as he left, Paula asked what it was about but I just said he had introduced me to the girls in the bar and she seemed to accept it.
We decided to try the nudist beach about a mile away so took a taxi to it and asked the driver for his number to get back. The beach was quite crowded with people of all shapes, ages and sizes, some well tanned and other starting on the all over tans. Paula led the way to a spot by some youngsters with teenage boys playing football, most of them stared as we approached and Paula stripped and lay on her towel applying oil to her body.
The boys had all size cocks with one very well endowed in length and girth who took a great deal of interest in Paula and the other two young girls not far from us. The girls heard us talking and realising we were British asked if they could join us as the boys kept bothering them. Paula said it was OK and started conversations with them as they sat with us and oiled up with one called Sandra oiling her protruding clit, giving me a hard on forcing me to lie on my belly. The other named Jill had massive tits which fell to her sides when she lay down, her clit was not visible being well inside her vulva. The girls chatted even when lying down to catch rays, Sandra was very slim with small tits and spent time oiling her clit regularly and lying with her legs open giving the boys a great view inside her as her hole was dilated as was her arse hole. Paula asked her about it and she told her that her ex used to like anal as well as vaginal sex with her and he used to take her dogging, she had no inhibitions with sex and was bisexual. Jill who was well built with large tits quickly added she was not so free with sex but had a steady boyfriend who worked away on the oil rigs. Paula asked me to fetch some water from the beach bar by the road, asking the girls if they wanted any thing and they both wanted water so off I went.
There were a few people waiting to be served so as I waited I saw Sandra oiling Paula, first her shoulders then moving to her front as Paula lay on her back. Sandra was pouring oil on Paula's breasts, then massaged the oils in before moving to her vaginal area. I then got served and as I returned I could see Paul's legs wide open and Sandra's hand between her legs. As I reached them I could hear Paula moaning and see three fingers of Sandra's slim hand deep inside her and working her clit. Then to my surprise Sandra's fingers pushed into Paula and her hand thrust inside her as Paula grimaced then thrust her hips forward onto her hand and wrist. I had never fisted Paula and was slightly shocked at her response but had a throbbing erection to the sight before me.
They didn't stop as I sat down by Jill who on seeing my hard cock slid her oily hand onto it and started wanking me, I noticed the boys had stopped their foot ball to watch. Paula orgasmed and spurted her juices out over Sandra's hand and over the towel as she let out a scream of pleasure that those on the beach must have heard. The boys then applauded them as she withdrew her soaking hand and licked it, I had to stop Jill as I was about to cum myself. Sandra then just lay back as if nothing had happened and sunned herself, as did Jill, while Paula didn't move with her juices still leaching from her hole onto the towel. I just handed the drinks out saying nothing as Paula let out a sigh of pleasure.
We all lay catching sun for an hour then two of the boys came to talk to the girls and Paula ignoring my presence. They asked in broken English if they wanted to play volley ball with them, then Paula answered for the three of them saying they needed to swim first but they could join them. Smiles were on their faces as they said yes and all the girls headed for the sea, Paula still dripping between her legs as she splashed in the water. The boys were joined by the others and soon began splashing the girls and ganged up on them feeling their tits and trying to get between their legs. It looked as though the girls were grabbing their cocks especially the guy with the large cock. Paula and Sandra said something to him and he spoke to the boy by him and they carried on grabbing Jill's tits. As quickly as it started the girls came out of the water and back to me saying it was time to go.
It turned out Sandra and Jill were in our hotel in the opposite wing and a floor below, I was left picking up the towels as the dressed and started walking off, that's when two of the boys came to me asking where we were going tonight, I just said I didn't know and walked to catch the taxi. In the taxi I asked Paula what she said to the boys, Sandra answered saying they could all fuck them if they could find them tomorrow. Paula said they had no chance as we would be at the club with Paulo and Shena having a great time, I said that I thought we were only there at night but Paula said Shena had text her as they swapped numbers last time we were there.
We met the girls in the hotel bar later and as they all had bikini's on we sat at the pool bar drinking lots of shorts and mixers until after dark. We were all drunk and as the bar was shutting the girls fetched wraps and I put a tee shirt on so we could go to other bars. We ended up in the bar me and Paula had been where the old man felt her up, Paula told the girls about it as we were getting drinks and we sat at the same table but the bar was more full now mainly with older men.
They ogled the girls as they sat down and Paula smiled and pulled her bikini strip into her vaginal lips, Sandra and Jill did the same as they giggled. The conversation was sexually charged mostly discussing how they could get the men worked up and they would check out the biggest bulge. Paula went to the toilet and when she came back she passed me her bikini top with her wrap barely covering her tits and her nipples protruding. Sandra said "not fair' then remover top beneath her wrap, and instructed Jill to do the same, she went to the toilet to remove hers while Paula and me fetched more drinks from the bar.
Two of the men at the bar glared at Paula's tits and said something to the bar man in Spanish and they smiled, we all soon finished our drinks after chatting about the day and our holidays. Three guys in the bar waved at the girls and ordered more drinks for themselves and us, the bar man brought the drinks and we said thanks, then the girls said they needed the toilet and left me at the table to watch their purses. Some men passed at the back of me and one of the guys who bought drinks came over to me and chatted about where we were staying and how long we were here for asking lots questions about nothing really.
After a while I needed the toilet and left his company taking the purses with me. I opened the door to the toilet corridor and before me was a scene from a porno movie. The three girls were naked, Paula bending over giving a naked guy a blow job with her tits hanging down and swinging, Sandra was being fucked from behind by one guy and was sucking on another's cock. Her tits were swaying with the pumping of the cock fucking her, he was naked with his balls slapping her with his pumping. Jill was against the wall lifted off her feet with her legs wrapped around the naked guy fucking her and her right hand wanking a cock of a guy with his shorts by his ankles.
After a short while Paula saw me and pushed him away and pulled her bikini bottoms on saying something to the other girls that I could not make out for the grunting and whining. She picked up her wrap and walked to me smiling and gave me a long kiss holding my face, I was so surprised I just did nothing. Then she told the girls we were going and we left the bar still with one of her tits on show. We got back to the hotel in her state of undress and fucked our brains out in our room.