The two of us were having a drink together, talking about our first visit to The Back Bar. Maggie was trying to get me to admit that I wanted to go there again. "And you?" I challenged her.
Maggie pretended that I had surprised her since that was a dare for her to get arse-fucked by strangers again. "You can go there on your own, you know," She countered. And Maggie gave me a cheeky smile as she taunted me with that. The same way that she had taunted me that night, while I only got to watch.
"But it wouldn't be so much fun on my own," I tried, giving her a wink. I was not going to plead with her.
"I know what you want," she smirked back. And she wriggled about on her seat, suggesting that she knew exactly where her bottom was and exactly what I would like to do to it.
The point of The Back Bar was that everyone who went knew exactly what they were there for. The men who paid to wear the black wrist bands knew that they could fuck the willing women up the arse, the ones who wanted that and got in for free. And there were the men and women with the white wristbands who paid to watch.
We both knew that when I went back to The Back Bar I would not be just paying to watch.
And so Friday night, Maggie and I went around the back of The Wild Duck to that nondescript door. Maggie let me rap on it and it was quickly answered by the same granite faced security guard who had let us in before. He gave out no hint of recognition. And why should he? We had only been there once before and his job was not to schmooze the customers. That was Josie's job, sitting at the table down the corridor in front of the green door where she dealt with a trio of eager punters, two women and a guy. We stood behind them watching as Josie took her time to verify their IDs. They looked young to me, and Josie must have felt the same. She finally convinced herself that they were all over 18 and gave their IDs back to them and then embarked on her explanation on how things worked behind the green door. Of course they pushed through the door as soon as Josie had finished telling them.
Josie sighed when we reached her then gave us a welcoming smile. Maybe she was happy to deal with grown ups. Who knows? She was dressed, as previously, in a black net top that showed off her black bra which supported her ample bust. She crossed her stocking-clad legs under the desk and looked us over.
"You two look familiar," she started.
Maggie and I grinned at each other. "Second time," Maggie advised.
"And this time, he'll participate and you'll watch?" Josie replied.
"How did you know?" I stammered.
"Lucky guess," Josie smiled. I decided to get a small revenge for that. I leant on the desk and reached down between Josie's legs with my free hand. And confirmed she wore nothing below except the stockings. She uncrossed her legs and spread them enough to allow me to stroke her exposed slit for a moment. Until she squeezed her legs together to stop me. Smiling, she clamped her thighs on my hand. "Wet enough for you?" she teased.
"Guess so," I replied.
"Good," Josie concluded, "now the payment." And as I reached for my wallet, she added "and of course you'll pay for your friend." Of course. And that done and exhibiting our appropriate wristbands we entered through the green door. This time I had to wonder what action lay behind it for me and how it would go.
Maggie swished past me into the bar, her short red dress teasing up and down her bare thighs. She waved at Josie before the door shut behind us, kind of a 'see you later' wave. "She might let you fuck her later," Maggie smiled at me when we were inside.
I shrugged. "Well, she did offer last time." I thought on that for a moment. "But that may have been a tease because of the wristband," I wondered.
Maggie was still grinning at the thought. "I guess we'll see." She took me by the hand as we checked out the talent and what they were up to.
The DJ was playing Caribbean music, a mambo, and a few couples were swishing appropriately on the dance floor, the women's dresses regularly splaying up around their waists, showing off their firm, enticing buttocks. A third couple joined them and got into the groove almost like it was choreographed. I admired them for a moment along with a very interested Maggie. I then looked around the rest of the room for any familiar faces.
"Are you hoping to see Willow and Chantal again?" Maggie asked, reading my mind. Of course I was. I had held Chantal on our previous visit, looking into her eyes while another man took her anal virginity. And now I thought how nice it would be to close that circle. But neither her nor her shapely friend were there. Any arse I took would be a stranger. Who would it be, I wondered.
We wandered the room for a little while. The DJ started a slower jazzy number, so the three women on the dance floor who had been sweeping to the uptempo stuff all got on their knees so that their partners could take their arses. The men fucked them to the rhythm of the music, it almost looked romantic, the women all with blissful, distant looks while the men grinned with pleasure as they fucked the women. After watching them for a moment, Maggie grabbed my hand to continue on our patrol.
Seeing some empty seats, we sat down across from another couple on a set of sofas set at right angles and introduced ourselves to them. Roxanna and Bruno had been behind us in the queue and admitted that it was their first time and they wanted to meet and question us because we looked like we knew what we were doing. We quickly established that Roxanna and Bruno were a true couple. I told them that Maggie and I were just friends hanging out. For some reason that seemed to set Roxanna in particular at ease.
"How many girls are you thinking of fucking?" she asked me.
"I haven't thought about it. I guess two or three if I can find that many who are interested. How about you?" I challenged her, holding eye contact.
Roxanna straightened her shortish skirt. It still revealed her bare knees and a lot of leg above them. "I guess maybe three, possibly four," she revealed. Then she leaned over and pecked Bruno on the cheek. "We agreed. He is only going to be good for two, maybe three at the most. So I am going to go one more than him."
"To prove a point?" Maggie asked her.
"No," she replied offhand. "Just because." Bruno looked to be all right with that. Or did I catch a quick flash of concern? Nah, he seemed all right.
But we all thought about that for a moment. "Two or three sounds about right," I agreed. I expected that would be about my limit. I looked over at Maggie. She just shrugged. She held up her white wristband which confirmed that she was only watcher. Of course she liked to keep me guessing. And so far she had not given me any hint of what she was planning for the night. If anything. I guess it was possible that she had decided that this time she would be the one who would just watch.
But it added to my tension. If I was going to fuck just two, surely it had to be Maggie and Josie. I looked around and then studied Roxanna again. She smiled at me, suggesting that she was up for it. But something about her made her a no for me. The four of us chatted, steering away from any sex talk. Maybe I was just being choosy as Roxanna was perfectly presentable and friendly, certainly not unattractive. But I felt no desire, no urge. I looked over to see what Bruno was up to. He was checking the talent and clearly saw something in Maggie, you could tell by his sly glances each time after he scanned the room. And she had let that dress ride up her thighs. Well, who could blame him for looking around after Roxanna's challenge to him? But of course Maggie had the white wristband, so Bruno had to look further afield.
Maggie gave me a look which promised 'watch this.' She stood up and made a show of patting her dress back down over her thighs. She reached down to Bruno. "Come on with me, I'll find you someone." Bruno looked over to Roxanna who shrugged back at him. So he let Maggie drag him off into the crowd. He looked back towards us with glance that could have been a warning before Maggie took him out of our sightline.
Roxanna looked over to me and smiled. I knew the rules of the bar, knew that under her skirt Roxanna was bare, ready to be fucked up the arse. And I could tell that she would not say no if I asked her. But something still stopped me, some sense of caution. We chatted, avoiding any sort of intimacy, just friendly chatter. And we avoided the likelihood that Bruno had his cock imbedded in a foreign arse while we spoke.
With our conversation flagging I boosted my friend. "Maggie is the great organiser. She'll be up to something," I suggested. Roxanna fortunately did not seem concerned at what that meant.
And indeed only a minute later, Maggie appeared with a well-dressed young guy and a busty older woman in tow. "Look what I've got for you," she told both of us. As Roxanna and I were close together in the centre of the couches, Maggie's discoveries sat on either side of us. The woman trailed her hand around my collar, cooed that she liked me and told me that her name was Xena.
I smiled at that. "You're not far off," I observed.
She looked blank for only an instant before breaking into a wide smiled. "Warrior," she enthused in a Continental accent. "Czechia originally," she added so that I did not need to ask. "And I know why you are here," she added as she took my arm in her hands and massaged the wristband.
"Is it that obvious?" I asked.
"You can usually tell if a man wants to fuck you there, in this place," she replied. "In the place that it usually is not supposed to go," she added with a sly look at me. And then she ran her fingers over the bulge in my trousers with a moan of approval. She rearranged herself, from sitting on the lounge next to me to kneeling on it, facing away from me. Then she flipped her skirt up over her hips to prove that she was ready for me. Just like that, an invitation to my first anal fuck in public. I looked over to Maggie who stood close by, approvingly.
What could I do? I ran a finger over Xena's wet pussy and then eased it inside her butt. The hole was invitingly small, but Xena pushed back against my penetrating digit, clearly glad to have it inside her. I wriggled it around to Xena's increasing pleasure.
"Yes, there," she gasped, "Mmmnnn," confirming that she liked it.
I stopped with my finger still inside Xena and leant over her. "Well, where else would I be putting it?" I whispered in her ear. We both laughed as I resumed loosening her up.
"Have you got it out?" she asked after a moment.
Maggie leaned in to us, holding both our faces. "You really are taking your time, Michael," she teased.
I did not think that I was, I thought I was being a gentleman. But under pressure from the two of them, I relented and unbuttoned my pants releasing my cock which was already hard. I pressed it up against Xena's bare thigh so she knew.
"Go for it," she urged. "I'm ready."
And so I did, pressing the head against her butthole and then slipping it in. Approvingly, Xena pressed back as soon as she sensed I had gone in at the right angle which meant that before I knew it, I was fully embedded inside her.
"Yes!" she gasped. "Uhghh..."
"Yes," I gasped back to her as I found my rhythm. Her butt felt warm, inviting and stimulating.
Maggie had wandered around the other side of the couch so she could face both of us, Xena kneeling on the seat, resting her elbows on the back of the couch while I fucked her from behind. It seemed to work very well for both of us. Xena was grunting with each stroke which turned me on more.
"That looks like fun," Maggie suggested to Xena.
"Are you really not his girlfriend?" Xena asked back.
"No, we're just on the same volleyball team," Maggie told her with an incongruous, serious look, "We hang out together but that's all."
"That's a pity," Xena observed, "I think you two are pretty well suited." Fully inside her arse, I held still for a moment, my balls pushing against her slit. Still the women chatted.
"Oh you know," Maggie responded. "Do I want to change things by going there? I mean we're pretty good friends." She smiled at me, like a friend, and I smiled back the same way as I again pounded into Xena.
"Maybe you can successfully combine the two things, the sex and the friendship," Xena wondered, as she shifted around my cock to get the best stimulation. "I know it will take a bit of work but..."
"Hmm." Maggie thought about that but was quickly interrupted by Xena.
"Michael, keep doing that, I'm going to cum," she ordered me. I was fucking her at a steady pace. It was no effort to keep going as she wanted.
"Uggh," she grunted and then again louder. I just kept pumping away. It seemed that all I had to do was not mess up the rhythm or make it complicated at that moment. I looked over to Roxanna who I had not thought about. She must have taken her skirt off since she was bare from the waist down, her long legs up in the air while the tall young man, also bare from the waist down, ploughed into her in the missionary position. One of the bouncers came over to check that they were doing it within the rules, looking closely at where they were joined, to confirm it was in her bottom. The bouncer only glanced at Xena and me, presumably we totally looked to be doing it right. I realised that I had been keeping up my steady rhythm and that Xena was cumming again.
"He's quite good at this," she told Maggie when her grunts and spasms around my cock had finished.
"I can't tell you why," Maggie wondered. "As far as I know he hasn't been getting much practice."
"What?" I asked her.
"All I hear from you is how hard it is for you to meet the right sort of woman."
"Am I the right sort of woman?" Xena asked me without turning around.
"I guess so," I stammered. I was wondering how long I was going to have to keep up my performance.
"I'll take that as a yes," Xena snorted pushing her bottom back at me harder than usual, I guess just to remind me what we were doing. "If you keep doing that I'll have a really big one."
"You see the problem?" Maggie told her.
At that moment, Bruno appeared, dressed and alone. His eyes darkened when he looked past Xena and me. Roxanna had wrapped her legs around her fucker as well as gripping his shoulders hard, like she was trying to force him into her bottom as far as she could. That must have been something which Bruno didn't like.
"I think that's enough," he stated evenly once he had stepped around me to get close to them.
"Just another moment," Roxanna asked him, "please?" Bruno grunted and looked at her and then away, over her head. I went back to concentrating on Xena while Maggie sort of drifted off towards the service bar. But then I guess because Bruno's outburst darkened the atmosphere, Xena gripped my arm.
"I think we're done," Xena whispered. I nodded and slipped out of her. We arranged our clothes on the lounge away from where Roxanna was apologising to her fucker while Bruno stood there with his arms crossed. Xena and I slipped away to find Maggie.
"Men acting possessive!" Maggie exploded when we found her.
Xena looked concerned, looked to me. "Are you possessive, Michael?" she asked. I shook my head. "That's a shame," she noted as she gave Maggie a knowing look. I glanced at both of them. What was that about? But I didn't ask.
We chatted about what a good idea The Back Bar was, with the wristbands and their consent and everything, trying not to look over to the lounge. But slowly our conversation with Xena slowed to a halt. Sensing her time with us was up, she excused herself back to her friends. I thought it would be a bit undignified to keep hanging around her, so I didn't suggest to Maggie that we follow her. Maggie did not seem interested either. She bought me another drink and then excused herself to the bathroom saying that she would be back soon. And like that I had the space to myself. But not for long.
I stood there near the bar alone for a moment, surveying the scene. And noticed two thin, attractive young women had come over to stand near me. So I went over the short distance to introduce myself. As I did, they both held up their white wristbands to warn me that they were off limits. I held up my black one and shrugged to suggest I was happy with their limits. They introduced themselves as Phaedra and Shirley.
Phaedra smiled at Shirley and looked over to me. "Have you fucked anyone?" she asked me, looking around.
"Uh yes," I smiled, carefully checking their reactions. I decided that they were both wondering what a cock would feel like up their bottoms. I waited for them to reveal their thoughts.
"What was it like?" Shirley asked earnestly.
I smiled. "It is different, enjoyable in a special way." I looked to each of them. "You should try it. That is, if you haven't..."
Phaedra chose to deflect. "We're here to watch. Definitely." She looked to her friend for support. But both Phaedra and I could see that Shirley was not so sure about that.
So I asked gently "are you sure, Shirley?"
"Well you know," she admitted blushing a bit, "when you're around people having sex. And people talking about having sex..." She glanced quickly at me and then looked to her friend.
Phaedra shook her head. "Don't pin this on me. If you want to..." she trailed off.
"You just go back to the boss lady and tell her..." I suggested, trying to sound like I was just being helpful.
"I know," Shirley snapped. Then she softened. "Maybe if we just have a look at some of the others, you know, to get the idea."
Phaedra smiled at me. "She doesn't believe you that it's fun." She grinned dangerously at Shirley.
Shirley was not fazed though. "Oh look," she advised, "there's someone over there getting fucked now."
We all looked there to see what she had found. I was not surprised. Much as happened the first time, Maggie was bent over a table with an enthusiastic guy fucking her from behind. With her elbows propped on the table, her eyes closed so she could concentrate on the guy who was enthusiastically fucking her from behind.
This went on for a while until she opened her eyes to see me over at the bar watching her, standing there with my two new friends. I waved over at Maggie like we were pals who had just caught up with each other in the street or something. And she waved back at all three of us with an equally cordial smile while gripping the table with her other hand as she thrust back at the man who was fucking her bum. When he saw us, Maggie said something to him which really fired him up to really get into his -- and Maggie's -- enjoyment of their performance. I suppose she told him she knew me.
I nudged both of my rapt companions. "You can see she's into it," describing the obvious and they nodded as they watched Maggie, seeing how much she wanted it even from our distance. Shirley gripped my hand tightly.
But it had to end. The man pressed hard into her for a moment then quickly pulled out. Maggie stood up and gave him a thank-you peck on the cheek as she flattened her dress back down. She then walked demurely over to us. I watched every step she took towards us. She got a few approving remarks on the way, and she smiled back at most of them. Although the last one she looked dramatically shocked.
"Hi," she said to my companions and then looked to me.
"What was that about?" I asked her regarding her drama.
"That man asked if he could fuck me up the arse. The cheek of it," she expounded with the same drama she had shown her anal suitor.
"Did he cum in you?" I asked her, keeping it light like I was asking Maggie whether she wanted a drink or something. "The one that you let..."
Maggie shook her head. "No, but I got to have two huge orgasms. He said he enjoyed himself, he was all right." She thought for a moment. "I think he's saving himself up for someone special." And she gave me a knowing look, like someone else was saving something special for someone and one of those someones was me.
Phaedra nudged me. "I think she means you," she told me, like I had not worked it.
"And who are you?" Maggie asked her regally. So the introductions got done all around. "So you two virgins just want to watch this time?" Maggie uttered, as if she could not believe such a thing. She turned to me. "Do you want to show them anything?" We were clearly beyond innuendo.
I looked Maggie over for a moment, acting like I had to thoroughly think through this big decision. "I think you should lose the dress," I told her with some firmness.
Maggie thought about that for a moment. "All of it?" she asked.
I looked at her aghast. Was there any other way to lose it? "All of it," I confirmed.
Maggie looked around for a moment as if someone might object if she obeyed me. Then she casually raised the dress over her head. Naturally she had no panties on. If she had worn any to the bar, she would have surrendered them to Josie when she changed her wristband. She pulled the dress up higher, over her sensible black bra.
Shirley interjected before I could say the same thing. "The bra has to go," she announced. Maggie looked at this stranger who was telling her to strip completely naked and then looked to me for my opinion. I just looked over to Shirley and nodded, making sure that Maggie saw that. She shrugged her shoulders and efficiently undid her bra and removed it, folding her dress and placing it on the bar. She put the bra on top. Then, completely naked, she looked to me. I just looked back, like I was in no hurry.
A bouncer came over. "I don't think you're allowed to do that," he advised gruffly.
That made Maggie confident in her exposure. With hands on her hips she challenged him. "Why not?"
"It's not a nudist bar. Do you see anyone else doing that?"
Maggie made to look around the room. She looked back at the bouncer. "I was told I have to be ready for anal sex, nothing is allowed to be in the way," she recited. "Well, I'm as ready as can be," she added, flourishing her hands down her body to show the large man that there was clearly nothing to stop anal entry once she consented. "That's the point, isn't it?" Maggie asked.
The bouncer spoke into his two-way. "I'll be right back," he advised, hinting that we should not go anywhere in his absence. As if. Maggie grinned at me, this was more like it. This disruption was right up her alley. And we had an audience. Other groups had looked over at us. Although until it was resolved, they kept their distance while the four of us chatted waiting for the bouncer to reappear.
He soon came back, looking serious. Only when he was up close did he adopt a small smile. "Management say that they are surprised that no one has thought of this before." Maggie grabbed me around the waist as she nodded at the bouncer that she was grateful. "Enjoy the rest of your night," he concluded as he slipped away, affecting to be checking on the patrons around us to ensure that they too were obeying all the rules.
"I suppose you want to fuck me?" Maggie asked me.
I smiled at her a little archly. "I guess I will in good time. Now let's enjoy ourselves while I think about getting around to it." Maggie gave me a curious glance which I chose to ignore. Instead I asked her if she wanted a drink. When she told me what, I smiled and gently touched her arm. "I'll leave you in the company of these beautiful ladies," I announced, feeling a little naughty for invoking that cliché. But why not? For the Hell of it, I went down the other end of the bar to get served.
I returned with the drinks and to find Maggie still standing with Phaedra and Shirley. Our new acquaintances looked a little uncomfortable. "Were you trying to talk them into some arse fucking?" I asked Maggie as I handed her the drink she had requested.
Maggie sighed. "It's so natural to do it," she announced, making sure that the two other women were involved in our discussion, "I really don't know what their problem is."
"Look," I argued with Maggie as I put an arm around the nearest one, Shirley, holding my drink in the other hand, "it's always fear of the unknown. I'll bet you were a bit apprehensive before your first time."
Maggie laughed. "Not me! I just wanted to do it. I almost felt sorry for the poor guy. He wanted to be gentle with me, big mistake!" She laughed. Shirley and Phaedra joined in with respectful laughter, hoping that they would not have to make any similar confessions. You could see them tightening up. Maggie and I stared at them but they were not about to offer any of their own confessions. Shirley wriggled out of my embrace.
Maggie grew frisky. She rubbed herself up against me now that I was free, knowing exactly what she was doing. She pressed her crotch against my thigh. And even grabbed my cock through my pants, telling the other two how hard it was. "Please," she asked.
"Soon..." I teased.
"Look, here I am with my bum out and available and ready for some action. And nothing's happening!" She looked meaningfully at Phaedra. While Shirley was trying to be distant, looking around and trying not to connect with those who were watching us to see what would happen.
"Something will happen. I'm sure it will," Phaedra stumbled.
"There is that guy you said no to." Shirley turned back to nudge Maggie to look where she was pointing.
"Oh," I intruded, "which one?" Shirley pointed to a tidily dressed nondescript sort of guy who was chatting animatedly with two mates, totally involved with them. He was not unattractive, just good looking enough to expect that in a place like the Back Bar the women would do the work to get his pants down, no doubt finding him agreeable and ready. Can't blame him for misreading Maggie, I guess.
"Oh yes him," Maggie confirmed to me with a little concern in her voice. Maybe bashful at how she had treated him?
"Bring him over here," I told her. I think she wanted to hear that.
Maggie obeyed quickly, sidled off towards his group, making sure to wriggle her bottom suggestively at me as she went, even looking over her shoulder to ensure that I was watching. She tapped her quarry on his arm and he turned around to see who it was, smiling when he recognised her, no doubt now enjoying the sight of her in all her glory. She explained what I suggested, and he came back with her when she took him by the hand to walk him up to us. No complaint from him, no reticence when he faced me with the naked Maggie standing by his side. Although, to my amusement, she now looked concerned at what I might suggest.
I smiled and shook his hand when he introduced himself as Trevor. "You want to fuck Maggie?" I asked him as she pressed herself up against him like they were old lovers or something. He smiled down at her beaming face. With his hands now free he reached behind her and after caressing the cheeks of her bottom for a polite moment, he inserted a finger into her.
Maggie wriggled around that intruding finger to get it deeper into her. "I like that," she oozed, "but I really want a hard cock in there, something bigger." She ran her hand across the front of his trousers as if what she had said was not obvious enough.
I smiled wickedly. "I think not," I announced. "She's saving herself for something special, aren't you Maggie?"
She looked surprised for a moment and then resigned to my suggestion. "That's right," she responded, not entirely convincingly.
Trevor immediately withdrew his finger. "I understand," he faltered. He understood consent and knew what he had to do. "Pity," he added.
"Thanks anyway," Maggie whispered back to him and gently took his recently embedded finger in her mouth and made to lick it clean. All the time she stared at me, hopeful that I would change my mind. I smiled and shook my head. Maggie held Trevor's hand for a moment when she was done. "Maybe some other time," she added, this time with a sharp glare at me. Trevor did the right thing and returned to his mates. Although now they were watching us, I guess to see what we would do next.
"Now can we?" Maggie pleaded with me. I chose to look to the other two who had studied the Trevor encounter silently.
"I think she deserves it," Shirley decided. Phaedra nodded.
"I guess so," I agreed. I knew that I could only prolong the teasing so far. And we had reached a pretty good point. Maggie was begging for it. And I was very hard. And we had an audience. To my surprise, Phaedra unbuttoned my pants, freed me from my underwear and grabbed my hard cock now it was exposed, perhaps to ensure I did not continue the game any longer.
"That cock is about to go into Maggie's bottom," Shirley warned Phaedra who wanked me a few unnecessary times as Maggie turned around and presented her bottom to me. For a short moment I admired it. It really was worth waiting for, smooth and tight. Shirley seemed to sense what was needed. She reached around and spread Maggie's cheeks to give me better access. And Phaedra gripped my cock and pressed it up against my friend's awaiting hole. I realised that Maggie and I had never kissed, had never fucked. And now this. We had cuddled chastely after our previous time at The Back Bar. But that was it. And now the head of my cock was in her arse. Maggie gripped Shirley's shoulders for support as I pushed in further.
"Agghh, yes! At last!" Maggie gasped as I started to fuck her properly. "Urrgghh!" Then she tensed. "Slow down," she pleaded. As I realised that in my lust / release I had really started to go for it. I was not likely to last long like that, what with the overload of sensations where we were joined as well as the overwhelming excitement of having finally penetrated such a great looking arse, not to mention that I was embedded for the first time in my good friend. Shirley wiped Maggie's hair gently from her eyes as she studied her face as if she could learn from Maggie's expressions what it was like to be fucked in this way.
I felt Phaedra reach around my waist from behind me and squeeze her body against me as if she too wanted to be included as intimately as possible in the event. She even lightly nibbled my ear. I tried to last as long as I could in the middle of all of this. And I vaguely noticed that a number of the other patrons had come right up close to watch us too.
"Are you going to cum?" Shirley asked Maggie who was groaning with pleasure.
All Maggie could do was groan. "Gaaaaghhh... OOMMPPPPFFFFFF... AAGGHHAAAAAAAA... OOMMMPPFF." And then I felt her suddenly strongly push her butt back at me as her spasms started. I held still while she worked through her enjoyment. Eventually she relaxed, breathing heavily, heaving with pleasure as Shirley gently stroked her face.
And then returning to normal, Maggie disengaged from me. She stood up and turned to look at me, my cock still absolutely rigid. "Oh you poor boy," she smirked, now absolutely in control of herself, "what are you going to do about that?" She looked around at the group who were watching us, noting that a lot of them were men who clearly had lust in their eyes after our performance. "I'm sure you'll find something." She smiled. Now, who's next?" she challenged. I watched feeling somewhat ridiculous, with my cock out but abandoned while Maggie strode into our audience to check out the available talent. "You'll do," she decided as she sized up a muscular type who looked ready to go. She led him over to the couches to continue her enjoyment.
I stuffed myself back into my pants, seeing no other option and went to the bar for another drink. Only when I looked back to where I had just performed with Maggie did I realise that our two companions had slipped away about the same time that Maggie had chosen her next partner. Maybe they had had enough and were done for the evening. Well, I thought, they were good company while it lasted. And who knows what the future may hold?
I wandered around the room. Somehow, despite my black wristband I felt like a watcher, as I had felt on my first visit. From a safe distance I noticed that Bruno was fucking Roxanna who was enjoying it even louder than Maggie had. I noted that others who were watching them were keeping some distance away, I guess, just in case Bruno went off about something again. It made me proud that strangers were comfortable enough when they watched me perform with Maggie that they got right up close to us. Just the thought of what we had just done and what Maggie was presumably still doing in another part of the room got my cock stirring again. Although to be truthful, it had not really settled down since Maggie's abrupt finish.
Then I heard a commotion, a celebratory range of sounds coming from near the green door. A male voice cheered followed by raucous applause. Something good was going on. With no other distractions, I turned in that direction where a crowd had formed, so I could not immediately see what was happening. And then the crowd parted enough for me to see only a few metres away that Phaedra and Shirley were standing just inside the doorway, grinning as wide as they could in response to the commotion that they had caused. They were both completely naked. They saw me and grinned even wider.
"There you are!" they called out at me. Grinning wider, if that was even possible, they both held up their left wrists. To show me that they were now wearing black.
"You're gorgeous!" one of the men closest to them called out, "I'm ready if you are!"
But he had no chance now the girls had seen me. Shirley turned to her nearby suitor and smiled apologetically. "Sorry," she announced loudly, "but we want him!" And she came towards me.
Was this really happening? Apparently it was because both Phaedra and Shirley were soon hugging me from each side, both whispering stuff I could not catch. Then Phaedra spoke more clearly. "We're ready," she told me almost unnecessarily. And they led me over to the couches where Maggie was still going at it with her muscleman. They got on their knees side by side on the couch and looked over hopefully at me. Their bottoms... Well, they both had that nice curve where their waist flared out into the roundness of their butt cheeks then to their shapely, slightly muscular legs. Both spread themselves on the couch enough for their slits and buttholes to be perfectly on display, available, ready for me.
"I don't want to sound awkward," I suggested with a bit of concern, "but who wants to go first?"
They looked at each other before Phaedra laughed. "We didn't think about that," she gurgled. Then she looked admiringly at her naked friend. "You're the one who needs to be convinced, Shirley. You go."
Shirley looked to me like there was no alternative. She had wondered what it would be like, she had watched other women in the bar enjoying it. And now it was finally about to happen to her. I paused for a moment to admire the two enticing young bottoms being wriggled at me by these two previously reticent women who suddenly knew exactly what they wanted. It had the desired effect on me. I was rigid, steel hard. Of course, Maggie's continual orgasmic groans right next to us on the lounge added to my sensations. I had my cock out and I was ready to go. But still I had to be sure. I knelt down to lick Shirley's bottom. Gee, it looked good, pale and tight. I tickled her ring with my tongue and she spasmed in reaction so I stuck my tongue right in. I continued that for a moment until I felt a light touch on my back.
"Come on," Phaedra insisted, "that's not what we're here for." Obeying that order and with Shirley smiling enticingly over her shoulder at me, I positioned myself behind her, my cock against her hole, so she could push back as she desired. And no hesitation, she really wanted it, I realised as she pushed back hard to make sure that I was suddenly deep inside her. We got into it and maybe spurred by Maggie's performance near us, Shirley became vocal too, grunting then suddenly calling "fuck, fuck, yessss!!" I felt her tighten around me.
"Did you come, Shirl?" Phaedra called over to her.
"Uh, uh, yeah," she replied while her arse still pulsated around my cock.
"My turn then," Phaedra announced. I leant forward, pecked Shirley behind the ear apologetically then disengaged, still hard enough to plunge into Phaedra.
"I'm so ready," Phaedra gasped which was obvious to me as I had gone in first time as deep as I could go, my balls touched her slit. Based on her juddering and utterings it was clear that Phaedra was not going to take very long either to get to her first orgasm. I wondered if she would want many more. But she worked with both hands on first of all my balls and then on my own rear end, suggested she had decided that not only was she after a quick and strong orgasm of her own but also that she wanted me to cum inside her too. And the things Phaedra was doing to me, that was going to happen pretty soon. And suddenly with one of her fingers in my butt, I came in hers, stream after stream as my build-up and frustration from earlier finally came to release. I collapsed on top of her still cumming into her, but now less forceful. Still she pushed back each time, enjoying it as much as me.
Then loud grunts from the other two on the couch. Maggie's man came loudly inside her as Phaedra and I lay there prone, still connected. And then weirdly, with her man still inside her, Maggie leaned over to give me a true passionate kiss even though I was still inside Phaedra. Shirley looked down at the four of us and shook her head in disbelief.
*
Maggie and I were having a quiet drink at the bar, not saying too much to each other except for the occasional "look over there, at them" and "I don't know how they manage to keep on going," which was my response when Maggie pointed out that Bruno and Roxanna were either still continuing at it or that they had paused for a while before going at it again.
I did not notice that Josie from the door had sidled up to us. She tapped me on the arm. "How about it?" she smiled.
Remembering our earlier encounters, I startled then apologised, shaking my head. "I don't think I can get it up again, sorry." I was shagged out and did not want to disappoint with a sub-par performance, although I did not explain that.
Josie shrugged. "Oh well, maybe next time."
I smiled at her. "What makes you think there'll be a next time?" I wondered.
Josie chose to look to Maggie and gave her a wink that she knew I could see too. "Oh there will," Josie promised. Maggie smiled, as wide as she could be.
Phaedra and Shirley wandered over to us, back in their clothes. "Thanks," Phaedra announced on behalf of both of them, "we're leaving now." They each gave me a passionate kiss. Then they both pecked Maggie chastely on the mouth. Their embraces seemed a completely different level of sexiness, these three women I had fucked the other way while being watched by so many in the room. And, I mused, I had not fucked them the usual way. It was odd. As here we were in our clothes, farewelling each other so casual, so well, normally.
But the night was over. Again, like last time I walked Maggie back to my house, chatting as we ever did as we turned into my street and went inside the house, chatting as we took off most of our clothes in my bedroom, until Maggie now in only her bra and panties put her hand on mine to stop me dropping my boxer shorts, the only piece of clothing between me and my nakedness.
"I don't think so," Maggie stated, quite firmly, just as she had the first time in my bedroom. She smiled though. "I think you've had quite enough for one night," she chided me as she fondled my wristband. Yes, we still had our black wristbands on. Then she grabbed my semi-hard cock through my boxers. "You paid up to do one thing," she stated as she gripped my cock through the material. She looked me semi-seriously in the eyes. "And I think we've had quite enough of that for one night," she whispered as she got into my bed.