I thought how wonderful it was to sail around on your boat today, the waves lapping against the side of the boat as I was lapping along the shaft of your cock. I took you into my mouth and a sudden wave hits the boat, making me take more of you than I intended, so I gag a little bit. My pussy began getting all wet as I taste your cock and play with your balls. We're just drifting in the water as you take all my clothes off and toss them into the sea. I lean across the bow of your boat as you enter me from behind, savagely pounding into me.
Fucking me so hard there is an edge of pain to the glorious amount of pleasure.
You fucked me so hard I didn't even realize that it'd begun to rain on us, my pussy still making your cock wetter than the rain ever could. You pulled out and spun me around, shoving me to my knees and make me taste myself on your cock.
Grabbing a handful of hair, you fucked my mouth but wouldn't let me finger my own pussy. You pushed me to the deck of the boat and started fucking my pussy even harder, so hard my juices started flowing down my crack towards my ass. You said "Well, since your ass seems to be so well lubed up now, I might as well fuck that too."
You fingered it a little bit lubing my asshole with my own cum so your finger just slid right in. You gently eased the head of your cock into my super tight asshole, stretching it out and starting to fill me up. Then with a quick shove, you buried your cock deep into my ass.
I cry out but it began raining even harder so the sound didn't go very far. Even though we are fairly close to shore, the people walking around there couldn't hear me. They didn't hear all the nasty things you said you wanted to do to me. No one heard your balls slapping against my pussy but I felt them. I feel the sting of your hand as it comes down hard on my ass over and over and over again. You leaned forward and pulled my wet, tangled hair back hard as you thrust forcefully into my ass again and again. Your other hand reaches down and fingers my swollen clit.
I called out for you to fuck me harder and even though the sound didn't travel, you knew my mind and picked up the pace. You picked me up and carried me over to the railing. Even though the people on the shore couldn't hear us, a few people have begun to realize what we are going. A man on the shore points us out to his girlfriend and we could see her cover her mouth in shock. She started to turn away but he coaxed her into watching, turning her around towards us and hugging her against the railing from behind.
I can see his hand disappear into her pants as her hand vanishes behind her back into his pants I assume. They are subtle and no one around them is paying much attention since they are concentrating too hard on getting out of the rain. They are mirroring us as best they can and we can tell from the look on her face that his fingers are buried as deep within her pussy as your cock is within mine.
As I held onto the railing, you delved even further into my ass. You noticed the couple on the shore too and lean forward to speak into my ear, "See the effect we have on people? If we were closer to shore I'd invite them over, let them share in the fun up close and personal."
I struggle to form the words but I ask "What would you have them do with us?"
You thrust home hard and paused as you leaned forward to say "I would have you suck his cock while I fuck your ass and he eats out his little girlfriend's pussy."
You thrust hard again.
"Then I'd have him watch while you eat her out and I fuck her ass."
You thrust hard twice in a row.
"Then I'd fuck your pussy while he fucks your ass and she licks it all up."
You run your hand from the front of my pussy to where you've buried yourself into my ass.
"I bet you want all these holes filled up, huh? Maybe I should have you eat his girlfriend's snatch while we both fuck you. I bet you'd like that."
You grabbed my tits and squeezed them very hard, pinching my nipples while you continued to fuck my ass.
"Oh, holy fuck. Your ass is so tight. I'd better start fucking your pussy again so I don't cum right now. Though your pussy is so tight too, I might cum anyway. You want me to fuck your pussy again?"
I could do little more than nod and moan my agreement.
"I asked you a question. Do you want me to fuck your pussy again?"
I couldn't make out the words because my throat is consumed with moaning. You start to slow your actions as you say
"If you don't tell me, I'm going to stop. I'll ask you one more time. Do you want me to fuck your pussy?"
Your cock slowed down until it almost stopped but still moved inside me. I felt you about to pull out when I say, "Yes, yes I do." You inched back inside my ass slowly but deeply.
"Yes, what? What do you want me to do?"
You slowly started to withdraw again as I say louder, "Yes, I want you to fuck my pussy."
You slap my ass hard.
"Louder" you say.
I feel you slam home into my ass as I scream out "FUCK MY PUSSY!"
The couple on the shore looks up in surprise. Apparently they heard me that time. I felt you smiling behind me as you pulled out and quickly and strongly thrust into my soaking wet cunt. You grabbed hold of my shoulders and pounded me mercilessly sending me on wave after wave of orgasm.
You pulled my shoulders against you as you stood up and then your arms moved underneath my legs as you lifted me in the air, exposing my cock stuffed pussy to those watching on the shore. They are the only ones left outside now and they are watching me get fucked senseless.
Your thick, fat, still rock hard cock beating a rhythm into my dripping hole. Every time I thought I was done cumming another wave crashed over me. You staggered back into a sitting position against the center of the boat. You lay back but kept fucking me harder and harder.
My legs were shaking so much that I couldn't stand up so I leaned back against you, feeling every inch of your fantastic dick enter my pussy again and again. You stood back up and brought me over to the railing again, this time leaning me over so far I could've grabbed my own ankles.
You pulled out of my pussy and placed your cock on the divide of my ass, pushing my cheeks together to encase your throbbing dick. You pumped faster and faster against me. I couldn't feel it but I knew you were cumming by the way you grabbed my ass cheeks even stronger while you released a primal yell to the shore. "FUCK!"
I look up in time to see that the couple on the shore has somewhat echoed our finishing position. She was leaning over the railing as if to see something in the water while he was grabbing a hold of her coat. Both of their faces are contorted in ecstasy. I can't tell if they were actually fucking or not but it's obvious to us that they both came.
You helped the rain erase the traces of your cum from my ass and back and then pulled me fully back onto the boat. You turned me around to face you and then planted a very soft and gentle kiss on my lips. The kiss intensified but still remained what for us, is somewhat chaste. You gathered me up in your arms and together we walked back into the warm, dry confines of the cabin.
We collapsed on the bed and were quickly asleep, though your hand finds its usual spot between my legs before we completely surrender to the sleep we both so desperately need. I wondered what became of the couple on the shore but your fingers moving against my clit brought that thought to a screeching halt. I nuzzled back against you and wondered, "In what new ways will he find to fuck me tomorrow?" The thought made me smile as I fell asleep in your grasp.