This chapter is only to set the stage. Actual events start from the next chapter. This story is based on real incidents with some fiction for flavour. Please give your valuable feedback
All Characters are over 18 years of age
*
Sundar was from a rural part of southern India. He joined a college in a big city which was far from home. He stayed in the college hostel like most Indian students. To avoid ragging by seniors, the first year students were made to stay in separate hostel building. The seniors hostel was separated from juniors hostel by a play ground in between.
Sundar was a feminine looking boy. He was slightly chubby but not fat. He had a round girl like ass. He also had slightly long hair. He had very little facial and body hair. His hip swayed when he walked. He talked like a girl with slightly exaggerated expressions. His voice was also high pitched. Because of all this he was always made fun of by his friends. They called him a trans. But he did not mind being insulted. He actually felt that the embarrassment was turning him on.
Because of the separate hostels the ragging was less severe. But seniors caught hold of the juniors quite often and made them do small chores like buying things, writing an assignment for them,etc. Since this was way less ragging than the previous years, juniors did not mind and they obeyed the seniors to keep a good rapport. Nonetheless no junior dared to make a complaint to the authorities.
Among the juniors Sundar could draw very nicely and had a great handwriting. Most seniors used him specifically for their assignment works. Sundar was more than obedient to finish them. His excessively submissive nature made his friends make more fun of him. They insulted him saying he had no balls. As the junior year was almost nearing its end Sundar's humiliation progressed to physical from verbal. Guys started tickling him or pinching his butt because he was very ticklish and he squealed like a girl when he was pinched or tickled. Often they made him wear a skirt and dance like a girl which he secretly loved. He enjoyed being humiliated like that
But one day they caught hold of him and spanked his ass thoroughly to watch him squirm. Although it was on his clothes, the pain was severe. Sundar loved all the verbal humiliation but he was not pain tolerant. The spanking incident made him really angry and he decided he was not going to let anyone take advantage of him anymore. On the same day when he was coming back from college, one senior caught hold of him. This guy was actually very polite and asked Sundar if its ok to give his assignment to him. He needed it finished urgently as he had to submit it in two weeks time to get permitted for the exams. Sundar was lost in thought and pain and he took the notebooks without saying anything and came to his hostel room. That evening he was not able to sit because of the pain. He decided to put an end for all his problems. When he was thinking about what he should do he saw the senior's notebooks in front of him. He decided to do the one thing that all others were scared to do. To make a complaint of ragging to the authorities. He knew after that no one would trouble him.
The next day morning he went to the principal's office, gave the notebooks and gave a written complaint on the senior. His name was Dev. After the complaint Dev was called for an enquiry and he was suspended for a week. He was disbarred from the hostel and warned to be dismissed from the college if there was one more complaint on him. Sundar saw Dev leaving the place in tears. This news spread fast in both the hostels. Seniors stopped asking help from juniors. And all his class mates were shocked that Sundar would do something like this. They now hated Sundar for spoiling the smooth relation between the juniors and seniors. They stopped talking to him. He never really had any friends, only those who made fun of him. Now no one even talked to him.
Almost ten days went by. Sundar was now a social outcast in the hostel. There were only a few days before the study holidays began. Few guys already left the hostel to go home to study, but Sundar was among the others who decided to stay back in the hostel during the holidays. When he reached his room after college, he saw an envelope delivered to his room underneath the door. He opened it. It was an order for him to vacate his room and move to the seniors hostel, to enable using the holidays to make the room ready for the next set of juniors. He thought everyone in his hostel got a similar order, but he was shocked to know that he was the only one who got it. The order also specified that he had only one day's time to move his things. It said his room would be locked after one day and he would have to pay a fine if he had not vacated by then. He was confused but did not have time to think. He packed all this things. No one in the hostel came to help him. He carried all his things alone and went to the seniors hostel. When he entered the place, everyone there looked at him with a slight anger and disgust. He carried his things to the designated new room. The room was open and empty. He kept his things in the room and laid down on the bed. He immediately slept as he was tired from carrying all the things and walking.