Sue had got tickets to a rock festival with a band I like, and came over so we could drive the 60 miles or so to the venue. We'd agreed to take my van, as apparently it was "my turn to drive."
She knocked on the door, and I let her in. She was wearing a black vest type shirt, with a black bra underneath, a red plaid miniskirt with what looked like short black yoga pants under it, and clumpy black boots.
"Yeah," I said, "that won't do."
I took off her boots, and pulled the yoga pants down. She had a black thong on underneath, but she stopped me when I went to take it off.
"I don't want to be flashing my pussy to hundreds of people," she said.
"Thousands," I said, and she shivered a little.
I let her put the boots back on, then took off her vest.
"I don't want to wear that without a bra," she said.
"Hmm," I said, "let's see".
I took her bra off her, and had her put the vest back on. She wiggled around and her tits immediately fell out.
"No," she said.
I went into my bedroom and came back with an old red T-shirt. I loved her in my shirts, as they're way too tight on her. She took her vest off, and put the shirt on, struggling to get it over her tits. I went and got some scissors, cutting it off just below her tits, so there was a lot of underboob when she wiggled around. I put a vertical cut in it at the neck, so it opened up to show some cleavage too.
"That's better," I said.
She didn't seem too unhappy, so we headed down to my van and headed out. Once we were out of town and moving, I told her to take her shirt off. Once she'd done that, I told her to push her tits up against the passenger side window, giving people we passed a show. Once we were on the freeway, she also took off her skirt, sitting there in just the black thong and boots. I played with her tits and pussy without looking over while we were driving.
There was a truck coming up in the slow lane, so I told her to get up on the seat and stick her butt against the window. As we passed the truck, I beeped the horn, and the truck driver did a double take before laying on his air horn. We laughed, and she sat back down.
She got dressed again as we got closer to the venue, and as we drove through the parking lot looking for a space, obviously felt better about her state of undress - she didn't look out of place in this crowd.
We went and lined up to get in, with her in front so I could play with her while we were standing in line. A girl a few hundred feet in front of us was standing there, topless, so I pulled Sue's shirt up above her tits and stood there holding them. She seemed embarrassed, but as nobody was treating this like it was weird, she didn't stop me. As we got closer to the line, she pulled her top back down, and we handed over our tickets and went in.
When the band came on, we danced around and sang along. Sue spent a lot of time hanging on to me, and in a quiet bit said "people keep touching me." People were touching me all the time, but then I don't have my butt hanging out like she did. She was also having trouble keeping her top covering her tits, and watching it over the night, the vertical cut seemed to be getting a little longer from time to time when she pulled it down. I put her in front of me, with her butt up against me, and she seemed a lot more relaxed after that. She even danced for a while with her shirt sitting high enough that her nipples were in view - she wasn't the only topless girl in the crowd.
When the band came out for the encore at the end, the crowd went wild - underwear was being thrown, and Sue tore her shirt open like Hulk Hogan, then danced around with her tits flapping about and just the sleeves and back doing anything to cover her. She went skipping off into the crowd, and I kept an eye on her. When the lights came up, she came back, holding the remains of her shirt together across her chest.
I sat down on the floor, as I figured we'd wait for the crowd to disperse before heading out, rather than standing in a crowd waiting for the exits to clear. Sue came and straddled me, facing me, and sat on my lap. I put my arms around her back, and she pushed her tits into my face, and was grinding her pussy up against me. We weren't the only ones sitting down.
After a few minutes, she reached down under the front of her skirt and undid my jeans, pulling them apart. She fished my dick out, and pulled her thong aside and slid it inside her. She sat there, slowly grinding in circles while tensing her muscles to massage me. I thought it was obvious what was going on, but there was very little to see.
The crowds were starting to thin, and I could see some full on naked people playing around, and I swear there was fucking - either on the floor, standing or up against things, and sometimes more than two people. I pointed that out to Sue, and she started watching them, while still grinding a little into me.
Shortly afterwards, she came, and bit my shoulder to avoid crying out too much. She lifted off me, and reached under the front of her skirt to put my dick away. She got up, and I could see her thong was still off to the side of her pussy, so I reached up and pulled it down, getting her to step out of it. I put the tiny scrap of material in my pocket, got up and we headed for the door.
When we got to the van, I opened the side door, and pointed at her muddy boots.
"You should probably take those off rather than ruin my carpet."
I held her hand to support her as she bent over at the waist, showing her naked butt to everybody behind her, and undid the laces. She stepped out of them, and took her socks off, putting them inside the boots. I reached out and took the remains of her shirt off her, leaving her in just her skirt. I took her thong out of my pocket, and tossed it into the van, then hugged her and gave her a passionate kiss.
I put my hand out, and she just looked at it. Then looked at me. Then looked at all the concert goers around us, very few of them looking at the topless girl next to the van. She took her skirt off, and handed it to me. There were a bunch of cheers, and people started to come closer to see her better. I helped her into the van, and watched her sit on the back seat, climbed in then closed the door. The side and rear windows were dark enough that you couldn't see in them, especially at night.
Having locked the doors, I sat down next to her, and she said "that was amazing," and kissed me.
She was still naked, and said "I've been bad, haven't I?"
I was a little confused. "Have you?"
She said "I didn't let you cum, but I came."
She got down on her knees in front of me, and undid my jeans, fishing out my dick. She pushed her mouth onto it, and started sucking.
I sat there, in the dark, getting my dick sucked. She moved closer to me, and wrapped her tits around my dick, licking the head when it popped out from between them.
After a short time doing this, she went back to sucking until I came, and she swallowed, then cleaned me off completely with her mouth.
By now the crowd had mostly dispersed, so I got dressed and moved into the driver's seat, started the engine and pulled away. Sue stayed in the back for a while, sorting out something to wear. Eventually she came and joined me in the front, wearing just her boots and skirt. Everything else was in the back on the van. She waved at anybody who saw her on the way home, but it was late and the drive back was quiet.
When we got back to my place, she walked to the downstairs door, then took her skirt off and stood there waiting for me. I was collecting the scraps of clothing from the van, then came over and took her skirt from her so she could walk up with just her boots on.
I stopped her at my door, and made her bend over at the waist again and take her boots and socks off so as to not track dirt over my carpet, and then we went in.