When Jo got home from work that day in the seventies the summer sun was setting on the harbour of the small West Country coastal town we called home. The last of the trucks taking fish to distant markets had gone and the seafront was quiet. Our small two-bedroom end-of-terrace house was at the wrong end of the town but we could afford it, and it was by the sea. Albeit also by a tangle of nets, wires, rusty bins and sundry other detritus of a small though still viable fishing fleet. Fisherfolk are among the busiest but untidiest on the planet. We didn't mind. We were young. We'd not been married long, had our feet on the bottom rung of the housing ladder and jobs we enjoyed. Later on, when kids came along, jobs became careers and we'd moved to the London catchment area, we would look back on this time as our taste of paradise.
"I've got cheesy baked potatoes ready with a salad. Fancy a glass of wine?"
"Oh yes, please", she said.
I trotted over to the red winebox and drew a decent sized portion. I handed it to her. "Long day?"
"We were trying to finish the set-up of the exhibition for the Council on the tin mine trail idea. The big hoardings with the old mine-heads silhouetted against perfect West Country blue skies were late arriving. The Pinocchio effect. Though to be fair today's weather has been great."
She slumped on the settee. A lovely sight in her smart work skirt suit and white shirt. She put the glass on the coffee table, took off her jacket, undid a couple of buttons on the shirt and hitched her legs up underneath her on the settee.
"What about you?"
"Nothing special. I was home quite early. I watched the last boats unload then went for a quick beer at The Shiny Pilchard before walking back home."
We were lucky we were both able to walk to work though we did own a small car. I was with the local office of a national engineering firm and Jo worked for a small but growing company which specialised in tourism promotion and event management. We'd met through work when she was lead person on a do my firm was putting on, hosting our national sales conference at the main hotel in the town. A treat for the city types. Off season, of course.
"I do have news of a sort", said Jo. "But it will keep till later. Let's eat".
My interest quickened, as she'd intended, but I decided to play along. Jo could be a real tease. But she nearly always followed through and I'd learned quickly to let things take their own course rather than ride steeplechase after the quarry.
"Sure", I replied.
After our delicious, if not quite the healthiest of meals and a glass of wine for Jo later we were sat on the settee watching the TV news before turning in. I was gently stroking Jo's leg, slowly pushing up her skirt, and she was very slowly moving her leg against mine to let me know this was a very good idea. The news was the usual mish-mash of industrial unrest, the latest gory crime story, and international tensions. Star Wars was yet to burst on the scene and change our lives forever the way Star Trek hadn't quite managed. For us TV was really just a backdrop to our being nice to each other at the end of our day. Jo opened her legs invitingly and I began to work gently up and down the slick material of her knickers. She rocked her hips encouragingly as I wondered what had brought this on but knew better than to ask.
"It's probably time to go up", she offered.
"It would seem so", I agreed.
Snuggled up in bed Jo began stroking my tummy while I worked hard at relaxing. The hard part was anything but relaxed but she carefully avoided direct contact.
"I did mention news of sorts."
"You did."
"A colleague, Phil, from our wee head office in London is coming to visit us next week."
"Really?"
"I said we could put him up for the night. Save on hotel costs and so on. I said I'd talk to you first, of course."
"Of course. Is he some kind of heavy breather in your world then?"
"No. He's interested in some tips on how to present a theme he's been working on. We may be out of the way here, but our work is getting noticed. He may have other attributes though."
The stroking continued, gentle, regular, and for some reason the mention of other attributes got the hard part harder yet. I crumbled, as she knew I would.
"What other attributes?"
"Oh, just ladies' washroom talk. Nothing specific."
I was now truly chewing on the fly and the line had gone taut.
"And what are the ladies in the washroom saying?"
"They say he's quite big. Well, really big to be honest."
"Darling, anyone looks big compared to us", I countered.
Her hand wrapped round my distended cock. "I think the ladies may mean he has a really big one of these."
I shifted position to do a bit of fondling myself and stave off spraying the sheets.
"Indeed?"
Delving into her soaking cunt I whispered, "So you're planning to check out if the talk is for real?"
"Purely for reasons of research", she softly replied, moving against my exploring fingers as I began massaging her clit.
"And will this research include any practical aspects?"
"It might."
"Might you want to see how it felt pushing against here?" I asked, working my fingers over her dripping opening.
"That would seem a sensible suggestion", she breathed huskily.
"And what about here?" I moved my well lubricated index finger and stroked her anus.
"Oh, oh yes, maybe there too. He could be too big, but yes!"
I had returned my attention to her clit and she was obviously now very horny indeed.
"Would you want him to just push it against your cunt or would you let him slip inside?" I moved between her legs and positioned my cock against her warm folds.
"I'd have to let him slide it right in. All the way in. Right inside my hungry wet cunt!" she shouted as I did just that. I lifted up so she could play with herself the way she liked and she bucked against me madly while fanning her clit.
"For research...Oh yes, yes. A great big fat research, Yes!!" she screamed. And I felt my cock further stiffen as hot squirts filled her and flooded round my shaft.
"Happy Friday", I gasped. "Good thing we've got the weekend ahead."
It turned out that the business trip was to be a quick in and out affair. Phil was getting an early train from London and being picked up by Jo at the station around 10.00am next Friday. They would have the rest of the day with her team and then we would provide dinner, bed and breakfast and Phil would be off back to London on the mid-day train on Saturday. The only preparation I did was check that we had baby oil and Vaseline, just in case. We hadn't discovered KY Jelly and I'm not even sure it was available back then. I didn't mention this precautionary stocktake to Jo but we did talk about the dinner menu. We shared the cooking and shopping as both of us enjoyed preparing good food. Fine wine was another matter. It was pricey and the wine box was so convenient. For eats we settled on home-made mushroom soup followed by cottage pie and veggies. Tasty but not flash. I made a note to put a few cans of Long Life in the fridge.
And then we got on with the next week of our lives. Like war, but with much less gore, grief and stress, normal life mainly consists of long periods of routine punctuated by short periods of excitement of one sort or another. Unlike our parents neither of us had to take part in a war, for which we're both very grateful, but peacetime's punctuations can sometimes be a lot of fun. Admittedly not always.
Jo and I had discovered, somewhat to our surprise, that we were both good at knuckling down and working through the daily grind while able to spot and eagerly sample a passing oasis of fun when one appeared. We were neither party animals nor regular pub goers, nor were we locked into the dinner party round that some of our friends seemed to enjoy. We saved rather than took expensive holidays. But if fun arrived unannounced, count us in.
So, the next Friday came round with all the normality of every other end to the working week. Jo had taken the car as she was to pick Phil up at the station, so shopping after work had fallen to her. I'd prepped as much as I could on the agreed and simple catering front and left it in the fridge. I tended to get home earlier than Jo so I'd promised to do some final tidying and have some nibbles ready for her and Phil when they got in. I knew that hosting visitors at work, particularly those who came with a clear to do list, was taxing for all concerned. So, helping everyone relax afterwards was an essential part of making the whole thing a success. As it was, I needn't have worried about the success thing.
At just after six a couple of animatedly chatty people came through the front door. Jo just had her briefcase. The fellow, perhaps a little younger and certainly a little taller than us had a blue overnight bag as well as a briefcase. He put down his bags as I held out my hand to him.
"I'm Guy. You must be Phil unless Jo's spent the day with the wrong man."
"Right on the first count", he replied taking my hand firmly.
"Good you could join us. I'll take your bag up. Just follow me and I'll show you to your room and the bathroom and so on".
I trundled upstairs and put his bag on the bed in the spare room.
"We passed the bathroom and toilet at the head of the stairs. There's another loo and washbasin downstairs in a sort of cubby under the stairs just off the kitchen. Unusual, I know. But the place has been substantially changed since its early life as a fisher-family cottage. The downstairs is open plan now apart from the tiny entrance porch you came through. The kitchen, bathroom and toilets up and down are all at the back which keeps the plumbing simple. Make yourself at home, then come down when you've freshened up and I'll sort you a drink."
Back downstairs Jo had made a beeline for the winebox.
"I'll look after Phil if you want to go and freshen up yourself, darling", I offered.
"Thanks. I might take the opportunity to change into something more appealing too", she replied. She looked very appealing to me already in one of the shortish pleated skirts she liked and a white work shirt. A matching jacket set off the suit style outfit nicely. I wondered what she had in mind. I heard a bit of chatter and laughter from the stairs and then Phil came in clad in Levi's and a pale blue short sleeved shirt open at the neck.
"There's beer or wine. The red's winebox I'm afraid but quite quaffable. And the usual spirits and mixers. I've even got some dry vermouth and if you fancy a vodka martini, I could probably stretch to an olive to go with it!"
"What's the beer?"
"Long Life, in the can, of course."
"That'll be great. Crack the can and don't bother with a glass."
"Easy."
I grabbed a couple from the fridge and pulled the tabs, handing one to him. "Here's to a good trip, and Wales to take the crown."
"You'll not be surprised I'm supporting the fifteen men in white", he replied. "But you're a hard team to beat just now. It won't always be so."
We settled down to the usual joshing. And also, unsurprisingly, I was arguing for Gareth Edwards as the greatest player of all time; one of the very few predictions I've ever made that came anywhere close to being realised. Then I noticed his gaze shift over my shoulder and that small smile of a man observing a lovely lady entering the room and wondering what his chances might be.
I swivelled slowly and reckoned his chances looked excellent.
"Hi, darling. Wine?"
"Oh yes!"
I put down my can and went to do my duty at the winebox. Jo had sharpened her makeup and changed into a white low-cut blouse with a change of bra to the sort that enhances the cleavage, very tight white trousers and white heels. The trousers were cut to show the shape of the outer cunt lips over a tight central crease. An effect I was to learn in later life was called a "camel toe". Right now, the effect was just downright dirty. But the clincher was that underneath she had put on a black suspender belt and black stockinged feet filled her white high heels. I'd seen the trousers before but never with that choice of underwear. The outline was obvious and the darker colour just detectable under the very tightly stretched and so very slightly transparent white material. I had wondered how she was going to signal her availability, if she was going to at all. This was a masterstroke. She seemed to have forgotten to put on any knickers. It was a good thing I was at the winebox as I fought to keep control of my engorging cock. I returned with her glass and quickly excused myself to see to things at the kitchen end of the long through room.
On the way I visited the record deck and tape machines and switched from Mozart piano to a collection featuring the likes of Isaac Hayes. Slow, soft and soulful, it was a tape we dubbed the "knicker dropper". Albeit there seemed to be no knickers to drop. I dished up the soup and let people know things were ready, and Jo and Phil came over from the lounge area by the front window to the table set at the side of the middle ground. The big single open plan space was divided up by large bookcases set between the two pillars which were all that remained of the original corridor wall. On the other side from the dining area was a small office space with a filing cabinet, desk, chair and Anglepoise lamp. No computer, just a typewriter. We sat down to eat and I took the role of waiter while Jo and Phil continued chatting away, mostly shop, but that's what colleagues do. After a decent attempt had been made to demolish the cottage pie and offers of ice-cream or cheesecake had been declined, we returned to the comfort of the lounge with our drinks. I dimmed the lighting.
"We need to talk about payment for your hospitality", said Phil.
"No, we don't" returned Jo. "This is about saving expenses for the firm while we all have a good time. That way we can afford business trips when we need them without hitting the wafer-thin margins we operate on."
I sat back to watch this play out. This was a difficult one for Phil. Technically, he would be taking on someone who was both his senior and who had made a major contribution to getting the West Country office off the ground. Again, I needn't have worried. Phil swirled the Talisker I'd persuaded him to try, as he looked like a man collecting his thoughts. But he wasn't.
"Don't take this the wrong way folks, but there may be a way of my making things right without infringing the ground rules." He paused. "Do you lovely people by any chance enjoy the occasional blue movie?"
"Yes, we do", replied Jo. "But it is very occasional. I'm afraid we have only a couple of really tame films here, though we do have a screen and a small Super 8 projector."
"That's not a worry. When I was at uni I supplemented my income running a small and very discreet students' club. I imported films from Scandinavia. I declared the income to the tax people - never cross the Inland Revenue - and I was luckily able to avoid the attentions of the busybodies who don't like people having fun. That's all in the past now but I still have a few films. I brought a couple with me which I'd like to leave with you as my thank you. It's what I do these days, give the stuff away to friends. In the long run I see erotica becoming much more widely available than it is now so I don't need to keep an attic full!"
"That's a very kind thought Phil", said Jo as she pounced on the opening he had offered her. "But it might be a good idea to watch the films together before you leave them. A nostalgic moment for you perhaps?"
"Why not?", he replied, smiling broadly. "I was hoping we could reach an amicable arrangement along those lines."
"This sounds like a job for the audio-visual specialists from event management. I'll go and tidy up in the kitchen while you both set things up. You can move the office desk to stand the projector on. You may have to set it on the edge as the reel capacity is quite small so with larger spools the bottom reel may come below the base of the projector."
Jo grinned. "Typical. Delegate the job to us experts then start providing instructions!"
I trotted off, thoroughly chastened, to do my menial duties. I thought I'd leave them a good while to allow for developments, which was easy enough as I had a fair bit to do. Once I'd got things shipshape, I made my way back past the bookcase dividers, noticing the desk had gone, and stopped at the last divider. I put a hand against the case. "By the time I get to Phoenix" was burbling away in the background. Jo and Phil had everything set up and were leant over side by side with Jo nearer to me fiddling with the film feed in the projector. Phil's left hand rested on Jo's beautiful white clad bottom. He was tracing a line which would take his fingers from roughly her clitoris to her anus. Or rather his fingers were tracing the line; Jo was rocking very gently back and fore so that was the result. A tableau of raw eroticism. And a multitasking test for which she was earning top marks. She saw me out of the corner of her eye and I smiled. They carried on. I carried on watching. My cock carried on trying to burst out of my trousers.
Suddenly Jo steadied herself with a hand on the desk and looked round. "Hi, darling. I think we've got it sorted. It's an older black and white film reissued on super 8, and the sprocket slots on the first frames are worn. Phil says the other one is a colour version which hasn't been screened much, if at all."
"Well done, both of you", I replied. I didn't try to hide the bulge in my attire and noticed Phil had the same problem, though on a larger scale, when they both stood up from their joint efforts. "Is this show time, then?"
"Looks that way", said Phil.
I made my way to the armchair and left the settee to them. "Great. You get things going and then I'll kill the lights."
The machine whirred into life and the flickering intro frames flashed onto the screen. I nipped up and lost the lights and sat back down. We were illuminated by the light from the screen, and a very faint glow from the other end of the room where I'd left a kitchen shelf lamp on.
"Would you mind if gentlemen were permitted to loosen their clothing darling? Things can get pretty tight watching this sort of thing otherwise", I asked.
"If you mean 'can you boys get your cocks out?' the answer is yes, please! Soon as you like. Now, if you prefer."
I unzipped and let my straining stiffy get some fresh air. Phil did likewise, revealing a rock-hard truncheon of very impressive size indeed. Jo licked her lips, eyes locked on the beast. The music continued to burble in the background and the film flickered away. Phil put his hand between Jo's legs and began his gentle stroking again, this time in the other direction. Jo thrust her hips in unison and Phil leant over and whispered something to her. She giggled and looked over to me. "He says I should treat it as a lollipop."
"Excellent advice, my dear", I replied.
And in one of those deft moves only women seem able to manage Jo reached for the side zip of her trousers, unzipped them, pushed them down over her gorgeous buttocks and swivelled up onto the settee at the same time so she was kneeling side on to Phil. She took the head of his cock in her mouth while leaving her almost naked bum within easy reach. I divided my attention between them both and the screen, where a couple of fully dressed people were kissing on a settee not dissimilar to ours. I wondered whether they'd catch up with Jo and Phil anytime soon.
On screen the woman lay back as the man got down beside her and knelt on the floor. They continued kissing as he gently raised her skirt, sliding his hand up her leg. She lifted briefly to help him as stocking tops, suspender clips and then her girdle came into view. She was wearing white full cut knickers and he started stroking her gusset. She thrust her hips in encouragement the way Jo does. I was thinking Jo would like this bit, and would be able to see better were she facing the screen when Phil softly said something to her, she nodded, got up to face the screen, then bent with her hands on the lowish coffee table in front of the desk and projector thus presenting her bare bum to Phil. He got up, stood behind her and gently pushed his cock into her crack. First, he slipped slowly into her cunt and then withdrew and slid the helmet up to her anus and pushed gently. Then he slid back to her cunt and entered her again. Then slowly repeated. Each time he pushed gently against her anus Jo pushed back. They were working together to get her naturally lubricated and slowly opened up. I probably didn't need to mention the Vaseline or the Johnsons.
The man now had his hand in the woman's knickers, her skirt was around her waist, and she was bucking enthusiastically. He mouthed something to her and slipped down his trousers and pants. She swivelled off the settee and presented her bum to him as Jo had to Phil, pushing her knickers down to her knees. He started doing the same things with her as Phil was doing with Jo. They were catching up, but films do tend to travel a faster trajectory than does the real world. Next time Phil nudged Jo's anus she grunted, "Put it in!" But he backed off and slipped down for another dive into the warm wet deliciousness of her cunt. Now the man on the screen was about to enter the woman's anus and Jo shouted, "Stop fucking about. Shove that great big cock up my arse you bastard! Put it in! All the bloody way in!"
Phil pushed harder this time and kept pushing, and Jo pushed back. Hard. She scrunched up her eyes as she did so, grunting loudly, and Phil was in and sliding back and fore in time with the man on the screen. I marvelled at Jo's capacity to take what seemed to me like serious punishment, but clearly wasn't from her look of pleasure mingled with evidence of the effort she was putting in to match every thrust of Phil's evil truncheon. He reached round between her legs to find her clit and started roughly rubbing the general area with two or three fingers. Looking at Jo's reaction, rough was good. Really good.
"Harder, faster do it faster!" she shouted.
Phil did his level best not to disappoint. On the screen the man had let his stiff cock slip from the woman's arse and he was rubbing himself frantically. Then things happened all at once. He began spraying spunk all over her bottom, her pushed up skirt, the back of her legs and her knickers. And Jo shouted, "Be a dirty boy in my arse! Dump your load up me now you botty perv! Do it now! Yes! Yes! Ahhhh!"
She collapsed forward onto her elbows and forearms gasping heavily. Phil was hunched over her, his hands now on the table either side of her to keep himself from bowling them both over. They stayed like that, his cock still buried in her arse, until the film ran out and the end started flailing around as I reached to turn the machine off. Then he too slipped out, and stood, his semi-hard cock swinging around like a stallion's after giving a mare a good seeing to. Jo pushed herself up. And I too stood, forcing my erection into my briefs and doing up my trousers as I did. "I'll go and make coffee. I'll see you folks in the kitchen in a bit." I toddled off to leave them sort things in peace. And I was thinking, "There's another film to go. What the hell happens next?"
We made filter coffee in those days in one of those two-jar arrangements, with the lower serving jar on a hotplate. It's a system still used at breakfast in many hotels. The coffee's fine. Nowadays I make plunger coffee. My take on coffee is that anyway you make it it's fine. Just make it strong. The jar had filled up by the time Jo scampered in, still half naked but wearing her heels, with Phil in tow. He had sorted his dress the same as I had. Jo's tactic was clearly to keep him simmering, and a glance at his groin showed she was bang on. I served mugs of steaming black coffee and we leant back against the kitchen units talking about the film. I was a fan of the old black and white period stuff, and the reel Phil had provided was an excellent example. The processing standard was higher than most, and I suspected Phil had carefully chosen it. He was a man with a plan, and his plan seemed to be going along just fine. Jo thought it very erotic and said she was looking forward to the colour reel for comparison.
We were draining the last of our drinks when she said, "Time for Act 2. We've hardly had a sniff of the fat lady so far and it's not over till she sings. We've rewound the first film. Housekeeping, Phil calls it. And the second is ready to go. I've changed the music to something just a little racier, but we'll start watching in companiable silence. I'll tell you when to flick the tape on, Guy."
She turned to Phil. "You and I will play bouncy-castle. I'd be ever so grateful were you to take the lead role as the castle." Phil looked like a man with a plan who'd suddenly found himself part of someone else's plan. He didn't look unhappy about it though.
"Anything for a lady", he said smiling. "What exactly are the castle's duties? Am I likely to find the calling a rewarding one?"
Jo grinned. "Oh, I do hope so. As bouncer, it's up to me to make sure you do!"
And with that she turned and led us all back to lounge area. I switched the kitchen lights to the previous low setting before joining the wee procession.
"You can have the settee, Guy. Phil, if you take your trousers and briefs off and sit in the armchair that would be great." The armchair had a large cushion added so that Phil would be sitting forward.
"I might as well take everything off", he said, probably hoping Jo would take off a couple of items too. Then he did as instructed, while Jo took the cue, slipped the blouse over her head, unclipped her bra and shrugged out of it, then switched on the projector. Coloured intro frames flashed onto the screen and then the opening scene, a young couple strolling down a path in a sunlit wood.
I killed the lights again and Jo whispered, "I might need a bit of lubrication for this bit."
"No worries", I answered, reaching into my pocket and handing her a small pot of Vaseline. She kissed me, a deep kiss that promised pleasant things later.
"I love a man who pays attention to a girl in the throes of passion." She took the pot and grabbed a triangular inset cushion that I'd never seen a use for. Mind you I didn't see the point of cushions anyway.
All the while Phil's enormous cock stood pointing skywards hard as Nelson's column. Aided and abetted, of course, by Jo's performance. She was now standing in front of him in white high heels wearing a black suspender belt and stockings, and nothing else. She placed the triangular cushion over his cock with the apex towards his belly button and the two cushioned "arms" extending either side above his thighs. He and I looked at each other as we both realised what bouncy-castle probably entailed.
"I might need some lubrication for this Phil. Could you do the honours?" She handed him the pot and turned, adopting a similar position to earlier, using the coffee table as a support with her legs astride his, but much closer to the chair than when they'd both got up from the settee for the stand-up part of the show.
"Of course", said Phil, taking the pot. He didn't need to ask what needed attention.
The couple stopped, looked around as if checking they were alone, and then ducked off the path to the side. The camera panned back down the path and a man came into view. Then the view was from behind him as he approached the point the couple had left the path. He slowed, then stopped at some bushes and looked to his left in the direction the couple had gone. The camera saw what he saw. The couple were standing in a small clearing. They were kissing, and the lad had his hand up her skirt.
The camera zoomed in. He had pulled the gusset of her white knickers aside and was fingering her clit and cunt. She had shaved off her pubic hair and his fingers were glistening with her juices. She was gently thrusting at him. The camera panned back and shifted to their kissing. They broke off and she put a finger to his lips as if to say, "Sshh". She moved back a few feet to the edge of the clearing, lifted her skirt, pulled down her knickers, and squatted. She began to pee, smiling up at the lad. He liked this. He showed how much by dropping his pants and trousers to reveal a very stiff cock. I looked over at Jo and Phil. Jo smiled. She liked this too. And Phil continued to play with her perfectly displayed naughty bits. The man on the screen liked it too. He had got his cock out and was rubbing vigorously as he watched the couple.
The girl turned and knelt on all fours, still with her knickers down and her skirt up. Her cunt area was wet from her juices and from peeing. The lad dropped to his knees behind her and slid his cock into her and began thrusting away. Then he took his shining cock out and began wetting her arse, just as Phil and the chap in the last film had both done. Jo let herself down on Phil's cock at this moment, impaling her arse on it for the second time that night until she was sitting right on the cushion, only to rise again immediately and begin to set up a bouncing rhythm. Phil put his hands under her buttocks and worked with her to get the bounce rate fast and steady. She cried out, "Put the sounds on Guy!"
I got up and flicked the switch on the tape machine and the sound of Geno Washington and the Ram Jam Band singing, "Hold on, I'm Coming" filled the room at thunderous volume. The lad on the screen was now in the young lady's arse, Phil was in my lovely wife's arse, the watcher on the screen and I were in voyeurs' heaven, and the music advised us to hang on for what we all knew was about to happen.
Jo was now rubbing her clit like a lady possessed. Phil also knew what was coming, he had seen the film before, and he said something to her I couldn't hear over the sound track. She lunged forward and supported herself on the table as Phil's cock popped out and he stood up, rubbing it madly. The lad on the screen popped out of the young lady's arse and he began rubbing his cock too, the watcher started squirting, the lad spraying the young lady's buttocks, skirt and knickers in a colour version of the prior clip, and Phil sprayed his second load all over Jo's arse. Then, like a true gentleman, he dropped to his knees and began tonguing her clit. She shoved crazily back at him and collapsed panting over the table. A fitting climax to the evening's events.
I adjusted my dress and turned the music down, then attended to the projector. I figured I was probably permitted to do the housekeeping so I set the film to rewind. There was a fair bit left to watch, but I felt we could leave that to another night when Jo and I were alone. Jo gave Phil a kiss and thanked him for his outstanding efforts and slumped on the settee. It was probably time for bed. I asked what people wanted in the way of more drinks and so forth, but it was clear we'd given it our best shot and rest was all that remained on the menu. So, people began gathering clothes and making themselves look half-decent.
"I'll go and tidy up the few bits left and set stuff out for breakfast", I said. "Phil, would you like to use the bathroom first?"
"Sure. Thanks for a wonderful evening!"
"No worries. The pleasure was ours. I was thinking a leisurely breakfast between 9.30am and 10.00am. Your train's not till midday and it's not far to the station."
"Great! Suits me", he replied and made for the stairs.
A half-hour later Jo and I were in bed. It wasn't actually that late, but entertaining is hard work and the after-dinner activities had left us nicely relaxed. "Thanks very much for letting me have my fun, sweetheart. You were great", she said as we snuggled up once again.
"You know I like watching as much as doing, darling. And you are a very naughty girl when you get going." I was playing with her soaking cunt, and she still seemed to be horny. Despite all the excitement I'd restrained myself, just enjoying the show and the feeling of effortlessly maintaining an iron bar erection throughout. Looking back across the decades as I do now, the truly amazing thing is how virile we were then and how much stamina we enjoyed. Sure, it had been a very erotic evening but Phil's performance had been amazing. Not only had he managed two big orgasms in a short space of time, but he had a very big cock to keep stiff. He must have had the heart of the stallion whose endowment his resembled.
"Well", she said as I moved between Jo's legs and slipped into her cunt, "I may have had my Phil, but I still haven't had my Guy yet." So, we began gently making love.
"The ladies in the washroom were right, weren't they?" I whispered in her ear.
"Oh yes! God yes! But no more botty-play for a while. It's a bit sore."
"I'm sorry."
"Don't be. It was unbelievably good at the time." She was thinking about that big fat cock filling her up, and moving against me as the naughty thoughts ran through her mind. "And talking about botty-play and the washroom ladies reminds me of something else they said."
My cock stiffened. "Do you want me to lift up so you can play with yourself, you dirty lady?"
"Just move against me like that. I'm so horny I could explode."
"Me too", I breathed.
She thrust hard but slowly against me, grinding her pubic area over mine each time I pushed into her. "The ladies said that having a baby was like shitting a watermelon", she breathed. We kept moving together. Slowly, almost at the peak. So close. Just a few more thrusts. Almost there. "Do you think we should make checking that out our next research project?"
Thoughts of all the hard work involved flashed through my mind.
"We could start after my next period. I could stop taking the pill then."
My cock strained to fill her entirely. I shoved in with all my strength and seemed to shoot gallons of hot liquid in endless spurts. She bucked wildly against me, as she expertly reeled in the fish that had speared her.