In 48 hours, she came 25 times. One for each of her years. We met online, immediately spending nearly 24 hours together. Most of that time, my face was between her legs. And that's not even the half of it.
I've never met anyone from Lit. Until now.
She was open and playful. I was direct and intrigued. "Of course you're American. No guys around here are this direct." And what began as incredibly fun chat quickly turned more intense when we realized we were in the same city. Same interests. Same insatiable appetite. Not fantasy, but our reality. We had this beautiful realization that all this talk could immediately turn to action. And so our planning began. "I'm so glad you like to eat pussy!" She has no idea. I pressed a bit further... "Do you like to have you ass licked?" And the best response possible... "YESSSSSSS!"
And then she surprised me. "Do you like to play in public?" We had transitioned from "what if" to planning our time together. Establishing interests and boundaries. "Like, maybe, playing in a park somewhere?" I hadn't played in public in some time, but the thrill of this being on the table with a perfect stranger on our first meeting was astounding. She wasn't fucking around.
"How old are you?" she asked. I knew from our previous chat that she was 25. Late thirties, I said. Not quite forty. "Dirty old man!" The first hint at our perfect dynamic. After teasing about previous conquests, and how thrilling it is for her to suck cock in a public park, she confessed to being particularly interested in older guys. "I, ummm... sort of... um... can I call you daddy?" Oooffffff. In less than an hour, she went from a nickname in a chat room to the most incredible and sexy woman I could imagine. High sex drive. Knows what she likes, and gets it. Flaunts her conquests. Is uninhibited enough to play in public spaces. Loves the thrill. AND THEN... as if that's not enough, she wants to be my babygirl. She wants a daddy to take care of her. To play with her in public. To eat her adorable ass. For hours. And so it began.
We hatched a plan to meet on a street corner mid-day. She knew my hotel room was close by, but we both were excited to play in public together first. I always love that moment when you first meet a perfect stranger for play. She had teased me with a photo of her dress and stockings before she left. It was cold out, though, so she was bundled up in a jacket. She is beautiful. If you saw her on the street you'd think she was cute, but innocent. No obvious hint at her desires. And then she smiles. And you can see it. Her eyes light up with excitement. I give her a kiss on her cheek. She smells amazing and I'm suddenly at a loss for thought. Luckily she's sharper than I am in the moment, and suggests we get a taxi. In less than 3 minutes together, we get into a taxi, and give the address of a large park about a half hour drive away.
The small talk is for the benefit of the driver. The game has already began and she's fucking good. She takes off her coat and gets comfortable and I can't keep my hands off her. My hands cling immediately to her stocking-clad thighs. Just touching, for now. We kiss. "Do you like the stockings?" She pulls her dress up just enough to show me the tops of her black stockings, pulled tightly against her thighs. Just as I start to feel them, sliding my hand up her leg, she pulls her dress up just a little more, revealing her white lace panties. I can't help but slip my hand closer, when she swats me away and pulls her dress back down, with a slight moan.
We tease and kiss. She squeezes my cock through my pants. She sits sideways a bit, giving me a quick peek at her ass. The realization that this is our new reality, that our chat fantasies are in fact happening, causes us both to moan a bit. The driver hasn't paid us much attention, but right then he asks if this entrance to the park is alright. It's perfect.
We find a map to the park and start looking for a place to play. "Is there a good spot where you've sucked cock here before we should give another go?" No, there isn't. Because she's picked a park she hasn't played in before. She's collecting parks. Collecting memories, on her knees, in the open air, people walking around nearby, with a cock in her mouth. I was about to be the latest of those lucky cocks.
We sat for a few moments on a park bench and teased each other some more. The was a steady stream of people walking by, so our teasing only went so far. She loved the eyes of strangers on us. My hands under her bra. My fingers teasing her lace panties that had started to become quit damp. She just wanted more. She needed more.
Walking around together, in a strange park, arm in arm, looking for a place to play. People are walking dogs, riding bikes, doing park things. We're one part romantic couple walking together, one part sexual addicts looking for a spot to score. Our search gets a bit technical. That spot has too many low branches. That spot has a trail too close by. That spot is too near that soccer match. Every spot, and the anticipation of finding the perfect one, was so sexually frustrating, but I wouldn't shorten it by a minute. We walked almost out of the park before finding a massively broad tree with plenty of low bows, right next to a main road through the park. Close to people. Could easily get caught here. People will see someone is back here, without seeing exactly what we're doing, without a very close look. It was perfect.
We laid down our coats, sat down, and got to work. Hands. Lips. Biting. Kissing. Her thighs we warm, despite the cold. "Warm me up, daddy" Little did I know that every single time she said "daddy" over the next 48 hours and beyond, my cock would twitch. She was wet. I loved the textures of her stockings, her incredibly smooth skin, the rough but wet lace panties. I could only kiss and lick her through those panties for so long before they had to come off.
Here we were, less than an hour after our first sight of one another, and I was slipping my tongue in her gorgeous wet cunt. I love eating pussy. It's my second favorite thing in the world. But my babygirl's wet cunny is exactly what daddy needs right now. She's so wet, her legs are spread completely open. She's enjoying the fresh park air, the sounds of everyone walking by on the walkway just 15 feet away. For a moment I forget where we are and all I want is more of her gorgeous cunt. She's trimmed, but didn't shave. This was a favor for me. I love it this way, and I'm glad she obliged. Licking and sucking and fingering and teasing. She came fir the first time under that tree. What we didn't know is that she's come 24 more times over the next two days. We were only just beginning.
She needed something, too. After she came once or twice she needed cock in her mouth. Such a good little girl! She loves playing with daddy's balls. Her hands are only bested by her mouth. She's not sucking cock because she has to. She's not sucking cock in order to get me off. She's not focused on the goal of an orgasms. She's sucking cock because my babygirl loves cock. She loves licking my balls. Stroking my cock as she licks and sucks my balls, making me wonder just how long I can take this. We are floating in a different universe together, only interrupted by the sound of someone walking quickly toward us, in the grass, very close to the tree. The popping sound a cock makes when it's released from the mouth of an eager young cocksucker is a sound you never forget. The mystery peeper walked away from us, and brought us into the present. We wanted more of each other than this park could provide. It was time to head back to my hotel.
As we were getting dressed again, she smiled, and showed me her wet panties. I took them from her and smelled them. Her wet cunt is perfection. "Put them in your pocket, Daddy!, I don't need them right now."
Hailing a taxi became yet another perfect moment to tease daddy. Could daddy tease her in the taxi again? Could daddy play with her ass in the taxi? Yes. Very much yes. A car stopped and let us in, and I had trouble adjusting my jeans. The taste of my cock in her mouth, and the intoxicating taste of her wet cunt on my lips, we kissed and kissed again in the taxi. Her coat came off again, a clear sign she was transitioning from pretty and proper to playful and slutty. How perfect is my babygirl?
I could write a book about her ass. Maybe I will. I love women's bodies. I love a nice ass. Her ass, however, is a place of worship. She looks ahead to the driver, then back at me, gives me a kiss, and squirms in the seat a bit. She turns her hips sideways, and pulls up her dress. My hand begin to wander. Her thighs are sticky. She's fucking amazing and she knows it. I start to tease her ass. Licking my fingers a bit, I sneak in closer. Licking and teasing. Licking and pressing. She's nearly gasping. She needs it. The taxi makes a wide turn, pushing me closer to her, with just enough velocity to help my finger slip inside her asshole. We've now known each other for just a few hours, and my middle finger is inside her eager ass, and she's loving it. I've hit the fucking jackpot. She likes having her ass played with, but not in some casual indirect kinda-find-it-sexy way. Touching her ass gets the same response as when I slip a finger into her insatiable cunt. She loves to have her ass played with and I couldn't be more thrilled. I'm fingering her ass, now using the lurches of the taxi to my advantage. I pull out my finger and suck on it. She kisses me. My babygirl. We're going to have a very, very good time together.
Back in my hotel the clothes are off and we're back at it. Nibbling her ears. Biting her hard nipples. Sucking her little clit. And of course, finally, after immense anticipation, my tongue meets her ass. She's not shy. She can tell that I'm not casually into eating her ass. I want to own her fucking ass. I want to spend every minute together eating her ass. I want her to sit on my face, spread her ass for me, and let daddy tongue fuck her from the back. And we do.
A few orgasms later, she needs to go meet some friends for dinner. If this was all that happened between us, it would be a day for the record books. We connected immediately. We had no hesitation with what we wanted. We both came intensely. Maybe we'd see about meeting up again? I was only in town for another day or so. I had a full day of work ahead. We'd play it by ear. "Later, daddy!"
She was a naughty girl, texting daddy while she was out with friends. She needed more. Her ass required a lot more attention. Today was just the warmup. Could daddy take a sick day tomorrow and play with her all day instead? She would need to do the same. We knew our play time was worth it, so everything else fell aside. We both hatched a plan for our sick day, and how our time together might unfold. Maybe I'd make her breakfast in bed for getting up so early? Babygirl loves to sleep in, but she'll set an early alarm for cock. And a tongue in her ass. Daddy can make her do just about anything if his tongue is sliding in and out of her hot little ass.
7 am. SEVEN IN THE MORNING. We set alarms. We got up early for this. She commuted through the city. That's dedication to the cause! We'd have 12 hours ahead of us. Just us. Naked. Non-stop. She bit my lip. HARD. Every time we made out, she'd bite daddy's lips. "Little marks to remember me by, daddy."
It's hard to convey just how comfortable we were with each other. Right from the start. Helpful pointers at every turn. Dedicated to our own pleasure. Hedonism in the purest form. While I'm spreading babygirl's little cunny, sucking on her clit, she'd scream to have my fingers inside her. My tongue, flicking across her asshole, and pushing deeper inside, she'd be a good little girl and spread her ass for daddy. Giving me the best access. The best view. The best taste. I didn't lick her ass. I fucked her ass with my face. My tongue was deep enough in her ass to make her speak only in groans and exhausted grunts. But when she was close... when my sweet little babygirl was close... when her cunt was dripping wet, when her clit was throbbing, when her ass was wiggling with delight... she'd scream. FUCK ME DADDY! FUCK ME! RIGHT THERE DADDY! FUCK MY ASS DADDY! YES! PLEASE DADDY! OHHHH DAAADDDDDYYYYYYY
We're in my hotel room. It's morning. We've been cuddling and licking and sucking for a while, but it's still morning. I have no idea how many other guests are on my floor, or the rooms above and below us. It's safe to say dozens of people heard her that day. Not once. Not a few times. She came fucking hard. She came deep. She came loudly somewhere around 15 times that day. She SCREAMED for daddy to get her off 15 times. She came on my face 15 times. I've never been more proud of my babygirl!
She had other plans for teasing daddy, too. She straddled me. That wicked smile I'd come to love. Her hips wiggling just right. Her pussy was wet every hour we were together. She grabbed my cock, slowly stroking me. Her hips grinding as she sits on my legs. She slides forward. She rubs her clit with the head of daddy's cock. Rubbing her cunt up and down, slipping me closer, just to pull away. She'd press the tip of my cock against her ass, let me push... so gently... she'd spread her ass, just to tease... and stop. Naughty girl. Naughty daddy. Her went cunt would ride and tease and grind and soak my cock, while she played with my balls. She'd taste herself on my cock, sucking and licking me. My precum dripping from her lips and chin. She grinded my cock and played with my balls until I couldn't take it anymore. Every time daddy came, she'd lick me up, lick some cum off her tits... MMMMMM so good, daddy!
Our time together was so memorable, but my favorite image is this. I'm spanking her ass. There's not quite a handprint yet, but her ass is getting pink and flush. Her cunt is wet and spread, and thoroughly. The window shades are open. I'd mid-day and there are workers on the roof of the building across the street. Might they see us from there? I'm licking and teasing her ass, soothing her in between firm spankings. She pulls all the pillows close to her, one below her hips, the others to rest her head. Her face is down, head turned sideways, just enough to look back at me. Her ass is up. Way up. The sunlight is bright and beautiful. I love my babygirls ass so much. I spank her again, I flick her asshole with my tongue. She moans. EAT MY ASS DADDY! EAT IT! She reaches back and pulls her ass apart for me. I grab her ass firmly with two hands and I slip my tongue deep into her ass. I'm squeezing her ass. Spreading her ass. Tongue fucking her ass. She's grinding back against my face. I can't get enough. Spanking her again. She pulls her hands back under her head for support, lifts her ass even higher. I kneel in closer. I grab her ass harder. I fuck her asshole with my tongue as hard as I can. I rub her clit with my thumb and she's trembling. DADDY YES! OMG DAAAADDDDDYYYYYYYYYYYYY
Her ass wiggles when she comes. Her legs often squeeze my head when I'm devouring her cunt. She likes to cuddle up with daddy after she comes, but not too much. A nice kiss. A smile. And we breathe together. We're a little sweaty. We both know we're going to do that again. We're just taking a break. We've got time. We're in this together. We could do this all day. And we do.
I have to fly home the next day, but we manage to squeeze in a few hours together before I go. We rack up a few more orgasms together. Daddy? Can you eat my ass one more time before you go? I can't disappoint my babygirl. So I do. Then one more time for good measure. My cock is drained. I can't cum again. Her cunt is sore. Her clit is throbbing. Her ass has been violated by my tongue for so long she doesn't like sitting down.
We have one more taxi ride. She'll come with me halfway to the airport. Before she heads off to work. Touching. Teasing. Kissing. Tasting. Our perfect way. I'm off to a flight, she's off to her work. A familiar scene the world round, but with so much more yearning. She came 25 times. One for each of her years. And she knows its just the beginning. She's daddy's girl. She needs this. I need this. We start planning again. For next time. And then she gets out. A quick kiss. Not a goodbye. A break until next time. Where maybe, just maybe, she'll meet me at the airport. And this time, we'll take the subway. We're collecting firsts after all, and she needs an expert finger in her ass, just as the train pulls away from the station. And we're game, because we're always game. And that's how it shall be.