Laying naked on the bed, sporting a blue steel erection, I heard Suzi's high heels click on the floor of her hallway as she sultrily walked to my room. I'd never felt such nervous sexual excitement before. I'd only minutes earlier finished fucking Suzi, and it was in front of her husband!
I'd fucked Suzi on countless occasions, but the Suzi I was fucking now was a very different sexual animal.
Her sensational body had improved dramatically, creating a sexual vision of pure slut, which she would kindly drape in the most erotic lingerie. Her demeanour and attitude toward sex were unique to say the least.
She was more than willing to do anything, and I mean anything to arouse, titillate and satisfy her lover, and if it teased and aroused her husband, then that was an added bonus, from which she would take great delight.
Anxiously waiting for my slut to arrive, I watched excitedly as the handle of the bedroom door turned slowly. The door opened with controlled precision, swinging open slowly. Suzi stepped inside the room and closed the door behind her. She leant against the closed door smiling seductively.
"Fucking wow!" Was the only sentence I could conjure, her appearance was so breathtaking.
Suzi was standing smiling at me wearing the following:
A very tight, soft, shiny white faux leather Waspie with four garter straps attached. The garter straps were clipped to sheer silk seamed white stockings, brilliant white and erotically shiny, which emphasised her tanned skin dramatically. The white stockings were almost covered by shiny white, soft leather thigh length boots with six inch spiked heels. Her large firm pierced breasts were exposed with no bra adorning this fabulous body and her shaved smooth pussy was on display with no thong or panties covering it.
In her hands she'd brought along some toys. In her left hand was a purple rabbit vibrator and in her right hand was a life like huge cock complete with balls. The cock must have been 10 inches long, but it appeared flexible as she held it close to her smooth slit.
The TV in the room came to life, my naked body stretched on the bed and Suzi's fabulous body and attire shown from the side, filled the huge screen. Suzi walked over to the bed, handing me the toys, she smiled and said.
"Shall we put these to good use. I'm hurting for a squirting!"
Suzi stood smiling, moving closer to the bed, she climbed on to the bed and straddled me. My hands went around the waist of her soft smooth white leather Waspie, pulling her closer to me. Our lips locked in a passionate embrace as Suzi moaned into my mouth. Suzi's smooth pussy was resting on the tip of my cock, as she slid her velvet cunt over the head of my rock hard cock. Without a hint of foreplay, my cock slid inside her tight velvet tunnel as she delicately moved her hips in a rocking motion. Sitting upright in the cowgirl position, she ground her tight pussy onto my cock.
"Oh that feels so much bigger than my husbands cock!" She panted "With a cock this good you can fuck and spunk in all of my holes. I will be your slut tonight and whenever you want!" She panted, riding my cock slowly.
I decided to play along with the dirty talk.
"You love cock because your husband isn't satisfying you, is he?" I snarled, holding and squeezing her perfect pierced nipples "You need different cocks cause you're a slut!"
Suzi moaned excitedly.
"Yes I'm a dirty cheating Stripper Slut! I love to be fucked in all of my holes. I like men to use me for their pleasure and treat me like a whore!" Suzi breathed.
"Now you're making a porno movie of you being fucked while your husband wanks his cock in another room!" I snarled for effect.
"I'm a slut because I need to be fucked by real men! I need to please big cocks so they'll keep fucking me. I need to be filled with manly seed regularly!" Suzi panted excitedly.
"Do you want me to put this movie on the internet, so everyone can see how much you love cock and how much of a cheating slut you are?" I asked dominantly.
"Yes please!" Suzi panted enthusiastically, riding my cock with more vigour "Show the world how much of a cheating slut I am!"
"We'll see how good this one turns out! Tomorrow night we will make one with three guys fucking you, then Jim can lick up their spunk as you tongue clean all of the cocks!" I demanded.
"Oh fuck yeah! I'm your slut! I'll do whatever you want with whomever you want!" Suzi groaned as she squirted on my cock, spraying a jet of female ejaculation on to my stomach.
"We'll double fuck your tight shaved pussy, then we'll double fuck your even tighter ass!" I said forcefully
Suzi moaned subserviently but with great relish.
"And you'll wear a black leather outfit similar to this and be our subservient cheating slut! We'll watch this video as we fuck you!" I finished, then smacked her butt cheek strongly. The sound of the slap echoed around the room as Suzi moaned with delight.
Suzi gave out a little squeal then whispered.
"Will they all fuck my ass? Please get them to fuck my ass!" she said almost begging.
"They'll fuck all of your holes, filling the holes with spunk for your wimp husband to clean up with his tongue. You'll be busy sucking their cocks clean as Jim tongue fucks your spunk drenched pussy and ass, begging for them to fuck you again!" I ordered.
Suzi squirted a huge amount of female ejaculate once more as my cock and verbal onslaught delivered a pleasure so strong, she was losing all control.
"Fuck! Please let me be your slut? Fuck me with your cock. Do anything you want too me. This is the best cock I've ever had fuck me!" she almost screamed as another strong orgasm surged through her. Her legs were shivering with lust and desire, as the squelching sounds of her pussy filled with cock, reverberated around the room.
"Suck my cock and double fuck yourself with your sex toys!" I demanded.
Suzi groaned in animalistic delight.
"I'll do whatever you want!" She said subserviently riding my cock, pleasuring me in ways I never thought possible.
I grinned ecstatically watching this sex siren of the highest magnitude, clothed in the sexiest bedroom lingerie, ride my cock lustfully, knowing full well her husband was recording every moment.
Suzi leant forward, kissing me passionately as she raised herself off my cock.
Smiling, she eased her way down my chest and stomach, gently nibbling my excited flesh, softly kissing my skin intermittently. Her full soft lips reached the head of my cock as she looked up toward me. Her smiling was engaging as she softly placed the tip of her tongue on the head of my cock. Her pussy juice was gleaning on my hard cock as her tongue slipped and slid, up and down the length of my shaft. Eventually Suzi placed my cock inside her mouth, putting her tongue and teeth to excellent use. The tender gentle nibbling of her teeth on my swollen purple glans as the tip of her tongue magnificently agitated my cock slit, absorbing all of my pre cum in the process. Everything about this slut was designed primarily with sex in mind. Her body was sensational and definitely built for sin, her looks stunningly divine, her movement and attitude screamed raw sex and her lips, mouth and tongue were the stuff fantasies were made of.
I picked up the huge life like cock and placed it at her pussylips. True to form, Suzi the Striper slut, placed her taloned hands on her butt cheeks and spread them wide, opening up her tight pussy and puckered pink ring. I slid the huge cock effortlessly in Suzi's creamy tight pussy. A deep moan emanated from her throat as she slowly rocked against the life like cock, allowing the length to fill her pussy. I turned on the rampant rabbit and positioned the tip at her puckered ring. Spitting on her tight asshole, Suzi moaned loudly.
"Fuck yeah! Treat me like a slut!" Something I had every intention of doing.
I guided the vibrating rabbit beyond Suzi's stretched sphincter, looking at her ass and pussy, filled with two fake cocks. The vibrations from the rabbit were oscillating through her ass and agitating her pussy, delightfully filled with the huge life like cock. Suzi's head raised above my cock as she panted breathlessly.
"Oh fuck that's good! I'm coming!" She whispered then returned to sucking my cock.
I was possibly positioned to view the greatest vista on the planet. Suzi's tight asshole and pussy were being stretched by the phallic thrill givers as her hips rocked slowly, enjoy the sensations each sexual toy was providing. As her pleasure and state of arousal increased, so did the wonderful sexual delights her mouth and tongue would bestow on my rampant cock. I was almost at the point of no return, when Suzi removed my cock from her mouth, panting uncontrollably.
"I'm coming! Make your slut come!" She hoarsely whispered as a spray of female ejaculate gushed from her pussy, coating my smiling excited face. The sexual fluid tasted delicious, enhanced by the perfect view I had of the activity. I turned the Rabbit vibrator to its lowest setting as Suzi's orgasm subsided. As her breathing began to return to normal, I slid the sexual toys from her ass and pussy. Suzi rotated her body 180 degrees, placing her red hot pussy over my solid cock and her face in line with mine.
Suzi smiled wickedly as she softly began to kiss my lips, still coated with her orgasmic fluid. On her tasting her pleasure she began to lick my face like some wild animal, removing every trace of her orgasm from my face. My cock somehow found it's way between Suzi's labia and slid inside her hot tight pussy. My cock slid deep inside Suzi's pussy, as a long throaty moan emanated from her mouth, as she continued to lick her orgasm from my face. I knew the camera would be zooming onto Suzi's cock filled pussy, as she slowly rode the entire length. My face was now clean of her orgasmic juices as she began to gently nibble my lips, slipping her tongue inside my mouth to allow me to taste her delicious orgasm.
Suzi's pussy gripped my cock as though she had a third hand inside her pussy. Milking my cock she began her verbal onslaught for the camera.
"Fuck me! Give me your spunk!" Suzi panted, repeating the phrase a few times.
"I'm your slut! Do what my husband never could do to me with your hard huge cock!" She continued as her lips moved to my ear, breathing her hot words of encouragement directly into my aroused aural cavity.
"I'd do anything for this cock! Seed your slut baby!" Suzi shrilled as another orgasm surged through her, forcing her pelvis down on to my erect cock, as she rode out her orgasm.
Suzi was bodily and verbally coaxing the come out of my cock. I could feel my balls tingle excitedly as my jism began to spurt its way out of my cock and flood her pussy with my hot sticky spunk. As the first burst of spunk splashed her vaginal walls, Suzi moaned throatily.
"Give me your spunk! Let your slut have your load. Fuck yeah! Your cock is so deep and so big!" She moaned, thrusting her pussy on to my spewing cock.
"Jim never comes this much!" She smiled, slowly riding my deflating cock.
I looked beyond Suzi and saw her stretched pussy gripping on to my spent cock on the TV screen. Jim had obviously gone for the close during our mutual orgasm. I watched on the screen as my cock slipped out of her shaved smooth pussy. A small rivulet of my spunk trickled from her wet tight pussy. Suzi placed a taloned finger at her pussy and scooped the orgasmic cream from her pussylips. Sitting directly on top of me wearing her sensational lingerie, she part turned her head, tilting it back slightly. Taking her cumsoaked finger, she held it above her open mouth, and let the sexual liquid slide into her slut mouth. Swallowing deliberately, she turned to camera and giggled.
"This spunk tastes manly! You'll enjoy licking this delicious seed from my cunt!" Suzi Winked at the camera as she leant forward to kiss me.
Kissing me seductively Suzi brushed her lips up to my ear and whispered.
"You rest and get your stamina back while I take this pussy fully of spunk round to James to enjoy!"