"Aww! Look at the kids all snuggly and cute."
Zach Pedigo left his bed to venture into the unknown. Mainly to take a leak, but a still wide open door leading into Heidi Baker's bedroom drew his attention to be nosey. Left open on purpose by Heidi so that Zach could visually comprehend that she was warm and cozy in the arms of her new lover Weaver Kytes. Weaver held her close as they slept, having worn themselves out competing sexually against Zach and his own lover Khloe Vaughn. Called a stalemate when it got down to it, the girls were screaming banshees for over three hours, destroyed emotionally by both men. Weaver being younger probably had the better stamina, but Zach had the experience and the ferocity. Not to mention a newly revived dominant gene that had been evolving within him to control Khloe. She did not need much persuading, she loved the role of trophy slut as Zach christened her. Just as he had Cleopatra Teleki, sharing his leadership seemed to fulfill both women. For today, this was all about Khloe.
Even though Khloe was fast asleep in his bed, she was like an angel curled up and glowing. Much of the same impression could be said of his bombshell blond roommate, slash cum slut. Both girls were gorgeous beyond any man's fantasy. Yet, there was just something about Heidi Baker that kept Zach Pedigo mesmerized. Maybe it was her defiant attitude one minute, daring exhibitionist the next. She definitely loved to torment Zach, teasing him every second yet keeping him at bay by admitting she only wanted to be friends. For just a friend she had offered quite a lot of freedom in what she did allow Zach to get away with. Touching, kissing on, pretty much everything except hardcore fucking. She had tolerated the few times he had penetrated her without him taking her completely, not mad, not happy about it, more just being tense about things. She even gave him a short blowjob as he ate her out during a sweet 69. Regardless, he did his best to refrain from pushing too hard. Where was that dominant gene around her? All she technically wanted from Zach is for him to fulfill her freak side. One, she needed a daily regiment of cum shot all over her. Two, she adored watching others have sex with Zach. Finally, three, she got off on pushing his buttons.
In just one week they had bonded like family, she even referring to him as Dad, a cruel joke considering she never knew her real father. That, and the fact Zach never had kids of his own, having been cut to avoid the heartache of any broken family situation. He could barely fund his own life without child support fluttering in multiple directions. He felt pretty fortunate that he and his ex-wife Yushea never had kids. Even after three years he was shocked that she hadn't gotten knocked up by one of her secret lovers. All in the past now, of course. They divorced and moved on to better, well, different lives. Even though Heidi played off the father daughter thing around his landlord to avoid being put on his lease, others were told of their biological lie. Various reasons just kept the lie alive.
Hovering over his bathroom toilet Zach became a statuesque fountain, relieving his bladder. Like a malnourished Hercules he expressed muscle, yet wasn't any Arnie or Columbo, just carved out with enough precision to get the ladies wet. Looking like Tom Hardy helped. Hearing his belly growl as he washed his hands he knew it needed to be fed something more nutritional that pussy juice. After a quick splash or three of cold water on his face to wake up, he gargled and headed for the kitchen.
Heidi still had a few eggs in her carton, half a quart of milk, half a box of cereal. On his side? Beer. He really needed to shop. What few groceries he bought with the money his Father loaned him, rather insisted he take had filled his gas tank and fed him the last three days. The hundred bucks his co-worker Storm gave him for sex had paid their water bill before it could be shut off. That left him $23 and change. He was still undecided about taking Rocky Teleki's money to destroy his wife's holes. With their daughter Cleo one of his trophy sluts with a bit of intimacy it just seemed wrong. He really needed to talk to Cleo about it, even though he already knew her answer. She would say, whatever you want I'm behind you every second. He had Cleo, and Khloe so hooked that they were already mentally leashed. Zach was having the time of his life. It was becoming more and more fun seeing just how far these young women would go for him. In his mind, there was room for a few more girls in his harem. There was still Nastiya, and their new neighbor Petra. Nasty was almost guaranteed, yet a wildcard. Petra? He hadn't really spoken to her outside of her seeing him nude at the door when Heidi barged in on he and Khloe in the living earlier in the day. Work in progress.
At 7:00 P.M. it was still early, even with the others snoring away. Wide awake he gave up on his hunger pains and just popped the cap on a beer. Prepared to collapse on the sofa and watch what few channels his TV reception could get, he was startled by a knock on the door. Still nude, dick dangling low he frowned and stepped to the peep hole to see who it was. The hole was dark so that meant a hand was over it.
"Who is it?" Zach decided to reply.
"Seattle PD." A male voice sternly spoke, "Is this Zachary Pedigo?"
"Uhhh! Maybe. What did I do?"
"Responding to a disturbance call Sir. There have been multiple reports of what sounded like an orgy on the premises. The landlord requested we check it out. Please comply and open the door."
"I smell pizza."
"Open the fucking door."
"Break it down Pig." Zach chuckled.
"I have booze."
"Well, so do I. It better than a Budweiser?"
"200 proof."
"You could have led with that Officer." Zach unlocked his front door and opened it wide knowing exactly who was on the other side all along. Arms wide he stood with a full frontal pose. "Nick you ugly bastard. Where you been hiding?"
In the hallway stood a thin yet tall man with a dark goatee, long hair held under a skullcap bandana, shades on top, even if it was dusk outside. Scowling at Zach's brazen appearance he takes a look at his penis and grunts, "So that's where my bottle opener went. Put some pants on you perverted motherfucker."
"What? Not ballsy enough to sit with an exhibitionist? Where's the pizza? I'm starving."
Shaking his head Nick Riley steps aside in favor of a cute young woman with platinum blond hair barely touching her shoulders. She wore tight blue jean shorts that threaded along the thighs, boots, and a gold halter top expressing humongous tits, definitely a boob job. Those beauties were pornstar quality.
"Pizza delivery? You expecting a tip?" Zach laughed without wavering. Lowering her eyes she watched his dick get erect by three inches. Nick just rolled his eyes. She was impressed.
"Not that kind of tip." Nick slapped the girl on the ass to persuade her to stop staring. "Zach? Meet my girl Iris. Iris? Dickhead." He brought on his own secondary wave of lowered eyeballs, checking Zach out. Two more inches higher she flared her eyes and began smiling.
"Hi Iris. Nice to eat you...I mean meet you." Zach took the pizza and turned to walk away, now her eyes were scoping out his ass. Fanning herself the girl finally spoke.
"Sorry Nick. This is where we break up and I jump his bones."
Placing the pizza on his coffee table Zach turns back around, "Sucks to be you Nico. Bring it on in beautiful." Arms extended for a hug Iris glanced at Nick as if asking permission. Rolling his eyes Nick nodded, "Get it out of your system." Shamelessly Iris marched right into Zach's arms for a tight hug, his erection jabbing her right where it counted. Holding her against him just to fuck with Nick he rubbed her back briskly. She found her hands caressing his back trying hard not to go lower than his spine. Nope! Had to sample those butt cheeks.
"You're losing me Nick." Iris laughed.
Nick sat his bottle of Jack Daniels on the coffee table next to the pizza box, then stepped behind Iris to hug her from behind, his own erection poised against her tight little heartbreaker ass. She sighed at their combined influence.
"I love you man." Zach chuckled.
"Love you too Bro." Nick sniveled as if tearing up. "Nothing could ever cum between us Buddy."
"Don't be so sure." She giggled.
A shared laugh Zach released Iris and Nick and he stepped back, "Let me go put some pants on before I have your girl shoving you out the door."
"Show the man." Nick nodded with pride. Iris shrugged then lifted her halter top up to show off her dynamite 34G's. "Good God! I meant the ring."
"Oh! My bad.' She winked at Zach who had already envisioned titty fucking those silicone sweethearts. Leaving her top up over her breasts she extended her left hand to show off a good sized rock.
"You're kidding me. Nick Riley got engaged?"
"Sure did. Put your shirt down."
"I don't want to." She razzed him with her tongue.
"See what you started Bro?"
Zach puckered looking her tits over with a dramatic act of primping just before tugging her shirt back down over her chest for her. He made certain his knuckles grazed her nipples for effect.
"That gave me chills." She whistles silently, "I'll behave now. Sorry Baby." She melts into Nick's arm and places one hand on her man's ass, the other on his chest. Nick chuckled at her snuggling up and waved Zach on to go put on his pants. Zach didn't have a chance. From his bedroom pranced Khloe Vaughn, rubbing the sleep from her eyes. Without a single thread of clothing on she made Zach proud. Not only did she boldly walk out to join them, but she showed no sign of hesitation, or shyness. Hugging Zach from behind, her tits crushed into his back.
"We interrupting anything Bro?" Nick found his eyes exploring Khloe as Zach drug her in front of him and showed her off. Even Iris was grinning at Khloe's fit build.
"Nope. Make yourselves at home." Zach nodded toward his sofa. In response Iris began to unzip her shorts until Nick smacked her hand.
"Not that at home. Christ! Sit your sexy ass down."
"Hi, I'm Iris." She warmly greeted Khloe with an extended hand to shake.
"Hi, I'm...his."
"This is Khloe." Zach hugged her from behind. "Seriously take a seat. Crack open that bottle Buddy. Let's celebrate." He pats Khloe on the ass and whispers, "Go get four glasses."
"Do you have any?" She smirks.
"Plastic cups in the cabinet."
"Bachelors I swear." The Nursemaid giggled prancing around the couple to step into the kitchen. Nick couldn't resist watching her sway. Iris noticed and winked at Zach playfully for her man's roving eyes. Zach wasn't much better, winking back at Iris he undressed the fiancée with his eyes, ending his tour with a creased brow and a frown. Pointing at Nick, Zach mouthed the words, "You can do better." As she sighed weighing in on his words she nodded her agreement and trailed a seductive index finger between her cleavage. Stroking his cock just for her brightened her gaze.
"Seriously, you crazy kids. I'm really happy for you." Zach dared to march right back up to Iris for another hug just as Khloe returned with red plastic cups, drawing Nick into her allure as she stood in front of him with dazzling eyes, tits perky and nips like daggers. Nick found himself stroking the neck of his whiskey bottle. While Nick was distracted Zach in hugging Iris tightly let his monster cock jab her right between her thighs. She took the bait and lowered her left hand to curl fingers around his girth gently tugging at it. It was then that she whispered, "I love Nick." To which Zach replied, "You love dick?" A brisk giggle later, she had to agree to both. Hand withdrawn from his beast she retreats without so much as a blush. Thoughts were seeded. Capturing her wrist drawing her back, Zach made his true thoughts clear, "Make my boy happy. Not this boy," He wags his dick affectionately called Hardy, "I mean Nick. He's a good guy."
"I plan to." Eyes again lower to seduce her own thoughts as she alludes to his magnificence. Deep breath taken in she forces herself to turn away. Nick was pouring glasses and she certainly needed a stiff...drink.
Khloe was holding glasses and brought Zach his and her own, Nick filling that of his and Iris before handing off his fiancée's. He could tell that Iris was aroused without even any admission, he knew her subtle eye contact with him meant that she was definitely thinking sex. Before Nick could reel back from passing off her glass Iris drew him in for a kiss. Intimate and steamy Khloe found herself expressing a neediness of her own, sharing tender glances of yearning toward Zach. He knew, therefore he stepped closer to the stunning nurse and caressed her cheek. She melted into his palm as if thanking him for even acknowledging her. A tender kiss that only lasted three seconds kept her intoxicated and calm. With a soft whisper he convinces her to be understanding. "Trophy." It certainly made her smile.
"We toasting or do you need to borrow my bed?" Zach raised his voice. A few seconds later the loving couple parted lips and Nick pointed at his best friend.
"Not sure why you people are still naked but, Iris here doesn't seem to mind."
"That true Bride to be?" Zach winked at her pulling Khloe closer to his side. Without even requesting, telling, or even a simple nod the nurse reached in with her free hand to stroke Zach's cock while maintaining her eye contact on Nick. Iris took note of her behavior and made her own journey in to rub Nick's crotch. She hadn't noticed before now just how hard he was until she got hands on. Was it due to Khloe? Careful scrutiny discovered Nick's roving eye, it made Iris smirk. She was openminded, but Nick always needed a bit of inspiration to try anything new. Feeling her hand rubbing his jeans Nick explored his girls emotions.
"What's going on here?" Nick chuckled.
"Are we going to let these two have all the fun?"
"Couple glasses of JD and then you can ask me that again." Nick downs his glass in two swallows, fire in the hole, but he was used to the inferno. Giggling Iris reached her own glass over toward Khloe and they collided cups.
"I think my man has eyes for your girl Zach."
"Fair is fair. I got eyes for Nick's girl." Nick narrowed his gaze then poured another drink into his empty glass.
"Drink the fuck up." Nick retaliated as everyone took their drinks to their lips with gusto. Khloe began choking and fanning her face, she was not much for any type of alcohol, but she refused to not take part. Rubbing her back Zach at least seemed concerned.
"Medicinal purposes right Nurse?" She merely nodded laughing between coughs.
Zach led Khloe to the couch and sat down first, before coaxing her into his lap. Curling up in a ball she snuggled up and tried her best to get her choking under control. Joining them on the sofa Nick sat down and Iris kicked her boots off to share her thin white socks. Kissing her man Nick again to keep him happy she hiked her leg outward toward Zach with her foot rubbing his shoulder. Coming up for breath she leered at Zach and boldly said, "Strip me." He knew she meant her socks. One foot at a time he removed those socks in favor of yellow painted toenails. Tossing her socks at Nick the man chuckled.
"Is that just for starters?" Nick smirked at Iris.
"You know me well." She pampered him with roaming hands. "Can you handle it?"
"You being naked in front of these two?"
"Noooo! You being naked in front of these two."
"I dunno." He winced.
"I want to see your cock." Khloe sighed, her head laying on Zach's chest. Hearing her Zach puckered at her temptation. It was as if she was reading his mind.
"It's not as big as his." He laughs as Iris uses her fingers to promote a lengthy seven inches, silver dollar sized girth. Nick turned red laughing then took another drink. Iris began unbuttoning Nick's black shirt revealing a hairy chest, fingers tangling up in it she shivers for effect.
"You boys are both hairballs." Iris winks at Zach. "Khloe? Would you like to help me take his shoes and pants off?" Nick bulged his eyes as Iris slipped away kneeling between he and the coffee table. As she began removing his own boots Khloe without even looking for permission crawls from Zach's lap and removes the matching boot, followed by socks. Once off both girls joined forces in unfastening his belt and jeans. Nick shot glances at Zach trying to understand why this was going down, even as he competed with his pants. Drug from his body by Iris, left Khloe to finish unbuttoning his shirt and kissing his chest as she went along. While Nick studied Khloe's flirtatious big brown orbs, Iris eyed Zach without a word. He stared at her the entire time. With his shirt escaping his body Nick was down to his boxers. Mesmerized by Khloe playfully pinching his chest hair, Iris crosses her arms over her man's lap and lays her chin on them, his boner tenting up the boxers held together by a single tiny button.
"I think she likes you." Iris goads Nick blowing a draft of exhale between the parted fabric of his boxers. That drew his attention back to his fiancée, her eyes sparkling at watching Khloe tease her man.
"This is crazy." He huffed his cheeks, "Are you really okay with this?"
"As long as I get to play too." Iris bites her lower lip waiting on his response while Khloe kisses her way south over his belly, partially obstructing their view of one another.
"Let me guess...with Zach?"
"If he wants too." She rolls her cheek along the length of Nick's erection while looking toward Zach for his decision. Before he could even reply a knock on the door distracted him. Worst timing ever he worried it might be Heidi's sister Kayla and or their bestie Nastiya, or both. Pausing Iris with a finger Zach hopped up and went to the door, squinting through the peep hole. Smirking Zach just opens the door gruffly and stares down a luscious redhead with worried eyes. Those same trembling eyes swiftly drop to the realization that Zach was nude yet again, his dick mighty and throbbing to the inspection.
"Bad timing?" Petra Monahan asks, her eyes glued to his beast.
"Depends. You still got a voice after all that screaming?"
"What? You...heard me?"
"I see you met the other neighbors, Jaye and not so silent Bob. What was your name again? Oh, that's right Jaye called you Slut. What do you want Miss Slut?"
"I...did. Oh, God!" She holds her breath and forces her eyes upward to meet his. "Was I really that loud?"
"Too quiet for my tastes."
"I can...improve." She trembles in his gaze.
Without even looking around for nosey neighbors Zach steps into the hall and lifts her chin with his knuckle, "So...Johannson...you here for me or Heidi? No excuses."
"You. I...heard all of you earlier too. My God! I got so turned on by it."
"So, you just go around knocking to find a better offer?"
"No. They...found me...touching myself in the hallway. I...couldn't help myself."
"There was always Herman in a pinch." He grins, but remains stern.
"Ewww! No way."
"Then, go away." He drops his hand and starts to turn, she panics and quickly grabs his arm.
"Wait! Please! Why bring up...Herman?" She looked haunted.
"Not worth it." He pulls his arm from her grasp, "Go play."
"I want to...with you."
"Kinda busy."
"Please..." She trembled heavily fearing loss.
Stepping back into his doorway he nods at Petra to venture a glimpse inside at the sofa. Nick Riley just laid back as Iris ripped the button off of his boxers and brought out his livelihood, stimulating it with her curling fingers, Khloe zeroing in without bothering to ask Iris if it was okay, other than a soft needy glance, the girl was certainly a good actress. Between Iris and Khloe they shared in licking his dick. Nick was in absolute awe. A timid glance at Zach found Petra, his eyes bulging wide, "Damn Buddy. How many girls you got?"
"She's not mine. Nosey neighbor is all."
"Hey there Nosey. Hot nosey neighbor at that." He nods grinning from ear to ear.
"Hi." Petra nibbles her lower lip watching the girls now taking turns sucking his dick. It instantly drew her back to Zach with a desperate yearning. "Please..."
"Trial basis. You have exactly thirty seconds to lose that dress. Time her Rolex." He nods at Nick who looks at his wrist watch. Petra reached down for the hem of her short skirt and yanked her dress over her head to stand nude before Zach. No underwear helped her immediate response.
"That was ten seconds flat. I'm impressed. I'm digging your Harem, Bro." Nick laughed, just as Zach slammed the door shut. Khloe didn't even flinch. Keeper for certain.
"The happy couple just got engaged. Get your sexy ass over there and celebrate with them." Zach slaps her on the ass to ignite her spirit. Petra Monahan rose to the occasion and didn't even question the situation. She crawled onto the couch and set about curling up next to Nick and rubbing his chest. Peering down at the girls, she knew Khloe from earlier in the day. Iris was obviously the future bride. Hesitating as if asking mental permission to explore more Petra heard Zach growl, "Assert, or get the fuck out." Petra just drew Nick into a kiss and let him play with her 36C's. Iris lifted her jaw away from her man's cock and let Khloe take over, her eyes invested on Zach for his outburst. She liked his demeanor. Just before his temptation to coax Iris to his side another distraction ruined the moment.
"What's going on out here Dad?"
Zach rolled his eyes as Heidi Baker leaned on her doorway, eyes tired but curious.
"Dad?" Nick ripped away from Petra's kiss, "You don't have any kids."
"I do now." He glares at Heidi, "Go to your room."
Out of spite of his gruff attitude Heidi just parades right on out into the living room totally nude, still sticky from dried cum, pretty as you please. "Hi. I'm Heidi. I just recently tracked down my Dad here. We're roommates now. Yay us!" She moves to Nick's right arm and shakes his hand, "Hi Petra. Fancy meeting you here." She winked.
"I hate you." Petra pouted.
"Why?"
"I just do." Heidi knew what she meant, it could have been Heidi living with Herman, Petra with Zach. Too late so sad.
"Hi Heidi, I'm Iris. Nick's fiancée." Iris lifts her own hand to greet the blond, showing off her diamond.
"Oh, my Gosh! I love the bling." Heidi admires the rock, "I want one." Her eyes dart toward her room. In the doorway ducking only his head around the corner was her new lover Weaver Kytes. Lifting the woman's hand to show him the ring she repeats herself, "I want jewelry."
"Kid? Come get my rugrat and take her back to bed before I paddle her ass." Zach rolled his eyes.
In the moment Iris notices Heidi's sunflower tattoo above her clit and grinned, "I love the tattoo placement." In response Heidi lowered both hands to her pubic region as if drawing attention to it. Nick zeroed in instantly, licking his lips.
"She loves me, she loves me not." Nick winked at Iris who mouthed "I love you." He believed her.
Zach noting Heidi's continued stance in showing off her tattoo rubbed his chin with curiosity, "You wearing any flowers down there Iris? Namesake and all."
"Oh, no. Only a tramp stamp that reads, If you can read this you should be fucking me." She laughed. Heidi immediately leaned around Iris lifting her shirt for confirmation. Sure enough there it was.
Giggling Heidi grew excited, "Love it. Hey, My stepdad is a tattoo artist. We can get you a flower, free even," She hisses just as fast, "Well, one stipulation to that free, he demands a thirty second lick fest over your clit as payment. Don't judge me." She jabs an index finger toward Zach.
"Wait!" Zach winced, "Your stepdad licks every clit he puts a flower over? Nastiya?"
"Yep."
"Even...Kayla?" Zach was certainly invested in the artist more now.
"Do we really need to go there now...DADDY?"
"Nope. Later though. I think I really need to meet this Peck. Hold up, did he get the name Peck for pecking every clit in Seattle?" She ignored him in favor of hugging Iris to welcome her to the family.
Weaver in their banter began noting Khloe sucking off Nick with a dedicated appetite, and the redhead that he met earlier in the hallway nude as well, his dick riled up like never before. Shaking like a leaf Weaver dared to join the gathering, moving around everyone to reach Heidi. Heidi threw her arms around him and sucked him in for a mind blowing make out session. With her bare bottom within reach of Nick, he had to check her out. Whistling under his breath at her perfect little ass he began to sweat. Sipping the last bit of whiskey from his cup he snaps a glare at Zach. "HOLD UP! YOU REALLY HAVE A KID? YOU LET HER RUN AROUND NAKED LIKE YOU? WHAT THE FUCK BRO?"
"Being a freak runs in the family." Zach smirks as Iris found herself staring at him favorably. She just could not get over everything that was happening, so fast at that. Who is this man? How was it he had these two beautiful girls wrapped around his finger so willing to go after her man right before her eyes? Mind blown Iris stood up and fanned herself with both hands. Between Khloe sucking Nick's cock as if she were starving, the redhead Petra kissing on him and touching him all over, and now Zach's daughter placing her ass right up to Nick's reach, all she could do was fantasize. She knew Nick wanted to rub Heidi's ass, but the whole daughter thing seemed to make Nick hesitate. Zach polished off his own whisky and poured a second round. Toasting Nick he moved next to Iris and placed his arm around her shoulder. She shivered within his caress as his hand crept down her halter to tease her areola with a soft finger trailing her inner circle, it felt entirely too good.
"Nicholas? This here is my engagement gift to you. Stop sweating and make these girls treat you like a king."
"Isn't that my job?" Iris turned sideways into Zach's chest to place her hand on his abs. The merest touch upon his six pack she felt a thin trickle of her own pent up stimulation make it's way down her inner thigh, moving toward her knee. No underwear beneath her jean shorts allowed her juices to roam freely. Eying first Zach's erection just below her fingers, then up to explore his eyes she swallows and turns to Nick, "Honey? You have my permission to fuck these girls."
"Even?" Nick's eyes dart toward Heidi's ass as she and Weaver grew hot and heavy.
"Not my kid. She has her boyfriend there." Zach responded saving Heidi from another guy. Hearing the word boyfriend Weaver broke their kiss to express a second of shock.
"Boyfriend?"
"Date me. We'll decide that later Pinky." Heidi kissed his chin bordering on sucking it. She knew how to seduce that was for certain, his eyes rolled back into his head. While so near to Nick, Heidi reached behind her back and coaxed Nick's hand up to rub her butt, defying Daddy Zach even as he grumbled over it. Iris could only raise her brows at Heidi's boldness.
Zach removed his hand from beneath Iris' halter and moved to her hair snatching it up and drawing her head back, without asking permission he just leaned in kissing on her throat. Iris gasped and whimpered at his intimate intrusion. In seconds they were locked into kissing one another. Petra seeing Zach and Iris kiss, Weaver and Heidi making out, and Khloe devouring Nick without slowing down in her own messy mumbles of delight, she felt lonely all of a sudden. Pouting slightly, she just forced Nick into a lip lock of his own. Everyone had a lover.
While distracted Zach picks Iris up in his arms cradling her as they kissed and carried her away. Taking her to his bedroom he laid her on his mattress and set about undressing her. She watched his every move until she gave up her attire without a fight. Once naked she observed Zach stand tall to admire her stunning body. Those fake tits were attention getters.
"Take that ring off." Zach winced with a stern expectation. She hesitantly lifts her hand looking at her diamond, then just does it. She knew it was wrong, but she concluded that for the next few hours she was single again. Tossing the ring at him he snatched it out of mid air and took it to his dresser for safe keeping. He then moved back to the foot of his bed and stared down at her. She squirmed a bit in his covers caressing her body from chest to pubic vacancy. Shaved slick as a whistle she had a near perfect labia, tight and almost hiding.
"Say it." He prompted her to voice what he wanted her to say.
"Fuck me."
"Nope. Say it."
"Make...love to me." She teared up knowing that was exactly what she wanted. Nodding he crawled in over her and began kissing her everywhere with nomadic sensuality. Iris enjoyed every tender moment, leading to his eating her out to a soft symphony of moans. Amid a few, "Ohhh, Zach's." He was in no hurry, this was her day.
Out in the living room Nick felt like cumming even with Petra taking his breath away. His hand palming the back of Khloe's head forcing her deeper until his balls crushed against her chin, maintained her enthusiasm. Hearing him growl, Petra parted lips and smiled at Khloe's imprisonment. Khloe refused to look anywhere other than upon his dick, her nails moving up to trail his upper thighs as if begging him to cum in her mouth. Other ears heard Nick's preparation and Heidi broke rank guiding Weaver behind Khloe. Forced to abandon their kiss she escapes Weaver and moves the coffee table back to give Khloe more room. Taking Weaver by the hand she kneels behind Khloe's sculpted ass and rubs her left cheek, encouraging Weaver to rub her right cheek, in response Khloe moaned with her mouth full. Weaver was astonished by this interaction, his jaw drooping as he enjoyed caressing Khloe.
"Doesn't she have a gorgeous butt?" Heidi giggled.
"Is this a test?" Weaver worried that Heidi would suddenly get jealous and push him away. Shaking her head at him she leaned over to share another kiss. Tugging at his lip Heidi whispered, "You should fuck her."
"What?" He turned pale as Heidi's free hand stroked the punk rocker's cock. Sparkling eyes made him melt as he allowed Heidi to pull his dick closer to Khloe's clam. Taunting him she smothers his crown amid Khloe's labia until locating her drenched canal. Using her own fingers Heidi pries Khloe wide and literally welcomes Weaver inside the bombshell brunette. Khloe moaned even harder as Nick held her firmly against his body. In seconds, Weaver caved and was thrusting up inside Khloe Vaughn, all while Heidi kissed him. Nick discovered Petra's breasts as she rose up on her side to feed him her nipples. The Groom was having the time of his life. With Nick snarling more vibrantly Heidi peeled her lips from Weaver's and stood up, consoling Weaver with a smile before dancing back around to Nick's side. Sitting on the arm of the couch Heidi leans down toward Nick and rubs his chest.
"Don't cum yet. Close your eyes and just listen to the world around you." She entices him while smiling at Petra. Sealing his eyelids at her suggestion he explored the soft moans of Khloe, of Weaver's exhales of wonderment. Of...was Iris moaning too? Hearing a shrill, "Ohhhhh, Zach." over and over Nick swallowed dryly, his balls aching to release their pent up readiness.
"Wait for it." Heidi whispered into his ear. Two minutes of exhausted imagination he hears Iris cry out a window shaking, "OH MY GOD! FUCK ME ZACH!" The echoes grew louder with each pounding insertion, Nick had all sorts of facial expressions, loss, confusion, desire, need. Heidi softly kissed his cheek. "Daddy is stealing your fiancee. You should steal something in return. It's only fair."
"Fucking bullshit." Nick groaned, eyelids still locked down tight. With a removal of his hand on Khloe's scalp the brunette eased her mouth away from Nick's throbbing beast. Without a second to decide anything Khloe just pulled away from Weaver and turned to face him, using her weight to topple the boy over on to his back. Mounting him she reintroduced his cock to her pussy and rode him hard, venturing to lean over and absorb his lips with a starving kiss. In the moment Weaver never even stressed over her breath smelling of Nick's cock.
Heidi smiled at their union and patted Nick's lower abdomen. He twitched at her touch, joined by Petra's who gently squeezed his balls. "Fuck I need to cum."
"Not yet. Wait for your bride." Heidi whispered, "Are you going to take what My Dad is doing to Iris? Listen to her, she's begging him to fuck her harder. He's going to cum inside her soon. So unfair."
"What the fuck?" He fidgets, unable to open his eyes as Iris cried out relentlessly.
"You should do something to get even with them."
Petra sensed where Heidi was going with this and peeled away from Nick's possession. Moving to the center of the couch Petra Monahan chose to just masturbate in her own little world, closing her own eyes to soak up the sounds of ecstasy. With each outburst Iris expressed of, "FUCK ME ZACH." Petra mumbled an encore, envisioning him doing the same to her. The fantasy seemed so real.
In response to an eardrum bursting orgasm Nick Riley had heard enough. Eyelids popping wide he snatches up Heidi and pulls her forcefully into his lap, his dick sliding up under her for a deep burrowing entry. Heidi Baker cooed and felt his strength rising up with her in his arms. Standing tall while gripping both of her ass cheeks to keep her from falling, she clung to his shoulders. Carrying Heidi down the short hallway he marched right into Zach's bedroom and observed Zach's thrusting hips. He could literally witness his boys dick plunging hard into a tightly stretched cunt of pink detail, her gushing squirts spattering around each devastating depth charge.
"Fuck." Nick huffed then sneered at Heidi who mouthed the words, "Get even." Her sensual enticement sent Nick charging toward the bed next to Zach and Iris. Settling in Nick snarled and began destroying Heidi. It quickly became yet another duel like earlier in the day between Zach and Weaver Kytes. Ignoring their infiltration Zach just stepped up his game, kissing the gorgeous neck of Iris making her ignore Nick as well. Still, she reeled with, "Ohhhh, Zach. I love you." Hearing this Nick narrowed his eyes and vented on Heidi, a similar range of echoes erupted through her own lips with words just as engaging.
"FUCK MY PUSSY NICK. MAKE DADDY PAY FOR WHAT HE'S DOING TO YOUR FUTURE WIFE."
That made Zach grin, maybe Heidi was his flesh and blood. Evil was hereditary they say. This fueled Zach to utilize his own tongue, "Coming back for more of this Iris?"
"NOTHING WILL STOP ME."
"You don't need that pencil dick Nick do you?"
"NOOO! I WANT TO BE YOURS."
"What the hell?" Nick growled and gripped Heidi's blond hair, "This feel like a pencil dick to you Princess?"
"No. I love your cock Nick. Don't stop. Make her jealous. Prove to my Dad you're better than him."
"Not even close Kid." Zach sighed loudly, venturing to lift his lovers hand and cross its path with Nick's. Their fingers curling into a firm hand hold the engaged couple reinforces their commitment.
"I love you." Iris murmured gripping Nick's hand tighter, even as her words locked in on Zach's eyes. Torn yet committed to her man she arches her back prepping another orgasm. This made Heidi realize her own need to do the same. Nick was on a mission for sure. Just as Iris flooded the bed quaking with insanity, Heidi joined her. Two thick dicks drowned within seconds of one another, swimming in torrent after torrent of lapping hot juices.
The boys were both ready to cum themselves. Rearing up over the girls the best buddies fist bump one another with an uncertain respect, which meant Nick unlocking his grip on Iris' hand. Zach smirking at Nick broke the silence, "I'm fucking your bitch whenever I want to."
Nick sneered at him, "I'm nailing your daughter whenever I want to."
"Sounds fair. Don't cum in my kid. Cum on her." He nods at Heidi's dancing tits, her eyes rolling back from her own orgasm. Turning his attention back on Iris Zach snapped, "Anything to say?"
"Nick who?" Iris giggled then blew her man a kiss. This led her to admit, "Baby? Can I keep him?"
"Fuck it. You're a bastard Pedigo."
"Takes one to know one Riley." Their breathing shared their nearness in detonation. "In or on?" He asks Iris for the call. She whimpered looking at Nick, she knew she wanted all of Zach, yet her love really was for Nick. Before she could reply Heidi grips her hand as Nick had prior and cums hard again.
"MEEEEEEEEEEEE!" Heidi yelped. Almost as if luring them in the four lovers became six. Weaver Kytes had carried Khloe into the bedroom too, Khloe kissing his neck without acknowledging where she was. Weaver eyed Heidi even with Khloe spoiling him, in turn noting Heidi being fucked by Nick.
Zach nodded at Khloe's fierce dedication then sighed, "Put Khloe down and get up here Willy Idol, my kid needs ya."
Dropping Khloe the nurse just crumbled to her knees and lowered her gaze. Zach took note, impressed to high Heaven.
Moving around the bed Weaver crawled in next to Heidi and kissed her. She devoured his mouth even as Nick continued thrusting deep, his finger now massaging her clit. The muffled response was a thing of beauty. Zach not to be outdone rubbed Iris to ignite her spark.
"I think Heidi needs you." Iris whispered to Zach, figuring out the drifting eye contact he had toward the blond. Freaks by nature just know. Nodding at her guessing correctly, Zach pulled out of Iris and nudged her to her side facing Heidi to make room in hovering over the girl. Nick noting Zach's jerking off over his daughter clued him in, not his kid. Silence drew him to pull out of the young blond and straddle her torso, jerking off near her tits.
"Got anything left in ya Willy?" Zach snapped at Weaver.
"Yes Sir." He vouched as he stepped to his knees over her with anticipation. Joining in by stroking his dick harder the trio of men became lions and jettisoned rockets of milky white cum all over Heidi's upper body. The girl dug her nails into the sheets curling them in her next mental orgasm, her other hand held by Iris firmly for support.
"I LOVE YOU TOM!" Heidi lost her mind.
"Who's Tom?" Nick winced tossing final droplets on the underside of Heidi's chest.
"Long story. Happy now Kid?" Zach winked at Heidi.
"Yes Sir." Weaver laughed mistaking whom Zach was referring to. Heidi drew her Rocker's cock to her mouth and tasted what was left, including Khloe Vaughn's leftovers. Once done feeding on Weaver she lifts her head to peer down over her snowcapped mountains and released her man to start rolling her fingers in the milk. Zach slapped her hand making Heidi pout as to why he was denying her fetish to feast.
"JOHANNSON!!" Zach bellowed making Iris grin at his control. It was intoxicating.
Racing to the doorway Petra hugged the frame, noting Khloe on her knees bowing, tempted to join her Petra heard Zach grumble, "Get over here." The redhead hurried to the bed as Zach reached out to grip her by her long red ponytail drawing her into bed next to Iris.
"Feed the baby." He points at Heidi's chest, then at Heidi's face. Instinct took over as she leaned across Iris to roll her fingers in the mass of glossy cum. With scoop after scoop Petra placed her fingers into Heidi's mouth allowing her to lick them dry. Time and time again until there was nothing left. Zach concluded enough was enough and yanked Petra back by her ponytail and drew her face to face with him. She trembled at his gaze. "Go home. Tease Herman. Come when I call." He sealed it with a steamy kiss. Nudging her away the stunning redhead took her leave.
"HATE ME BITCH." Heidi belted out as Petra put her dress on. With a smirk Petra Monahan had to laugh. Her life was taking a strange turn indeed. Why Herman? A muted groan of reluctance exhaled, Petra went home.
Zach stood up to stretch, Nick joining him in a vivid circulation booster. Iris remained in bed studying both of them. Torn mentally, yet dedicated to Nick she merely sighed.
"You two." Zach snapped his fingers at Heidi and Weaver, "Take it to her room."
Leaping out of bed Weaver pulled Heidi with him. Yanking Weaver to a halt Heidi grinned at Zach then lifted up on her toes to kiss his cheek, "Love you Daddy." He merely shook his head slapping her ass without looking at it. Off the cute couple went. Waiting on a door to close Zach turned his attention to his dresser. Stepping around Nick he plucked up their engagement ring and poised it in front of Nick's face, "You didn't even notice it was missing."
"What the fuck?" Nick snapped a glare at Iris who cringed slightly.
"Stand up." Zach waved Iris to her feet. Right before Nick, Zach dropped to one knee and held the ring as if proposing himself, "Will you do me the honor of marrying my best buddy?" Her eyes teared up as they had when Nick did this same move.
"YESSSSSSS!" Her wedding finger poised to accept him putting it on her. As he slid it halfway on Zach paused.
"Will you fuck me whenever I say bitch get over here?"
"YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!" She laughed shrugging at Nick. Nick rubbed his neck hissing, "Asshole."
"Oh, I'm taking that next time, bet on that Romeo." Zach chuckled.
Iris accepted the ring and laughed at herself then turned crawling back into bed. Looking up at Zach and Nick she called them to her with a curling finger. "Why wait?" Puckering Zach stood up and placed an arm around Nick's shoulder.
"Heads or tails?"
Nick sighed watching Iris move into a doggy style stance and shake her ass playfully. Nodding with a deafening exhale he decided, "Catch up on your reading Buddy." With that notification Nick crawled under Iris and let her ride him. Zach totally ignoring Khloe on the floor moved in behind Iris and read her tramp stamp. Spitting on her ass, then his dick, Zach took Iris from behind. His thick beast Hardy easing in made Iris look down at Nick with awe and found herself immediately declaring to Nick just how much she loved Zach's cock, going so far as whimpering, "I'm falling in love with your best friend." That jogged Nick's memory of why they dropped by in the first place.
"Hey Asshammer, that reminds me, you're gonna be my Best Man." He chuckled trying to keep in rhythm with Zach in order to give Iris the full meal squeal. It was working, she was moaning almost childlike, with soft murmurs of, "Fuck me Zach." Not even offering her pleasure toward her man. Nick noticed but just smirked. He knew she loved him. Smug, Zach reached over her back and clutched her hair tugging her head back, just as Nick chose to extend his arms and choke her. The combination sent her brain into another dimension. "YESSSSSSSSS! DOMINATE MEEEEEE!"
"Dominate?" Nick winced, "So, that's why you're liking Zach so much."
"You called it Buddy. I am the BEST MAN in this threesome."
"Starting to believe that. Hey beautiful?" Iris couldn't look straight at him, her eyes rolling back into her skull, "Am I losing you?"
"Zach...Zach...oh my God...Fuck me Zach."
"Snooze you lose Pansy." Zach grunted, leaning next to her ear to question her further, "Who owns these holes Slut?"
"YOU DO."
"Who are you in love with?" He deepened the daggers plunge.
"Both of you. You more." She couldn't help herself.
"What the fuck Iris?" Nick winced slowing down his upward thrusts into her sloppy cunt.
"Tell Groom here what he's not doing right."
"He's weak, it's all sensual without any demands upon me. I need to be owned. I want to be abused, tied up, forced to comply. Nick...I love you...but I'm only being honest."
"Are we breaking up?" Nick swallowed dryly, halting his enthusiasm suddenly. This led Zach to release her hair for her to face Nick, her eyes tearing up she collapses into Nick's chest and kisses him really hard. Zach stayed on course tearing her ass up. Finally, Zach yanked her back by her hair denying her, her mate.
"Tell him the truth."
"I can't wait to be Mrs. Nick Riley. I worship your love Nick...I just...want more. I...don't want this to feel like betrayal...it's not. Zach just has something I need."
"Damn! I never saw this coming." Nick exhaled in a whistling noise.
"You proposed to her your way Nico, now let me make a proposal."
"OH MY GOD!" Iris melted with tears running wildly now.
"Hear me out Nico. You know I love you like a brother."
"Same here Bro. I'm listening."
"You know I'm not getting in any relationship." He halts his speech just long enough to leer over at Khloe, still kneeling with her head lowered, "ISN'T THAT RIGHT TROPHY?" Zach's evolution was morphing right along, he was getting more and more in control of who he wanted to be.
"Yes." Khloe replied with dedication.
"Finish this Zach." Nick needed to know his friend's thoughts.
Dragging Iris all the way back into his chest, Zach reached around and grabbed her throat, somehow managing to keep his monster cock active within her ass. Nick's crown barely posed inside her tunnel at Zach's recoil. "I propose that she marries the man she loves, which is you. BUT...I counter propose that she serves me and becomes my slut. Let me groom her for the Groom. You give her the affection, love, and passion...I give her the hardcore fucking, and bondage."
"I DOOOOO!" She begs, "Pleeeease Nick...let me have this."
"Seriously?"
"Admit to your man what you truly desire." Zach releases her chin to slap her tit hard. She began shaking like a leaf as his opposite hand moved from her hair to encompass her throat. "Darkest desires Cunt."
"I need to be humiliated, forced to fuck other men, to live a life that has no boundaries."
"Isn't that wonderful." Nick pulls all the way out of Iris and crawls up on his knees to face her, Zach still hitting her ass, although slower, another few tit slaps to keep her in thrall. Nick studied his Bride to be, her tears making her mascara run down her face. "How can you love me and expect..."
"I want to be your wife Nick...I just...want Zach to...assume control...like he's doing with Khloe there. Like that Petra girl."
"Like Cleo too." Zach bragged.
"You really do have a harem don't you?" Nick shook his head.
"Good start. Always room for more. Look at your Bride, Nico. I know she loves you, these tears are for you, not for what I'm doing."
"Is that true Iris?"
"Yes, Baby. I love you so much. I will never go behind your back. What I do with Zach is..."
"In your face." Zach hisses, "When she's with me, that wedding ring comes off. With you it stays on. If she fails you, I'm done with her whore ass."
"Hey, that's my..."
"I am a whore...I want to be Zach's whore."
"Your mate and lover." Zach points out the difference.
"So...I'm not what you truly want...not enough..." Nick sneers.
"You're everything I want passionately Nick. I just know...you could never be what Zach is like. I want both worlds. I NEED both worlds."
"Give it a whirl Nico. You know I'm not stealing her. Just giving her your shadow."
"If I let this happen, I don't ever want to hear that I cheated on you. I WILL fuck other women."
"I want you to Baby. I'll gladly join you when you want me to."
Sighing heavily Nick falls back on to the mattress and strokes his dick, "Let's finish this."
Zach nudges her back down over Nick, and she greedily assists Nick's cock back inside her pussy. As soon as the three of them were ready to proceed Zach looks down at Nick, "NO MERCY."
Nick was pissed off anyway, so it became a love/hate fuck. Between two powerful forces Iris MacNamara had three screaming orgasms in a row. Violent thrusting destroyed her sanity until both men nutted in her hard, so hard that she was spilling out around Nick's cock like a vanilla milkshake dumped in his lap.
"Show your man he made the right decision." Zach pulled out of her ass and shoved her into Nick's arms. Passion flooded over the couple. Nick couldn't get enough of her kisses. It was going to take a lot of alcohol to accept the whole pact. Luckily, Jack was in the house.
"I love you Nick Riley." Good enough for him.
Catching their breath the three lovers left Khloe on her knees and went to the living room to get drunk. Lights off, door shut Khloe Vaughn remained there. Heart pounding at how aggressive Zach was with Iris, she desired the same. The Trophy would shine until Zach came back to admire it.
Nick and Iris walked out to the sofa hand in hand and sat down cuddling, while Zach poured their drinks. Sitting down opposite Iris, Zach offered up a toast. "To Mister Jekyll AND Mister Hyde. The cunt in between is our new experiment." Nick tried not to laugh but settled on a light chuckle. Iris downed her shot and leaned forward to place her plastic cup on the coffee table. Setting back she immediately turned her attention on Nick, sucking his cock lovingly. He was forgiving her weirdness faster than expected. Glaring over her at Zach he noted his best friend mouth the words, "Have faith in me." Nick nodded and scratched his neck.
While Iris attended to Nick, Zach lifted her left leg up and back, rolling her gorgeous bod further into the couch cushion. From there Zach planted two fingers inside her cunt and drilled her like a jackhammer. His efforts made her suck Nick that much harder, loving on his cock with a noisy dedication. From two fingers to three, she became a slobbering mess both from saliva and pussy juice. Using his other hand Zach licked his fingertips then ferociously massaged her clit to accompany his mad knuckle deep insertions. She started to take her mouth off of Nick's dick but Zach growled, "NEVER leave a cock lonely." She swallowed her man deeper and explored her hunger pangs. Nick found his balls bunched up on her chin. Never ever had she taken him in so far. He nutted thirty seconds later.
Zach in his rapid fire finger motion added a fourth finger and dug in deep, her cunt was spraying out all around his knuckle diving. She moaned explosively over Nick's mouthful, swallowing his jizz with constricting throat muscles massaging his girth until he let loose a second torrent. "FUCK!" Nick fell back on the sofa dangling his head back.
"AGAIN!" Zach bellowed. In response Iris fucked her face harder than before, her hand palming Nick's balls, squeezing them in hopes for another round of drinks. Zach was relentless attempting to dig his thumb in under the four fingers he had in play. He wanted to fist her, he had her so juicy and wide he felt that he could manage it. She was more than accepting of anything Zach chose to do. What was a little pain? Almost there...
In his dramatic return to watch his fiancée, Nick chose to caress her hair, then try his hand at a bit of force. Palming the top of her head he held her deep throat just to hear her muffled praise. She loved even that little bit of extra effort on her man's part. She was growing louder by the second, feeling Zach pushing harder in his quest to fist her. She had never in her life been taken to this threshold. Her vagina stretching wide, pink rippling around his pressure, she screamed over Nick's cock. Fearing he was hurting her Nick let up, only to find Iris clawing at his hand and pulling it back where it was, encouraging him to keep her locked down. Nick stared in amazement and held her steadfast, his scrotum ballooning up under her chin.
"HIGH FIVE!" Zach bellowed just as his hand disappeared up to his wrist. Iris MacNamara screamed with her throat clogged, a gurgling mess that matched the gusher around Zach's sunken treasure. He fist fucked her a good five minutes, Nick terrified that she was being hurt by all of her convulsing screams.
At the door of her bedroom Heidi Baker snuck a peek around the corner, having heard so shrill of screams. Her own fingers drawn to her pussy, she watches Zach ramming his hand inside Iris like lightning punches. Clit sensitive Heidi whimpered, just as Zach glared right at her with a threatening sneer. Heidi bit her lip and rubbed that much harder defying Zach's obvious thoughts of, "GO TO YOUR FUCKING ROOM." The delightful misery in Iris MacNamara's tone made Heidi seek her interior. Fingers sinking within her own wet cavern of temptation. Light yelps heard she trembles with each scream experienced, echoing throughout the apartment. Just as Heidi came a hand grabbed her and yanked her back into her room. Seconds later Heidi was again competing like a trumpet sounding. Weaver Kytes was back in action.
"RUB HER CLIT." Zach snarled at Nick. Nick in turn switched hands atop her head and extended out to massage his fiancées swollen clit, "HARDER NICO." Insanity all around Iris reacts with violent limbs, forcing Zach to hold her leg over his shoulder.
"ZZZZZZZZZZZZAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCCCCCHHHHHHHHHH!" Even with her mouth full they heard his name clearly. Iris MacNamara gushed so hard that it squirted all across Zach's arm and even spitting at his pecs. Falling numb Zach slowed his momentum but kept his hand within her. Nick admiring Zach's missing fist dropped his jaw.
"Holy shit! I didn't think that was possible."
"You see now what she's missing in her diet, right?"
"Yeah, I do." Nick lifts her head away from his cock in a flood of pent up saliva and withheld jizz. Iris was one messy piece of ass. Groaning with her eyes rolled back trying to reconnect with her nervous system she just quaked. Still Zach kept his hand entombed.
"Look at me." Zach instructed her, using his left hand to slap her tit hard enough to revive her gaze. "I SAID LOOK AT ME." His bellow bolted her eyelids wide and she stared with admiration. "Where is my hand?"
"Deep inside me."
"Look directly at it." She lowered her eyes to bear witness to her pussy holding his hand captive.
"Oh my God!"
"This is my wedding ring. The ring around my wrist is your devotion to me. Is that understood?"
"YES! WEAR ME. MAKE ME YOURS."
"Make you OURS. Nick and I. When I call you come, even if you're making love to him. When I'm done with your slut ass you return to Nick faithfully and offer more passion than he has ever experienced. Am I clear?"
"YES."
"When I remove my ring, you belong to him. When you remove his ring, you belong to me."
"So...ring toss?" Nick snickered. Zach ignored the comedy. Iris could not even blink.
"Time to go." Zach slowly retreats, his hands bringing a flood of dammed up cum with him. She bawled at his abandonment.
"Don't leave me Zach."
"Go home."
Weeping she crawls into Nick's embrace and kisses him warmly, he enjoyed the tenderness after such chaos. She did as well, moaning, "I love you." over and over into his mouth as their tongues intertwined.
Zach stood up to stretch and pours himself another drink, downing it in a single throwback. Admiring the lovers he chose to step over to Heidi's opened bedroom door and lean on the threshold. Within the darkness he heard soft moans of her own. Weaver was obviously making love not war. Closing her door quietly, he paused with a smile. This was a good day. He was happy with his expanded role into an area he had been exploring little by little since he was with his ex-wife Shea, yet sealed up within his vaulted soul until now. Heidi Baker was relished as his savior. Somehow, she had brought the right combination to the vault and had unlocked it. Let the riches flow. There was no turning back. Going forward Zach Pedigo was on his way to Godhood. As close to that divinity as could be entertained.
After a lengthy piss Zach went back to his bedroom closing the rest of the world out. Nick and Iris made love on Zach's floor once more before getting dressed and heading home. They would touch base tomorrow.
Pausing next to Khloe, Zach sighed, "You made your point. Get your trophy ass in bed." Instantly, Khloe Vaughn stood up nearly falling due to loss of circulation in her legs. "I'm not picking you up." She said nothing and followed him to bed, waiting on him to climb in under wet covers. Instead of joining him she chose a different approach. Dropping to the carpet she stretches out and smiles.
A pillow fell on her head and she clutched it to her chest.
"Night Khloe."
"Goodnight Sweet Master."
Drunk but capable of comprehending her designation he shrugged it off. That term Master was going to need awhile to sink in. "This is the good life." The apartment grew silent. Cut short by Heidi Baker's snoring. Pillows were used to cover their heads against the racket. Unable to sleep Zach made a fateful gesture. Crawling from his bed he brought his own pillow with him and joined Khloe on the floor. Snuggling up behind her they fell fast asleep. Khloe Vaughn was content.
The trophy continued to shine.
==================
Coming soon : Be My Guest 14 : GETTING cOFFee