Nude walking is something that I do quite often and sometimes, just sometimes it ends with masturbation as I enjoy it in the open air and sunshine. Its normally just me with my thoughts but this time I had taken my phone with me.
Setting off from my usual spot I decided to do my walk in reverse. I set off and part the way across a field, away from the road and any prying eyes I stripped off out of my t-shirt and shorts. No underwear so clothing stuffed into my rucksack and off I go across the grass field.
The warm summer air touches my body in a way that I always enjoy. Caressing parts of my body that never normally felt the wind against them when I was wearing clothes.
I reached the edge of the field and found a small fence to cross. Once over it I had to cross a farmers field. It was surreal as crops were growing and there I was wandering across the field amongst them.
The sun was beating down so I took a bottle of water from my rucksack and had a sip. I'm not sure why but I decided to pour some over my body. The cool water trickled over my chest and then down my body, over my cock and balls before trickling onto the dry ground. It felt good and I slowly caressed my cock as I stood there.
Knowing that I was only half way round the walk I carried on. I came to the edge of the field and a metal gate was on my left. I opened the gate I started to walk into the next field and as with the previous one it had been empty.
As I walked down the side of the field, along the hedge row I noticed a lady who had walked round the corner of the hedge. She was on her own and had a pair of binoculars round her neck. I guess she was out bird watching. I'm not sure whether she had not seen me or not or whether she was just oblivious to my presence.
We continued to walk towards each other and then she looked up and saw me. She smiled and carried on towards me. As we passed she simply said "Hello" and carried on walking, though I did notice that she had a sly look at my cock as she went past. At a guess I would say she was aged in her late 40's and wearing a shirt, shorts and a pair walking boots.
I carried on and as I looked round she had neared the gate I had just come through.
Turning the corner at the edge of the field I walked along another hedge row and them came to a large tree at the base which was a wooden bench. I sat down. Other than the wind rustling through the leaves, there was no other sound. I put my rucksack down and used it as a make shift pillow.
There I was naked, lying on the bench with my head on my rucksack. Then I remembered my phone. Sitting up I took it out of my rucksack. I saw that there was a signal on my 4g so I knew I could access the internet.
Lying back down again I accessed one of the porn sites I usually used and started to watch a film of a woman outdoors masturbating. I could feel my cock start to twitch and in no time it was erect and throbbing. I didn't touch it but kept watching the film. Once I'd watched that one I found another to watch and this time I started to hold the phone in one hand while I slowly caressed my cock with the other. I even squeezed my balls at one point.
The feeling of lying there in the outdoors, masturbating on the bench away from anyone felt liberating. The film continued and I watched intently as the woman in this film stripped outdoors and then pissed by the side of a busy road. Fuck, that turned me on.
I started to really stroke my cock hard and then decided that I was going to put the phone on the bench so I could bend over and wank away.
Phone placed on the bench I checked to make sure I was still on my own and saw that there was no one in sight. Bending over the bench I was able to stand, with my legs spread, balls hanging free while I wanked and watched the film.
I remembered my water and took the bottle out of my bag and poured it over my head so that it cascaded down my body. Again it trickled off of my chest and down to my cock and balls. It felt amazing.
I wet my hand and then with one foot up on the bench I used the index finger of my wet hand to push it into my arse hole. It felt so good, sliding my finger in and out of my arse. It made my cock even harder.
Then I heard a twig crack and I quickly spun round. My throbbing cock was point skywards and stood behind me with her hand down her shorts was the lady I'd passed in the field. She looked startled. As startled as I was.
"Sorry, I saw you nude in the field and wondered what you were doing. I must admit that the sight of your cock made me feel horny so when I knew that you'd carried on I turned round and walked back. I've been watching you for a while. Hope you don't mind."
"Well, its a bit late if I mind isn't it?"
"Sorry. I'll go if you want."
"No, it's OK. I didn't think anyone would see me so I was happy to lay here in the sun and as I was feeling horny I decided that I wanted to play with myself."
"That's fine with me. Do you mind if I get naked with you?"
"Not at all. I guess I should introduce myself, I'm Pete."
"I'm Jennie, nice to meet you."
I watched as Jennie undid her walking boots and took them off. She was slim and attractive. She removed her shorts to reveal a pair of flowery undies. Then she unbuttoned her short. Her hair was blonde and cut into a bob, she smiled at me as she undressed. Underneath the short was a flowery bra. She removed her bra and then her pants and stood there naked.
I walked over to her and saw that her pussy had a thin strip of hair at the top. Her boobs weren't big, 34b or c at most but with nice nipples. As I stood in front of her she put her hand out and touched my hard cock.
"Oh my, that feels so good. Do you enjoy wanking in public?"
"Well, its hardly public is it. Until you arrived I was on my own, but since you've asked, yes I do enjoy wanking."
She giggled and then went and lay on the bench with her legs open. She pulled her pussy lips apart and smiled at me.
"Well, why don't you come and wank over me, instead of whatever you were watching on your phone."
I moved over to her and started to wank my cock near to her face. She licked her lips and started to rub her clit and move her hands over her pussy. I moved down the bench so I could watch her, my own live sex show.
She grabbed one of her boobs and squeezed it, moaning in pleasure.
"Oh yeah, that feels good, wank your cock you dirty bastard."
I stood there wanking my cock as she started to shove her fingers into her wet pussy. I could here how wet she was as her fingers squelched in and out of her gaping pussy.
I squeezed my balls and caught her looking at me.
"Don't stop, I want your hot cum over my tits and I'm sure you can deliver Pete."
She took her fingers from her pussy and put them into her mouth, tasting her own juices.
I continued wanking and again moved up the bench so that I could lean over her and kiss and suck her tits. She groaned and I wanked my cock nice and slow, making sure she could see everything I was doing. I ran a finger round the tip of my cock and covered it in pre-cum before sliding it into her mouth.
She reached out and squeezed my balls and I groaned as she touched me.
I wanted to fuck her but I wasn't sure if this was what she wanted.
"Do you want me to fuck you from behind?"
"Pete, I thought you'd never ask."
Jennie stood up and moved over to the end of the bench and I stood behind her. I slowly put my cock into her waiting pussy.
"Oh my god, how good does that feel. Now fuck me you bastard."
I gently rocked my hips backwards and forwards, pushing my cock with its bulging, swollen head in and out of her pussy. I could hear her tits slapping as I started to fuck her faster. My balls were banging on her arse cheeks as I pumped her pussy.
I never thought my nude adventures would lead to this but how wrong was I. I leant forward and grabbed one of her tits as it swung, caressing it and pulling at her nipple. She gasped as she felt my cock being pushed deep into her.
She pushed backwards so that she could feel more of my cock inside her. I pushed my cock into her harder and harder building up a rhythm that was teasing the tip of my cock and the insides of her pussy.
I could feel my balls twitching as I fucked Jennie, thrusting harder I then felt my cock twitch and I knew that jets of my hot cum were now being shot deep into her pussy.
She moaned and I felt wetness as she came on my cock. I pulled my cock out and she turned round. Dropping to her knees Jennie then took my cock in her mouth, tasting the mixture of her juices and my cum.
Having cleaned my cock she stood up and looked at me.
"Who would have thought bird watching would be this interesting."
"I know, who would have guessed it."
We sat for a while, chatting, naked on the bench. Then we got dressed and swapped phone numbers, this was one bird watcher I definitely wanted to see me wanking again.