The Model Life
The entry is the sequel to "Lo-Fi", which detailed my first foray into the world of being an Artist's Model.
Many years ago, in the Dog Days between leaving college and going up to University, I worked a lot of different jobs. I did anything and everything that would help pay down my not-insubstantial debt mountain. Most of those jobs involved serving behind a till or packing shelves although I found some fairly lucrative work as a personal tutor, helping students and learners who were struggling with their course work or where English was not their first language. However, perhaps my most unusual job was as a Life Model.
My twin sister, Sophie, got me the gig. She'd been making pin money by posing for a friend of the family, Amy. Amy ran a series of Adult Life Classes but also took on commissions, typically human figures finished in bronze. It was easy money by all accounts and seemed to suit Sophie's work-shy attitude. However, as was her habit, Sophie quickly became bored and soon wanted out.
At interview, Amy had stipulated that the job would last at least six months, maybe longer so she wasn't very happy when Sophie announced that she was heading for the exit after just a couple of weeks. Sophie suggested that I might be willing to step in at short notice and, out of options, Amy agreed to meet me.
Sophie and I are identical twins. We're physically the same in every detail. The only major difference between us in those days was our hair - her's was shoulder length and bleached blonde whereas mine was, and is, jet black and mannishly short.
At Sophie's request, I went along to meet Amy at her studio a couple of days later. A few years had passed since we'd last spoken but she was exactly as I remembered her. Tall, well built if a little on the chubby side, and with a lovely round, warm face. Matronly is the best word, I think. Amy asked me a lot of questions related to my previous experience with a special emphasis on reliability and dependability. Of course, she also asked how comfortable I was with taking my clothes off in front of an audience. I said that I'd modelled before, for Sophie, and enjoyed it. And I was more than thrilled when Sophie's compositions for the "Lo-Fi" project were exhibited at a local gallery and even more so when her photos of a very naked me ended up in the regional newspaper.
Amy asked if I was happy to try out a couple of poses right then and there. That was a little unexpected but I felt safe and comfortable, and Amy was an old friend and I trusted her. She showed me to a quiet corner of the studio, pointed to a chair and a model's robe and invited me to make myself comfortable. I saw no point whatsoever in feeling bashful or ashamed. I'm proud of my body. I've always kept myself ridiculously fit and still work out at least three or four times a week so what's there to be ashamed off?
Amy then invited me to show her what I had to offer in the way of poses. Alas, this is where my lack of experience as a model was plainly evident.
"Better if you tell me what you want," I said. I tried not to look too stupid but I didn't quite succeed.
"I have some pictures... " said Amy. "This is what we've been working on."
We had a look through Amy's portfolio and picked out a small collection of trial poses, and then went to work.
"As a start, I think you should just hop up on the bench here, and try to copy this pose as best you can," said Amy. "It's not at all comfortable but that's the point of the piece."
If you asked me to write down all of the weirdest, most surreal moments in my life, then this situation, this tableau, would surely be up there in the top three. I'm kneeling, chest down, face down, ass up, head resting on folded arms as Amy wanders about, left and right, back and forth, checking for angles and lines and possible problem areas.
"As far as I'm concerned," she said. "The job's yours, on the condition that you agree to work for at least three months, possibly four. How does that sound?"
"I'm in," I said. I had plenty of time on my hands. It was the end of May and my University course didn't start until late in September.
"You're sure?" said Amy. "You're not going to bail on me?"
I shook my head. "No, I'm good. I'll see this through to the end."
So, I signed up to the project and spent the next hour or so with my ass in the air and my tits resting on a brown canvas mat, and whilst this sounds like an erotic dream come true for some, it really wasn't.
From start to finish, that first sitting was, in the main, fairly relaxing although ultimately, posing for so long in the same awkward position proved murderous on my knees and my lower back. I knew, with a numbing certainty that I would suffer the following day. I wasn't wrong.
The sessions took place twice a week and lasted around three hours from start to finish, and amounted to little more than sitting motionless for thirty minutes at a stretch. I was a bit nervous at first but soon settled into a rhythm. I would cycle across at around five, eat and shower at Amy's and then sit for her until around nine. After that, I'd either take the bus home or my Mum would collect me, depending entirely upon the weather.
More than anything, the money was good. Actually, it was excellent. Triple what I'd earn packing shelves in the same amount of time.
Posing naked is a strange experience. After the initial panic, you quickly forget that you're not wearing clothes and your mind soon wanders off to the more mundane elements of life - shopping, food, sleep, academic goals, finding a mate. The whole experience becomes so ordinary you start to forget why you're there.
However, that's not the point of this writing.
I'd been working with Amy for about three weeks when she paused the session and said that it was time to try something else, something new.
"You're quite, quite different from your sister," she said. "Actually very different..."
"I would hope so," I replied. "She's..."
"Difficult..." said Amy, smiling.
I nodded. "Yeah... Difficult is one way of putting it..."
"Your temperaments are very different," said Amy. "For an artist, she seems very closed off. Not very open to new ideas. Hasn't really developed much. Maybe I'm being unfair on her."
"She never leaves the house" I said, slipping into my model's gown. (Modesty, you know...)
"Never switches the TV off, doesn't speak to anyone except my Mother and me..."
"Really? How odd..." whispered Amy.
With my back aching and my knees quietly begging for mercy, I had a wander around the workshop and...
... suddenly screamed as I came face-to-face with a large man, around six foot four and about four hundred pounds. Like a chubby version of Rasputin.
"Ah," said Amy. "This is Roger, my ... partner..."
"Partner?" said Roger. "Partner? Is that it? Just a 'partner'?"
Roger was physically enormous. A great wall of a man with a huge bushy beard, shoulder length hair, tiny wire-framed 'penny-eye' glasses and a belly that was almost as round in circumference as he was tall.
"Roger, this is Sarah..." said Amy, raising a quizzical eyebrow.
"Sarah?" said Roger offering his hand. "What happened to Sophie?"
"Sophie is my sister," I said. "I've taken over."
"Oh, well good," said Roger. "She was... err... "
"As I was just commenting," said Amy. "She was... Challenging, shall we say?"
"Yes, challenging... " said Roger. "Yes. That's the word."
"Roger isn't normally here," said Amy. "He's usually teaching his own class on a Wednesday evening."
Roger smiled. "I am, mostly. But this week is a half term," he said. "I've given them a break. So they can rest their weary souls."
"Roger teaches fine art," said Amy.
Roger turned to leave but paused in the doorway. "I just popped in," he said. "To tell you your Mother called."
"I'll her call back tonight or tomorrow morning," said Amy.
"Don't worry," said Roger as he turned and left. "I already told her you would..."
"I don't believe that for a minute," said Amy as soon as the coast was clear. "He only 'popped in' to see if you were... posing. Of that, I'm sure. Dirty old bastard."
I smiled. "He's a bloke," I said. "They're all the same."
"Also, I think he was checking up on you," said Amy. "I think he wants you to pose for some of his classes. How would that work?"
"It could, I guess," I said. "Depends if anyone recognises me, really."
"Oh, I suppose yeah," said Amy. "That might be a problem since most of his students are local or if not immediately local then certainly from this area. What do you think? It's more money than I can pay."
I thought about the proposition for a couple of seconds. "Yeah, okay," I said. "I'll do it..."
"That's good," said Amy, smiling. "I'll tell him you're up for it."
"Anyway, as I was saying before Roger barged in," continued Amy. "I want to try something else. I want to work on something different. Something more demanding. Figures, perhaps. Figures combined. Together. How would you feel about working with another model?"
Okay, time for an ugly pause.
"Male or Female?" I asked. "Not that it matters much. What matters is that they're clean and professional."
"I have one of my other models in mind," said Amy. "He's called Luke and occasionally poses for Roger's classes. He's very nice and thoroughly professional, too."
Ah, so now the pieces slipped gently into place. The penny dropped. This is why Sophie withdrew. Was it because she didn't want to work with another model? Or just this model? I started to wonder if 'Luke' is or was one of her friends or maybe an acquaintance from her University days.
"Are you interested?" said Amy.
"Let me think about it," I said. "It's a big step, being that close to someone you don't know, and for such a long time, too."
"Roger would be involved," said Amy. "He's not short of a bob or two. And from what he earns in commissions, I'm sure he'd be willing to pay more than the going rate. Good models are very hard to come by."
"Let me know how you feel about Luke," continued Amy. "He's a nice boy. Sensible, mature, good looking. You'll probably like him in an instant. He has that kind of personality."
I met Luke the following week and, Amy was spot on. I did like him in an instant. Exactly my kind of bloke. Tall, skinny, athletic, short blonde hair, a local accent but also very well spoken.
Of course, working with your ideal specimen of the human male in such circumstances brought with it some additional problems. Yeah, you're ahead of me.
First and foremost, he had an amazing body. Secondly, I was seriously into him, and vice versa. A gal knows this, right from the start. The magic was unmistakable. I just knew I'd found the kind of guy I could take home to meet Mummy and, once he'd had his fill of tea and crumpets and Victoria Sponge cake, I'd take him up to my room, lock the doors and then pound his manhood into the wee hours. I'm nice like that.
Of course, there was a fly in he proverbial ointment. Luke already had a girlfriend, Izzy, so he was, by and large, off limits.
So, here we go.
Luke and I had separate sections of the workshop to change out of our clothes. I'd bought a new dressing gown, acquired just for this gig - a retro Japanese design, black silk-like material with an intricate series of designs, mostly birds, up and down the sleeves and across the back. Luke didn't bother with any of that fluffery. No fake modesty for him. He just stood there in the raw until I finally emerged into the harsh daylight.
You want a description? Okay, here goes. Picture one of Da Vinci's male models only taller but just as well-muscled, with straight, light brown hair, blue eyes and a rugged, manly face. Oh, and yeah - he had a nice penis, too. Make that very nice. Not too big. Not too small. Just nice. The kind of penis you'd like to become more acquainted with on a warm, dark night under a canopy of screaming blue stars.
"Okay," said Amy. "Let's start with something simple."
Aware that Luke was silently staring, perhaps checking out the goodies, I lowered the robe and folded it neatly across the back of a chair, all the while trying to stay calm, trying to stay focussed and professional.
The first pose was simple. Easy, relaxed, back to back, skin to skin, arms folded, as if mutually disinterested. Amy shuttled about with a camera, a big DSLR thing that must have cost a small fortune, taking snaps, looking for angles and lines.
Second pose. Face to face, chests touching, lit from behind and photographed in profile. My tits were pressed up against Luke's chest. I could smell his scent, a rich, deep, manly aroma. I felt a little flustered. I was having fun but also nervous.
The next couple of poses were more intimate. We were asked to hold each other, our heads turned away, hands enmeshed. This was kinda difficult, I don't mind saying. I found it nigh on impossible to clear my head of the images that came, unbidden, to the forefront of my conscious mind. My pussy was getting moist. No use pretending that it wasn't. I was getting seriously wet down there and when I get seriously moist then I start to smell like sex. Unless I learned to focus then the problem wasn't going to disappear of its own accord.
Amy asked us to try another pose. I asked for a moment to settle myself, to sort out the thunderstorm that was going on in my undercarriage. I glanced across at Luke. His cock was... Soft. Flaccid. Utterly, utterly disinterested. I was shattered and crestfallen. Huh? I thought I was irresistible. My ego felt seriously bruised.
Okay, time to be more professional.
We went through a variety of poses before Amy settled on one she liked. We were both upright and on our knees with Luke behind me, my arms above my head, eyes shut but gazing up towards the heavens. I managed to hold the position for around ten minutes before it became uncomfortable and then really uncomfortable.
By mutual agreement, we took a break. The atmosphere was friendly, polite, cordial but still Luke seemed almost oblivious to my presence. I could have been invisible but, from the professional point of view, we had to remain dispassionate and disinterested. It's just bodies. Flesh. Skin and bone. There's no energy there. No connection. No relationship. I found that hard to deal with.
There was s a knock on the door. Predictably, it was Roger, come to get his fix of bare bodies.
"Enter..." shouted Amy without pausing for breath.
"Ah, good," said Roger, trying not to stare. "I need to talk to you two..."
Roger paused and did something of a double-take. He seemed unable take his eyes off me. At last, I thought. Finally we have a man who actually acknowledges that I'm here.
"My classes resume tomorrow," he continued his voice breaking slightly. "And, as ever, my models have dropped out and I'm having problems locating replacements. Are you two available? Short notice, I know but..."
Luke nodded. "Yeah, I am. When and where?"
"Great!" said Roger, elated. "Same time, same place, same duration."
"Fee?" asked Luke.
Roger smiled. "Whatever she pays you," he said pointing at Amy. "Then multiply it by three."
Luke smiled.
"What about you, Sarah?" he asked. "Are you up for it?"
I nodded because I had dollar signs in front of my eyes. Big, green, throbbing dollar signs. I threw caution to the wind and agreed. "Yeah, I think so."
"The pay is the same as Luke's, and triple what my good wife will reluctantly part with..." said Roger, grinning from ear to ear.
"Cheeky git," said Amy.
It was my turn to smile. This was a significant amount and certainly more than the standard agency rates.
I turned up the next day about thirty minutes earlier than planned. Luke was already on site and we helped to prepare the room. We put out twenty chairs. Roger assured us that we wouldn't need more than ten but, in the end, we needed two more.
The learners arrived in twos and threes at around seven pm. They were mostly couples, some pushing seventy plus years although there were a few millennials and one girl about my age. Turned out that she was Luke's girlfriend, Izzy.
Awww... Shame...
Luke leaned over and whispered in my ear. Apparently, this wasn't Roger's usual art class, the so-called Charity class. This was his own class, here by invitation-only. These would-be artists were essentially paying a lot more for private tuition and for better, more aesthetic models. Hence, the fees, and why we were being paid more.
"What do you mean, 'better and more aesthetic models'?" I asked.
"You ought to see some of the nasties the agency has sent along in the last year," said Luke. "They're really scraping the bottom of the barrel..."
I thought his remarks were a little nasty. Unkind. Uncalled for. So it goes, I guess. People are people.
Roger's first session started and this was like no other session I've ever seen or visited or, indeed, participated in.
Roger invited us to replicate a position based upon the sculpture,'Fallen Angel' by Waldo T. Story, which dates from 1889 and presently resides in the Laing Art Gallery in Newcastle. The study had formed a major component of the group's homework assignment wherein the class had been invited to visit the gallery and study the sculpture for themselves. [The sculpture is in the Cafe for those interested...]
Anyway, with Luke and I in position, the class was invited to form a circle around the main stage.
Roger began by working his way through the class's sketches, one by one, noting their individual strengths and weaknesses.
Then came the unusual stuff.
Roger began. "Now, I note that many of you appear to have a problem depicting the relationship between the hips and the shoulders."
Roger moved around to my shoulders, and pressed gently down upon my clavicles. "To make your work convincing, you should note the relationship between the costal arch here, and the arching of the back, here. There is also the relationship between the ovoid mass of the thoracic cage and the ovoidal mass of the pelvis..."
"They are, skeletally speaking, only connected by the lumbar vertebrae. That said, the contribution of the muscle is, nonetheless significant. The connection with only the lumbar vertebrae is what makes the difference."
"I also note," said Roger. "...that we have one or two prudes in the class, do we not?"
The class laughed.
"Do you have any idea as to what I am alluding to?"
Silence.
"You will observe that Story's sculpture, as displayed, features the female genital regions, specifically the outer labia or vulva, although I would further note that they are not stressed and no emphasis is placed upon them. They are merely there."
Roger pointed at my hoo-ha with a long, thin pencil.
"I note that one or two of you elected not to include those features in your final rendering."
"It seemed rude," said one of the ladies.
"It may well seem rude but rudeness is subjective and what is rude to you may not be rude to me, and what is rude to me may seem utterly trivial and incomprehensible to you. What matters most is that we are honest and truthful about our work. We should always aim to present the truth. Interpretation is best left to those with neither the skill nor the patience to learn proper technique."
A loud "Sssssss.... " spilled out onto the floor from Amy's quarters, followed by "Bloody cheek..."
"Another region worthy of further consideration and some exploration in terms of feel, is the median line between the sternum and the umbilicus, along the line of the linear alba. These extended positions are greatly favoured because of the opportunities they afford for study."
Unusual that I remember the words with such clarity, eh? I'd never heard a body referred to in such anatomical terms before. I was so curious that I wrote as many of the terms down as I could remember and looked them up in a copy of Grey's anatomy as soon as I got home. (My mother is a Doctor so she helped me with the proper terminology and the spelling...)
The class finished promptly at nine and the guests departed without much fuss. Roger handed out the pay packets and I left to meet my mother, who was parked at the front.
"How much did you make?" asked Mum.
"Sixty five," I replied. "Not bad for one night."
"That's better than twenty five quid an hour," she continued. "Almost as much as I earn."
"True," I said. "But you get to keep your clothes on..."
Luke and I were back with Amy the following Tuesday and then Roger on the Wednesday. Combined, I was walking away with four times as much as I could have earned working for minimum wage. I was starting to feel a little more positive about my appalling debt situation.
Alas, when I got home, life was not that simple. Sophie kicked off, demanding that she deserved something from my pay packet as a finder's fee. I thought that this was ludicrous and the end result was a fight that seriously soured the mood for days, if not weeks.
But, still, I continued to work as a Life Model for the next four months, all the while earning enough to pay down my tuition fees and give my mother something as board and lodging. Aside from the Sophie situation, life was pretty sweet.
Until...
I arrived at Roger's penultimate class around an hour before show time and, as ever, helped to set up the room. Overall, I felt that the course had gone well and I'd even started to contemplate joining as an actual participant instead of the so-called the 'meat stock'.
Alas, there was a small amount of friction at the far end of the room. Roger and Luke were engaged in a fairly heated exchange - I didn't know what their discussion involved but they did not seem particularly happy with each other. I later discovered that the root cause of their disagreement was the promised bonus. A few of the learners had dropped out for reasons of their own. Consequently, Roger had decided to reduce our bonus fee, which Luke didn't think was at all fair. Indeed, the argument continued whilst we should have been preparing for the class and Luke was missing when I emerged from the dusty confines at the back of the room. Alone and isolated, I began to feel rather uncomfortable.
Roger went to the head of the class and, as usual, began the lesson with a review of the week's submissions. One or two of those pencil sketches were amongst the finest pieces of work I've ever seen and I was genuinely impressed. Stunned even. Alas, there was no sign of Luke as Roger concluded his review, and I began to wonder if Luke had simply walked off site.
Eventually, Luke arrived at the back of the class looking somewhat flustered but also nursing his lower regions.
Roger managed to bring the subject back to last week's pose, which had Luke and I in a seated position at opposite ends of the display stage.
"The prominence of the clavicle coupled to the curve of the vertebrae combined with the relaxation of the abdominal muscles...."
I lost concentration at this point because Luke had hopped up on the plinth next to me and was, fairy obviously, sporting something of an erection. Okay, this happens. I felt a couple of twitches from his crotch during the last sitting but otherwise he'd kept his cock very much to himself, all credit to him.
"The flexion is greater," continued Roger. "And the fascia lata runs transversally to the medial plane of the flank before it disappears."
Roger continued. "Without want to single anyone out - I thought all of the submissions were superb - but Ellen, your's was very good. Mark, your's too. Edward, excellent work."
"Now, to tonight's work," he said.
Roger turned to me, "If you can, Sarah, can you sit along the stage, face down, legs slightly drawn upwards, maybe turned slightly? Luke, can you get in place behind Sarah. I'm aiming for a cross between the Fallen Angel piece we did at the start of the course and something more original."
I managed to get myself into the right position after a few attempts but Luke? He was having a hard time back there.
Soon enough, well... We all know what happens next...
There was a reason why Luke never seemed interested, never reacted, was never, ever even vaguely aroused at my naked form lying next to him. It's because he'd been in the habit of retiring to the toilet and cracking one off prior to every session, and occasionally midsession too. Yes, a quick wank to keep his dick in order. At a guess, I'd suggest that his earlier prolonged discussion with Roger had severely limited the time available to Bash the Bishop.
So... Now we had a problem.
Poor guy. There he was, lying behind me, skin to skin, when he started too feel ever so slightly interested.
More than interested, actually. I could feel it, a dick poking up the crack of my ass. Quite a big one, too.
"Oh..." I whispered. "Are we okay?"
"We're good," said Luke. "Just don't start fidgeting and we'll get through this."
And, even though I sat as still as a rock, I could still feel his prick pulsing and moving against my ass.
I started to smile.
Fatal, I know, but I started to... giggle... for want of a better word.
"I can ask for a toilet break," I said. "Would that help?"
"I don't think so..." he replied. "I'll be okay. It'll subside in about ten minutes."
Alas, it didn't and, worse, I could feel the tip rubbing against my butt hole, which was getting sticky and very wet, a not altogether unpleasant experience.
The clock positively crawled around towards eight and our scheduled break. With the class dispersed, Luke would be free to solve his little problem. Alas, for reasons best suited to Roger, maybe it had something to do with it being the penultimate class in the series or maybe because he sensed Luke's predicament, the clock continued to crawl well past eight and approaching eight-twenty when Roger finally suggested that it was time to change... to an entirely new position.
"Fuck..." whispered Luke.
Worse still, Roger had copied a position Luke and I had worked on with Amy, perhaps at Amy's recommendation. I was asked to perch myself upon my knees, legs parted slightly, arms up-stretched and supported by Luke, who was behind me, taking the greater bulk of my weight. He was leaning over my shoulder, one arm holding my elbow aloft, the other cradling my neck and, all the while, his cock was jammed tight between his thighs. He must have been desperately uncomfortable.
Now, let's be frank. This position was intimate to the point of being pornographic because it's bloody obvious what was happening. It's a prelude to rear entry, to being taken from behind.
At this point, I was in some considerable discomfort. The position itself was difficult because it's harsh on the knees and strains the back. Worse, I was in the same position for two hours the previous night and still carrying the muscle pain from that experience.
But this was small beer compared to my next problem.
You see, Luke's prick was lodged at the base of my spine. Imagine someone sticking a broom handle down the back of your pants. "But at least the punters can't see it," I told myself. "Or can they?" One of the so-called 'Game Old Birds', a lady who would sit close to the exit so she could visit the powder room without anyone noticing - she certainly seemed to have noticed. She kept looking over specifically at that region and smiling.
"I know," said Luke. "I'll move it further down..."
And that's what he did. His major league boner was now down the middle of my arse crack and resting between my legs. Worse, it was pretty much up against my vulva albeit pointing in the wrong direction. I didn't think I was about to get publicly impaled but it was still a major concern. And I wasn't on the pill either. So this wasn't at all risky, was it?
"You need to move that," I whispered. "Properly this time."
"I can't," said Luke. "It's stuck."
"Luke, baby!" I whispered. "You're very nearly inside me..."
Izzy, who had stationed herself in the front row for the duration, looked up and frowned. How she put up with this situation remains a mystery.
"Right, last pose," announced Roger even though we're pushing past eight forty-five and half the class has already gone home.
The idea Roger wanted to explore had me on my side, looking over my shoulder, lovingly, as Luke sat behind me, his hips pressed against my rump. Arms held aloft, he was in full-on Greek God mode (and loving every minute of it, too). However, it was his dick which was the problem. It was hard again or if not hard then more than slightly stiff, and pointing right at my butt hole. I could feel the tip rubbing up against the bridge between my ass and my pussy, and I knew that this was so, so wrong on every level.
But, Lord it felt gorgeous. Really, really gorgeous.
Because I was horny.
Yeah, Luke had seriously pushed my buttons and a girl like me can only hold out for so long.
Did I mention that I was also dripping wet? Seriously, it was like a duck pond down there. At an appropriate moment, I reached around behind me and had a quick feel. My fingers came back all wet and sticky, and I remember thinking "This will end badly...".
I tried to remain professional, to clear my mind, to think of anything else but sex. And then I remembered the last time I enjoyed a good fuck. I mean a really good fuck. A legs-in-the-air 'knee-trembler'.
A long, long time ago. Too long in fact.
Amy was scuttling around with a camera taking photographs. There were five other students, all watching intently. Izzy was still hanging in there, dead centre, occasionally staring up at us. I did start to wonder if she was actually getting off on the vision in front of her. Maybe she was. She didn't seem all that unhappy.
This was torment. It really was. Eight inches of man meat, up close and personal. I could feel the pressure building on my pussy lips. I was thoroughly wet an hour ago. Now my pussy was just a mess. I smell of sex. Actually, I reek of sex.
I was starting to sweat, little beads forming on my forehead, on my chest and on the small of my back. I could feel my pussy starting to pulse. I could feel something deep inside starting to build, like an orgasm rising to the surface.
My hips ached. My shoulders ached. Something was about to yield.
And then it yielded.
He slipped.
And fuck...
Yeah.
I had a cock inside me. And it wasn't a small cock either.
How far? Far enough.
My face contorted into a startled grimace, and I felt a little outside of myself, as if looking on but from a different vantage point, slightly stage left. The situation was surreal, cloudy, as if happening to someone else. This was wrong, so very, very wrong but, at the same time, I was rocking the dick buried within me and whilst it wasn't moving, I could feel my pussy stretching to accommodate the length and width of this interloper.
A minute passed.
Then two.
Then three.
I gasped.
And I still had a huge cock inside me. I could feel it, pulsing, like he was about to come. I could feel his balls pressed up against my ass. I could the filthy dirty animal sweat forming a thin lubricating film between us.
And it felt amazing.
I opened an eye and looked around.
Izzy was busy sketching and hadn't noticed. Roger was at the back of the class, watching his tutees patiently but similarly hadn't noticed. Amy was behind us, taking snaps. She seemed utterly oblivious.
Luke and I were fucking in public, and not a soul had twigged on.
Bucket list time.
Fucking in public. Tick.
Fucking in full view of a group of people. Tick.
I could feel Luke moving ever so slightly behind me.
"Just leave it there," I said in a whisper.
"I can't," he said, wheezing.
Amy, camera in hand, had resumed her usual hovering. She moved around the back of the stage, clicking constantly and then paused, her mouth wide open. I looked over at her, my guilt writ large across my face, and I smiled.
Amy went directly to the back of the class and whispered in Roger's ear. The expression on Roger's face shifted in an instant. My lipreading is reasonably reliable. "Oh... right..." he whispered.
"Okay, folks!" shouted Roger. "It's time to vacate the building. Otherwise we'll still be here at midnight."
I thought about reaching for my robe, carefully placed at the left of the stage and with arm's reach, but decided to stay put. I didn't dare move.
The room began to clear. Those remaining packed up their boards and their pencils and whatever else they had managed to drag along, and then made their way to the back of the room and the exit door. Cheery farewells and handshakes flooded the room. Everyone was happy.
Even Izzy.
Luke and I were alone.
As soon as the coast was clear, when we could hear Roger and Amy outside saying their farewells, Luke started to fuck me, first with a series of slow rhythmic movements and then faster. Did I object? No, I did not. Because...
I didn't need a reason, did I?
No, because this was amazing.
And then he came.
Inside me.
Fuck.
I stayed firm, didn't move a muscle, held my ground. His cock shrank back to its quiescent state within seconds as a puddle of milky white jizz spilled out of my pussy and dripped onto the velvet throw beneath us.
I grabbed my gown and jumped down off the pedestal as Amy re-entered the class. I made my way as fast as I could to the changing area and was dressed before Roger had even locked the place up. Outside, I could hear my mother's car horn beeping impatiently.
Amy tried to stop me but I excused myself. "Sorry," I said. "But Mum's getting itchy. She's missing The Bill."
"She's missed it," said Amy, glancing down at her watch. However, I was gone before the echo had even faded.
Luke messaged me once or twice over the course of the next week and I replied but ignored his requests that we should meet to discuss what had happened. Later, I texted him back and said that there was nothing to discuss.
Tuesday rolled around and I arrived at Amy's workshop precisely on-time. Luke didn't. He didn't show all night but phoned later to say he'd been held up at work.
I undressed and slipped into my robe, and then made my way to the workshop.
Amy was smiling. "You know..." she said. "You two..."
"What?", I said, slightly astonished.
"You two... cavorting like that," she said. "In front of the whole class, too."
"You noticed?" I whispered.
"Surprised nobody else did," said Amy. "Especially Izzy, right there up front."
"Well, it won't happen again," I said.
Amy laughed. "A shame," said Amy. "It made my night and, I suspect, would have livened up the class no end. They're a bunch of boring old duffers, that lot."
"They're just quiet," I said. "Focussed. Driven."
"Boring more like..." said Amy. "And, besides, up until your impromptu display, I'd never seen two people actually... you know... doing it."
"Fucking?"
"Well, yes," said Amy. "Fucking... since you put it that way..."
"And?"
"And? And I found it rather arousing, frankly. Something rather dirty. Something rather primal about the act. Out there in public. Not that any of them noticed."
"What's the name of that old dear who sits next to the toilet every week?" I asked.
Amy thought for a second. "You know, I have no idea. She's one of Roger's students. He'll know."
"It's not massively important," I said. "Just... she saw us. She smiled and carried on watching. I think she secretly wanted to see more."
"Don't we all, M'dear," said Amy. "It's been years since... "
"Since you had sex?"
Amy laughed. "Is it that obvious?"
I nodded.
"Well, it is," said Amy. "It's been years since... Roger... Let's just say it's been ten years since he last saw his own cock without a mirror."
Okay, my turn to laugh out loud. Which I did.
"And he's not particularly well endowed either," continued Amy. "Does little more than tickle the bits and that's it. Not like Luke."
My mouth fell open.
"I'll tell you something, Sarah," said Amy, laughing like an idiot. "I seriously would not mind finding myself impaled on the end of his prick. I really wouldn't. I don't care if I'm old enough to be his Granny. What I wouldn't do for one last fuck? Just one last titanic seeing-to. I don't care if Roger finds out or not. I really don't. Spread me open and spit roast me like the leg of Mutton I am."
Oh Lordy!" I thought. "Whatever next?"
Well, after that exchange, we got down to work on some the older poses we'd worked on before Luke entered the equation and, before I knew it, the session was at an end.
"Bring on Wednesday," I thought as I walked over to my Mum's car, which was parked opposite their driveway.
I'd been running late all day. Nothing wanted to run smoothly or on time. Nothing. Fitting then, that I should arrive at Roger's final session five minutes after the official start. This is not my way at all. I'm normally very, very punctual.
I made my apologies, prepared myself and sat at the side of the stage next to Luke as Roger went through the Homework from the previous session at the back of the class.
"I wouldn't mind joining this class next term," I whispered.
Luke smiled. "Are you sure you could afford it? I mean, these people pay a fortune just for the pleasure."
"True," I said.
"And that tight-fisted old miser doesn't give discounts. It's all about the money for him."
"You haven't returned my calls," continued Luke.
"I know. I wasn't sure what to say, or do."
"I wanted to talk..."
"About?"
"What happened..."
I smiled. "Yeah, well. Does Izzy know?"
"No, she doesn't," said Luke.
"Would she mind?"
"Oh, yes," said Luke. "Most definitely yes..."
"Shame, because it was... fun..." I whispered.
Luke did a bit of a double take. "Huh? Really?"
"Yeah," I said. "Just about the most intense experience I'd ever had. But..."
"But?"
"But... nothing... We'll see..."
Luke and I were thoroughly settled by the time Roger invited us to step up to the plate. He began with some easy poses and they worked well although I quickly became aware that there was a bit of an atmosphere in the room. Well, 'the room' is a broad term. No, the lousy atmosphere seemed to be centred on the front row and on Izzy in particular. Maybe she did suspect something after all.
The first forty five minutes went by reasonably quickly and the class seemed both happy and contented. Maybe they too were relieved it was the final session? What about Luke? Well, he was cool, calm and completely professional, just as you'd expect. Nothing inappropriate was said. Indeed, he was the very model of a complete gentleman. Critically, his cock behaved itself perfectly. Maybe he'd been for a quick ham shank before kick off? Lucky Luke.
A break followed at the usual time. Luke and I went off to relax but didn't speak at all. Maybe he was avoiding me. I don't really blame him.
We began the second session shortly after eight. Forty five minutes and we were done. I'd been having second thoughts about coming back as a model. The money was good but I found the situation stressful. Deeply stressful. Eight weeks had gone by and I'd spent most of that time worrying that someone, somewhere would recognise me, perhaps sneak a photograph of the Former Rock Star Chick fallen on hard times. Sometimes, when you're in that Rock Star frame of mind, you forget how few people actually give a rat's ass. We were, for a time, big in Japan and Korea. Germany loved us for a weekend. Anywhere else? Forget it. The original one-hit wonders.
To begin, Roger took us back to the same pose that caused us so many problems last week. I didn't want to do it. Didn't feel at all comfortable. That said, my eyes were focussed intensely on the clock as the hands crept ever closer to nine, which meant I had my freedom and a nice bonus cheque for staying the course.
However, that's when the problems began. Again, you're ahead of me.
We'd been sitting in silence for around ten minutes when I felt that same familiar sensation pressing up against the small of my back.
"Do you have a problem?" I whispered.
"It's fine," said Luke as softly as he could. "It'll go of its own accord."
And his erection did subside but only for a matter of minutes and, it wasn't long before I could feel that constant throb, throb, throb up against my buttocks.
When it came to the very last pose, I heaved a sigh of relief even though we were back on familiar ground. Luke's cock, once again, found itself up against the back of my thighs.
And the position is... well... I'd promised myself that I'd stay focussed and professional, and not allow my loins to interfere.
Guess I was wrong.
Very wrong.
Yeah, here we are again. There's a penis pressing up against my pussy.
And I'm horny. Very horny. This encounter has been on my mind all week and, whether I like it or not, my ovaries have decided that this male will produce an excellent set of children.
I opened my eyes and looked around and all I could see was a sea of heads bowed, as if in some form of adulation. Little wonder than Luke wore the mantle of a deity so well. Everyone in the room had their eyes down, focussed intently on their eager scribblings.
That's when I decided to go for it.
"Who's going to notice?" was at the back of my reasoning.
"What of the consequences? What if Izzy notices? Will izzy even care?"
Roger coughed loudly and announced that there was fifteen minutes left until we wrapped up and that they should finalise our work, if that were possible. He then began to move about the room, commenting briefly, adding the occasional word of encouragement, a stronger line, a more nuanced approach to shading, that sort of thing. When he paused beside one particular student, all eyes turned away from us and towards the back of the class.
I took my chance and reached behind me. I took hold of Luke's cock and pressed it hard against my vulva. The tip entered me immediately but not by much. Luke did the rest and, for the second time in as many weeks, I found myself being fucked in public.
Not that anyone had noticed. Even Izzy, who was, as ever, centre stage, had noticed any change in our stance. And yet Luke had managed to work every single inch of his manhood inside me and I could feel the vague pulsing of his cock as it filled me completely.
I was sweating profusely, a layer of moisture resting above my lip, a pattern of beads forming about my forehead and temples. That's when Luke started to grind into me. I lowered my head, as if stiff from cramp and the grinding continued. The feeling was... utterly delirious.
I felt his spasm. I felt his back arch, his balls twitch and his cock pulse once again. Then twice. Then three times. He let out a gentle sigh and then flopped gently back into his resting position.
Roger looked across.
Sensing his gaze, Luke mouthed the word "Cramp..." and Roger seemed satisfied.
I just knew he'd inseminated me. And it felt glorious. Utterly glorious.
The clock moved slowly around to nine and then nine fifteen and then nine twenty. At nine thirty, Roger called time. A few of the older members stayed behind to help with the chairs and the tables, and Amy asked if we could stick around a little longer so that she could capture a dozen or so reference shots for her album. Luke and I agreed because, finally, the pressure was off. We could relax.
We went through the final poses, including the difficult position that we'd spent the evening trying to avoid, as Amy snapped away. Roger was at the back of the class, talking to a number of his older students and Izzy was elsewhere, probably cleaning up the kitchen space.
Izzy entered and said that she was popping out to bring the car around to the back of the house because it was badly parked and too far away from the door to carry all of her stuff.
Roger disappeared, probably to help Izzy. Amy stayed behind.
Luke hopped off the table and went directly to the back of the class to grab his clothes. I followed suit pausing momentarily to let the blood flow back into my calves, which were locked solid and cramping. I grabbed my robe and then reached for a packet of tissues. I took one out and, without really thinking, pushed it up between my legs to stop a puddle of spunk spilling out of me.
"Oh! My God! Oh! My! God!" shouted Izzy. "I knew it..."
Luke stood up, startled, and then stumbled in the half dark, whilst looking for his jeans.
Izzy ran at Luke. "You bastard!" I heard her shouting. "You bastard! You fucking bastard!"
Izzy flew at Luke like a woman possessed, her arms waving, her fists flailing. She landed a couple of blows on Luke's chest and his neck but Luke remained still, impervious. Then, strangely, Izzy turned to run and neglected the fact that the door behind her had been locked tight shut. Izzy hit the door and then the floor with a resounding thud. The door remained impassive, as doors do.
Roger heard the commotion and came running, with Amy at his heels. Amy stooped to examine the prone form of Izzy, who was lying in the doorway, barely conscious.
After that, I ran towards the back of the class where I grabbed the rest of my clothes and then tried to think of a place of safety and sanctuary. And all the while, a steady stream of jizz trickled down my thighs.
I was fully dressed when Roger appeared in the door way. He knocked politely and waited before entering.
"Can you tell me what the hell happened?" he says. "But, first and foremost, are you okay?"
"Yeah, I'm fine," I replied. "We had an incident."
"Is Luke okay?" asked Roger.
"I don't know," I said. "But I think Izzy has smacked her head pretty hard."
"Izzy is fine," said Roger. "She just got a shock. But why is she so upset?"
"She thinks something happened," I replied. "She thinks we were.. "
"Fucking?" said Roger. "Were you?"
"No, not at all..." I said, plainly lying.
Again, I lied.
Roger paused, his expression blank and emotionless. I could tell he didn't believe me.
"This is yours," he said, handing me a sealed brown envelope. "Plus a bonus for sticking with the course. I'd like to see you back again next term, if that's okay. Amy would like to talk to you about some additional work, too."
I'm all in favour of additional work. I agreed, readily.
Roger departed as I gathered my stuff and headed for the rear door. It was locked. I turned and came face to face with Luke. I wasn't exactly thrilled to see him.
"Hey," he said. "You couldn't give me a lift back to my digs, could you?"
"Why?" I asked.
"My lift has gone without me," he said, smiling.
"Well, my Mum gives me a lift back and she's already out front so we can at least drop you part of the way," I replied. "Do you have anywhere to sleep tonight?"
"Oh, yeah," said Luke. "I have my own place. Izzy has gone to her sister's house."
"Will she be back?"
Luke smiles. "I doubt it," he said. "Would you?"
Point taken, I guess.
Luke and I piled into my Mum's car and Mum dropped him off at the bottom of his road, which was only a couple of miles out of our way.
Luke called me a couple of days later. He asked if we could meet somewhere in town and I went along. I wasn't expecting much but I came away pleasantly surprised. He was a nice bloke after all. Quite mature. And, of course, there was the very obvious physical attraction too. We started dating and, soon enough, became an established couple. Izzy was history.
Luke and I were together for what remained of the summer months but agreed to go our separate ways when Luke went back to University. I don't like long-distance romances. Never have. Never will.
Izzy? I saw her once, in Tesco's. She was on her own but looked happy. We didn't speak.
A few months went by and Amy got in touch. Then Roger. Both had work for me as a model. I asked who if I'd be working alone or with another model.
"I have another model in mind," said Roger. "I think you'll like her."
"Her?" I thought. "That sounds intriguing..."
And it was.
The start of another adventure.