Golden Lust Ch.13
-------------------------------------
Nnnnnnn... God. Where am I now? What the hell happened? Laying flat on my back, and staring up at the ceiling of Ms Tasha's van, my memories of what transpired before, suddenly start to rush back to me. Anastasia & Tammy had just had their way with me. They both rode on my face in front of EVERYBODY. They both had came right in my mouth, and they even licked my cock together, working me over until I passed out. What the hell...
Did that really just happen? Did I just make it, with a JUNIOR and a SENIOR at the same time? Lol wow... I just can't believe it. God my mouth feels all sticky though.
The rumbling of the engine motor, and the warm carpeted floor of Ms Tasha's clean vehicle, feel very soothing together at the same time. My breathing becomes normal again, along with my fully awakened consciousness. I suddenly realize the powerful scent that is echoing on my breath. There's no mistaking it. It's the smell of a girl's pussy... no two of them together, along with the aroma of their ass on my breath.
I smell the mixed up scent again, catching just how POWERFUL and deep it is in my mouth. I instantly go to cover it up, causing an eruption of laughter, unified loudly throughout the entire vehicle. My dick can't help but twitch for a hot second. All of the girls are enjoyed, seeing what I had just did. It's embarassing... but I gotta admit to myself, I kinda liked it too. Having two older students use my mouth like that was just... it was amazing, and the mixed up taste of both of them is incredible.
"Ahhhh... You have awaken Young Prince. Did you sleep well? My pussy is still warm, because of what you have done to me."
I hear spoken down, in a haunting yet alluring voice. It is then I see Anastasia's face come into my vision. Peering down at me, her smile is as attractive as ever. The alluring Senior-Year student coyly looks, with her piercing icy blue eyes. This young woman is truly beautiful I can't help but think to myself. Her smile is telling me, she's still quite satisfied with my performance. She just used my mouth and lips to cum all over, just moments ago here on the floor. The glance she's shooting down towards me, is telling me (Good Boy), along with her expressions.
"Mmmmm... And how is my favorite naughty student feeling? Are you feeling better now Danny? I can't believe you actually ATE these two innocent girls out, in MY van while the rest of us had to watch."
I hear another voice say. It is then Ms Tasha's face pops in, and peers down at me as well, glancing towards me her own wicked smile. Ms Tasha's enormous breasts almost COMPLETELY covers my entire vision at first. I can't help but smile this time, still keeping my mouth/breath covered with my hand. Seeing my own teacher's huge breasts bounce around in front me, I can't help but think of all the times I've played with them, and even got the chance, to suck on them a little bit. God, what a magnificent woman she really is...
My eyes go towards my side, as I can't help but remember, all the bad things WE did in me & Samantha's apartment, not too long ago. I had my own teacher's ass and pussy in my mouth as well. God it tastes incredible. Who knew an older woman's pussy and ass hole, could taste so God damned GOOD. To think I have eaten out my own teacher, AND her younger sister together (whom we share classes with) in the lecture hall at school, that very same day. I can't help but start to blush a little, as I smile... It is embarassing some of the things her and I have done, but I can't help it. It's like... even though it IS a bit nasty, it's my DUTY. I have to serve my beautiful teacher's pussy. Any drop of her cum that leaks out, it is my absolute RESPONSIBILITY to clean it up. And I will...
"You little goof... you're horrible! It was like you NEVER wanted to wake up. You never passed out, while having your face between MY legs. I'm definitely gonna have to punish you for that. Making me wait for so long... Maybe I'll just sit on your face, or keep your face between my legs, when I sit on the toilet to piss again. Hmmmm?"
I hear my big sisters voice then pop in.My face begins to go red, while suddenly Samantha's face appears over me smiling. Her OWN large proportioned breasts appear, and disappear out of my sight. My eyes can't help, but widen quickly at the sight. The way they just bounced, and hearing what she had just said IN FRONT OF EVERYONE, it was enough to shock me into giving her my FULL attention. Wait! I shouldn't be thinking about those... I shouldn't be thinking about my big sister's tits. Her gorgeous smile hints at those mischevous words, actually being serious. What is she planning NOW?
I can't even help but glance at her big titties again, as they bounced right in front of my face once more. Not as much as Ms Tasha's, but Samantha DEFINITELY has a hella nice pair on her as well. Fuck... why do I keep thinking about my big sister's rack?
"Were you just looking at my TITS Danny? I am your SISTER! You can't be looking at these unless... these are what you really like. I would've let you suck on them if you wanted, while we were together at the sorority house. But it seemed, you prefered your tongue to be inside my ass hole... "
Samantha says. Trying to act startled and appauled, as she then begins swishing her tits side-to-side right in front my eyes, causing all of the girls in the van to erupt loudly, laughing hard towards me again. My hand drops down, and my mouth begins to hang open a bit, as all of the girls continue to laugh & cheer. I can't but help but focus on Samantha's big titties. They're just too beautiful... My hands start to rise up, almost instinctively on their own. I want to... I want to FEEL my big sister's tits. Right here. Right now. Right in front of everybody. I want to taste them. But Samantha yanks her tits away from me, giving an audible gasp. Pretending to be innocent, and covering them up with both of her hands.
"Danny! Your breath really stinks! What HAVE you been eating young man?"
She says. Shocked, I QUICKLY cover my mouth back up, not letting the smell of Tammy & Anastasia, emit out from my breath, for any of the other girls inside the van to smell.
"Fuck!" I think to myself. Almost getting completely caught up, in looking at my big sister's breasts. I feel my dick twitch for a second. I can't believe my own big sister's tits, turned me on right in front of EVERYONE. I wanted to touch them. Maybe suck on them just a little, if Samantha would've let me. With her permission, I woud've gladly gently pulled her tits right out of her bra, and caress and suck on them both, right here in front of the rest of the girls. I woud've certaintly tried to make her feel good. I wonder if Samantha would let me, if I begged her a little...
Wait... no! Fuck. I almost embarassed myself even futher. On top of everything I've did in Ms Tasha's van, I can't be lusting like mad, over my own big sister's titties... even if they are BIG.
"I am glad you are with us again my Prince. I watched over you, the entire time you rested. I was worried, but I stayed here by your side the entire time. I really love watching you sleep..."
Victoria says, as she then peers over me, with her own icy blue eyes. Completely identical to her older sister's. Staring down at me intently, as she then moves one of her hands down onto my chest.
The expression on her face, is unreadable as usual. Looking up at her, I just can't read her expression at all. Strange... was she really worried about me or something? I mean... I was just laying here, passed out the entire time. After her big sister & Tammy used my services, to make them both cum over my mouth. All I did was lay here, passed out in the center of the van right?
Victoria's hand is really warm. It is placed directly on the top of my chest. She... DID say that she really loved me recently right? Damn... I don't know what to even say to her. How do I respond to that? She's putting her hand right over my heart. Why do I... feel this sort of ENERGY from Victoria's touches? What emotion is this? Am I... am I really starting to catch FEELINGS for this alluring young Goth? I look up directly at her. Those blue eyes. Those... icy blue eyes of hers, never leaving me for a second. I almost feel numb, yet warmed by her touch and her presence, at the exact same time.
I'm almost become lost in this moment. Time feels like it's frozen, as this is happening. She keeps peering down on me. I almost start to feel a temptation welling up inside of me, and I want to ask Victoria something, right in front of all the girls. I want to... ask her out on a date or something. I want to see, if she'd really like to be my girlfriend, right here in front of everyone if she'd like to. Before I foolishly open my mouth, I hear another voice chime in.
"Stop LYING you nasty Goth! You were right in your seat the entire time. You were playing games on your cell phone, and periodically checking on Danny, just like the rest of us did!"
Cindy snaps at Victoria, causing all of the girls to erupt into joyus laughter. I can't help but chuckle myself briefly, as I turn my gaze towards Cindy. She's looking absolutely adorable with her glasses, as she's looking over at Victoria. Victoria looks over to her as well, giving her that open blank-like expression. She knows Cindy TOTALLY busted her this time, as we all know I was in no real danger or anything. Laying on the warm floor of Ms Tasha's van, is one of the most comfortable spots, I've ever been in honestly.
Still keeping a hand over my mouth though, I can't help but feel a bit grateful. I really honestly felt, like I was about to ask Victoria out, and that would've been stupid. Especially doing it, right in front of ALL of the girls... especially CINDY. What kind of power, does this little Goth have over me? I'm going to have to be careful...
I turn back and focus my attention on Cindy, who turns back from Victoria, and looks back down on me. Giving me ALL of her attention, and cracking her coy, playful, yet confident smile; Looking up towards her, gives me a feeling of calm, yet deep appreciation and gratitude. Here is the girl I've wanted to be with, basically since I was a KID. She really does have a way, of instantly making me feel better, and happy. She really is deep within my heart. I honestly couldn't imagine my life without her at this point. All of the wild times we've shared recently, I know I would be lost without my cute, nerdy girlfriend.
"We... ALL... were concerned about you Danny. Even though we knew you were safe. All of us did watch over you while you were sleeping. You looked so happy and peaceful, while you were laying there. It was great to just watch you sleeping soundly, just like you did, while I layed next to you in your bed."
Cindy then says continuing. She then places her own hand, on top of the other side of my chest, whilst still smiling softly down on me. Her expression lets me know everything is alright, and at the same time, her playful demeanor is as genuine just as she's always been. I know she's real. I know she's telling the TRUTH. She's always kept it real with me. God thank you, for allowing this cute, short, blonde, nerdy girl I've grown up with, to finally become officially my gf. I reach up and hold Cindy and Victoria's hands on top of my chest, and offer a smile to the both of them.
"You little brat! I gave you the PRIVELEGE, of letting ME sit on your face earlier. I rubbed my butt ALL OVER your mouth and your lips, let you taste my pussy AND my ass hole in front of the everybody, I even sent you that SPECIAL VIDEO, letting you see me piss this morning, and THIS is how you thank me? by passing OUT? You are the WORST Danny. The worst Freshmen of all-time ever!"
Tammy scolds me from above, before giving me a slight pap on the top of my head. The rest of the girls burst out in laughter. I even smirk a bit, at Tammy's stern raunchy & humor. Something comes over me, and I begin to say something snarky back at her.
"Yeah... You should've fucking SAVED your piss for me. I could've drank it down for you, if you weren't so fucking selfish."
I defiantly say back to her, in a calm yet passe manner. All of the girls in the van, to look at me, with shock and awe across their face. My eyes widen instantly, realizing what I just casually said, to this older Junior-Year student. Wow, did I really just mouth off to her like that? It is then I also notice, the erotic stench of Anastasia's and Tammy's juices, from within my mouth, coming out from the words I had said.
Immense embarassment begins to consume me entirely, as the heavy smell of the two older students pussy and their asses, begins to hover completely over my face. Their combined aroma is so thick from within my breath, now freely hovering above me. I can't even smell anything, expect their pussy juices, and their assholes that were in my mouth. My smart ass response, instantly came back to bite me. Damn it...
All of the girls burst out in laughter again. There's nothing I really can say. I HAVE been eating them all out recently. They told me to do it, and I did so happily... My Teacher, My GF, These 2 hot Gothic chicks, My Teacher's SISTER, and even MY OWN sister...
All of their pussies and their butts, has been in my mouth recently. My breath must smell, like a pungent mixture of ALL of them to some extent. Even if I tried to play it cool, to deny it and save my dignity, it would be the most transparent lie I ever told. My cheeks start burning red from embarassment. Suddenly I feel a hand moving up and down my crotch. Startled, I look across at it, and notice Tammy is fondling my dick.
"Oh really... Do you like how it tastes? Did you want it THAT badly? You weren't happy, just seeing a video of me taking a piss? You'd rather have it in your mouth? I think I have a few drops in me...Do you want it Danny?
Tammy says down to me. INSTANTLY I turn to my side, being unable to look at her in the face. My dick quickly begins to fill up, in Tammy's hand. Causing a vocal response from her.
"Ohhhhh look... You're hard again. You nasty naughty ass freshmen. You just CAME, and right in my face. Did I tell you, you could get hard again so quickly? You were quite the smart assm recently towards me weren't you? I SAID, I think I have a few drops pee inside me... Aren't you going to respectfully ask me, if I'd be gracious enough to let it out in your mouth? An ungrateful, smart mouthed brat like YOU wouldn't even appreicate it, I bet..."
Tammy says down towards me, giving me her wicked devious smile. My cheeks begin burning red, as I can't help but feel embarassed by her words. I do... I... DO... want to taste her piss. It was so UNFAIR, that all I got from Tammy, was a video of her using the toilet. It should've been ME that got to taste her urine. I begin twitching, from feeling the IMMENSE desire rising up from me. Not to mention how GOOD it feels, having Tammy's soft hand, now fully stroking my now fully-erect dick.
"Does that dried, aged, smell of my ass enterance and my pussy water excite you my Prince? It's all over your mouth. We can all see it... It's speaded out, all over your mouth. It might not ever come off of your breath. Your mouth might smell, like between my legs forever. Isn't that great?"
Anastasia then says. Looking at me with the utmost confidence. FUCK why did they both have to talk like that? Why are they trying to intentionally make it sound so nasty? I don't want them to think, I actually... LIKE having their old cum just gathering in my mouth. I need to wash it out actually... I don't want them thinking, I'd WANT to have the old taste of their ass and their pussies, in my mouth... forever. I'm not that much of a FREAK. Fuck... My dick can't help itself. It starts to twitch uncontrolably, and all of the girls notice, as they erupt into cheering for me. This must be giving them all sorts of new ideas, oh God... They're all overjoyed, as per discovering this new unknown fetish of mine, and all simultaneously start rubbing all over my chest, my balls, and dick.
"Nnnnoooo... I... fuck. FUCK Tammy...I..."
I moan/mumble out, as all of the girls in the van, start touching all over me. I turn back to my side, trying not to look at ANY of them. My crotch instinctively starts moving on it's own. I feel so hot now. I can't get away... I'm getting hornier, every millisecond that passes by. I feel hands rubbing across my nipples, hands rubbing across my belly button, hands just everywhere like they're trying to coaxing something out of me.
"Mmmmm you what baby? You like the taste of that old cum? You want me to pee in your mouth? You want my hot urine in your mouth, so you can swallow it again? Tell me... in front of everyone. You really LIKE that aged flavor of cum from me & Anastasia, still on your breath. Don't you nasty Freshmen?"
Tammy responds.
"Danny...? Do you really want to drink Tammy's pee now? I'm shocked."
I hear Victoria say down to me innocently.
"You're going to let my little sister, PEE in your mouth? Just like her and I both did in class that day? Danny you are too much."
I hear Ms Tasha exclaim. My cheeks burn harder than they ever did before. I DO... I DO... I so want to taste Tammy's pee again. But I can't... I shouldn't just SAY this in front of everybody. It's too much.
"Always promise respect. You know our pussies need it Danny. You know how sticky they get. You promised us all, you accepted your place. That you would take care of us, and place your face between our legs, whenever we need you. Anytime. Anyplace. Whenever the piss needs to come forth, you would openyour mouth, and let it all flow inside, where it definitely belongs... We love you Prince. Now please drink it down."
Anastasia then says down to me. Oh my god... I need it... suddenly, I raise my upper body up force. Leaning forward a bit, I look directly over at Tammy. With the biggest SMILE on my face, I open my mouth up widely, and let my tongue hang out, while staring at her.
The beautiful Junior-Year student, looks at me briefly started and shocked. Her appearance then goes back, to her devilish grin. I've given her what she wants. I've given in completely to her, and the rest of the girls temptations. I still feel the warm hands of the girls, all over me. I feel SO good... I want it, I can't help myself I WANT to have Tammy's urine in my mouth once again.
"Please Tammy... Can I taste your pee-pee once more. I'm sorry smarted off to you before. I just got jealous, I couldn't drink your morning piss before. I would've been so happier, if I could have drank it all, directly from your pussy. I know my place. I have to put my face between your legs, whenever it comes out. It just hurt me, that your delicious piss this morning, couldn't have been swallowed by me."
I say in the most soul-baring manner that I can muster. Tammy's smile never leaves her face. When the rest of the girls, proceeds giving their moans in approval.
"You should drink it Danny. That's why we love you. You're MY boyfriend, but you need to drink all of our piss. We can't get enough, of pissing into your mouth, and seeing how you look, when you gulp that hot stuff down your throat."
Cindy says to me, then leaning forward and giving me a quick kiss on my warm forehead.
"Come on young man. You can be more respectful than that. Tammy seems to have held in a few drops for you. Guess she didn't give it ALL to the toilet, back at the sorority house. You should feel lucky. Just like when I gave you ALL of MY piss, back at our apartment. You looked like it really tasted good. Didn't it? You want more pee pee all in your mouth..."
My big sister says. Her words send me over the edge. I don't fucking care anymore... I've GOT to get any piss, any of the girls are harboring, into my mouth right here and right now. I lick my lips in the slowest, and wettest mannr possible, while looking at them all.
"Tammy, Ms Tasha, Anastasia, Victoria, Cindy, Samantha... Do... Do ANY of you need to piss right now? Did you get it all out with your morning piss? I'm really really thirsty for it. Please I won't be shy. If you have even the SLIGHTEST droplets, of piss in your pussy, I'll gladly wait here. You can sit on my face... I'll wait here as long as you need, and you can give it to me to drink, if you would honor me with any of the piss you have, until your pussies are entirely empty. THAT'S my job, and I'm GOING to do it right. With honor..."
Loud cheering erupts from every single girl. I have said what I felt, and I said it to them honestly. I see Tammy smile at me, and she then gets up on her hands and knees. She turns away from me, and then begins back up her GORGEOUS rear to my face. Her ass presses against my face, her still sticky/soggy pussy rubbing up against my mouth, she presses back even further, causing me to lay back on the floor.
"Mmmmmm... that's better."
Tammy then says. She lowers her entire booty onto my face, positioning her pussy completely over my mouth. I know what to do. I know my job... I simply open my mouth up, and she begins to push her pussy a little bit, inside of there. I'm so horny... my dick is still throbbing. Noone is touching me now, as my whole upper body, is now the property of Tammy.
"Danny... this is my van. You'd better never let a single drop of that piss, hit my nice new clean carpet in here. Do you hear me young man?"
Ms Tasha says down to me. Watching me awaiting your younger sister's piss.
"Yes ma'am"
I try to say to her. But my mouth is completely covered up, by the Junior-Year red headed student.
"Be quiet. You don't talk, until you have my PISS in your mouth. You naughty Freshmen... I'm going to give you a decent bit to drink."
Tammy says. Wigging her booty on top of me, causing my face to shake side to side, along with her butt. I feel Tammy pushing her ass up and down a little bit, and I begin to close my eyes, in anticipation of her hot golden urine...
"Noooo! Eyes open. You know the rules Danny. Always ALWAYS keep your eyes open, while you're serving the pussy. That way you'll always REMEMBER IT, when the piss has to come out!"
Cindy says... God I can't believe she said that. She's right though. If I closed my eyes, I wouldn't be able to get the full experience. I have to serve the pussy, and DUTIFULLY... I need to keep my eyes open, for the piss.
"Mmmmmm... here..."
Tammy says, if the sofest most alluring voice she's made. My eyes widen a bit, as I feel a quick stream, of a new HOT and very SALTY liquid, enter into my mouth. The watery substance splashes at the base of my tongune, and spreads all across the bottom of my mouth. The flavor is AMAZING. It's so salty... I begin moving my tongue around the the bottom of my mouth, searching specifically for the unique salty flavor. It is then... another quick spurt floods into my mouth, and then another, landing practically in the same location. FUCK... I think to myself. This REALLY tastes good.
"Mmmmmm..."
Tammy moans out. It is suddenly, a few little droplets begin falling freely into my mouth. It's really not much... but the salty hot urines flavor, is simply unbelievable. I don't even swallow it. It's just TOO good... Tammy rests on top of my face. Pushing out a couple of more drips, into the slight tiny pool, that I've collected for her. It's a little bubbly. It's SUPER salty... this is probably the best tasting urine from the girls that I've ever tasted.
"There... Did you like that?"
Tammy says, looking back and down on me. My joyus eyes express to her, that I am immensely happy. I'm just struck at how incredile her morning piss tastes. Tammy then slowly begins to climb off of my face, and I still continue to keep the little puddle of this Junior-Year student's pee within my mouth. The girls can totally tell, that I didn't even swallow it. My mouth is slightly open, and Tammy's urine is on complete display.
"Wow... That must've felt good. Using his mouth really feels GREAT, doesn't it Tammy?"
Cindy says to the older student, while smiline joyfully.
"It sure does. I'll never get tired, of letting go in your mouth Danny."
Tammy says to me. I just lay on floor still, mouth open, and a slight grin on my face. I refuse to swallow Tammy's piss. I want to taste it as long as I can.
"Well... since he doesn't want to swallow it, it seems. Do any of you other young ladies need to go, before we head out? Danny is right here, and he wants us to all feel good."
Ms Tasha directs to the rest of the girls.
"I feel nothing in my nethers, at the moment Danny. I let it all out, back at the Sorority earlier. I'm sorry my Prince. But I promise, I will give a lot of it later..."
Anastasia says down to me. A little sadness comes over me. But still, tasting Tammy's hot urine in my mouth keeps me calm.
"I just used him not too long ago, back at the apartment. He REALLY gulped it down. I think some of it ran out of his mouth. He was amazing to use though. My pussy never felt so good..."
My big sister says. A feeling of PRIDE comes over me. Yep... I sure DID taste my big sisters pee-pee. It was one of my PROUDEST moments. I can't wait for Samantha to have to pee again.
It is suddenly I notice Victoria start to move. She says nothing at all... Just maintaining her usual, unreadable demeanor, she simply climbs forward on top of my mouth, completely covering up my vision with her vagina, and raven black pussy hair.
"That's not fair! Didn't you piss not too long ago!? You CAN'T have to go right now..."
I hear Cindy. Victoria doesn't say a damn thing. She just places her Vagina directly into my mouth. She then places both of her hands, down on top of my forehead. I look up at her, but still can't see anything past her gorgeous thighs, crotch, and her vagina. The entire van goes silent. I can still feel the slight sloshing, of Tammy's warm urine at the bottom of my mouth hole. Victoria just holds my head still, and then I felt a couple of drops of new liquid, enter inside of my mouth, falling into the puddle.
"Mmmmmm. Prince..."
Victoria seductively says. I don't feel anything after those first two droplets. Suddenly a SHARP SQUIRT pushes into the puddle in my mouth. I jump a bit from Victoria's force. I end up swallowing a loud GULP, causing all of the girls to make sounds signaling interest. The taste of the urine in the back of my mouth, DEFINITELY changed a bit from that squirt. Victoria's was more watery and sour at the moment. Almost like a warm lemony flavor, that had just been added to Tammy's salty piss. A few more drops from Victoria begin to fall out. More of that sharp, sour flavor gets added, to the puddle I'm deliberately keeping at the bottom of my mouth. Victoria gives one more FORCEFUL squirt, almost causing me to choke, as the liquid now splashes against the right side of my inner-cheek, before swishing around, and forming back into a larger puddle, at the base of my mouth.
"Hggggghhnnn...."
I moan out almost shivering. Almost choking on the warm piss, Victoria had just added, felt absolutely amazing... Her flavor has completely overtaken Tammy's in my throat. I can taste it... Victoria's sour citrus flavored urine, has conqured the distinct sharp & salty flavor, of Tammy's pee pee. It's begun to start frothing... Victoria's piss, has now caused it to start bubbling up, from the interaction of Tammy's piss. Victoria then gives a slightly less forceful squirt. Hitting my tongue, reminding me of her sour flavor, it only makes the piss in there bubble up even more. FUCK... I love this... I'm not moving at all. I try to keep my head perfectly still, as Victoria then seems to give out, 3 gentle droplets to the inside of my mouth. The mostly sour flavor of Victoria, and practically gone salty flavor or Tammy's urine, has now filled up maybe, slightly more than HALF of my mouth.
"I love you my Prince. Mmmmm... My pussy feels so relieved, because of your service. I'll have to urinate some more, later on for you tonight alright?"
Victoria says, as she then rises off from my face. My mouth remains open. I display PROUDLY the bubbling concoction, that Tammy and Victoria's combined piss has created. The girls look at it, displaying expressions of commendation. They look quite proud of me. Like they're HAPPY that I'm here to service them, and I feel exactly the same that they do. Still smiling with my mouth wide open, showing Tammy & Victoria's piss pool to them; Surpringly it is then Ms Tasha, who steps in with her own demands.
"Now gargle it with you mouth a little Danny. Let it really mix around in your mouth young man. You need to thoroughly get the flavor blended inside, before you swallow all that piss down right?"
My teacher says. I think Ms Tasha is right. It'll probably taste amazing, if I swish it around, and blend it together as much as possible... I then notice, that all of the girls including my teacher, have all raised up their cell phones to me. My face feels warm, as I can see they are all recording me, but I keep my place smiling, with Tammy's and Victoria's piss half way filled in my mouth.
"You can do it Danny!"
My GF Cindy cheers me on. Smiling widely still, I then gargle the piss concoction just a little. Small bubbles form up in my mouth. All of the girls are pointing their cell phones at me. I gargle it still some more, and the fizz of Victoria's and Tammy's piss, begins to froth and grow even thicker. The girls begin cheering me on, as they keep recording me, and I keep gargling the pissy liquid. The mixed urine then becomes incredibly incredibly thick, and the flavor blend of the two girls mixes perfectly. Still overpowering with the sour citrus flavor, of Victoria's majority piss, The tastes DOES become highly highly delectable. I feel the froth in my mouth nearly bubble up to my lips. I immediately close my mouth, and cover my mouth hole with my hand.
"I think he did it. He mixed it up perfectly... look at how his cheeks are starting to poke out from it."
My big sister says.
"Mmmmm, does that taste GOOD Danny?"
Ms Tasha then comes in.
"My urines flavor was made for you to drink Danny."
Victoria speaks down to me softly.
"Go ahead and swallow all that. Swallow all that piss I gave you to baby. It turns me on to see it."
Tammy then says.
"Taste it slowly Danny. No need to rush things. Just let it all run down, into your throat for us to witness. It makes us feel good, when you serve our pussies needs handsome prince."
Anastasia speaks to me. I look over at her beautiful face. God I love the way she speaks to me. I really could serve this beautiful senior student FOREVER. I lower my hand from my mouth, and I slowly let the mixture of piss, start to run it's way down my throat.
"Hnnnnnnn....."
I moan out. The warm sour/salty liquid, still bubbling in my mouth goes down roughly. It's so fizzy, but it tastes so fucking good.
"Swallow it Danny. Swallow it some more!"
My girlfriend encourages me. I let some more of the flavored urine, ride it's way all the way down into my stomach. The girls begin to cheer for me some more. I take my time, but I swallow more of the urine froth. Some of it doesn't want to go down. The bubbles of piss have gotten quite thick. I choke on the urine mix a little, and the girls notice my coughing a bit on Tammy & Victoria's pee pee.
"Danny are you ok? Is my dearest naughty student, having some trouble swallow it? Here I think I can help you with that young man."
Ms Tasha tells me. It is then SHE begins to crawl onto my face. She turns away from me, and slowly lowers her ass right onto my face. She's facing away from me, just like her young sister did. Even still keep some of the piss mixture in my mouth, I manage to open my mouth up gently, so My gorgeous teacher can get her pussy inside it.
"Danny... Mmmm... I've been holding in a little bit. It might be a good amount, I don't know... Right now, can you swallow this for me? Help your teacher, to relieve her pussy for you. Be good and swallow it..."
My teacher tells me. My eyes practically roll into the back of my head, from her words. Still feeling the little reminices of the two girls prior piss, the froth is REALLY bubbly, dispite there not being too much left of it. I can feel Ms Tasha bouncing up and down a little. She's trying to shake herself and relax. It feels so good, everytime my gorgeous teacher sits on my face. I can smell her ass... It's musky for certain. It's musky, tart smelling, yet it's so god damned feminine.
"Mmmmm..."
I moan out in estacy. Smelling my gorgeous teacher's ass, while the taste of her younger sisters piss, has filled up my mouth. Her legs start to relax, as I then feel a stead medium-powerful stream FALL into my mouth. The angle of it veers to my left. The stream is scattering against the left-side of my teeth. It's hot... SUPER hot. I jump a bit startled, at just how heated, Ms Tasha's piss is. It's heat seems to make the already froth inside of my mouth, become watery along with it. Her piss is so powerful, I can't even keep inside of my mouth. I just swallow it, as it continues to fall out. I can barely make out the flavor, maybe slightly salty, but not as much as Tammys. Her stream doesn't let up in the slightest. I keep feeling Ms Tasha's stream, hitting the left side of my jaw. It feels amazing as Ms Tasha is taking a piss. All of the girls are cheering, looking at my eyes widening while Ms Tasha releases her piss. Her piss then begins shooting down, directly onto my tongue. It IS salty, just like Tammy's. All of the froth in my mouth has disappeared, Ms Tasha's pee pee has cleared the area. Now there's nothing but supremely hot, watery urine from my teacher, I keep swallowing it as she continues to pee.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh... Danny... You're so great. The best toilet my pussy's ever used. Just drink it all for me dear."
My teacher praises me. I gladly do as she says, as the girls continue to film me. I pay FULL attention, to my gorgeous teacher's pussy. Her stream of piss, is the only thing that matters. Nothing in the world, means ANYTHING right now. My teacher has to piss... and it's all mine. Ms Tasha's urine still hitting directly onto my tongue, I can distinctly tastes it's saltiness. Quite similar to Tammy's in flavor, I am loving this salty urine sensation, it's just so HOT I HAVE TO SWALLOW it quickly. I can not savor it as much as I'd like. It's too heated. But I'm going to gulp it. Ms Tasha's stream starts to trickle a little. I'm still getting every drop down. The girls are still recording me, and cheering me on swallowing the piss.
"Swallow Tasha's piss you hunk. We love you, when you swallow it baby."
Tammy says. My dick twitches at her words, and all of the girls notice it, and begin to cheer. Ms Tasha is pushing out her piss some more, but we can both tell she's nearly finished. I gulp down steadily, the last squirts of her stream. I then keep my head still, as Ms Tashs rests her ass on my face, she takes her precious time, and makes ABSOLUTELY sure, that she pisses out every drop that's within her pussy.
"You're amazing Danny. I didn't know you could drink so much. That was so hot..."
Samantha tells me. Ms Tasha then crawls off of my face, and there is still just a little bit left, of what Ms Tasha had given me. All of the girls point their phones to me up close, my smile immediately comes right back, but I think close my mouth, and swallow the last puddle, with one BIG gulp of the urine.
"Yayyyyyy! You did it again Danny. You're the BEST in the world for sure."
Cindy tells me while smiling.
"Only you could accomplish such greatness Prince."
Anastasia praises me.
"A true God amongst men."
Victoria says to me with a smile.
"I can't believe how good you are... you brat."
Tammy says to me, giving me her troublemaking smile.
"If I had know you had this talent, I'd have been using you sooner."
My big sister says, in a unique and sexy voice. I look over at her, and see her smiling back at me. Would she... if she knew about my fetish before, would she have done this sort of thing, when we were both younger?
"Phew... Danny you are the best. I have never felt so satisfied in my entire life. I don't think I'll ever be able to let you go. You're just too good at this. If I'm not careful, I could become addicted to peeing in you, naughty young man... but you'd probably LIKE THAT wouldn't you?"
Ms Tasha asks me. I immediately spring up slightly, and nod my head to her instantly.
"Yes ma'am. Yes ma'am I could drink YOUR piss, anyday for the rest of my life. I love it's unique flavor. You pussy, your ass hole, your piss, I could serve them so long as I lived. ALL of you... this is my DUTY. I am here WHENEVER, WHEREEVER, HOWEVER you need to piss. It's what I was born for. I'm happiest when you trust me enough, to give me your urine. I can't be happy EVER, unless I'm drinking your piss."
I say to the girls. They all start giggling over towards me. I feel a huge amount of shame and embarassment, but it only makes me feel better. I have been honest with them once again. The smell of multiple of the girls, urine embedded deep within my mouth, it is giving me the sensation of pure, unadulterated happiness. The girls continue to giggle, and my cheeks are reddening from the situation. The girls know I want to be their piss drinker, and they are now looking at me lustfully, like it is my purpose in life. Tammy then moves a little closer to me. She also gives me a kiss on top of my forehead, and says something softly to me.
"I'm sorry Danny. I didn't know it would hurt you, only letting you see a video of me taking a piss today. If I were able to hold it until I saw you, I would've flooded it ALL into your mouth, so you could swallow it ok? You are the best... even though you're just a NASTY Freshmen."
She says with that sparky smile. I smile back at her, and then Ms Tasha chimes in.
"Alright girls are you ready? We're probably not going to have much time."
She says. All of the girls acknowledge that they are ready, and it is only then I notice... they are all actully NAKED. I didn't even NOTICE, that they were all undressed. I see Tammy then open the sliding middle door of the van.
"Hey wait!"
I yell out. But Tammy just pulls it completely open. Looking outside it looks like we're at a... park or something. The girls start piling out, right in the open without a care in the world. I then peek my head out of the door, to see the parking lot is completely empty.
"C'mon Danny! Join Us!"
Cindy then says. I get up from the floor of the van, and step out into the parking lot myself. Looking around, the parking lot really IS completely empty. Not a soul except for us all in sight. I don't care though. I reach back inside the van, and grab my jeans, and put them on for the least.
"There they are..."
I hear Tammy exclaim. I then turn to see a large swing set, a small distance off from the van's parking spot. All of the girls walk over to the swing set. They all take a seat on the set, being completely naked. From the left to my right, I see Cindy, Samantha, Victoria, Anastasia, Tammy & Ms Tasha.
"Come on Danny... Before somebody might see us. How up now."
I hear Ms Tasha beckon over to me. I zip up my pants, and turn towards her, before rushing over to the swing set, that they are all sitting at.
"What... wh-what's the meaning of this?"
I ask the girls. Staring at them all, sitting completely NAKED on the swings. All of the girls are smiling at me, like they're planning something, or they've had something planned.
"Come here Danny..."
I hear Ms Tasha tell me. I perk up, and instantly walk over & stand before her. She immediately reaches for the zipper of my pants, and pulls it down, causing my dick to just FLOP out, from within my jeans. All of the girls begin to cheer, looking at my dick, as I stand still yet started, as Ms Tasha pulls it out. I almost jump a bit, but I'm too mesmerized looking at the sight, of my beautiful teacher's huge breasts.
"There it is..."
I hear Anastasia exclaim. I look over at her, sitting naked on the swing. God she really is hot. Every bit as pretty as Victoria. Her and her younger sister, are truly mirrors into exotic beauty. Anastasia sees me staring at her, she immediately opens her legs a little, and jiggles her own nice titties for me to look at.
FUCK, I think to myself. Anastasia is really... God she's fucking incredible. My dick is throbbing like crazy. I'm feeling hot again. Looking at all of the girls here, just sitting completely naked, I don't know even know what they want, or what's the meaning of this gesture. I feel a hand, sliding up and down the length of my cock. I instantly turn back, and see it's Ms Tasha. She looks up at me, staring me right in the eyes, and licks her lips.
"Danny... do you want to do it? Do you want to suck on these, right in front of everybody. You can have them, if you want to... I'll let you do whatever you want."
I hear echoed from my own sister. I look over at Samantha, who is now proudly pushing her BIG tits, out towards my general direction.
" Re... REALLY!?"
I say aloud. Causing giggles from some of the girls. My dick springs up as hard as it can, as all of the girls take notice.
"Wow. He really IS attracted to his big sister. Mmmmmm that's hot. He really must LOVE her tits. Bet you he goes crazy, when he has his face between her legs."
Cindy says coyly. I'm starting to almost feel dizzy. My dick is throbbing mad. I can't take my eyes off of Samantha. I want to... I want to suck on her tits, right here, right out in public. It is then I feel my dick get completely engulfed. A tight, warm, wet sensation seizes my dick. My head goes back in pleasure, unable to BELIEVE this magnificent sensation, that has just swallowed my dick entirely.
"Mggggmmmph.."
I hear come from Ms Tasha's mouth. Ms Tasha has taken my dick into her mouth. She keeps looking up at me, and I look back down at her sitting on the swing. She pulls my dick out of her mouth, licks at the dick head repeatedly, over and over before spitting hard at it, and taking it back into her mouth.
"Ahhhhhhhhh!"
I yell out in pleasure, causing all of the girls to erupt in pleasure. They are looking at me standing in front of Ms Tasha, who is now sucking my dick back and forth, sending me into pleasure, like I barely can stand.
"That's it sis. Suck his dick good. A smart ass Freshmen like HIM, deserves it."
Tammy then says. I look over at her, who returns my glance, and is now motioning me to come over to her now.
"Here... Now..."
Tammy says. My eyes begin to squint, as my hips are moving on their own, from my dick getting sucked in, by my own gorgeous teacher. Ms Tasha pulls my dick out of her mouth one last time, before spitting on it one last time. The sight is so erotic to witness. My own teacher with her huge breasts, was just sucking my cock, and now it's soaking wet from her spit.
I begin to walk over to Tammy, when I hear a WAP sound, coming from my ass.
"AHHH!"
I scream out, causing all of the girls to burst out in laughter. Ms Tasha had swatted me on my ass. Even though my pants are on, it STILL stung a bit. What the fuck... Standing in front of Tammy, she's got her devious grin, that I knew was coming. I KNEW IT... I almost bet SHE was the one, that planned this whole thing. It had to be her... right? To my surprise, Tammy actually reaches out, and wraps her arms around me, giving me a great big hug from the swing. Her face is at the side of my dick, and she's turned her face sideways, so it's right in front of her view as she hugs me.
"I'd... actually better be careful. If I fell in love with a Freshmen... Mmmmm... Your dick smells good."
Tammy says. I become taken aback by her words, as well as everyone else. Did she just say Fall In Love? HER? I know she couldn't have said that. I'm just too horny. A fine ass Varsity CHEERLEADER, actually catching hard feelings for a Freshmen like me? How???
I then feel Tammy's tongue start to flicker across my dick. She hasn't even let go from hugging me. She begins to kiss and lap over and over, at my hard, wet, cock protruding from my jeans. Ms Tasha's spit is still on my dick, and Tammy just keeps sliding her tongue across it, while kissing it steadily, seeming to get more and more into it, still not letting me go.
"You want to do it, don't you little sis. You want Danny's cock in your mouth. There is no shame. You can put it inside. We won't tell anyone..."
Ms Tasha says over to her younger sister. Tammy pulls away from her embrace of me, then looks up at me, just like her older sister did.
"You fucking nasty ass Freshmen! You're in fucking trouble. Get these fucking PANTS OFF now!"
Tammy says. Before literally YANKING my pants to the ground, causing all of the girls to erupt, into pure chaotic laughter. FUCK... I think to myself. Now I'm naked and exposed out in public, just like the rest of them are.
"Mmmmmm..."
I hear Tammy say, with my dick now directly in her face. She just immediately dives in. She just takes my dick RIGHT INTO her mouth, and begins sucking it back and forth. Over and over, Tammy sucks it good. She pushes saliva from the back of her mouth, onto my dick as she just sucks it, like she's actually ENJOYING doing this in front of everyone.
"Ahhhhhh fuck... FUCK!"
I yell out, while Tammy continues to suck. Her blowjob is even SLOPPIER than her older sisters. The more Tammy sucks on it, the more spit she brings out from her mouth. My body is beginning to shake, from the incredible feeling. I NEVER KNEW, Tammy could suck a dick so good. She's sucking me, like she REALLY want me to bust a nut HARD in her throat.
"Oh my fucking GOD Tam-..."
I barely get out of my mouth, before feeling like I could explode any second.
Tammy just contines to suck, as I feel a shock run throughout my body. I know I didn't cum, but it certainly feels like a healthy glob of precum has just pushed out.
"Mmmmmmm..."
I hear Tammy moan. I let out some of my prenut, I know that I did. Tammy stops for a moment, seeming like she's tasting something. My dick is still in her mouth, but she looks fixated, on the new flavor that leaked inside.
"Handsome Prince... We beckon for you. Bring your kingly cock, over to us now. I wish to suck on it, and taste it all the way in my mouth again."
"Boyfriend... I need you again my Prince. May I have a taste, of your royal cock once more? I will swallow you seed, if you choose to release it."
Anastasia & Victoria call over to me. I look over to them, then back over to Tammy. The GORGEOUS red-headed cheerleader, is looking up at me smiling. My dick is still in her mouth, and she's looking at me lovingly. She looks so happy, not like anything I've ever seen before. She still looks at me in a devious way, but she looks... kinda like a girlfriend would at me. I slowly pull my dick out of her mouth, while her eyes remain locked on me. It flops out, with a long strand of spit, connecting from her mouth to my dick. I then see her swallow something, while she's still looking at me smiling fiendishly. Did she just swallow that glob of prenut?
Instinctively, I begin to walk over to Anastasia & Victoria. Then suddenly again, I hear an even louder WAP than before.
"AHHHHHHHHHHH!"
I yell out. The echo, seemingly traveling through the woods of the park. The girls begin to giggle, as I march with my pants down around my ankles, over to the younger & older Goths. I stand right between them, and they just instantly fall to their knees before me. They each put one of their hands at my thighs, and the other at my torso. In unison, completely together, they each begin to kiss and lick at my cock. Oh my God, I can't BELIEVE what I'm seeing. Two sisters, A Senior and a fellow Freshmen TOGETHER, working over my cock. Not to mention, they're both Goths who are sexy as FUCK. What did I do right, to EARN such a privilege? I don't know how this happened, but I'm so entirely grateful God. Both of their tongues together, are licking at the underneath of my dick. I then see Victoria go a little bit lower, and she starts to make her way over to my balls. Anastasia continues to run her tongue, up and down the entire length of my shaft. They are keeping their hands, in the same position while doing it. Their drool is now mixing in, with Tammy's and Ms Tasha's.
"Mmmmmmm.... Young Prince's dick tastes delicious."
"Your nuts are delicious. Let me suck on them Prince."
I then hear Anastasia & Victoria exclaim. Anastasia is still staying at one side, lapping all over my throbbing dick. Meanwhile Victoria looks perfectly content, at the other side, licking gently and sucking my ball sack over and over into her mouth. My dick becomes sopping wet once more. They don't even seem to care, that Ms Tasha's and Tammy's spit, had just drowned my dick only moments before.
"Uhhhh... Ahhhhhhh!"
I yell out to the sky. My head rises up, and I feel like I'm practically going to fall over backwards. The two Gothic girs reach around to my back, and together pull me forward to them, keeping my balance. I really nearly lost it. My face is burning red. My knees are feeling like buckling. But the two Gothic girls keep my binded in their clutches.
"Fuck...! Ana-Anastasia... Victoria... STOP!"
I cry out with immesnse pleasure. But the two Gothic girls do not stop, they seem to have their own unique plan. It is then I look back down, and see Victoria move back from my ball sack. She lines up across from her older sister, at the head of my dick. It is then I see the younger Gothic sister, take my cock nearly half way down, the length of my steel-hardened penis. She looks like she coughs a bit, as her sister watches her take it. Anastasia then grab the remaining length of my penis, and begins to stroke it off.
"What...? No..."
I barely audibly exclaim. But the two Goths do not listen, Anastasia continues to beat off my dick, meanwhile Victoria continues bobbing her head, after coming back from dick coughing. I see the younger Gothic girl, then begin to look up at me. Her ice cold blue eyes, are truly mesmerizing to see from up here. Her older sister, keeps jamming my dick into Victoria's mouth. Victoria coughs again, while Anastasia keeps stroking me HARD into. Victoria seems determined though, like she WANTS the other girls to see, me cumming my load into her mouth. She coughs again once more, even harder this time. This time how she falls back, coughing a little harder, with a long strang of her saliva, still connecting from her mouth to my dick.
"My my sweet sister. That simply will not do. When the young prince needs to cum, you have to LET him, slam his royal cock in you as hard as he wants..."
Anastasia says with my cock in her hand, as she peers lustfully over at her younger sister. Anastasia scootches over, to line up directly in front of me. Never letting go of my cock for a second, I see her open her sticky saliva-filled mouth, and unbelievably takes my ENTIRE dick into her mouth/throat without a single issue. All of the girls including Victoria, look upon the Senior-year student in amazement. Anastasia puts BOTH of her hands at my thighs. Her eyes are completely forward, like she's only concentrating on my dick. Her younger sister looked UP at the least, but Anastasia looks supremely focused, my consciousness feeling like it's fading, but magically, my hips start to move on their own.
"Wow! Look at that..."
I hear Cindy yell out gleefully.
"Deepthroat skills... I need to practice that."
I hear my big sister exclaim.
"Oh my. It looks like Danny, will be training us all well."
My teacher then chimes in.
"He's got a really hard dick. It might be difficult. But I KNOW I can throat it eventually..."
Tammy says after her sister.
"Beautiful sister I can not. It's... the Prince's penis is just too hard. I can not take it all yet. My apologies. I need more practice with it in my mouth."
Victoria says over to her elder sister, in an exhausted yet erotic voice. Her mouth still soaking wet, from coughing on my penis, from it nearly reaching in her throat.
Anastasia doesn't lose focus for a second. She then starts to slowly pull backwards, letting my dick all the way to the HEAD, pull out from her throat, before pushing it ALL slowly back inside again. The girls can hardly believe what they are seeing. The Senior-Year Goth then does it again. She doesn't seem to be gagging in the slightest. The feeling of wet throat, is engulfing my cock, like a warm blanket. Anastasia holds onto my thighs really tight. She doesn't look up at me in the slightest, only continuing to look forward at my crotch. Her spit is coming out of her throat, and is now starting to bubble around the base of my dick, and drip down across my nuts.
"AAHHHHH Fuck... FUCK"
I cry out. But the Senior year student, pulls my entire length into & out of her throat once more. She pushes her head forward, taking the length in agagin. My hips begin pushing forward, meeting her head, She still doesn't balk, she just keeps taking every single bit of it, only making her throat wetting it seems. I can feel the liquid in her throat seeming to increase. The feeling is incredible, I can't even seem to stop.
"Hold her head Prince. It'll give you more balance."
I then hear Victoria say. Looking over to the younger Goth off over to the side, I say That's A Great Idea, before taking the back of her elder sister's head, into the palm of one of my hands.
"Maybe you should have done that with Victoria, then you might've shot in her mouth."
My sister calls out to me. Just hearing my big sister's voice, makes me start to buck harder. The elder goth doesn't even choke then. I keep her head in one of my hands, and I just push it all into her mouth, over and over. I try pushing my cock in her throat, as far as I can. The Senior-Year Goth just TAKES it all, without issue. Her eyes going forward, such determination to get out my load, I feel my balls seize up for a second, as I feel I'm really about to nut.
"AAAHHHHHHHHH... Anastasia... I'm.. FUCK. I'm gonna... I'M GONNA!"
I scream out. All of the girls begin looking at me and the Senior in amazement. I feel my nuts tense up harder than before, and it then hits me, I keep bucking OVER AND OVER, into the hot older Gothic students throat. My nut fire out in shots, right into her stomach. Anastasia finally does cought a little bit, her eyes widen gently, as my nut continues to attack her tonsils. I fall back to the ground, while continuing to scream out, with rage of my orgasm. Anastasia is still determined. She falls forward on top of me, meanwhile still maintaining, to keep my dick in her throat. My back hitting the ground, I just lay here...
"Wow... look at him. It looks like he's still cumming."
My big sister says. I look at my crotch, to see Anastasia's beautiful icy eyes, now focused entirely at my face. It's like she WANTS to see my expressions, as I'm cumming. I want to look down on her beautiful self as well.
"Mmmmmmm..."
I moan out. I feel another squirt leave out of my balls, and go right down into her throat, as well both continue to look at each other. God I cannot imagine a more beautiful sight. My dick squirts again, but this time much weaker. Our eyes never leave each others, this time is Anastasia's and mine to share. The whole world can bare witness to what we're doing. This gorgeous Gothic Senior-Year student, swallowing my cum.
"Make sure you empty it all Danny."
I hear Ms Tasha exclaim. I do just as I am told, and try to give Anastasia, the last remaining droplets of my nut. Our eyes still focusing on each other. My dick now starting to go soft a little. Still keeping eye contact on me, Anastasia then begins, to pull the entire length of me out of her mouth. She does so, giving off an audible SLURPING sound. I can't look away from her. This older student is just TOO gorgeous. Our eyes remain on each other, as we're both laying on the ground together. Instinctively for some reason, I start to reach down to her, and try to pull her up towards me, so I can embrace and hold the older student.
"Do you desire me Prince? Did I make you happy? I have never met a man, of such regal quality before. I now only want, to make you happy forever."
Anastasia says, at the side of me while I hold her. She is smiling in my face from my side, while I see a long thick single strand of my cum, hanging from her mouth as I hold her beside me. Did she just say she'd like to make me happy forever? I mean that blowjob was incredible! I have NEVER had a girl, give me head until the finish that damn good. I pull Anastasia even tighther to me, while Victoria crawls over to us, from the other side.
"Mmmmmm beautiful sister. You were heavenly as usual. Together we will serve Danny's needs for all eternity."
The younger Gothic students says. It is then I see something shocking. Victoria leans acoss me, meeting her sister. It is then she LICKS my cum strand, all the way off from her elder sister's mouth. Victoria looks like she adores the taste of my cum, hanging off of her sister's lips. Victoria closes her eyes, as it appears she tries to take it all in, savor the taste of my nut, and then swallow it. My mouth hangs open, barely able to BELIEVE what I am seeing. Victoria looks like she REALLY wanted to taste that ball juice. I reach over to Victoria with my other hand, and pull her back to the ground at my other side, away from her sister.
"Where do you think YOU'RE going. You stay here, where I can always see you."
I say with authority to Victoria, completely unexpectedly.
"Yes my Prince."
The younger Gothic girl responds to me, while her big sister giggles at the sudden situation. I hold them both closer to me, while I look up at the sky. Laying here naked with the two Gothic girls, feels absolutely amazing. It feels like THIS is where I'm supposed to me. With these two at my side, it feels like there is NOTHING I can not accomplish. I close my eyes, still holding them both tight. I almost pass out, before I'm woken up instantly.
"DANNY. What do you think you're doing. You get your ass over here, INSTANTLY young man... NOW."
I hear my big sister call out to me. Snapping back to reality, I immediately sit up, and with my pants still at my ankles, I begin to litterally CRAWL over to where Cindy, and my big sister are still on the swings. Before making my way there however, I hear a WAP-WAP, as two sharp pains at my buttocks, cause me to go crashing to the dirt.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"
I yell out into the ground. Causing every single girl, to laugh out with joy. It's obvious Victoria and Anastasia, had both struck me on the ass, AT THE EXACT SAME TIME. My ass feels like hamburgher, as I had no idea those two could hit so hard.
"Danny!"
I then hear my girlfriend Cindy call over to me. I pick my head up from the ground, and crawl on my hands and knees over to my big sister, and my girlfriend. My head is lowered, I can not even stand up. I then see Cindy and Samantha just open their legs, right in front of me. I look over at them, from one side to the other, doing it repeatedly not knowing what they're doing.
"Here Danny! Come and get it boy. My little pussy has gotten soggy, watching all what you were doing. Come and stick your tongue in it OK?"
My adorable girlfriend says over to me.
"Come and put your FACE between my legs again Danny. My pussy is SO fucking wet right now. You need to come and eat up this mess. I am your SISTER after all... you need to help me."
Samantha then says. My eyes and head perk up instantly. The last time I had to choose, between Cindy & Samantha back at the Sorority, I choose Cindy. This time, with her erotic words and her tone, I crawled up INSTANTLY over to my big sisters sopping vagina.
"Good boy. You know you're place... You're going to eat big sister's pussy NOW right? You're going to eat it in front of everyone, it's the best of all right."
Samantha says down to me, while I merrily keep my face between her legs. I instantly look up to her, giving her my response.
"Mmmmmm yea. Big sister's pussy is the best of all. I can't get enough of this smell. It's taste is like nothing, I've ever enjoyed before. Please let me keep my face between your legs sis."
I saw to my elder sister, causing all of the girls to laugh even harder at my lust. I do not care however. I finally have my face between my big sister' s legs again. The musky aroma of my own sister's pussy. It just smells so freaking amazing. This submissize happiness satisfies me to my core. I stick my tongue out, as I feel Samantha's hand place itself, on the top of my head. I can feel Samantha's juices, puddling in the swing. It's warm, and it sticks to my chin. My tongue reaches her pussy, and I take a long, dragged-out, lick ALL THE WAY, from as far as my tongue can reach her asshole, all the way to the TOP of her hooded clit.
"Hehe... There you go Danny. Eat your big sister's pussy. You know it tastes good right?"
I hear Cindy giggle toward me. I lap longly and Samantha's pussy agagin. Her juice is medium-thick at the moment. It's flavor is SOOOO feminine, it's own unique flavor. I feel Samantha's hand, guiding my head. I allow her, to just move it whereever she pleases .
"Unnnnmff..."
I hear my big sister exclaim. She pulls my head up to her clit area. Her cum has really clung, to the font and bottom of my chin. I don't mind in the slightest, it smells and tastes super duper good. She pulls my head HARD into her crotch. Samantha opens her legs a bit wider, so she can have my head, as close into her pussy as she wants it.
"Yeah... you'd BETTER fucking eat it boy."
I hear my sister tell me. My dick even though I had just came, twitched a little from her words. Samantha is smearing her pussy juice, all over my lips. I love it however, the smell & taste of my big sister's cum is EXQUISITE. My mouth remains open, my tongue only built to service her clit. I can detect the aroma, of her feminine hole on my breath. Suddenly I feel Samantha's OTHER hand, go to the top of my head. She now TOTALLY wants to use me. My mouth is her place to cum in. I don't fight her in the slightest, I don't object to what she wants. I never will. I let my big sister grab my head, and she thrusts her pussy into my mouth over and over. Her juices are so sloppy, all over my mouth & chin. I'm enjoying this, letting my big sister pump me. This is what I was born to do. Samantha's pussy hair and her clit fill and smear all over my lips, to satisfy her every desire.
"Nnnnnnngh fuck. You're such a perverted little brother. I need CUM in your mouth, to teach you a lesson."
She says. I try to look up to agree, but she just PUSHES my head back down to between her legs.
"Shut the the fuck up, while eating sister's pussy. You're tasting MY cum. You know how special it is. I only produce this liquid for you. Even when it's in my panties, you need to start CHECKING THEM, and lick them all clean everyday."
She says to me. My eyes widen from the shock. Did Samantha tell me, I need to start cleaning her panties? All of the girls erupt as loudly as possible. Like they just ENJOYED hearing Samantha's demand. My big sister she pushing her vagina, deep into my mouth over and over. I can hear her growling, and breathing heavy. I know my responsibility, I know what I'm supposed to do. I let her grip my head and hair as hard as she wants. I let her rub pussy all over my face, whereever that she wants. She is in control of me. She is my queen. I open my mouth as wide as I can, waiting for her deepest pussy cum.
"Ahhh fuck that's it! That's it Danny I'm... Mmmm yes. Eat it... eat it... eat it good, I'm GONNA..."
Samantha cries out. Her hips keep SLAMMING her pussy into my mouth. I can hear my big sister screaming, as I beging eating up her delicious orgasm. I do not relent in the slighest. I keep tasting all of the slick feminine liquid, that my beautiful older sister, is being gracious enough to give to me. She keeps my head in both of her hands, as her hips begin to buck with less authority now. I keep licking at her pussy, making aboslutely sure, not to give ANY attention to anything else in the world right now. She is mine. She is my only concern. My beautiful older sister's pussy, is mine to eat, and I'm gonna get it all.
"Mmmmm he didn't disagree. Samantha said, Danny needs to start cleaning out her panties. I'm down for that. That's a GREAT IDEA. Danny should start cleaning out ALL of our panties, anytime they get dirty, with his TONGUE."
Cindy then says. I pull my face out from Samantha's thighs, to look over at my GF for what she had just said. But then Samantha YANKS my head back into her vagina. She obviously didn't give me permission, to take my head out from her precious pussy.
"Who the fuck told you to stop eating it. You eat sister's pussy, as long as I need it. I don't care even if you are MARRIED one day. You still eat sister's pussy, whenever and whereever she needs it."
Samantha says down to me, with the utmost supreme confidence. She doesn't have to say it like that does she? Damn that'd be kinda fucked up. If I were to get married oneday, she'd STILL demand that I eat her pussy, so she can cum. What if that were to happen on my wedding day? Would she make me eat her pussy, right before getting married? I dont want to think about it. I keep my face between my big sister's legs. The taste has gotten even BETTER. Her orgasm juices, are like the BEST thing ever. Just so feminine... slightly sweet. Samantha still keeps both of her hands on top of my head, while I continue to lick up, and swallow all of the juice that is presented before me.
"Good boy... You're so good. You need to always be there for me, whenever I need you. I can't cum with anybody else. Only you and YOUR tongue, Do you understand me? You always need to service me COMPLETELY, so I can get my all of my cum to leak out."
Samantha says to me with praise. It is then I pull my head back, my mouth COMPLETELY soaked with her juices. I don't say anything to her, I just look up to her beautiful face, and then smile. This cum of my sister's. is truly like nothing I've ever swallowed. It puts a strangement EXCITEMENT in my heart. I lick around my lips, trying to get every bit of it's flavor. All of the girls cheer me on, tasting my elder sisters cum. They are encouraging me to do it, they want me to keep going, and I continue to do so without abandon. I will clean up, all of my sister's cum.
"Me Me Me! Me next Danny... Don't you care how I feel? I finally agreed to be your GIRLFRIEND, after all these years. Don't you even care about me anymore?"
I hear Cindy call out to me. I look over at Cindy, while still feeling Samantha's cum on my mouth. I feel some of it drip off, onto my chest as I look. Cindy is returning my gaze, with a slight look of sadness across her face. I actually start to crawl over to my girlfriend. She's had to watch me, play with all of the other girls before her. My head lowers to the ground a bit, as I crawl over to her. It's true, she WAS the last in line. This little stature girl who I've been chasing my entire life, actually got chosen LAST out of all of the girls I've messed with here. I can't even believe, I made this decision now that I've thought about it. Cindy should have been FIRST, not the last one that I messed with. Making it nearly over to her, I hear a loud WAPAP! Sound.
"AhhhhhhhhAAAAAAHHHHHH!"
I scream out, for all of the world the hear. All of the girls absolutely explode, including Cindy at my pain from my buttocks. It was my SISTER of all people, it was my big sister, who had just struck me on the buttocks.
"Choosing your own girlfriend last. THAT'S WHAT YOU GET Danny, now let that be a lesson for you."
I hear my big sister say, confidently from behind me. My ass is completely fucking RED from that strike. I can totally tell that it is. Samantha had hit me harder, than any of the other girls today. I can barely crawl a few more feet, to where Cindy actually is. I almost feel paralyzed from the pain. Not only that, but the shame of the decision I had just made earlier, choosing my own girlfriend last, to be with her today.
"You really are the worst Danny. I can't believe I actually decided, to allow you to be my boyfriend."
Cindy says down to me. I look up at her cute face, to see a stern yet playful smile coming from her.
"I'm really last? But you say you want to be MY husband? How can I believe you, when you literally CHEATED on me, and even chose me LAST to be with."
She says. Cindy then crosses her arms, and looks away from me. My head immediately drops down, and looks towards the earth. It's true... it's not a lie, Cindy was the LAST one I've made it over to. I attempt to look back up to her, but my head just lowers instantly back to the ground.
"Oh dear this is interesting. Danny has been looking at my tits quite a bit lately."
Ms Tasha then says.
"Yeah. I've noticed he's been looking at my ASS, a lot lately too... nasty ungrateful freshmen. Too damn horny for his own good."
Tammy responds next snarkily.
"Prince are you going to cheat on me too?"
"Is it true? Are you the type, who can not be faithful to any one woman, young Prince?"
Victoria & Anastasia ask out to me.
"Just an unfaithful little bug. You'd probably cheat on ME, if I were to become your girlfriend."
My sister says down to me. My dick begins to twitch yet again for some reason. What does Samantha mean, if she were to become my girlfriend. She is my SISTER after all. I can't help but then notice, the smell of Samantha's pussy heavy on my breath. God it DOES smell amazing... even though I look like a complete scumbag, here on the ground. Busted as not showing the proper respect, and care for the girl I said that I loved.
"Are you... are you smelling your BREATH Danny? Did you ENJOY eating something just now?"
Cindy says down to me. I look up at her, with Samantha's cum still covering my mouth. My expression is one of shock and apology. My sisters cum is literally hanging from my chin.
"I... I'm sorry Cindy. I wish it were YOUR cum, I was having the privilege to eat. Even your ass too if you would have liked. Both of them smells, and tastes better than ANY of the other girls here. I'm being honest."
I say to her. It was a complete lie I have to admit. My Sister's cum excites me, in such a lewd way. Ms Tasha and Tammy are absolute 10s. But Anastasia and Victoria, are so God damned EXOTIC & unpredictable. They both are like two succubus, that I could never pull away from, even if I tried. I really can't rank any of them, clearly above the other.
Cindy's arms become unfolded. Her stern expression, lightens up a little bit. Her normal playful smile, is starting to shine past her stern expression, a little bit more.
"Really? I'm the best out of all of them?"
Cindy then asks me. I nod my head in agreement, with Samantha's cum still hanging off of my chin. Cindy then places one of her feet up, onto the swing she was just sitting in. She motions me over to her, as close as I can get.
"Then come here..."
Cindy says in the most seductive voice, I have EVER heard come from her. I do immediate as I was told. I crawl over to my slightly upset girlfriend, and crawl under her parted legs. She points one of her fingers, right at her ass hole. I need no instruction, I place my hands on her leg, and I give her ass a kiss, right in front of the rest of the girls. I take a few sniffs at Cindy's musky ass enterance. Cindy has given me a chance, a chance to PROVE I will always be loyal to her. I hadn't licked any of the other girls asses out here, but I damn well, will do it for my girlfriend.
"Mmmmmm... kiss it some more. And lick off any of the dirtiness, down there for me Danny."
My girlfriend seductively commands.
"Yes ma'am..."
I respond to her, before immediately focusing the entirety of my attention, of my girlfriend's ass hole, that I had been stupidly neglecting. My tongue goes immediately to her butt hole. The tart bitter taste, immediately assaults my senses. Her ass IS musky, it IS bitter, there is no doubt here. But it's what I WANT to taste. I WANT the smell and taste of my girlfriend's asshole in my mouth. I then widen out my tongue. I spread it out as far as possible, before stroke up all the way up her ass, to it's crack.
"Mmmmmmmmm... fuck..."
I hear Cindy moan above me. I pull my head back, and give her a kiss on her asshole, before plunging my face back in. I take some quick, audible, deep breaths of her ass scent. And kiss her ass hole again, before licking it all the way up and down, over and over. Cindy's ass hole is mine. I HAVE to take care of it. I don't give a fuck, that all of the other girls are watching me do this. Fuck them, I HAVE to make Cindy happy the rest of her life.
"Does it taste good Danny?"
I hear my beloved Cindy say down to me.
"Yes my love. Your ass hole is truly the best taste in the world."
I respond clearly to her. I hear audible moans, and sounds of discontent from the other women, as I praise Cindy CLEARLY in front of them.
"Is my ass hole the best?"
Cindy then asks down to me. I need no moment to hesitate, only what my heart feels at the moment.
"Fuck yessss... None of the other girls, can even COMPETE with the flavor of YOUR ass hole darling."
I say to her. Causing her to laugh at the rest of the girls, in an arrogant tone. She then reaches down to the back of my head, and holds onto it, while guiding my head, up and down the length of her entire ass crack. I fucking LOVE this. My girlfriend is using me. My tongue is becoming her toilet paper. I was clean off ANY of the scent, that her sweaty ass hole, has mustered. I will clean it all, I will make Cindy feel good. This is TRULY the girl that I love, and I always have, I will live the rest of my life, dedicated to serving the needs her ass hole has. Cindy continues to wipe my face up and down, and I feel her pushing back against my face, with her soft ass. It feels like she's getting hornier, just from the feeling of me licking her butt hole in the park.
"Oooohhhhhh... Danny... keep doing it. It's making me..."
My girlfriend then beckons from above me. I need no further instruction. Only serving my girlfriend's needs. I can hear the rest of the girls, now beginning to cheer. I take both of my hands, and pull Cindy's ass open wide. The smell down here grows even more powerful. Her ass scent in on COMPLETE display, for me to enjoy. I pause only for a second, to full take in her aroma. My poor girlfriend. Her ass must have gotten sweaty, from sitting in the van seat for too long. I immediately go back to my dute. Cindy's ass is the most important thing in the WORLD. Keeping her ass open, I immediately go back to circling my tongue around her precious spot. It's still tart. It's bitterness engulfs the taste on my tongue. Cindy keeps pushing her ass backwards. I widen my tongue back out, and wipe her ass hole up and down, trying to get it clean.
"OHHHHHH... Danny more..."
Cindy gives me her praise. I kiss both sides of her butt cheeks, and begin licking ALL THE WAY, from her pussy to her ass hole now. Cindy's legs begin to shake from the change. I now attack my girlfriend's pussy as well. It IS wet... it really IS. Licking her ass hole, must have really turned Cindy on. I now target her sticky moist vagina, lashing at her clit as hard as I can, bringing out any of the juices she was hiding in here from me.
"AHHHHH!"
Cindy cries out. It is more than obvious, she's enjoy her personal attention. I should have been doing this from the start, but my stupid brain, led me over to the other girls first. I take Cindy's pussy right into my mouth, and suck on it. Her drips from her pussy fall onto my tongue. It's great. I try to catch all of the cum, from her twitching vagina. I slurp on it, as I pull her pussy out of my mouth, then go back to lapping at her ass hole. My girlfriend is beginning to shiver, I must be bringing her close. I lap up and down at her booty hole briefly, then go to moving circles around it, trying to taste as much ASS from Cindy, as much as I possibly can.
"MORE... My PUSSY Danny! EAT IT... Please!"
My girlfriend cries. Her tone signals to me, I HAVE to do this. My girlfriend is crying out to me, I HAVE to catch all over orgasm inside of my mouth. I instantly pull back off of her asshole. There is a long strand of my spit, going from her ass enterance to my mouth. I make my way back down to Cindy's pussy. I begin to slurp on it, and shake my mouth a bit, giving her a bit of vibration. Cindy's breaths become heavier and heavier. The femininie taste of her pussy, grows THICKER in my mouth. She now begins to buck at my face with her hips. Droplet after drop falls into my mouth. Her cums taste, is quite distinctive from Samantha's . I left my girlfriend continue to hold onto my head. Her hips continue to push into me, as I let her use my mouth for her cum rag, as much as she wants.
"Nnnnnn... MMMMMmmmm... HNNNNNNN... Oh Danny... FUCK"
Cindy screams out. Suddenly I feel a burst of liquid, blast into my mouth. Cindy begins screaming out so loudly, that all of the girls are sounding off in amazement. Cindy is screaming like a banshee, the liquid pouring into my mouth, isn't just her cum I can tell. Cindy came so hard, she is starting to piss right into me. I do not flinch, or move away for a second. This watery, yet somewhat spicy liquid, falls across all the upper row of my teach. Her flavor is different, from Tammy's, Ms Tasha's OR Victoria's that I've tasted today. Cindy just lets it all out in earnest, she CAN'T even seem to hold it in, even if she tried. This cute nerdy girl that I've pledged to be with, is now just uriniating FREELY into my mouth. I swallow down the piss, and let her urinate more into my mouth. I don't even try to spill even a little. Though we are both outdoors, and I'm sure it would be good for the earth, my greediness has set in, I want ALL of Cindy's piss for MY mouth. I gulp it down hard, over and over... My girlfriend knowing she can use my mouth anytime, looks back and down on me, while allowing all of her urine to fall into me from above. Her scream begins to slow to a trickle. I swallow the hot urine, as she continues to relieve her pussy in my mouth openly. Soon the flow of her piss then leads to a stop. I swallow the last of it quickly, while Cindy still continues to hold onto my head. She is holding it still, making sure she gives ALL of the last droplets to me. I do not fight back, I remain absolutely still. I do feel about 4 little drops, fall onto my tongue. I am so grateful, my girlfriend has used me to her desire. I know her pussy is completely empty. She was KIND of enough to me, to forgive my infidelity, and let me have her piss to drink.
"Much better boy..."
Cindy seductively says down to me. She releases my head, and I pull back a bit. I look back up at her, who is now looking down back on me confidently. Before I say anything, someone else chimes in.
"Car!"
We all hear Victoria say. As all of the girls, then make a naked dash towards the van. Cindy takes off as well, and I get up to run as well. All of the girls make it to Ms Tasha's vehicle, but my clumsy ass, trips and falls due to my pants being around my ankles.
"Come on Danny!"
I hear Cindy call out to me, from inside the van. I pick my ass back up, and run back to the vehicle. Diving inside Ms Tasha's van, before Anastasia pulls the door shut.
"Well I guess that was enough excitement, for one moment."
Ms Tasha giggles, then turning on her van, and preparing for us to head back out from the park.
"Are... are we almost there?"
I ask, inquiring about our destination.
"Yep. We're almost to Tasha and me's hometown. Not too much further from here. We can do a little shopping there, probably not draw too much attention baby."
Tammy then responds. Ahhh OK, so THAT'S where we're heading. Guess it MIGHT have looked a bit suspicious, for all of us to be walking around togheter, where somebody from campus might see us. Wait... did she just call me...baby?
"I can not wait. Getting to be in a new envoirnment, with my young Prince."
Anastasia chimes in, turning towards me smiling. I smile back at her out of sheer instict. This older Goth girl DID just give me, one of the BEST orgasms I've ever had in my entire life.
"Any time spent together with my Prince, is always amazing. I promise you, I will get better my Prince. I will be able to take your Royal cock, even better than Anastasia's oneday."
Victoria then says, placing one of her hands against my chest. I don't even know what to say to that. I guess she's still a little bummed, that she couldn't suck on my dick as well as Anastasia did.
"This should be FUN at least. WE get to get away from Campus, and we're all together with Danny... Maybe you should keep my CUM around your mouth, the entire time huh? Or maybe I'll pretend to be your GIRLFRIEND, while we're out of town."
Samantha then teases me.
"Girlfriend!?"
The rest of the girls say in unison. Looking shocked at what, my big sister had just said.
"No! He's mine... Danny is going to be mine forever."
Cindy then shouts. Holding tightly, onto one of my arms in the Van. My breath totally smells, like the girls pussies and their asses. I don't mind it though. I'm just happy we're all together. We'll see what happens out of town, so long as we all stick together, we'll get through this situation OK.
"Well... we're off..."
Ms Tasha then says. Backing her van out of the parking spot, and then heading towards the park exit. Who know's what'll happen out of town, but one thing's for certain... things sure won't be dull, with THESE girls around me.