My head was still spinning from what Becky had just said. Her boyfriend, Brad, and mine had been frequenting the strip club on the other side of town. I could hardly believe Aaron would go to such a place. We had known each other almost five years, been dating for two, and sleeping together for the past year. We were even talking about getting jobs in the same city and moving in together after graduation, maybe even getting married.
"Well, I don't care where Aaron gets his appetite, as long as he eats at home." I heard myself say, repeating what my older cousin had said about her husband looking at porno magazines. The words seemed as empty as they did when she said them.
"Really? You don't care?" my roommate replied.
"I'd rather he didn't, but what's the harm?" I said, while in the back of my mind I was thinking it was likely Brad's idea anyway. It seemed he was always pushing or dragging people into doing something.
"I'm pissed. Why should he be looking at other women like that! What do they have that I don't?"
"Have you confronted him about it?" I asked.
"Ya, and he said it was no big deal, just a little T&A show and that amateur night was pretty funny sometimes. When I asked him how he would feel if I went with him he said 'any time', but when I asked how he would feel if I were the one up their dancing naked in front of other guys he said he would never allow it."
"So, what are you going to do about it?"
"I don't know. I love him, so I don't want to break up. After all, the sex is still good. I thought of hiring a male stripper for a party and making sure Brad knew about it. Give him a dose of his own."
"That might be fun, but I don't think that would phase him at all. I think you would have to do something more." I suggested.
"You mean fuck some other guy?"
"Oh, no. I wouldn't go that far, just something to make him take notice. If you don't want to lose him I don't think you want to give him an excuse to dump you." I counseled, trying to think of how I was going to handle things with Aaron.
"Maybe if we showed up on stage at amateur night it would get their attention." Becky countered. "Would you do it?"
With a gleam in her eye she grabbed her phone and dialed Brad's number.
"Hi Sweetie, where are you?" she cooed.
"Which one? Maybe Tracy and I can come join you guys." she probed.
"What's that I hear about 'take it off'?!? Are you at that strip club?" Sounding a little upset.
"Why are you there? ... What do you mean 'no big deal'? ... What do you mean it's a 'guy thing'? ... I don't buy it ... I don't care if it is amateur night! Would you want me dancing naked like that? ... Ok, then why is it fine for other girls and not me? ... Don't bother coming over tonight then!" and with that she finally hung up the phone.
"That asshole!"
"Calm down a bit." I said. Becky was always flying off the handle at every little thing, overly jealous about anything or anyone that Brad did separate from her. "So what if he is at the stripper bar. It's not like he's fucking them."
"I don't care. I just don't like the idea of him looking at other girls that way. What am I anyway, chopped liver? I ought to go down there and show him a thing or two from the stage of that dive."
"Now, slow down. You don't want to rush into anything." I cautioned, aware of the buzz I was feeling from the wine I had been enjoying. Her last statement struck a cord deep within me, touching on one of my long secret fantasies - to get naked in front of a bunch of guys. I'd had repeated dreams of stripping at a frat party, a bachelor's party, and even on stage at a club. She was on the edge of doing something impulsive, and similar to hasty reactions that had cost her a previous boyfriend. I was amazed that Brad hadn't bolted either after nearly six months with her.
"Ya, well Aaron is there too. Doesn't that bother you at all?"
I cringed. I hadn't thought of that. I could hardly believe Aaron would go to such a place. Not once had he gone to a strip club or to a party with a stripper, at least that I knew of anyway. We had known each other almost five years, been dating for two, and sleeping together for the past year. We were even talking about getting jobs in the same city and moving in together after graduation, maybe even getting married. It was shocking to realize the different facets and implications of fulfilling this fantasy, and what other things Aaron and I had not shared.
"Well, I don't care where Aaron gets his appetite, as long as he eats at home." I heard myself say, repeating what my older cousin had said about her husband looking at porno magazines. The words seemed as empty as they did when she said them. I could feel the anger and doubt start to build inside, contrary to what I had just said, because Aaron had not told me about this. Just as strong was the feeling of excitement in living out the fantasy, and having Aaron be a part of it.
"That's bullshit!" Becky fired back. "I'm going to change and go down there."
With that she bolted off to her room. Crap. She was going to go. I couldn't let her go alone, that would be a disaster. A surge of adrenaline surged through my body as by the possibility of fulfilling my fantasy could be at hand. Getting up from the couch I headed to my room. What does a girl wear to a strip club? Definitely not the sweats and t-shirt I had on. I stripped off my sweats as I looked at my closet, contemplating what to wear as if I were really going to be stripping.
"You have to wear more than that. Hurry up so we can go." Becky commanded as she appeared in my doorway, brushing her hair.
She was wearing her red "fuck me" dress. I hadn't seen her wear it since she bought it and wore it to a Pimp-n-Ho party in the middle of the summer. It was a tight fitting tube dress with openings on the sides that barely left enough material to hide her bra and panties, if they were worn at all. It was clear she was wearing a lace bra and matching bikini bottoms this time.
"They're going to think you're one of the strippers wearing that." I commented, as I pulled out a mini skirt and tossed it on my bed.
"Good, maybe he will pay attention to me then."
Not responding to that comment, I picked out a tank top and blouse to match the skirt. I changed from my plain bra and panties to the lacy set that I had just gotten as a surprise for Aaron. The set came with both a thong and bikini brief, which were perfect for maintaining the fantasy in my head. Slipping on the thong could feel my juices beginning to flow, layering on the bikini bottoms.
"Ok, let's go." I said after looking in the mirror and grabbing my ID and some cash off my desk, shoving them in my pocket.
"Finally!" Becky grumbled.
I don't know why, but we took Becky's car and she drove worse than usual. Weaving in and out of traffic, nearly running a couple red lights. By some miracle we passed the sign marking the city limit without getting pulled over, and pulled into the club parking lot. There were about two dozen cars in the lot and the lighted sign by the road read "Tues Nite = Amateurs $100 1st prize". Becky parked in the empty spot next to Brad's car.
"That little shit." she muttered as we got out of the car.
We could hear the music coming from the club as we walked toward the door. Becky was stomping ahead like a woman on a mission, while I tried to keep up. I had a nervous feeling with more adrenaline adding to my buzz, not knowing what really to expect as Becky opened the door, nor exactly what I would do.
"Well, hello ladies!" greeted the bouncer just inside the door. "Here to show us your dance moves on stage or just have a drink and a chance to get lucky?"
I looked out over the room, surprised by the large number of people and that about a third of the crowd was women. There was a thirty something girl dancing topless on a stage at the far side of the room. Mostly guys had chairs pulled up to the counter and ringed the stage. Some were waving money as she danced by, stopping long enough to shake her saggy tits while they stuffed the bills under the elastic of her thong.
Oh God, that was Aaron and Brad that just tipped her. Becky was staring in the same direction. I was a bit numb, seeing the pleasure filled expression on Aaron's face.
"Dancing!" Becky replied, while I just smiled as my head spun.
"Great! Mandy, take these girls around back and get them set up. We can just squeeze them in."
Numbly I followed Becky and Mandy back behind the bar and into the back room, not actually having answered the bouncer's question. Was I really doing this? Excitement surged in me as we passed storage cabinets and a set of lockers lining the walls. There were six other girls, or I should say women sitting around chatting. They ranged in age from twenties to maybe forties. Most were just sitting there topless, like they just came off the sage, clothes piled under their chair or stuffed in a bag.
"Hey ladies, we have two new contestants, so it will be a bit longer." Mandy announced.
"Let me see your IDs. You can use any of the open lockers for your stuff, Jerry will watch it." Mandy prompted.
We each handed over our ID. She dropped them on the copy machine in turn, then pushed the copied pages at us with a pen. "Ok, sign here."
I started to skim the page, "...I hereby certify that I am eighteen..."
"Come on honey, just sign. We don't have much time if you want to dance tonight. You are the last two." Mandy prodded.
Becky was already handing the signed paper back as I signed.
"Ok, girls. Here's the list of songs you can pick from. You keep any tips you get. You have to stick around for the vote parade, if you want a chance to win the $100. If you are bashful, there are face masks over there, but no one has ever won keeping the mask on. Oh, and be sure to collect all your stuff off the stage when you are done. Any questions?"
We shook our heads to indicate 'no'.
"Good, now tell Jerry over there the song you want and name for the introduction. You can use your real name or make up another. Be sure to wait for your name to be called before going out."
We squeezed past the other women and stood next to Jerry. He was a large man, fat by any standard, sitting on a stool next to the curtain that led to the stage. Next to him was a CD changer and a microphone.
"What can I do for you?" he asked.
"I guess I am up next," said Becky. "I'll go with this song." She pointed to the list.
"Ok, what's your name dear?"
"Bobbie" she replied, reaching over and grabbing a mask off the wall.
He nodded his head and peeked out the curtain. "You have about one minute. When you get out on stage you will see a green light above the normal white lights. When it turns yellow your time is half over. When the yellow light flashes you have one minute. When it flashes red you only have thirty seconds."
I could see the light he described, just over the curtain, it was flashing yellow. A moment later it flashed red and the music ended. I grabbed a mask and slipped it on, just as the cheer ended and the girl came through the curtain.
"Next up we have Bonnie! Ya, I lied when I said Sandy would be our last amateur tonight. We actually have another girl after Bonnie too, so let's keep the party rolling!" Jerry waived Becky to get out on the sage.
As soon as she was through the curtain there was a cheer and Jerry started the music.
"You know your song yet, Sweetie?" Jerry asked me.
"How about you pick me a winner?"
"Sure thing." he replied, peeking out the curtain at Becky.
I stood their fidgeting, glancing up at the light to track the count down. The butterflies were really jumping in my stomach. Would reality match my fantasy? In a way I hardly knew how I got to this point, silly as that sounds. It reminded me of cheerleading in high school, on a last minute whim I did as Jenny. Now I was doing what Becky did, just this time I would be mostly naked at the end, not just slightly embarrassed like at the end of cheer tryouts. Looking up one more time I saw the light flashing red.
"Ok, Sweetie, you're up. What's your name?"
"Trina" I replied.
"Thank you sooo much Bonnie! Now make ready for the last amateur of the night, Trina!"
Becky came through the curtain, mask off and a huge grin on her face.
"You should have seen Brad's face when I took the mask off!!"