May couldn't get enough exhibitionism. Her next escapade took place at home, with her dad. Her dad was mid 30s and handsome, and hit the gym everywhere to stay in shape. She thought that he was pretty sexy.
She was in the shower when she heard him arrive. However, as she had loud music on, she decided to pretend she hadn't heard him come in. She got out of her shower and headed into her room, toweling off. Once there, she started dressing. As she stood in her panties and nothing else, facing away from the door, her dad walked in to say hello. He got a great view of her pantie-clad ass, and ducked out quickly with and "I'm sorry!"
Later that night, when the two were watching a movie together, she decided to continue. They were both under one blanket, laying oppositely, with her feet towards him, and his , hers. She stealthily reached down and wiggled her and shorts panties down. Now, her dad's hand was less than two feet from her pussy. He could have reached out and touch it. He did brush against her bare buns one or twice, but that was passable as her thighs, due to her short shorts.
May found this superbly erotic, and left a wet spot on the couch when she got up.
She decided to sleep that night topless. After going to sleep, she tossed her pajama top off the bed, revealing her breasts. She set a quiet alarm for about 10 minutes before her dad would wake her up; she wanted to be awake.
The next morning, she hopped awake as soon as her alarm went off, charged with sexual energy. She picked up her top and dropped it next to her pillow, making sure it looked as though it had come off in the middle of the night. When her father came in, she looked to be sleeping perfectly normally. He didn't see her top before he tapped her on the shoulder and softly said, "May... Time to get up..."
May, mumbling, slowly rolled over. She left her blanket behind, and lay there, breasts bare, in front of her dad. She could hardly keep the charade going, she was so horny. Her father, after pausing uncomfortably, left the room, and shouted from the stairs, "Breakfast in ten minutes!"
May changed into just a large shirt. It was long enough to go a few inches below her butt, but thin enough to be slightly transparent. She had nothing on under it, so it offered good opportunities for flashing her dad.
When she got downstairs, her father was already sitting down. "Could you grab the juice, may?"
She acquiesced as she walked over to the cabinet. She picked a glass from the very top shelf, which caused her shirt to ride up over most of her ass, taunting her father. Then, May picked a second glass from the very bottom cabinet, under the counter. She didn't bend her knees at all, again giving her father another great rear view.
After pouring the drinks, she walked over behind her father, and pulled her shirt way up, over her boobs. She pressed them into his back, while rubbing his shoulders, and asked in a sultry, "Anything else I can do while I'm up?"
"I'm good, thanks" he replied, spoiling her fun without even turning around.
The rest of breakfast was relatively tame. After it, however, the pair went over to watch some tv. May sat down on her father's lap, so that her bare ass was on his crotch. Throughout the show, she softly ground her wet pussy into him. She was soon rewarded with the feel of a large cock pressed against her butt. By the time the tv show was finished, he had quite a wet spot on his pants from her pussy.
Embarrassed, he quickly went upstairs, into his room, claiming he wanted a shower. She had had enough exhibitionism for one day, and went upstairs to her room to change into some more appropriate clothes.
Later they day, they were going to the movies. May was dressed fairly conservatively, in jeans and a t-shirt. However, what her dad did not know was that she had no panties or a bra on under her outfit. They each bought drinks and tickets, and headed into the theater. They sat in the back, and waited through the previews.
Once the lights dimmed and the movie started, may kicked her plan into gear. She 'accidentally' spilled her Coke all over herself. Squealing softly, she looked down, and said "NOW what am I supposed to do? I can't sit in these clothes! I'll be soaked!"
Her dad responded, "Take them off then. I'm sureyouwouldn't feel uncomfortable in your underwear."
"That's a great idea!" May said.
She pulled off her top, exposing her tits, and then stood up to take off her jeans.
Her father, astonished, said, "May!" in a loud voice.
At this, half the theater turned and looked back, and saw May standing up in the dim light, topless. At this wide audience, she was instantly wet. Once she was nude, she sat back down, and they watched the movie. The people in her row seemed to have to go to the bathroom much more often, and they always seemed to pass by her. One even tripped and nearly fell, but caught himself by grabbing her legs; this got his face right in her boobs.
By the end of the movie, she dressed and the pair headed home.
May had one last trick to pull before the day was done. She dressed in her shortest skirt, and a small t-shirt, and went to bed. About an hour later, she got up, and walked into her father's room, saying, "Dad, I can't get to sleep. Can I stay here for the night?"
"Sure, honey, if you'd like," he sleepily responded
She climbed into his bed, wearing her extremely skimpy outfit. She waited until his breathing slowed, then quietly peeled her skirt down her legs, and her top over her head. She then snuggled up to him, completely nude, and fell fast asleep quickly. She could only imagine what would happen the next morning.