Pete and Traci had hosted one very wild sex party and had the video to prove it. Pete had become obsessed with the Traci fuck vids. He couldn't get over how transcendent she was on the screen. You couldn't look away.
So he suggested a subscription website in her name and stocked with her encounters.
"It would be so fucking hot, and we could get Aaron to maybe help with the filming. And you know guys would line up to do you and you know you'd love every second of it. You'd be a star!"
"Okay, Pete. When did you stop being my husband and become my producer?"
"Since I watched those videos."
"Look, we joined the club to enhance our sex lives not make me a porn star. No, the videos stay in house and we enjoy ourselves like we have been."
"How about this then? We sell the videos on the Slut Wife Club website to draw more members. I asked Casey about it and he loves the idea. He said the national group would go nuts once they saw you. You'd be like the poster girl for the club."
"You never quite had me but you lost me completely at Casey. You of all people. Casey? Pete, I know you're riding a high right now but you're getting goofy. How about we go to the Saturday event, have fun and go home?"
"Okay, but I can see it now, your picture with a naughty look and, "Hi, I'm Traci. Become a member so we can hook up," or this, "Hi, I'm Traci and I want you and that hot slut you're keeping at home to cum join us."
"You, Pete, are a nut job. I know you're appealing to my exhibitionist side but there are limits to where I wanna go with this. And another thing, why do you want tons of guys jerking off to my videos?"
"Cause I have a hotwife and I love showing you off and I know you'd love showing off at your own dot com."
"Guilty as charged but let's put the video idea on hold for now."
***
During the week Traci went grocery shopping and ran into Eric. This was something she had always feared because in the right environment it was a turn on but in the day to day there was no comfortable way to process that person who she had fucked multiple times. It was awkward and even talking to him felt strange.
The other complication was that she was hugely attracted to him and afraid to have an encounter outside of she and Pete. Even saying hello felt like a betrayal of sorts. The other side of the problem was that he felt the same way.
Now the overriding concern wasn't that she would want to divorce Pete and steal Eric away from Monique. It was more immediate than that. Her fear was she would want to fuck him in the grocery store bathroom or a motel or wherever, outside the club because then it would be something different. Pete wouldn't be a part of that and it would feel like cheating.
As they stood in the grocery aisle together there was a palpable nervousness on both sides. And how do you socially manage an intimacy of that intensity in a public space?
"Hey, Eric, has Monique got you out doing the heavy lifting?" she said, struggling to engage in small talk and including his wife in the conversation.
"Ya, I got sent on a mission because we have no food in the fridge. Is Pete with you?"
She didn't want to answer a normally harmless question but kept her game face on. "No, I'm pretty much doing what you're doing...avoiding another Donner's Pass situation."
He laughed at her joke but would have preferred to rip off her clothes and fuck her in front of the cereal boxes. "Well I should keep moving. Monique's hungry. I'll likely see you on another aisle anyway."
"See you Saturday?" she asked, beginning to move away, deliberately pushing her cart the opposite direction from him.
"Ya, see you then," he said. "Say hello to Pete."
But the gods of fate kept playing with them and every turn seemed to bring them together again. Traci decided to make a break once and for all and headed to the parking lot to go to another store. What she didn't realize was that he was thinking the same and as she went for her car door, so did he and, of course, they were parked next to one another.
At first they laughed at the cruel discomfort but that faded away as they stood face to face and he said, "Follow me." Without hesitation he led her to a dark and empty part of the parking garage. There she got in his car and sucked his cock until he came in her mouth "Mmmmmfffff"and she hid the evidence and swallowed his cum.
Saying nothing she got back in her car and drove to another store.
***
All the way home Traci tried to minimize the transgression by telling herself it was only a blowjob, she hadn't fucked him. She kept chipping away at the incident but she knew she'd broken the rules of the arrangement.
She just decided to never mention it again and, more importantly, don't ever do it again. The irony of it all was that she could fuck 50 guys a night as long as Pete was with her.
She was a slut but a slut with rules.
***
Saturday night and Traci got to play dress up once again. She never got tired of transforming herself into a sex popsicle. Even if the clothes would quickly end up on the floor she loved making them drool.
Her calling card was her long, shapely legs, the gateway to her constantly humming pussy. Slit skirts, lace knee length stockings and stilettos were the usual adornments. All she wanted to say was 'fuck me'.
What made her so volatile was her hair trigger orgasm mechanism. The slightest thought got her wet and the least provocation got her off.
Pete dressed in the uniform, as he called it. For some reason the men were confined to a suit and tie but no leisure wear to keep the debauchery classy.
"Do I need to tell you how beautiful you look?" he asked.
"Only if you want to get laid later," she said playfully.
"Seriously, Traci, how did I end up with the most perfect woman in the world?"
"Oh, Pete, stop. I'm far from perfect."
When she said that she was apologizing for something he wasn't even aware of. She had to admit to herself that it wasn't love that drew her to blow Eric but the impossible task of keeping her lust in check. If it had two legs and a cock, she wanted it.
Before Slut Wife Club the opportunity wasn't so easily there but now the availability and the gravitational pull were irresistible.
***
As always, Traci led the procession into the ballroom, resplendent in not much more than lingerie. The men stood at attention..."Traci!! Oh girl." "Traci!! Gotta have you tonight!" Those now familiar greetings defined her ego for the evening.
Casey and another man approached her. "Traci, this is Robert and he's head of the national organization that manages all the clubs across the country. We'd like a little meeting if you don't mind."
"Sure," she said, looking around and waiting for Pete to catch up. "Honey, Casey and Robert from the national want a meeting about something," turning back to them, "and I assume my husband is part of this?"
"Certainly," said Robert, "if he wants to be."
Traci and Pete followed them out of the ballroom to one of the hotel rooms where they sat at a table. Robert handed them some club material, "This is what we distribute now, mostly email form like you've probably seen, but as you can see it's flat and boring. Casey brought our attention to you, Traci. He sent us some pictures and we were blown away."
"Where'd you get the pictures?!" said a surprised Traci.
"They were the ones your husband sent us when you joined," said Casey.
"Right," said Robert, "but let me show you a rough mock-up of what we could do."
He handed her some of the ideas on poster board and while she studied them Robert studied her. "You'd become the poster girl for the club and if we're guessing right it should increase membership greatly. Plus we'd ask you to occasionally fly to one of our sites and cause some excitement. Casey told me you're a master at that."
"If I did that I'd need my husband with me."
"Of course, it's called Slut Wife Club so we'd need a husband. Although, if Pete couldn't make it a stand in might work since all the men will be looking at you anyway."
"I don't know about this..."
"Also, you no longer pay any club expenses and you get a stipend to shop wherever you're visiting and all expenses paid. If we expand so does your bank account."
"Pete?"
"Well, baby, I'm not sure either but what if we try it and have an opt out clause if it's not working."
"Okay, I'll try it with the opt out. You'll put that in the contract?"
"Sure," said Robert, "but we retain the rights to all published material used before the opt out. Also, I hear there's some video of Traci in action."
Traci gave Pete a look. "We're not using that," she said definitively.
"Well if you change your mind I'd be willing to sweeten the pot. Now...just one more thing...hope you don't mind but I'd like to sample the Queen of Sluts if that's okay with you, Pete?"
"You wanna fuck my wife now?"
"Yes, and you can stay and watch if you like. This is just to consummate the deal. Hehe."
"Traci?" asked Pete.
"He's a good looking guy and if his cock looks as nice then the answer would be yes."
Robert stood up next to her face, undid his belt and unzipped his fly. When he took down his underwear, his big cock fell on the side of her face.
"I think that'll do," she said with a sexy voice. She got hold of his shaft and took him in her mouth. She slurped and licked and gagged as his rod got even harder. With a flick of her agile tongue she removed the precum from the tip of his prick.
"Nice, Traci, very talented," as she emerged for air. The next time he pulled her head, burying himself down her throat for what seemed like forever. When he let her up long thick strands of saliva hung between them.
Casey already had his dick in hand and Pete could feel his pushing to get out. It always felt like an alternate reality when he watched Traci go at it with another man. Like they had never met and married and she was some unknown beauty who aroused him.
Robert announced he'd be fucking her hard "and the boys are welcome to help me, so spread your legs, slut." He lifted her on the table right in front of Pete, pulled off her panties and fucked her. Her head dropped off the other side of the table and Casey was right there to fill her mouth.
For some time Pete stood frozen over her as the table rattled, her eyes rolled back in her head and body spasmed and twisted. "Let's see what this slut of yours has got. Help me DP her, Casey.
Robert lifted her again off the table on the end of his dick and held her up while Casey waited on the other side. "Fuck my ass, Casey, c'mon baby!" He lunged upwards and stuck her, pumping as they held her aloft between them.
"Oh ya, fuck me hard you pricks!"
"You've got a wild one, Pete, and she's gorgeous on top of it."
"How do you like me, Robert? You like poster girl pussy?"
"I love everything you're selling, darlin'"
They kept up a torrid fuck, bouncing her on their dicks until Robert said, "Let's put her on the table. I wanna cum on the poster girl."
Casey pulled out, Robert laid her down, her face next to Pete. Casey and Robert stood on either side jerking. Pete had been jerking under the table and when Robert saw that he said, "Join us Pete!"
Traci nodded to him and the 3 men covered her face with cum.
Afterward when she was cleaning up, Robert told her, "You're going to be the best representative I could imagine and when you fuck your way through the clubs across the country, we'll have more men dragging their slut wives to events than we can handle."
***
Pete and Traci reentered the ballroom and sat at the bar. A good cocktail was what was needed after all that.
"Pete, do you really want me to do this?"
"I thought I did. Well we haven't signed anything yet so there's time to back out."
"I can see you were a little freaked out cumming on my face with them. Right?"
"Ya, a little. You can always read me can't you?"
"I know you. Come here and let's sit on the couch together, You need the talk."
They found a vacant spot on the fringe of the ballroom and sat.
"Look, Pete, I love you so much it hurts. Now I know we've gotten into some pretty kinky shit. And you also know you, for better or worse, married a very kinky girl. I would fuck a fence post if it came on to me.
"So here's what I want for you...and for me too...I want to make a pact that nothing can break the bond. You have seen and will see me do the most outrageous things possible. You have and will hear me say the most outrageous things to other men but please know that never changes how I feel about you. I know that sounds ridiculous after seeing what I've done but, in your heart of hearts, know that I never waver from your love."
Ken came up to hit on her but she put him off. Pete noted that was something she was never inclined to do.
"I'm saying this to reaffirm our mutually chosen lifestyle. For all your enthusiasm lately I could sense some doubt creeping in again so keep in mind what I'm saying to you in a special place in your head and heart. Okay?"
"Yes. You're talking me down off the ledge again aren't you?"
"Yes I am, Petey. You get all gung-ho on this and you're making me a porn princess and then your insecurity slips in when I get nasty like that DP with Robert and Casey. You've got a tricky head there, Pete."
"I know. I'm a walking contradiction. Hehe."
"So, Pete, what are we doing here tonight?"
"Getting fucked every which way possible and being as naughty as we wanna be."
"Correct, my love!...Hey, that woman with Robert over there. Could that be his wife? Oh, they're coming over here. Gotta be a boob job..."
"Hello again, you two," said Robert, "I'd like you to meet my wife, Amber. This is Pete and Traci. Traci is the new poster girl for the club."
"Well," said a slightly snarky, Amber, "somebody has good taste. I'm assuming that Robert has fucked you already?"
"Yes, he has," answered, Traci. "Quite nice actually."
"Robert feels it's his duty to fuck all the pussy in the room."
"Casey and I had a little contract ceremony with the lovely Traci here. Even her husband joined the celebration."
"So, Amber," jumped in, Pete, "maybe I could buy you a drink and you could tell me about Robert. May I, Robert?"
"Sounds like a setup but sure."
Walking off to the bar, they watched as Pete's hand lay nicely on her swaying ass.
"Your husband is an interesting guy," said Robert, "although I have no idea how he landed a piece of high art like you, Traci."
"Believe me, it was mutual."
"I'm staying an extra day while Amber goes home. How about letting me take you to lunch and then fuck you the rest of the afternoon in my hotel room?"
"I'm afraid I can't do that, Robert. You can fuck me here in the club but you can't date me."
Then he got very close to her and put two fingers between her legs. "You're a very dirty girl and I like dirty girls. I can feel dampness on my fingers so I know you want to."
It took a Herculean effort to say no but she nervously got it out.
"You think about it and I'll leave my card with you. I know you, Traci. You're a naughty little slut who can't say no."
He was right. She wanted to meet with him but she was not going to break the rules like she did with Eric. Not even with the head of the club. The only work around would be Pete coming with them and Robert clearly didn't want that.
He walked away to approach another woman and left her standing there. Traci wasn't used to being walked away from but something told her he'd pulled that routine before so she let him go without a word.
It wouldn't matter anyway as no less than 5 offers came in the next 5 minutes and she knew he noticed the stampede. He was still talking to the other woman and looking at Traci. She thought what a silly fuck he was.
***
Meanwhile, back at the bar, Pete was seducing Amber and getting the dirt on Robert. At the end of cocktail number 2 she admitted Robert liked to attach himself to member's wives and fuck them "off the grid."
"I'd watch your wife's back with him. Now about you and I. I see you looking at my tits and wondering; real or boob job?"
"It doesn't change my mind about you one bit but I was wondering..."
"They are real and they're spectacular. You like a girl with big tits?"
"If they're on you, then I'm all in."
I want you to fuck me, Pete. I want you to fuck me like he fucked Traci."
"They double penetrated her. You want me to get another guy and do you like that?"
"I don't care. Yes, fuck me like that."
Pete leaned over the bar and whispered in Brandon's ear and ushered Amber behind the bar façade where Traci had been gangbanged. Pete kissed her and together he and Brandon, coming up from behind her, took down her panties and worked her over until her juices started to flow and Pete lifted her on to his dick....
***
At the end of a busy night Pete went looking for Traci and found her at the end of the bar taking it doggy from a new member, George, who felt compelled to introduce himself in the middle of the act.
Seeing Pete watching them, George said, "This your girl?"
"Yes," said Pete, patiently waiting for them to finish.
"You lucky dog! She has the tightest...oh, I'm sorry, I'm George," and stuck out his hand over Traci's back.
"I'm Pete," and they shook hands. "Thanks for admiring my wife. I'm sure she's enjoying it."
"No, thank you for sharing her," and he pounded her rapidly 7 or 8 times causing her to moan. "What a perfect pussy, ahhhhhhhhh."
Suddenly, another woman was standing next to Pete, watching them. "I'm his wife." Pete nodded and smiled.
George laid a big slap across her right buttock. Traci yelped and began to climax. "Uhnnnnnnn..."
"Your wife is very pretty. I'm not surprised George went after her."
"She does tend to draw a lot of attention."
In an odd move, similar to George's introduction, Pete put his arm around her as they kept watching. "You know you're very nice on the eyes yourself. I'm Pete."
"I'm Andie, really Andrea, but friends call me Andie."
"I came to get Traci and go home but watching this is getting me hot again."
"Me too..."
George slapped Traci's ass again and Pete kissed Andie while she searched the front of his pants.
Pete hiked up her dress, finding no panties, turned her towards the bar next to Traci and addressing his new found fuck pal, "George, may I borrow your wife?"
"Certainly, Pete, she likes it hard."
It was all a little surreal.
This titillating tableau drew a small but ardent gathering, most people having gone home.
After several minutes George grabbed Traci's neck with both hands and pounded her the hardest yet, making both of them cum together. George left his calling card on her buttocks.
Andie, watching her husband do Traci and getting ram-rodded herself was the next to orgasm and then Pete pulled her hair, cranked it up and laid a white trail in the curve of her lower back.
The remaining voyeurs applauded. "Thanks for the show, goodnight!"
***
On the way home Pete pointed out that Eric and Monique didn't show up. Traci had a good theory as to why but said nothing.
"So, when we started this who would have guessed that I'd be going home with the club poster girl?"
"Think about it, Pete. Think of all the men and women who're going to see my sexy picture in those ads. Robert said he'd be back for the photo shoot."
"I figured as much."
"What did Amber say about him?"
"She said to watch your back. I don't know exactly what you're supposed to be watching for but she alluded to him being somewhat of a snake."
"I sort of figured that out on my own. He tried to get me to see him at his hotel room on Monday and didn't seem real happy when I said no. I think he likes to own his sluts."
"When is the photo shoot?"
"Sometime in the next week and a half and he's sending the contract before then for us to look over. Petey, are we making a pact with the devil?"
"Well at least if we are we can opt out."
"The devil let's you opt out?"
"It's a new thing..."