3 Revenge of the Bubblegum Princess
No time for tears or broken toys.
The ride back in the limo was especially frisky, with couples breaking off from the pack.
Tabatha has her arm around Sabine pulling her close. Sabine kisses Tabatha, biting her lower lip, playfully teasing her fellow clan member. Catching sight of their newest addition, the timid blonde's name is Bunny; her head seems to disappear under Sissy's dress. The always-reserved Sissy is breathing heavily, tipping her head back, making the cutest, little-girl moans. The bobbing motion of Bunny's head is mesmerizing to Sabine and Tabatha.
Tabatha catches her compatriot, Domino, in the thralls of passion; her long black-and-red hair is drawn back into a ponytail. Her red eyes are simply stunning, while her well-manicured hands are wrapped around Alexis' and Crystal's cocks, working them in tandem, while the trio makes out furiously.
The limo slows to a stop in front of the party's current residence. The four-bedroom home is now fully stocked and ready for their guests. The girls pour into the home when Sabine, leading the pack, spots a familiar orange-and-black-haired Kodachi named, Bex.
With a half-smile-half-smirk, the super-cool Bex greets Sabine, "Hey, Squirt." A very intoxicated and super-happy Sabine rushes to her friend and mentor, jumping into a big hug from her best friend.
Sabine excitedly asks why Bex is waiting for them. In her signature laid-back style. "The queen asked me to come check in on you, to see if you're doing okay with Her Highness being MIA; to see how you're doing and how the mission's going."
Tabatha defensively jumps into the conversation. "We're doing just fine. We have Stef's routine and work address, and we also have the location of all the blackmail material."
Bex, gives Tabatha her attention, "That's great, Tabby. I'll be hanging around 'til the mission's completion."
Sabine breaks the hug, speaking of Cobalt, "Any word on how her mission is going?"
Bex, giving Sabine a sympathetic smile, knows how much Sabine cares for her partner's health and success. "Well, Squirt, the early word is Lain and the Crimson Swan joined the Sacred Hearts Academy in a joint partnership."
A surprised expression rushes over Sabine's face. "Holy shit. You, you're telling me my Cobalt showed maturity and restraint and didn't go scorched earth on Lain?"
Bex responds, "Tell me about it. I think this has more to do with the Blackstone girl, Vicious, and Sherry sent with Her Highness."
Domino strolling in with her two new playmates under her arms, sees her old friend, Bex. "Bex, what brings you out here with us mere simple folk?"
Giving her best devilish smirk, "I brought the medical ointment to help you clear up that weird, green rash you've got going on downstairs."
Alexis and Crystal look at Domino with a suspicious look, when Domino retorts, "Always got jokes, huh? BEX!"
Quickly assessing she may have gone a tad too far picking on Domino, Bex quickly de-escalates the situation. "Calm down, it was just a joke; besides, weren't you taking your two little friends for some fun?"
Domino's attention is quickly drawn back to Alexis and Crystal, escorting her playthings away Bex with an evil smile. "If you'll excuse us, we're going to have some fun; you can ignore the screams."
Alexis and Crystal, in unison, "Screams?" The two femboys look especially nervous, being pulled into the spare bedroom by the hulking mass that is Domino.
Always the ever-vigilant master of stealth, Sissy drags Bunny into another spare room during the altercation between Bex and Domino.
Bex refills her glass from the margarita mix she'd made from the blender. Tabby, Sabine and Bex continue their chatting, while the noises and lewd sounds begin to flow from the spare room and Domino's playthings.
Entering the room, Domino, Alexis, and Crystal are frantically discarding clothes, with hands freely exploring each other's body. The six-foot woman towers over her two playmate femboys. Domino's thoughts run wild with the adrenaline, from the fight and the alcohol intoxication, coursing through her veins. She wonders what wild ride her two new playmate femboys have in store for her.
Her mind races to a sexual high, feeling the dainty, well-manicured hands begin exploring her large body and massive chest. Feeling the small fingers play along her slit, gathering her sudden wetness from her pussy, brings a sultry song of a moan from Domino. Reaching down, Domino begins stroking the semi-flaccid cocks of the femboys, bringing the girliest moans to escape their painted lips, trying to return the favor. The quivering warrior, known as Domino, uses her hands to freely explore both now-rock-hard cocks, causing both Alexis and Crystal to begin whimpering like little puppies for attention.
Alexis winks at Crystal to follow her lead; they both simultaneously attack Domino's nipples, causing her massive boobs to bounce, as they suckle like small children at a mom's tit. The duo begins working Domino's erect nipples in their mouths, matching each other's movements; Alexis and Crystal have done this many times together. The feeling of two working as one, is a completely new experience for the red-haired woman. "Holy shit! This Monday is mindblowing. Is it because of these two being so proficient in threesomes, or just because it's a threesome."
Her mind is running wild, as the new experience of two males is secretly Domino's sexiest fantasy. Being the focus of all sexual attention is really driving Domino's sex drive to being turbocharged.
Crystal breaks off from Domino's breast kissing, and sliding down Alexis' body, Crystal lowers himself to his knees, taking Alexis' cock into his warm mouth, rolling his tongue along the underside of the shaft to fully consume it in his mouth.
Withdrawing her now-free other hand from Alexis' cock, Domino begins playing with Alexis' nipples, bringing whimpers from a quivering lip. Domino, with a sly grin, "Oh my, someone is enjoying getting a blowjob."
Alexis whimpering, "Yes, Domino. Oh god, yes!"
Smirking, Domino states, "Let's take this to the bed, boys. I want to have some real fun with you two." Laying Domino down, Alexis seizes the opportunity to pin Domino's legs and feet by her head, straddling her to pin her legs and placing his cock on Domino's lips.
Caught off guard, the warrior suddenly pinned down with a cock shoved in her mouth, can't help stop the flowing wetness growing from her pussy. Focusing on her current situation, Domino hadn't really remembered that Crystal was in the room, until she feels a tongue suddenly beginning to probe her defenseless anus. She moans softly, groaning, feeling Alexis force his cock into her mouth. Domino gives into her sexual desires, letting her staunch control fall away to a sexual high, she's very seldom achieved. While Crystal gently and playfully tongues Domino's anus, the femboy takes the opportunity to begin playing with the wetness beginning to grow deep within Domino's honey pot. Crystal, running his fingers between the glistening lips, draws muffled moans from Domino's rather stuffed mouth.
Her wiggling and pleading for Crystal to penetrate one of her orifices, goes unheard from a mouth full of cock, being pumped in and out and down her throat. After pulling his cock from her hungry mouth with an audible pop, Domino begins licking the underside with long strokes, running her tongue over the tip. Seeing his chance, Crystal gives Domino's clit a friendly slap, drawing another salacious moan from the pinned warrior.
Crystal takes this opportunity to slap Domino's pussy a little harder, drawing a new slutty sound from the red-eyed woman. "OH FUCK, YOU LITTLE TEASE! I want your cock to fuck me, you little bitch. Fuck me!"
Taking the opportunity, Alexis shoves his cock deep into Domino's mouth, acting like a gag. Crystal grabs a bottle of lube from the nightstand, and she begins applying it generously on Domino's well-licked anus. Feeling the cold lube being placed on her anus, is driving her desire to be thoroughly fucked; she wiggles at Crystal, begging for his cock.
Crystal teasing the hole with his cock, gives Domino a few sexy taunts, "Hey, Alexis, look at the big, strong warrior shaking her ass at me, with a mouthful of cock!"
The anger Domino feels only fuels her perverse want-and-need to be fucked so hard right now. "Oh fuck, I'm so horny. If I wasn't, I'd toss these two little bitches around this room like rag dolls, but god, being in this position is really turning me on so badly, it hurts."
Suddenly, Domino's ass is stuffed with Crystal's rock-hard member pounding itself in and out of her like a piston. Feeling his partner's rhythm, Alexis alters his pumping to be opposite of Crystal's, so that at no point, is the red-eyed woman ever not stuffed with a cock. "Oh fuck these little devils have done this before. They really know how to work what they got. Fuck, I've almost been having micro-orgasms, since they started fucking me!"
Both femboys, lost in their own pleasure, continue their all-out assaults on the proud warrior and her insatiable sexual appetite. Domino's mind is a wash, lost in the tsunami of pleasure cascading upon her body and soul.
Crystal, feeling it's time for the crescendo of their sexual tryst, gets Alexis' attention. Crystal helps readjust Domino, so she's on all fours with Alex under her, and Crystal behind her doggy style.
Biting her lip nervously, "Fuck, this is going to happen. It seemed like a good idea, but now, not so much. Fuck, I can't get out of this without looking weak. Fuck my perverse desires getting me into this situation."
Feeling Domino's apprehension, he gently caresses her cheek, quietly whispering, "It's okay, we don't have to do this if you don't want to," kissing the timid woman on the lips, drawing a small moan from her lips. Domino can feel both Crystal's and Alexis' carnal desires, like enemy soldiers at the gates waiting for the sign to commence the attack, and she knows it's coming. She gives a nod.
Crystal lets out an exasperated gasp, "Finally!" and plunges his cock back deep in Domino's ass, relishing the tightness of the familiar orifice. "Oh god, Alexis, her ass is even tighter than Stef's sissy-boy pussy!"
"I'll take your word for it, Crystal!" Following Crystal's lead, plunging his cock deep into Domino's pussy, Alexis groans in pleasure. Alexis and Crystal have both sunk their cocks into Domino, balls deep. Groaning, Alexis thrusts his cock in tandem to Crystal's pumping in her ass. The feeling of being thoroughly stuffed has broken the dam of her reservations. Her open mouth, with tongue hanging out, Domino's moans are caught in her throat, so essentially, she's making some guttural moaning noises. "Fuck, I've masturbated to this fantasy so many times, the reality is so much more fucking intense!"
Losing herself in the rhythmic pumping, the large, red-eyed, tattooed woman, known as Domino, was taking great pride in hearing the most-girly sounds escaping her two femboy lovers' lips.
Alexis asks, "You like that, Domino. You enjoy being double penetrated?"
Groaning in pleasure, Domino responds, "YES, YES, YES. FUCK, YES. FUCK ME MORE!"
Throwing inhibition to the wind, the drunken, horny Domino is reaching a new sexual peak. The rhythm begins picking up, as the three seem to fall into perfect synchronicity, building to a volcanic-like climax happening simultaneously among the three, feeling her ass and womb being pumped full of femboy milk. The trio collapses in a heap of body parts and fluids, feeling the crash of adrenaline and amazing sex, and a well-fucked Domino.
Sissy, sitting in the bathroom, pulls her phone out and makes a quick call to her new friend and possible girlfriend. Picking up the call, the voice on the phone belongs to mistress Selena. "Hey Sissy, I'm so thrilled you called. You mentioned you were going with the other girls on some job."
Taking a deep breath, "I am, but I needed to talk to you. I think I may have accidentally adopted a submissive pet and she wants to do stuff, but I don't want to ruin our thing."
Selena, laughing knowing how awkward her new love is, does her best to reassure the distressed Sissy to have fun, "Take some pictures and bring her along; she sounds cute."
Letting the breath out, she hadn't realized she'd been holding, replies, "Thanks, Selena. I miss you and can't wait to introduce you to Bunny."
Selena, turning on her charm to get Sissy a little revved up, "Bunny, huh, she sounds cute; well go and play with the little rabbit and treat her right, like I treat you, my Sissy princess."
The usually stoic Sissy returns to a lounging Bunny lying on the bed, watching Sissy with abject lust and desire. The bulge in Sissy's panties begins to grow, recalling Bunny giving her a blowjob on the way here, causing the closed-off, little, Lolita-like Sissy to blush. What's also not helping keep Sissy's desires in check, is the cacophonous noises coming from Domino's room.
Muttering under her breath, Sissy groans, "Fucking slut," with a little chuckle.
Bunny pulls the somewhat-demure Sissy into the bed. Picking up Sissy's phone, Bunny begins playing 'Tainted Love' by Marlyn Manson. Hoping off the bed, Bunny begins swishing her hips, right and left, moving to the beat of the song, running her fingers along Sissy's cheek, drawing the cutest sounds from Sissy's lips.
The blonde Bunny begins singing along to the song, doing a little spin causing her short white dress to rise up, showing she's not wearing panties, showing off the little blonde tuft of pubic hair above her glistening-wet pussy.
Bunny begins taking Sissy's collar off, its pink leather with her name in rubies sprinkled with diamonds and a platinum bell. It's a gift from her current girlfriend, Selena Bell. The memory of the night Sissy met and played with Selina, replays in her mind.
~~~~~
It was the night Sabine had dragged a somewhat-surly Cobalt to the Dark Carnival. Cobalt, Sabine, Domino and Sissy all attended the Carnival.
Selena's dirty-blonde hair was adorned by a set of cat ears. It was a white fur with a matching tail buttplug. The custom Neko maid outfit was simply exquisite. The colors were a soft orange and white; the fine details of the outfit drew Sissy's attention like a moth to the flame. Her fingerless gloves were white, adorned with cream-orange bracelets. Her choker was the same orange as her dress, with a small, jeweled paw in the center. Her stockings matched the white of her gloves, ending in orange and white, six-inch heels, that made her legs and ass look phenomenal.
Sissy, a seamstress and blacksmith in her own right, noticed expert craftsmanship when she saw it. Selena's impeccable eye for detail, matching her orange lipstick to the color of her earrings. Every accessory was custom and painstakingly crafted to match her outfit.
Sissy can still recall the moment she first cast eyes on Selena.
She was drinking from a flute of champagne, and she was the most stunning woman Sissy had ever seen. She, quite literally, took her breath away, and that's when her best friend played, 'have you met' with the socially awkward Sissy; thrusting Sissy to interact with Selena, who mercifully noticed Sissy's inability to function socially. They began discussing how Sissy made the custom Sailor Moon costumes, she'd seen all night.
Before she knew what had hit her, Sissy was smitten and being taken to a private room with Selena on a leash. It wasn't the first time Sissy was on a leash, but it was the first time she didn't want to kill the person holding her leash, the first time she felt comfortable on the leash. Following along behind, Selena watched her cute little butt wiggle as she walked, the killing of her feet was worth the effect she was having on Sissy.
Entering the bedroom, Selena pulled Sissy into a tight embrace, kissing her lips, sliding her tongue deeply into the mouth of Sissy, exploring her mouth freely. The feeling had Sissy melting into Selena's arms. Selena ran her fingers along Sissy's cheek, and gently began unbuckling her collar.
The feeling of cool air on her neck brought a little shiver to her body. Sissy was surprised that the time in Blackstone would have made her very averse to wearing collars, but Selina's gentle caress made her feel new feelings about wearing a collar.
Slowly Selena assisted Sissy out of her Sailor Moon cosplay; she slipped the leotard down her silky legs. "I want you to keep the boots and tiara, Sissy."
Blushing, Sissy removed her long gloves, dropping them in the pile of her cosplay, finally freeing her cock from its silken prison. Selena being brought face to face with Sissy cock, took it in her mouth, rolling her tongue along the bottom of it before completely enveloping her cock with her mouth; drawing the cutest little girl moans from her pink-stained lips, gasping.
Doing a mischievous little skip, picking up her phone, she began playing 'Moonlight Densetsu' by Amalee.
"Why can't I tell you all of these feelings? It's so much easier when I'm dreaming I think my brain's about to short-circuit"
Slowly pulling off her ears to the song, Sissy's eyes almost burst from her head when she realized Selena was going to strip to Sailor Moon. Swaying from left to right, Selena pulled her choker off next.
"I really wish I could find the words
And now I'm crying under the moonlight
I wanna call you up, but it's midnight
What should I do with all of these feelings
Like a Kaleidoscopic heart."
Selena watching Sissy follow her with intensity and lust, began pulling her bow free, so she could slip off her dress doing a little twirl, as she raised the dress. Selena gave the impression that she was a flower shedding its petals. Sending her dress floating in the air, Selena now stood in her panties, bra and stockings, and blew a kiss to the mesmerized Sissy.
"The light that shines down from the moon
Will guide the way
And once again, it leads me to you. The constellations sparkle in my dreams
And so I wonder if it's a blessing
As if by fate we're born on the same planet
Just like a miracle romance"
Reaching back, Selena unclasped her bra, keeping it clutched to her chest. Selena swayed to the rhyme; finally tossing her bra free into Sissy's face, who tried to catch it. Sissy noticed it was of a high quality. Selena massaging her robust chest, turned away from Sissy, wiggling her cute, little ass in its orange and white thong.
"So let us have another great weekend
And I will pray it has a happy end
I'll still be here past, present, and future
Head over heels in love with you!"
Wiggling her ass at Sissy, Selena slipped her thong off, running her hands between her thighs, teasing her glistening pussy with a free hand. She slowly turned around, allowing Sissy to take her body in, seeing her free of her frills and lace; she was as enchanting as ever.
"I can't forget the way you looked at me that day
When I met you the very first time
Within the sea of stars under the night sky
I could still find you if I closed my eyes
I love the way the world gives us moments
That we make our own destiny!"
Pushing Sissy back on the bed, she shuffled to the middle, as Selena stalked Sissy, much like a lioness stalking a gazelle on the plains. Selena ran her fingers up Sissy's legs, causing an electric-like shock to travel through Sissy's body. Feeling Selena's sexual energy flowing and crashing on her body, is something Sissy had never experienced in her time on this planet. She could only equate it to the night she spent with Cobalt.
Selena felt Sissy completely giving herself to the blonde bombshell who was completely infatuated with the femboy Sissy, with her blonde-and-pink hair, blue eyes, and slight freckles. A picture of femininity and cuteness. Moving ever closer to the rock-hard cock sticking up, with her slight mounds for a chest, Selena couldn't help but bask in Sissy's beauty and femininity. "You're simply beautiful, Sissy. I can't believe you want to play with me."
Sissy was about to respond when she felt Selena's tongue moving along the shaft of her cock. The poor Sissy was rendered mute, making only the most intimate of cute, girly noises. Selena saw that she had the little Lolita-like femboy right where she wanted her, like putty in her well-manicured hands. "You're gonna fuck me really good, aren't you, little one?"
Nodding enthusiastically because even though Selena's mouth wasn't on Sissy's cock at that moment, she was working her hand up and down her glistening shaft, dripping with her saliva. "Are you ready to fuck me, my little pet?" Selena had started to guide Sissy's rock-hard, throbbing member into her glistening slit, that was so wet and ready for her cock.
~~~~~
Feeling Bunny's lips on her own, snaps her out of her daydream, kissing the timid Bunny back. "You zoned out for a minute." Bunny nuzzles Sissy's neck.
"Hey Bunny, is it okay if we wait? I want to introduce you to my mistress/girlfriend Selena. I think you'll like her a lot."
Tackling Sissy into the bed snuggling her more. "Absolutely, but that means cuddling all night is going to happen instead. I just want my hero wrapped around me all night."
Kissing Bunny gently on the lips, the two intertwine, and drift off to a solid slumber state.
**********
Sabine is holding a briefing at the kitchen table. Bex, Sissy, Domino and Tabatha are listening to the details of their new job.
The overnight guests have taken over the living room, watching Sailor Moon, while the others prepare for the hard job. The trio of Bunny, Alexis and Crystal are left to their own devices. Sabine begins explaining that this is a two-pronged attack: one team will extract Stef, and the second team will acquire the blackmail material.
Sabine still addressing the girls, "Tabatha and I will extract Stef at her job. Domino and Bex will acquire the blackmail material."
Domino nods to Bex, "You ready for this, Bex? It's been awhile since you were in the field; think you can keep up?"
Bex giving a grin, "Just watch how it's done; you may want to take notes."
Sabine gives Tabatha a nod, "How about you, Tabby? You ready?"
Smiling ear to ear, the pink-haired warrior Tabatha replies, "Absolutely, let's save our girl, short stuff."
Sabine addressing everyone again, "Everyone knows the plan and what to do, let's get ready. It's time we aim to misbehave."
Breaking from the table, the girls all head off to get ready and prepare for the job ahead of them.
**********
The duo of Sabine and Tabatha stroll through the front door of the office high-rise. The two aren't exactly dressed to blend in, with Sabine strolling in with a light overcoat covering and concealing her recovery gear. And Tabatha is in a similar style, only a tactical vest has been added to her attire.
Entering the lobby, Tabatha pulls Sabine to the side. "Hey, Sabine, something off, it's a weekday and this lobby is a ghost town. There isn't even anybody working at the help desk. This isn't normal."
Sabine looking around, agrees. "Our little lost lamb works on the thirteenth floor. I think we have to check it out even though you're completely right about everything being off about this building right now." Carefully, the two Kodachi make their way to the elevators, calling them and hitting the thirteenth floor.
The doors to the thirteenth floor open. Tabatha, taking the lead, cautiously moves down the hall 'til she reaches the main office space. Sabine, looking past Tabatha, notices the desk with its big pink bowl of Hershey kisses and the pink nameplate labeled Stef. What's unexpected is the grinning, green-haired woman, with her facial scar and an even-worse attitude, Madeline, aka Maddy, smirking.
"You're too late, beautiful. The little bitch Stef has been moved away to a new location, away from you and your associates." Surprised to see Tabatha and not Cobalt, Maddy makes an inquiry into the missing Cobalt. "So where is Princess Fuck-up? I was hoping she'd be here, not the B-Squad," glaring in Tabatha's direction.
Tabatha not taking Maddy's baiting, retorts, "B-squad huh? I'll take that rather than being a traitorous cunt to the crown and country!"
Maddy giggles, "Temper, temper, Tabby. Don't get all bitchy because I threw you away like the trash you are! No one wants second best or B-squad trash like you. I only want the best!" Maddy glares at Sabine, like a long-lost lover seeing her true love just out of reach. "Isn't that right, my love, Sabine?" The sincerity drips off the phrase like ice cream melting in the summer sun.
Giving an eye roll to Maddy's proclamation. "Don't call me your love, you fucking crazy bitch! Where's Stef?"
Maddy, still relaxing in Stef's chair with her long sword draped over her shoulder, kicks Stef's nameplate off the desk toward Sabine. "Now, now, my little buttercup, Sabine. I told you she's been relocated to somewhere in the Northeast. That guy whose pet, I guess, you stole warned Mistress Storm who made some calls, pulled some strings and was eventually intercepted by, little old me. Sucks. I really wanted to fucking kill Princess Fuck-up; oh, I mean Cobalt. "
Sabine and Tabatha glare at Maddy, with malicious desires dancing in their eyes, like fireworks blooming in the sky.
Maddy goading the two Kodachi, "Such venomous looks from my fellow clans women."
In unison, Sabine and Tabatha yell back, "WE'RE NOT YOUR CLAN ANYMORE!"
Laughing, Maddy yanks the headphones that are plugged into Stef's PC causing the first beats of 'Rock Me' from the Bubblegum Crisis soundtrack to begin playing.
Tabatha pulling Sabine close enough to whisper to her. "Start heading to the exit. I'll take the psycho bitch Maddy down. I owe her a beat down!"
Sabine glaring at Maddy, slowly backs away, heading back to the elevator. Maddy jumping over the desk flinging her scabbard away in one flew swoop.
Maddy snickers, "Oh, my love, don't go too far!"
Tabatha pulls her coat off, reaching behind her for her two kali fighting sticks that are actually made of a carbon fibre-titanium blend for strength and speed of the sticks. She spins her sticks, getting prepared for a fight. Taking a deep breath, Tabatha centers herself, letting the beat of the song flow through her body.
Maddy brings her sword down in an overhead strike blocking the swing with her kali in an X-defense stance and catches the blade.
Tabatha notices Maddy's still using her familia blade, "You treacherous cunt, you're still using your family's blade!"
Growling back at Tabatha, "Why wouldn't I? After all, as the eldest of the Beryl family, it's mine by right."
Maddy, pushing against Tabatha's blocking, replies with a caustic response. "You abandoned the clan, you turned your back on your family and that blade belongs with your little sister, Akila. She's the new Beryl heir, not you, loser."
Sabine, seizing the opportunity to escape her psycho stalker Maddy's clutches, rounds the corner heading back to the elevators. Racing to the slowly opening elevator, Sabine comes face to face with Jessica Wild, the one responsible for allowing the Stones to escape, causing Sabine to suddenly stop, trip over her feet, and fall to the ground. Recovering in a roll, Sabine is in a defense position getting up off the floor. "Why are you here, Jessica?" with a skeptical tone.
Jessica, holding her hands out in a very defensive position, "Calm down, I'm here to save your nerdy ass. I've been keeping tabs on Maddy and, with Cobalt being away, I figured I'd try and make it up to her by keeping you safe."
Sabine finally notices the two slumped women in the elevator. "That's why Maddy was so sure I wasn't going very far, fucking bitch!"
Jessica stepping to the side, motions Sabine to join her. Finally noticing the apprehension seeping out of the often very boisterous nature of Jessica. "You've got a thing for my Cobalt, don't you."
Jessica caught off guard, blushes, giving a slight nod of affirmation.
Sabine giggling, at the idea of watching Jessica and Cobalt, is really getting her pussy wet and oh-so excited. "Well, let's save Tabatha and my ass, and let the rest sort itself out."
Jessica nods, "Well, as long as Tabatha doesn't die, the way out is cleared 'cause you know I'm awesome like that."
Sabine, smirking, gets it now-- she's so much like Cobalt, why wouldn't they be into each other. The two women continue chatting, as the elevator heads to the lobby, leaving Tabatha and Maddy to continue their all-out brawl.
Breaking the deadlock, both Maddy and Tabatha jump back. Tabatha flows to a defensive stance, awaiting Maddy's strikes, while Maddy does, in fact, press the attack, blocking her swings. Both combatants are pushing themselves to gain ground on each other. Huffing and puffing, the cut on Tabatha's cheek is bleeding and her left arm is also broken. Maddy's nose is broken, and she's clutching her ribs, still trying to raise her sword.
Maddy looks, with sheer contempt and venom, snarls at Tabatha. "Fucking bitch, go down. You're nothing but trash; you should be with the fuck-up, and not paired with me!"
Glaring back, Tabatha feels the blood drip from her open cut, clutching her kali in her right hand. "Never gonna happen, cunt; never gonna happen."
Frustrated and knowing she needs to escape while the gettin's still good, Tabatha grabs a chair and throws it at Maddy, who takes this opportunity to completely move the chair away, while Maddy flees to the stairs making her escape.
Tabatha, groaning, makes her way to the elevator calling Sabine. "Hey, Maddy got away. I'm busted up. I can't pursue her; besides, I'm worried if you're okay?"
Sabine explains she's with Jessica, and both of them are safe, waiting for her to rendezvous at the rally point, a diner about six blocks away.
**********
Two friends stroll down the street bantering back and forth. Domino's phone begins ringing, as the beginning notes of Van Halen's 'Jump' begins playing. Tapping her earpiece, Domino takes the call, "Hey, fun size, what's up?"
"Hey Red, the plan went south, Maddy was laying in wait for us. Tabatha got injured, her arm is sliced open and she's got another slice on her cheek. Sissy is giving her basic first aid back at the stash house."
Confirming with Sabine, Domino understands the current situation.
Bex, looking annoyed, asks, "What's up?"
Domino with a scowl of concern, "What's that thing Cobalt says about plans?"
Bex clears her throat and goes into a perfect imitation of Cobalt, "Make the plan, execute the plan, expect the plan to go off the rails, throw away the plan! I take it we're at throw away the plan?"
Domino laughing, "Essentially, yeah. It was a trap, Maddy was waiting for them. If Jessica Wild hadn't shown up, we'd be missing two members. As of this moment, Tabby Cats is the only one hurt, she got cut up."
Concern quickly consumes Bex's face, "Does she need my help, do I need to get to her now?"
Domino is doing her best to comfort Bex and talk her down. "Sounds like Sissy and Sabine got it under control for now; besides, we have our own problem."
Bex gives Domino her full attention. "I'm listening?"
Domino, with an intense look in her eyes, says, "Well, the only people who know exactly where Stef was taken and still have the blackmail material are where we are currently headed. Let's knock on the door and see what happens; besides, if we completely fail this mission, Kitty will never let us live it down."
Bex finally puts it together that this is the first job the team has ever failed and it comes when Cobalt is MIA. "Oh fuck, you are so right. Cobalt will be insufferable, if we can't salvage something from this debacle!"
This news causes the two to almost break out in a full sprint to reach Mistress Storm's house. Both women rush the door, knocking furiously to get inside. "We can't go back empty-handed, Cobalt will be insufferable."
Domino nods in agreement, "Yeah, Kitty will be relentless on us."
Domino is doing her best to take up more space as possible, making her large frame even more massive, filling the door frame. Her red-and-black-striped hair and red eyes make her an impressive specimen.
The very petite maid, wearing an actual French-maid outfit, opens the door with a look of complete shock and awe. "How can, how...how can I help you?" The poor maid struggles to form a coherent thought.
Domino, slightly leaning over, begins looming over the maid, towering over the frightened help. Domino growls, "I think you know why we're here."
Quickly regaining her composure, April smooths her dress out, giving a curtsy, clearing her throat. "Please follow me, the mistress is home, I don't believe she's expecting a guest right now. And please don't steal anything."
Domino looks around, "Ever wonder how these people make their money, I'm betting trust-fund baby."
Bex shakes her head no. "No way, the decor screams new money. Trust-fund babies tend to have grown up around people with actual taste."
The casual banter Domino and Bex are having has an unintended effect. The petite, little maid spins on her heels in a rage-filled huff, facing the duo. "And what do you two homeless vagabonds know about class or style?" Eyeing the women up and down, the maid looks upon the duo furiously.
Both burst into laughter at the outburst from the petite maid. A sinister idea creeps into Domino's brain, looking at the little maid like she's a snack. "Hey Bex, Do you want to see something funny?" giving Bex a quizzical look.
Following the context clues, Bex replies, "Sure, Domino, let's see something funny."
Domino grabs the petite maid, shoving her over, so that the maid's bent over. Domino yanks the bitch off her feet by her panties, and begins carrying her like she's a suitcase.
The poor maid, completely caught off guard now, has her panties wedged so far in her pussy and ass that the pain and pleasure are causing all kinds of feelings to occur. The dangling maid is thrashing around, screaming in protest, with a pathetic flailing motion.
Bex begins bursting out into laughter, watching Domino carrying the flailing maid like a suitcase. Her panties are grinding into her clit, further causing some lascivious sounds to escape the poor help's pink, glossy lips. Bursting through the door, the girls enter the greeting room giving Domino the chance to dump the poor maid on the ground, by simply letting go of her panties, causing another squeal to escape the poor girl's lips.
Sitting, in what can only be described as a throne, is Mistress Storm. Finally realizing that there's a throne in the waiting room, both Bex and Domino burst into laughter, Bex giving Domino a playful shove, taking in the sheer audacity of having a throne in the meeting room.
Domino catching her breath, "Oh my god, she has a fucking throne, she sits on a fucking throne, bwahaha!"
Bex, laughing, leans against Domino, "I mean my Queen Freyja has a throne, but she only uses it for ceremonies and special rituals, and she's actual fucking royalty!"
Mistress Storm stares, with an absolute anger and disgust streaming across her face, growls, "Why are you in my home? Surely, you've been informed your rescue attempt has failed. And yet, here you are, disrespecting my staff and insulting me in my own home!"
Bex finally catches her breath internally, she flips her cool-mode switch on. "Well, here's the deal-- we want the blackmail material on Stef, and wherever you stashed her, too?" Always being a woman of opportunity, she pounces on the opportunity that's befallen her.
"Okay, you obviously are a pair of crazy bitches. I've a new venture that I started and my opening fight has no opponents. If you two take the spots and win, I'll gladly hand over the blackmail material, Stef's location and ownership of Bunny, as well."
Domino suspiciously makes an inquiry, "And, if we lose?"
Mistress Storm smiles, "You'll just have to return Bunny back to me, and walk away from Stef completely, and you bother me no more."
Bex and Domino begin having a meeting. "I think this is our best opportunity, Domino. We may be able to salvage something from this clusterfuck."
Domino turns her attention back to Mistress Storm. "Okay, you've got a deal. We accept the terms of the wager. All we need is the when and where the fight's gonna happen."
Mistress Storm, with a sinister grin, answers, "Excellent." The maid gives the when and where the fight is happening.
**********
Bex heading up this meeting has everyone's attention. "Okay, here's the deal. Mistress Storm is wagering everything we want in a fight, with Domino and I versus her two fighters."
Sabine taps her fingers on the table. "Can we trust her to keep her end of the deal?"
Domino answers Sabine's question, "I think so. People like her live and die on their reputations, so she'll never welch on a bet."
Tabatha has been stitched up and has her arm in a sling to help the healing process.
"Fuck, we have to take the shot. We can't have this mission be a total bust."
Bex scans the others, noticing the nods in agreement. "Domino and I take the fight, and save this disaster."
Sabine adding her thoughts to the conversation, "I honestly don't think we have a choice. We got played by Maddy and her cunt crew!"
Domino responding, "I know we went over this already, but Maddy being here and fucking with us, seems more personal than business, and that's new."
Tabatha frustrated and in pain, strikes the table, "That bitch. Maddy is going in the ground. I fucking swear it!" hissing in pain.
Taking control over the meeting, Bex calmly lays out the new plan. "Sabine, Domino and myself are going to the fight's location. Tabatha, Sissy and Bunny stay here. We'll get the blackmail list and everything else we're promised."
**********
Sabine, behind the wheel of the rental car, is drumming on the steering wheel. The song blaring from the speakers is Kenny Loggins' 'Danger Zone'. Bex taking in Domino getting herself ready for the fight, lightly taps Sabine on the shoulder, motioning to the very serious Domino, whispers, "What's up with Domino, Squirt?"
Sabine whispers back, "It's her get-psyched-up song, it's a thing."
Tapping Domino on the shoulder, "Is this just a get-hyped song, or like a whole playlist."
Domino grins, "This is my 'Danger Zone' playlist, and if this doesn't get you pumped, I don't know what will."
The address is in the warehouse district, leaving the car in a makeshift parking lot. The trio approaches the rather large doorman holding a clipboard; he's bare chested wearing a bow tie and slacks. The doorman is actually the same height as Domino. The red-eyed warrior mentions that apparently, Mistress Storm likes 'em big and dumb.
Unimpressed, the doorman barks, "Names?"
Sabine steps up. "Mistress Storm is expecting us; invitation is under Bubblegum Princess Inc."
Scanning his clipboard, the doorman locates the name, then motions the girls through the door. "April is waiting for you."
Domino gives Bex a little jab. "Hey, I think the maid I used like a suitcase was named April."
Bex thinking back chuckles, "This should be interesting. Think she's over you carrying her around by her panties? Bwahaha."
Sabine turns to the two statuesque warriors. "Wait, you did what to this woman?"
Domino giving a dismissive wave, "She deserved it."
The maid in question is, in fact, the one that Domino had carried around like a suitcase.
Domino grins like a dog with a t-bone. "So April, did you miss me? I sure missed you."
The blonde maid unconsciously covers her butt, giving Domino a death glare. Speaking in a cold tone, "The locker room is prepared for you, if you'll follow me. I'll be waiting outside to escort your friend to the owner's box with Mistress Storm."
The trio enters the locker room, with Domino and Bex setting their backpacks down. Bex gives a look of concern to Sabine. "Hey, Squirt, you gonna be okay with Maddy running wild. She might be laying in wait to try and pounce on you again. She fucked up the rescue of Stef."
Sabine does her best to pacify Bex's concerns. While Domino pulls her gi from her bag, the red-and-black gi is a custom job; it is a mixture of red and black, matching her hair, with a black dragon blowing red fire. Domino ties her hair back with a red ribbon.
Bex pulls her gi out from her bag. Hers is custom, as well, colored in Bex's trademark orange and black; its special mixing of colors make a circle pattern around the gi. Bex ties her orange and black hair back with a black ribbon; then throws a few warmup punches and kicks. Domino follows suit in warmups, going through them together.
Smiling, seeing her friends get into the zone, Sabine slips out to meet April in the hall. Escorting Sabine to the box seats, April asks Sabine a question. "Why are you and your friends going through all this trouble for Stef? I don't think she even knows who you are?"
Sabine is often perplexed by this question herself. "The Kodachi often say, the only way evil triumphs, is when good people do nothing. We are the justice for the powerless, we are advocates to the downtrodden, we are the beacon of light shining hope to the hopeless; that's why, April."
Still perplexed at the girls' selfless intentions, April remains silent for the rest of the walk to the owner's box. Sitting in what can only be described as a throne, Mistress Storm sits up, taking note of the new arrival to her private box.
Taking in the sight of the demure Sabine and her petite five-foot height, Mistress Storm quickly sizes up Sabine, and places her firmly in the non-threatening category. Sabine's carefully trained eyes pick up Mistress Storm's dismissal of her, placing her in the non-threatening category. The purple-haired Kodachi is used to it; she prefers it that way, they never expect the demure one to have the sharpest claws.
Mistress Storm is a Nubian goddess, her dark skin is the color of cinnamon, and her hazel eyes are framed by her intricate braid-work. She has a striking resemblance to Grace Jones. Addressing Sabine, "So you're with the woman who stormed my home and failed to save the little bitch Stef. I'm so glad I could help reunite such long-lost loves."
Years of dealing with her lover's unique temperament, has honed Sabine into the master of manipulation that would make Carnac the Magnificent look like a two-bit Vegas act. Basically, she's gonna play Mistress Storm like a child's kazoo. Smirking, Sabine reacts to Mistress Storm's verbal barb. "Oh yeah, I saw Maddy. I also watched as Tabatha took her out like she was a bitch on a leash."
Mistress Storm, unclear of Tabatha's injuries can only go by Sabine's non-reaction to her nagging. Mistress Storm inquires, "So, what music would your girls like to use for their entrance."
Grinning, Sabine knows the perfect song, "'Here Comes the Boom' by Nelly."
Security keep watch over the two women getting ready for their fight.
Bex addresses them, "Hey, rent-a-goon. Do we wait 'til her majesty needs us to fight?"
The rent-a-goon simply nods an affirmation.
Domino laughs at the absolute display of stoicism ever displayed. "Nervous energy, huh, Bex?"
Glancing over to Domino, Bex laughs it off, "Nah, just ready to go. I'm looking forward to beating something down."
The guard taps his earpiece. "It's time, ladies."
The first few beats of 'Here Comes the Boom' begin to blare throughout the converted warehouse slash casino. Domino gives Bex a double high-five, shouting the Kodachi mantra, "TAKE WHAT YOU CAN!"
With Bex shouting back, "GIVE NOTHING BACK!"
Making their way to the ring, Bex and Domino begin playing up the crowd. The spectators not accustomed to seeing two women like Bex and Domino heading to the ring, start to shout a deluge of boos and jeers. Working the crowd into a frenzy of boos, the pair enter the ring, as the announcer begins his introduction.
"Wearing red and black, she stands six-foot-three-inches tall, from Chicago, Illinois; she represents Bubblegum Princess Inc. The one and only, Domino."
Domino raises her arms, working the crowd, showing she's a badass.
"Wearing orange and black, she stands five-foot-ten-inches tall, from Metropolis, Illinois; she also represents Bubblegum Princess Inc. She goes by Bex."
The announcer points to the other entrance. "And your reigning champions are the Fabulous Ones."
Matt and Nick burst through the curtain, as the first notes of 'Sharp Dressed Man' by ZZ Top ring out. The two men, dressed much like 'Magic Mike' extras, are dancing and gyrating to the crowd, as women attempt to paw and grab at them. The mint-green and yellow pants, match the bow ties and look like they came out of the party-city version of how to be a male model.
The ref addresses the four fighters, motions for the fight to start, and then bails out of the ring. Bex and Domino move in perfect synchronicity. Both have this level of comfort with each other from years of Bex sparring and training with Domino, back when she first arrived on the island.
Both girls cross each other, switching spots with each other, throwing Matt and Nick off balance; both girls land powerful front kicks, followed by separate combinations of punches and kicks sending the two male models stumbling back in a defensive posture.
Pressing the attack, Bex and Domino switch spots again, keeping Matt and Nick off balance at the unconventional fighting style. The duo of warrior women snap off another dazzling combination of front kicks and punches, knocking both Matt and Nick to the ground. While Domino begins working the crowd, drinking in the boos and jeers, Bex joins Domino bumping forearms. The duo teases the crowd, hamming it up for the audience.
"Hey Domino, how pissed do you think Mistress Storm is?"
"Well, Bex, remember when Obama won the 2012 election?"
Bex begins laughing, causing Domino to laugh.
Watching the two women thoroughly embarrass her two champions is starting to piss off Mistress Storm. Breaking the flute of champagne in her leather-gloved hand, she glares at Sabine, who is sipping her margarita.
"Seems your boys aren't doing so well. I hope you weren't counting on them against my girls; they never stood a chance," Sabine snickers, in the very frustrated mistress's direction.
Glaring at Sabine. "I may have underestimated your team's talent."
Sabine watches the fight from behind sips of her cocktail. Domino and Bex complement each other, like Ginger Rogers complemented Fred Astaire, they move like dance partners completely overwhelming the two normally competent fighters. But it's the difference of being an Olympic athlete to a collegiate-level athlete-- they are worlds apart. Their tough Mistress Storm didn't pick bad choices, but barroom hooligans aren't a match for trained fighters.
Domino hits her strongest kick on Nick, watching him hit the mat being completely knocked out. Matt stops his confrontation, and checks on Nick, saying he yields to worrying about his brother.
Sabine, finishing her drink, turns to Mistress Storm, "Well, it looks like we win. I'll take my winnings now."
With a snap of her finger, April appears carrying an external hard drive and a manila envelope. Presenting them to Sabine, April quickly bows and leaves the two women alone.
Mistress Storm states, "Here is what you've requested. Now, please enjoy the rest of your evening somewhere else that's not in my private box seats."
Grabbing the hard drive and envelope, Sabine exits, heading to meet up with Domino and Bex, who have already showered and changed and are headed to the bar. Enjoying the next fight, all three friends celebrate and enjoy some drinks. Putting her arms around the two fighters, Sabine gives her friends a quick kiss on the cheek. Holding the hard drive and envelope, "Thank you so much. I don't think I could have faced Cobalt without these," waving the winnings, smiling brightly.
Ordering another round, the trio's vision is focused on the ring being prepared for the next fight. The announcer begins his spiel, "From badstreet USA, she is currently undefeated, the Wild Child Jessica Wild."
The Motley Crue song, 'Wild Side' begins playing, when the yellow-and-black-haired Jessica Wild comes walking down the aisle to the crowd erupting in cheers and adulation.
Sabine motions to Domino and Bex, "Hey, it's Jessica. She didn't stick around after helping me escape Maddy's trap? I guess this is why she wanted to keep her cover in place. We have to talk to her before we leave. Is that cool with everyone?"
Bex and Domino nod, tipping their beer bottles to agree with Sabine, watching Jessica play up the crowd, climbing into the ring to face her opponent. Tipping her beer back, Domino addresses the other two women, "This is gonna be a quick fight."
Bex nods in agreement, while Sabine, looking confused, asks, "How do you know that, Domino? I mean the guy in the luchador mask is big as fuck."
Domino and Bex simultaneously drink, when Domino replies, "I know what Jessica can do, and she's gonna eat Lucha Lucha for fucking lunch; just watch."
Bex nods in agreement. "Jessica is gonna make super quick work of Mr. Mask."
The masked fighter turns away from Jessica to yell at the crowd, only to feel Jessica has clamped him in a bear hug and is now in the process of German suplexing the masked man. With a thunderous boom, he lands on his head, allowing the aptly named Jessica Wild to go wild, slamming the poor man's head repeatedly into the mat. The referee quickly calls for the bell, attempting to yank the still-fighting Jessica off her limp opponent, calling her the winner of said bout.
About thirty minutes later, Jessica walks in like a gunfighter walking into an old-time saloon. Jessica's medium-length hair is tied and braided, but still you can see the canary yellow peeking through the braid; she's sporting a black-and-yellow-spiked collar. The leather is black and spikes are yellow, all about a half-inch high, very early-'80s punk style. Her black shirt and yellow skirt are both very stylish and custom. The shirt is patterned with Pacman eating small dicks, with 'Eat a Dick' written underneath. The skirt is yellow with black skulls along the hemline, with black stockings and some yellow and black boots with 'Bad Bitch' scrawled on the side of them.
In a way only Jessica can do, she saunters over to the girls of Bubblegum Princess Inc. "'Sup, ladies? You catch my fight? I noticed you guys were before me, nice moves. If I had a partner, I could actually trust I'd love a shot at you two."
Domino and Bex both take the compliment and give one in return, "Fuck, fighting you just one on one, would be a hell of a fight; not sure any of us would ever be the same after."
Bex nods and Jessica just agrees, "Well fuck. Hey, Sabine, what's it been, like twelve hours since I last saw you? L-O-L."
Sabine gives Jessica a hug. "Thanks for the save. Now that you have a beer, maybe you can explain a little better why you were there in the first place."
Jessica takes a swig. "Since Cobalt went solo, and seriously causing everyone trouble wherever that girl goes, I've been keeping an eye on you for her. I'd hoped maybe the Blue Devil would maybe forgive me!"
Sabine, with anger, grits her teeth, "Oh don't worry about my love, Cobalt; she's happily been fucking women across the United States. She'll be making it up to me for a long time. I'll make her behave!"
Domino giving a playful punch to Jessica's arm, "You got a lot of receipts coming. And I'm first for that sucker punch back at the mansion."
Never flinching or backing down, Jessica knows she has miles and miles of work to make up for her betrayal to the only people she's ever considered friends. She is nervously biting her nails; her internal struggle has only just begun. "I really hope I didn't permanently fuck this up."
***********
The black '67 Impala pulls into the Pussywillow Ranch. Stepping out of the cold AC of the Impala, and into the scorching heat of the Arizona desert, it absolutely engulfs the two weary travelers.
Cobalt is struck by a purple-haired freak slamming into her full force, tackling her to the ground. Our raven-haired, blue-streaked badass Cobalt is currently under her love, Sabine. The purple wrecking ball has currently knocked the wind out of her, and is now furiously kissing her partner. It's only moments when Sabine's emotions overtake her, striking Cobalt with small hits, "Stupid, stupid, stupid girl; how could you run away like that!"
Struggling to breathe, Cobalt pulls her lover into her arms, kissing her deeply. "I'm so sorry, Tidbit, I love you so much, I'm so sorry!" Her lips on her love, sparks an inferno of lust between the two that explodes in a display of abandonment-- clothes, panties, bras and everything in between, become a shredded-confetti mess.
Cobalt's mouth engulfs Sabine's breast, taking her nipple ring in her mouth, pulling sharply, drawing a moan from Sabine's purple-tinted lips. Sabine runs her hands through Cobalt's long black and blue-streaked hair firmly, then Sabine yanks Cobalt's head back, kissing her deeply. In this moment, the world has ceased to exist, and only Cobalt and Sabine matter.
Deedee watches the display going on in front of her, the unbridled passion on display for the world to see, bringing a smile to her face.
The redhead named, Trixie, slips an arm around Deedee. "Let's give them..." she laughs, "I was going to say privacy, but this is the front yard. So more like, not an audience."
Cobalt runs her hands over Sabine's lolita-like body; her slender build promises pleasure in its own special way. Sabine pulls Cobalt to her wet pussy. Cobalt plunges her tongue deep into her lover's pussy.
Moaning in pleasure, Sabine moans, "Oh, baby. Yes, just like that. Lick me just like that." Sabine's words spur on Cobalt to lap furiously. The Princess of Cats has always loved licking Sabine's very wet slit. The very act makes Cobalt so fucking wet, it's ridiculous.
Trixie escorts Deedee into her home, passing by Freyja, who is transfixed by her daughter having sex with her lover in the front yard. Freyja finally speaks in a husky, breathy tone, "Well, this reunion is a long-time coming and young passion burns hot," chuckling.
A mischievous grin crosses Freyja's face, as watching the passionate display is making the queen incredibly horny. With a little grumbling internally,"Fucking hormones from pregnancy fucking with my brain."
Sabine latches her legs around Cobalt's head. Sabine grinds her pussy into Cobalt's waiting mouth. "Lick me, lick me, lick me, babe!" Gathering some of Sabine's wetness, Cobalt teasingly plays with Sabine's ass. Growling in lust, Sabine begs for Cobalt to fuck her ass, "I love you, babe. Fuck me, fuck me!"
Cobalt rolls her tongue along the outer labia of Sabine's wet snatch. The purple-haired Kodachi begins arching her back, as a thunderous orgasm begins rolling through her body, causing her to tremble. "You evil bitch, Cobalt! SUCK MY CLIT! PLEASE, SUCK MY CLIT!"
Hearing her lover scream her name, draws a little grin to Cobalt's lips, and a desire in her pussy. Placing her black-painted lips around the erect clit, poking out from its hood gently; ever so softly, Cobalt's tongue begins flicking the underside of Sabine's clit, causing another full-throated moan, "Oh God! Baby, YES! YES! YES, just like that!"
Cobalt is still lapping her lover's pussy, lovingly suckling at Sabine's inner labia, planting gentle kisses on Sabine's pubic area. Cobalt nuzzles her face in Sabine's crotch, like a cat marking its property, placing a loving kiss along Sabine's thigh.
While the lovers are lost in the inferno of their passion being reunited, Domino, Deedee, Trixie, and Tasha continue unloading the car, while walking around the two women practically shooting a porn movie in poor Trixie's front yard.
Deedee is still in a complete state of shock. "So, is this like normal behavior for these two?" motioning to the two women having full-blown intercourse on the lawn.
Domino giving a laugh, shoves Deedee to keep moving. "Well, maybe not normal, but it's definitely very Cobalt and Sabine behavior."
Deedee hands off her box to Sissy, who catches her first glimpse of the return of her friend Cobalt. And it's in the midst of having sex with Sabine on the front lawn. Deedee is still enthralled watching the sex act, before catching sight of Domino unraveling the garden hose, before turning it on Cobalt and Sabine to a cacophony of girly sounds and shrieks.
Cobalt and Sabine keep giving each other lustful looks, while putting on fresh jeans and a shirt. Sabine says, with a genuine smile, "I missed you not being around to kiss and hold."
With a twinge of guilt, Cobalt replies, "I'm sorry, Tidbit, but no-- no excuses, I'm just fucking sorry."
Sabine places a loving kiss on her lover's lips, one filled with love and forgiveness. "Oh you'll be making it up to me for a long time. I'll figure out an appropriate punishment for this act of stupidity later." Wrapping her arms around the Princess of Cats, "You ever pull that shit again, and we're done!"
Cobalt sees the sparks of anger flickering in her lover's eyes, knowing Sabine is deadly serious. "By the goddess, I swear I'll never run away again, Tidbit."
Pulling Sabine in close, planting another deep kiss, Cobalt's tongue frantically explores Sabine's mouth playing with the purple-haired Kodachi's tongue. Taking Cobalt's hand, Sabine guides her lover and friend to the kitchen, "Let's eat, I'm hungry." Giving Cobalt a wide smile, "Trixie's planned an epic Christmas party, and it starts with the lunch I cooked."
Cobalt confused, asks, "What party? I thought that this was just a hangout thing?"
Shaking her head in disapproval. "No, this is a giant Xmas party, it's a big deal. You'll see all the girls have been working hard on it. Fuck, I've been cooking up a storm."
Slipping her arm around Sabine, Cobalt walks into the kitchen with her to greet the rest of the girls waiting for Cobalt's return.
Before they reach the kitchen area, Cobalt grips Sabine hand firmly, causing Sabine to pause. The purple-haired pixie turns to Cobalt, "You okay, babe?"
Taking a deep breath, "Yeah, just facing the girls after running away is tough."
Sabine kisses Cobalt's cheek, "It'll be okay, babe. No one is more mad than me; they're all just glad you're back, babe."
Entering the large kitchen, Cobalt sees the lunch spread Sabine has made, and it's impressive-- homemade mac and cheese, burgers, hotdogs and barbecue chicken boneless thighs and breasts. And, of course, the girls of Bubblegum Princess Inc.
Domino, Bex, Sissy, Tasha, Trixie and Queen Freyja. Cobalt wonders what brings her mom to a party away from the island. Waiting around the kitchen, the group anxiously waits to welcome the prodigal member back.
Everyone rushes to her, giving Cobalt a hug. Through the mass of people, the Princess of Cats sees her mother's faint smile. Much like Cobalt's nickname of Princess of Cats, it is Freyja of the Faint Smile, that is moms.
The girls in unison, "Welcome back, boss!" in a boisterous tone.
Watching her usually stoic mother give her a nod, it's honestly been the first time Cobalt has been in the same place as her mom, since she left the island and became a teen again. Freyja leaving her daughter to reunite with her friends, gives a little nod before leaving her daughter to her company.
The small talk and excited chatter continues over the lunch meal with two groups forming. It seems Trixie had made plans for a horseback ride through the desert trails to a really nice swimming hole and camping area. It seems Tasha, Domino, Deedee, Sherry and Vicious all love the idea of going to ride horses. After many failed attempts to get Cobalt and Sabine to ride horses, both girls adamantly state it's never gonna happen.
Domino gives a burn to Cobalt, about being scared of horses. She retorts they're dangerous at both ends and tricky in the middle. Domino, in her black cowboy hat and boots, waves by before running to catch up to the other riding girls.
Trixie and Tasha begin the process of preparing the horses to ride. Tasha begins conversing with Domino, "How come Cobalt and Sabine didn't join us?"
Domino laughing, "Cobalt and Sabine are two of the smartest fierce women I know. But they absolutely don't do trampling around the woods; think more room service than camping." Tasha and Domino begin laughing with each other.
Sherry, skipping and dancing, is sporting a new medium-length haircut with its silver tips. Deedee pulls Sherry into a hug, "You have a second, Deedee?"
"Sure Sherry, what's up?"
Sherry checking her own horse, "So I'm stepping away from Sacred Hearts as Vice Principal."
Hearing the news, Deedee can't keep the surprise off her face.
Sherry continues, "I've decided you'll be the next vice-principal, Deedee."
"Thank you, Sherry. I hope I can do as good a job as you. Thank you for the opportunity."
Deedee's horse is actually next to Vicious's. Thinking to herself, there's no time like the present. "Hey Vicious, do you have a moment?"
"Sure Deedee, right?" Vicious asks, not quite sure.
Deedee laughing, "Yeah, the nickname's kinda new, but it's grown on me."
Vicious surmises, with knowing smirk, "Let me guess, a certain Princess of Cats gave you a new name?"
Deedee rubs her short pixie cut with its blue tint, "Yeah, but that's not what I wanted to ask you about. Why's Sherry leaving the school? Everyone loves her; you love her."
Vicious can't keep the sadness from her eyes or tone. "She wants to work with Cobalt and the girls in the field, to be really be in the fight. I think she may still have some unresolved feelings for a certain Princess, but that's just my opinion."
Deedee pulls Vicious in for a hug. "After the party, she's going with Cobalt, back as her personal maid. I'd kill to see Cobalt's face when Sherry tells her she's back. I think she was happy to be rid of Sherry finally. She's gonna freak out when she finds out that Sabine brought her back. I think they plan to torture the poor woman for a while."
Trixie gives Tasha a kiss, "Hey, sexy, did you plot out a fun horse trail?"
Tasha gives Trixie's ass a slap, with a giggle. "You bet your sexy ass, I did!"
The equestrian crew mount up and begin riding the trail. Domino trots along next to Deedee. "Rumor has it you worked with Kitty? What was that like and don't spare the details."
Deedee confused, "Who's Kitty?"
Domino grins, "Kitty is my nickname for Cobalt."
Deedee begins telling the details of the shopping adventure and getting caught having sex with a store associate by the store's owner.
Domino begins laughing, "No way, that's so Kitty, getting pussy and then getting caught."
The girls, all lost in conversations and enjoying the scenic views of the desert, reach a natural lake and the campgrounds. Hopping off the horses, the girls let them relax, drinking from the spring.
Domino begins stripping out of her clothes, chucking them into a pile, sparking the rest of the girls to begin stripping and jumping in the water. Sherry and Vicious are talking; Domino, seeing it's not a very pleasant conversation, does a cannonball, splashing both with a wave of water.
Both girls scream at the intrusion, but burst into laughter. Vicious, smiling, turns to Sherry, "Hey, let's have fun and say goodbye like friends."
Sherry slipped behind Vicious poking her in the butt with her womanhood. "You bet, I'll miss you, too. I think Deedee has an eye for you. You should go play with her. I'd love to see it."
Deedee, shedding her clothing, is standing with the blue sky as her contrast, her cock tucked back, she dutifully plays the part of being a demure woman.
Vicious seeing the apprehension in the timid Deedee, approaches her, taking her hand as the two walk to a more-secluded area of the lake.
Trixie slipping her arms around Sherry, asks, "You okay, sugar?"
Sherry, holding Trixie's arms, replies, "I am. I need to be by Cobalt's side making sure she acts like a proper young lady. That's my mission, and by helping her, I help others like me."
Tash puts Sherry between the two, in a very intimate squishing, moans softly how she's always wondered what chick dick feels like. Trixie giving a devilish grin, "Think you can satisfy both of us, Sherry?"
Groaning, Sherry feels Tasha and Trixie playing with her cock and probing her ass, causing the cutest, little sounds to escape her silver-tinted lips.
Domino, sunbathing, watches the people she's grown to love more than friends, as an ever-growing family. The red-eyed warrior's mind wanders to a memory she hadn't thought about in years. Slipping her earbuds on from her phone, asking Eve to play her Bubblegum Crisis playlist. The first notes of 'Think About The Benevolent Hug' begins playing by Yuiko Tsubokura; the hauntingly beautiful melody draws an old memory of a bygone life of the red-eyed warrior.
~~~~~
The young Domino rushes home after the neighbors called her, saying it was happening again. 'It' happening was her mom's asshole boyfriend abusing her. Hopefully this time, it wasn't sexually and only verbally, but regardless, Domino had to do something. Flying into her neighborhood on her trusty skateboard, the black-haired, red-eyed girl was no stranger to danger and risks, having bested many boys at the skatepark. Taking the three steps to her mobile home in one bound, skateboard in hand, Domino burst through the door like SWAT taking down a crack house. The irony wasn't lost on Domino, rushing into the house, seeing her mother's boyfriend raping her mother. Her mother is cowering, clothing ripped, Roger's cock hanging out.
Roger, with a fury and rage burning in his eyes, turns that anger to a young Domino, grabbing her by the throat, shoving her further into the living room. Domino went tumbling, crashing through the coffee table, knocking her a little silly. In that moment, Roger whipped Domino's mom with his belt, telling her not to move or cover up.
Domino being knocked around, could see Priss from Bubblegum Crisis in her mind, asking her was this how she planned to be a coward curled on the floor, or was she a fighter like Priss, and gonna get up and fuck this asshole up. Domino looking to Priss, felt Roger moving in closer, moving over her sprawled-out body, his evil intentions obvious.
Feeling her skateboard under her arm, Domino shot up to her knees, swinging her skateboard to crash into Roger's balls. With a thunderous crack, sending the rock-hard Roger to his knees, screaming in pain, allowing the feisty warrior to then baseball swing at Roger's poor head, knocking the bastard out. Domino pulled her mom up, helping her get dressed, grabbed Roger's keys to his truck, and raced off to safety.
~~~~~
Domino, snapping back out of her memory, sees a concerned Sherry has been watching her zone out, lost in a memory of her youth-- the moment she knew she'd never back down or be weak to anyone. Sherry, slipping her arm around the red-eyed woman, gives her a gentle peck on the cheek.
Domino whispers, "I'm glad you're coming back, missed you and your torturing of Kitty; I missed that, too."
The two friends share a moment of sincere laughter, at the soon to be very displeased Princess of Cats' impending doom. Domino, with a devilish idea to really set the tone for the Christmas party, says she's riding back naked, and wonders if any of the others will join her. In drying off from the lake on the way back, while riding the horses naked on the trail, Domino giggles, "This will set the tone for the rest of the party."
*********
Jessica Wild is skulking around the ranch; her walking takes her to a smaller barn more for tools and storage items. "Fuck, I know Cobalt's never gonna let the mansion incident go. I was working for the Network. I had orders, and it was for her own damn good." Quickly, Jessica notices she's not alone-- Freyja's in here with her, catching her off guard. "Fuck me, sorry, um, Queen, um, Freyja. I'll find someplace else to be."
Freyja takes in the sight of the young woman. "So you're the infamous Jessica Wild, from the assault on Blackstone. Up 'til that particular mission, you were spoken quite fondly by my daughter."
Jessica, never one to back down to anyone, nods. "Yeah, I've recently left the Network. I can't be a part of it anymore. I got a new direction in life."
Freyja letting her golden glare be cast upon Jessica. "So, you wish to become a member of Bubblegum Princess Inc."
"Your daughter's the first person to treat me as a person; not a weapon, not a tool, just another warrior, a friend and I was forced to throw it away. I've never regretted being me. I love being me and doing what I've trained to do. I've resigned from the Network and taken solo jobs and fights at clubs and casinos." Jessica is still keeping her composure in the unrelenting gaze of the Queen of the Kodachi.
"Do you feel you deserve a second chance to fight by my daughter's side, Jessica? She needs strong people by her side. Are you someone that has such strength to help my daughter in her future fights?"
"I do, Freyja. Whatever I have to do to win back your daughter's trust, I'll do. Whatever she needs of me, she'll receive with all my being, Queen Freyja."
Freyja's faint smile crosses her lips. It's the nickname her people have bestowed on the Queen of the Kodachi. "Okay, let's see what you bring to the table?" She motions Jessica to attack the still-calm-and-collected Queen.
Jessica gives a sneer, as she quickly closes the distance. Jessica presses her attack, snapping off a kick. Freyja blocking away the kick with merely two fingers, giving a gentle push, sending the kick away from her body.
Jessica having never been blocked with just two fingers-- sure, everyone's had punches and kicks blocked, but not with just two fingers. Jessica quickly regains her balance. "Fuck, this bitch is a monster. I've fought a lot of people. I've fought Cobalt. Her mom is a monster; it's like Beatrice Kiddo versus Pi Mai. And I'm fucking Beatrice."
Jessica, steadying her resolve, begins assessing Freyja's stance, looking for opportunities to strike or, at the very least, make opportunities happen.
Freyja commenting on Jessica's current hesitation, "Was that all my daughter seemed highly complimentary of you, before the mansion incident. I'm not seeing it, you really are nothing special."
Jessica with a fake front kick trying to draw Freyja's attention, switches to her real attack a solid right to which Freyja catches and sends Jessica tumbling past her. Rolling into the throw, Jessica spins, launching into a very dangerous surprise-all-or-nothing pounce strike that brings that faint smile to Freyja's lips, before Jessica hears the fateful sound of Freyja saying, "Almighty push!"
"Wait I'm flying backwards through the air; I was going forward, then Freyja yelled, 'Almighty push!' and now I'm going backwards through the air! Fuck, fuck, OWWWW."
"OWWWW! Damn, I yield! I think you broke my spleen!"
Shaking her head in disapproval, "You'll be fine, what's more important, you may bed my daughter," Freyja states bluntly, like someone doing some mundane task.
Gathering her pride off the ground, dusting herself off, "Did you just say I can bed your daughter? Don't you think Sabine may have an issue with that? I mean they're practically an old married couple."
Freyja looks at the dusty woman named Jessica over. "Yes, but our culture looks at things differently. You'll see, just stay by my side for now."
Walking hand in hand, Cobalt has Sabine's hand in hers as they stroll making small talk when they approach the other girls competing in the knife-throwing ring. Sabine, seeing her partner's eyes light up, she sees Cobalt's competitive nature begin to stir. "Come on Cobalt, let's see you do your thing; show them how it's done." They rush, hand in hand, to the ring.
Giving Sabine a quick kiss, Cobalt rushes off to where Bex and Tabatha are arguing about who is better with knife throwing. Glancing at the participants, it's a very eclectic group, consisting of Bex, Tabatha, who is nursing her injuries she received from Maddy, Sissy, Bunny and Selena.
Cobalt makes her usual cocky entrance, "Never fear, Cobalt is here, and seriously, this is a contest of who's taking second 'cause first is all mine!"
Seeing her prodigal daughter exclaiming she's the best, and never one to turn down a challenge, Freyja states, "I don't recall you ever beating me, my lovely daughter."
Turning to see her mother approaching, with Jessica, causes Cobalt to be surprised and not in her happy-joy-joy way, but rather, in that really-this-bitch? way.
Sabine quickly rushes to her lover's side, seeing Cobalt's eye starting to twitch in anger. "Babe, she's here to make amends. She came with us. She saved me from Maddy on our last mission."
"Fine, Tidbit, but when the time comes, you can't stand in the way. Deal?"
"I have no idea what the fuck you're talking about, but whatever, not now or at this party. Trixie and I worked too fucking hard and long on this party, Cobalt, for you to fuck it up! Got it!"
All eyes are on the approaching Queen of the Kodachi. Freyja, aware she's become the center of attention, begins holding court after being greeted by Tabatha and Bex. "Hello, Your Majesty," the girls replay in unison.
Waving off the greeting girls, Freyja says, "It's a party, let's keep it casual. What's going on here?"
Tabatha speaking up, "Bex thinks she's better than me at knife throwing. I think she's lost her mind, and I know I'm better than Bex."
With all eyes on Freyja, she says, "This is an obvious case of third place 'cause looking around, I see Cobalt, Tabatha, Bex, and Jessica as the only ones capable of throwing knives. With Sissy, was it, and her two friends kinda being spectators."
Sabine, having dealt with the Queen and Cobalt all her life, knows how to effectively navigate the Queen and Princess. "Queen Freyja, I'm sure the girls would relent if you and the Princess just gave a quick demonstration on why you are one and two, and I've a few ideas to make it a fun game for everyone."
Cobalt steps forward, glancing around the ring, throwing a knife not at any target but behind her and up placing a knife directly into the chicken weather vane that's four times the distance of any target, hitting it dead center. Tabatha and Bex look at each other, gobsmacked at the distance and accuracy of the throw; Jessica just smiles, seeing the younger version of Cobalt is a little nerve racking, but she can see why she's a moth to the inferno, that is the Princess of Cats.
Freyja, always a bit of a show off, is beaming with pride on the inside, although her exterior doesn't show. Carefully picking up a rock, tossing it up and down, Freyja pulls a blade in her right hand, while juggling the rock. Freyaj, left-handed, tosses the rock into a tree, causing a bird to begin taking to the air for safety, when the knife cuts through the air bringing the bird crashing to the earth, dead with a knife in its body.
Cobalt smirking to herself, "Mom always was the best; she taught me, after all."
The argument over first and second has been squashed, but Sabine sees her opportunity. "So, Tabatha, Bex and Jessica will be competing to see who's third; the winner will get a favor from the queen, and an opportunity to challenge Cobalt or Freyja to a duel, if you choose to."
The three warriors all look at each other, nodding in agreement. Bex speaks up, "That's fair, we can agree to those terms."
Sissy slowly approaches Queen Freyja. Sissy performs a curtsy for Queen Freyja. "Hello, Your Majesty. May my friends and I join in? We're not the skilled warriors you and your people are, but it looks like fun, and we would love to participate as well."
Freyaj taking in the Lolita-like girl named Sissy. "Oh my, are you the infamous Sissy I've read so much about in the reports?"
Smiling brightly, Sissy responds, "Yes, Your Majesty, I am." The pink-clad Sissy's dress is custom pale pink, with cream-yellow accents, and buttons give the custom dress a child-like look with a touch of sophistication from a master craftsman. Her cream-colored shoes are trimmed in red accents and red ankle socks.
The queen of the Kodachi responds, "Absolutely, would you like to choose one of the skilled warriors for you and your friends to help."
Sissy doing another curtsy, "Thank you, Your Majesty." Sissy looks around, "I choose Cobalt as my partner."
Cobalt, with her Cheshire-like smile crossing her lips, addresses Sissy, "Are you sure, babe? Mom's not just bragging, she's really a good teacher, too."
Shaking her pink-and-blonde hair, Sissy replies, "Nope, I'm with you. I wanna hang out with my best friend and catch up."
Pulling Sissy into a big hug, Cobalt gives her a kiss on the cheek. Glancing over at Selena and Bunny, she says, "You bet,Sissy, seems we have a lot to catch up on." Both Selena and Bunny are watching Cobalt with interest, while whispering to each other.
Sabine joins the hug with Cobalt and Sissy, giving her lover a quick kiss on the lips. Freyja asks Sabine to judge the competition. Sabine, grateful to be spared the actual participating in the knife competition, accepts the judge's role graciously.
Selena, seeing her opportunity, approaches Freyja. "Excuse me, Your Majesty," giving a little curtsy, "I'd love to partner with an actual Queen ma'am."
Taking in the young girl's appearance, the stunning beauty is wearing a custom dress that's inspired by Simca from Air Gear, and worn in the series. It's a short, long-sleeved dress, paired with knee-length green boots.
Freyja graciously greets Selena, "If you'd like to work with me, I have no issue, but if I'm Queen then my daughter, Cobalt, is a Princess. I've found most young girls are more fascinated with Princesses than evil Queens," chuckling.
Cobalt shouts, "Mother! I don't parade my title around like others do."
Giving her daughter a dismissive wave, "You cannot change the fact you are my daughter. You are a princess." Addressing Selena, "Cobalt's never been very comfortable with her royal title."
Selena was a little in awe and starstruck by Freyja. "Well, I definitely choose you, Your Majesty."
Tentatively, the blonde, known as Bunny, approaches the pink-haired Kodachi named Tabatha. "Will you be my partner?"
Bex, a little indignant, asks, "What the hell, Bunny; why Tabatha?"
Blushing, Bunny replies, "I love her pink hair."
Tabatha bursts into laughter, "Pink hair for the win, bitch. Hahaha."
Bex feeling dejected, "Well since no one loves me, I guess I'll go first."
Sabine approaches Bex, carrying three throwing knives. "Well, you're up, Bex."
Making her first round of throws. Bex hits a pretty decent score; it's scored much like a dart board.
Bunny clutches Tabatha's arm, as they shuffle up to the throwing area. "We'll go next, and you, Bex, might want to take notes to see how this is done." Tabatha carefully instructs Bunny on how to hold and throw the knives. Feeling all eyes on her and Bunny, she steps back, watching the timid blonde attempt to throw the knife. Bunny sends the knife sailing through the air, kinda towards the target, but it never quite hits the target.
Bunny blushes, "Sorry, I didn't do very well, but it was fun." Quickly leaving Tabatha behind, Bunny rushes back to hold Sissy.
Cobalt watches the petite blonde clutching onto Sissy, like a small child clutches a security blanket. Hiding her laughter, Cobalt watches in morbid fascination, Sissy attempting to give the scared, timid blonde, named Bunny, comfort.
The protective instincts in Cobalt bubble to the surface in response to the nudge. "You gonna introduce me to your little friend?" motioning to the curly blonde-haired girl with pale-green eyes. She's wearing a white crop-top and a pair of very skimpy, white shorts that are tight enough to read the date of the change in her back pocket. Around her neck, is a pink-leather collar, with a rabbit engraved on it. Cobalt can tell it's one Sissy made.
Sissy finally speaks up, "Oh, this, Cobalt, is Bunny. We sorta saved her last mission, she's kinda become super attached to me and I enjoyed having her around, helping me with different projects." Cobalt and Sissy continue their idle conversation.
Tabatha, picking up her knives, is preparing for her turn to prove her own talent with the blades. Tabatha goes through her own round, tossing her knives at the targets, scoring a little better than Bex's score, bringing a little happy dance to erupt in Tabatha's mind.
Freyja converses with Jessica in hushed tones. After the conversation, Jessica confidently strides to the throwing line. Freyja's words are still ringing in Jessica's ears, "You have to win this. My daughter respects power and talent. If you want her forgiveness, you have to best her friend's."
Clearing her mind, Jessica lets her knives sail through the air, striking a truly impressive score passing both Bex and Tabatha. She catches Cobalt giving her a little smile, before returning to her standoffish default look to Jessica.
Selena, with Freyja, steps up, picking up her knives. Cobalt watching her mother, brings an old memory of Freyja showing her how to throw a knife.
A young Cobalt bounded down the path, with her mother in tow, excited today she gets to learn how to use throwing knives. Freyja taking her time showing her daughter all the proper techniques. Cobalt remembers it's one if the few times her mom ever had a full smile on her face, watching her daughter get better with every throw, scooping the young girl up in her arms, Freyja kissing her cheeks. "I'm so proud of you, my little blue devil!"
Sabine, giving Cobalt a kiss on the cheek, draws her from the memory. Cobalt feeling a twinge of jealousy, seeing her mom being caring to another. Selena steps up and goes through her turn; she actually hits the target, and scores some actual points.
Conversing with Sissy, "Look at you, still dating Selena and now you've got a pet in the pretty blonde. You've come a long way from the creepy girl that enjoyed messing with Domino. I'm super proud of you, babe."
Sissy blushing at the compliment, "Thank you Cobalt, but what about you? How are you doing?"
Patting Sissy's back, "I'm a lot better, Sissy, thank you for asking. So, you gonna win this thing, or let Selena shine today?"
Sissy's mask slips a moment, showing her surprise, "How did you know I'd been practicing?"
Chuckling, Cobalt replies, "You've not asked me a single question, asked for a tip on how to throw. You'd never allow yourself to be made a fool of, so this isn't something you don't know how to do."
Sissy unable to hide her grin, "I'm gonna let Selena win. I did bring a woman home with me, so you aren't the only one who has making up to do."
Cobalt gives Sissy a gentle nudge, laughing, "You're up. This will definitely make up for your little escapade with Bunny."
Sissy approaches the line with poise and grace, carefully taking the knives in her hand. Sissy carefully throws her knives, making sure her score comes under Selena's, so that she can win the kiss from whoever she wants.
Sabine calculating the scores. First place is Jessica Wild; second place is Bex Reid; third place is Tabatha Saint John.
First is Selena; second is Sissy; third is Bunny.
Sabine puts her arm around Cobalt's waist. The purple-haired warrior gives her lover Cobalt a kiss on the cheek. "Hey, sexy. Cobalt, I know you still have hard feelings about Jessica. But she saved me and Tabatha from Maddy's ambush."
Giving Sabine a kiss on the lips, Cobalt comforts her lover, "I'll be good for you, babe, but Jessica and I still have unfinished business."
Kissing Cobalt back, "You bet, sexy. I know you'll be your very Cobalty best."
Selena speaking with Sissy, "Sissy, do you mind if I kiss the Queen. I mean its royalty and what are the odds I ever get the chance." Sissy gives a deep reassuring kiss telling her to enjoy herself.
Meekly, Selena approaches the Queen to receive her prize. "Um, Your Majesty, may I receive a kiss from you."
Hamming it up, Freyja begins acting shocked at the choice, before she pulls Selena into a truly sensual kiss, that turns the poor girl into a blob of goo.
Taking the lighthearted moment, Jessica addresses the girls. "I know I messed up. I have a lot of making up to do, but I just want the chance to prove myself to all of you."
Tabatha and Bex put their arms around Jessica, pulling her in a friendly hug. "Well, you gonna have to take a lot of shit, but I'm on with you," smiles the pink haired Kodachi Tabatha; much to the dismay of a very annoyed Princess of Cats, seeing the personal feelings on this new love-fest for the traitorous bitch, Jessica--fucking--Wild.
***********
Domino and the girls return to Pussywillow Ranch, naked, on the backs of their horses. Cobalt and Sabine witness the girls returning to the ranch. Cobalt and Sabine give each other a very knowing look that says they love their insane friends and the crazy shit they do. Trixie shouts out to all the girls, "Everyone, go change! The concert starts in an hour; your dresses are in the living room, a gift from the Queen!" The murmurs begin in a small rumble, as women run off in the direction of the dresses.
Trixie is sitting in her room with Tasha, getting her outfit ready for the concert taking place on the stage she had built on her ranch's property. Even though Trixie's been known as a world-famous pop idol, all that seems like a lifetime ago becoming confident in her new life, her new skin. (*more details read Rise of the Bubblegum Princess.) Slipping her purple thong up her tan legs, making sure it's snug in all the right places, she pulls her emerald-green dress that really accentuates her red hair and lightly freckled face.
Tasha runs her hands over Trixie's enormous chest, "You're so fucking sexy, babe."
Trixie giggles, "Thanks, babe."
Tasha making small talk, "You're going through a lot of trouble to help Cobalt helping her propose to Sabine, letting Freyja close out the concert. I'm curious, why?"
Sitting down at her vanity, Trixie begins her ritual of getting her stage face on. "Well, Tasha, it's my way of thanking them for all they've done for me. It's the least I can do."
Tasha begins to massage her lover's shoulders. "You are an amazing friend to the girls." As the black-haired woman of Hispanic descent kisses Trixie's neck. Tasha begins cupping Trixie's enormous chest, massaging her breasts gently through the fabric.
A subtle moan escapes the ginger's lips, "Oh, you little bitch, getting me revved up."
Giving a devilish smile, "Nope, I've got to start getting ready myself. I have to see what dress I was gifted and do my ownX makeup, but I'm so excited for the concert. Knock 'em dead, babe."
Sherry frantically works on the mass of tangles and split ends, that's the hair belonging to Cobalt Kodachi. Sherry is just bedside herself at Cobalt's complete lack of an actual beauty routine, including plucking her eyebrows.
"Seriously, Cobalt, don't you own a goddamn hair brush!"
Cobalt yelping, "Owww, hey, that's attached to my head, you know!"
Sherry scolds the Princess of Cats for a complete lack of personal grooming. And any interest in the particular topics.
Sherry is a master beautician and is frantically, furiously cutting, plucking and working her magic on Cobalt. Sherry is making the Princess of Cats' hair in the style that Elsa wore in the animated movie 'Frozen'. Sherry is giving her undivided attention to the Kodachi's eyebrows, plucking away, when Sherry takes a break.
The Princess of Cats runs her fingers over her eyebrows, making sure she still has them. "Fuck. Sherry, tell me you left me some fucking eyebrows."
"Stop whining, Cobalt," putting the brush in the surly Princess's face. "I've got some news for you, missy. I'm back as your personal maid and stylist. And this negligence of grooming is unacceptable," with Sherry stamping her foot for emphasis.
Cobalt's eyes widen in complete shock, as she stammers, "Wait, what? No, I didn't agree to this!"
Sherry is still working her magic, brushing out Cobalt's hair. "Sabine and I have talked. This is going to happen, so I'd accept it with a smile."
Knowing her fate is fucked, Cobalt grumbles to herself. "Great I've got days of Sherry treating me like her personal dress-up doll! Fuck, fuck, fuck!"
Placing a sympathetic kiss on the sulking Princess of Cats, "Oh, come on now, cheer up. I'm gonna make you look amazing for Sabine and your proposal tonight."
Sherry, grabbing the dress and shoes for tonight's outfit, still buzzes around the room, grabbing things for Cobalt tonight, hears the door open, and sees Freyja enter the room, in all her regal glory. Catching sight of the Queen, Sherry quickly rushes to greet the her, giving a little curtsy, "Hello, Your Majesty, how are you doing today?"
Taking in the bouncing, silver-haired beauty, Freyja responds, "I'm very well, little one. How's my little Kitsune doing today?"
In her sickeningly sweet voice, "Oh, she's grumping at me about the makeover she asked for the proposal tonight."
Freyja hands Cobalt a very ornate box. "I brought these for you, to hopefully make your proposal so much more special for you and Sabine."
Opening the box slowly, the Princess of Cats sees her tiara and the ring known as the 'First Treasure'. Slowly picking up the golden tiara, with its sapphires and turquoise stones, it is something fitting for a warrior princess.
She recalls the memory of her first time seeing the tiara, at her Mogi.
Being dressed in her first clan robes, then slipping on the body suit for the first time was a thrill for the young warrior. Sure, she'd played around in her mom's then queen's robe, but it was more like a cape than the second-skin-forming material this was made of.
Picking up the arm gauntlets and gloves, slipping the ornate gauntlets with its intricate engraving and leather work. Next was the sash that hung from her left hip. It's in her light-blue color that matched the streaks of her short hair. The boots went to her knee and had metal shin guards. The whole boot was engraved with intricate, detailed work, showing she's of royal lineage.
Running her hands over her newly placed shoulder pads and back of her attire, she wonders if the back was always so small with her somewhat-whole rear on display to clan and country, or was this just the self-conscious thoughts of a very nervous thirteen-year-old.
"Kitsune, Kitsune..." talking to Cobalt, "You spaced out, my little Kitsune."
"Mother, I've asked you to please not call me that," Cobalt grumbles at Freyja. Looking at the ring, Cobalt audibly gasps, "MOTHER, is that the First Treasure!"
"Kit...Cobalt, yes, it's the ring of the First Treasure."
Carefully picking up the ring, as if it was the Holy Grail itself, Cobalt shows the ring the reverence it deserves. The ring belonged to Queen Elizabeth the Second of England. The diamond is immaculate and cut into a very unique setting, it's decorated in purple and blue gemstones, and was made by a master craftsman whose work hasn't been seen in centuries.
"Mother... still," trying to catch her breath. "This is the First Treasure of the clan. Are you sure I can use this to propose?"
Playing with her daughter's hair, "Yes, my little Kitsune, I mean Cobalt, sorry. I know you don't like that name. After that, please make time so we can talk, my daughter," she gives a gentle kiss on her daughter's cheek. "I'll leave you to finish getting ready. I need to speak with Bex anyway."
Sherry drags Cobalt back to the vanity, and continues working on her, getting her prepared for tonight. Holding the dress open, Cobalt begins slipping into it, while Sherry holds it open. Sherry begins making sure the dress fits in all the right places, and pulls out the skimpiest pair of panties Cobalt has ever seen.
"What the fuck, Sherry. That's not a G-string, that's a goddamn C-string that will barley cover my clit!"
Sherry gives Cobalt the please-stop-complaining look. It's more like a if-you-see-this-look-you-are-getting-on-my-last-nerve look.
Freyja, catching sight of her daughter in her gown and wearing her tiara, is reminded of a time when she saw her little blue devil playing tea party with her stuffed animals. Her little girl with her pigtails was addressing her stuffed animals. The little girl playing with a very expensive ornate tea set, pouring for a blue fox she's named Mr. Jaeger. "It's so wonderful you could make it today, Mr. Jaeger." Pouring a cup to the orange rabbit named Nina. "And Nina, I'm so glad you could make the tea party." Pouring for the pink bear named Maxwell, "See, Maxwell, I told you Nina would make it. You, silly old bear."
The Queen has her faint smile on her lips, leaving, as Sherry begins sealing her daughter up in the giant present box. Freyja laughing to herself, "Only my daughter's friends think a giant present is a good idea."
Sabine, Domino and Tabatha are getting ready in another spare room. Tabatha picks up her black dress, holding it up, "So, Domino, that was some balls, riding back naked and getting all the girls to join in."
Domino, picking up her own red dress, replies, "L-O-L. Well, it was a dare, and it was fun to push the other girls' boundaries."
Joining in on the conversation, Sabine is applying her makeup, "Yeah, I'm not riding a horse, let alone riding one naked; you're insane."
Tabatha focusing on the dress's length, slips it on, noticing it goes a few inches below her more-intimate bits. "Seriously, sometimes I think the Queen does this to me on purpose, just to see me squirm. If I'm not careful bending over, people are gonna get a better look than my gynecologist does!"
Domino bursts into laughter, "Hey, Tabby-Cat, bend over and say 'aaah'. Hahaha." Recovering from her laughter, Domino picks up her own dress. "Holy shit! Of course, Freyja spares no expense on the dresses. Candy's fashions are all custom, one-of-a-kind dresses. I haven't worn anything this expensive since leaving Lost Island." The dress clings to her body like a second skin, the long neck plunges deeply, showing off Domino's ample cleavage; the dress flows and moves with Domino. With a very girlie yelp, "Trust Freyja to think of everything; she included the accessories!" She pulls up some necklaces, earrings, and bracelets.
Sabine, having completed putting on her makeup, begins pulling on her own outfit. It's a very glamorous pantsuit-like costume from Candy's collection; it's tailored perfectly to Sabine's petite frame. Her subtle use of a pale-purple eyeshadow complements the very dark-purple suit, her black shirt, and her matching purple tie with silver tie pin. The watch is a custom job from a well-renowned watchmaker. Surprised that she doesn't have a dress as well, gives a suspicious look to Domino and Tabatha. "Someone wanna fill me in on why I didn't get a dress."
Tabatha looks at Domino, and they shrug signifying they have no idea why she's in the suit and not a dress.
Bex, in the rather large bathroom, clutches the orange, tulip-style dress. It's not really Bex's style, but she can appreciate it; it's a tad shorter than she's normally comfortable with. Hanging the dress back on the shower curtain rod, she pulls out her phone from her pocket, and the orange-haired Kodachi begins playing music. 'In the Air Tonight' sung by Kelly Sweet begins playing. Bex looks in the mirror, and sees her orange-and-black hair is a far cry from her look when she was younger. Bex knows it's not good to open that box of trauma. She's just grateful that Kodachi had recruited her just out of medical college, pulling her out of the abuse she was living twenty-four-seven.
"I can feel it coming in the air tonight, Oh Lord
I've been waiting for this moment, all my life, Oh Lord
Can you feel it coming in the air tonight, Oh Lord, Oh Lord."
Lost in the process of applying her makeup, the enigmatic Bex doesn't realize someone has joined her in the bathroom, to also prepare for tonight's festivities. Slipping behind Bex, the Queen's arms wrap around Bex's waist. Bex feels her hot breath on the nape of her neck, and it brings a longing from deep, deep, deep within Bex's very being.
"Well, if you told me you were drowning
I would not lend a hand
I've seen your face before my friend
But I don't know if you know who I am
Well, I was there and I saw what you did
I saw it with my own two eyes
So you can wipe off the grin, I know where you've been
It's all been a pack of lies."
Whispering into Bex's ear, "What dreadful thoughts have cast such a long face on my Sukoshi Hoseki."
"And I can feel it coming in the air tonight, Oh Lord
I've been waiting for this moment for all my life, Oh Lord
I can feel it in the air tonight, Oh Lord, Oh Lord
And I've been waiting for this moment all my life, Oh Lord, Oh Lord."
Blushing at the Queen's pet name for her, Bex replies, "Nothing I wish to burden my Queen with."
"Well I remember, I remember don't worry
How could I ever forget, it's the first time, the last time we ever met
But I know the reason why you keep your silence up, no you don't fool me
The hurt doesn't show; but the pain still grows
It's no stranger to you or me
And I can feel it coming in the air tonight, Oh Lord..."
Nibbling on her ear, "Would you unburden yourself to your lover? Is it a burden for your lover to wish you happiness."
Blushing at the Queen's overt declarations of love, she replies, "Your Majesty, I am but one of your subjects; my body has always belonged to you, but my heart was given to you freely the day you saved me."
Giving a dismissive wave, and pulling the faded 'Nine Inch Nails' shirt over Bex's orange-and-black hair, tossing it away; allowing Bex's chest to be bared to the world. The queen begins massaging the suddenly exposed breasts, much to the delight of Bex.
"Hey I heard you are a wild one
Oooh
If I took you home it'd be a home run
Show me how you do
I wanna shut down the club
With you
Hey I heard you like the wild ones
Oooh."
"Oh, my Queen."
Freyja pulls on Bex's nipples, eliciting some very lewd sounds to spill from her orange-tinted lips. Bex feels the two hands gripping the waistband of her shorts, slowly begin pulling her shorts off, slipping them down her long, slender legs. Bex feeling exposed and laid bare before her lover, her Queen, her world.
Giving a cheeky smirk, "You've gotten me out of my clothes. Is this where your plan ends, my love?"
"I like crazy, foolish, stupid
Party going wild, fist pumping music
I might lose it
Glass to the roof
That's how we does it
I don't care tonight
She don't care we like
Almost dared the right five
Ready to get live
Ain't no surprise
Take me so high
Jump and nose dive
Surfing the crowd
Oooh-ooohh
Said I gotta be the man
I'm the head of my band
Mic check one two-oooh
Shut 'em down in the club while the playboy does
And they all get loose, loose
After bottle, we all get bent then again tomorrow
Gotta break loose cause that's the motto
Club shut down: a hundred supermodels."
Stepping back, Freyja enjoys the sight of Bex naked before her, drinking in the view like one enjoys a fine wine paired with an exquisite meal. "No, my Sukoshi Hoseki, I've a lot planned for you."
Ripping open her blouse sending buttons flying, Bex notices the Queen had forgone a bra, with her rather large bust on display for the world to see. Slipping her arms around the waist of her lover, Freyja, Bex begins suckling on the Queen's nipples.
Reaching up, running her hands through Bex's hair, "Your talented tongue always steals my breath away."
"Hey I heard you are a wild one
Oooh
If I took you home it'd be a home run
Show me how you do
I wanna shut down the club
With you
Hey I heard you like the wild ones
Oooh."
"My Queen, do you want my talented tongue on the royal pussy?"
"Oh, you little minx. I demand by royal decree you place that talented tongue upon the royal pussy." She gives Bex a deep, sensual kiss, pulling her lover close by the waist, giving a little growl at Bex.
As the two pull each other into a sensual hug, Bex bends down and begins slipping the pants off her Queen, revealing that the Queen has decided to go commando with no panties. Seeing Her Majesty's glistening-wet pussy, Bex can't resist a quick lick across the slit.
Freyja gives a lewd moan. "Oh my, you little minx."
Carefully guiding the Queen to the bathroom counter, Bex places the Queen on the counter, and slowly dances in front of the Queen, touching herself, "Do you like what you see Freyja? Do you want me, my Queen?"
"Oh, my Sukoshi Hoseki, I've wanted you from the moment my daughter brought you home."
Rubbing her hands along her thighs, Bex pushes Freyja's legs open, lightly scratching down her legs. Goosebumps are surfacing on the Queen's legs, the fire in her pussy is beginning to ignite, her wetness is as great as her need for the young warrior before her, to take her.
"I've been thinking about you for months, my Queen. It's been far too long since our last tryst."
The Queen moans her approval, pushing Bex's mouth to her dripping snatch. "Less talk, more licking, and don't forget my ass," she moans softly.
Bex, knowing her majesty well, slips from her Queen's grip. "My oh my, Her Majesty seems awfully horny, more so than usual? Is my Queen holding back a secret from her lover?"
Scowling, but more in frustration than anger, that her lover knows her so well. Only a handful of people know the Queen as intimately as Bex. With a deep sigh, the Queen leans back, looking her lover in the eye, "I'm pregnant."
Bex is completely caught off guard; her Queen is pregnant, her lover is pregnant, there's a new child being born to the royal line. "It's not mine, we always use protection."
Freyja can't help but laugh at Bex's absurd statement. "No, my love you are not the father."
Bex rushes to her, throwing her arms around her Queen's neck, pulling her into her bosom, playing with the Queen's long black-and-dark-blue hair. "Another child, my Queen, that's great." Kissing her lips, Bex pushes her tongue into the Queen's surprised mouth, pushing her against the counter's mirror. Freyja is caught off guard by Bex's boldness; she's shown it before, but it's usually after a night of drinking. Bex runs her fingers down her Queen's chest, cupping her lover's ample breasts in her hands, massaging them, tugging her erect nipples.
In a pleading voice, "Please, my Sukoshi Hoseki, I'm so horny. My body's quivering, wanting your touch."
Biting her Queen's lower lip, "Hmm, you are making me so fucking wet. I'm gonna fuck you so good, my Queen."
Bex, pushing her lover's legs further apart, can now see the glistening royal pussy. Kissing the plentiful bosom before her, Bex begins working down her Queen's stomach to her pubic area. Freyja's well-manicured pussy is trimmed in a very sexy triangle. Bex, beginning to tease her lover's pussy with gentle licks and teases, can feel Freyja attempting to push her pussy into Bex's face.
Pulling back, but still just lightly licking her lover, Bex grins, "Oh no, no, no, my love. I'm going to tease you 'til you lose your mind. I want you to be a begging drooling mess."
Gasping at her lover's proclamation, "I...I can just order you to fuck me, I'm the Queen after all..."
Still teasing, using her fingers to lightly play along the Queen's outer labia, slipping two fingers along her lover's inner labia, drawing the cutest whimpers and moans from Freyja's lips. "But that would be cheating and you love when I do this to you, don't you, my Queen."
"Yes...yes...fuck, I've missed you so much. Please,, my love, please fuck me. I need you so badly," Freyja grunts.
Still teasing her lover, playing with her glistening pussy, using a light feathery touch to bring the most salacious of sounds from her Queen's black-tinted lips.
"You're teasing me...baby, please...please touch me."
Bex loves these moments, the moments when Freyja truly drops all her walls, and lets her in completely. Plunging two fingers deep into a very wet and ready pussy, draws the first mini-orgasm to be ripped from Freyja's body, with such force, the moan is a borderline cry between pain and pleasure. Freyja sinks her teeth into Bex's shoulder, muffling her whimpering moan.
Feeling her lover's teeth sink into her shoulder, Bex gasps, as she turns the pain to pleasure; her own crotch is growing wet with anticipation. Pulling her fingers from the Queen's hot snatch, Bex licks them clean; putting the Queen's legs over her shoulders, Bex begins to furiously lap Her Majesty's nectar.
"Finally, oh fuck! Sukoshi Hoseki, my little jewel, eat my pussy! Finger me, please, baby. I need your touch!"
Rolling her tongue along the Queen's outer labia, Bex works in her two fingers, hitting the Queen's magic button, causing her to begin grinding her pussy into Bex's face, like she's riding a horse.
"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh Bex, oh fuck, I'm gonna cum, I'm orgasming!"
Bex's fingers are really working the Queen's pussy, bringing her to a roaring orgasm. Bex pulls her fingers free, plunging them into her own pussy, and keeps suckling Freyja's clit. Feeling her own orgasm roar through her body, her orange lipstick is smeared all over her Queen's crotch.
"Fuck, Freyja, you ruined my makeup. Your crotch looks like a pumpkin patch now, hahaha."
Slumping into Bex's arms, one arm around the Queen's waist, the other on her tummy. "We need to get ready for the concert."
**********
_______________