She loved the sauna after a vigorous swim. On their week-long European vacation, they had been running around to see many wonderful sites and monuments. Now, with their trip concluding in Germany, her husband and she had decided to enjoy the local pool facilities that had a small sauna complex attached to it.
They had undressed and stowed their clothes in the rows of lockers. German saunas were co-ed and so they walked together, only wrapped in soft towels, and ended up in a generously sized wooden sauna cabin. The wood panel was dark and the dim lighting immediately created a sense of calm and relaxation.
They were the only people in the sauna at first and could easily stretch out as they wished. He took his place on the top rack, flat on his back, with his legs completely extended. He closed his eyes and started dozing. She settled in right below her husband. Still wrapped in her towel but naked underneath, she sat up and loosely crossed her legs.
The heat started to work miracles on them. Sweat poured off their bodies taking with it all the fatigue from the last week. She closed her eyes and let some of the wonderful images of their trip pass along her inner eye.
Suddenly, she heard the heavy wooden door open and she peeked through her closed eyelids. A man walked into the sauna, his towel in one hand, and after picking a spot at the other end from where they were sitting, he took a seat. He stretched out on his back, one leg extended, the other standing up loosely.
She had a hard time taking her eyes off him. He was simply gorgeous. His body was impressive. Well developed muscles were paired with a soft tan and sharp facial features. But what really caught her attention was his penis.
On his short walk and then climb onto the middle rack, his penis had swung back and forth between his thighs. Because he was hairless, she could make out the details of his anatomy easily. The large mushroom shaped head made his member look like the clapper of a large bell. His shaft was smooth but she could make out the veins that she anticipated would swell when he became erect.
Now that the man was lying down, his flaccid penis hung down, relaxed and calm. She continued to study his impressive features and could feel some mild arousal develop within her.
While still scrutinizing the soft cock, she noticed that the stranger was looking straight at her. Her eyes met and the stare of his blue eyes made her aware that he had been perfectly aware of her curiosity.
Their gazes stayed on each other for a while. Almost hypnotized, she seemed unable to look away. The heat of the sauna was omnipresent but a different kind of heat now started to develop between her legs.
Her towel still was wrapped around her torso but as if he had been signaling her, she slowly undid the towel, let it slide down to her hips and exposed her breasts.
She felt exposed and examined by the man but then she noticed it. His cock had started to swell. At this point, his shaft had thickened. The veins started to be a bit more pronounced.
She let her hands wander over her breasts, wiping away the sweat that was running down her body. Her hand just twisted her nipple in passing. She felt like she was doing something forebidden but her husband's eyes were still closed. What was wrong with flirting with a stranger at a distance?
The man's penis was by now further engorged. His foreskin had retracted and revealed a dark purple cockhead that appeared smooth and swollen. Also, his cock had started to rise and was now standing at half mast.
She felt overwhelmed by the desire to touch herself. Maybe it was worth taking a risk? She unfolded her legs, pushed her towel aside and let her thighs fall open. Her shaved pussy was now fully exposed and in the man's vision.
He smiled slightly and his cock jerked upward. She loved the response that she created in this stranger. His fleshy pole had risen further and seemed eager to be stroked and caressed. She was wondering what it would feel like to wrap her hands around his thickness and gently jack him up and down until it released its creamy load into her hands.
One of her hands slid down and started playing with her pussy. Her eyes were still occupied by absorbing the man's stare. She rubbed herself slowly and then used a finger to open herself up. Her sweat acted like an effective lubricant. She fell into a slow rhythm and could feel a wave of arousal building.
The man's body remained motionless except for his cock that had now reached its full size. Completely erect, his penis was extremely impressive. It was standing straight into the air and it was throbbing with every heartbeat. She could not take her eyes away from his swollen pole.
Her fingers were moving more quickly. Using her other hand, she entered herself with two fingers and fucked her pussy at an increasing pace. Any thoughts of hesitation had melted away from her.
The man just looked at her, his eyes now seemingly demanding and observant of her growing excitement. He wanted her to stroke herself. He needed her to get herself off, make herself come. She kept her eyes transfixed on his erect cock and worked feverishly towards a climax.
Suddenly, the floor fell away under her, bright lights blinded her and robbed her vision and a wave of pleasure stole her breath. She ground her teeth together and came with a silent moan.
Throughout her orgasm, the man had been watching her. Then, he suddenly stood up and stepped towards the door of the cabin. His erect cock stood proudly, eager for some action as well. She needed to have this beast!
Turning around to her husband, she whispered: "I am too hot. You can stay in here, babe. I will meet you in the relaxation area."
She stood up and tried to catch up with the stranger. Her pussy was buzzing and being the multi-orgasmic woman that she was, she needed this beautiful, hard cock. Now!