This can be read as a standalone although it is the fourth in a series. First time readers only really need to know is that there is only kind of sex permitted once you are inside The Back Bar.
Zumba brought in a couple from outside into the corridor to line up behind those waiting to get to Josie's desk. Leaving them at the back of the queue, Zumba eased past the two groups in front, the ones waiting and a group of three, a woman and two men who had just paid to go in and were listening as Josie told them the rules. Zumba waited until she had finished and the group had disappeared behind the green door into the function room. Then Zumba gestured to the next group to wait a moment.
"What is it?" Josie hissed at him, trying to be discreet.
"There's quite a queue outside the door. And quite a few are unaccompanied men." Zumba looked concerned.
"Shit," Josie replied, now sharing his worry, "we've already let about fifty customers in. We're almost full as it is."
While they were thinking on this, the couple Zumba had asked to wait looked anxious and the man coughed. "Do you mind?" he asked, trying to order them to get back to work, trying to ask politely.
Josie smiled at the couple. "Okay," she whispered to Zumba, "this is what we'll do. I'll look after the ones you have already let in here." She gestured at the two groups waiting. "You go inside and see if you can find Maggie or Armand and tell them about outside, see what they say." She smiled at the anxious couple who strode up to her as Zumba went inside. The male looked the sort who was used to getting his way. Clearly he did not appreciate being asked to wait, even for that short moment. The woman had kept quiet, careful it seemed not to want to attract attention to herself. Josie ignored the man and smiled at her. "So," she asked with her best customer service smile, "do you want to get fucked up the arse?"
The woman looked possibly accusingly at her partner. Then she turned to Josie as the man seemed to be concentrating on the green door, as if he could open it and step through simply by force of mind. "Oh yes," the woman smiled, now past her surprise at Josie's directness, "that's what I'm here for. I'm Maureen and he's Jack." Maureen even nudged Jack to make him politely greet Josie.
"Hello," he responded, quite stiffly.
"And you'll be..." Josie started to ask him.
"Oh, he'll be watching, won't you Jack?" Maureen continued before Jack could say anything further. She smiled at Josie. "It's his thing," she added so matter of fact. "Now pay the woman so we can get started," Maureen ordered Jack who now seemed completely cowed.
Josie accepted Jack's payment and organised their wristbands. Then after reciting the rules, she smiled at Maureen. "You need to be available," she told the eager woman.
"Not a problem," Maureen sang back as she unbuttoned her jeans and stepped out of them then quickly pulled down her panties. She may have planned it. Although she was bare from the waist down, her top reached far enough down her sweet, round bottom forcing you to imagine what the rest was like. Maureen even flicked up the back of her top to fully expose herself at the hapless Jack. "You're a watcher, you won't be getting any of this in there," she laughed.
Josie was not clear if that was a shared joke or a taunt. But at least, she reasoned, Maureen was in control. Jack licked his lips as he stared at the forbidden bottom which to Josie only muddied their dynamic further. Maureen let the garment fall to again only suggest what was down there. She quickly grabbed Jack by the wristband, almost dragged him from the corridor and into the action.
Well, you never can tell, Josie smiled to herself.
A moment later, Zumba came back out. The next, remaining, couple were hanging back choosing to politely wait for Josie to invite them. "Those two you just let in," he smiled. "She asked me if I would do her when I was about to head out here. They were literally only a foot inside the door."
Josie chose to look inscrutable. "And did you?"
"Maybe later. But on the other matter. I had to interrupt Maggie..."
Josie smiled. "Of course you did..."
"Well she told her man to stay in there but to stop for a moment while she decided what to do. So. I'm to send everyone outside away with a 10% discount voucher for next time. And from then on, I'm to only let anyone else in as customers leave. Two out, two in, like that."
Josie nodded and waved the waiting couple to come to the desk as Zumba went outside to break the news. Not only had they waited nervously for Josie to get them to come up to her, but they were meek with her. Josie could get no story out of them about why they had come except that they both wanted to pay to watch. Josie sensed that they were well out of their comfort zone. But she reasoned that as they had only paid to watch, they should be okay once inside. No one was going to hassle them for any action.
Josie and Zumba had nothing to do after the meeks had entered. The night was young, so no one was ready to leave yet. They had time to actually talk about themselves. Zumba told Josie how Maggie had recruited him from his security job at a gay bar. And Josie told him that she was still camming on her nights off.
"Has this changed how you cam?" Zumba asked her.
Josie laughed. "You'll have to log in and see for yourself," she challenged.
The green door opened. The meek couple, the last customers they had let in, came back out as meekly as they had gone in. It had been only about half an hour. They looked down and away, clearly did not want to be caught for an explanation. Josie of course wanted to stop them to find out what was up with them, why they had come there in the first place. But she could see that they were not going to engage with her, both of them looking at the floor as they walked past, could not have been more keen for Zumba to open the exit door so that they could flee.
"That's a new record," he laughed with Josie when they had escaped safely. "I wonder what was up with them."
Josie smiled, thinking back to her time camming and how some punters reacted. "They were either shocked out of their socks. Or they got some new ideas and had to rush home to try them out."
"Sure," Zumba sneered.
Josie rolled her eyes at that. "Not everyone needs to do it in front of an audience to get their rocks off," she reminded him.
That got him laughing. "You and me for starters," he chortled. Which was true, but only after closing time.
"And everyone else in there," she reminded him. "Now have a look outside and see if anyone is waiting. We can let them in to replace your two."
Zumba checked through the spyhole and his eyes almost pinged out of their sockets. Quickly he let the objects of his excitement in. Josie looked up as they approached and even she was impressed.
Two stunning women strode past Zumba both with smiles that showed they knew exactly what he was thinking about them as they sashayed straight towards Josie. The taller, thinner blonder one wore a tight fitting jacket over a plain blouse and a micro mini that showed off the tops of her stockinged long thin legs; she knew exactly what she was doing dressing like that. She led her companion up to Josie's desk.
She already had decided. "I believe it is twenty dollars to watch," she pronounced in a deep European accent.
"You are right," Josie agreed, sitting up straight.
"And twenty dollars for my friend too," the tall stunning blonde announced, shaking her long wavy hair out, halfway down her back, almost as if she did not know or care what effect that she might have.
"Certainly," Josie smiled. And she checked out the companion. Unlike the blonde, she looked away, disinterested as if what she expected to find inside was somehow beneath her. But she too was a picture. With shorter wavy dark hair, she looked nothing like her companion. She stood there also aware of the effect that she created, with a sort of evening dress barely containing her enormous breasts. Unlike the display of her friend's flesh, her dress wafted down to her ankles. Although a slit up one side, almost to the top of her thigh, suggested that she was not beyond displaying her body to advantage if she chose. But her friend had made it clear that they were merely going to watch.
Josie managed to hold their attention long enough to advise them of the rules and then let them slink inside.
"Those two won't last like that for long," Zumba exclaimed. "Did you see those bottoms?"
Josie felt comfortable enough to be honest with the doorman. "What bottoms? I was too caught up with the breasts and the legs," she admitted. But she accepted Zumba's point that the pair almost certainly had a plan for the night. She guessed that they had decided to initially reconnoitre the place. And with them in as replacements, she and Zumba had more down time to themselves.
Zumba was about to start a conversation when the green door flew open and Maggie rushed through. Her eyes were wide with concern. "Do you know who they were?" she exploded. And clocked the surprise on the faces of the door staff. "Of course you don't," she continued, still at high excitement. "That was Armand's girlfriend!"
It took Josie and Zumba a moment to recompose. "Which one?" Zumba eventually asked.
Still wide-eyed, Maggie explained. "The legs. The other one is her best friend."
Josie now came back to earth. "So what are we supposed to do?"
"Act natural." Although Maggie was acting anything but.
"Sure, like you are doing now. Got it." Josie pointed out then tried to calm Maggie down. "They paid to watch so they have the white wristbands on. What do we do if they want to change wristbands? Do you know what Armand's attitude is?"
Maggie sighed. "Well, we did challenge him to bring her here, remember. So I guess they have something worked out." She looked at the roof for a moment. "Well, I hope so. Guess I better go back in and get a sense of what's doing. I'll keep you posted."
"And?" Josie asked Maggie with a smile "I hear you were busy before..."
"Only two so far, love," Maggie replied. "Still plenty of time." Then she gave Josie a big smile. Then turned and lifted her dress to wriggle her bottom at her. "They were both pretty good. I'm feeling kind of loose down there now." She bounced around on her spot for a moment as if she was reliving it. Then she got serious, dropping her dress down. "Look, I'll be back if there's anything else. Otherwise, keep calm. And pray, I guess. Leave it with me. I'll try to keep the patrons happy."
Josie accepted that Maggie could manage to keep doing that as she disappeared back inside again. Josie looked to Zumba who had a shit eating grin, having processed Maggie's story in his own way.
Josie decided to do something about that. "Zumba, I may not be a psychologist, but I strongly think that you should keep away from the arse of your boss's girlfriend."
"I don't know. She smiled at me like she liked me."
Josie shook her head. "Did you actually hear anything that Maggie just said? I would say that there is even more reason to." She tried to give her colleague a sense of the gravity of the situation. "Look, I'll promise you my arsehole again at the end of the night if you keep away from her."
Zumba's imagination was still ruling. "If she looks like she wants it, then that's what I'll do." Like there were no consequences likely.
Josie tried again. "Don't forget the consent aspect of this place. And in this case, I think there is consent if you hear her say to Armand 'I would like that nice security man to fuck me up the arse' and Armand says in response 'Yes, I think that is a very good idea.' Then you have consent. Otherwise, if I were you assume that consent has not been given."
"The woman has a mind of her own, to make her own decisions, I'm sure." He had a point. She seemed pretty self-assured.
But Josie did not quite give up. "Zumba, you are thinking with your cock which seems to be looking for trouble. I get that. If she changes her wristband that does not mean that she is thinking about you. And what's in there." Josie pointed at his pants. "Hello," she smiled and waved at his crotch. Then she tried to be serious again. "At the moment, don't forget, she's a white wristband so completely off limits. I'd keep away from her until we're clear what's going on there." Josie sighed loudly. She decided that she did not like such complications.
But Zumba laughed "Not if Maggie has anything to do with it. You'll see, she'll be out here soon for the colour change, don't you worry." Josie sighed again because she suspected that Zumba was probably right. And she just hoped that any fallout did not blow the place up.
*
Maggie went to prop up the bar. "Drink?" Roger asked her.
Maggie was about to refuse, but changed her mind. "Why not?" she told the barman. "Glass of red."
Roger quickly supplied her order then noticed where she was looking. "That one looks up for it," he told Maggie preening himself in case the woman Maggie was watching turned and saw him. "That's the best pair of legs I've seen in this place," he added, now showing real interest in the woman in the micro mini who was standing on the edge of the dance floor.
Appearing not to be aware of the interest being shown in her, Armand's girlfriend was fascinated by a woman who stood a short distance away, spreading her buttocks with her hands while her man for the moment fucked her from behind. Her dark-haired companion gave her a nudge which she ignored. She went up closer for a good look. Her friend shook her head and stayed where she was. She too appeared uninterested that plenty of the patrons were watching her too.
Maggie snapped her fingers at Roger to stop him staring at the two of them. "Not you too!" she complained.
"What have I done?" Roger asked, apparently confused at her vehemence.
"She's Armand's girlfriend," Maggie explained. Roger smiled as though that did not matter.
Willow walked up to join them. "Where's your friend Michael?" she teased Maggie.
Concentrating on the dance floor, Maggie missed Willow's sarky tone. "He said he would be along later," she replied, flat and offhand. Michael was not her immediate concern.
"How many have you had?" Willow continued, missing Maggie's distraction.
"Two," Maggie replied automatically. "And you?" she remembered to ask.
"Only one," Willow groaned. "Look at the selection. I thought I would be in demand. Do you think it's what I'm wearing?" Maggie turned to look.
"Looks okay to me," offered Roger.
"Maybe I should take it all off," Willow wondered. Maggie raised an eyebrow at that.
"That works for me if you do," Roger suggested chivalrously.
"Shit," Maggie announced suddenly, "she's disappeared. Where has she gone?" She looked around. Willow looked at Maggie, somewhat unsure. "Tall, long legs, micro mini," Maggie informed her. Willow looked none the wiser. "Armand's girlfriend," she revealed.
Willow shrugged. "Where's Armand?" she asked reasonably enough.
Maggie looked around. "Over there. With her friend." And indeed Armand was in conversation with the woman busting out in the evening dress. And the two of them seemed to be very intimate about something. But where was the other one?
At that moment, Armand's girlfriend was asking Josie for her money back and for a change of wristband. She asked like there was to be no discussion about her change of mind, no chance for Josie to ask anything about why or what she planned for when she went back in. Although that was pretty obvious.
Still Josie had to try. "Are you sure?" she stammered, knowing that she had to say something. And try to appear cool with whatever Armand's girlfriend asked while acting like she did not know who she was.
Not surprisingly, she picked up on the hint of concern in Josie's tone. "Why else would I be asking?" Elana shot back. "If I am not sure."
Josie shrugged at the logic of that. She recomposed herself. "It's about consent. I have to make sure that you know what the black wristband means so that there are no problems later on."
"It means that I am going back in there to get fucked up the arse," Elana responded, so matter of fact.
"Fine, we've cleared that hurdle, clearly," Josie started as she had so many times. "So no vagina, that's off limits. But you do of course have control. You get to say no to any offers that you don't want to accept. And of course, you can stop it at any time."
Elana lightened a little. "That seems reasonable," she agreed.
"There's one other thing," Josie told the tall woman. "You have to be available. So if you're wearing any underwear..."
"Who says I am? No pants, just like you," Elana smiled.
So she was observant, switched on. What else did she know? Josie kept her cool and smiled back. "Not quite, I have no skirt either."
"True. You want me to lose the skirt too?"
"No, you just need to raise it to show me that there's nothing in the way there."
Elana smiled and lifted her micro mini above her hips to prove that she indeed had nothing underneath covering a firm but surprisingly round bottom. "You like what you see there?" she teased.
Josie chose to play up to that. "It looks pretty good. But it's not me you are going to impress with it. Now let me sort out the wristband." And in a moment, Elana was inside.
"That was one of the better bottoms," Zumba confirmed now it was just the two of them again.
"You better not like it more than mine," Josie warned him.
Maggie dashed out. "Have you seen the girlfriend?" she demanded urgently.
"Elana," Josie replied calmly. "That's her name," she explained. "And she's just gone back inside with a black wristband," she added blandly.
"Shit, how could you?" Maggie exploded.
"She knew what she wanted, nothing I could do," Josie replied calmly. "And anyway how could you lose sight of her? She's tall with long legs..."
"It's crowded in there," Maggie complained. She turned to head back inside.
Josie shrugged. "I'm pretty sure she knows exactly what she's going to do. And there's nothing we can do about it." Had Maggie heard her? She was gone inside. Josie turned to Zumba who was grinning again. "Well," she told him, "it was good while it lasted."
*
Maggie and Willow leaned against the bar. But they were not relaxed. "At least she hasn't fucked anyone yet," Maggie stated. They were trying to watch Elana discreetly, hoping that she would not get too keen on someone before they had to do something about it. Clearly if she decided she wanted a man he was not going to say no. So far she was being picky, no one had yet impressed her.
Willow nudged Maggie with concern when someone bold walked up to Elana. They watched her flirt for a while with this handsome man who she had not dismissed like the others. Elana was leading him on far more than she had yet, smiling, fluttering her eyes at him, then sidling up right up to him. Maggie was ready to go over, break them up somehow. But then Elana froze when her potential seducer placed a hand on her waist, gripping her tightly, grinning like he knew what she wanted. Only for it to end when she told him to let go, that she was saying no to him. Straight after that she walked up to another man to repeat her performance there. Maggie prayed that would be as far as she went. Big chance though when she had that cursed black wristband.
"What's Armand up to? Willow wondered. She suddenly recalled Maggie's earlier concerns. It was a good question. They both looked around the room to find where he was. They were sure Armand had gone nowhere near Elana after she came back in with her black wristband. Was he slyly watching her toying with this succession of potential fuckers? Did he approve of this game, was he encouraging it? Or, Maggie worried, was he even aware.
Willow nudged Maggie. She had located Armand over against the far wall, well away from his girlfriend, and he was talking to Maureen and Jack. Maureen of course bare from the waist down seemed to be more than interested in Armand for what he could do to her bottom and Armand indeed seemed to be equally admiring of her. There was only one way that was going to go. Since Maureen was now running her hands across the front of Armand's pants while she whispered something in his ear. Armand had his hand on Maureen's bottom. Jack stood there, watching them grow intimate, keeping an appreciative smile on his face. Clearly he was amenable, about to watch his partner get fucked at close range, just as she had promised Josie on the way in.
Willow nudged Maggie to make sure that she was aware. "Should we do something?" Willow asked Maggie. What could they do?
"Well it would only be to save our jobs," Maggie replied. But then she was jolted to look at her phone. She glanced at it for a moment. "Michael's here, I need to go and let him in," she told her friend.
"Still got your thing for Michael," Willow taunted.
"How about your friend Chanel?" Maggie shot back. The friends they had brought in on the same night with different conclusions. Maggie thought it was a fair return of fire. And it eased the tension that they were both feeling about the manager and his girlfriend. Maybe they should ignore that and just let it run its course. Maggie was ready for a stoush.
But Willow changed her demeanour, suddenly looked ashen. "She's avoiding me," she admitted.
Maggie tried to patch things up. "I'm sorry. Maybe I could have a talk to her," she suggested. After all, Maggie felt she had a certain amount of control over Chanel.
"Well..." Willow started. Then she shrugged. "You've got Michael to look after," she remembered.
Which was the easiest of the pressing matters to attend to. Maggie started towards the green door. She stopped to notice that Elana was laughing with another man, gently flirting with him now. Maggie nodded in that direction as she smiled at Willow. "Anyway I am sure that you will have things under control until I get back. I'll be a moment. Just make sure not to lose sight of her." Willow nodded her understanding, then Maggie continued over towards the green door.
"Our friend is outside," Maggie warned Josie who did not seem to get what she was on about. Regardless, Maggie looked to Zumba. "Can you bring in Michael? He's a guest of mine."
Zumba led a woman in, to Maggie's surprise. Michael followed the two of them, a boyish grin on his face. Josie recognised him and patted down the top she was wearing although she know that was not going to give her any protection if he gave her his usual attention. Which he did.
Michael passed his companion to give Maggie a peck on the cheek. Like 'just friends' do. Maggie accepted it stiffly. "This is Rosemary," he introduced with a boyish grin as the other woman stepped up next to him. She held out her hand to Maggie to greet the woman she assumed was just a friend of Michael's.
"I'm just here to watch," the intruder announced. "Michael told me about this place. I'm so curious to see what is going on inside." She almost seemed like a researcher or something, cool and detached.
"Give him a black band," Maggie told Josie. "It's on me," she added. Feeling that she may as well raise the stakes if Michael was going to flaunt his very attractive friend in front of her.
Michael stepped up to Josie at the table as she rummaged for the right colour bands and like previous, Michael reached down between her legs. Expecting that, Josie spread to accommodate him. She even licked her lips, as this was a welcome relief now that she realised how she had built up a lot of tension -- both sexual and general -- during the busy evening's unfolding events. The crowds, the strange patrons, Armand's girlfriend. And now this. She realised that she had not had the time or the clear thought to do anything about it. Until now. Which meant that she was pressing back hard, so happy to have Michael looking after her, easing the tension and taking her mind off the other things. Michael's fingers, on her clit, just inside her slit were making her feel good.
Rosemary glanced over to clearly see what Michael was doing. "Leave the poor woman's pussy alone," she exclaimed as if there was something between her and Michael. Maggie sighed as she noted the easy intimacy between the two of them.
This was not helped by Michael's banter back at Rosemary. He did not stop working at bringing Josie close to cumming. "It's the only one I am allowed to play with here," he told her like it was so normal to be doing it. Which in a way it was.
And as if to validate that, Josie put a hand down there too, to push along her stimulation. Suddenly she came, pressing hard against Michael's hand and her inserted finger. She gasped for a moment, her eyes tight shut. Then she opened them, lifted Michael's hand above the desk and became organised. "Here are your wristbands," she advised as she attached them to the two guests with some efficiency and her courtesy smile. Rosemary playfully slapped Michael's offending wrist as they followed Maggie through the green door.
Maggie began to contemplate the most blatant way that she could get Michael hard and up her bottom, just to show this new woman, as she led them both to the bar, expecting that Willow would be there, ready to update her on any developments. Willow wasn't at the bar. Maggie knew she had to drop her plans for Michael. This was more pressing. She excused herself to find out what had gone on in the short time that she was away. She strode through the room but only needed to get as far as one of the tables near where they had been watching Elana. Where Willow was bent over, a man driving hard into her from behind.
She smiled when she saw that Maggie had found her. Maggie did not smile back. "What do you think you are doing?" she demanded.
"Looking after things," Willow grunted between thrusts. "I had to act quickly. This guy was getting pally with you-know-who. So I stepped in before anything could happen."
"And where is you-know-who now?" Maggie demanded.
Willow looked like she had only just realised that flaw in her brilliant plan. "Um," she replied. She looked around at the guy who was railing her. "Sorry," she told him, "but you have to stop. I have to go back to work now."
He grunted his dissatisfaction with that. But he knew the rules. He pulled out of Willow who turned around to give him a peck on the cheek. "Thanks," she promised him, "that was really good. My bottom really, really liked it. But you know..." He still looked disappointed. "I'll look for you again in a while when we have finished with this," Willow promised as she followed Maggie on their search for Elana.
Quickly they found Elana's friend who was by herself, apparently abandoned by both Elana and also Armand, who not long ago had been giving her his attention. "We're looking for Elana," Maggie told her, assumptions already set that she was Armand's girlfriend's companion.
"So am I," she replied, "I'm Treena, by the way." Introductions were made. They looked around futilely. "This is all new to me," she added.
Willow gave her that smile. "You mean you haven't?"
"It hadn't occurred to me," she stated, thinking for a moment. "Nor any of my men up till now, come to think about it."
"You want a crash course?" Maggie smiled.
She did not respond as the two had hoped. "I'm not sure. I'll have to think about it." She looked away from them then perked up. "There she is!" she called out.
Maggie did not see Elana at first. As she looked around the room, she saw Armand feverishly railing Maureen as Jack looked on, lovingly cupping his partner's face and smiling at the both of them. In another direction, Rosemary had balanced herself against the bar giving Michael ready access to herself which he was taking enthusiastically. And on the dance floor, Elana was dancing completely bottomless having lost her micro mini somewhere. She was enticing a strong looking man who, Maggie realised, had been one of her own earlier fucks. It looked pretty clear that Elana was offering her bottom to him, not only that but he was about to take it publicly in front of anyone who cared to look over at the dance floor.
Willow stood next to Maggie, seeing what she was seeing. Michael fucking Rosemary, Armand fucking Maureen and now Elana about to perform, having chosen her man, out on the dance floor where she was now on her knees sucking her lucky man to hardness. She had stripped completely nude and with the man's cock in her mouth, she was also loosening up her arse with at least two fingers at the same time. And this was at the front of the dance floor as if she wanted as many people as possible to see what she was up to.
Willow shrugged at Maggie. "If you have a plan I don't think it's working."
Maggie decided to do something about that. She lifted her dress over head and handed it to her friend. "What do you think of this plan?" she asked Willow.
"You look pretty nude," Willow offered back, "but what is the plan?"
"I guess you'll see," Maggie told her. And she strode over towards Michael.
"What do you think of this?" Maggie asked Michael as she spread her cheeks so he could clearly see her bottom hole.
"It looks nice," Michael told her, "but I'm kind of busy at the moment."
Rosemary turned to smile at Maggie. "He's kind of busy, yes," she agreed since it was her bottom he was fucking. "And I think I kind of enjoy it. I wasn't sure..." she added. So cool, she was taking it up the arse like she was waiting for a bus or something. That threw Maggie who stood there, naked and speechless. With Michael grinning at her as he kept on fucking Rosemary.
Willow came up at that moment and put an arm around Maggie's bare shoulder. It was both in friendship and a warning to Maggie. She may be the organiser, but Willow's gentle squeeze reminded Maggie that she also had to consider others' enjoyment. Even if that meant not making a scene with Michael.
"What's it like?" Willow asked him.
Michael gripped Rosemary's breasts as he smiled at Willow. "You're so much tighter," he told Rosemary who grunted her appreciation of that. So, Maggie seethed, she was enjoying it.
Willow, sensing Maggie's angst, became the peacemaker. "What made you change your mind?" she asked Rosemary. She still had an arm around Maggie.
Michael thrust into Rosemary's behind and held himself deep in there like it was important that she thought about Willow's question and gave her a considered answer. Rosemary licked her lips. "Well, watching all the goings on in here. I had to find out what I was missing out on. Michael was so nice to help me." She took a deep breath. "And this is so good," she enthused, pushing back at Michael as if she could get him even deeper in her.
"Nice," Willow smiled, "it's good to start off with someone that you can trust. While this one..." She hugged Maggie closer to her side, "this one likes to get it from strangers." Maggie tried to look like that was no big deal.
"That's so hot!" Rosemary exclaimed, urging Michael through her actions to start thrusting into her again, "I'll have to try that too!"
Willow grinned at the woman's transformation. "Sounds good. Now we'll go off and find a nice stranger for Maggie now. Enjoy things, you two!" And she led Maggie away. When they were out of range, Willow turned to her friend. "Maggie, what did you think you were doing there?" Maggie for once had nothing to say. Willow had plenty. "Look at you, naked, attractive, available. And you're turning everyone off you. Look around, there are plenty of strangers. Remember? Strangers! That's your thing, right?"
Maggie looked around. Willow was right about the strangers. And Maggie sighed because Willow was right about the other. She led Maggie up to a group of men standing around a table. "This young woman would like to get to know at least one of you better," she announced.
The closest candidate, a reasonable prospect who was sensibly dressed and gave off an intelligent air stepped closer to Willow as he looked over both of the women. "Would you be interested?" he asked Willow. "Gareth," he advised holding out a hand. His mates turned away and closed ranks, almost as if they did not want any problems from the two women who had disturbed them. Leave that to Gareth or something.
Willow shook Gareth's hand limply, so as not to get him too interested in her. "Ah, maybe later," she demurred. She gestured over at Maggie who was gazing around the room, apparently disinterested. "Look," Willow tried, "this one is already unpacked and ready to roll."
Realising that she had been activated, Maggie tried to give her most compliant smile, almost succeeded, given the circumstances. "I guess you'll do," the apparently intelligent male told her.
"Don't do me any favours," Maggie grumbled.
Gareth grinned widely. "I love the pretend reluctance." He was starting to appreciate Maggie's attributes and her attitude, looking her up and down as he spoke to her.
Maggie was starting to feel her usual self. "Who said it was pretend?" she snapped. But somehow it did not seem as sharp as she may have liked given that she was naked, wearing a black wristband, and the DJ was playing something slow and sexy.
Willow was pleased. "I'll leave you two lovebirds to finish your negotiations," she announced as she broke away from them. Willow had a straight line through the crowd to Armand and his two friends, and she wanted to check on them. In the other direction, she had also noticed Elana was now on all fours on the dance floor with her man behind her, so she was too late to do anything about that. She went over to Armand.
"What's going on here?" Willow floated when she got near them. Although that was pretty obvious. Armand had taken his trousers off and was still vigorously fucking Maureen with long strokes, almost pulling right out before pushing deep, while Jack lovingly looked on, his white wristband clearly visible as he stroked Maureen's face. She had tears in her eyes.
"This is just so good," Maureen oozed. She looked up to Armand, all gritted teeth as he did his work. "You're a pile driver," she admired and he softened, smiling back at her.
At that moment, Armand recognised Willow and shot a serious glance which she did not understand. "Are you good with everything?" she asked him, not really able to think of anything else to say.
"What does it look like?" Armand smiled. Maureen and Jack nodded their agreement.
"Is there anything else you should be worrying about?" Willow tried.
Armand stopped, his cock poised at the entrance to Maureen's back passage. "Everything's under control?" he confirmed. "Maggie should be able to handle anything that comes up."
Willow felt surprised that Armand did not seem to be thinking of the other thing that was most in her mind. And, how could she mention Elana if Armand was not at all interested? "Maggie's over there with a cock up her arse," Willow advised instead.
She pointed and Armand looked that way as he gently invaded Maureen's arse with short prods. Maggie was in her usual way, bent over a table while Gareth prodded her from behind, apparently checking that she was ready for him. Maggie realised that they were looking at her, so she shot back a salacious smile which turned into a large O as Gareth successfully penetrated her.
"Ah," Armand agreed, "so she is. I guess you're in charge."
Willow sighed and left him to it. But she had one more coupling to check on, the one that worried her the most.
Elana seemed to be one of those people who get totally engrossed in their sex act, regardless of anything else around them. Willow made her tentative way towards the dance floor. But she may as well have turned up with a brass band and drums. Elana was getting thoroughly railed by the man she had landed on. But her eyes were squeezed tightly shut as she experienced all she could get of the act she was engaged in.
Willow stood right up close to Elana. She looked back to Armand who was engrossed in Maureen. Willow noted that he was angled the wrong way to see them. But if he did choose, he could easily be watching Elana from where he was.
The man pounding Elana escalated things. He noticed Willow watching them from close range. "Who are you?" he demanded of her.
Willow flicked her hair back like she considered that to be important. "Oh just the duty bar manager," she responded with a smile.
"Shouldn't you be managing the bar?" he asked, tending towards the rude side of discourse.
That woke Elana up. "Isn't that Armand's job?" she asked dreamily.
"He's busy," Willow told her. And since she had the woman's attention, "you're Elana, right?"
The man grunted. "Are we talking or fucking?" he demanded.
"We can do both," Elana informed him. "You're not going to get soft are you?" she enquired with a deal of concern in her voice. The man started to fuck her harder. "That's good," Elana grunted, "that's how I like it." She smiled at Willow. "He's really quite good at this," she confided, "do you want a go?"
"I really don't want to intrude," Willow told her. "And I've had my quota." What was the point? She stomped off.
*
Elana giggled. Willow looked at her, curious. They were sitting together on the lounge, just the two of them. On the dance floor, Maggie was draping herself around Armand while Zumba was fucking Josie in pretty much the same location and the same way that Elana was getting it when Willow found her. "It's funny," Elana told Willow. "I think it's hilarious. It's harder for them than for us that they are not allowed to fuck us the normal way in here. It's all ours to control. Who thought up that one anyway?"
Willow decided she should find out what was what. "What happened to your busty girlfriend?" she inquired.
Elana shook her long blonde hair like it did not matter. "Oh, she got disgusted with me and went home in a huff." Willow gave her a look of concern. "Ah, she'll be all right in a few days. That happens all the time," she stated like it did happen all the time like that.
That solved, Willow decided to get to the next point. "So you and Armand?"
Elana grinned. "I know what he gets up to. You're not the one he fucks at the end of the night are you?"
Willow crossed her arms. "Maybe..." Although the evidence in front of them suggested that this time Maggie was about to get it from Armand very soon. As if on cue, that pair both looked over from the dance floor to the duo on the lounge, with big smiles on their faces and their hands all over each other's bodies. It seemed clear that Maggie had resolved anything that needed attention with Armand.
Elana bent over and stroked Willow's face, like perhaps she could imagine Willow at the end of the night with Armand's cock up her arse. "Look it doesn't matter. I'm not snowflake pure, well I think you saw that..." Elana shared her smile like they would become friends or something. All Willow could do was hope.
Elana seemed to read Willow's mind. "I like you," she announced. "Let's have more adventures!"
"So you're coming back?" Willow asked. She looked over to see that Maggie was now astride Armand, as he vigorously fucked her in the way required at The Back Bar. She noticed that Elana was watching that couple too, with a big grin on her face.
Elana smiled at Willow. "I sure am coming back!" What could Willow do but grin back.