Chapter 6: The test
We had arranged to meet at the jetty at Batam. I walked him to the Fantasy Spa and Massage and announced proudly upon arriving, "Welcome to the Fantasy Spa and Massage."
Frederick scanned around the place, taking in everything in that dim lighting, "What kind of a place is this?"
"I will have to change," I said shyly. "I think the male models will be having a short briefing."
I looked around for Candice and found her in a far corner. He has brought along a much older guy. Probably one of her clients.
As they parted ways, I approached Candice, "Hey there!"
"Did you bring a male model?" Candice asked excitedly.
"Of course or I wouldn't be here."
"Who did you bring?"
"I'm not going to tell you," I replied teasingly.
"Oh my God, don't tell me you brought your old flame, Frederick?"
"He is not my old flame, OK," I shot back angrily.
Candice was even more hyped up now, "Oh gosh, you really brought him!"
I didn't reply. I could feel myself blushing but my tan concealed that well.
Candice didn't wear any bikini. She wore a translucent set of lingerie. Her breasts, nipples and clit were all quite visible beneath that set of undergarments.
I changed into the outfit I had brought. On top was a micro cropped top. Cut so short it revealed my breasts or rather my pecs completely. Below, I wore a standard size bikini. My muscles were bulging everywhere trying to break free from my micro cropped top.
"That's really pushing the boundary, muscle freak! You might as well go topless!"
"Why don't you go topless?" I shot back.
To my surprise, Candice daringly removed her top.
She gave her humongous perky breasts a shake, "Happy now?"
"Show off," I rolled my eyes pretending to be jealous.
She teasingly replied, "You were the one who said, 'If you have it, flaunt it'."
The rest of the participants were quite standard - normal standard bikinis or micro bikinis. I looked around and realized we were the only two that were topless. The participants were staring at us with disgust. We could tell they were frustrated and jealous. They too wanted to strip but lacked the courage.
I went into the room that Frederick was in. Frederick has stripped off his top but was still in his jeans.
As we looked at each other, we spoke at the same time, "Oh, you are huge!"
"Wow Ruth, I knew you always have an incredible physique but you have put on tons of muscles," Frederick looked me up and down and rested on my pecs.
I blushed, "Told you I went into crossfit. You have packed on quite a lot too."
As much a muscle freak as Candice has labeled me. I was nowhere near Frederick. His biceps were bulging even when not flexing. He sported very clear six packs and his pecs were as huge as Candice's knockers. Well, almost, but just that they were rock solid.
We looked at each other and I found myself uncontrollably reaching out to stroke his arms and pecs. He returned the gesture, touching my love handles.
"Masseurs, please assemble outside to wear your gears," a voice could be heard shouting from outside.
"What gear?"
I pulled my hands promptly away from his body and said shyly, "I see you in a while, you relax on the bed first."
Once outside, we were greeted by the female instructor holding onto a harness and a wireless vibrator.
"Remember I told you we have a surprise for you. Well, you need to wear this whilst massaging on the actual two days," to many gasps from the girls.
"So, you might as well practice now. Ok everyone, go grab your harness and vibrator."
We grabbed our harness and vibrator, and wore them.
"Now the test will be in batches of ten. When the first batch of ten is undergoing the assessment, the rest can watch or you can go rest," the instructor briefed us all.
I was in batch two while Candice was in the first batch. Everyone of us chose to stay behind to watch the first batch undergoing their assessment.
And finally it started. When the vibrators of the first batch were turned on, we could hear a lot of moaning. And I mean a real lot. Many of them stood at their spot, unable to move, fighting their rising orgasm. Their faces were contorted with pleasure and agony.
Candice was the first one that started the massage. She seemed to be taking the whole thing well. I could see her fighting against the machine and trying to concentrate on the massage.
As I looked around, some girls had started to tremble with orgasms. A few of them just knelt down, unable to continue further. A few howls could be heard as they were flooded with orgasmic pleasure.
Looks of concern were visible on the faces of the second batch. There were a lot of mumblings.
I turned to look at Candice, just in time to witness her first orgasm. As her body trembled, she closed her eyes and continued to massage her male model. She was starting to be covered in sweat. Her breasts were stained slightly with massage oil. "Come on Candice, you can do it," I said beneath my breath.
Many of the girls were sweating. Their outfits were in disarray. Their breasts were exposed but they had more pressing concerns to worry about than their modesty. The entire room was wet with the squirts of the girls and the smell of sex filled the air.
After her third orgasm, Candice was really fighting hard. She must have felt high as she started to rub massage oil all over her body. Under the dim light, she looked like a sex goddess. Big breasts swinging with every of her motion, an agonized face, hair in a mess and a glistening glowing body. Candice has also squirted a number of times and the floor was covered with her cunt juice. Liquid continued to drip generously from beneath her.
It doesn't help that her male model was touching her all over, "Fuck!" I could make out her cursing under her breath.
Some of the girls have given up on the assessment, unable to continue any further. A few were crying as they desperately massaged away.
It was already 10 mins. Trying to sound normal, Candice said to her model, "Hi sir, kindly rest on your back."
She proceeded to massage the model's front. All of us could see the male models getting hard on. Candice's male model was no exception.
Candice was breathing through her mouth trying to control her burning orgasms.
It was the last segment of the massage, the hands-free penis massage. Candice took the massage oil and poured it onto her breasts and massaged and caressed her breasts in the most sexual pose. In the corner of my eyes, I could see a few girls touching themselves down there. They must have been excited by Candice's sexual dance. I also felt myself getting wet under there and my nipples started to become erect and hard.
Then the inevitable happened. Candice's male model started cumming without her touching him. She proudly walked to the counter, "Stop this thing, please!"
As the motor hum came to a silence, I could see her catching her breath. She beamed me a smile and walked towards me.
"That, muscle freak, is how you do it!" striking a proud victory pose.
"What kind of damn magic is that, girl?" I stared at Candice with bewildered eyes.
She just smiled. She turned to me with a serious face, "Ruth, make sure you pass the assessment."
With a concerned face, I asked, "Was it tough?"
"Yes. Very very tough!"
"Oh dear, how many times did you cum?"
"I think 10 over but after that, it was continuous orgasm, no break."
I gasped, "But you didn't look that bad!"
"You just have to endure it, Ruth. Besides you are much fitter than me, than anyone here."
"What the fuck has fitness got to do with this?"
I also noticed none of the first batch had sex with their model.
Soon it was the second batch's turn. Without warning the vibrator turned on.
"Oh. This is quite strong."
I tried to appear calm and poised, and walked into Frederick's massage cubicle. Frederick was stripped naked and lying face down.
I put massage oil on his body and began to massage. I could feel my own rising orgasm and my breathing quickened. Frederick's muscles were delightful to touch. I was tempted to bend down to kiss his back; to make love to him. Fortunately I controlled my emotions.
"Apply more pressure, Ruth."
I applied more pressure. It was a little taxing for me to have to use more strength. I now understood how Candice felt when massaging me. Sweat was forming on my body as I exerted strength and fought the machine at the same time.
Then my first orgasm struck. I trembled from the explosion and fought hard to control myself from screaming. However a soft, "ah..." escaped me.
I continued to focus on massaging Frederick.
"Oh, this is so nice. Where did you learn this from?"
"We had a two-day course," trying to sound normal.
More orgasms ripped through my body. By this time, I had 10 over orgasms and squirted several liters of liquid. The floor was all wet. My hair was messy, my body was a mix of sweat and massage oil and liquid was dripping generously from where the harness was.
"You alright, Ruth?"
"Help me to pass this test Frederick. Don't ever ask me to stop," I said between hisses and grunts.
"Sir, please rest on your back," trying to sound the part of the masseur.
Frederick obeyed.
"You shaved down there?"
"Yes. I thought I had better keep it neat."
The sight of Frederick's shaved pubic region pushed me towards another squirting orgasm. My body trembled and my legs grew weak. I held on to the side of the massage bed and waited for the feeling to subside. But it didn't; even after a good 15 seconds.
"Is this what Candice meant by continuous orgasm? This is beyond terrible."
I gave a loud grunt and shook the feeling away. I continued to massage Frederick's front. My whole body was in agony and I believed it was very obvious to everyone.
"Come on Ruth, endure!" Frederick spoke soft words of encouragement.
I said in between my soft moans and grunts, "Thanks. Remember to play your part. You are the customer."
Without warning, he reached out to squeeze my breasts and caressed them and immediately I squirted again. All my muscles were strained to the maximum. My pecs were strained visibly for everyone to see.
As I continued to massage near his groin making sure I made fleeting touches to his manhood, I could see the little creature begin to rise and become engorged.
"You ready for your hands-free penis massage, sir?" again trying to play the part.
Frederick nodded. I tore a pack of condoms with trembling hands and put it onto his erect manhood. I tried climbing on top of him but the massage and orgasms have robbed me of all of my strengths.
"You need help?"
With heaving breaths, I whispered, "No, I can do it!"
"Fuck, I can do it. I must do it!" and I pushed with all my muscles to get on top of Frederick. I looked like a female version of Hercules for a fleeting second.
Frederick swallowed his saliva, "Your body is gorgeous, Ruth."
I slowly lowered myself onto him in a cowgirl style. Although I intended to start pumping him, when I raised myself up from his manhood; a whole lot of liquid gushed from below onto his pubic area and I trembled violently.
"Wow Ruth, you sure can squirt," his hands were all over my body. I am not sure anyone could be in a more heightened state of excitement than having continuous orgasm.
I took off my crop top, readying my body for this once in a lifetime battle.
I pumped him in this position for a good 7 minutes. I was like a crazed animal, relying just on pure mind over matter. I lose count of the number of orgasms I had. Not that they could be counted as they were continuous.
Our bodies were intertwined and we seemed to both be fighting an invisible enemy. His muscles were flexed as he tried his best to prolong the inevitable. Our bodies were glistening in the dim room lights; covered in both our sweat and the massage oil. His hands never stopped touching me.
Finally, he cummed, "Aarrgghh..."he let out an animalistic howl.
I didn't want to stop. As agonizing as I was feeling, I wanted to continue making love to him, continue pumping him until either he or I collapsed, but, "Stop Ruth! Aarrgghh! Can't can't!"
He lifted me effortlessly as if I was nothing more than a little girl to him and placed me gently on the floor. My knees buckled. I just sat there, dazed. Frederick too was recovering from his own orgasm. I could see that he continued to shake for a good 10 seconds and was grunting and heaving.
Candice came over to check on me.
"Hey muscle freak, that was a phenomenal show! It was better than any porn I've watched. Maybe you should audition to be a porn star."
I couldn't laugh, but weakly whispered, "Turn it off..."
And surprisingly, the humming came to a stop. I trembled from one last orgasm.
The assessment ended and both Candice and I passed. Only 12 girls in total made it. I learned later that the only one who managed to perform a hands-free massage was me.
As we prepared to leave, "You know, everyone was taking video of your performance. I did too. You were incredible, Ruth. I didn't know you can fuck so well."
"No I can't. Besides, it was called hands-free massage and Frederick encouraged me along the way."
"You sure you two are not lovers?"
I gave Candice the death stare.
Frederick offered to send me back to my hostel. We ended up having two more sessions of great sex at my hostel.