The accumulative amount of sex I was having, much of it from strangers, made me want more. The orgasms were strong and getting stronger until they dominated my thoughts. My body became a pusher, rewarding my desire with balls out, rolling, consecutive spasms.
It was good, if not great, but it crossed my mind, shouldn't I have other interests? I was letting my submissive side go to the carnival at all times and eat all the cotton candy it wanted.
After Evan and I got home from vacation we, Janey and I, immediately decided to revisit the dogging park for another healthy dose of sex with strangers. As to who might accompany us was undecided but also unimportant. Janey and I knew the ropes and felt confident we could take care of each other.
In the meantime, Evan was having the time of his voyeur life giving me what I wanted, and ultimately what he wanted. He called me his first day back to work, "Honey, this is big news.
"Jerry turned in his resignation and that leaves the vice president position wide open for one of us and it could be me. I need to stand out and a thought came to mind..."
"Really, Evan?" I said, knowing right where he was going.
"See, we make him a nice dinner and you wear a short skirt and throw in some subtle flirting and, voilà, I'm vice president. No one can resist your charms."
"What about his wife?"
"Divorced"
"What if he likes the flirting too much?"
"Well we'd have to see about that. He appears straight as an arrow but I've heard stories."
"Stories from who?"
"From a couple of guys who've gone on business trips with him. At the end of work days he suggested a strip club or two."
"Okay, but that alone doesn't mean much. That means he likes naked girls but doesn't have anything to do with playing around with an employee's wife. He didn't get to be president by making a lot of mistakes."
"No, but..."
"And you don't think he would see right through me coming onto him? Instead of a promotion you may end up without a job."
Evan paused to think.
"Look, Chrissy, guys like him in positions of power usually have two vices...money and women, or men if they swing that way. They want more of each and that means negotiation and it's easier from a position of power. Of the two I bet the hardest to resist are women."
"Gee, I can't wait for your book to come out."
"Chrissy, if he comes here and wants to take you I want you to let him."
"Yes, of course," I said obediently. I gave him things to think about but if his boss wanted to use me I would be happily available.
***
"Bill?!?"
"That's me alright."
I'd known Bill since our college days together. He knew intimately about my sexual preferences and that always made me feel strange when we got together socially.
Tara, Bill's wife, was a pretty, seemingly normal girl much like the one I had been pretending to be. I liked her company but couldn't help wondering if there was something else beneath the surface. And now I had Bill on my doorstep.
"Can I talk to you?"
Although we had known one another for a long time, Bill was primarily Evan's friend.
"What's up, Bill?"
"It's more like what's not up. I don't know, it's hearing about you guys and the fun you're having and I feel left out. In college we ran together but now I feel left behind. Tara has no interest in, how should I put this, extra curricular activities."
"Do you love her?"
"Of course I do, it's not that. It's just that, you know, you and me, the way things used to be. I'm sorry I let you get away."
"What makes you think you had me in the first place?"
"You know, I fucked you a lot and you loved it. We got along great. I hear what you're doing."
"So what?"
"So maybe you and me rekindle the flame and take up the slack from my dud of a home life. Evan won't be home for another couple hours."
"Okay..."
"Okay? I knew you'd..."
"Bill!!! Shut the fuck up and listen. I'm a submissive not a sponge for everyone who can't get laid. I can't fuck you behind the back of Tara and Evan. That's not how it works."
"But Dave said that he'd..."
"My husband was there and Janey knew about it."
"So I have to be a good scout and ask Evan and Tara permission to fuck you?"
"Don't be insulting. You're asking me to repair a hole in your marriage and I'm not going to do that. Goodbye," and I shut the door.
He immediately texted me, 'You're a greedy slut and you know you want it.'
I did want it but I had rules and he had none. Evan and I vowed to share everything so I told him all about Bill's visit and he seemed surprised. That we were sharing so liberally made me think maybe he'd give his consent but he didn't like Bill's method the same way I didn't.
"We're supposed to be close friends, why would he think he had to do this on the sly? He could have asked me."
"Would you have said yes?"
"Probably not. I would be getting in the way of him and Tara and I'm not going to do that. They can work that shit out between them."
I started thinking about all the fetishes we were feeding on and I started to laugh. "So we're the voice of reason? Listen to us, the ethical high ground." Evan started to laugh as well, the both of us lost in uncontrollable laughter at ourselves.
Still laughing he said, "Take your pants off, Chrissy! I've never wanted your pants off more than right now!" He was still laughing when he said it.
I took a half ass stab at unbuckling my jeans and he got impatient and wrestled them to the floor. "Fuck, you're sexy," he said, standing over me, unveiling his cock.
"What are you going to do to me, fucker?"
"I'm taking that pussy." And he did.
***
Janey and I had planned our dogging trek with or without a man and after Evan opted out we decided to go it alone in the daytime. We'd never done this before but doing some online research we found an out of the way spot known to frequent doggers.
When we arrived there were already a few cars there, one of which had a middle aged woman servicing two cocks through her window.
We knew this was the place.
We parked a reasonable distance away and took off our jackets to reveal we'd worn nothing more than a chemise, panties and heels, everything a dogger dreams of finding.
We cut to the chase and took the windows down and masturbated. It didn't take long before our first customer stopped by. With hands on the door and leaning in, "You girls like to suck some cock?"
"Let's see what you're packing."
He was hardly an attractive specimen but he was horny and right to the point. His paunch suggested he didn't just come from the gym but his cock had potential and I took him in my mouth and ran my tongue up and down his shaft.
"Mmmmm, you give nice head, girlie."
He reached in with one hand and pulled one of the straps of the chemise over my shoulder, exposing my breast. He fondled it and played with my nipple.
Janey, looking on, was masturbating and asked, "Are you going to let him fuck you?"
I took his lollipop out and mouthed the words, "He won't last that long."
Like a dogging Nostradamus, my prediction was on the money as he shot a load onto my tits, some of it on the chemise. When I looked over again, Janey was entertaining another cock through the window.
For the first time, maybe it was the daylight, I noticed what an expert cocksucker she was. It got me hot watching her take him the entire length.
I got more attention. "Hey, sweetheart, I'd love to fuck that pussy. Open the door, baby."
I did as he asked, my legs in the air, one straddling the steering wheel, and no sooner had he planted his pole in club Chrissy when another dogger was sucking my tits. I loved it! Then another dogger kissed me. It was a sensual overload and I came like a sudden rain shower. I was dripping onto the car seats mixed with errant spunk cumming every which way.
Janey was outside the car and hanging just inside the window frame receiving a good pounding from behind. "Oh fuck me!" she yelled as her chemise rode up to her waist and her G-string was lost to another dogger's collection.
They pulled me out of the car and onto the grass where they took turns putting the wood to my ever accommodating cunt. As if leaving a signature, each of the men rode me until marking their territory with dripping cum down my ass. I felt like I might pass out from the orgasms.
I looked back and Janey was being spit roasted by her handlers. I also noticed another car pulling off to the side and two pleasure seekers joined in the debauchery. Then I heard Janey scream, "It's too big!!, as one of the doggers forced the head of his cock into her asshole. "Ohhhhh, fuuuuuccccckkkk!!"
The full on fuck fest went on for about an hour before the intensity leveled off as the eight men did their deed and were finished using us.
As we drove away I saw another car pull up so the new arrivals could hear about the hotties they missed out on.
"How are you?" I asked my disheveled friend.
"Great! I must be the biggest slut walking because there's nothing about that I didn't like."
"I hate to say it but I need to stop at the car wash and get the interior done before all this cum dries."
"Don't you think we're a little underdressed for the car wash."
"We've got our jackets. So what if we show some leg. We can give the boys something to brighten their day. This might be fun."
I put down my window at the gate. "Ya, I need to get the interior cleaned."
"Anything in particular you want us to focus on, m'am?"
"Yes, there are a lot of cum spots on the seats."
Janey started giggling, "Oh no..."
"What kind of spots, m'am?"
"Cum? You know, what shoots out of your dick."
He turned crimson when he realized what I was referring to. And then he focused on our legs.
Holding a laminated card up to me, "What package did you want? We have three to choose from."
Now, dear reader, there's no way I could walk away from a straight line like that. "Is yours included in the choices?"
More crimson accompanied by nervous laughter and then more staring at my legs. "Sorry, m'am, just the ones on the menu."
"Mmmmmm, too bad," I said, teasing him like crazy, "I'll take number two."
When we got into the waiting room there were looks, oh yes, there were looks. Some disapproving that they'd let hookers use the car wash and others disappointed we weren't wearing less.
"That poor guy," said Janey, lightly admonishing me for my naughtiness. "He probably came in his pants."
"Just enriching other's lives."
***
I wore a black skirt so tight I thought it might cut off the blood flow to my legs, but that's what Evan asked for and he got it. My ass was framed perfectly. I topped it off with a simple white satin shirt buttoned so impossibly low there might as well have been no buttons. I accessorized with a black suede choker, nude stockings, heels with ankle straps and a push up bra with some of the lace showing.
I was on display for the boss, a rather 'fuck me' billboard.
"How do you feel, Chrissy?" Evan asked me right before he arrived. So I could remain fresh we ordered out and served it as if we'd invented it.
"Ready to entertain," I said in my sexy voice.
"You look incredible."
Evan opened the door to a rather handsome man with silver hair, I guessed in his early sixties. He dressed well and had that air of confidence about him.
"Mr. Johnson, welcome." I was standing back and to the right of Evan so the boss didn't miss anything. His eyes went to me immediately as he scoped out every inch. He was already interested and he barely got through the doorway.
"This is my wife, Chrissy. I don't think you've ever met."
Taking my hand, "I don't think we have. I wouldn't have forgotten Chrissy. Nice to meet you."
I stayed on his arm and guided him to the sofa, "Can I get you a drink?" I asked,
"Cognac if you have it."
Until the vacation cruise neither of us had ever tried cognac but, thanks to Alistair, had developed a taste for it and earlier in the day Evan had bought a bottle and four snifters. We kept the tall bottles on the lower shelf of our mini bar and that made it convenient for me to have to bend over. I glanced back and Johnson was missing nothing.
Evan sat in the chair across from the sofa leaving me to sit next to Johnson. "Here you are, sir."
"Both of you," he said, "we don't have to be so formal. Call me Robert."
"If you don't mind, sir," I said, "I think a man like you deserves to be respected for your achievements. It's how I'm wired."
Where I came up with that load of horseshit I'll never know other than it alluded to the submissive in me. He seemed pleased so mission accomplished.
"Excuse me, Mr. Johnson, but I have to check on dinner."
About fifteen minutes into his visit I could intuit that he liked mindless complements, especially with a sexual subtext. Whether he actually believed any of it is another story but he definitely liked hearing it. At one point when we were on the couch he made what he considered a funny joke and toasted himself.
Having sat very close to him on the sofa I could detect early action down in his engine room. The more of me he took in the more his bulge responded.
"Gentlemen, dinner is ready. I think I have something good enough to eat," I said strategically.
Evan sat at the head of the table and I sat across from Johnson and stayed out of the conversation while they talked shop. As had been the trend so far, Johnson spent an inordinate amount of time looking at me. It was clear what he wanted and it was up to Evan to decide when and where.
Making it seem accidental, when I pushed back my chair from the table my foot grazed Johnson's leg. I said, "Pardon me, Mr. Johnson."
Getting loose on the table wine he laughed and said, "The pleasure was all mine."
I went out to the kitchen but kept an ear out.
Surprisingly, Evan straight out asked him what were the chances of getting the promotion? "I really want this so you tell me what I need to do to get it."
Coming back in the room, "Can I pour you another cognac, sir?"
"Thank you, Chrissy. You're the perfect hostess."
"I'm bringing the chocolate mousse out. Would you like whipped cream on yours?"
"if you're serving it I'm having it," he said, becoming bolder by the minute.
"So, Robert, what are my chances?" asked Evan, steering the conversation back to the promotion.
Staring directly at me he said, "Very good and getting better."
I brought out dessert and fresh whipped cream and as he picked up the spoon while I held the bowl he accidentally flipped a small dab on his chin. Just reacting I scooped it up and sucked it off my finger.
"I'm sorry, sir, that was rude."
"If by rude you mean delightful, please do it again."
Everyone laughed, especially Johnson who had his hand lower around my waist as he said it. We finished dessert and moved back to the living room. Once again, I curled up close to him.
Johnson asked about our vacation and Evan delivered an edited version but let leading details hang there for Johnson to ponder. "So the guy at the end of the bar sent over a drink for Chrissy 'just because she's beautiful'. Anyway, we had a great time."
"Well if you don't mind me asking, what did you do?"
"Well I told her she could nod in his direction or go over and thank him personal and close up."
"You guys are killing me, what did you do, Chrissy?"
"I went over to him and thanked him. He held my hand and told me again how beautiful I was."
"Right in front of Evan?"
"Yes, I told him that Evan likes it when other men take an interest in me."
Now Johnson's brain was clearly spinning around like a gum-ball machine and he looked at Evan and back at me, unsure what to ask next.
"So, Robert, about this promotion. What needs to happen tonight to seal the deal. Obviously, I'm qualified but what else?"
Johnson turned to look at me.
Evan asked, "Do you want Chrissy?"
As you might have guessed, that stopped everything. Johnson couldn't talk and couldn't look away. I put my hand on his thigh. There was a very long silence.
"And it doesn't have to be a one shot deal. If you get horny for her just call the vice president's office, let me know and I'll set it up for you. So back to my original question...do you want Chrissy?"
"Yes," he said quietly.
"Good, we have a deal. One other caveat, Robert, I get to watch."
"I don't care, I just want her."
Trying to be galant after the fact, Johnson said, "Is this arrangement okay with you, Chrissy?"
I smiled, "I do what I'm told and love to be fucked."
He finally got the whole picture.
I stood up before him, my heels acting like a pedestal, showing him what he would soon own, I opened my shirt all the way, draping it down over my shoulders before it was off completely. My girls were prominently displayed with the push-up doing its job. I unzipped the side of my skirt and moved it ever so slowly down my hips and on to the floor.
"Wow, Chrissy, your body is magnificent." he practically drooled.
"Thank you, sir. I hope you will enjoy fucking me."
I took off my bra and panties, dropped to my knees and found his cock pushing to get out. "May I help you, sir?" I unzipped his pants and took him in my mouth. I sucked him hard enough that he moaned and I heard Evan, by now jerking off, "Go after it baby!"
I gagged myself on his boner as we locked eyes. "Gluuukkkk, Gluuukkkk, Gluuukkkk..."
"Ya, baby, suck his pole," said my supportive husband.
When I would come up for air Johnson would kiss me and tell me what a good bitch I was. Increasingly he talked dirty to me as he got comfortable. Dirty talk always lit my fire. My pussy was more than ready, I desperately wanted his cock in me but I put him in charge.
"You own me, sir. I'm your sub slut. Do anything you want."
He got up off the couch and hastily tore his clothes off. He roughly pushed me back on the sofa and went about eating the dessert between my legs.
I screamed with delight when I came. "Evan, I need the whip cream." he shouted out. Like a shot, Evan was up and handed him the whip cream bowl. He slathered it on my pussy, my tits and fed my mouth from his finger. Then with a glob on his finger he shoved it into my anus and then licked it off.
I was screaming. I came again when he forced three fingers into my tasty twat and rapidly jerked me. At the same time he leaned in and licked the cream off my nipples. He got to his feet, covered his cock in cream and offered it up to my waiting lips.
I was a sweet mess.
"Mount me, slut," he demanded.
We switched places and I guided his cock into my slit. It felt soooo good to be fucked again. I could never get enough.
Johnson reached over and in one of his pants pockets took out a tin. "THC gummies." He ate one and put one on my tongue. They were raspberry. The only thing I didn't like about gummies is they snuck up on you. Without warning you're stoned out of your gourd.
"Mr. Vice President," said Johnson, "make yourself useful and fuck my new girlfriend in the ass."
Evan said nothing but came up behind me and penetrated my asshole. Right about then the gummy kicked in.
I was drunk from the cognac, high on the THC, cumming in waves and DP'd by my husband and his boss.
It was bliss.
Between taking mouthfuls of my tits, Johnson whispered to me, "You bitch, I could fuck you forever."
All I could get out was, "Use me...talk dirty to me!"
"Thank you, Mr. Vice President, I can take her from here.
"As to you my little cum slut, Chrissy, go over to that door, grab the knob, bend over and show me that sweet ass."
I did as he asked and stabilized on the door knob, my legs spread apart. He walked over and caressed my ass before spreading my butt cheeks and planting his cock in my hole.
With the THC roaring I completely lost track of time and I really didn't care. He grabbed my hair and pulled me into him, causing me to gasp with each hit. "Fuck me harder. I'm your bitch!"
"Uhhh, uhhh, uhnnn, uhnnn..." I don't know how long this went on but I was amazed he hadn't lost his load by now.
Evan was in a jerking trance. Johnson was on a mission and I was madly cumming. Abruptly he pulled out, spun me around and covered my face with his cum. Evan shot his load on the furniture.
"Lick it clean, cum slut!" he ordered me. After I had tidied his cock up he put his clothes on, said thanks for dinner and left me still on my knees. As the door closed Evan and I just looked at each other.
"Holy shit, Chrissy, what the hell just happened?"
"I think we just made vice president."