* This is part four of an ongoing series. I was very torn on if I should submit this story in the Exhibitionist & Voyeur category. There is a heavy amount of public humiliation in this chapter. The story still takes place in a magical setting, so I decided to submit it under Sci-Fi & Fantasy. Be aware that there is a heavy focus on lesbian domination in this series. So hopefully that is what you're looking for.
*Very big thank you to Jordan Church for editing and helping me out.
**********
For the first time in a while, it was just the three of us.
Alice, Kelsey and I laid on Charity's floor, arms bound in wordless silence. Alice and Kelsey panting, taking in deep breaths, as they lay on their sides. Their arms bound behind their backs; the long double-sided dildo lay between them. I laid off to the side, face down with my ass still propped up by a cushion under my midsection.
There was no doubt that we were in over our heads. This city, though nice for tourists and businesses, was not for us. Especially since we were spending our time in the seedier parts of this city. We had to get out of here. That was the most important thing. We needed to leave Gran Stoby and leave Mercy behind.
Especially leave Mercy behind.
Last night had been crazy. Through an unexpected string of events, both Alice and I had ended up helping our host Charity train a young dominant lady named Rose. We were helping her learn how to train sex slaves... Rose practiced by training us. If that wasn't bad enough, we both had matching nipple rings put on us. These nipple rings were enchanted and usually used for sex slaves. I say usually because neither I nor Alice are sex slaves... so there must be some exceptions. Anyway, it's a long story.
As crazy as last night was, I don't think any of us had expected this morning to get even crazier. Now all three of us had matching tattoos on our upper left chest, just below the collar bone. I was also 'rewarded' with a bonus tattoo on my ass. Mercy and Charity had told us that tattoos would unify and bond us as a team.
Still, it could be worse. Kelsey now had enchanted cat ears and a matching tail. To be honest, it looked good on her, once it was attached it all blended into her natural hair color making it look like an extension of her body.
An enchanted slave ring pierced one of the cat ears, and the tail was long, thin with a bowtie and bell attached at the end. All our new jewelry and... cat accessories, were enchanted (more like cursed). Once they were put on, you could not remove them without a certain type of magic. At least, that's what Alice our only magic user said.
It had taken us a good while to come back to our senses, and even though we were all embarrassed at what had happened, we needed to get our shit straightened out. We managed to get untied, put our clothes back, and then we sat at the table to consider our situation.
Now that everything had slowed down, we finally got to see our new tattoos. We each shared a tattoo of a letter M that was wrapped in barbed wire.
Kelsey had to tell me what my 'bonus' tattoo was, a candy heart with the words 'Spank Slut'. I felt completely disheartened by it. They were on our bodies but they were Mercy's tattoos. To show that we were a team? Bullshit! Mercy didn't even get a tattoo!
There wasn't much we could do about the tattoos now. I didn't know of any way to get them off. The one saving grace I guess is that our clothes, as skimpy as they were, still covered our new tattoos, mostly. The exception was of course my butt tattoo, my leather skirt did not quite cover all of it, and if I bent over or twisted the wrong way, then the tattoo became visible.
"What are we going to do?" I asked, breaking the silence.
"Is there any way to take this damn tail out of me? Every time I touch it, I get a jolt." Kelsey complained.
"All of this stuff is enchanted." Alice said. She sighed and continued, "The only way I can think of to get it off is to find a magic user who specializes in disenchantment magic. There's not too many that I know of."
"Could we find one back home in Millerton?" I asked. Our enchanted slave rings each had a gem that would change colors and could control our orgasms. If the gem glowed red, then no matter how much you wanted, it would be impossible to cum. It's one thing to have self control, but this could get downright painful.
Earlier my need was so great that I was willing to do or say anything. Somehow Mercy, Charity and Rose could control our gems, and we needed to get their permission. It was horrible and I wanted this off me as soon as possible.
"First off, I've never heard of any disenchantment mages in Millerton. Second, there's no fucking way I'm travelling while this stuff is still on me. It's unfortunate, but our best bet to find a mage who can take these off is here in Gran Stoby." Said Alice.
The room stayed silent for a while longer, until Kelsey said "I had heard Gussie say that she picked up these ears and tail and stuff from Pangy's Potion Potential Plus. That's the store we were at yesterday with Mercy. With any luck, this Pangy would be able to give us some information."
"Are you sure we should even go there and ask about these things? Didn't Mercy say that they were friends?" Alice asked. That got me thinking too. I do remember Mercy saying something like that. Did Mercy have a tab there?
"I had thought of asking a guard for help, but what if they think WE are runaway slaves, and they just return us to Mercy? That could be super bad." I injected my thoughts and opinions into the discussion.
"Well, I guess it couldn't hurt to ask Pangy some questions." Alice conceded. "If he's able to supply the jewelry, then there's a chance he might know of any disenchantment mages around."
We got up, checked our gear, and then left.
**********
It was a huge relief for us when we finally found the potion shop. We had gotten lost a few times and needed to backtrack, all the while we were ogled and harassed by strangers. Our normal clothing had been replaced by these skimpy outfits. Mercy had told us would help us fit in, but it turns out, we only fit in with local slave girls in the area.
A bell was attached to the door of Pangy's store that chimed, announcing our entry. The shop had a musky scent of old and dusty things, like the scent of an old library. The room was shaped like a narrow rectangle, slim shelves on both sides with many objects and colorful potion bottles packed on them.
There where many things that hung over the shelves, from dried up flowers, to colorful charms. At the end of the hallway was a little counter. Behind the counter, a doorway of hanging beads, an elderly man came into view. He used a cane to help with a prominent limp. He was balding and wore very thick spectacles.
"My, my, three lovely ladies. What can I do for you?" The old man asked. He had a slight whistle to his speech, that couldn't help but make you smile.
"Are you Pangy?" Kelsey asked.
"Are you tax collectors?" The man said, which threw off Kelsey. "I'm just joking. I am Pangy and this is my store. Is there anything you're looking for?" he laughed.
"We were wondering if you could tell us about this ring." Alice said pointing to the earing on Kelsey's cat ears. The gem was currently colored a dark red.
Pangy squinted at Kelsey and motioned with his hand for her to come closer. She walked up to the counter and leaned in for the old man to have a look.
"A control gem. These are common with slavers who specialize with women slaves." He reached up and gave it a gentle tug. Kelsey gasped and moaned, then quickly jumped back and covered her mouth in embarrassment.
I noticed that the gem became just a little brighter when she moaned, before it settled back into the previous dark red. "I sold one of these this morning. By chance do you know a lady named Mercy?"
The question wasn't unexpected, but we hadn't planned on what to say if it was asked, which caused us to look at each other hoping someone else would answer. The pause didn't go unnoticed.
"I see. Did Mercy put that on you today? I'm guessing you three are her latest project. You know, she was here yesterday and told me she had three new pets." The old man said, piecing our situation together. "Tell me, do you two also have control rings?" he asked Alice and me.
"We do, though ours are different from that one." I spoke. Embarrassed I lifted the edge of my tiny vest to show Pangy my nipple ring. "She has one identical to mine."
"Hmm, I see. Well, I wish I could help you, but I'm unable to disenchant that sort of magic." Pangy said with a sigh.
"What can you tell us about control rings?" Alice asked, feigning ignorance. She already knew a lot about them, but maybe there was something more that she didn't know.
Pangy sat down on a bench unseen behind his counter and thought for a bit. "They are built and purchased from Artificers and Enchanters who usually work together to install and enchant the gems. It's generally a strong enchantment with a simple word or sentence to apply the lock, so anyone can use the rings. Once they are on, it takes a mage who is strong in dispelling magic to remove it. These gems are controlled by a different type of gem. You might not have realized but Mercy and other trainers have a master's gem. It could be a ring or a piercing or a necklace. Regardless of what it is, anyone with master's gem can control any control gem."
That explains a lot. All three had matching gems, and I remembered Rose said I needed permission to cum, but I hadn't realized how literal she meant that. It also explained how Charity was able to allow me to cum, even though it was Mercy who put the ring on me.
"Is there anything else you can tell us?" Kelsey pressed for more information.
"Hmm" Pangy thought some more, "I think I'd heard there is a small team of adventurers at the guild who happen to have a mage specializing in dispelling. They've been making waves in the city for rescuing and freeing slaves. You should maybe try and find them."
"This has been a massive help. Thank you so much!" Kelsey said, and both Alice and I repeated the thanks.
As we headed for the exit, Pangy stood and said, "Be very careful, ladies. Those control rings are bad news, but the slave collars are far worse. Avoid those collars at all costs." That sentence left a cold feeling in the pit of my stomach.
********
We made our way towards the adventurer's guild. It was another uncomfortable walk as we were harassed, groped, and in Kelsey's case, cat-called. Several times I was spanked on my spank slut tattoo when we went through crowded area's. Poor Kelsey kept getting her new tail pulled. Add in that we got lost and turned around a few times, it wasn't until late afternoon that we found the guild hall.
Alice had been in the hall once with Mercy yesterday, so she knew where to go once inside. This guild hall was a mansion compared to the one from Millerton, our old town.
The place was packed with adventure's, who blessedly were too distracted with notice board postings and paperwork to notice us three in our rather... floozie attire. There was a lot of missing people postings. Thinking back, Alice had said that there's been a wave of abductions recently.
We followed Alice to a desk that read 'Help' above it. There was an older lady who wore a clean and crisp uniform. Her name tag read Gabriella.
"How may I... help you?" Gabriella began asking, until she looked at us three. I can imagine she doesn't see adventurers dressed like this every day. I know I hadn't. It was almost comical how we had believed Mercy that this was what normal people wore around here.
The worst part of it all was that none of us had any money on hand to purchase any new clothing, and Mercy had taken our old clothes, leaving us in this 'gear'.
"I know this doesn't look good, Gabriella, but we are adventurers out of Millerton." Alice started. Kelsey continued, "We came to this city with a friend, and now we are in trouble. We had heard that there's a group of adventurers who might be able to help us." Kelsey pointed out her control ring on her ear.
To her credit, Gabriella listened with a lot of understanding. Maybe this wasn't an uncommon thing to happen. When Alice was finished explaining, Gabriella leaned towards us and quietly said "You must be talking about Brinn's team. They have been helping take down a lot of gang activity in the last month or two. You girls hang tight, I'll send a runner to fetch them. With any luck, they'll be here in a little bit."
Relief was visible on all our faces. Gabriella called over a little boy and told him to fetch Brinn. She whispered directions to the lad, and he was off like a racehorse.
As for the rest of us, we just killed time in the employee lounge area. Gabriella had invited us in, saying that we were too distracting in the hall proper. Especially after one adventurer had done as my tattoo instructed and gave me a spank. That was humiliating.
Two hours had passed by, when finally, a new face entered the room. "Hello, Gabriella sent for me. My name is Brinn, and I'm told you need my help." She was beautiful, and proud looking. Tall and tanned, she looked to be about 5'10" with light brown hair in a ponytail that was a done on the side of her head. She wore proper armor that hid her fit figure, with a sword resting on her hip and a small buckler attached to her left bracer.
I don't think I was the only one impressed. Alice and Kelsey also gawked at Brinn. Kelsey was the first to speak. "Hello, Brinn. My name is Kelsey, and this is Alice and Ren." Kelsey stood and went to shake Brinn's hand.
I followed suit and so did Alice. After greetings were made, we told Brinn our story and situation. How we had met Mercy. How Mercy had talked us into travelling to Gran Stoby, and so on.
Brinn listened and bobbed her head in understanding. We omitted some of the more embarrassing things though, like the red and pink creams that had been used on us in the bath's and the other sexual stuff. Brinn was still a stranger and it seemed unnecessary to tell her those things. Better to keep business to removing the control rings.
"It seems you three are in quite a predicament. Unfortunately, I am also in a predicament. As you've heard, my team and I have been making a name for ourselves by freeing slaves from the local gangs in this city. The key word here is team. You see..." Brinn paused.
It looked like she was re-living a bad memory and her eyes began to tear up. "You see, two days ago, we attempted another rescue. It went horribly. The mission was a failure, and my two teammates were captured." Brinn began to cry.
We had her sit down on the couch with us and did our best to comfort her. Brinn cried for a little while, and all we could do was try and keep her calm.
Eventually, Brinn calmed enough to explain more. "My two friends, Hana and Grace, have been taken. Grace is the one who would be able to help you girls. She is the one who's good with dispelling magic. All the other dispelling mages in this town are cowards or exploit their gifts for ludicrous amounts of gold. I've heard horrible stories of slaves going to these mages for help, who end up getting returned to the supposed owners. It's awful. That's why we started rescuing slaves."
Brinn took a deep breath and continued, "Hana would sneak us in, the girl has a talent at unlocking doors. Grace would undo the magic, Maddy and I would handle any guards. But last time, they were ready for us. We walked into a trap, and only Maddy and I escaped."
My ears perked up at her story, especially the part of Hana. It sounded like Hana, and I had a lot of similarities. I got to thinking, "I've got an idea. Maybe we can help each other."
I blurted out, drawing all the attention in the room on me. "It sounds like we need your team, and you need a team. I'm our team's lock expert. Maybe we can help rescue Hana and Grace. If we can get them out, then Grace can help us. It's a win, win for everyone!" I had started rambling faster and faster as I talked.
When I had finished, I could see hope in Brinn's face. Alice said "Brinn, Ren is right. She is very talented at lockpicking. With us there to help, maybe we can rescue your friends."
"That's right! We can do it!" Kelsey stood up, clearly enthusiastic at the idea of a rescue. "They won't be expecting us. Now that they've captured the thorn in their side, they shouldn't be expecting another rescue attempt, especially not so soon. Now's the time to strike!"
"Are you sure you three want to help? It could be dangerous." Brinn warned us, though you could see the hope in her eyes. Her words seemed to just be for precaution.
"We are still adventurer's Brinn. We would help you even if it wasn't helping us out in the end." Alice said, now standing up with Kelsey. She reached down to Brinn, took her hand and pulled the beautiful warrior to her feet.
"Thank you all. This means so much to me." Brinn said, tears threatening to come back. She wiped her eyes with her arm and put on a brave face. "Then together, we will rescue my friends from the Fire Thorns."
Her words echoed in my head, and my legs shook. I very nearly fell down. Visions of Mindy flooded my mind. I thought back to seeing her crawling, her collar with the short chains that attached to the shackles on her wrists. Her look of resignation, the look of a fiery spirit that had been broken.
The tattoo on her upper chest of the Fire Thorns symbol. Unconsciously my hand pressed against the tattoo on my upper chest. The one I'd received hours ago. It was in the same place as Mindy's tattoo.
I wasn't alone in my fear, Kelsey and Alice were both silent.
Brinn picked up on our hesitation "I understand. It's a stupid idea. I'm sorry for even asking. This isn't your fight." She quickly turned around and made for the exit. Kelsey quickly ran and grabbed Brinn's arm, stopping her before she could leave. Brinn turned to face us, tears rolling down her cheeks.
"We're still in this with you." Kelsey said. "It's just that we recently met a girl who was captured by the Fire Thorns. It looks like a terrible fate. We are going to help."
"Yeah. There's no way we're backing down. We should hurry and come up with a plan." I said, sounding braver than I felt.
Brinn smiled and began to wipe the tears from her eyes. "How about you all come with me. I'm scheduled to meet up with Maddy soon. She's our fourth member."
************
Brinn led us through Gran Stoby in a fast pace. She walked with such confidence; people seemed to scurry out of her path like fish to a shark. The effect reminded me of Mercy. Though Brinn wasn't as tall or as bulky, she still carried an air of danger to her. Following behind her, we faced far less harassment on the streets.
We walked several blocks, up past the market street, and along the docks to a small restaurant. The dinning area was surprisingly large. From the outside I thought the place would be a lot smaller. Tables scattered the room with no particular pattern, and the place smelled of seafood.
Brinn lead us in deeper, past the tables, past the bar and kitchen and up to the back wall. There was a doorway that was difficult to see unless you walked all the way to the back wall. Brinn knocked three times, then once, then three more times before the door opened.
Inside was a cute looking girl blonde with shoulder length hair. Her bangs were long and parted down the middle, while the back was in a loose ponytail. Freckles spotted her face heavily along her nose. She wasn't much taller than me. She was dressed in tight fitting clothes, a loose-fitting belt sagged down on her waist from the weight of her quiver.
"Who the hell are these people?" The girl said with a sneer.
"Shh. Not out here. Let's go inside." Brinn said, gesturing with her hands for the young lady to move inside.
The room was small and square, with cushions lining the wall and a short round table in the middle. Brinn had us sit down while she grabbed a pitcher of water and several cups. She talked while she handed out cups of water.
"These people are part of the adventurer's guild, and they need our help." Brinn explained.
"They don't look like adventurers. They look like sluts."
"Don't be rude." Brinn scowled at Maddy. Then looked apologetically to us, "I'm so sorry, we're both very stressed out about what happened. I really should make introductions. This is Maddy. She's our scout and archer."
Maddy huffed.
"Maddy, this is Alice, Ren and Kelsey." Brinn introduced us. "They are looking for Grace's help. I explained our situation to them, and they jumped at the chance to help us rescue Grace and Hana."
Now Maddy looked intrigued. We filled her in on our last few days, from meeting Mercy all the way up to this morning. Though we again omitted a few things, such as the red cream that had been applied to all of us multiple times and even the pink body wash that had removed our pubic hair. Things like that seemed unnecessary to bring up.
Lastly, we didn't bring up the sexual encounters. Maddy already seemed to have a low opinion of us, and we didn't want her to think of us as 'slut's'. So, we kept our explanation's solely on visual things, such as our clothing, control rings and tattoos.
While we talked, Brinn filled the table with food. Fish and vegetables mostly. I really enjoyed the meal; I rarely ate fish, and this was cooked excellently.
"Alright. Our goal is to rescue Hana and Grace. So far, we only know that they've been captured by the Fire Thorns two nights ago." Brinn began. "Our first priority is figuring out where they are keeping them."
"The Fire Thorns are a major player in this city." Maddy continued, "They deal in many legitimate businesses, and Illegal businesses throughout the city. So, figuring out where they are keeping our friends is key. If we barge into the wrong place, it could spell disaster."
"Maybe we could try interrogating one or two of their members." Kelsey suggested, while punching a fist into her palm.
"That might not be a bad idea, but we'd have to be smart about it. If we did it in a wrong place, or to the wrong person, we could get overwhelmed. Worse yet, if we made a mistake, we could end up on the wrong side of prison bars." Brinn said.
"There's a pub in the slums southwest of the city that's owned by the Fire Thorns. If I remember right that place is usually got a bunch of members who frequent it. Rumer is that if you're a gang member you get to drink for free there. I've actually heard that is a big recruitment tactic they have. Again, not sure if its true or just rumor." Maddy spoke as she leaned back and stared at the ceiling.
"Is it possible for us to maybe eavesdrop some conversation there? You know, go in and just listen to conversations? If there's one thing I know about drunks, it's that they're loud with loose lips." I pitched my idea. I felt good contributing to the plan.
"That might work." Brinn said, "We go and listen, maybe ask a few questions about their operation, maybe try and act like we're interested in joining. Who knows, maybe someone will spill the beans. If it comes to it, we could always follow some drunk, or even confront someone. It's kind of a sleezy part of the city, so if we rough some people up there's not surprise there. There won't be many guards wandering around."
"To finding, and then rescuing Grace and Hana!" Kelsey raised her cup of water. We all followed suit and toasted. Morale was at an all time high.
**************
The pub was only two blocks from Charity's training house, and it was enormous, with two floors. The second floor only half the size of the first, had a large, railed space that looked down onto the main floor. Several large round tables were in the centre of the main floor, while smaller rectangular tables were off to the sides.
A long bar was along the entire north wall and had four men dressed in similar uniforms pouring drinks. Upstairs looked to be dedicated to gambling, tables filled with people playing card games and rolling dice.
Even though it was still early evening, the building was bustling. It was obvious why the place was so popular, there were topless server girls walking around. All looked to be slave girls with thick leather collars with arms tied behind their backs.
Several thin metal chains that lead from the collar. One chain dropped down the girl's back and connected to the shackles on their wrist, keeping their elbows bent at ninety degrees. The other chains looked to support a small wooden table that would rest in the middle of their stomach's, displaying the girl's breasts.
All the slave server girls wore a similar 'uniform', a short plaid miniskirt that barely covered their bums, with a large belt that looked to only carry a small open pouch. All had the control rings on, all glowed in a spectrum of red. And all had the Fire Thorns tattoo, a thick letter S in black ink with red triangles sticking out of it. Although it wasn't very big, but still noticeable, our tattoos were similar in size.
A sign in large letters on two of the walls read "No Rough Treatment of the Slaves, No Fighting".
We chose a round table in the center of the room, figuring it would give us the best opportunity to listen and observe the largest amount of people we could. A server greeted us a few minutes in, she had five mugs of ale on her tray. She smiled and said "This is quite a surprise. We don't get many female customers, at least, not un-accompanied female customers."
"Is this place always so busy?" Kelsey asked, as she pulled mugs off the waitress's tray and handed them out.
"It's still early, that'll be twenty coppers for the drinks." She replied and turned sideways, showing us the open pouch at her hip. I felt a small panic at the mention of money, I had none. Brinn leaned over and paid the girl. She thanked us and began walking back towards the bar.
"Thanks, Brinn." I said, "I'd better nurse this drink. I'm broke."
"We're here to find our friends, not to get you drunk, slut." Maddy said with a scowl.
"Easy now, Maddy. We can't draw attention to ourselves, not here. Let's just relax and try and listen. Maybe we can find out some information." Brinn said, putting her arm on her friend's shoulder, easing some of the tension from her friend.
"Look over there." Alice gestured with her head towards some large men standing near the doors. "I think they are guards. Probably here to enforce the rules on the walls."
As the time passed, we watched more and more people come in. Many wore clothing with the Fire Thorns logo. Those men looked to be drinking with abandon. It looked like the rumors about them not having to pay were true. They would pull mugs off the server girls' tray's without paying, and many would fondle the young girl's as well.
"Sitting here isn't getting us anywhere." Maddy said after a while. "Hana and Grace need our help, and all we're doing is sitting here watching these idiots get drunk." Then she stood, palms down on the table, "I say we grab a few of them, take them out back and beat the information from them."
"That'll only bring trouble, patience is what we need." Brinn said, "How about we walk around a bit. Maybe we'll have better luck hearing about their operations and what... where they take new slaves. To be safe, we stay in teams though. No wandering around alone."
Kelsey stood up beside Maddy and said, "I'll come with you." Maddy rolled her eyes but didn't say anything. Both girls walked away.
"Well, how about we go check this place out too." I said trying to keep my voice casual sounding. I'd been having a hard time sitting still for so long. The noises of people gambling upstairs had me feeling restless, and my leg was bouncing uncontrollably.
Alice knew me well enough, she sighed and said, "How about we go look upstairs." I nearly jumped out of my seat with excitement. "let's go." I said with a smile. Brinn looked surprised at my excitement but smiled and stood with us.
Upstairs looked like many of the gambling halls I'd been in. I felt excited seeing the assortment of different games people were playing. Often, I'd stand by a table watching over some shoulders as people played cards. I'd start explaining the rules to Brinn, who looked on with me in curiosity. Sometimes the people playing would look back and give me a dirty look for saying something's I shouldn't have.
Gamblers were very superstitious, and some words were nearly taboo for bringing bad luck. Another thing I explained to Brinn. I felt like I was in my element, and my confidence was climbing by the minute.
"Hey there sexy girl. Could you come here?" A stranger called to Alice. Brinn and I took notice and joined her, walking to the man. "You are beautiful, would you blow on these for luck?" he asked, holding up a set of dice.
Alice looked back to me, a confused look on her face, I gave her a thumbs up. Alice then bent over and meekly blew on the dice in the man's hand. He rolled the dice across the table... and won.
Cheers erupted from the table as the players jumped and whooped, many looking on at Alice with big smiles. The man looked elated and turned back to Alice. "Thank you! Please, take this." He pressed two gold coins in her hand. Alice looked hesitant to take the coin, but the man was insistent.
It started there for us. A different man at the same table asked me blow on some dice for him. Alice and I seemed to get pulled in closer and closer to the table. We slowly turned from merely spectating to being fully involved. More and more men joined as a long winning streak took place.
Brinn stood off to the side, watching. In her armor, she looked imposing and intimidating. A few times she'd been asked to join, but she declined. Eventually she tapped my shoulder and said to me "I'm going to keep walking around and see if I can find anything out. Please don't get carried away and forget what we're here for." Then she left.
I felt guilty for not staying on task. Brinn's friends were in trouble, and here I was, horsing around. I turned to the man beside me, an older fellow. I asked "Hey, are you with the Fire Thorns?" He looked down at me and smiled, turning to show me his vest had the logo.
"Been with the Thorn's for twelve years now." Then, as if me asking him a question suddenly gave him permission, he reached down and squeezed my ass. His hand was right on my tattoo, it felt sensitive. I bit my bottom lip in an effort to stay quiet.
There were two men separating Alice and me, but I could still see her. She looked happily distracted as a different stranger put dice in her hands and encouraged her to roll for him. The crowd cheered her on as she rolled another winning set. The crowd grew bigger, and the table got louder with cheers. People wanted in on the good times.
I didn't say anything to the man who was still fondling my ass. He was beginning to grow more confident, as he groped me harder. My breathing picked up as my heart began to speed up. Any other time I'd have clocked him upside the head or broken his damn hand, but I needed to keep him interested in me. I needed him to help me find where they had taken Grace and Hana.
Of course, I'd been groped in public before. Hell, I'd been groped a lot today while walking through the city, but this time was different. This time, instead of evading or avoiding, I leaned into the pervert. I gave him what he wanted. It seemed like the best way to get what I wanted. Give him what he wants and then I can get what I want, and I want information.
He was only spurred on more, and it felt so damn good. Could it be that it felt so good because we were in public? Mindy had used that slave cream on me this morning. She'd rubbed it all over my tattoo to help it heal. She had told me that even though it would help sooth my skin after the tattoo, it was all around bad. The cream had addictive properties, it was an aphrodisiac and would make my skin more sensitive.
"Wow, twelve years is a long time." I said, trying to keep my words levelled. "You probably know a lot about them." I decided I'd better try fishing for information. Maybe eavesdropping or confrontation was a bad idea. I could maybe just flirt and find out. Especially with someone who'd been with the gang for years like this guy.
"I've always loved how this place uses all these sexy slaves as waitresses." I pressed back into him. I wanted to ask him if he knew where my friends were, but I needed to ask in a way that wouldn't tip my hand. "How do the Fire Thorns get all those beautiful girls?"
Oh no... That was definitely a stupid way to ask.
Shit. Shit. Shit. If I bail now, it will look suspicious. I'd better double down on this gamble.
"You don't mind me asking questions, do you?"
"Maybe in a bit. I've got money on this, and I'm up next." He answered me, then with his hand still on my butt, he turned me to face the table. As the man beside me was rolling, I looked back to the guy behind me.
"My name is Ren, what's your name?" I asked. He let go of my ass and took a step forward pressing my waist into the table and pinning me there with his waist. I could feel his growth pressing against me. His arms were on either side of me, trapping me in. He leaned in and said to me, "I'm Fred."
I looked over to Alice, who looked back at me. She began blushing. It seemed like now a lot of the table's attention was on Fred and me, as he nearly started dry humping me against the table. I was too shocked to say or do anything. My hands pressed on the table as I tried to brace myself and tried to keep from moving around too much. The dealer looked to Fred and I and pushed the dice our way. "Roll for me, babe." He ordered.
My hands shook as I picked up the dice. I tried to control my breathing and tossed the dice as fast as I could. Cheers erupted at the results of my throw, but maybe for the first time in my gambling career, I didn't care. I looked to Alice in an attempt to wordlessly say "Let's get out of here." Only to see that like me, she was being fondled and groped by the men who surrounded her. She was also pressed to the table, hands holding her hips, while other hands pawed at her breasts. It seemed Fred had started a movement, and Alice and I were the stars of the show.
*Click*
My heart jumped in my throat, and I looked down to see that Fred hand unclipped the small chain that held my vest closed. I panicked as Fred's hands reached up and cupped my small breasts. I bit my lip, trying not to moan. "Oh my, what have we here?" He said to me as he tugged on my nipple ring. This time, I did gasp and moan. I felt my knees turn to jelly as the ring sent a jolt directly through me down to my genitals.
"Could we... go somewhere quieter?" I stammered. Many of the people had taken notice, and I saw lust in their eyes. I was on display for these strangers. I felt so turned on, but I also feared what the crowd would do if much more went on.
Fred laughed. "Sure thing, doll." He let me go, and stepped back, leaving me free to quickly tie my vest back closed. I turned to face Fred and said, "I want my friend to come with us." I pointed to Alice.
I'm not sure what Fred had said to the men who had been fondling Alice, but they all smiled and released her. I rushed to her, taking her hands. "Sorry Alice, that got a little crazy there." I said to her.
She rubbed the tears from her eyes, I hadn't even realized how scared she was. I guess it made sense, she was never one to stay out gambling with me. She hated large crowds, and generally kept to herself. This was way too intense for me, and I was much more used to this stuff than she was.
"These guys are with the Fire Thorns." I spoke softly to her, "Fred said he might know something." I know he hadn't actually said that he knew something, but I needed to get out of this messy situation, and I needed Alice with me.
Fred and three other men led me and Alice through the crowded upstairs, down to the main floor and towards a door that led to the side of the building. Once outside, we walked down a wide alleyway and stopped near the corner. Fred and the other men stopped and formed a semi-circle around me and Alice, our backs to the wall.
"Fred, babe," I started. I thought I'd better ask sweetly, maybe this guy could give me some answers. "Alice and I have been looking for some friends. We'd heard that they might've been sent to the Fire Thorns. Would you be able..."
Fred stepped closer to me, cutting off my question, "A lot of people come to the Thorns, some looking for help. Some come to us looking for protection." He smiled and stepped even closer, lifting a hand towards me, "Some... come for satisfaction... willingly."
He took another step towards me, and I stepped back. I panicked, what was I thinking, coming to an alleyway with four gang members. My back pressed against the wall, halting me. Freds hand lifted to my vest, and he once again unclipped the chain.
I heard Alice gasp. I looked to find her surrounded by two of the other men. She looked frightened at me, and then back to the man in front of her. The fourth man had started rummaging through a bag.
"The thing is... It's not everyday that a pretty little girl comes to us while wearing a slave ring." Fred said, and then quickly his hands pulled open my vest. He then stopped and stared, a puzzled look on his face. "You've got a marked tattoo... I've seen that tattoo before."
"I've never seen that one before." The man holding Alice said, now looking at me as well. He then pulled Alice's top up, her large breasts spilling out. "She's got the same tattoo and slave ring."
"I guess it doesn't matter. We'll tie em up and bring em to the base. Figure things out from there." Fred said with a smile. The fourth man came into view, a collar in his hands.
*Crack*
Like thunder, there was a loud boom, and the fourth man's head flew to the side, pulling his body with it. Fred and the other two quickly turned around to see Mercy's massive frame before them. Her massive sledgehammer came down, crushing Fred's head, while her free hand punched one of the other men right in the solar plexus.
The man dropped to his knees, gasping for air. Mercy then slammed her hammer into the head of the last man, who had tried to flee. He flew sideways and bounced off the side of the building, before rag dolling onto the floor.
"You dumb fucks!" Mercy growled at the downed man and his three dead friends. "Nobody takes my girls." She delivered a kick to his side, sending him flying. "Nobody takes my girls. Not. Any. More." Mercy kicked him around like a ball, each word delivered with another kick. The man was sobbing, still holding his sides and gasping for air, he now lay in the fetal position.
"Mercy, stop." I said, "We're sorry. Please stop hurting him."
"Oh, you're going to be sorry." She spoke to me while never looking away from the down and broken man. "What were you even doing here? This place is run by the Fire Thorns."
"We..." I paused, looking for the right things to say. I knew I needed to give her an answer, but if we told her the truth, that we wanted to get out of town, she'd never let us go. We couldn't get out of town without getting the control rings... the slave rings off first. "We went to the guild for work... like we always do... did..." I trailed off.
"We met a few people who asked us for help." Alice continued my sentence. She walked towards Mercy and the crying man; I think she intended to heal him. Alice was our only magic user, and she could only use healing magic. She leaned down to him, her hands beginning to glow.
"Don't." Mercy stopped her. "This is a member of the Fire Thorns. A man who has been going around abducting women. It's going to be bad enough when they find the bodies, but if someone points us out, it'll be big trouble for us."
Alice stepped back while Mercy raised her sledgehammer high, and then took the man's life in the alley. It was a sobering reminder of her raw physical power.
Mercy grabbed the partially opened bag from the floor,. She looked inside and pulled out a rag, then she attached the bag to her belt. It was the same bag that the fourth man had been rummaging through.
"We should go before anyone see's us." She said while she cleaned off the weapon. The alley was a mess with bodies, but surprisingly there was little blood. We followed Mercy the rest of the way through the alley and back around to the front door, trying to make it look like we just arrived.
The pub was now very busy. Men and women crowded around the long bar, impatient for alcohol. There was also a large crowd gathered off in one of the corners. There was a loud amount of hooting and hollering, but I was too short to see what they were all cheering about. I'd accidentally bumped into a few people as I walked. I needed to look where I was going.
There at the table we previously had, was Brinn. Sitting with her were three men, who looked to be hitting on her. She had an annoyed look on her face as the scruffy looking man said something and laughed loudly. Brinn rolled her eyes at him, then spotted Alice and me. Her face immediately lit up, and she waved us over with exaggerated arm movements.
Quickly I rushed over to her, hoping I could say a few words to her before she met Mercy. Seeing me approach, she gently pushed one of the men aside to clear my way. "Brinn, Mercy is here with us. It's a long story, and we'll tell you, but please don't say anything about us trying to leave, and don't mention that Grace is a mage." I rambled my words very fast into her ear.
"Mercy's here?" Is all she was able to say before Mercy arrived at the table with Alice.
The three men turned to look at Mercy, but only one had recognition in his eyes. He stood up quickly and smiled, "Mercy! When did you get back? I've not seen you in years!" The man stood from his chair and took a step towards her, arms out for an embrace.
Mercy put a hand onto the man's shoulder and pushed him aside and sat in his now empty chair. "Thanks for the chair, Todd." The other two men looked confused. One stood up with an insulted look in his eyes.
Todd lowered his arms and tried to defuse the situation. "It's all good, guys. This is Mercy, she used to work for the Thorns. She can be a bit rough around the edges, but she's good shit."
As if to taunt the man, Mercy leaned over and took his nearly full mug of ale. The man looked aghast, but made no move to stop her, he just looked side to side at his buddies as if to say "What the fuck? Did you see this?"
Mercy looked to Todd and said, "Got back just yesterday." She took a long gulp of the ale and continued "You boys better skedaddle. This is my table now." Todd didn't need to be asked twice and led his buddies away while still trying to calm down the one who was fuming.
"Brinn, this is Mercy. Mercy, this is Brinn." I made introductions and made to sit down, but Mercy swiftly brought her free hand up and pulled me to her lap. I stiffened up at first, having a brief flashback to this morning. Then that smell of lilacs hit me, the smell that seemed to melt away my will and leave me feeling dizzy and needy. I couldn't help but relax a little.
Alice sat down to my and Mercy's right, while Brinn was to our left. Brinn had a look of concern on her face, trying to read the situation. Alice looked flushed and embarrassed with her hands in her lap, while I was sitting on Mercy's lap, feeling awkward.
This wasn't the first time I'd been on Mercy's lap, but this was the first time in public. It seemed like every time she had me in her lap, she would tease me and toy with me. I looked around and saw horny drunk men looking my way.
Mercy took another long pull of the drink before slamming down her empty mug. "My girls told me that they met some people at the guild today who needed help. I take it you're one of them?" She asked Brinn.
"Your girls?" Brinn leaned forward, a look of disgust on her face now. It looked like she was sizing Mercy up. Brinn was certainly tall and muscular, she looked like a seasoned fighter, but after seeing Mercy again in action only a few minutes ago, I still felt Brinn was no match. The thing that concerned me was whether Brinn know she stood no chance.
"Yes. My girls." Mercy said with confidence. I felt her hand glide up my abdomen and under my vest. Mercy then gave my tit a hard squeeze that made me gasp and squirm on her lap. She never once broke eye contact with Brinn while she tormented me. "Isn't that right Ren? You're my girl." I felt her thumb rub back and forth over my very erect nipple.
My stomach leapt into my throat. My mouth was dry. I was about to answer when a mighty cheer erupted from the large gathering of men over in the crowded corner.
The sound was so abrupt that you couldn't help looking. Still, I was too low down sitting on Mercy's lap to see what was going on, though now there looked to be a man standing on a table with his shirt off. He swung it over his head in celebration, and more cheering could be heard.
Alice took the chance to break the tension between Brinn and Mercy, "Brinn's friends have been abducted by the Fire Thorns. Brinn and her friend, Maddy, have asked us to help them rescue their friends. So, we came here to see if we could find anything out."
Mercy seemed to relax at the explanation. Slowly she leaned back in her seat, the hand leaving my tit and travelled onto my lap. Her hand rubbed up and down my thigh while she seemed to think on what she had just heard. Brinn still leaned forward, tense as a lion.
"I think... I think I may be able to help you. I have some connections with the Fire Thorns. As it happens, I was just there earlier today." Mercy said with a pause of thought. "Today's been very interesting for me, and it only seems to be getting better."
I could hear the smile in her voice. She was definitely building up to something. I felt her hand squeeze my thigh.
"Here's the problem for me Brinn, If I decide to help you, I'd be crossing the Fire Thorns. I'd be putting my neck on the line. Trust is needed for my help." Mercy said aloud.
I tensed up at her words. We were in the middle of a Fire Thorn controlled bar, surrounded by its gang members, and she was talking out loud about crossing them. I looked around at the strangers who surrounded us, but it seemed no one was actually listening to our conversation.
A slave waitress arrived at our table and Mercy grabbed another mug from the girl, "Brinn, pay this lovely creature for me." Brinn looked very on edge, stress shown in her face. I think she was also nervous about having this conversation in this location.
Brinn reached for her coin purse with deliberate slow motions, never losing eye contact. "I've never shied away from action. I'm willing to do anything to help save my friends. What can I do to earn your trust? How much do you know?" Brinn asked while she dropped the coins in the waitresses open pouch.
"I've got to know what kind of person you are, Brinn. I've got to see how you handle yourself in unexpected situations. Are you a lady of action, or someone who will crack under pressure? Are you someone who will follow orders, even in a stressful situation?" Mercy took a long swig of her ale, and then slammed the empty mug on the table.
Brinn jumped back in her seat at the loud bang of the mug. It was clear to see how nervous Mercy was making her.
Another loud cheer from the crowd in the corner. I wanted to know what was going on over there. They were chanting "COLLAR, COLLAR, COLLAR."
Whatever was going on wasn't good. The crowd only looked to be getting thicker. I watched as several of the slave waitresses were pulled in and engulfed into the mob. I felt another shiver run down my spine.
Brinn brought the attention back to our table, "Mercy, I need to help my friends. I'm willing to do what it takes to prove to you that I'm dependable. I will not flinch under pressure." She said with confidence as she straightened her back with hands now on her knees.
"Then prove it to me." Mercy said as she stood up, pushing me off her lap. This time, I didn't fall onto the floor like I had in the past. Brinn stood up following Mercy's lead, and then so did Alice.
I felt Mercy grab the back of my small vest in a firm, steel like grip, "Brinn, I've got two girls here who have been bad. I've got two bad, naughty girls here." This couldn't be good.
My perspective went wild as I was pushed against the table, then bent over it, with Alice soon after me. Mercy stood between Alice and me, hands on the back of our necks. "Do. Not. Move" I heard her say.
My hands had landed on the table in an instinctual attempt to break or cushion my fall. Even though Mercy told me not to move, I still tried. I tested the range of movement to find I had very little. I chose to relax my arms, accepting that I wasn't going to be going anywhere easily.
Strangers began looking at us, two at first, but then I watched as they nudged and called out for more people to look at our table and all the commotion that was beginning. I felt myself flush, and I tried to hide my face with my hands. Still, I could hear Mercy talking to Brinn, not at all bothered by the crowd.
"If you want my trust." Mercy said, her voice rising.
*SMACK*
"Ah" I heard Alice cry out.
"Then I want you to punish my naughty," *SMACK* "Dirty," *SMACK* "Disobedient," *SMACK* "Slutty girls!" *SMACK, SMACK, SMACK*
Alice cried out after each spank, causing me to flinch each time. I peeked through my fingers to look over at my friend. Alice had her face covered with her hands, like I had. There was a large crowd of men now circling our table. All were smiling, watching as Mercy administered punishment to Alice.
"You said you were a lady of action, Brinn. Someone who wouldn't hesitate to help her friends. You said you'd do anything; I want you to punish Ren for me. Show me how you obey orders." Mercy said to Brinn. I curled my head over to my left shoulder to see Brinn. She stood there, wide eyed and uncertain. She then looked down at me, staring at me but not moving, indecision all over her face.
"Spank her!" Mercy shouted at Brinn, causing her to jump back in fear. The crowd began chanting "SPANK HER, SPANK HER!"
I felt my heart racing. I thought, "This can't be happening.
Brinn was looking left and right at the growing crowd of men. Mercy pulled me upright by my hair, and turned me to face Brinn, who still stood there with a panicked expression. I smelled that deliciously alluring smell from Mercy, the smell that brought so much excitement to me.
Mercy unclipped my small vest and tore it down off me, exposing me to everyone. Another loud cheer burst from the crowd of onlookers as Mercy threw my vest into the crowd. I went to cover myself, only to have Mercy push me back into the bent over position on the table again.
This was so humiliating!
"She's been a bad little girl and needs to be punished!" Mercy again shouted at Brinn, putting more pressure on her, along with the chanting from the crowd.
"Punish her! Punish her!" They shouted in chorus.
I watched Brinn nervously take the two steps toward me. She gently placed a hand on my lower back. I tensed up, expecting a strong blow from her. I felt her shaking. She looked nearly as strong as Mercy, and I expected it to be very painful.
*Smack*
It stung, but not to any extent I would have expected. It felt playful and pleasant, not at all like the spanks I'd received from Mercy. Part of me felt... disappointed...? Was that the feeling?
Boos came from the men. I looked back behind me to see Brinn. She looked frightened. Frightened at what she was doing, frightened at the crowd, and frightened for me. Or was she frightened for herself?
"Spank my little spank slut better than that." I heard Mercy taunt Brinn. Then Mercy humiliated me further by pulling my leather skirt off and showing everyone my bare ass. Not just my bare ass, but also my 'Spank Slut' tattoo. I covered my face once more in embarrassment, hearing the cheering of the strangers that surrounded us.
*Smack*
I felt another half-hearted spank on my now bare ass, followed by more boos from the crowd.
"What was that sad display? Do you not know how to properly spank a disobedient little tart? Do I need to show you how to do it?" Mercy heckled.
*SMACK* Pain rippled through my body, starting from my ass and settling in my pussy.
"Ah!" I screamed. That one hurt a lot; the crowd roared.
"That is how you properly punish a spank slut." I heard Mercy say. Then I felt her run her hand down my pussy lips, and I gasped as Mercy rubbed me with expertise. It felt so, so good. Unconsciously I raised my ass to her, going onto the tips of my toes, trying to get more contact.
"See how wet this little slut is?" I pictured Mercy showing my wetness off to Brinn and the whole crowd.
More cheers thundered. I kept my face covered. "Spank her properly if you want my help. Spank her like you mean it, or I'll spank you!" I heard Mercy say before her words were once again drowned by the cheering crowd.
Just how many people were watching this? It felt like Mercy was really playing things up for this crowd.
Moments passed before...
*Spank*
This one hurt a little more, but not enough to make me cry out like I had with Mercy. What surprised me more was the way the crowd went quiet. This had me pull my hands from my face to look over my shoulder. Mercy had a scowl on her face, one that frightened me. I then looked over my other shoulder to see the frightened look on Brinn's face.
Mercy took slow measured steps toward Brinn, who tried to back up but was stopped by the wall of people behind her. Hands seized her arms from all around, and the girl I'd met this afternoon, the girl who looked so strong and brave and heroic, now looked meek and small. Especially small compared to the looming Mercy.
Mercy reached for Brinn's belt while she talked, "Here I thought you were different. Still, I plan to help you find your friends, Brinn. I know exactly where Hana and Grace are, and I fully intend to re-unite you all." Mercy pulled Brinn's belt off, folded the belt, and slung it over her shoulder. Then she began unclipping Brinn's armor.
Brinn made no effort to move while Mercy unclipped her armor. "You... you know where Grace and Hana are? Are you sure?" is all Brinn managed to say as her armor was tossed to the floor. "And, you'll help me?"
Mercy pinched Brinn's face, making it look like Brinn was making a kissing face. Mercy leaned in and said with such condescension, "I'll bring you right to Hana tonight. If you behave and follow my orders, I'll bring you to Grace, too. Does that sound good to you?" Mercy asked, her tone cold.
Then Mercy, while still pinching Brinn's face, nodded the girls head up and down in a forced agreement. "Are you going to behave for me, like a good girl?" Mercy again nodded Brinn's head and then said, "Good girl."
Mercy let go of Brinn's face and stepped back. "Stay right there a moment."
Mercy turned to face me and Alice. We were still bent over the table. "Don't think I've forgotten about the two of you. Stand up. Alice, you look overdressed for what I've got planned."
Mercy smiled at us. I felt a shiver run through me. I looked back and saw panic in Alice's eyes. She looked left and right at all the men who circled us. They began chanting something, but I couldn't quite make out what it was.
I watched a few men pawing at Alice, pulling at her clothing. The crowd became much more aggressive when Mercy didn't stop them. I heard Alice cry out as the crowd undressed her, ripping her clothing to shreds.
Mercy laughed and reached into the bag she had stolen from that man in the alley. She pulled out a couple jars of the red cream and handed it to our audience. "Put them on the table and lather them up with this." Mercy told the men, then she shouted, "PLAY WITH MY GIRLS, BUT IF I SEE ONE COCK OUT, I'LL RIP IT OFF!"
I was having a hard time processing all this, I couldn't breathe, I couldn't think. All the faces that surrounded us seemed to focus on Alice and me. In a blur of motion, I was pushed back into the table by the mob.
Hands everywhere, they grabbed at me, pinching and pulling. More and more hands, I was lifted and dragged onto the table, I heard the mugs crashing to the floor as I took their place.
Soon Alice joined me, laying naked beside me, though she was laid opposite as in her feet were at the same edge as my hands and vice versa. Our arms and legs were pulled out and wide for the mob to view all of us.
Then the damn red cream was dumped on us. I shrieked in surprise, though I should have expected it since I knew Mercy had handed jars of the stuff out. It felt cold at first, a shock to the system. Hands from every which way descended on us, pressing and rubbing the cream all over.
It didn't feel cold for long. Now it felt hot. So deliciously hot, and it left a tingling feeling everywhere. A few times I tried to pull my hands and feet in, but it was futile. Looking up, I saw the men held my hands in place at the wrists.
I was disgusted when one rubbed his groin against my hand. I could feel him through his pants. Then like dominoes, I felt the same thing on the other hand, and on my feet. I was held in place while these drunk men dry humped my hands and feet in public.
My senses were completely overwhelmed by all the sensation. The cream left that tingling feeling that I loved, and all the hands rubbing everywhere that felt so wrong at first, now felt incredible.
I had such a hard time thinking as hands rubbed up and down my legs, my arms, my tummy. Like a whole-body massage by twenty hands. Fingers roughly pulled at my nipples, hands ran up my thighs and fingers rubbed my pussy. The cream heightened my sense of touch massively and I was drowning in pleasure.
*CRACK*
"Hmm!" I heard a cry. It sounded like Brinn. I tried to look over, but the crowd was too thick to make anything out.
"One!" A cheer sounded from the pub. I gave up trying to look sideways,. The crowd around us was like a wall.
I rested my head and looked up. That's when I saw all the people upstairs. All along the railing upstairs were people looking down at us. So many observers, so many eyes on me, nude and being pleasured by so many strangers, unable to move.
*CRACK*
"Hmm" I heard Brinn cry out again. "Two!" The crowd upstairs chanted.
The pattern continued, but I couldn't pay attention for long. A separate chant was going on around me, one I couldn't quite put together, but the hands that held my arms down relaxed. I was pulled into a sitting position, then pushed towards the prostrated Alice.
I was picked up and made to straddle her head. I had precious moments to take in my surrounding's before more hands pulled my torso down, forcing my head between Alice's legs.
Though it was very brief, I got a very quick look around from the sitting position I'd had on the table. I was able to see over the heads of a lot of the men. It was hard to process what I'd seen, but it looked like... no, it couldn't have been.
I swear I'd seen two familiar figures in the other crowd, the one in the corner. Was that cat ears on the one? Could the other figure have been Maddy? It was too brief a look to know for certain. I then looked over and down toward Mercy.
Now that was a sight.
Mercy had Brinn bent over the backrest of a chair. Brinn's arms were tied behind her back at the elbow. Her shirt and pants had been pulled off, leaving her large tits dangling and swaying above the seat. She still looked to have her panties on but was otherwise naked, except for the ball gag she had strapped around her head. Mercy stood to side of her, Brinn's belt in one hand and the other pulled on Brinn's hair, forcing the once strong lady to gaze up at the onlookers. Tears of mascara ran down her cheeks.
The strangers who were counting the strikes, watching her be humiliated.
That was all I was able to see before I was pulled down onto Alice. Hands pushed my face down, my mouth to Alice's pussy. I smelled her arousal mixed in with the scent of the red cream. I knew what they wanted from me, and in moments of smelling Alice, I wanted it too. I licked long and deep, tasting and re-tasting. She shuddered from my tonguing.
Then I felt her tongue on me, sending such euphoric pleasure through me. I felt my toes curl, and I breathed rapidly. I picked up my pace, licking long strokes and sucking hard on her pussy. I felt the world around me melt as I gave and received pleasure.
Then a hand slapped my ass right on my 'Spank Slut' tattoo, causing me to jump. It brought me back to reality, where I was and what I was doing. I once more heard the cheers, not that they had ever actually gone away, it had just been in that instant that I lost track of the world.
One smack quickly turned into many as these strangers rained down stinging spanks onto my upraised ass. Another man pulled on my hair, pulling my face back down every time I stopped for air. I felt absolutely smothered, and I'd never been so wet and excited.
If not for that horrible gem, I'd have cum over and over by then. I'm certain I wasn't the only one. Alice was getting it nearly as bad as I was.
I kept licking, while Alice licked me. Hands still roamed all over our bodies. They pinched and pulled at my nipples. Each spank caused me to cry into her wet slit. Gods I wanted to cum so bad. I felt so incredible, be it from the licking, or the cream, or it could have just been from the humiliation and public exhibition, but I wanted... I needed to cum.
The fucking gem wouldn't allow it. I hated this fucking gem.
"Please... I want to cum..." I said between gasps. I wasn't heard in the large crowd; my head was shoved back into an equally wanting Alice.
I felt a slick finger enter my backdoor. I cried out into Alice. I shook, unable to do anything.
"Mercy! Please... Please let us cum!" I barely heard Alice over the crowd. There was no way that Mercy could hear her.
Blessedly, the people around us heard, and a few of them passed our plea's. "Ha. Did you hear em? They're begging Mercy for mercy."
"Look at those slave rings! They're glowing so bright they could light up the street!" Another man shouted. I'd forgotten that the gems illuminated the more desperate we were. Though, I couldn't currently see my gem, or much else while my head was pressed into my friend's crotch.
"I hear you boys!" Mercy's voice cut through the crowd. "Five more spanks! Then my girls may cum!"
The room thundered louder and louder. Numbers were called out, followed by cheers with each number. Brinn's muffled cries could barely be heard.
Alice and I continued being stimulated. It felt like they were getting more aggressive with each passing number being called. I felt I was going to go insane if this went on much longer.
"FIVE!"
*BANG* *BANG* *BANG* *BANG* *BANG*
Stomping could be heard from the spectators on the second floor and from the neighboring tables.
I felt the gem not only release the hold but encourage me on. Euphoric electricity jolted through me in massive waves. The pleasure was so intense that my mind went blank, as orgasms rushed through me in rapid succession. Tears ran from my eye's, drool from my mouth.
A man pulled my head up for the crowd to see my O face. Laughter and more cheering erupted. I couldn't focus on any of it. My eyes were crossed, tears and drool continued pouring from my face.
"Ths... Filsss.. Gret... YoU ThaNk..." I tried to form words of thanks, but only gibberish came forth. More laughter.
"Look at them shake!" Words started becoming whole to me again as time seemed to come back to normal. "Don't get too close, or you might get a foot to the face from one of these sluts."
"Why not keep the trend going! Get them collared too!" Another man shouted, which started more chanting.
"COLLAR, COLLAR, COLLAR" They stomped and shouted. This was just like earlier with that other group.
"GUARDS!" Shouted someone, breaking up the current chant.
"GUARDS! They've found dead bodies out back!"
Hands no longer held me in place as the crowd of people rushed for the doors. I felt drained, and hazy. I managed to roll off Alice with her help. I lay there looking up at the ceiling, trying to catch my breath. My ass felt so sore.
"Shit! Get up!" Mercy's voice yelled. She pulled me up and off the table. My legs wobbled as I tried to stand up straight. Alice was pulled up as well. She braced herself with a hand on a chair as she tryed to catch her breath.
I reached down to the floor to pick up my clothes but was pulled back by Mercy. "No time. Once they realize those bodies are Thorn members, they'll be furious. We need to get out of here. Charity's place isn't far."
Mercy picked me up and threw me over her shoulder like a sack of potatoes. I saw Brinn standing behind Mercy in her panties, hands still tied behind her back and a ball gag in her mouth. "Hurry up and follow me. I'll keep my word and take you to see your friend." Mercy said as she hurried to the nearest exit.
People flooded the streets in all directions, some pointed at our nude parade, but most people were too occupied trying to leave the scene as well. Mercy put me down and then pulled out three long strands of rope. She nimbly knotted them and threw them over our heads. "Now it's less likely the guards will stop us. They'll think you're all just slaves and leave us be." Mercy said with a wink and then led us down the streets to Charity's place.
Even though the walk was done at a fast pace, I still felt humiliated. I was streaking down the street, or should I say, being led down the street on a fucking leash. It was worse when I considered that the only clothes I had left was now left inside that pub. I never wanted to return there. Possibly the only blessing in all this was that it was late, and dark out.
Eventually we got to Charity's place. As we ascended the stairs to the front doors, I heard Brinn making a lot of noise. In the haste to flee the pub, I'd forgotten that she was gagged. Unlike her, my hands were not tied behind my back, or I guess they weren't tied at all. I helped take the ball gag off her. "Thank you, Ren." She said to me. Then she raised her voice as she talked to Mercy.
"You said you would keep your word. You'll take me to Hana tonight." Brinn said. She somehow brimmed with confidence, especially for someone who was only in her underwear with her hands tied behind her back at the elbows, and mascara tear lines down her cheeks.
Mercy pulled us inside to an empty room. "I did keep my word. Didn't I show you how to properly spank someone?" Mercy laughed, "Maybe you're bad at learning, and we should go over it again, and maybe again for redundancy. I'll teach you not to speak to me like that again." I think I heard Brinn gulp. "As for Hana... Well, I certainly plan on bringing you to her. She's with Charity in the dungeon right now."
******************
Thank you for reading.
Please leave me a comment and let me know you think of the story so far. I can't emphasize it enough how much I love getting feedback. I check out the comments constantly, and I find them very motivating. Please let me know of anything's I should add, or anything that you dislike. Prediction's are always fun too. I love it all.
I've noticed a few requests to get Alice's and Kelsey's perspective. Honesty I'd never considered writing their perspectives until it was suggested. I'd thought it kind of a fun mystery to look away and then look back to see things changed around you. Kind of like the world moving around you.
I've not yet decided if I will write their perspectives yet, but It is something I'm considering now.
Lastly, another big thanks to Jordan Church for helping me edit and helping me get into writing.