I was sitting in my magic chair watching Holmes on Homes trying to come up with one of our adventures to write about, and then it came to me. My wife was bugging me that she wanted to go to the Christmas Tree Shop at the Holyoke Mall in Holyoke MA.
You will have to bear with me as this adventure took place at least 10 years ago, but probably more like 15 years ago. It happened when The Christmas Tree Shop was first put in the Mall. Anyway I finally told my wife that we could go to the Mall on the following Tuesday about a week away. She was so happy, but it was a long way away and wanted to go sooner. I told her that I needed to make some arrangements before we went there, as I had to meet someone. She thought it was for work as we own a business, but it was a man that wanted to take pictures of my wife.
I emailed a man that wanted to have my wife model for him we always meet with the men first before my wife decides to model. I will call the man J and give my wife the name of B. J emailed me back almost immediately that he was available on Tuesday at 10 AM and we exchanged cell phone numbers and types of vehicles.
Tuesday finally came for my wife; the only good thing for me was that we would be meeting a man that could possibly be someone that would be seeing my wife nude. The trip took about an hour and we talked about the kids and my wife said that she wanted to get some big ticket Items from the store for our front deck. I liked what we had on the deck presently and it was paid for.
We got to the Mall at 9:30 and my wife went into the store. I told her that since I make her nervous I will stay out in the truck, but I did not tell her I was meeting with a photographer that wanted to photograph her nude. He arrived at about 10:15 after calling me, so that I could talk him into my parking area and space.
J was a little younger than us and immediately I liked his easy going nature. He brought a book with him of pictures he took of other models including his wife. They were mostly glamor shots but in the back of the book he had some nudes of women including his wife.
I had him come with me into the store to find my wife. It did not take long for me to find her as she was looking at the patio furniture in the Christmas Tree Shop. I introduced J to my wife and told her he was a photographer they shook hands and my wife asked him what type of photos he usually takes. He said that he did mostly glamor photography and that he had a book of his photos in our truck for my wife to look at if she liked.
My wife wanted the furniture and I had the credit card that we would use for it, so a plan started to form in my devious mind. I told my wife to come back to the truck so we can talk with J and then maybe I would give my approval to purchase the patio furniture. B was so excited that she walked in front of us hurrying to the truck. It was late March early April when this adventure happened, so she had a winter jacket on with a winter top and slacks. She wore sexy boots on her feet. J commented that my wife had a great figure what he could see of it and he thought she was at least 10 years younger than she was at the time.
We got to the truck and I opened it for us, there was a back seat to it and I told my wife to get into the back seat. It was a week day and there were not many cars around us. J gave my wife his book of photos and she was very impressed with the first few photos. I could see by her face when she came to the nude women because she turned red with embarrassment.
B said OK I have seen the pictures now can we go to get the furniture? She also being her polite self told J that she was glad to meet him. I interrupted her being Italian myself telling her that J was looking for a nude model leaving the sentence open ended, so that she could see that she would be a good prospect for him, taking the hint my wife knowing that she would not get back into the store until she satisfied me, so she asked J if he would consider her as a model.
As J and I discussed in the truck before we went in to find B I said that he was to ask her to remove her clothes in the truck to see what she looks like. He was having a problem asking her that she needed to remove her clothes to see what she looks like nude. Turning red he told my wife that she would have to remove her clothes so he could see what she looks like nude.
My wife looks at me and then at J and it was her turn to be embarrassed. She said right here in the truck" while looking at me. It was my turn to speak up and said to her you want the patio furniture today? She said yes, so I told her she had to remove her cloths, so that J could see her. I then started the truck to warm it up; My wife looked at me and said your both serious. I could see she was becoming humiliated thinking about her coming exposure.
I could see her face and it turned red when she made up her mind to do it her next statement was OK I will do it as long as I can get the patio furniture. I told her she could as long as she totally exposed herself to J so that he could make an informed decision on how he was going to use her in a photo shoot.
B removed her jacket and put it in the front seat. We were lookouts to make sure that there would not be any trouble. She pulled her top over her head then removed her boots. By this time I could see the humiliation coming to her face as she pulled the straps off her shoulders and spun the bra around as women do, then unhooked it. Her final garment her panties she asked J if she could keep them on. He looked at me asking if it was OK for her to take off her panties also. I said that it was up to him he was the one that was going to take the pictures.
J sort of mumbled that he needed to see her nude. She skinned them down sitting with her legs tight together her light brown pubic hair setting between her legs and very embarrassed being nude in the truck at a mall in broad daylight, but I was not done. I said to J I thought you wanted to take erotic pictures? Well yes he said clearing his throat for the 6th time that day he told her to spread her legs. There it was my wife's beautiful pussy was on full view for a complete stranger we only knew his first name. I then had her open her vagina for J to see looking at me she said what the hell leaned back as far as she could in the cramped back of the truck and spread her legs as far as she could. She was becoming very wet by this time, her nipples were like erasures, her pheromones were very noticeable in the air and if that was not enough to show she was excited her eyes were giving her away.
I was surprised when J asked her to cum for him. She closed her eyes without even giving us a hard time and used her fingers rubbing her clit and sticking fingers in her pussy until within 5 minutes she had the biggest orgasm that I had seen in a long time the moisture was coming out of her pussy and running onto the seat. She laid there with her legs spread for a long time catching her breath, then just stayed that way while conversing with us.
He asked if he could touch her after getting my OK she sat up and he rubbed her breast then he played with her pussy for a little while giving her another orgasm not as big as the first, but still she laid back to enjoy it. I could see a few guys looking our way, so I told my wife to get dressed.
J did take her photos a few times and she enjoyed herself, but that story is for another time. OH yes she also got the patio set she wanted that day. Boy am I a push over.