Cody and Liv continue to give in to their passion, and have sex on Liv's desk in the empty offices late one night. Not long after, a heart attack sends Liv to the hospital. Cody agrees to help at the house, being there for her daughter Carla while Liv recovers. Liv arranges for Cody to take over some of her workload, with a hefty raise. Liv's son Jack, Cody's oldest friend, visits with his girlfriend Yv. Loud and bold, she strips in the kitchen the next morning and offers to let Cody join a threesome all Friday night. Liv is amused by the whole thing, and not jealous.
Just after midnight Saturday morning, I heard something downstairs that I didn't quite register, and resolved to ignore it and get back to sleep. Then I heard it again, and a third time. Unable to fall back asleep, I moved to the door and slowly opened it. Yv's voice was insistent, barely audible, and the creaking was quicker now that I heard it for myself. Rhythmic, and now I heard Jack's answering groan. Sneaking a peek wasn't the right thing to do, but I told myself I just wanted to make sure everything was okay, and crept down the hall, peering around the corner, down into the living room.
Yv was sitting on the couch facing the stairs, her hips forward to the very edge, holding her legs back at the knees with her arms, hands clasped over her midriff. She and Jack were naked, and I had a bird's eye view of Jack's cock pumping her pussy. After so long without Liv, seeing them fucking gave me a thrill I could barely admit to myself. My cock was now awake, straining against my sweats. Jack was still muscular and wiry from all the hiking he'd done in the Scouts, his buttocks clenching with each thrust into her, and I wondered for a moment where he'd gottenthismerit badge.
Yv's gash was spread wide, the curly pink hair so like cotton candy, divided across the pinkness of her pussy, and she pulled her legs back further up and to the side, the pink curls parting and welcoming his thick rod inside her, while he gripped her buttocks at the very edge of the cushions. They had thoughtfully laid a towel down, and I heard the liquid squishing sound as he moved his cock in between her lovely, wet pink pussy lips. Yv's breasts were pointed skyward, not quite directly at the ceiling, and the view of my friend and Yv fucking transfixed me utterly. His buttocks worked back and forth, in the rhythm of their fucking below.
I was suddenly aware my hand was stroking my erection, flitting over it much more slowly than the determined and quickening pussy pounding they were enjoying on the couch. Yv's musk was thick in the air, and I was reminded uncomfortably it had been more than two weeks since I'd been inside Liv. Determined to be quiet, I started jacking off to the erotic panorama in the living room.
Jack groaned and sped up, his ass clenching with each thrust forward into Yv's wet hole; I knew it wouldn't be long now, and I started rubbing my dick faster and faster through my boxers, feeling the thin fabric slide luxuriously over my erection, and I wondered if I should cum at the same time they did.
Biting her lower lip, Yv started rotating her hips around Jack's cock. "Cum for me," I heard her whisper, just before glancing up and smiling at me, arching her eyebrows in welcome. His eyes were closed, his head back as he groaned, thrusting one last time and unloading in her, unleashing a low and growing moan as he came. I saw his cock vibrate along its length as the thick white fluid shot out into her, then he pulled out, and long streams of the stuff plastered her tummy and tits, the first stream even launching itself as far as her chin.
As my best friend coated her with cum, Yv looked up at the top of the steps again grinning broadly, acknowledging my secret observation of their show, and I realized she had wanted me there the whole time. She kept her eyes focused on me, through her moans and Jack's climax. She mouthed three words.Wait for me....Meanwhile Jack gritted his teeth, kept rubbing the underside of his cock on her glistening labia, the spurts of thick, white semen shortening and slowing.
I pulled my hand away from my straining dick, and Yv nodded, then leaned forward to kiss Jack, her eyes remaining on me the whole time. I nodded back and retreated around the corner. "I'm going to get cleaned up upstairs, Jack." I heard a soft kiss, then Jack siting heavily on the couch; I hoped he was taking her place on the towel, and I expected him to be sound asleep soon.I hope.
Yv rounded the corner and stalked up the stairs, a vision of erotic implacability keeping me pinned in the hallway with her ice-blue eyes, Jack's cum starting to drip down from her tits. Ascending towards me, she massaged the fluid into her skin, and licked a bit of it off her finger as she came up the last stair. She smelled like pussy and cooling semen and some flowery scent, soap, not strong enough for a perfume. Yv stepped into me and murmured in my ear, "Cody. Help me clean up." She grabbed my hand and lead me into Liv's room, closing the door as quietly as I had when I went to bed earlier.
Standing in the middle of the bedroom, Yv wasted no time. Grabbing my t-shirt, she pulled it over my head and off me, tossing it carelessly on the floor, then swiftly, refusing to be thwarted, pulled my sweatpants and boxers down to my ankles. She cooed appreciatively at my cock, nearly throbbing in her palms, and said softly, "Thank you for waiting for me."
Yv dropped to her knees and took the whole length of my hard-on into her mouth. I was anxious not to make any noise, didn't want Jack or especially Carla to hear a thing. Despite Jack's orgasm, Yv was very enthusiastically sucking my cock, ready to continue. The wordnymphomaniaccrossed my mind briefly, banished in an instant by her soft lips and softer tongue working my shaft. Instead of moaning, I gasped quietly and grabbed and held one of her hands, staying almost silent. Yv smiled up at me, not missing a stroke. I was so close, shocked I'd lasted this long.
The first pangs of guilt and regret started to seep into my conscience. "No..." I pulled my hips back, but Yv grabbed my ass in both hands and held me in place, still sucking my rod. She moved her head back slightly, leaving only the swollen purple head on her lips, taking me in half an inch before pulling back, her tongue describing a figure eight over the very tip, and she did this several times, tormenting me very satisfyingly.
Yv stopped and stood, and the scent of Jack's cum on her was still strong. It looked like icing, and I thought of her tits as two fresh cupcakes, the nipples delicate cherries or blossoms. I felt the cooling stickiness on my chest as she pressed against me, nearly cementing our bare skin together.
"Doesn't that feel good, Cody, Jack's cum all over both of us? You could have come down and I'd have sucked your cock while he fucked me. You should have. He gets off on that, but I do more."
"I shouldn't..." I had very little resistance remaining to this erotic firebrand.
Her laugh was wicked, nasty, sultry and maybe a little bit mocking, nonetheless potent with desire. "You're probably right. It's our first date, and you shouldn't be coming in my mouth. That was forward of me." She grabbed my hands and started backing up, leading me now to Liv's bed. I stepped out of the rest of my clothes on the floor. "I should make you lick my cunt but I don't know if you'd be okay with Jack's cum on your tongue." Whispering in my ear again, "Maybe you'd like it, baby. We'll savethatfor next time, too..."
She moved me inexorably to the bed, and sat on it. Flecks of cum spattered her bush, and they were accompanied by a rivulet of thick fluid leaking from her pussy onto the bed. She seized my arms and hauled me down on top of her, lying back to take me, and hissing in my ear. "Put it in me. Stick your cock in me and fuck me harder than you've ever fucked before." Her nails were in my back, and I could almost feel them piercing my skin. "Fuck me, Cody.Now."
There was no question of waiting, or even of stopping, swept up in an erotic maelstrom, Yv at the very eye of it. I slid my cock inside her easily, and some of Jack's semen seeped out of her as I entered, coating my dick, driving me wild with desire. Yv sighed, then gave me another wicked grin. "That's right, Cody. I want you to give me another pussy pounding. Just like Jack just did. I wantmore."
All I could think of now was fucking her, and I did. She was the slenderest woman I'd ever been in, and I imagined I could see her belly swell with each of my thrusts. Yv's legs snaked around my back, and she locked her ankles there, using the leverage to haul me deep inside her with each thrust. "Go faster," she breathed next to my ear. "Make mefeelyou fucking me." She lifted her bottom further, until I was almost plunging straight down into her. The sight of my shaft pistoning in her pussy had me hornier then than I had been in weeks, like the first time Liv and I had made love. Like that time, my humping was automatic, frenzied. I gasped, straining to keep silent, trying not to let the headboard betray our illicit fuck-frenzy.
She was imperious, commanding, relentless. "That's it, baby. That's it... Don't you fucking dare pull out! I want to feel that cream all over inside me. Jack filled me up, now it's your turn..." The thought of Jack's semen inside her cunt while I was fucking her was wrong and so erotic. I humped her faster now, a staccato slapping of our groins together, and Yv smiled, almost a frenzied rictus, and she knew it wouldn't be long now.
"Oh,fuck, Yv, I'm coming..." it took more effort not to scream her name than it did holding off my load for any longer.
She snarled silently up at me, daring me to disobey her next command. "That's it. Say my name, tell me who you're fucking, whose pussy is going to take all your cum and overflow it onto your mattress." She looked almost feral. "And keep your voice down. Jack hasn't saidyesyet. You're fucking me without him knowing, helping mecheaton your best friend. His little sister's down the hall." She was panting now, rocking her hips, driving my dick inside her as much as I was. "I've seen how she looks at you. I bet she'd love to watch us fuck, lick my tits while she watches youfuckme, Cody. Would you like that, baby?"
"What...about...you...watching...me...fucking...her?"
She leered at me with no pause in the carnal rhythm of our humping, then smiled appreciatively. "Youarea nasty boy! I like that in a man. I also like your nice harddickinside my pussy." She glanced down the length of her body at my cock still taking her. Biting her lip again, she murmured, "You ready to fill me up like Jack did?"
It felt incredible. All thoughts of Liv and Carla and Sheila and the rest were banished from my mind's eye, or maybe just watching me from a long distance. My testicles felt ready to explode and force gush after gush into the pink-haired twat I was pounding. "I'm...ready...Yv..."
"Then cum, Cody.Now. Cum..."
That was all it took. "Oh, fuck, Yv..." She grinned when I said her name, before throwing her head back and tightening the grip of her legs around me. I didn't moan or scream like I did with Liv, and all the tension that would have been relieved, like a locomotive letting off steam, seemed to channel itself through my dick. She was right; each spurt of my cum overflowed her already-filled pussy, each thrust accompanied by a sticky, gluey sound. I finally pulled out and rolled to the side, my chest heaving, and Yv sneered at me, hunger for me in her face. "You're not done, fuckboy."
She took a handful of the cum leaking from her cunt into her palm and licked it into her mouth, cleaning her hand, and then pulled my face into hers, mouth open, our tongues swimming in my semen. At the same time she fingered her clit, rubbing Jack's and my cum onto it and inside her. While we kissed, a great shuddering climax enveloped her body, and it was over. We lay there just recovering, softly panting,.
She trembled bodily, letting the last of the orgasm claim run its course, then leered at me, still needful. Her voice was husky, not quite menacing. "You liked that, didn't you Cody? I don't look like it when I'm dressed, but I'm a nasty, naughty girl, and I'm so glad you let me be your cumslut." She kissed me again, the last of my cum still on her lips, and I kissed back almost as feverishly, gripping her ass and pulling her into me, thick globs of jizz against my crotch and hers.
She pushed me away, not ungently, a ravenous look plastered on her face, and I realized she might never be fully satisfied. Yv levered herself off the bed, crooking a slender finger, topped with a cobalt blue nail, then gazed down her body, covered in thick streams and splashes of cum. "Look at the mess we made; you need to clean it up. Be my fuckboy for a little longer..." She strode into the bathroom without a glance back at me, and despite myself I followed. Wetting a washcloth, I started to clean cum, mine and Jack's, off of Yv.
She brought her mouth to my ear and ran her tongue's tip over my earlobe, sending shivers down my spine. We were both still panting in the throes of our passionate hurricane. "Cody, use yourtongue. My nipples are way too sensitive for that rough cloth right now." I dropped the washcloth on the tile floor with a softsplat, and took her in my arms, bending her back and licking and sucking all of the semen off her breasts, then down her belly, as she softly moaned her thanks. Standing again, I took her in my arms and shared the sticky remnants with her, holding her to myself savagely, unremittingly. One of my hands gripped her skinny buttocks firmly, almost clawing them in my overwhelming lust, and my other arm was locked around her midriff, her arms around me, and we kissed for a long time.
Eventually, we slowed to a gasping stop, and she stepped back, but remained in arms' reach. Her hands still on my forearms, Yv looked at me with new approval and what I thought might be respect. "Cody, we should have been doing this all night. Love when a man's as desperate to cum as you are." She kissed me on the cheek. "Next time will be our second date, and you can cum in my mouth. Maybe while Jack fucks me."
All cleaned up, she turned that same pirouette from early Friday morning. "Thank you." Her words seemed genuinely grateful, very much at odds with the predator she had unleashed on me just minutes ago.
Peering outside the room, she slipped out naked, and I heard her soft footfalls as she made her way downstairs, disappearing swiftly. I latched the door, crawled back into bed and fell soundly asleep, not caring I was lying in a shallow, sticky pool of pussy juices and cooling cum.
****************
"Cody?" It was Carla, but I couldn't register much else. "Cody!" Her voice was insistent, and I pried one eye open.
"What time is it?"
She was by the bed, leaning over me. "After nine! Jack and Yvette left an hour ago to visit Mom in the hospital before their noon flight, and we need to go there too! Don't care if they're still there, but we need to go. Soon." She pulled off the covers, and stopped short, sucking in a surprised breath, and the tone of her voice changed from urgent to appreciative. "I'll never get tired of seeing you naked, Cody." She stood there looking at me, my cock starting to wake up in a classic case of Morning Wood.
She reached down and ran her hand over my leg and hip. "I would love to wake up next to you some morning like this..." She pulled her hand back, it seemed to me with some reluctance. "Let's get you into the shower. You look well rested, though!"
I stood up, and she walked with me to the bathroom. Turning the water on, I waited for it to get hot, aware she hadn't left. "Don't you have to get ready, Carla?," I asked without turning.
I felt her arms encircle me from behind. "I'm right where I need to be." Her arms were bare and... Turning around in her embrace, I saw she was naked too, felt her supple olive skin against mine, and the comparison with Liv made my whole body ache with need.
"Carla, I..."
"You need a pair of loving hands scrubbing your back. So do I." She followed me into the shower, and let the water drench her long black hair. Seeing the water run down her naked body, I recalled the first time I'd seen her mother showering by the pool, back when she was just Mrs. Nichols, the Hottest Mom. Carla opened her eyes and grabbed some of Liv's jasmine shampoo, lathering her hair, then stopped.
"Cody, would you...wash my hair for me?"It's only a shower, no harm, right?I knew that was complete bullshit, and still I started massaging her scalp, gently working the shampoo into her hair. I heard her breathe out, and she held me in a tender hug while I took care of her hair, sighing when I started to rinse the soap out of it and down the drain.
Carla let go and looked at me. "I can tell by how you washed my hair how much you love me, Cody. I don't have to have you inside me to know that, but I won't say no to it. Ever." On the tips of her toes, she kissed me and rinsed off. "Your turn!" She grabbed the soap and a washcloth, lathering it and then running the sudsy cloth up and down my back and front, then doing my legs and arms. It was very intimate, and I felt myself wishing Liv were doing this...too. Carla paused at my crotch, where my cock was completely rigid, and smiled again.
I knew immediately what she intended. "Carla, I don't need you to..."
Her voice was softly insistent, affectionately sexy. "Yes, you do. I'm going to make you cum, here in the shower. Then we'll eat breakfast, and we will see what happens after visiting my Mom in the hospital." With that, she rinsed the washcloth and lathered it up again, laying it on the underside of my cock and gently moving it up and down its length.
Carla reached down and played gingerly with my balls, watching in fascination as my cock, stiff as it had been last night, quivered under her fingertips, through the cloth. "Fuck, Cody, we should have done this last night. I love getting you off this way." She leaned her head against my chest again, and my arms went around her,just to steady myself, I lied.
The hot slippery suds and her loving touch were all I needed. A quiet moan escaped from my lips and she started jacking me off faster. "Fuck, Cody, I need to see you cum again. Cum for me, cum all over me, sweetheart. Don't hold back, show me that yummy cum..."
It wasn't long, and my hoarse yell, accompanied by the inevitable pulsing and shaking, heralded the latest load of my jism squirting out all over her hands. Carla squealed in delight, like a girl with a new toy, which wasn't too far off the mark. She wiped her hands on her tits, spreading the creamy gift all over her, just like Liv had done our first afternoon. Then she rinsed the sticky mess off both of us and kissed me long and hard. There was no question of resisting that kiss, her beautiful naked body against mine, and we stood there for a long time, kissing and moaning under the hot water.
When we finally got out of the shower, Carla's jet black hair dangled to the small of her back, shiny and clean. It was shorter than Liv's, coming only to the middle of her back, but there were almost no other real differences. The comparison was irresistible. She didn't have the sunrise tattoo Liv sported on her left buttock, and she was younger. Her limbs were well-toned, supple, skin a dark shade of olive, and her nipples were just as dark and inviting as Liv's the first time I'd seen her mother naked.
This time, I pulled the towel off Carla, took her in my arms and kissed her again, before she could give me any more obvious sign of her lust for me. We dripped dry making out on the bathmat, then on a sudden impulse, I lifted her in my arms and carried her into our bedroom, Liv's and my room, and laid her on the cum-free side of the bed. She didn't squeal, just relaxed into my arms as I carried her, as if she'd been ready for me to do exactly that.
I lay next to her, squeezed up against the edge of the mattress, and let my hands roam all over her glorious, naked body, taking my time to explore this landscape, so familiar and so new. She felt just like Liv under my fingertips and I took my time exploring her fully. Carla looked surprised at first; all the teasing, all the aggressive moves before this had been hers, and now I was taking over. Frankly, it surprised me, too.
Carla's olive skin and pale tanlines at her crotch and tits exactly mirrored Liv's, except they had seen less sun. Unlike Liv, she didn't sunbathe in the nude, but my breath caught in my throat when I imagined her doing just that. Her skin was silky, soft, warm, so easy to touch and to caress, just like Liv's. The dark, curly bush at her crotch was thick and welcoming, and I penetrated her with first one finger, then sent a second in to join it. She lay there for a little while, taking air in little sips, apparently reveling in my attentions, then closing her eyes to concentrate, I suspected, on the slow finger-fucking I was giving her.
"Oh...baby...that feels so good..." Her hips moved in time to my fingers, the hole slick and warm with her juices. When they went all the way in, she cried out and hugged me to her, humping my hand in slow, measured movements of her hips, waiting for her orgasm to claim her. At the same time, I played my tongue over her nipples, sucking and blowing on them in turn, and marveled at how they curdled and became erect under my kisses, so like her mother's. Carla's hand started to stroke the back of my head, running her fingers through my hair while I lavished my attention on her full, shapely breasts.
Her orgasm was little more than a moan, a subtle arching of her back. "God, Cody..." She was still quiet, and gingerly reached for my cock, stroking it to life. As it thickened in her fingers for the second time that morning, she watched it harden, readying for her. She was breathless, panting, so like Liv. "You have to put that in me, fuck me for real this time." There was every reason not to, but she was right. Neither of us was going to be satisfied until it happened for the first time, and probably again later. And again.
Carla spread her legs, parting her knees and bracing her bare feet on the sheets. Her pussy was so wet and ready I couldn't stand to wait any longer. Eyes closed once again, she whispered, "Cody, you know I'm on the Pill, right?"
"That's good, but...I don't care. I want younow, Carla..." My body rolled over on top of her of its own accord, and my erection eased into her without any delay. The feel was exactly as I expected. Warm, slick, feminine juices bathed my dick deliciously with each thrust, and I put my palms flat on the mattress, extending my arms just below Carla's shoulders, looming over her delicious body, so like Liv's, but hers, and now mine alone for this moment. I started to thrust faster, firmly inside her, our crotches slapping together each time I pushed inside.
She gave a little cry with each of the first several thrusts. "Fuck, Cody... It's just like I dreamed it would be. Fuck me baby. Don't stop until you cum in my pussy." Her admonishment was unnecessary; I wasn't stopping for anything, and I was going to fill her all the way up this time. I sped up slightly but not very much, feeling her climax ready to burst out, wanting to prolong it as long as possible.
Carla looked down her body to watch me, my cock entering her and receding, and her breathing grew more ragged as the lust roared to life from embers to a white-hot flame. "God, Cody, you'refuckingme, you'refuckingme, baby..." I kept my pace steady for several minutes, and she watched every second of it, eyes fixed on my rod plunging into her, rearing back and plunging in again, her sighs starting to fill the room.
Last night with Yv, and my shower with Carla, notwithstanding, I was ready to finish again, fill the pussy of this young woman, the spitting image of her mother in so many ways. I wanted to, Ineededto consummate our lust, and I wouldn't stop for anything. The familiar tingle and quiver from the base of my hard-on told me it wouldn't be long now. I barely kept from gasping. "I'm cumming soon, baby, I'm going to cum inside you, Carla. I want you to...feel it inside you..."
"Oh baby, cum in me, don't fucking stop!" Now she roared it into the room, our private little getaway, her arms up, hands locked around my neck, her knees up and tightening her soft little twat and taking me inside her God it feels so good I'm fucking her so hard and I'm going to fill her up and she's going to fuckingshriekwhen she cums and so am I and she feels so wet and hot just like her mother just like Liv and I can't stop won't stop fucking her and let's just...
Cum.
We screamed in release at the same moment, her pussy squeezing my cock in time to my thrusts, wringing all the cum out at the same time each of my spurts filled her. Our climaxes were loud, wild calls of passion, echoing in the big bedroom, rising and subsiding together. Without a word, she pulled me down on her and kissed me long and hard, our fading moans escaping into each other's open mouths. I lay on top, careful not to put too much weight on her, and let my cock relax inside her, softening in the warmth of her full twat.
"Thank you, Cody... That was...f-fucking great. So worth waiting for you." She let her arms drop to the bed, still gasping in the aftershocks of our first time wholly sharing each other.
I kissed and held her and rolled off of her a couple of minutes later, letting my weary cock drag itself slowly out of her pussy.
She moaned at the withdrawal, then gave me a tired little giggle. "Where did you learnthat? It's so different, so...wonderful."
"German girlfriend. Hilda. She liked it when I did that." Then, "So does Liv."
She moved to her side and flung an arm over my chest. "So, Cody, you're fucking me the exact same way you fuck my mom?" Carla seemed indecently pleased at the thought.
"Not entirely, Carla. Everything we did I learned from a few women, so it's not just your mom."
"Okay. I'm good with that..." She closed her eyes for a moment, not sleepy, just savoring it all. Eyes still closed, she smiled with contrition bubbling just below the surface. "I have a confession, Cody."
The events of the prior evening, the quick, brutal fucking Yvette and I had enjoyed while Jack slept off his orgasm had been submerged in my consciousness, and hearing Carla's admission brought me up short. "Confession?" She nodded and swallowed, looking just like Liv in every mannerism, every movement. "Baby, what did you do?"
She glanced away briefly, then brought her dark brown eyes up to mine. "I heard a noise last night, it was obvious they were fucking, and I got up, went down the hall, in my shirt and panties. I had tosee, Cody. I caught them on the couch, both of them naked. I wanted to be pissed, but..." She bit her lip softly, looking into my eyes as she spoke. "Yv was straddling him, and I could see Jack pumping her cunt from underneath, pushing his hips and cock up into her. She was trying to be quiet, I think, and leaned back. I was on the landing, just...watching. Yv winked at me upside down, then got off him and turned around. I don't think Jack saw, and now she was riding him, facing me, and her eyes were so..."
"Riveting?"
"Yeah, that's a good word for it. She crooked a finger at me, and cocked her head, like she was inviting me to come down the stairs and...fuck her and my brother. I couldn't...just too wrong for me. When I shook my head, she nodded, like she understood why I...couldn't.
"I went back to my room and closed the door. I was so wet and horny, and started rubbing myself through my panties. They were almost soaked, and I thought about grabbing my dildo, jamming it up into my snatch again. I also thought about...coming in here and climbing in bed naked, fucking you awake... After a couple of minutes of thinking about it, Jack came so loud and I wanted to be there watching him fuck Yv, watching the two of them fuck and cum. God, I'm such a horny littlewimp.
"A little after, there was a soft tap on my door. I thought it was you and just opened it up, ready to throw you on the bed or the floor and fuck you all night, but it was Yv, naked. She walked in and closed the door, then she put her arms around me kissed me, really kissed me like she washungryfor me. I couldn't stop her, didn't want to at all. Never kissed a girl like that, any girl. I was so horny, grabbed her ass and pulled her into me, and I wanted...if I'd had a dick I would have fucked her all night, anywhere she wanted. She totally overwhelmed me, made me want her..." She blushed and averted her eyes for a moment, then returned her gaze to me.
"After we kissed, she looked at me, said something like, 'Poor Carla. All that sex going on, and you don't want to join in.' I told her I did, and I meant it, but not with my brother. She told me to take my shirt off, then she slid my wet little panties down my legs and off me. It was so wrong, she's agirlwas all I could think, and her hands and lips on me made me evenwetter.
"She smelled fresh, like she'd just bathed, and the only other thing I could smell was my twat, and I was ready to do anything. If it had been you..."
"So, what happened?"
"We stood there naked, making out, then I said pretty much, 'Now what?' And she said 'We lie down on your bed.' We did, but it's not a big bed. She snuggled up against me, and there was enough room for us, for what we did next.
"Yv kissed me again, for a long time. She really knows how to kiss, just like you do. Her tongue was so comfortable on mine, there was no way I could just stop her, even slow her down. We made out for a while, then she stopped to ask me what I wanted. I told her I didn't know, but she gave me that smile, like a wolf, and told me I was lying, that I knewexactlywhat I wanted, and so did she. Yv told me you and Jack were both asleep, and this was going to be just us, just for me. Jack had just come for the third time, and would sleep for a couple of hours, long enough for...us.
"She knelt at the end of my bed, and spread my legs with her palms on my knees. She told me again she knew what I really wanted, and bent forward to lick my pussy. She was so good at it, so very thorough. I couldn't be loud, wake you or Jack, so I just held it in, then put a pillow over my face when I had to moan...
"I swear she did it for an hour, slowly, so patiently, and I came so...hard a couple of times. When she finished, she climbed off the bed and kissed me, then pulled my blanket over me. I was so worn out, Cody. She said I'd sleep better now, and she was going to wash up again, then get Jack in bed for a few hours of sleep."
She was still panting from the memory. I trailed the back of my hand over her pussy, and it came away wet. "She must have done that before. A lot. She was sogoodat it, Cody. I woke up and dressed just in time for them to wave goodbye. Jack looked tired, but Yv was wide awake, energized. She smiled up at me, and said to say goodbye to you when you woke up." Her eyes bored into mine, searching my face for a clue. "So, I assumeyouhave a confession too?"
There was no point denying it. So I told Carla about seeing the two of them coupling on the couch, and how Yv had come up the stairs after, practically compelling me to fuck her, then wash her up. I also let her know about cleaning up cum from her tits and tummy, mine and Jack's, and she listened raptly, barely breathing as she imagined the episode.
"She must have fucked you first, Cody, then come tomefor dessert. That clean smell was in Mom's bathroom."
I nodded. "So, she fucked Jack, came upstairs to have her way with me, went back downstairs, fucked Jack a couple more times, then came up to 'comfort' you. With pussy licking."
"I can't imagine Jack doesn't know how wild Yv is, what aslutshe is." Then, incongruously, "I'm so glad she visited." She moved in and kissed me again, gently, letting our tongues slow-dance instead of the mad Charleston they had done earlier. "Were you tempted? To join them?"
I paused, then admitted, "Yes."
She giggled. "Imagine if I'd come onto the steps then, watching you fuck Yv while she sucked Jack's cock." She gazed into my eyes. "Or you getting the blowjob. Or giving it..." She favored me with a salacious wink, clearly thinking about it.
"Not my speed, Carla, really."
She gave me a quizzical look, telling me she thought it was bullshit. "Well, youdidfuck her with his cum in her pussy and all over her body. And licked a lot of it off her after." She was relentless, and getting more aroused by the minute. "You have to go down on me sometime, Cody. I've got some idea what all the fuss is about you now, but you still have things to show me."
We paused, and the reality of what we had just done started to sink in.I just fucked Carla! My girl's daughter...It was an odd mix of exultation and regret, knowing we had just consummated our lust, and that I had committed a horrible, unforgiveable betrayal of my lovely Liv.
Carla saw the mood change in my face, and a wave of sadness crashed over her, too. "Cody, we actually..."
"We did, Carla."
"It's all my fault, if I hadn't been in the shower with you, hadn't kept pushing..."
I kept my words quiet, calm, for me as much as for her. "Carla, it'snotyour fault. We both did this, and either one of us could have said 'stop' at any point."
"When did you want to stop it?"
I kissed her again, tenderly, to comfort us both. "Honestly, never. I think it was always going to happen. We'd have wound up in bed someday, no matter how much we avoided it."
Carla's kiss was a little less chaste, but no less welcome. "I know. And you knowwhyas well as I do."
She let me say it. "Because we're in love with each other."
****************
We dressed and got out of the house without any more carnal episodes, and we showered again, this time separately, to wash the smell of sex off us. Carla showered down the hall, explaining that the soap in her bathroom smelled different from Liv's; she was clever enough not to leave that clue. Finally getting out of the house just after eleven, my briefcase in the back, we had to grab some drive-thru cuisine on the way in.
Arriving at the hospital just after noon, we had definitely missed Jack and Yv, by at least two hours. Liv was happy to see us, and looked at us very shrewdly. Carla and I were careful not to betray ourselves, or so I hoped. After about fifteen minutes, she said, "Cody, we need to review some paperwork. Tanya said she thinks there is a new deal in the works." She sent Carla out of the room to grab herself some coffee or a bag of chips, with strict instructions to stay away for at least half an hour.
When she was gone, the door closed, Liv smiled and raised her gown to her shoulders. The red line between her perfect tits was less angry-looking, and after a moment she pulled the thin garment off as far as she could, letting it drape over the one or two remaining lines in her left arm. She was serene as she looked me up and down. "Run your hands all over me, baby. I've been missing your touch, andIhaven't been laid in over two weeks now."
"Liv, we can't yet..."
"I'm not up to fucking, babe. Just touch me."
I kept my clothes on, which suited her just fine, and caressed every square inch of skin that didn't have a needle or IV line in it. Actually, there was very little intruding there now, but a number of small band-aids were on her arms where they had been removed, their duties fulfilled.
We kissed very gently, and my hands ran over her breasts and buttocks, quickly passing over her bush, lingering a moment on but not in her pussy. When I kissed her breasts and sucked on her dark, beautiful nipples, she gave me a soft, satisfied sigh, both nipples stiffening eagerly. That sent my thoughts reeling back to the morning, doing the same with Carla, and I felt my face start burning with shame and embarrassment, but Liv didn't look like she was interpreting it that way.
She reached down between my legs and stroked the thickening rod there. "Cody, I would love you inside me right now. I know we can't, but it doesn't keep me from wanting your big cock pounding me for all you're worth." She started to rub my erection, and cooed encouragement when I moaned too quietly for the nurses to hear, I hoped.
"I wish I could just blow you right now, or jack you off, but I think the monitor would show them something's going on." Her heart rate had elevated, and we stopped before it went any further. She let the gown fall back down over her head, down along her body, and I kissed her moments before one of the nurses came in and separated us, scolding us mildly and compassionately for getting her heart worked up. If she was surprised by the difference in our age, she said nothing.
We proceeded to the paperwork, the parade of figures and analyses making my cock subside as effectively as a dip in an ice bath, though more slowly. The doorstop placed by the nurse kept us honest and our hands off each other, though we still kissed every so often.
Again, Liv agreed with my investment recommendations and signed off on several documents for me to take back to the office Monday. It took the better part of an hour, and her cheeks were still a little flushed after the abrupt termination of our foreplay. When I stuffed the papers back in my briefcase, she saw Carla standing at the door, and motioned her in.
"Cody, can you grab a sandwich for yourself downstairs? I want some time with my baby girl." Apprehensively, I rose from the stool I had been on, kissed her on the cheek, and left for the cafeteria.
Half an hour later, I had choked down a turkey and Swiss cheese sandwich with otherworldly dryness and blandness, chased by a coke, then made my way upstairs slowly, stretching the time Liv and Carla would have to talk. I tried to make it look like I had no worries about what they were talking about or any confessions Carla made, but my hands shook when I got out of the elevator. My lunch menaced me with the thought of reappearing suddenly, and I sat for a moment in the waiting area, breathing the cool air from their air conditioning as deeply as I could, banishing the nausea. After a while,               I felt a presence beside me, and looked up to see Carla sitting at my side. She smiled and kissed me on the cheek, and I made my way into Liv's room, and potential doom.
Liv reached for my hand as soon as I sat back down on the stool. "I miss you, my sexy man. I can't wait to be home with you, even if I have to take it easy until after Labor Day. You know, it will be almost your one-year anniversary when I get back to the office. We should celebrate, maybe a weekend away somewhere fun, exotic."
I kissed her gently on the cheek, then on her lips. "I can hardly wait, Liv."
She stroked my cheek, and kissed me back. "You don't have to, baby. I love you so much, Cody, and...I think I know why it happened."
I could only stare blankly as my mind raced, and she kissed me again. "You two were so careful, but it was so obvious. I told her I could tell, and Carla admitted it to me, and I'm pretty sure you feel as terrible as she does, but I don't want you to, either of you."
"Liv..."
She laid her finger on my lips. "Cody, I know what I saw in the mirror after you and I first made love in my house in Concord. She had that same dreamy look, the same twinkle in her eyes, and I saw how her eyes followed you when you left the room.
"I'm still so in love with you, and I can't be there for you, not the way you need me, at least for the time being. So I told her...you both have my permission."
"Permission...?"
Her eyebrow arched sardonically, and she clearly knew I was playing dumb, then she chuckled. "You are officially on loan to my daughter, until I'm able to take over again. The two of you have the next three or four months to get it all out of your systems. And as soon as I'm well, I'm whisking you off to somewhere I can wear a bikini, and take it off just for you...."
She turned business-like, as if negotiating a contract. "Couple of rules, though. First, no getting frisky around me. If I can't have you, I don't want to see or hear you two enjoying yourselves; your apartment will be a good place to be loud. Second, I'll still want your help at work and at home, and you might need to give me some sponge baths. On demand."
Her grin made it clear that would be a vital part of my home duties. "Third, never forget how much I love you, my gorgeous man."
Liv kissed me again, her mouth opening with mine, and we sat like that for several minutes, our tongues darting slowly in and out of each other's mouths. When we finally broke away, she smiled once more. "I expect you to be ready for me as soon as I'm ready for you, my love."
****************
Saturday evening, as if it were the most normal thing in the world, Carla joined me in Liv's bed naked. We just held each other for a long, long time, enjoying the closeness and warmth of each other's bodies pressed together. Before dinner, we had changed the sheets, both of us blushing and barely able to speak about Liv's gift to us both. After long minutes of just clinging to me, she said, "Cody, this is so fucked up..."
"How so?"
"I'm in love with you. You're cheating on my mom with me, and she's happy about it."
My lips made their way to hers, gently brushing against them. "Carla, she loves us both, and I think this helps her feel less guilty. I don't think she's actuallyhappyabout it, but she accepts it, and you have to admit it's better than fooling around behind her back."
She responded with sudden heat, and I thought she might start crying. "Fuckguilty. The heart attack wasn't her fault, it just fucking happened... Besides, it really isn't different from the two of us doing it secretly. The worst part of it is, whether she knew or not, I would be right here, right now, naked with you. The worst part, and the best part, is that I love you, and you love me. Whether we're sneaking around or fucking with her knowledge of it doesn't change that at all."
I kissed her again. "I know, baby, I know. It's not guilt in the normal way, like she did anything on purpose to hurt either of us. I would guess it's more about not being able to be here, take care of either of us. She's incredible, and you and I both love her for it. And," stroking the side of her face, "wearein love, you and I. I think it started since you admitted that little crush on me..."
"And after I slapped you! I wanted to kiss you instead...and more."
"You did kiss me when I was leaving. And we're doing a lot more now."
"I know, Cody." She kissed me back, just enjoying being in my arms. "Hey, quick question. What did my t-shirt say this morning? Before our shower?"
All I remembered was that it was green. "I've no idea."
She giggled, so much like Liv. "Guess you thinkI'mfuckable now!"
I confirmed that with a long, slow kiss, our bodies pressed against one another, her soft skin on mine, and before long our hands roamed all over each other. My cock pressed against the thick black bush so like Liv's, and the dampness at her slit, her scent in the air, had me ready for her again.
Instead of plunging my cock inside her, which I knew would satisfy both of us all night, I stopped and looked deep into her eyes. "You know I love you, Carla."
"As much as I love you, Cody." It was easier to say each time, our mutual guilt notwithstanding.
"Good. There's something you've wanted for a while from me." I rolled over, arms around her and came to rest with her on top of me.
Spreading her legs, straddling my hips, she reached down for my cock, ready to slip me inside her, but I stopped her with a word. Her eyebrows knitted in sexy confusion. "I thought you wanted to try a different position with me..."
"I do. Sit on my face. I'm going to eat your pussy for a while. Y'know, if you still want me to." I tried to sound as nonchalant as possible, but she knew I hungered for it as much as she did.
With a happy little cry, she slid up my body even as I moved a few inches down the bed for her. Carla settled her thighs on either side of my face, and her pubic thatch was poised over my mouth for the first time. I supported her buttocks on either side with my hands, and lowered her slightly, down to my lips and tongue.
Eager as I was, I didn't want to rush this. The vision of her dark belly and legs, separated by the paleness at her hips and wrapping around her luscious ass, punctuated by the thick jungle at the slit in the center, gave me a pang as I recognized again how much Carla resembled her mother. She was moist and fragrant, and I was surprised and gratified that her juices smelled, then tasted, a little different than Liv's. If I had to describe it, I would say sweeter, more ripe and full.
The first touch of my tongue on her slit was answered with a slow groan from her lips. She didn't say anything, but I felt a lurch as she gripped the headboard, then Carla started to rock, ever so slowly, letting me kiss all along her labia, up to her clit, which quivered as soon as the tip of my tongue began to play over it, lazily and deftly, a feather's touch on that gorgeous pink nub.
"F-f-f-fuuuuck, Cody." She was quiet, appreciative. "Just do that all night for me..."
Carla's wish was my most fervent command. Working first on her clit, my heart swelled as she made a series of soft littleohsat each touch, whispered softly into the room. Her body pitched forward, giving me both better access and a better view of her crotch. I felt her legs spread fractionally, and her labia spread for me, uncovering the clitoris further, unshrouding it for me.
For several minutes, I focused only on the top of her pussy, running my tongue's tip all around and over the sensitive flesh, coaxing more soft moans from her throat, and some quivering of her belly and arms. A single loud, wordless groan made its way out of her mouth into the bedroom, then, "Oh, fuck, Cody, make me cum. Make mecum... I want you totasteme when I cum, feel my juices in your mouth and down your throat.Nnnfff...Fuckme with yourtongue, baby..." Her voice was still quiet, but near to breaking.
There is something about making love to a beautiful woman who curses like a sailor's whore that gets most men hot, and I was no exception. Moving my hands from her soft buttocks, I curled my arms around under her, my hands coming to rest on the insides of her thighs, and started to lick faster. Not her clit, but her whole pussy, and I let my tongue slip inside her, thrusting it repeatedly inside the soft, warm and wet hole.
I repeated the motion, letting my tongue fuck her pussy, darting in and out of the moist space there, reveling in my newest exploration of the beauty in my bed. My upper lip was against her clit, and I moved it while I was thrusting. My cock was practically vibrating with pent-up erotic tension, ready to ejaculate without any more attention than it was getting now. Neither my hands nor hers were anywhere near it, and I felt the initial pulses all along the length of it, quivering and ready to shoot cum onto myself. I gritted my teeth for a moment, stemming the flood of my juices for her.
"Uuunhhh!God, Cody, fuck me! Lick my cunt, lick it baby, lick it! I love you so much, Cody, just make me cum,makeme cum on your face...!" Carla was louder now, hips rocking, bucking on my tongue and lips, and she leaned back, thrusting her hips forward so I would have full access to every bit of her pussy. Moisture, thick and sweet, bathed my tongue as her scream rose from her throat, echoing in the room. "God, baby, I'm cumming!"
Her juices were sweet and thin, like hot honey. It was the first time she'd experienced my tongue, the first time I'd tasted her pussy, and her labia twitched, then tightened, and a wordless moan escaped her mouth, growing in volume even as her juices flowed onto my face and tongue. I moaned, too, barely keeping hot semen from jetting out onto my stomach while she came.
Still gasping and moaning, Carla reached behind her, easily encountering my hard-on, feeling it rigid and ready in her hand. The last tremors of her climax still coursing through the length of her body, she slipped off of me and turned, lying beside me, and took my cock into her mouth. She kept up the string of moans around the thick rod in her throat, and didn't have long to wait. It was time for my back to arch, and spurt after spurt of semen shot through into Carla's mouth. She didn't stop sucking, trying I thought to get every single drop out of me, and the muscles tensing in her throat felt incredible, just the thing I loved from Liv.
As the last of my jizz dribbled forth, Carla got out of bed and scampered to the bathroom, where I heard water running briefly. Moments later, her face still damp, she climbed back into bed. "I love you." Her kiss was completely fresh and clean, no cum in it, and the scent of mouthwash on her lips.
"So, you don't like to swallow?" I felt a little hurt, but I know most women don't generally like to swallow. Even so, I had expected Carla to...be more like my Liv.
She hugged me. "No, I swallowed it all. Just wanted to freshen my mouth in case you wanted to kiss me again, without your cum in my mouth." She planted an open-mouthed kiss on me, and I responded quickly, before stopping.
"I didn't rinse, Carla. I still taste like you..."
Now she giggled, the comparison with her mother complete. "I don't care aboutthat. You were exactly how I imagined. Well, I didn't expect you to have me sit on your face, but Jesus I was right about how you eat pussy." She curled up against me. "Most guys sort of give it short shrift, licking me just long enough to get me barely warmed up, and asking for a blowjob right after."
"I've never skimped on the licking... Learned that from Liv..."
"You didn't skimp at all. Only one other guy spent more than five minutes licking me, and he was more eager than talented. I came, but it wasn't earth-shattering."
"And this was..."
"Earth-shattering, Cody. Fucking earth-shattering..."
I was glad for that, and told her so. Then, "What about Yv?"
Carla looked stricken, eyes filled with remorse. "Oh...my God, Cody, I'm so sorry... You're the bestmanwho ever licked my pussy. Yv was just incredible..." Her voice trailed off as she gazed at the ceiling, and I felt a little disappointed, which must have shown, because she giggled again. "So sorry, my love! I just had to see the look on your face when I said that. She was...a surprise, and very gentle with me. Let's just say she'salmostas good as you are, but it's always better with someone you love..."
I couldn't disagree with that.