It had been a week since I promoted the former part-time college employee to my full-time assistant. She moved into the adjoining office next to mine. I had helped her move her computer and monitors from her cubicle, soaking in the ability to watch her round ass swaying in front of me.
She had stopped wearing her comfortable jeans and flowy shirts of the college lifestyle and clad herself in a tight skirt and shirt, standing tall in stilettos. Thinking about it made my cock twitch and I almost exploded when she bent under her desk to plug in her phone charger.
"Uh, so that door goes straight into my office. If you need anything, don't hesitate to ask. I am here to help you help me and you are here to help me help you. Got it?" I asked, about to run out of the room.
"Oh yes!" She stood up straight and turned to me. "I can't thank you enough Mr. Harrison. You've given me an opportunity like no other!" She raised her hands at her sit and I almost came right there as the buttons strained against her delicious breasts.
"Right. Again, Emily. Just let me know if you need anything. I have to get some work done so I'll leave you to it." I turned quickly and walked through the door, almost slamming it shut to pull my throbbing cock out of my fly.
I stumbled to my desk to open porn, just to make it quicker. I quickly pulled up an office fuck video and didn't even hear when the door clicked open.
"Mr. Harrison, I was wondering what you wanted me to do with-"
Play it coolI told myself.
"Oh, Emily. I'm so sorry for you to find me like this. I just needed a little relief. And I do think it is time for you to start calling me Rick." I looked over to wear she stood, mid-step, just past the doorway, eyeing my twitching cock.
"Right, Mr.-er- Rick. I'll just come back later," she said turning to go. But the fantasy was just so near.
"Wait, I can handle it right now. Just bring it over, it'll be quick." I sat up straighter in my chair.
"Um..." She turned back to me. "Ok." She slowly made her way to me, cautiously eyeing me.
"So, what can I do for you?" I took the papers from her that she was questioning me about.
"Well, uh. I just don't understand exactly what I need to do with it. I understand that I need to create the maps but after that, I've never handled that before now."
"Oh, perfect. This is exactly what I've been talking about. This is all a learning process for both of us." I glanced up at her to find that she wasn't looking at me or my little friend, but she was steady watching the porn that was playing on my monitor. "Emily?" I questioned. She turned quickly to look at me.
"I'm sorry, I was just distracted."
"Clearly." I looked at the scene that was playing out on the screen. It was the suited boss thrusting deep into the little assistant that was laying across his desk. My cock twitched at the sight. When I looked back at Emily, she was staring at my hard cock. "Do you like what you see?"
Emily shook her head and looked back up at my face. "I'm sorry. I'll come back later."
"Emily." I grabbed her wrist to stop her from leaving. "I believe it's time we get comfortable with each other. There's nothing to be ashamed of. Just let me tell you what you need to do and then you will be on your way."
She turned again to me slowly. "Ok."
I explained to her how to convert the document to a PDF and then email it to the client for approval.
"You don't want to approve it before I send it off?" She asked.
"I trust your opinion on the maps. I know you'll do perfect. Now, did I answer all your questions?"
"Yes, I believe so." She stood away from me.
"Great! Is there anything else I can do for you?" I asked, my cock twitching as I stared up at her.
"Nope. I'll leave you to it." With that, she nearly ran out of my office and closed the door behind her.
I sat back and thought about this little encounter.
I should have asked if she wanted to touch it,I thought.But then she might have really thought I was perverted. After all, she was the one who walked in on me and stayed. But I did tell her to stay.
It's too late anyway, so I decided to just finish myself off and get back to work. As I was about to get back to it, I heard a strange sound. I paused the video to listen more closely.
There! That sound again. I had to think a moment about what exactly it sounded like. Then it hit me.No way.
I quickly minimized the tabs and opened the software we use to view the cameras in the office. I was the branch manager, so I had the ability to see any camera in the office. And it just so happened there were cameras in the private offices too.
I quickly located the camera that was in Emily's office and opened the viewing portal. The sight before me was beautiful. She had braced her feet against the edge of her desk and pulled her skirt all the was up to her waist. She either had not been wearing any, or her underwear had been thrown off somewhere. She was fingering herself, barely moaning, just loud enough for me to hear her through the door.
I quickly hit the record button. I know it's wrong, but I couldn't resist it. I needed this for myself. I started stroking my cock in the same tempo as she fingered herself. I could see it in her face and hear it in her moans that she was getting close and I could feel that I was as well.
Just as I saw her body begin to shudder, I shot a load onto my desk, onto papers, my monitors. Everywhere. I had to close my eyes because the ecstasy was nearly too much. When I had finished, I sat back in my seat to see the goddess in the room next door. She was recovering from her orgasm as well. She let her feet drop from her desk and pulled her skirt back down. I watched for a few moments as she got back to work and I noticed she never put her underwear back on.