I walked along the semi-crowded street wearing my absurdly short dress, pressing the phone to my ear, purse over my shoulder.
"Keep walking, I'll tell you when to stop". I knew she always had her eye on me.
I had learned to walk in heels fairly well over the previous two weeks or so. It was a struggle, but I had managed to get used to the feeling. The worst part was that I couldn't easily run away if someone caught me. The thought turned me on almost as much as it scared me, but I was still too focused on the logistics of the task to be truly aroused.
"I think everywhere is too crowded, Goddess" I said, doing my best to utter the final word out of earshot of a businesswoman walking past me. I wondered if she could tell I was a man under my hair, makeup, and outfit. I made my voice as feminine as possible, a habit I was encouraged to practice every time I dressed up like a girl.
"I'll decide what is too crowded, and you'll obey, slut" she told me. She had complete control over me and she knew it. Although I had never told her, I loved being called slut. Just the sound of the word being used to describe me made me conscious of my hungry anus, wanting to swallow something long, thick, and shaped like cock.
"Look left, do you see the park?" she asked. I saw there was a park with no one in it.
"Yes, Goddess" I said. I was extremely nervous. Although there was nobody in the park itself, nothing cut it off from view from the street and nearby buildings, unless you counted the short wire fence and some shrubs. I walked toward it as nonchalantly as I could in the 4-inch black heels. I swayed my ass like Goddess had taught me. My soft round cheeks were just barely peeking out from under my tiny dress. I entered the park and looked around.
"Sit on the park bench, slut. And take out your toy." I sat down as she instructed. I was almost shaking out of fear. My cock started to grow under my dress, but fortunately it was tucked away in my tight pink thong panties. Removing the toy was the scariest part yet. I looked around one more time and reached for it: my 10-inch long, thick, vibrating suction dildo. I quickly pulled it out and hid it between my torso and my purse.
"I've got it Goddess."
"Good, slut. I'll let you take a minute to breathe, but no more than that. Then, you know what to do. I'll be watching." I knew to obey her. I took a deep breath, and looked around again. Anyone from a distance would be sure I was a girl, I figured. But that wouldn't make this any less obscene. I gathered my courage, and stuck the large cock firmly on the bench, letting the suction do its thing. I stood back up in my heels on the uneven ground, and turned to kneel in front of the dildo. Goddess was still on speaker.
"Good slut. I want you to worship that cock with your tongue. Get it all wet." I did as instructed. I went slowly at first, then ran my tongue up and down furiously. "C'mon, bitch. I want to hear moaning. If you don't moan like the cock-hungry slut you are, I won't consider this job complete." I moaned as loudly as I dared, making sure Goddess would hear me. I took the tip of the dildo in my mouth, slobbering all over it. This was all the lubrication I was going to get, after all.
After two long minutes, Goddess decided I did well enough.
"Very good slut. Now that it's nice and wet, I want you to ride that cock, right where you are. Show the world how slutty you are. I want you to take that cock in your ass like your life depends on it."
My cock was completely hard now, and leaking precum inside my panties. I faced away from the bench, and squatted my round ass down above the dildo, which was now fully free from the dress.
"Panties down, bitch." I pulled them to just above my knees. "All the way down, slut. To your ankles." I obeyed. Then used my hand on my slobbered-on giant dildo and lowered myself down carefully, until the tip was inside. My eyes immediately rolled upward in pleasure.
"Good slut, take that big dick. I want you to enjoy it slowly at first. Go up and down halfway, never letting the tip exit your pretty little asshole." I started moving down on the cock, feeling it stretch my poor anus, as I maintained my balance in the shoes by placing my hands down on the bench. I pushed myself back up, then back down again.
"Don't forget to moan, slut. I better hear continuous moaning from you." I moaned, as loudly as I dared again.
"Louder, bitch. Aren't you proud to be taking such big cock in your ass for me?"
"Yes Goddess" I squeaked, in between moans.
"Then moan louder, I want you to moan every time that cock goes up into you. I want to hear the passion in your voice, I want to see and hear how much you love that cock in you."
"Yes Goddess" I repeated, and kept moving up and down, impaling myself on the giant cock. I started to feel it buzzing. The buzzing made me start to go faster.
"Yes, you love that buzzing inside your ass, don't you slut? Go all the way down now, take that big cock all the way to the balls for me." I continued moaning, and I couldn't even speak. I was mortified at how loud I was, but I was too horny to stop now. I was moving faster, fucking my own ass on the dildo in this open park, while my moans practically became screams. I went faster and faster, as the wet, buzzing cock pierced me over and over, as my legs became incredibly tired. I couldn't keep up any more and finally lowed myself slowly down until the cock was fully inside my ass, all ten inches, buzzing. I panted.
"Such a good slut, how does it feel to be completely filled up by Goddess' giant cock?"
"I love it, Goddess. Thank you for turning me into your bitch" I was barely able to utter. "I want nothing else than for you to let me get fucked, and let everyone see me." I could hardly believe what I was saying. I caught my breath as the dildo continued buzzing, my ass experiencing total pleasure. I was in heaven.
-"Um, are you ok?"
Fuck. I turned to my right and saw two women, a little younger than me, standing several feet from the bench. One was blonde-haired and a bit thick, wearing a tight pink sports bra and black spandex. The other was a thin Latina with short boy-length hair, wearing a similar outfit but a blue and green top.
"Ummmm..." I was mortified. They looked at me quizzically before their eyes noticed the pink panties around my ankles.
"Oh my God" the Latina girl said. She walked up closer. "Are you masturbating right here?"
"Incredible" said the blonde. "What an absolute slut." My Goddess' voice emanated from my phone.
"It looks like my lovely slut has an audience! This is wonderful!"
"Who is this?" asked the blonde girl, loudly.
"This is umm....my Goddess" I stammered. I was uncomfortably trying to balance on the cock inside me, hiding it from view. I was getting very tired in that position.
"Your what?" the Latina girl said, with an eyebrow raised. She looked somehow outraged yet intrigued. Goddess answered.
"My little slut here is completing a task for me. I told her to come here and put on a little show. Would you like to see more?" she asked. Both girls walked closer.
"Alright" said the blonde, folding her arms. "Let's see it."
"Ok my little slut, you know what to do" commanded Goddess. Suddenly the cock started buzzing at full speed, well within earshot of the girls. I looked at both of them pathetically, and then slowly stood up in the heels, finally removing the cock from my insides, revealing all ten inches of the pink, buzzing dildo penetrating my ass. The Latina girl clasped her hands to her mouth.
"Oh....dear Lord" she said, eyes wide. I stood all the way up, and the cock bobbed back and forth, free from its anal prison.
"That thing is huge" blondie said.
"I think my slut here needs to apply more lube, what do you two ladies think?" my Goddess asked. The girls looked at each other. They appeared to talk to each other with their eyes, and smiled.
"Yeah, we think so too. So how can she do that?"
"I think you know what to do, slut. Get on your knees." I couldn't believe it. Was I really going to have to take this cock, which had just been deep in my ass, back in my mouth? "Let's go bitch, on your knees, get it all wet again. Make sure to take it in your mouth. A good little bitch likes to taste herself, don't you think so girls?"
"Mmmmmm, yeah I think so" said the blonde. I kneeled down, panties still down around my ankles, and took the cock back in my mouth.
"Let's go bitch, I want to see you deepthroat that thing" said the Latina girl. Her friend giggled. I started slobbering on the cock, taking it as far into my throat as I could. Blondie came up behind me and slapped my ass, hard. I moaned instinctively.
"What a slut" the Latina said. "Excuse me, Ms. Goddess? What would you think if I took a video? Would that be ok with you?" My eyes went wide as I continued sucking.
"That would be wonderful" Goddess replied. I paused for a brief second to see both girls take their phones out.
"Don't look at us slut, keep sucking" the blonde said. They filmed me as I remained knelt down, slobbering and moaning on the dildo that had just been in my ass, with my panties all the way down, my bare ass sticking out to the summer air.
After a few minutes the girls decided it was time for me to ride cock some more.
"Alright bitch, how about you ride that cock for us" the Latina said. I nodded, and got up, and positioned myself with my ass above the wet, slobbery dildo again. The blonde was to my side, while the Latina girl stood ride in front of me, getting my face and dildo in clear view.
"Alright slut" my Goddess' voice said. "Time to give these girls a show. Make sure she does a good job for you girls!" she shouted. Both girls laughed. I slowly lowered myself again, each girl capturing every moment.
"C'mon, I want to hear moaning, bitch!" said Blondie. I obeyed, and continued lowering myself up and down the cock all the way, as the buzzing resumed. I must have continued fucking myself for them for at least twenty minutes as they called me names, and watched me squat down and fuck my ass.
"How much do you love cock, bitch?" asked the Latina. "Answer me."
"I love it" I said.
"Oh yeah? You love your ass getting fucked?"
"Yes, I love it. I need it. I need to get fucked all the time, I crave it" I said, lowering myself up and down as fast as I could.
"Do you want to be famous, slut?" Blondie said. "You want everyone to see how much you love cock in your ass, don't you?" I was totally aroused, my mind completely addled by all the attention and pleasure.
"Yes, please. I want everyone to see me, I want to everyone to see how much I like my ass being filled up, how much I love cock in me, how much I love performing for others and making them happy!" My eyes rolled up and finally I collapsed, cock all the way inside, and the dildo gradually stopped buzzing. The girls smiled devilishly and stopped recording, taking a moment to just look at me, taking in my total depravity.