I rinsed my mouth with water and toothpaste and splashed cold water over my face, it felt nice and refreshing and woke me up a little, it had been an exhilarating and memorable night and completely unexpected. I turned and walked out of the bathroom and switched off the light.
I went down a short corridor, stepping over clothes strewn over the floor into the hotel bed room.
The large pale floor to ceiling curtains covered the far wall and windows, the morning sun trying to break through at the edges.
In the ruffled bed, a shape of a body underneath the sheet, the mop of blonde curly hair on the pillow, an arm poking out and the and a slender foot sticking out from the bottom of the sheet.
In my head I pinched myself, amazed she wasn't a dream, and I climbed back into bed, carefully sliding up to Lauren, our bodies just touching, her heat warming me again from my visit to the bathroom.
Lauren stirred and rolled over towards me, lifting her head and placing it on my chest, moving her right arm under the sheet and lying it across my abdomen, her hand resting just over my right nipple. She cocked her leg and moved it up and over my left leg, the ruffles in the sheet forming a barrier between our skins.
"Hey you." I whispered softly.
"Mm morning." came the slightly husky response from Lauren.
She snuggled more into me, and I just feel her gentle breath over my top. We lay like this for what felt like a wonderful eternity. I closed my eyes again and cast my mind back to the previous night. I hoped there were no security cameras in the hotel lifts, as we couldn't keep our hands of each other in the confined space, I remember lifting up her skirt and sliding three fingers deep into her wet pussy as we approached the top floor of the hotel and my room. My cock swelled and twitched with pleasure as I ran back through our sexual exploits.
Lauren raised her head and kissed me on the cheek.
"Back in a second, I need to go pee." she said, grinning happily at me.
"Not a problem, enjoy!" I replied.
She sprang out of the bed and playfully pulled the sheet down and away from me, just enough to reveal my hard cock.
"You're pleased I see!" she said as she moved past the bed and into the bathroom. I heard the click of the light and the door shut. I closed my eyes again and thought of her little anus again and my cock sliding in and out of it, my cock filled again with blood and was now fully hard and erect, forming a tent in the sheet I'd pulled back over me.
I heard the flick of the light switch as Lauren came out of the bed room and then I felt movement of air as she bent over and kissed me, her moist lips on mine.
Her tongue just lightly darting into my mouth, just parting my lips, kissing me fuller and deeper each time, her minty breath adding to the enjoyment. I opened my eyes, and I could see Lauren's bright green eyes looking deep into mine as she kissed me hard and deeper, her tongue in my mouth, exploring and teasing.
I pulled back the sheet so that I was fully naked, she took the hint and climbed onto the bed and straddled me, lying along my body, her pussy resting along the shaft of my rock hard cock.
I could feel her gently moving her pelvis and moving her pussy slowly up and down my cock, coating it with her cum. Her hard nipples gently touching my body, her pert breasts shapely and inviting.
Kissing her and cupping her face as she moved slowly and rhythmically, teasing my throbbing cock.
She moved a knee, just to give her a little height, and with a movement of her hand, she held my cock and then she slipped it into her, taking my fully up to my balls.
Her warm pussy took me in. I could feel the tightness and her juices as my member went deep into her. She lowered her knee and ground her pelvis into me. All the time, kissing me and slowly moving her breasts across my chest. Our nipples occasionally touching and the spark of pleasure running through our two bodies simultaneously.
Her pussy was deep, tight and wet, and I could feel her grinding away on my shaft, taking pleasure from when I was fully in her.
I could see her bite her lip a little as she was swept away with the moment, I responded by sitting up and enjoying her breasts. They were too beautiful not to enjoy, her nipples hard and erect. I squeezed them and stroked them, Lauren responded with more moans, and I could feel my balls getting wetter. I took her left nipple into my mouth and bit it a little, teasing her. She responded more by fucking me harder.
I placed my hands on Lauren's hips, and she took the direction, pausing at the top of her stroke. I moved my hips and started to fuck her. My cock easily slid into her gaping pussy, her cum was everywhere and it felt amazing. Deep long quick strokes into her eager clit. Squeezing and biting her nipples, harder and harder.
I saw the flash of pleasure run through her eyes and she kissed me, long and hard. I felt her cum run over my cock as she sat down onto my shaft, her body twitching with ecstasy.
We stayed like that for a few minutes, savouring Lauren's orgasm, small involuntary convulsions running through her body, covering my inner thighs with her juices.
I placed my arms around her and rolled us over, keeping my cock in her all the time. I moved slightly and placed my legs on the floor, and picked up her legs and placed them over my shoulders.
I fucked her. Deep and hard. I could see she liked the depth my cock was going into her, our hands were locked together, as one, lost in enjoyment.
She let out a scream of pleasure, and I just battered her pussy, make the bed rattle and jolt. This gave me an idea, if you are going to attract attention, you might as well do it properly.
I bent over and picked her up, my arms around her back. She took the hint and put her arms around my neck and wrapped her legs around my waist. Her entire body was now pivoting on my cock which just buried itself further into Lauren, each step I took just lit up her face with ecstasy.
I took us over to the curtains and threw them open. It was a glorious view of the river, which I'd only seen briefly the night before from the pub window.
A little wave of worry passed over Lauren's face, "Nick, what are you doing." she said, a little nervously.
"I'm showing you off, don't worry." I replied, the thought of people seeing us just made me even hornier, I kissed her over and over to reassure her and gently pulled my cock out of her.
She lowered her legs to the ground and released her arms from my shoulders, "Hang on." I said, and I dashed and retrieved her high heels.
"Put these back on."
She looked at me a little taken aback, but did so, she stood back up in them and she just looked stunning, the heels showed off her slender legs to perfection, I could have cum there and then, just by looking at her.
I pulled over a chair and flipped it around, I wanted her bent over it, so I could fuck her from behind, and I wanted people to see me pounding her.
"Bend over it." Lauren did as she was told, I didn't realise she had submissive qualities. I couldn't hold back anymore, it was too much, she was a fabulous shape, just even more accentuated in the heels, her clitoris was now the height of my cock and I just slid into her hole.
I pushed deep into her, rocking her on her heels. I just fucked her. Long deep thrusts, my body slamming into her, she was moaning and looking back over her shoulder at me, encouraging me to drill into her.
Fucking her felt amazing, she was so responsive and wet, my cock was coated in her cum. I could feel her tighten her pussy and her body started to shudder as she came over and over. The tight pussy hole was too much for me, it clenched my engorged shaft and I came. A huge wave of pleasure washed over me, I steadied myself and gripped her ass, filling her with my load.
I thought she may move away once she realised I'd came, but she stood still, her legs in those fuck me heels, my cock deep in her, almost savouring every drop of my cum, feeling it mixing with hers.
My cock had expelled all my spunk, so I gently pulled out of her and she stood and turned and kissed me. The hairs on the back of my neck stood on end, the passion and magnetism still in the air. I knew from that point forward she would obey and her journey from miss perfect to my cum slave had begun.