For as long as Adele could remember, Valentine's Day had been her favorite holiday.
In elementary school, she had loved giving and receiving goofy Valentines from her friends. In middle and high school, Valentine's Day had meant sweet signs on her locker and quick kisses stolen before sports practices after school. As she had gotten older, the goofy Valentine's Day and stolen kisses evolved into more mature celebrations--overnight trips to a fancy hotel, massages, nights at home snuggled together in bed. But this year, that was all different.
Three weeks ago, while they were at dinner on their two-year anniversary, her boyfriend had announced that he had to move to France for his job for a year. Her first reaction had been one of joy. It was perfect; she worked remotely, and they had talked about moving in together in the next few months anyways. She was so excited to be moving to France with him. But with his next breath, her boyfriend had shit on that parade. It wasn't her, he said, she was great--it was just that, well, he wanted to take full advantage of ALL the French had to offer, if she knew what he meant. So he wanted to be unattached--or, as the French put it, "celibataire"--to fully enjoy the experience. But to Adele that hadn't even been the worst part of that night. The asshole had actually asked her to wait for him for the year that he was abroad. Fuck that! Was it the 1800s, when men got to take a jolly romp around the globe while their girlfriends stayed at home, waiting for them to come home with God knows what STDs? Hell no. Adele had stood up so hastily that she knocked her chair over and got the hell out of there.
Two nights later, in an angry fit of desperation (and perhaps a sugar high fueled by Sour Patch Kids), Adele had signed up for a dating app. Within the first two hours of posting her profile, her phone notifications dinged--she had a message from some guy named Ricardo. Adele suddenly regretted even signing up for that damn app. She was still getting over Asshole Ex, wasn't she? The last thing she needed was to meet some weirdo online. But she also had to admit to herself that she was curious--what type of guy would be attracted to her online profile? It wasn't so much that Adele lacked confidence. She was on the shorter side, but her athletic build, ready smile, and easy-going personality had attracted a fair share of male attention. Instead, Adele had to admit to herself that she was nervous. She didn't want to experience rejection again so soon after being fucked over by Asshole Ex--that had been pretty damn painful. So before clicking on Ricardo's message, Adele promised herself that whatever developed from this new adventure, it wouldn't be a relationship.
*****
That had been three weeks ago. Adele had found Ricardo's first message to be sweet and to the point: "You're cute, you look interesting, and I'm new to the area and want to make some friends. Want to get together for coffee?" She had responded with a silly pun: "Sure. It looks like we might have some common grounds. Where and when?" But she had known she would go through with it when she saw his response: an eyeroll emoji and the line, "Soon. I would like to meet you a latte!"
When she caught sight of Ricardo for the first time, Adele had to admit that she was glad she hadn't chickened out. His head was shaved, and he sported a close-trimmed beard that softened a square, masculine jaw. He was exactly the right height, and she couldn't help but notice that his broad chest and pecs nicely filled out his tight-fitting navy t-shirt. She had allowed her eyes to travel quickly down to his narrow waist, garbed in shorts that revealed an incredibly tight ass. She wondered what it would be like to get lost in that Bermuda triangle--thoughts that flooded both her face and her more intimate parts with heat.
The coffee meeting for which Adele had allocated an hour had turned into two, then four. It had ended with a walk in a nearby park, during which she and Ricardo had shared an unexpected kiss after he had caught her when she had tripped over an unseen tree root. That kiss, too, fanned flames in several parts of Adele's body which she had thought she had successfully turned off after Asshole Ex's departure. Now these feelings were turned on once again, full-blast, furnaces that pumped out heated thoughts that constantly distracted her. After their first meeting, Adele had seen Ricardo four out of the next five days--once for lunch, another time for ice cream, then a night at an arcade where they played air hockey like maniacs, and then once again for coffee right before Ricardo had to drive to the airport for a two-week work trip. When Adele joked that he was just trying to "take off," Ricardo had suddenly turned quite serious and replied, "No--I think I'm going to land on something pretty interesting that we can do when we get back."
And Ricardo hadn't been lying. What had happened in the few days that he had been gone had been very interesting indeed. The two began to exchange texts that made her burn ever hotter--and she found herself texting things that she didn't ever think she would. Ricardo had started things off by texting her about how he had had a long day at work and couldn't wait to get back to his hotel room and take off his suit. When Adele had asked what he was changing into (she had to admit she was recalling her first glimpse of his broad shoulders, tapering down to his narrow waist), Ricardo had replied with one word: "Nothing." It took Adele a couple of other texts before Ricardo texted what he actually meant:
"No, I'm actually not getting dressed in anything. I'm ordering room service and staying naked. I'm a nudist."
"Oh, okay," Adele had texted back, rather lamely. She felt like she had to process this information a bit more. To her, a "nudist" had always seemed someone who was older, a bit unself-consciously saggy, and hippy-ish to the point of Birkenstocks and socks. Nudists were people who gathered outdoors around a camp fire to both keep warm and have a kumbaya moment. That didn't seem to fit Ricardo.
Ricardo's reply was, "I'm not apologizing for who I am or what I like. But does that make you feel any differently about me?"
Fuck it, she thought. This isn't going to turn into a relationship, so what have I got to lose?
"Hell no," she replied. "I think it's hot as hell."
"Really?" he texted back. "How is it hot?"
"Ummmm you've got a hot body, and it would be amazing to see it..." she replied.
"I'd love for you to see it," Ricardo had responded.
"I think I'd like to take you up on that offer when you get back," Adele replied.
"DEAL!" Ricardo had shot back. "Want to go camping? I promise I can start a fire."
"Sure, boy, you're already fanning my flames," Adele had teased.
From then on, the sexy banter between Adele and Ricardo had continued for the remainder of his work trip, getting more heated and more detailed each day. Adele found herself not only agreeing to go tent camping for a weekend with Ricardo soon after he returned, but looking forward to it. Nothing else would come of it, but she had to admit that she grew wet at the thought of being wrapped in his powerful arms against that narrow waist, and imagined feeling him harden against her as they kissed beneath a star-filled sky.
****
Adele felt her heart flutter in time with her turn signal as she turned right into the overflow parking lot at Bare Bluff State Park, where she was to meet Ricardo. He had promised to get there an hour early, claim the campsite they had rented, and set up the tent. She had to admit she was a bit relieved--she had never really tent-camped before, outside of a few nights in Scouts when she was a kid.
And there he was, striding towards her car as she parked her small SUV. Ricardo walked quickly, with a smooth, confident lope. His face broke into a broad smile as she opened her car door and stepped out. Jogging the last few steps, he scooped her up in a quick hug which pressed the air from her lungs. Catching her breath, she laughed at his boyish spontaneity. "Are you happy because there's just fresh air, and not fresh games of air hockey that you would lose?" Adele quipped playfully, glancing up at Ricardo with an arched eyebrow. Ricardo returned the arched eyebrow. "Puck you, I'm sure you cheated at some of those matches by flashing your...hmmm...," he teased. Adele dropped her jaw in mock surprise, pretending to be insulted by Ricardo's flirtatious accusation. "You wish!" she replied. Ricardo's expression suddenly turned much more serious. He met her eyes, then said slowly and simply, "Yes, you're right. I do wish. Do you want that wish to come true tonight?" Adele suddenly felt color flood her face, and warmth flash across her breasts and through her loins. "Yes, I do want that wish to come true," she replied. Was it her imagination, or did Ricardo's cock start to harden against her as he held her to him?
Adele and Ricardo found themselves staring into each other's eyes for a few more seconds before Ricardo quickly kissed her on the forehead, gave her a tickling poke in the side, and said, "Come on, let's get your things to the campsite."
*****
Adele had to admit she was impressed. Ricardo had shouldered with ease the vast majority of her camping gear -- a duffle full of clothing and toiletries and two filled-to-the-brim grocery bags. She had brought up the rear, toting campfire sticks and a bag of marshmallows. During that short walk, she had thoroughly enjoyed her view of Ricardo's quite-fine ass--which seemed more interesting than the beautiful forest around them. When they reached the campsite, Ricardo had quickly put the food in his car to keep it safe from critters, dropped her bag in the tent, zipped the tent entrance closed, and announced that he had found the perfect first hike.
And so here they were, trekking single-file down a rather narrow but level path to Bare Bluff State Park's fire tower, from which (according to the park website) they could glimpse amazing views of the forest, the surrounding valley, and river beyond. Adele found herself relaxing in Ricardo's company. He was really easy to talk to, and definitely easy to look at. She had intentionally dropped behind him when the trail narrowed. Adele knew that she was definitely attracted to Ricardo in many different ways. She told herself that she was glad that this was really just a DTF ("down to fuck") camping trip --that kind of took the pressure off in a really nice way. They didn't have to pretend this could lead to a serious relationship--they could just be themselves. And if the best thing that came out of the next couple of days was some seriously awesome sex, then she intended to enjoy it to the fullest.
Ricardo and Adele reached the fire tower after a few more moments of hiking and began to climb. Again, she watched Ricardo's incredibly immobile ass tighten and relax through his shorts as he climbed the six staircases that led up to the top. When she reached the final level, Adele joined Ricardo at the rail, gazing out onto the beautiful scene below. The sun was setting, illuminating the tallest trees in a golden burst of light, while casting other shorter foliage into shadow. The result was a breathtaking, ever-changing collage of bright and black.
Adele sensed Ricardo step behind her, then felt his arms wrap around her shoulders and chest. She leaned back against him, relaxing into his muscular frame. As the two stood there, Ricardo's hand dropped slowly to Adele's breast, and his thumb began to brush softly against her nipple, causing it to harden. These caresses at first were on top of Adele's tank top, but soon worked their way inside. For a few moments, Ricardo's hand stroked her breast gently over her sports bra before slipping inside to her bare skin. When she felt his hand naked on her nipple, Adele inhaled quickly, and fought for a second to keep her balance. God, it had been too long since she had been touched like this. Had she ever responded this intensely to a guy's touch? She was shocked at how quickly--and how thoroughly--Ricardo's strokes across her breast and nipples were making her wet.
As she stared out over the forest and valley, Adele began moving her hips slowly in a circle, brushing back and forth against Ricardo. It wasn't long before she felt him hardening, in a unmistakable show of appreciation for her efforts. Adele began to press a bit harder into him, sweeping against the fullness of his length. She felt Ricardo's breath catch, and a groan escaped his lips. Ricardo suddenly withdrew his hand from her breast, put both hands on her shoulders, and turned her gently around to face him. Tilting her chin up with one hand, and pressing her to him with the other, Ricardo bent his head until his lips met hers.
And Adele melted, her mouth parting for a deeper kiss. She could feel his full hardness pushing against her with growing urgency. Adele's hands slid down his back to his ass, pulling him in to her as she pressed her hips against his. After Ricardo's lips ended a last, lingering kiss, he drew back slightly and looked at Adele's flushed face with a small sexy smile before bending his head to the right to nibble from the tender spot immediately behind her ear all the way down to the incredibly sensitive spot at the nape of her neck. It was all Adele could do to stand up; she grasped Ricardo's neck as his slow kisses moved farther south.
Feeling suddenly bold, Adele stepped back just enough to allow her left hand to travel down Ricardo's soft t-shirt. Lingering at the top of Ricardo's shorts, Adele let her hand slide gently sideaways, brushing the soft hairs that traveled in a straight line down into his shorts. Then, seemingly with a will of its own, Adele's hand continued down past the waistband of Ricardo's shorts until it brushed against the length of his thickened cock. She was surprised at its length--she had never been with a man that large before. Adele slowly began to undo the top button and then slide down the zipper. To her own astonishment, Adele felt herself confidently sliding her hand inside, cupping and lightly caressing Ricardo's balls. She found it unbelievably hot that he had manscaped; his groin was as well-groomed as the rest of him. This also increased his skin's sensitivity to her touch. As she slowly stroked his sack, brushing against his hard cock, Ricardo moaned and widened his stance, spreading his legs to allow her better access.
Adele could not hold back any longer. Kissing Ricardo full on the lips, she gently drew his shorts down over his hips, taking his boxer briefs down with them. Kneeling before him, Adele looked up at Ricardo with an inquiring expression, implicitly asking for his consent. His eyes soft with need, he met her gaze and nodded. Adele didn't hesitate. With her left hand, she caressed his cock, and with her right, she swept her fingertips gently over his sack. Ricardo leaned back against the tower railing, spreading his legs even further apart to allow her the greatest possible exposure. Taking advantage of the opportunity, Adele dipped her head between his legs, suckling his sack, savoring its saltiness. She felt him shudder as she gently sucked one ball, then the other, then both into her mouth, pressing her tongue softly against them. She knew he was getting close to cumming from the combined sensations of her hand rubbing the impressive length of his cock. And she wanted him to cum in her mouth. With one last glance up at Ricardo, Adele took his length in her mouth, working the tip of his cock with her lips and tongue and sliding her hand up and down its shaft. She heard Ricardo suck in his breath and felt him thrust towards her, encouraging her to take in his fullness.
It was then that Adele felt a prickle on her neck, as if they were being watched. Still working Ricardo's cock, Adele swiftly glanced towards the stairs leading to the final level of the tower--and then suddenly slowed her suckling. A man and a woman about their age were standing on the stairs, watching them--but as Adele watched, she slowly realized that they were doing much more than watching. The woman was stroking her man through his shorts, causing him to pant; his hand was down the back of her shorts, touching her so that she moved her hips to the rhythm of his fingers.
Adele's brain told her to stop--they were being watched! But it was her body that was in full control at this point. She looked up at Ricardo, who by now had also seen the couple caressing one another as they watched. Adele didn't want to stop--not now. Her glance towards Ricardo sought permission to continue. With a shudder, Ricardo gave a slight nod and, closing his eyes once more, gently ran his hands over Adele's head and through her hair with slight pressure to demonstrate that his need had intensified.
Committing fully to Ricardo, Adele focused her entire attention on massaging his head with her tongue and lips, moving her hand up and down his shaft with slowly increasing speed, and stroking his sack with the fingers of her other hand. She got even more excited when she tasted his precum, felt the stronger pulsing begin in his taint, and knew that he was close. By this point, Ricardo was slouched against the landing, weak with longing, his legs far apart, fully exposing his erect cock and balls to the other couple. Adele wanted them to see her make Ricardo cum. She slipped slightly to the side so that she was no longer blocking their view and made eye contact with the other woman.
Being watched brought Ricardo to the height of his need, and he couldn't hold back any longer. With three powerful thrusts into Adele's eager mouth, he came, gasping, his cock pulsing rhythmic gushes of hot cum into her waiting mouth. Hungry to capture every drop, Adele gulped it down, Ricardo's full length still filling her. When she was sure that he had finished cumming, she licked his length with her tongue to catch the last of it. Ricardo exhaled sharply, tensed muscles relaxing at last in a long shudder that passed through his entire body. Adele looked into his face and broke into a somewhat goofy grin as Ricardo returned her gaze, and mouthed, "Holy shit."
It was then that Adele and Ricardo suddenly remembered the other couple who had just been watching them, demonstrating their naked appreciation through their own intimate caresses. Both turned simultaneously towards the staircase--the other couple was gone. It was as if they had simply melted away into the twilight as Adele and Ricardo were completely engrossed in one another, reaching the climax of their first tryst on the tower. Adele, still kneeling, rested her head against the inside of Ricardo's thigh as he recovered. The two listened to the crowded silence of the forest in the fading light, broken by final bird calls and the chirps and buzzes of nocturnal insects, but not by human voices.
"Let's go down so I can go down on you," Ricardo said at last, finally recovered enough to get dressed. Still hot with longing, Adele could only nod. Hand-in-hand, the two slowly descended the tower, heading back to the campsite and further adventures in the dark.
STAY TUNED FOR FURTHER ADVENTURES...