We had a young man named Scott that did yard work and some light remodeling for us. He was in his mid-20's and we'd known him since he was in high school. He was 5' 8" with very short brown hair and slim, wiry build, like a long-distance runner. He'd been working for us for about 2 years and we'd invited him to dinner, a couple of times, and had also taken him fishing with us, on our boat.
As part of my ongoing program to make my wife, Mary, more of an exhibitionist I suggested that when Scott came over to do yard work she should allow him to see her wearing skimpy clothing, or even nude. After some considerable amount of discussion, she agreed to go along but said she would not allow him to see her nude.
Scott came over the following week, while Mary was at work, to fix a sprinkler head that had broken. I told him that I liked Mary to wear skimpy clothes around the house and that she had always covered up when he came over. I asked him if it would bother him or make him feel uncomfortable if she didn't cover up. Scott played it very cool and said that wouldn't bother him at all. I could see by his expression and demeanor that he was intrigued. He said he would be back on Sunday to mow the lawn.
At the time, Mary was fortysomething, 5'7" and had a small waist and wide beautiful hips that matched her heavy, natural, 36D breasts. She had large very pale nipples and both nipples were pierced. She's a natural redhead and has that very pale skin that only true redheads possess. Her pussy was shaved smooth and she usually wore a small gold ring, with a diamond, in her pierced clit hood.
Sunday was hot as hell and I asked Mary to wear a very skimpy white Wicked Weasel string bikini. It's semi-sheer when dry and very sheer when wet. Since it was so hot, I made sure to keep it wet. I didn't want Mary to overheat!!
When we heard Scott's truck pull up Mary started get up to put something on. I told her I had spoken to Scott it was all right to stay out on the deck. She was apprehensive but sat back down. When Scott came in the back yard he come over and talked to us, trying not to stare at Mary's barely there bikini. I asked Mary to get us some drinks since it was so hot. When she got up and went into the house Scott got a good look at her ass in the string back bikini. His eyes were very large and he clearly liked what he was seeing.
Scott mowed the lawn and then sat and chatted with us for a while, before leaving for his next customer. After Scott left Mary asked me if I thought Scott was freaked out and I said no, I thought he was pretty turned on. She laughed but seemed pleased.
Over the course of that first summer Scott got to see Mary wearing skimpy outfits 2-3 times a month. Mostly very skimpy bikinis but also some low-cut tops that showed a lot of her breasts and the occasional peek of nipple. At first, Mary had seemed ill at ease but as time passed she loosened up and seemed to enjoy the attention.
The next summer we started off where we'd left off with Mary showing a lot of skin when Scott came over. She'd gotten to the point where she was really enjoying showing off for him, and me.
Towards the end of the August we were out on the deck and Mary was laying out nude. When we heard Scott's truck pull up she got up and went inside to put on a very short semi sheer cover up. Scott came around back and we chatted about a couple of projects. When Mary came out of the house she was wearing the cover up.
The cover up was very short, and Scott was sitting on the steps so he had a good angle to see her smooth pussy when she was standing. We chatted for a few minutes and then Mary went back in the house. I invited Scott to stay for a beer after he finished mowing the lawn and he said sure, since we were his last customer of the day.
I went in the house and asked Mary if she would agree to let Scott see her totally nude. She said she didn't think she was comfortable with that...but how would we do it, anyway? I told her Scott was mowing the lawn so he would be distracted and that she should just go out on the deck nude and move around and let him see her, from afar. After some encouragement, she agreed.
I went back outside and sat down and when Mary came out she was nude except for her high heels. She made a couple of in and out trips while Scott was mowing and I could see him looking but trying not to stare. He was far enough away that while he could see she was nude, he couldn't see very much.
When Mary went back in the house I followed her in. She was at the sink when I came up behind her and cupped her big tits, gently pinching her very erect nipples between my thumbs and fore fingers. My cock was hard as a rock and I pushed it against her bare ass and told her and told her how turned on I was and how hot she looked.
I told Mary that I had invited Scott to stay and have a beer after he was done with the yard work and I asked her come back out and let him get a good close look at her nude mature body and she grudgingly agreed.
I went back outside and when Scott was done, he come over and sat down and we were talking about fishing when Mary came back out. Mary was wearing the short robe and I could see Scott trying to unobtrusively look under it to see her bare pussy.
Mary walked over the chase lounge where she had been laying out and removed the robe. Underneath she was wearing nothing but a waist chain and high heels.
Scott told her she looked great and tried, valiantly, not to stare at her voluptuous nude body. Scott quickly sucked down his beer and Mary asked him if wanted another one.
He said "yes, that would be great".
When Mary got up to get Scott his beer we got a great look at her hot body both going and coming back. When Mary handed Scott the beer his eyes were riveted to her magnificent hanging breasts and pierced nipples. Mary sat back down and we chatted for a while and then she got up and went back into the house to make herself a drink.
Scott was sitting on the stairs, which had been an advantage when she was standing because he could see under her cover up, but now was a disadvantage, as he could only see her from the waist up.
I made an excuse and followed Mary into the house to tell her hot she looked and much we were enjoying the show. She just couldn't believe that a man Scott's age would find her attractive. I told her his eyes were glued to her whenever he had the chance to look. I asked her to go back out and make sure that he got a good look had her smoothly shaved pussy and pierced clit hood. By this point she'd had a couple of drinks and she was starting to get into showing off for us.
I went back out and sat down and Scott and I chatted some more about fishing and the upcoming hunting season. I mentioned that we were having a problem with the back fence and we went up to go and look at it.
When we came back to the deck Mary was sitting on the stairs with her legs spread slightly giving us an incredible view of her beautiful smooth pussy. She had changed the jewelry in her clit hood piercing so it was much more visible. Scott's eyes were huge and he was clearly torn about what part of her lush nude body to look at first. We stood there and chatted for a while longer and then Scott's phone rang and he had to leave to deal with another customer's broken water line.
The next week it rained so we didn't see Scott but the week after that was hot again and we were again out on the deck, enjoying the last hot days of the summer.
Mary was wearing just a hip wrap when we heard Scott's truck pull up. He came around back and sat down, telling us about the last job he'd been on with the customer who was a "bitch from hell".
Mary had made no effort to cover up and Scott was enjoying the view of her big, bare tits. She offered him a bottle of water and then went and got it for him, giving him a nice close view of her tits, when she bent over to hand it to him. Mary asked him if he'd like to stay for dinner and he quickly said yes.
After Scott finished with the lawn he came over and sat down on the stairs and Mary gave him a beer. Then she went back over to her chaise lounge and took off the hip wrap, leaving her totally nude, and sat down.
Scott had learned his lesson and quickly came up onto the deck, sitting down in a chair that faced Mary giving him the perfect view of her nude body. I may have imagined it, but I thought Mary spread her legs, just a little, to give the young man a better look at her mature shaved pussy.
Soon Mary got up to prepare dinner and we were both pleased to see that she made no move to cover herself. She stayed nude all through dinner and until Scott left.
As summer wound down it seemed that my opportunities to show Mary off to Scott would be coming to a close. As it turned out that October he shot a nice deer and gave us one of the tenderloins. When he brought it over Mary invited him over to dinner the following Saturday.
I immediately started planning on what she should wear to prepare and serve our dinner. After a couple of drinks, Mary agreed to wear whatever I wanted. The outfit I chose was a black waist cincher with stockings and a sheer blouse with high heels. The blouse barely covers her magnificent ass and leaves most of her cheeks exposed. Her smooth pussy is also barely covered.
When Scott arrived, Mary had the top open 3 buttons, showing just a little of her breasts. Scott told thanked Mary for inviting him to dinner and told her she looked hot. Scott and I sat at the breakfast bar and watched her prepare dinner.
As Mary was cooking Scott couldn't keep his eyes off Mary's lingerie clad body and when she bent over to get something out of the refrigerator he stared openly her bare ass. Mary went out to get the Rosemary and when she came back in with the top unbuttoned, all the way, he grinned and stared at her smooth pussy and heavy tits.
Mary announced dinner was ready so Scott went into the bathroom to wash up and Mary grinned at me and removed her top. When Scott came back out and discovered Mary was topless he seemed quite pleased. Scott was very animated during dinner and paid very close attention every time Mary got up and sat down.
After dinner, we watched a movie but I think Scott spent as much time looking at Mary's nude body as he did watching the movie...not that I did any better!
When the movie was over we walked Scott to the Door. He thanked us for inviting him to dinner and said, staring at Mary's tits, he said it had been one of the best evenings he'd ever had. Mary blushed and gave him a hug.
After Scott left I felt just slightly melancholy as now Mary wouldn't be able to show off for Scott, until spring. Silly me. As it turned out this was just the very beginning of a long and very erotic adventure.