Nothing happened the next day, Wednesday, at all. Got through it more or less unscathed, and actually got some work done. Spent the night reading and watching some TV. Laptop was on, but no messages. Crashed about 11 and worked my way through a couple of fantasies with the girls. Next day was Thursday. I wondered if I should plan on stopping by Starbucks on the way to the parking garage after work. Did they have a regular routine where they did the same thing each Thursday. I decided I would have to, just to see what might happen.
About 11 AM, though, my cell phone rang, and I didn't recognize the number, but it was local, so I picked up.
"Hello, Gene Davis here."
A female voice "Hi, Gene, I'm sure you remember me. We had a nice visit on Tuesday afternoon in the park by the pond. Do you remember me?"
"Yes for sure, but which one are you, I'm not sure I recognize your voice enough to connect with a name?"
"I can't tell you. That's part of the surprise we have for you."
"We???"
"Well, just me for now. Are you at work?"
"Yes."
"Great. You want to take me out for lunch?"
"Sure. Where would you like to go?"
"Your choice, but it needs to be a sit down kind of place, no burger, taco, or sub shop, OK? We have a problem that we need to talk to you about."
"Sure there's a couple of places near here. You want me to come get you, or...."
"No, its OK, I know where you work, I'll come and get you at quarter to. Bye."
And she was gone. So, now another adventure begins, I thought. I was pretty sure that wasn't Steph, just didn't sound like her. I never paid too much attention to the others' voices, so it could have been any one of them.
So promptly at quarter to twelve, my desk phone rang, and Teri, our front desk girl told me that "there is a Ms. Pearson to see you about her school project and should I bring her back to your office?"
"No, that's OK, I'll come and get her."
So, out of the office, down the hall to the reception area, and there was Kelly, dressed quite smartly with a crisp white blouse, knee length black skirt, and a grey jacket on top. She was carrying what looked to be a leather type folder that people use to take notes on. Very professional looking, I thought.
"Hi, Mr. Davis, so good of you to see me on such short notice. And thanks for letting me interview you for my business class project."
"Yes, glad to do it. Why don't we go back to my office, uh... its Kelly, correct?"
"Yes, that's right, good of you to remember."
I pointed down the hall, and said "My office is the open door at the end of the hall, go ahead."
She went first, and I could see the gentle sway of her hips as she went down the hall. Nothing exaggerated, but she knew I was watching. She went into the office, I pointed to the chair in front of my desk, and she sat down, and crossed left leg over right, letting her skirt ride quite high up, but not far enough to see if there were panties or not, but damn close.
"So, how can I help you?"
"Can you close the door?"
"I probably shouldn't, why?"
"I need to talk to you about some stuff, and I don't want anyone to hear."
"Well, the offices on either side are empty, the guys are on the road, so if you talk quietly, it should be OK.
"We have a problem that we need your help with."
"What kind of problem?"
"Well it started on Tuesday..." and she quickly undid a couple of buttons on her blouse, enough for me to see that she was without a bra, "... when we did the flashing thing with you. It got us all terribly excited. So much that a couple of us wanted to show you what we had too..." she reached inside her blouse and grabbed her breast and showed me a beautiful C cup tit with a nice pert pink nipple on the end that she then rubbed a finger around,"... and see if you got hard? Steph isn't the only one who likes to show off, you know.. Come over here, please."
I walked over and stood in front of her, she guided me so that she was directly between me and the door with her back to it. She undid one more button, then took my hands and put them on both her breasts. "You like them. I've been told I have really nice boobs. Do you agree?" she asked, then reached down and grabbed my already stiffening cock. "I can see you do. I agree with Steph, I think we could have a lot of fun."
She stepped back a bit, took my hands and lifted them away from her tits, and quickly buttoned up her blouse. Her nipples were pushing against the material of her shirt, so she pulled her jacket closed, and started to get up, saying, "Well I think it's time for lunch. Where are you going to take me?"
I got up from my chair, and came around as stood up, and I put my hand down on her left butt cheek, guiding her out the door. It was very clear the either no panties at all or a thong, because all I felt was smooth skin. Oh, god, this was getting crazy.
We walked down the hall to the reception area. Luckily, Teri wasn't at her desk, so didn't have to explain anything. We got in the elevator to go down the 5 floors to the lobby. As soon as the doors closed, Kelly reached over and gave my cock a quick couple of squeezes. "Ooohhh, nice, and getting nicer," she cooed."
We get out of the elevator, and Kelly asks, "Where to?"
"Just out and to the left. It's a couple of blocks -- the Italian place, that work for you?"
"Great."
"So, you really have a class project?"
"No, but it's a great story, believable, I think."
"Tell me what this problem is that you all have?"
As we walked down the sidewalk, she continued, "Well like I said Tuesday got us all really excited, so much that when Steph was chatting with you Tuesday night, we were looking over her shoulder, and reading everything you wrote, and I think that all of us ended up fingering ourselves. Then she took the picture of me and sent it to you. Did you like it?"
"Oh, yes, very much."
"I had just finished cumming, and my fingers were still wet."
Just then we got to the door of the restaurant, I opened the door for Kelly, and we went in. The girl at the front desk asked -- "Two? Table or booth?"
Kelly quickly answered, "A booth would be great".
We followed the girl and she seated us in the last booth at then of the aisle.
I got in one side, and Kelly was directly opposite. We didn't talk other than to get the menus, accept the glasses of water, and decide what to order. Waitress came by, took orders for food and drinks and was gone.
"Ok, more on the problem. You know from what Steph has told you that a couple of us had or have boyfriends, so you can assume that we're not new to sex. She's also told you that we share almost everything and play around a little, right?"
"Yes she told me a lot about you girls, I hope it's OK"
"Yeah, but she didn't tell us first, so when she did, we were a little pissed at her, but after Tuesday afternoon, we've got some other ideas. Lane and Tammy have boyfriends now so they have sex. Lane a lot, Tammy once in a while. We all know this because we tell each other just about everything."
"Steph and Brooke are still virgins, cuz they've never had a boy's thing inside them, even though they've both played around with boys."
"What about you, Kelly?"
She leaned forward undid her top two buttons, so just the tops of her tits were visible, and then said quietly, "I've had three boyfriends so far, and I've fucked all of them."
She then leaned back so that the fabric of her blouse stretched tight on her nipples, then she resumed her normal posture, "See, this conversation has the girls excited. You like?"
"Very much. Keep going. So what's the problem you need help with?"
She leaned back a bit, and I felt her foot push its way between my knees, and up to my crotch. Her foot pushed against my crotch and she wiggled her toes against my penis.
"Lane wants to put that thing there in her pussy."
I just sat there letting the sentence just hang there. The next comment was a real intelligent one -- "Huh????"
"You heard me."
"Yeah, I guess I did."
"When she was feeling you on Tuesday when you were playing with Steph, she really got fixated on your, how shall I say it, man parts. She says that it's all she's thinking about now, and she needs to kill the curiosity of it. We know Steph has always had a thing for older guys and men, and I think some of that has rubbed off on the rest of us. Lane just wants to be the first. So, you up for it?"
"I don't know, I guess, yeah, sure. Why isn't she asking herself?"
"I think she doesn't know how to go about it, doesn't know how she could seduce you, doesn't see you often, can't just run into you easily, and she wants this bad, so I said I'd talk to you about it."
"OK, so I can do it. She's sure cute enough, you all are, I'd love to play with her. How is this going to happen?"
Just then our food arrived, and we started eating. In between bites, we continued the conversation.
"So, Steph says you live alone, right?"
I nodded as I chewed.
"So, she'll come over to your house, you gave Steph the address, its correct right? She'll be there about 8 or so. She'll have to leave by about 10, cuz that's when the library closes, and she's going to tell her parents she's out studying. Will that work?"
"Yeah, that'll be fine."
We finished up eating, I paid the check with a couple of twenties, and we walked back out into the sunshine.
"Look, I need to go the other way, and catch up with the girls on campus, but I just need to tell you one last thing about tonight."
"What's that?"
"Steph is coming along to watch"
And she turned on her heel and walked away down the street.