Jane was in the throes of interviewing applicants hoping to fill the vacancy for the room on offer. Jed had moved on and after some thought she and Barry had decided to carry on having a student lodger. As before the offer came with strict conditions on attitude and behaviour. This was their home.
Beginning to find the process tedious Jane was dismayed when the next boy turned up with his controlling mother.
'Eric is 19, very well behaved and obedient. He always does as he is told for me and I'm sure he will for you.'
Jane thought that very interesting and smiled inside.
'I've told him he's not too big to have his bottom spanked!'
Jane found that even more interesting and pictured herself slapping the bare bottom of this shy, embarrassed youth who sat across from her.
'I don't think we're allowed to do that anymore Mrs Murray.' Jane said politely.
'More's the pity!' said the stern and strict woman.
Jane wondered if the boy Eric had experienced any freedom at all in his life. Then her mind started working overtime in a wicked way.
She attempted to draw the boy into conversation but his mother constantly jumped in and answered for him. As she went through the 'rules of the house' the mother seemed pleased: no drugs or stashing alcohol in the bedroom....'Alcohol! - never allowed to touch it!' shouted his domineering mother.... washing in it's proper place...blah...blah....blah..'
Very pleased you run a tight ship,' Mrs Murray said, wearing a supersilious grin.
Jane decided to take the boy under her wing and hopefully transform him into a more confident young man -- maybe more!
'I'm not keen on Eric living in student accommodation -- prefer him to be somewhere more secure where there is less temptation to misbehave and where he has an older woman looking out for him.' Mrs Murray said.
Jane run that through her mental process: less temptation -- wrong, misbehave -- hopefully, older woman safer -- not this one. If only this bossy old bag knew!
A few days before the new term started Jane welcomed Eric and helped him settle in. First she showed him around the house and told him what she expected.
'Don't come home drunk. Not often anyway. I do know what students get up to. If you want a drink in the house come downstairs -- you're welcome to help yourself within reason, don't turn your room into a drinking den'
'Mother forbids alcohol, he told her.'
Jane was getting tired of hearing about Mother.
'Eric, your mother isn't here -- this is my house, my rules -- you will enjoy more freedoms than you have done at home. You are allowed to have some pleasures in life. My goodness lad, you are 19yrs old and should have a mind of your own. I've a good mind to do what your mother suggested'
Eric looked puzzled. 'What's that. Mrs Watts?'
'Spank you, Eric. Pull down your pants, put you over my knee and smack your bare bottom!'
Jane looked at Eric's surprised face and heard him draw in a deep breathe.
Their tour reached the laundry room.
'Now bring your washing here. I'll do it for you. Put your socks and underpants in this small basket and they will get done daily. Don't leave them in your bedroom, otherwise you might run out of clean underwear. Shirts and other bigger stuff gets washed when there is a full load.'
She caught him staring into the basket and realised he was looking at her panties. Lifting out a pair of lacy orange panties she held them up. 'Always put your used underpants in here with my knickers and Mr Watts undies. You look like you have never seen ladies underwear before.'
He blushed up. Jane guessed why. 'Don't suppose your mum wears panties like this,' she said lifting out an even more skimpy pair.
'I've only seen a few pictures of them,' he admitted, shyly.
'Well Eric, if I see you ogling my panties I'll know why they interest you.' Jane then purposely made a joke and saw him visibly shake.
'But if you decide to sneak off to your room with a pair, make sure you bring them back, then I don't run out of knickers.' She then put her hand on his shoulder and whispered softly in his ear. 'And make sure any white sticky mess goes on the soiled panties and not on the bed sheets!'
Poor Eric didn't know where to look. 'Sorry, I've never heard a woman say stuff like that before.'
'You're very open and honest Eric' He laughed for the first time.
'Listen, I think we will get along fine, I can see you becoming more relaxed already.'
Jane moved on and realised how naïve and innocent Eric was. 'Did you know what I meant when I said that stuff about taking my panties to your room?'
The boy nodded shyly.
'I know what young boys need. I can help you now your living here with me. I don't suppose you have ever been to the pub at all or been with girls?'
He shook his head and looked away. Jane thought he might be putty in her hands.
'Well I can help you with lots of things, Eric, teach you stuff and show you a lot. Now your mum's out of the way I can show you how to have some fun. She won't find out -- in fact it can just be between you and I. My husband works nights a lot so we can spend a lot of time together in the evenings when no one knows what we talk about or what we do. Would you like that -- me showing you how to have enjoyment? Just like other 19yr old lads do.'
Eric swifty gave the afirmative. 'Yes, Mrs Watts, I'd like that,'
'You must be a good boy for me though, Eric. Do as I tell you -- your mother told me you are very obedient. Will you be obedient for me?'
'Of course I will Mrs Watts.'
'You'll like most of the things I ask you to do, Eric. They won't be like you do at home -- they will be more pleasurable. Actually, when I said you have to be a good boy for me and do as I say, well, there might be times when I want you to be a bad boy for me. Do you understand my meaning?'
'Not really sure, Mrs Watts, but I think it's going to be great living here.'
It can be really great if you do what I want you to do, Eric. Now I'll leave you to look round on your own and have some time to yourself. Just do a little job for me, will you. Go back to the laundry room and put all the smalls in the machine ready for washing -- all the undies, all my panties and bras.' The woman added, 'If you find a pair you think is really nice it's okay to take them back to your room to have a better look. Take them back to the washing machine when you have done what you want to do. Do you understand?'
'Think so -- yes.' His face was very red.
'Strange at your age that you haven't seen much like that before. I will have to find you some pictures and magazines to look at. Probably some photos of me.'
She kissed him on the forehead and sent him off. He obeyed immediately.
Over the next few weeks Jane made sure she didn't interfer with Eric's college work and his efforts to settle in. Also partly because she too was busy settling into a new job. By the time she got to spend private time with the boy he had made some headway but still lacked confidence and needed to work on his social skills. One evening when Barry was on nights she sat with the boy chatting.
' I'm pleased to hear you have made some friends,' Jane said, But how come you never go to the pub with them -- you haven't been out in the evening since you got here?'
He started to mention his dreaded 'Mother' but Jane stopped him.
'I just feel the odd one out and sometimes don't even follow the conversation. And if girls speak to me I get tongue tied.'
Jane gave him a sympathetic smile, 'Well, that's something I can help you with Eric.' She pushed herself right up to him on the couch, their thighs touching, Jane wore a mini skirt that she had allowed to ride up to expose plenty of leg.
'See, you're almost quivering already because I'm almost cuddling you. What's going to happen if you're with a girl and she wants you to kiss her? It seems you're scared of being touched, Eric.'
'I'm not used to people touching me -- let alone girls.'
'We're going to have to work on that,' Jane brought her hand across lap and caressed his upper thigh. 'Try and relax, Eric, does it feel nice?'
'Yes,' he answered, gasping.
'I'm going to help you get some experience of life and build up your confidence. No one will know what we do -- only we two. But you must follow my lead and do as I ask. Is your penis getting erect Eric?'
'I don't know what to say, Mrs Watts.'
'It's a simple question Eric -- yes or no. Be a good boy and do as I say! It's okay, we have to do it this way, it's a quicker method of solving your problems Eric. You don't need to be scared -- just let me guide you. Now answer my question!'
'Yeah, it is.'
'Good boy, Eric. Now you have to practice controlling it -- not getting too excited too soon.'
Jane let her hand stroke his inner thigh and drift closer to his crotch. Eric was panting for breathe. She moved her hand and unfastened his shirt, slowly all the way down to his waist. Now she let her hand rub his chest and belly watching him tense up. Moving back to his chest she played with his nipples.
'Do you wish you could that to my nipples Eric?'
Surprisingly and without hesitation he nodded.
'Have you sometimes pictured what I would look like -- how it would feel?'
Again he nodded, nervously. She gave him a little kiss on the cheek and whispered in his ear seductively and softly.
'Would you like me to let you have a little look under my shirt!'
'Ple......please,' he stuttered.
Jane sat away from Eric so he'd get a better view and began to slowly undo the buttons of her shirt.
'We will have to do some very naughty things together, Eric. So we can quickly make up for what you've missed -- so you'll be like other boys your age. Otherwise you'll still be catching up when it's time to leave college. Do you understand? It's no good just showing you pictures and talking about things -- I have to show you, we have to touch each other and do things.'
She pulled apart her unfastened shirt to show her full breasts, only just covered by her dainty bra.
'Touch my breasts Eric -- don't be scared. Rub your hands over them.'
Summoning up courage the boy reached out his trembling hands and placed them on the woman's bosom.
'Good boy! She let him enjoy the feel for a while, then said,' Does this feel more exciting than when you got to touch my panties in the wash basket?'
'Yes,' he said.
'You thought they looked sexy, didn't you?'
'Yeah, only seen a few pictures before.'
'Well they were just ordinary undies -- I have stuff far more sexy than the ones you touched. Do you wish you could see those?''
'Oh, yes, please!'
She pressed his hands and told him to rub harder. 'That feels nice, Eric -- you are turning me on. Your friends at college won't call them breasts will they -- tell me what they call them?'
'You know!' he said not wanting to say the word.
'I want you to tell me -- say it!' Her tone sounded commanding.
'They say....tit's'
'Do you like my tits Eric?'
He nodded.
'Say it -- tell me!'
It proved a little harder to get the words out. 'I like your tits!'
She drew him close and began to kiss him sexually on the lips, working her tongue into his mouth. Making sure his right hand remained rubbing her breasts She brushed directly over his swollen crotch feeling the outline of his young hard penis. Wanting him to lust for more she let her hand move lower to massage his inner thigh. Pausing to kiss his neck, she felt him shudder and moan. Finally withdrawing she gently ask him if he'd like her to go upstairs and bring some of her more revealing underwear for him to see.'
'Will I be able to touch it,' he asked shyly though already showing signs of greater confidence.
'I'd love it if you did,' whispered Jane. 'Stay here, I'll be back in a minute or two. Pour us a small drink each. I'll have vodka -- you choose anything you'd like to try.'
'I can't,' Eric protested.
Jane snapped. 'Pour yourself a drink. Eric! All part of your new self.'
While Jane was away Eric tasted a few drinks to see which flavour appealed to him -- a new experience, though not a good idea. He had no idea about the effects of alcohol.
When the older woman walked into the room Eric looked disappointed and confused -- she carried with her no sexy underwear.
'Did you forget to pick it up, Mrs Watts?' he asked politely.
'No Eric -- I'm wearing it.'
What?' asked Eric with disbelief.
Jane now wore a different top, one with a zip. Somehow her breasts looked bigger to the boy. Seductively she lowered the zip. Eric drew in a deep breathe as the zip had reached her belly but he couldn't really make out evidence of a bra. In a deliberately tantalising action Jane uncovered her breasts. Hardy fit to be called a garment the underwired harness consisting of nothing more than two half cups held together with a couple of cords that made her jugs stand out proud, her nipples peeping out above the PVC slivers of black material.
'Stand up Eric.'
He wouldn't.
'Stand up! Jane ordered, 'And take off your jeans. I want to see your erect cock bulging out of your underpants.'
As the wimpering boy awkwardly obeyed struggling out of his denims he fell over. Jane noticed signs of intoxication.
'How much have you had to drink, Eric?'
'I didn't know which to have so I tried a few.'
Jane walked across the room and stood almost directly over him.
'I think I might have to punish you later Eric -- you know how don't you?'
'Yes, Mrs Watts,' he answered slurring his words. 'Does that mean you won't let me see any more now?'
'Do you want to Eric? Are you going to be a good boy for me?'
'Yes.'
'Then pull your denims off and stand up.'
When he stood up wobbling a little Jane feasted her eyes on the large bulge in his crotch.
'That looks nice Eric -- I might want to see more. Sit back down now.'
Jane sensed his inability to argue or resist anything she might demand. Stepping even closer to stand over his face she undid the button holding up her skirt and let it drop to the floor. Eric cried out and gasped. A mere few inches away from his face was the woman's vagina, clearly visible behind the slit of her shiny PVC crotchless panties.
'I promised you could touch, didn't I Eric? Would you like to touch me now?'
He mumbled something inaudible.
'Answer me, Eric!'
'Yes!'
'Feel me, now. You've been a good boy for me, Eric -- mostly. Now though....I want you to be a really naughty boy, a wicked boy, a very bad boy!' Jane was almost giving herself an orgasm. 'Will you obey me?'
'Yes!'
'Run your hands over me, touch me everywhere. Stand up now and play with my tits.' He did as she ordered. ' Suck my nipples.'
Jane felt his cock through his underpants as he took a nipple into his mouth.
In minutes she was wanting more. Telling him to kneel before her she placed his head between her legs and hissed at him to kiss and lick her cunt. Not resisting or showing any sign of reluctance the boy followed her orders.
'Are you enjoying this Eric?'
'Yes, a lot!' he told her in his half drunken state.'
Jane turned round and bent forward slightly showing him the garment also exposed her anus. 'Carry on licking!' Placing her hands behind her back she gripped her buttocks and spread her cheeks wide opening up her bum-hole. 'Give me your tongue, Eric. Try and put it inside my hole.' Jane fingered herself stimulating her pussy and brought herself to orgasm as the boy licked and sucked her bum crack. When her sexual urge had been quenched she dragged the boy to his feet and yanked down his underpants, gripped his cock and masturbated him until he exploded. She decided she would fuck him another day.
I was never clear how much Eric remembered about that night but both chose not to mention the events. When he told Jane about a forthcoming college party and said he might feel out of place, she right away hit on a solution.
'You can take me. There's an event I have to attend to do with work. You can accompany me to the event then we'll leave early, get something to eat then go on to your college party. We'll turn up late but if you tell them the truth, we've been attending an event then been for a meal, it will look more impressive than letting them think you've asked your landlady for a date out of desperation. Barry hates these work events.
At meal time, while the boy was with them she told her husband all about it. 'I'm taking Eric to that work thing, then we'll go for something to eat. Then, he's taking me out on a date! He's taking me to a college party.'
Eric looked nervous, waiting for Barry's response. He seemed quite uninterested. 'Right. No probs. Hope you both have a good time.' Then went back to glancing at his magazine.
The event went quite well, with Jane's female colleagues making a fuss over Eric, asking who the handsome boy was. It did wonders for his confidence.
Jane enjoyed her time at the pub, meeting Eric's new student friends. Especially when she overheard two of the lads commenting on how lucky Eric was being able to date his hot landlady.
'Wish I lived in her house -- she's wasted on Eric.' The other boy had been agreeing having quite lewd fantasies, that he vocalised. 'Love to play with those tits.'
Later in the evening Jane was watching Eric trying his best on the dancefloor with young blonde girl. She was happy he was coming out of his shell. The two friends who had been admiring Jane came over to her table and sat chatting. As the conversation progressed the boys became more direct.
'We think Eric is damn lucky having you to look after him.'
'Why thank you boys.' she replied.
'You're really hot -- we want to go on a date with you.'
'I think you've had too much to drink lads!' she laughed. 'You want to take me out -- both of you together?'
'Why not? Could you not manage two at once?'
'Ha ha ha!' Jane laughed, she decided to go along with the outrageous banter and flirting. 'Could you two young bucks manage me?'
'We could give you a bit of a good time!'
'Only a bit, boys?'
Well, we'd have to try it to see.'
'And you reckon you'd be okay performing in front of each other?'
'Don't think that would be a problem, Mrs Watts' said one staring her straight in the eye grinning from ear to ear. 'Or can we call you Jane?'
'I have to remind every young student that tries to sweet talk me and 'chat me up' -- that I'm old enough to be their mother! And you can call me Mrs Watts!'
'They say age is just a number. Come on, we'll pick you up one night and take you out for a drink and show you some fun. How about it?'
The other lad joined in, 'We know where you live -- we gave Eric a lift home after college.'
'And what will you say if my husband answers the door?'
'Erm...good point.'
Jane changed the subject.
'I'm very grateful that you both have spent time with Eric -- he hasn't had a great time at home. He looks a lot happier now but still has a way to go.'
'And have you been helping him?' They gave Jane a knowing look.
'Stop being outrageous!' she scolded.
'But what about that drink, next week -- you can meet us in a pub.'
'Definitely not. Anyway you can't -- you won't be here -- it's half term next week -- you'll both be going home. Eric is not looking forward to being with his domineering mother again.'
'Actually, we're not going home. We have some plans of our own and we're involved in a project.'
'Oh, I see,' said Jane.
They talked more until it was time to go. Jane, although enjoying their cheeky, company excused her self. 'I have to go now, I'll go and get Eric.'
'So have you had second thoughts about going for that drink with us?'
'Told you, there's no way. What would people think if they kept seeing a woman of my age out in pubs with different students? You're both very self assured, flirting with a woman my age. Neither of you can be accused of being shy -- or lack confidence. What's wrong with girls your own age?'
'Pity -- but we tried! Just for the record, we'd both prefer the company of an experienced woman -- if you know what I mean. That's why we're envious of Eric!'
Jane hesitated before she walked away. She liked these lads, made a change to talk to students who were more worldly wise and talked straight. She turned to them.
'If you find yourself at a loose end next Wednesday night and are still interested -- you can both come round for a drink at my house.'
The boys were gobsmacked!' 'Sure thing! What time?'
'Not too soon,' Jane told them, 'Don't come before seven -- after my husband has left and I've had a chance to wind down from work.
'Okay. When's he due back?' asked the cautious one anxiously?'
'He won't be, he's working the nightshift, we'll be able to relax, there'll be no rush to throw you both out.' Jane was aware she was speaking with a certain tone in her voice.
With that offer, she smirked at the boys and walked away. She left a pair of very excited students.
Half term came around, Jane saw Eric off wishing him good luck and telling him he'd soon be back -- if that's what he wanted. 'Certainly I do, Mrs Watts.' he said with a twinkle in his eye.
As the weekend passed Jane thought about Wednesday evening and thought about the image she had put over to the students who had flirted with her. A daring wife, looking for adventure, inviting two lads, young enough to be her sons, round for drinks while her husband was working nights. The lads weren't coming to play monopoly -- they would expect some flirting and sexy chat and maybe more -- well...they'd probably expect quite a bit more. She definitely knew she wouldn't need to beat about the bush with them, treat them like scared kids or pussyfoot around for chance they'd freak out. She could be direct - and knew they would be too!
When Wednesday approached Jane found herself growing excited, impatient for evening to come round. She helped Barry make his sandwiches and saw him off to work before having a light meal then taking a shower. Jane thought it best not to dress blatantly sexy -- they might not even turn up, or maybe they would prove to be quite boring, after all, maybe it had just been the beer giving them false courage. She could finish up looking pretty foolish. On reflexion she nevertheless chose to wear stockings and suspenders and dainty underwear. The skirt she chose was short but not too revealing, the top, showed a little of her ample cleavage.
She poured herself a stiff drink and sat waiting. Time passed and two more drinks later the doorbell rang at 7:45.'
'We thought it better to wait until well after 7pm to make sure your husband had definitely left.'
Jane was glad the boys still had that direct attitude.
'He'll already be at work now,' she told them, 'I'm not expecting anyone else tonight. Are you both okay to stay till a late hour or do you need an early start tomorrow?'
'Nothing planned, we can stay as long as you'll have us.'
'Not driving are you?' she asked.
'Taxi,' she was told.
'Good, then none of us don't need to ration our drinking,' she observed, 'I'm not working tomorrow.'
'Great,' said one of the lads smirking, 'Then we just have to make sure we're gone before your husband gets home in the morning. What time does he get home?'
Jane laughed, but refrained from scolding her guest -- she felt a little tingle when she imagined the two boys sharing her bed for the whole night, her in the middle!
'That might be a bit dangerous, we might oversleep through having too much to drink,' she told them.
The boys looked unsure whether she was being flippant or was giving it serious consideration.
'Too much to drink and tired from all the action?' the other boy said.
Jane loved their cheeky sexual banter. 'Maybe that too,' she said with a giggle, 'Who can tell what the night may bring?'
All three felt a stirring in their loins.
'You haven't asked us our names, yet Mrs Watts.'
Jane was going to tease them, 'I don't need to know your names -- you're just here to keep me company and entertain me while my husband is on nights. We can have a fun evening without me knowing your names. I'll just think of you as boy one and boy two! And tonight, you can call me Jane -- if we're going to have some fun, Mrs Watts sounds a bit formal.'
She grinned and and gave a knowing look, walking over to the drinks cabinet.
'What will you have boys -- a beer or a spirit -- I have quite a few to choose from whisky, brandy, vodka,...' She bent down low, almost straight legged, knowing they would be able to see her panties and let them know she wore stockings, flashing plenty of bare flesh between hosiery and panty leg, taking her time to go through the list of drinks available, letting them have a long look. She even stayed in that revealing position while they pondered over what to drink, finally going for a beer.
The housewife sat the boys down, making sure she would be sitting directly across from them. For the first half hour they exchanged small talk. This time the boys were completely sober but had lost none of their self-assured confidence -- Jane was happy about that.
'I trust you guys aren't going to tell half the college you got invited to spend the evening with an older woman.'
'Never, we know when to keep our mouth shut.' said boy one.
'Glad to hear that. It would ruin your chances of ever coming back here again. You're here for what..another two years. There might be occasions when you'd like to come and spend some time here again, have a fun evening that doesn't cost anything,' she smiled, 'And free drinks part of the bargain.'
'What else is part of the bargain?' cheeky boy two asked grinning.
'Well that remains to be seen -- we'll have to see what the evening brings.'
They chatted and drank copiously, but the conversation kept reverting back to things sexual, both blatantly and by suggestive innuendo. Jane didn't mind one bit.
'You're really brilliant.' said boy one. 'I can't imagine my mum ever wearing sexy stuff and saying the things you do.'
And would you have ogled her like you ogle me?'
'Ha ha ha, I might have snatched a peep if I'd seen her flashing!'
'Well -- if she'd seen you take an interest she might have obliged and gave you a treat.'
'Wow! I love it when you say way out things like that.'
'So did you ever flash in front of your son,' boy two asked, expecting a shocked scolding rather than an straight answer.
'I've always been free and easy and careless, I guess he did sometimes see more than he should have.'
Wow! Such as?'
'A towel slipping when I came out of the shower. Never bend over in a ladylike fashion -- bet I'm always flashing my knickers. Almost sure my dressing gown often billowed open when he was there -- must have got a good eyefull of my tits.'
'Jesus,' both boys gasped.
'Sorry, am I being too graphic for you?'
'No, more like you're turning us on.'
Jane smiled, 'Told you we could have a fun evening. Want another drink, boys?'
Once again Jane gave them a thrill when she walked to the drinks cabinet and bent down.
As they chatted Jane noticed them constantly staring at her lower half.
'Put your eyes back in their sockets! She snapped jokingly repremanding them. 'You keep looking up my skirt, staring at my knickers.'
'We keep hoping to catch a glimpse, but can't see anything,' admitted boy one.
Oh, really!' Said Jane with a fake surprised tone, 'I thought they'd been on show a while.'
'And you let us look -- didn't bother covering up?' said boy two, like he was really grateful.
Boy one looked aroused too, 'We have been able to get a good look at your stocking tops and suspenders.'
'And have you both enjoyed the view?'
'What do you think?' said the lads.
'Listen, do you fancy a whisky chaser with that beer -- give it a kick?'
She rose up and went through the usual bending low routine pushing out her backside more than ever. Going back to her seat she purposely hitched her short skirt up high, displaying inches of bare thigh.
'Is that better? Can you see my panties now?'
'Fucking hell!' Exclaimed boy two, while boy one took in a deep breath.
'Why the surprise?' asked Jane, 'I did promise you both a fun evening with free drink!'
The boys fell silent whilst they feasted their eyes on Jane's now damp gusset and the white naked flesh of her upper thighs.
'You look very uncomfortable, boys.'
'You know why that is Jane, 'said boy one.
'Then take away the strain -- you know where your zip is. Unless you intend going home soon you may as well take your trousers off completely.'
'You serious, Jane? Not sure I dare.'
'Hahaha!' Jane shook her head, 'This from the boys who suggested we share the same bed the whole night! If my husband had been away for a couple of days, as he sometimes is, I might have been happy to go along with the idea! Looks like I'd have uncovered your bullshit!'
'Really? Hell! You mean it could very well have happened?'
'Apparently not -- unless you intended sleeping in your jeans!' She laughed out loud. 'I've overestimated you boys, seems you are almost as shy as Eric. I was going to dress in a very sexy outfit for you tonight but decided it might not be a good idea -- if you turned out to be all talk and no action.'
'What sort of action do you want then,' uttered an annoyed student.
Well you've just chickened out of my first suggestion!'
Both boys stood to prove her wrong and unfastened their denims peeling them right off, then sitting down again with an expression of triumph. Now it was Jane's turn to feast her eyes on their sizable bulges that had room to move around inside their Calvin Kline underpants. She could clearly see the outline of their now semi-erect cocks.
'Your turn!' said boy two. 'Show us you're prepared to take things a stage further!'
She smirked, stood up and unbuttoned her blouse -- then leaving it open, she dropped her skirt.
'You get a better view now -- my panties are almost transparent. You might get to see my really sexy stuff later.'
She sat down and let her knees widen opening her thighs wide. The gusset of her panties folded into her cunt slit.
'This could be where the real fun starts, boys.'
She had shown she meant every word, happy to fulfill her promise of a good time. In appreciation boy one let her openly see how big his cock had grown, pushing like a tent pole inside his underpants -- he began to gently stroke his cock over the black cloth. Boy two looked at the hand of his mate and followed suit. Both boys liked what they saw. It got even better when Jane let her hands fall to her lap and slipped fingers inside her panties letting them watch as she rubbed her cunt lips finding her clitoris.
'Glad you can both stay late boys,' she cood sexually and softly, 'We're only just getting warmed up for the first round!'
Both parties increased the intensity of their masturbating as they kept their eyes focused on the area of each others private parts. The sound of heavy breathing filled the room.
'Take your cocks out!' begged the older woman. 'Let me see them!'
Without hesitation both boys obliged and displayed their rampant swollen penises for the delight of the woman old enough to be their mother. Her wicked smile widened as she saw how well endowed both boys were, a good girth with a big helmet that would fit nicely in any hole she fancied. All three began to moan and groan as they reached their pinnacles of sexual pleasure reaching orgasm mere seconds apart in panting sweaty ecstacy. They lay slouched in their seats for several minutes recovering before they enjoyed round two of their fun evening, hosted by the hot forty-something year old Jane.
'Isn't this better than taking me to a pub?' she asked.
'Hell yeah!'
Boy one asked if it was okay if went into the garden to smoke a joint?
'No need,' said the amazing woman, 'We sometimes smoke too, so if the smell lingers Barry won't find it unusual. Look in the top cupboard and use that -- care ful though, it might be stronger than you're used to. I'll have a smoke too when I come back down.' There was no end to the surprises this woman had to offer.
Jane excused herself and said she was going to freshen up. Returning a few minutes later she had changed into the most sexually amazing outfit the boys had ever seen. It wasn't for wearing while stepping out in public. Janes tits swung free, a cut out harness holding them high and firm from underneath her breasts. Below she wore a tight waspy corset with attached suspenders holding up black fishnet stockings, on her feet she wore black stiletto heeled boots made of kid leather that came up to her knees. She wore no panties, her well rounded arse and her shaved vagina clearly on view. The boys were stunned into silence.
'I was going to put on a gown but thought -- what's the point? She went to pour more drinks and when she handed them to the shocked youths she handed each a little pill.
'What are these?' Jane.
Are you both in good health? No heart problems or anything like that?'
'Erm....yeah we are both healthy.'
'Take the pill with your drink. It's Viagra. Won't exactly make you feel any sexier, but it will keep you hard for me. You'll have an erection that lasts.'
The boys did as they were bid, looking extremely curious about the pills. Jane made sure they didn't drop ash on the carpet, moving around with her wobbling arse and open pussy letting the boys regain their libido. Jane let them see how her anus opened when she stretched and bent over -- to see how they reacted. They reacted favourably.
'Take your underwear off now -- give me something to look at too! I want to see how long it takes you to get really hard. I want you to fuck me -- both of you -- together.'
They then sat for a while looking at each other, all thinking lewd thoughts and having depraved ideas.
'This is fucking awesome, Jane.'
The booze and cannabis was taking effect.
'Remember when one of you said you wished you could play with my tits? Now your wish is about to come true -- come over here.'
Boy two swaggered across, his cock swinging back and forth. When he was in reach Jane took hold of his hard cock and pulled him to her breast feeding a nipple into his mouth. As she encouraged him to suck and bite her breasts while she wanked his foreskin up and down she shuffled her body to one side to make room for boy one. Lifting one foot on to the seat of the couch to allow her cunt lips to fully open she signalled for boy one to come over and sit between her legs.
'Put your tongue in my cunt and lick me out!'
Boy one eagerly obeyed, rubbing his penis at the same time. Jane felt his tongue lick all around the inside of her labia and find her clit. She slid down the seat so she could raise her backside higher, and told boy one to go lower. That brought her brown hole in contact with the boys mouth. He was happy to run his tongue around her anus then lick hard, trying to penetrate her arsehole.
Jane had taken her own, different little pill that heightened her sexual desire.
'I want your cocks inside me now!'
Boy one needed no instuction and immediately turned her over lifting her backside high, stood up and entered her from behind. Meanwhile at the front boy two maneuvered his body pointing the head of his penis to push against the mouth of the sex mad woman. With enthusiasm he fucked Jane's mouth while his good friend rammed into her from behind.
'You really love cock, don't you Mrs Watts!'
The housewife just made a grunting noise and moved her backside up and down in unison with the thrusting boys very stiff knob.
'I want to fuck you up your ass, Jane!' boy one hissed. She released boy two's cock from her mouth and spoke, using her hand on him instead.
'Later, I'll let you both have a turn. We'll have to get some cream from upstairs first and lubricate my back passage. Swap over boys.'
The lads filled her cunt and mouth fucking her hard in both orifaces. They fucked until they needed rest. As they lay there Jane took time to lick both cocks clean of her vaginal fluid. Boy two wanted to know what it felt like to lick a woman's arse so kissed her bottom causing her to lift her buttocks and spread her legs and make space for his tongue. The lad enjoyed himself licking the sweat soaked anus of the nymphomaniac mother.
'Spank me!' she begged.
Both boys knelt behind her and brought their hand down sharply and alternately slapping the cheeks of her arse. Boy one wet his finger and used it as a small dildo stimulating her shithole. Jane allowed him to continue wriggling her bottom.
'I like that,' she admitted, 'But later you can fill my back passage with your cocks.'
And that's just what they did. Taking a drink first before resuming their sex session Jane told the boys to follow her upstairs. Producing a jar of thick cream, she told them what she wanted and leaned forward, resting her head sideways on the bed but remained in a standing position. Putting both hand behind to grip her arse cheeks she seperated her white globes of flesh to expose and open up her sphincter. Guiding the boys she supervised how she should have her anus prepared. Fingers carefully oiled her and encouraged her hole to stretch wider.
'Use cream on your cock- then fuck me. Boy one placed his still hard but greasy dick against her bumhole and began to gradually push making her cry out.'
'Is that hurting you Jane?'
'Keep going,' she panted.
As her arse hole got used to being invaded and with the help of her little pill her muscles relaxed and admitted the boys pole. Not afraid of losing his erection, thanks to the viagra the young lad fucked her arse for all he was worth using her breasts as something to grip, squeezing her nipples. His cum spurted up her arse but his cock remained firm. The sexual electric-like shock that surged through his body when he reached a climax took his breath away. Exhausted, he pulled out and sank down on the bed next to the woman.
'Your turn,' he told his waiting amazed friend.
'Yeah, give me more,' Jane mumbled
Boy two found it easy to get his dick up the depraved housewife's accommodating arse, it being wet, greasy and well stretched. He took a different line than his friend and proceeded to slap her bottom as he rammed his cock hard up her hole like a piston. Jane moaned loudly but not in protest or pain. The boy spanked away, reddening her cheeks, thrusting hard as he fucked her arsehole. Boy one, ready for more enjoyment crawled along the bed to lie diagonally and order Jane to suck his shit stained penis. Now she obeyed his orders and opened her mouth feeding his dick down her throat.
It was three in the morning before Jane partially woke to find the boys still with her fast asleep on her bed. Seeing the lads still sported erections wicked thoughts came into her head. Sitting up she straddled the nearest pole and fucked the owner bringing her close to orgasm. Wanting the other she knelt over it and worked it up her bumhole bouncing on the thick member. With her fingers she finished herself off and reached orgasm. Tired but happily satisfied, but still under the effects of the drugs and booze she sank down not caring and went back to sleep. She would wake the boys later, before Barry arrived home. He would be tired from working all night, ready for sleep, and be annoyed if he found two youths naked in his bed -- with his wife. Or would he?