A week later, Thursday night
Shannon thought lustfully about their visit to Bull Riders last week. She robotically went through the motions of another work week, high on the memory of Tads eyes mind fucking her as she sat and flirted from her barstool. It was a Thursday night after work when she decided to go through her closet in search of a sexy outfit that would make Tad proud. As she browsed through her closet she began to realize how few sexy outfits she actually had. Her pussy was tingling in anticipation of seeing Tad tomorrow. She didn't want to disappoint him with an outfit that was boringly conservative. Shannon had a few ideas of what she wanted to wear, so she pulled out all the possibilities and tossed them on the bed. Frustrated with her lack of options she waited for Joel to come home so she could get his opinion.
"Hey babe I'm home!" Joel yelled as he walked in the front door after a long day of work.
"I'm upstairs in the room, can you come on up and help me for a sec," Shannon yelled down to Joel.
Joel walked upstairs and entered a bedroom with clothing strewn everywhere. Shannon was sitting in the leather chair in the corner with a look of disappointment hanging on her face.
"What's going on honey? What's with all the clothes all over the room?" Joel asked with a note of concern in his voice.
"I just can't find anything to wear to Bull Riders tomorrow that's even remotely sexy enough! Tad expects something amazing. I just want to turn you both on so much," Shannon pouted.
"Baby don't worry, we will update your outfits, I promise, but I'm sure we can make something amazing out of what you have here. Let's look at what you have," Joel replied cheerfully.
Joel walked over to the bed and looked through the mass of outfits. His cock began to stiffen as his mind thought of all the slutty outfit possibilities he could dress his wife in.
"Ok, before we begin, what were you thinking about wearing?" Joel asked
"Well, I definitely want to wear a skirt again, I just don't have any dresses right now that are even close to being skimpy enough for another trip to Bull Riders," Shannon replied perking up a bit.
"Ok I agree, but you wore a jean skirt last week, so let's push those aside and choose something different. I really like this white linen skirt or this white denim skirt," Joel said
"Ya, I like the white ones but they are both way to long, they both go to mid thigh. I was thinking quite a bit shorter than last weeks skirt. The skirt I wore last week was something I use to wear to the mall without thinking twice. If I'm gonna do the hotwife thing I want to push the limit. I want to wear things I would never have worn before. Don't you agree baby?" Shannon said.
Joel picked up the white denim skirt, held it up in the air and examined it closely.
"Well, the linen skirt we cant do anything about, even though I like that it is almost semi sheer. But this denim one we can work with," Joel replied with a mischievous grin.
Joel walked over to the dresser, opened the drawer, and took out a pair of scissors. He carefully laid the white denim skirt on the bed and began methodically cutting two inches off the bottom of the skirt, shortening it from fourteen inches to twelve inches. Joel held the skirt up to Shannon for her approval.
"Oh my god honey, that's a great idea!" Shannon squealed in delight as she yanked the skirt out of Joel's hands.
She pulled the skirt up her tanned legs and checked herself out in the dressing room mirror. The skirt now came up to mid thigh. She turned and examined herself from all angles. Joel watched her and noticed a slight frown cross her face and then a few seconds later a mischievous grin.
"Baby your idea was inspired, but it doesn't go far enough. I want to turn heads tomorrow. I absolutely love this skirt, but it needs more!" Shannon said as she wiggled her hips and pulled off the white skirt.
Shannon walked over to the bed, laid the skirt down, grabbed the scissors, and carefully cut off another four and a half inches from the bottom of the skirt. She Shortened it to a tiny seven and a half inches in length. It was now half the length of the original version. Next she carefully frayed and distressed the new cut she made to make it look more natural. Still not satisfied, she cut two small one inch slits into the front of the skirt where the pockets for jeans would have been. She carefully pulled on the threads of the cut distressing it to make it look like a natural hole had formed in the cloth. She walked back to the full length dresser mirror, pulled the new micro skirt on over her tight ass and carefully examined herself in the mirror. A huge satisfying smile beamed on her face.
"So, what do you think? Is it sexy enough? Do you like it? Will Tad like it? Because I love it!" Shannon exclaimed in rapid fire succession.
"Baby it's, it's, it's FUCKING AMAZING! And its perfect for tomorrow," Joel stammered.
Joel's prick throbbed and bulged in his pants as Shannon posed in the mirror. The new micro skirt barely covered her ass in the rear and barely covered her now dripping pussy lips in the front. Her amazing bronze legs and calfs were on full display. The white skirt made an amazing contrast to her deeply tanned legs. Shannon bent over and Joel gasped as her pussy exploded into view because of the shortness of the micro skirt. Shannon sat down in the black leather chair and crossed her legs to test the coverage of the skirt over her crotch. She nodded her head in approval and slowly uncrossed and recrossed her legs in front of her now drooling husband.
"So hubby, is this a skirt appropriate for your new Hotwife?" Shannon playfully teased.
"I approve one hundred percent, and I know Tad will also. Plus, as you can see my cock says hell ya. See baby, I knew we could make this work. What were you thinking for your top?" Joel asked with a naughty glint in his eye.
"Hmmm, I have lots of tops I like, but I don't know if any are tiny or sexy enough to pair with my new micro skirt," Shannon frustratingly replied.
"Let me stop you right there sexy. I anticipated this problem. At work this week I kept thinking about what Tad said about you only wearing a basic sexy outfit last week and that you could go a lot skimpier. Soooooo I went on Wickedtemptations.com and ordered a skimpy top that will look amazing with that skirt. I had it overnighted and I know that Tad will approve," Joel said with a devilish tone in his voice.
Joel ran out of the room and came back with the package. Shannon opened it up and revealed a skimpy black drape cowl top that was made to show off her back, shoulders, and cleavage.
"I think it's safe to say you won't be wearing a bra with this top baby! I have been thinking about you trying this on all day. Visualizing your perfect tits straining to get free under it. Visualizing all the men starring at you. Visualizing Tad as he watches you enter Bull Riders again," It Has had me hard as a rock all day," Joel panted.
Shannon smiled devilishly as she put the top on. It had one tiny black string that wrapped around the top of her tits around to her back were it tied like a bikini top. The front was a plunging cowl front that draped from the tiny black string on the top of her massive titties. The cowl top hugged her plump tits, barely covering them. Her back, sides, and most of the top half of her body was totally exposed. As she walked the draping cowl top did nothing to stop the sexy sway and bounce of her tits as she walked. When she bent over the view was even more amazing, basically her tits just fell out of the top.
"Joel it's perfect! Thank you so much! Let's see if Tad thinks this is a basic sexy outfit tomorrow. Haha, I can't wait to tease him. I'm getting turned on just thinking about it. I already know the perfect thong to wear with it," Shannon excitingly exclaimed.
Shannon walked over to her lingerie drawer and pulled out a tiny black thong that laced up in the front. The laces connected the left and right side of the thong like a shoe lace. But the most amazing part of the thong was that it was crotchless and when she pulled her pussy lips down the lips dangled in plain view.
"You can't get any skimpier than these baby, look how my pussy lips dangle out the bottom!" She said as she seductively pulled on the tiny thong.
"That is a seriously daring thong! Tommorow night is going to be epic," Joel said as he walked up to Shannon and kissed her squarely on her luscious lips.
"Ohhh I hope so," Shannon moaned in response as she passionately returned his kiss flicking her tongue deep in his mouth.
"Their is no hoping about it," Joel moaned breathlessly back in her ear."
15 hrs later, Ten P.M. Friday night.
Alex and Ben were regulars at Bull Riders. They hit the popular bar up at least once every weekend. This was the first Friday they had been to the club in a few months because of the basketball league they had been playing in. Last week they took home first place in the league and decided to celebrate their championship by picking up some horny babes. No place was better for picking up hot women in skimpy outfits than Bull Riders. Ever since Tad had taken over as head bartender a year ago the babes just kept getting hotter and sluttier. Picking up women had never been hard for Alex or Ben at any bar, but the women at Bull Riders were much sluttier. The best part was most were down for a no strings attached fuck, just what the men were looking for! Basketball kept both men in exquisite shape with toned rippling muscles. Alex was 28 years old, 6'5 with dark, neck length wavy hair. He wore a form fitting black dress shirt with black tailored pants. Alex had a 8.5 inch cock that never failed to satisfy a needy slut. Ben was 30 years old, 6'1 with short brown hair fashioned into a faux hawk. Ben preferred more casual clothing so he was wearing a pair of designer jeans and a short sleeved v-neck designer t-shirt. Ben was packing an above average 7.5 inch cock that was much thicker than average. Ben named his cock The Extinguisher because of the massive amount of cum he could shoot out of his cock when he blew his load. The guys sat down at a small four top table towards the back of the bar so they could survey the crowd. The waitress came over and they ordered their drinks, a vodka tonic for Alex and a Heineken for Ben.
"Wow It's packed in here tonight, Tad has really been doing a great job advertising the place," Alex observed to Ben.
"There's some hot women in here already, we're gonna have no problem celebrating tonight, I see three candidates already," Ben replied to Alex as a hot forty something milf walked by their tables in a form fitting black mini dress.
The waitress delivered the guys drinks, they thanked her and raised their glasses.
"Here's to the fucking championship and fucking some hot sluts as a well deserved reward! May we satisfy some needy cunts tonight," Ben toasted.
Alex and Ben downed their first drink with eyes scanning the growing crowd for potential hook ups.
Joel and Shannon pulled into Bull Riders in their black Dodge Challenger SRT. They parked in a spot at the back of the parking lot and kissed before getting out of the car. Joel walked around and opened the door for his wife. His cock was throbbing already as Shannon swung her legs out to stand up. Her skirt was so short he could see every inch of her pussy lips peeking out from her crotchless thong.
"Fuck Shannon! You look fucking amazing! Walk in front of me so I can put this in my memory bank to save forever," Joel exclaimed.
Shannon smiled naughtily and swung her hips as she pulled a few steps ahead. Her white denim skirt barely covered her ass, and her thong top was pulled out the top of her skirt creating a whale tail. Her entire back was bare except for a small string tie in the back and seven and a half inches of white microskirt over her ass. Her tits were on full display and swayed noticeably because she was braless. The cowl drape front plunged down past her belly button, lightly draping over her massive 34ddd tits which were trying their hardest to escape the confines of the thin cloth. Her seven inch black platform heels clicked on the pavement in a melodic tone bringing her height up to almost six feet. She could see the flash of Joel's iPhone as he snapped off a few quick pictures.
"Stop baby, bend over just a touch so I can get a shot of your pussy under your skirt," Joel pleaded
"Hehe, you're so naughty! How's this?" Shannon wiggled her ass as she bent over exposing her bare slit for her husband.
Shannon had never felt so much nervous energy in her life. The warm breeze tingled her dangling pussy lips that were exposed by her crotchless thong under her microskirt. Her nipples swelled up to hard eraser tips as her bare breasts rubbed against the thin fabric. She had never felt so alive! Seeing Joel's face as she came out of the bedroom and presented herself had steeled her resolve to show herself off in public. This was what she wanted, but had never had the confidence to do until her loving husband had brought out her inner slut. She grabbed Joel's hand with a sense of pride.
"Baby, how long will it be before I get hit on?" Shannon nervously chuckled as they walked.
Joel laughed out loud.
"The second you walk through the door all eyes will be on you," Joel stated with confidence.
"But, the real fun will begin when I leave you alone and go to the bathroom for the first time. Are you sure you're ready for it?" Joel teased.
"The question is are you?" Shannon teased back.
Looking at each other they laughed as they confidently walked into Bull Riders together.
Bull riders was a large, open, repurposed three story commercial building laid out with a giant U shaped bar in the middle of the space. Small round two and four top tall bar tables wrapped around the left side and bottom of the bar. A dance floor lined with mirrored Walls was at the bottom of the U. Pool tables and a very popular mechanical bull filled the right side of the space. The bar was at about eighty percent capacity with a line starting to form at the entrance. Music and the sound of excited conversations buzzed in the air as Joel and Shannon confidently entered.
"Holy fucking shit!" Alex slowly set his vodka tonic down and gasped as he glanced at the entrance.
"What's going on?" Ben asked Alex.
"Look towards the entrance at that piece of ass that just walked in!" Jesus Christ her skirt is short!" Alex replied with wonder in his voice.
"Fuck, you're gonna have to fight me to get to her tonight, she is smoking hot!" Ben said as he took a long drink from his Heineken.
"Shit, she has a guy with her, lucky bastard," Alex said glumly.
"Ya, well, it's not gonna stop me from making my move, he's gotta leave her alone at some point," Ben said with a devilish smile.
As Joel and Shannon walked in they quickly scanned the bar for a couple open bar stools.
"Hey I see a few seats at the bottom of the bar, let's grab those before they are gone. It's packed in here," Joel whispered in Shannon's ear.
"How about these right here honey?" Shannon pointed to two seats right near the entrance.
"No, I want you to parade past all these people and take a seat right in the middle of all the action," Joel demanded.
"Ok, I'll lead the way so you can watch who's staring at me hehe," Shannon said with a mischievous grin.
Shannon's pulse was racing as she slowly strutted past gawking and lustful eyes. She made sure to sway her hips and push out her ample 34ddd tits. Her nipples were becoming as hard and large as eraser tips and very visibly pushing out the thin material of her flimsy cowl top. All the eyes on her was as intoxicating as a drug. Time seemed to slow down as she walked the fifty feet to the end of the bar. As she walked towards the seats they had spotted she saw Tad behind the bar nodding his head in approval. Shannon smiled and winked as she slid onto her bar stool. Sitting on the stool caused her micro skirt to slide up almost to her pussy. Only by keeping her legs squeezed together was she able to prevent displaying her slit to all the hungry eyes glued to her.
"Well that was interesting! I might have just jizzed myself following you. Everyone, and I mean everyone watched you walk past!" Joel whispered in her ear with satisfaction.
Tad immediately walked over and set her Captain and Diet down in front of her.
"Great to see you guys this weekend! Dos Equis again, Joel," Tad asked.
"Haha, you don't have my drink ready for me Tad, I'm hurt," Joel said with fake hurt in his voice.
"Well, when Shannon makes an entrance like that, I'm fucking ready with drink in hand! Remember I said drinks are comped for females that make heads turn! And, my oh my Shannon you just brought down the fucking house! You look fucking amazing!" Tad said with awe.
"So is this more than just a "basic sexy outfit? Is this special enough for your Bull Riders standards?" Shannon said sarcastically as she stood up and made a slow twirl for Tad.
"That most definitely is the kind of skimpy outfit I was talking about. I'm gonna tell you right now my cock is getting harder and harder every time I look hehe. By the looks your getting, I'm not the only one feeling a semi chub. I'll be right back with your beer," Tad said as he turned to the tap.
Shannon discretely felt Joel's crotch and nodded in appreciation at the budge in his pants.
"Honey, I'm so happy this turns you on so much. We're definitely getting out of our rut. I feel so alive, maybe I can tease a little more for you tonight, what do you think?" She said.
Shannon's pussy began to get wet as she thought of teasing Tad and maybe even blatantly hitting on him tonight.
"What were you thinking?" Joel asked her.
"I want to make Tad go crazy, and blatantly tease and hit on him. I want him to visualize fucking me when he is with his girlfriend, just like I did with him last weekend," Shannon said with confidence.
"I'm all in baby," Joel agreed.
Shannon and Joel chatted about their week at work and improvements they wanted to make to their house as they finished their second and third drinks. Shannon would push out and shake her tits every time Tad came over, making sure to tell him how hot he looked tonight. His cock was visibly hard in his pants and caused Shannon to smirk every time he walked away.
Bull riders was now at full capacity and Tad was finding it harder and harder to find time to stop and chat with them. The music was pulsing on the dance floor as couples danced and gyrated on each other.
"I'm gonna run to the restroom, you gonna be ok for a few minutes?" Joel asked.
"Go ahead, I'll be fine," Shannon said hoping that Tad would come back so she could tease him again.
Joel got up and walked to the bathroom admiring all the hot women in the club. It really was quite amazing how many good looking people were here. Better yet, the women were all dressed in sexy dresses and skimpy skirts and tops. Joel glanced back and looked at his wife with pride as he moved across the dance floor to the back of the bar and the restrooms.
Alex and Ben had been watching Shannon all night, just waiting for their moment. As soon as Joel got up they left their table and slowly made their way over to the sexy piece of ass who was their target for the night. Watching her tease the bartender all night had been torturous. Ready to throw some major game Alex slid onto the stool next to Shannon while Ben stood slightly behind.
"Hello, I'm Alex and this is Ben, we were just admiring you from our table and felt we had to let you know. Can we get you a drink?" Alex asked confidently.
Shannon slowly looked them both up and down. She definitely approved and was pleased with herself that two incredibly hot guys had approached her the second Joel got up. Let the games begin Shannon thought to herself. Shannon turned her body towards Alex showing off the full length of her tanned legs in her micro skirt. For Ben she slightly leaned forward giving him a great view of the side swell of her left tit.
"I would love a drink, make sure you get my husband one while you at it. I'm sure he will be happy you had the balls to approach me. I'm Shannon, thanks so much for looking from across the bar. Isn't it better to admire up close?" Shannon replied as she crossed her legs in her tiny microskirt.
Alex and Ben gave each other knowing smiles.
"You're stunning, we have no problem getting your husband a drink. How long have you been coming to Bull Riders? I would definitely remember if I saw you before," Ben replied.
"Last week was our first time. We had such a good time thanks to Tad that we decided to make it a weekly thing. Tad dared me to wear something skimpy, so we took him up on his offer. You like what you see?" She said as she looked down at her skirt and top.
Shannon's vagina was starting to quiver from talking to these two hot men. She couldn't believe what was happening. She was blatantly flirting with these two single men while her husband was in the restroom. She loved it! Alex was tall with dark wavy hair, she could tell he was sporting some serious abs under his form fitting black dress shirt. Better yet he paired it with a pair of tailored black dress pants. Shannon absolutely loved the all black look. She glanced at his package and noticed a nice bulge that make her nipples tingle. Ben wasn't as tall as Alex but also in very good shape. He had a dark hair and was very attractive. His v neck designer t shirt showed off his toned chest and muscled arms.
"We love what we see! I think we need to buy Tad some drinks for his dare," Alex chuckled.
Tad made his way over to Alex and Ben to take their drink order, winking at Shannon with a smile on his face.
"What can I get for ya guys?...besides the lady next to you," Tad teased.
"Get Shannon and her husband another round on us, we also need three kamikaze shots for the guys, and a blowjob...shot, for the sexy lady next to us," Ben said as his eyes lustily looked over every inch of Shannon.
"Got it, be back in a sec," Tad leaned over and whispered in Shannon's ear. "Now you see why we encourage the skimpy outfits. It's a win win for both of us."
Shannon licked her lips and gave Tad her best fuck me eyes in reply.
"You guys come here a lot," Shannon asked.
"Every week, most often on Saturdays, we just finished our basketball league and are able to come on Friday and Saturday nights now," Alex answered.
Tad returned with the drinks and lined them up in front of the group. He placed Joel's beer and shot in front of Shannon. Ben and Alex grabbed a kamikaze shot and passed the blowjob shot to Shannon.
"Here's to Shannon and her head turning outfit," Ben toasted.
"Here's to Shannon and her head turning body in her head turning outfit," Alex corrected as he laughed.
"Awww, thanks so much guys, bottoms up," Shannon replied slyly.
They all drained their shots. Shannon's left whip cream over her lips which instantly caused the two guys cocks to stiffen. She playfully wiped in off with her finger and slid her finger in her mouth seductively, licking her finger clean.
"You know, if your hubby isn't here, you have to do his shot for him. It's a rule at Bull Riders,"
Ben teased.
Bens plan was to get as many drinks as possible in Shannon before her husband got back to lessen her inhibitions. Her skirt was so short it was driving him crazy, his eyes kept staring up and down her legs. He even caught a glimpse of her thong peeking out from underneath a time or two.
"Really? You sure you guys aren't trying to get me drunk so you can have your way with me," Shannon laughed.
"Tad! Tad! Is it true I have to drink my husbands shot if he is not here?" Shannon yelled across the bar.
Tad made his way over to her with a knowing smile on his face.
"Yep rule number five, no saving shots for people not at the party, that means you have to take IT...the shot I mean," Tad laughed.
"Oh, I want to take IT...and the shot," Shannon shot right back at him.
Shannon lifted Joel's kamikaze shot and tossed it back as the three hot men around her cheered. She was beginning to feel the buzz, and was slowly felt her inhibitions lessen even more. She loved the attention she was getting from the three men and decided to push the envelope a bit and reached over and felt Alex's chest.
"Wow, nice chest, rock hard just like I like them," Shannon teased with a glint in her eye.
Joel left the bathroom and made his way back to the bar. As he exited the dance floor he couldn't believe what he saw. Shannon had two hot guys sitting next to her. She was obviously flirting with them because she reached over and felt up and down the tall guys chest next to her. His cocked jumped up again, fully engorging as blood pumped into it from his instant arousal. He decided right there to make things very interesting for them tonight.
Alex was about to reply when her husband walked up behind them.
"Hey honey, everything alright?" Joel asked Shannon teasingly.
"Everything is more than great honey," Shannon sexily replied.
"I'm sorry here's your chair back," Alex nervously answered.
"Hi, I'm Joel, no, no, keep the seat, I'll stand for awhile, besides, I think my wife is enjoying you guys and your company," Joel told him with confidence.
Ben jumped in immediately. "I'm Ben and this is Alex," we came over to tell Shannon how amazing she looks! Hope you don't mind," Ben said.
"Haha, no, you came over to hit on her, I don't blame you,". Joel said slyly. "No worries, we come here so she can flirt with guys. We love the attention don't we honey," Joel replied as he stroked his wife's arm.
"We love it more and more every week! Hehe," Shannon smiled.
The four of them carried on a great conversation for over and hour. The alcohol was flowing freely and the sexual tension was thick in the air. While deep in conversation Shannon and Alex had slowly turned their chairs towards each other. Ben was standing right next to the two of them with his back to the crowd. As he stood behind Shannon, Joel decided to ramp things up a bit and test his wife's ability to fuck with the horny guys minds.
"I want you to cross and uncross your legs so they get a peek of your pussy," Joel quietly whispered in her ear.
Shannon turned her head to look at him and grinned mischievously.
"Just what I was thinking baby, you must have been reading my mind," she whispered back.
Shannon slowly spread her legs that she had kept tightly together all night. As her legs crept open, her micro skirt rose up and exposed her pink pussy lips peeking out from her crotchless thong. She then slowly crossed her legs like it was nothing. Inside her heart was beating furiously as her pussy was exposed for the first time ever to strangers. The thrill was amazing, she felt Joel squeeze her shoulder in appreciation as she executed the tease.
Alex was mesmerized as Shannon's pussy came into full view for a few brief seconds. The sight of her pussy lips peeking out of crotchless panties made him cough out loud and almost spit out his drink. His 8.5 inch cock was thickening by the second, causing a visible bulge in his tight pants. Ben had totally missed the display as he was taking a sip of his drink. Alex tried to pretend like nothing happened, but his excitement at seeing such a beautiful pussy was like nothing he had felt in years.
Shannon was really feeling the buzz so she decided to make another move on her own.
"I want to feel your chests and your abs, do you guys mind? I've been thinking about your abs all night. It's been years since I've felt a washboard stomach," Shannon teased.
"Come on guys let her feel you up," Joel laughed.
"We're all yours baby, feel away, we work hard to keep these abs," Ben answered proudly.
Both guys stood up in front of Shannon within a foot of the front of her stool. She reached out and slowly rubbed her hands up and down each guys chest. She felt the six pack muscles and toned chests up and down, massaging her fingers over the tight ripples. Her nipples were rock hard and aching from the excitement of touching men other than her husband. Pussy juices drenched her wanting snatch. As she took her hands off she lightly brushed her hands over each guys crotch. She nodded and winked her approval to them each.
"Amazing bodies guys! I love the six packs...so hard. I bet the ladies really love rubbing up and down on those chests," ...and other things! I know I did there!" Shannon told them in a fuck me voice.
"I know a chest that I want to rub up and down," Alex said with a devilish grin.
"I think I know what chest you are talking about," Joel laughed, "It's epic, let my tell you! more shots guys, let's do this"
Tad brought over another round of shots saying they were on the house. The foursome downed the shots while giving each other high fives.
"Open your legs and cross them again," Joel whispered in Shannon's ear.
Shannon uncrossed her legs and squeezed them together again, but after ten seconds she turned her head made eye contact with Joel for a second then turned back around and slowly opened her legs about four inches, Totally exposing herself to both men. Her heart was beating like a bass drum as she waited for them both to notice. Pussy lips glistening with her dripping pussy juice were on full display. She continued to chat as if nothing was different as both men visibly gawked in wonder.
"Umm, you might want to cross your legs Shannon," Ben said regretfully, not wanting her to be accidentally exposing herself.
Joel didn't let his wife reply.
"I'm pretty sure she wants you to see. It's been along time since another man has seen that beautiful flower," Joel told him.
"You guys like my thong," Shannon whispered to them.
"It's perfect you sexy bitch, you sure do like to tease don't you," Alex stated forcefully.
"My heart and cock can't take this," Ben laughed. "Fucking awesome!"
"Why don't you guys take her to the dance floor? She hasn't been dancing in years and I'm not much of a dancer. I would appreciate it," Joel told them.
"Are you sure honey? I don't want to leave you here all by yourself," Shannon asked hoping that he would tell her to go.
"Ya, I'm gonna finish this beer, then head to the restroom, you have fun, I'll be right here," Joel told her with confidence.
"I'll finish my drink then hit the restroom also. Alex take her out, I'll take over in a while," Ben told them.
"It's on sexy, let's go burn up the dance floor," Alex replied.
Alex grabbed Shannon's hand and lead her out to the back of the dance floor by the mirrored wall. Shannon and Alex began to move their bodies seductively to the pulse of the music. Alex was totally mesmerized by the swaying of her huge tits, the skirt barely covering her ass and pussy and the sweat starting to shimmer over her whole body. He was totally in awe of the scantily clad goddess as they gyrated to the beat of the music.
Shannon couldn't believe this was happening. She was so turned on her pussy was leaking like a faucet down the insides of her thighs. Alex was so hot and his body was perfect. She couldn't stop herself from staring at his ample package. She put her hands on his chest and moved in close.
When Shannon put her hands on his chest, Alex decided to fucking go for it. He was gonna give her an experience she would remember. He put his firm hands on her bare waist and pulled her close. They slowly began to grind to the music. He slid his right leg between her legs and pulled her even closer.
When Alex slid his leg between her legs she couldn't take it anymore. She put one arm around his neck and pulled herself close. She began to grind her pussy up and down on his leg in a circular motion matching the beat of the song. She was in a trance as they moved and ground and bumped their bodies together.
Alex put his right hand on Shannon's ass and squeezed as he raised his right arm in the air to move to the pulsating beat. Shannon's pussy rubbing on his leg caused Alex's cock to spring to full erection. His cock head was forcing its way out the top of his pants with every gyration of her hips on him.
Shannon's wet pussy was leaving a wet spot on his pants that he could feel down to his skin. Her massive tits were swaying back and forth right in front of his chest. With one swipe of his hand he could have easily freed them. They both continued to dance and sexually grind their now sweat glistened bodies against each other.
At the bar Ben excused himself to the restroom while Joel finished his beer. This was just the escape Joel wanted. As soon as Ben got up he slowly made his way to the dance floor with his phone ready so he could snap some picks of his wife dancing with a hot stud. He saw her in the back grinding on his leg. Alex's hand was on her ass. Joel cock oozed precum as he stealthily snapped pictures to remember the moment.
Ben emerged from the bathroom and quickly made his way to Alex and Shannon on the dance floor. Ben was immediately aroused by what he saw. Alex had his hand on Shannon's ass as she ground her pussy into his leg.
"Is it my turn," Ben breathe heavily in Shannon's ear as he came up behind her on the dance floor.
"I think you guys can share me," Shannon answered back quickly.
Shannon turned to face Ben, putting both arms around his neck. She bent over slightly using her ass to push Alex back against the mirrored wall. Alex grabbed her hips and began to grind his swollen crotch on her ass.
"Holy shit!" Ben muttered under his breath as he stared at Shannon's massive swaying tits tantalizingly teasing him.
As she bent over grinding her ass on Alex, Shannon's tits fell out of her cowl drape top in full view of Ben. She lightly pressed her lips on his neck as all three erotically moved in rhythm to the music.
"Unnnnn," Shannon moaned in Ben's ear. The feeling of Alex's large cock on her ass was putting her in a state of ecstasy.
"Pull up the back of my skirt Ben, I want him to grind his hard cock on my bare ass as you hold me!" Shannon moaned in his ear.
Ben lifted up the back of Shannon's skirt so Alex could grind on her bare ass. The guys winked and high fived each other. Dancing with such a horny piece of ass had definitely made their night.
Shannon's body was quivering with electricity as she began to squat and bounce her body up and down between them. Every time she bounced down, her skirt rode up exposing her swollen pussy lips and ass. People were beginning to take notice and slowly turned towards them watching the show. The sweat soaked cowl top clung to her tits as she squatted down with her face right in front of bens budging crotch. The closeness to Ben's cock sent a second waterfall of wetness down the insides of her thighs. Turning to face Alex she bounced down in front of his package. As she turned she noticed in the mirrored wall that quite a few people on the dance floor were watching her every move. She smiled naughtily to herself with satisfaction. When the song finished she grabbed both guys hands.
"Let's go find Joel, and have a drink before last call," Shannon told the boys as she lead them off the dance floor.
"You get some good pics?" Tad asked Joel as he walked back up to the bar at sat on his stool.
"Fucking epic Tad, she looked amazing out there! Can't wait to show her the pics!" Joel answered back.
"Listen, I want to talk to you about making this a regular thing. Tonight I've talked three other ladies in to coming back next week in skimpier outfits because of the attention they saw Shannon getting. I will comp all your drinks and cover charge if you guys show up every weekend and do your thing. Plus, I'll have our driver pick you up and drive you home in the exclusive Bull Riders club van. That way you never have to worry about a DUI. How about it?" Tad proposed.
"Wow, I don't know what to say, it's an amazing opportunity that I'm sure I can talk her into. I just wish we had that ride home tonight. Both of us are pretty wasted hehe," Joel snickered.
"Tell you what, I will personally drive you home in the van tonight at closing if you shake on my agreement right now. You guys can pick up your car tomorrow with no worries," Tad said.
"Deal, we'll be here every weekend doing our thing, how about another beer since I'm not driving now?" Joel grinned.
Shannon sat down on the stool next to Joel shimmering with sweat as the panting guys stood behind them both.
"Hey baby, the boys really showed me a good time on the dance floor! We're gonna get another round before last call. Dancing can make you real thirsty for a lot of things," Shannon smirked as she boldly stared at Alex and Ben's cocks.
"Already on the way guys, I saw you heading back and ordered the last round," Joel replied.
Thanks for letting us dance with her Joel! She was fucking amazing out there. My cock is still throbbing!" Ben mischievously added.
"Anytime guys, why don't you give her your numbers so we can meet up again soon," Joel told them.
"You sure you don't need us to take you home, you guys are pretty drunk," Alex hinted with hope in his voice. Alex wanted nothing more than to ravage this horny sluts body.
"Thanks, but we have a ride home already," Joel told them sadly.
Shannon looked at Joel with a questioning look on her face, wondering what he was talking about.
"It's ok, Tad and I worked out an agreement. He's offered to take us home in the Bull Riders club van. I'll fill in the details when we get home," Joel whispered in her ear as he lightly kissed her cheek.
The lights came up in the bar and Tad and Ben gave Shannon their numbers promising her that they would meet up again soon. They both tightly hugged Shannon pressing her ample chest into them. They shook Joel's hand and headed to the door very blue balled with forlorn looks on their faces.
"Poor guys, you teased them to the brink of submission," Joel laughed.
"And I know you loved every second of it," Shannon cooed back.
"You guys ready? Your chariot awaits?" Tad laughed.
Tad climbed into the drivers seat of the black club van. The windows were limo tinted all around and the outside had a giant black silhouette of a bull bucking with a topless women riding it's back. The van had two rows of bench seats behind the driver with about six feet of open carpeted area behind the second row of seating. Shannon wondered why a club van only had two rows of bench seating, but quickly dismissed it in her buzzed haze. She sat right in the middle of the bench so she could see Tad in the rear view mirror. Joel climbed into the front passenger seat next to Tad.
"Sorry Joel, you have to ride in the back. Only employees are allowed in the front. Besides I'm sure you will enjoy yourself much more back there," Tad said as he looked longingly at Shannon.
"No problem," Joel replied as he climbed in back and slid in next to his hot wife.
Joel put his arm around his wife as he relaxed next to her for the ride home. Tad entered the address in the gps making sure to program the route for the longest amount of time home.
"Shannon you looked amazing tonight, you really had the two guys hitting on you worked up!" Tad snickered.
"Thanks Tad, you were right, skimpier outfits are the way to go at your bar. I can't wait to see what you think of what I'm wearing next week," Shannon said with a devious tone.
Tad peered in the rear view mirror oogling Shannon's stacked body. He was kind of disappointed he didn't get much of a chance to flirt with her tonight, but that was one the disadvantages of running a profitable business.
Shannon caught Tad staring at her though the rear view mirror and was instantly aroused again. She loved the way he was mentally fucking her with his eyes. Being really buzzed gave her fuel to push her limits again. She slowly opened her legs up exposing her crotchless thong with pussy lips hanging out.
"What do you think of this view? Do you like what you see Tad?" Shannon asked him in a slutty voice.
"Fuck yes I do, I was thinking about a glimpse of that all night! You are so fucking hot!" Tad throatily replied.
Joel loved what was happening and decided to up the ante. With his right arm he released her tits from the cowl top.
"What about these Tad? How bad did you want to see these amazing tits, look how big and hard her nipples are!" Joel says as he exposed his wife.
"Those are the best tits I have ever seen," Tad gasped, trying not to crash off the side of the road.
Shannon began to moan quietly as Joel exposed her to Tad. She wanted nothing more than to take a hard cock right now. Her sexual tension had reached its crescendo and she needed a release. She took Joel's hand and placed it on her inner thigh.
"Look at his hands rubbing my thighs right now Tad! How does it look to see me groped in front of you?" Do you want a piece of this pussy?" Shannon panted.
All Tad said was "Fuuucckkk!"
Joel spread her legs open even wider as he rubbed and massaged Shannon's inner thighs in front of Tad. He lightly brushed his fingers over her dangling pussy lips causing her to moan in need. With his left hand her cupped her breast and lightly squeezed her rock hard nipple.
Joel was amazed as he felt how wet Shannon's inner thighs were. The crotchless thong had caused all her seeping pussy juices to run down her inner thighs creating a slick sheen. He slid two fingers in her pussy as Shannon bucked.
"Look Tad her fucking pussy is dripping for you! She is thinking about you taking her with your hard cock!" Joel forcefully stated to Tad.
Shannon moaned as her sopping pussy was finger fucked in front of Tad. They were giving him the show of his life. Shannon grabbed her 34ddd tits as she gyrated on Joel's delving fingers rubbing on her g-spot.
"You guys are killing me right now, but don't fucking stop. This is amazing! You two are so fucking hot," Tad replied.
"Tad, I need Joel to fuck me right NOW! So don't fucking crash the van ok!" Shannon cried.
She unzipped Joel's pants and pulled out Joel's precum dripping six inch cock. Stroking it up and Down. She moaned as she squeezed his precum out and wiped it on her pussy lips. She took his cock in her mouth. She bobbed up and down as Tad stared in the rear view mirror while trying not to rear end the car in front of him. Tad unzipped his pants and pulled out his engorged thick 8 inch manhood. He slowly jacked himself off as Shannon blew her husband in the seat behind him. Shannon looked up to see Tad watching and it excited her even more. She crouched up and removed Joel's pants. Next she slid him over so he was right in the middle of the bench to give Tad the best view.
"Tad I'm going to imagine fucking you now!" She groaned.
Shannon lifted her skirt up past her belly button and slowly lowered her dripping pussy onto her husbands throbbing shaft reverse cowgirl style. She looked into Tads eyes as she fucked, slowing sliding his cock in and out of her pussy. She bent over, grabbed the back of Tads seat and moaned loudly when she saw him with his cock out masturbating. She started to rhythmically bounce up and down on her husbands cock as she talked dirty to Tad.
"Mmmmmm, Tad your cock feels so fucking good in my pussy. Take me now! Fuck me hard! Ohhhh Fuccckkkk! Taaaaaddddd! Shannon screamed in the moving van.
Joel was getting so turned on by Shannon talking about fucking Tad right in front of him that he stood her up and bent her over and began wildly slamming his cock into her doggy style. Her head was only two feet away from Tads pulsing cock.
Shannon watched Tad with pure lust in her heart as he madly stroked his thick cock. He began to whisper to her as she was getting railed from behind.
"Ohhh shannon, I'm going to fill your pussy up with my cum. Then I'll take you again with it still dripping out of you! Take that cock and imagine it's mine slamming you!" Tad groaned.
"Omg! Joel...Tad, I'm cummmmmminnggg!" Shannon's whole body convulsed as she exploded on her husbands cock.
Tads dirty talk had pushed her over the edge and she wanted nothing more than to return the favor.
"Honey, I want more, keep fucking me! I want to see Tad blow his load!" Shannon moaned.
Joel began to pound Shannon's sopped pussy with a renewed vigor. She ground and thrust on her husband like she had never done before. Her cum dripped down Joel's shaft creating a white sheen.
"I want to you to fuck me like this so bad Tad! Mmmmm...stroke your cock, imagine what my pussy is gonna feel like when you take me! Stroke that cock, cum for me Tad!" Shannon screamed!
Tad pulled into the driveway of their house and slammed the van into park. He pistoned his palm up and down on his cock imagining himself thrusting deep into Shannon's pussy.
"Yessss Shannon! Her it cums!" Tad moaned loudly.
Tads jizz erupted from his cock shooting all over his chest and Shannon's arm. The second Tad came Joel erupted.
"Ahhhhhhhh baby! Imagine it's Tad cumming in you right now!" Joel shouted.
Joel's cum erupted from his cock head spewing deep into her pussy. The image of Tads jizz filling her pussy caused Shannon to orgasm for a second time.
"Gaaaaawwwddddddd! I'm cumming again baby! His cum feels so good in me!" Shannon screamed out loud.
"Holy shit guys, you are insatiable," Tad said as he tucked his cock back into his pants. "How am I gonna explain this cum covered shirt to the guys when I get back?" Tad laughed nervously.
"I'm sure you'll figure something out Shannon said playfully. Thanks for the ride sexy, see you next week!"
Shannon climbed out of the club van with cum visibly dripping down the insides of her thighs. She turned, looked at Tad, wiped some of his cum off her arm, reached between her legs and rubbed it on her pussy lips. She winked, turned and grabbed her husbands hand as they entered the house.
End part 2