The abduction
I'm driving home from work. It's been a long-ass day at the office; my boss has had me working on some very involved problem for the last three weeks, and I'm not sure solving it will help anyone at all. Ugh, whatever, he's the boss. I try to put work out of my head.
​It's dark already. I'm driving along a blank stretch of highway, and it occurs to me that there are no other cars in sight. That's weird; I've never seen it so deserted at this time of night. I start to feel just a little bit creeped out. My skin is prickly, and my stomach is sort of sloshing around. Then, suddenly, all the street lights and my headlights go out at once, like fucking Dumbledore clicked his put-outer or something! The road ahead of me is plunged into darkness, and I can't see anything!
"Shit!" I careen over to the side of the road. Not sure what the hell I'm supposed to do now, but there's no way I can keep driving into a black void at 70 miles per hour. I hit the light on the ceiling of my car; nothing happens. I take out my phone, and it's fucking dead! Even though I swear it was like half-charged when I left work. Fuckity fuck!
For several moments, I just stare blankly into the darkness. I'm miles from anywhere, with no lights and no phone. The darkness feels bizarre to me. Is it always this pitch-black at night? Shouldn't there be some stars or light pollution or something? I get out of my car to stare up at the sky. I look up, up, up...nada. Nothing. Nothing but a great big black void. Then I feel something move in the darkness above me, something huge as the sky and absolutely silent. I feel a lurch of horror in my midsection, and blind panic buzzing in my mind, and then--
XXX
I wake up on a round bed that seems to be sitting on some kind of platform. I'm flat on my back, arms and legs spread wide like I'm making a snow angel. I am completely naked.
Now, this wouldn't bother me, necessarily--the duvet I'm laying on is very comfortable, and the temperature feels balmy and warm. But the thing is, I'm not alone. I look around me and gasp: there are at least 12 creatures standing around the bed staring at me intently.
​The creatures should be terrifying. They are a light pink, sort of fleshy color, and they look rather squishy, like they're made of jello wrapped in cellophane. They have three eyes each, round and liquid black, set into their faces. They look like mushy pink ghosts; I don't see any mouths or limbs at all.
Like I said, they should be terrifying...but I find that I am strangely calm. I mean, I'm slowly realizing that these things probably alien-abducted me, and I very well may be on my way to a slow, horrific death. But looking into their little pink faces, with their round black eyes, I find that, inexplicably, I trust them. I don't think they'll hurt me.
​I try to sit up, but I'm sort of plastered flat to the bed. Not with ropes or anything; it feels more like I'm a magnet, and the bed is the refrigerator. I decide to try speaking to these creatures.
​"Uh, hi. Hello. Where am I? What's going on?"
One of the creatures moves forward and a little appendage, about the size of a pinky finger, sprouts from the top of its pink head. The appendage glows with a soft, warm light that blinks in a complicated pattern. The creature is looking at me expectantly. I'm lost. I can only shake my head helplessly. The other aliens all sprout similar appendages, and they start blinking with their silly little teletubby lights back and forth to each other.
Apparently, they use the lights as some sort of alien morse code. Delightful, but I am completely lost--there's no hope I'll understand what they're saying. And it doesn't seem like the aliens can understand me either. So I decide to just lie back and trust that these odd little creatures are not going to kill me. They look so harmless. What could they even do? Blink me to death with their head-finger-lights? Hopefully they'll just observe me for a little bit and then put me safely back on earth. I sigh, ready for whatever comes next.
The seduction.
We finally have procured a human! I am so excited. My colleagues and I made the human a little nest based on careful study of its home planet. The temperature and atmospheric composition should be optimal. The being seems comfortable enough; the calming gasses we pumped into the observation chamber are working well.
​I tried to communicate with the human, though I knew it was futile. Humans do not understand the elegant language of light. Instead, they communicate through guttural sounds emitted through the vibration of tenuous chords in the throat. Sort of disgusting, but so fascinating!
We have learned much about human physicality through excavation of human morgues; we are not a violent species. We are simply curious. And there are some things one can only learn through interaction with a live specimen.
My colleagues and I are eager to get started. We are all standing around the human, babbling.
"Great job with the duvet, Alex! The human looks very comfortable." I flash to my colleague.
"Why, thank you! I took it from a great warehouse filled with many human appliances. I wonder if their species is stockpiling goods for the end-times?" Alex's bulb is flashing quickly in excitement.
"Maybe we can teach it to communicate, and then we can ask it questions about its culture!" flashes Ollie.
"Maybe, maybe...but first thing's first," flashes Pat, ever-serious. "We should get started on the physical exam."
"You're right, Pat," I flash, stepping closer to the human. I was chosen to head this research project. I'm a bit nervous, but mostly excited--this is the biggest project I've ever led, and it's basically a dream come true for me. I definitely have a soft spot for humans. They are such fascinating creatures! But this is the first time I've ever been so close to a live one before. I peel an arm away from my amorphous main form and start to lightly brush my 11 thin, flexible fingers over the human's form.
The human is a female. Humans are sexually dimorphous, which means that their species is primarily divided into two sexes--male and female--though there are many other naturally-occurring variations. Like I said, a fascinating species. I brush my fingers over her face, then down over the fleshy mounds on her chest, and then down the stomach, trailing lightly, looking for any physical responses to stimulation. My colleagues observe carefully as well.
As my fingers reach the nexus between her legs, the human gasps softly. I hover over the spot; this is interesting! There seems to be something important here. I trail my fingers lightly back and forth, and the human arches her back and spreads her legs further apart. I can feel some sort of lubrication within the fleshy folds between her legs. Fascinating...very fascinating. The human is sort of panting now, and...oh, dear gods....
I find that my tentacle is becoming aroused! No, please, not here. Not in front of all of my colleagues! I will my tentacle to stay put, stay hidden within the soft mush of my body. But it has a mind of its own, and it reacts to sexual stimuli. Which must mean...hmmm, I believe I've found the human female sex organ! I am so excited by this discovery that it almost dulls the embarrassment when my tentacle finally peaks out from my body and begins to weave through the air.
I look up at my colleagues, cringing. "I apologize, everyone. It was not my intention to sexually arouse myself, let me assure you. But I do believe that I've found the female sex organ!"
I notice that several of my colleagues seem to be fighting back their own tentacles. All around me, I see tendril-like tentacles peaking through soft flesh. Some of my colleagues try to hold the tentacles down with their long, thin fingers, but the tentacles are extremely slippery, and our fingers are not particularly dextrous. The tentacles slip right through the weak grasp of the fingers, and begin to weave about in the air.
"Okay, everyone, I understand that this is an unexpected circumstance. But this is extremely unprofessional, and we should all leave now," flashes Pat.
"Now, hang on a minute," flashes Alex. "Shouldn't we see what happens? For science? This is the first time our two species are interacting face-to-face; it's a momentous occasion!"
"I'm with Alex," flashes Fran. "I want to see what happens next! We shouldn't run away just because things get a bit weird."
Everyone looks toward me. As the leader of this project, ultimately, it is my call whether or not this particular experiment should continue.
I wish I could say it was purely the excitement of scientific discovery that drives me, but honestly, I can feel my tentacle pulsing through the air, quivering to meet with the human's moist folds.
"Let's keep going. For science," I flash.
Pat's gelatinous form vibrates with disapproval. "I'm out of here!" Pat flashes, and then departs from the observation chamber.
With Pat gone, everyone else shares a look of camaraderie. We're in this together now, and there's no going back. 11 tentacles are weaving through the air now, though none are as close to the human girl as mine is.
Only a minute or so has passed while we've had this conversation. I look back down at the human, who, I'm startled to see, has started rubbing her folds with her own jointed fingers. She is sort of moaning and panting now, and my tentacle quickly becomes even more engorged. It strains toward the girl.
My tentacle is hovering now just above the human's flesh. Am I really going to let it touch her? My gods, I want to. I want to touch her so bad. But I'm not sure, exactly, what will happen. This is unprecedented. Not to mention, all of my coworkers are watching me, with their own tentacles similarly engorged.
All of a sudden, as if it's sick of waiting for me to make up my mind, my tentacle twitches forward and slips within the slick, glistening folds between the human's legs. The girl gasps. Her mouth falls open, and she moans loudly and begins to rub herself up and down the tip of my tentacle. And oh gods, oh gods, nothing has ever felt as good as this. An intoxicating rush of wild, frenetic happiness, sweet as celestial nectar, seems to flow from the girl's sex organ, through my tentacle, and into my body, my mind, my soul, and then back again, reverberating between us and growing stronger with each wave, until I think that my body will disintegrate from sheer ecstasy.
My colleagues have inched closer throughout this demonstration, and I can see that their forms are vibrating with barely-contained lust. All I've been capable of flashing has been "Oh gods yes, oh gods" etc, etc. but I think they've got the gist--this is definitely a positive experience. Now, I feel their tentacles slip between the girl's folds next to my own. First Alex's, then Billy's, and oh, it feels so lovely to have their slippery little tentacles writhing and pulsing next to mine. The girl rides us all, and her vaginal opening pulses with pleasure again and again like waves cresting and crashing on the shores of heaven.
Finally, we are all spent, sated and happy. And all I can think is, thank the gods for this girl.
The after
I'm not sure how long I spent getting railed by a bunch of aliens. It could have been ten minutes, or 10 hours, or 10 days. All I know is, after the literal best sex I've ever had--seriously nothing before has even come close, and I doubt anything after will, either--I promptly fell asleep from sheer happy exhaustion.
​And then...I woke up back in my bed at home. But, I don't know...something deep inside tells me they'll be back. You see, when I woke up this morning, I had the oddest sensation--like I had to poop, but it wasn't a poop, you know? I squeezed, and a tiny blue egg the size of a walnu emerged from my bootyhole. So. You know. I figure they'll want to meet the little critter inside.
Now we wait.