Let me just start off by saying that I have never seen Katie's parents naked, ok? I never have, and I never want to.
Katie had been my best friend since middle school, when she and her family moved to my neighborhood from California. Today, Katie and I had taken our last final exams of high school, and to celebrate, we were sleeping over at her house. We were going off to far-flung colleges in the fall, and vaguely I was aware that there was hard work and late nights of studying ahead of me. I'd been told it was harder than anything I'd ever done before.
But for right now, I got a small thrill every time I reminded myself that I had no homework left, no summer reading left, nothing. I was done!
Katie and I were in her family room, watching as many of the silly movies we had rented from the grocery store as we possibly could.
Look, guys, let me make this clear right from the start: Katie and I were not and are not lesbians. If you want to know what I was wearing, you pervert, I was wearing jeans and a college t-shirt, and yes, I had on plain white panties and a bra underneath them.
Katie was dressed similarly. Sorry, no silky nighties or prancing around in nothing but our moist, see-through panties. This isn't that kind of a story.
One thing, though, if you like this sort of thing, ok, our feet were bare, and we had painted our toenails together earlier in the afternoon. I'm happy for you if that floats your boat. But here's the thing.
I had known for a while that Katie and her parents had gone to nude beaches when they lived in California.
I could never quite understand that. My own parents were divorced, and whenever I stayed with my dad he was pretty uptight, never even walking around in pajamas like my mother did. We never went to the neighborhood pool together, at least not once I started to go through puberty. And the thought of being naked in front of either one of my parents, much less both of them, and dear God the thought of them being naked in front of me, was just not something that could ever get itself inside my head.
Katie had eventually even told me that, now that they lived here in the east, she was still allowed to be naked inside the house at any time she wanted to be. It simply wasn't an issue, she said. The same was true for her older brother, who by this point was already away as a freshman at college. As time went by and they assimilated into eastern urban living, the way it played out was that any one of them might go from one room to another, like from the bedroom to bathroom or back again without getting dressed, and they would think nothing of passing another family member in the hall along the way. But they did not go out of their way to be nude in their new home. It was not like it was "all naked, all the time." I don't think I would ever have gone to Katie's house if that was how it was.
Still, Katie was assuring me tonight, the house rule was that clothing, inside their home, was always optional.
Always.
We had been bitching about the lame senior prank that our class had come up with. We had picked a day in early May, just before finals started, and the senior class decided we would all ride our bikes to school that day. The class president had even worked it out with the local police department that the roads in the area of the school would be closed off to cars that morning, and even the Mayor had agreed to ride her bike along with us. Sure, it was pretty lame, but in the modern world, if we had tried a senior class prank like all of us cross-dressing, or impersonating our teachers or something, we probably would have been arrested and expelled from school.
Still, that night after the last exam, Katie and I were throwing out ideas for better senior pranks, and as the evening went on, our ideas got wilder and wilder. When I half-jokingly suggested that we should go skinny dipping in the pond that was about a half of a mile from Katie's house, she wouldn't let it go. Every time I came up with a newer idea, Katie was still stuck on the logistics of how we could get to the pond and where we would hide our clothes and what we would do while we were there in the nude.
I never actually agreed to go skinny dipping with her, but by about 10:00 at night we were both showing signs of being seriously tired. That's no surprise, as we had just been through a tough week of final exams. As we watched our movie, I noticed Katie fading in and out of sleep. Then I woke to find her touching my shoulder and whispering to me. "Hey, let's go get a nap." It was me this time who had fallen asleep. "Ok," I managed to say through my sleepiness. "Let's meet in my room at midnight and we'll go outside," she said, with a wicked smile. I raised my head, intrigued by the expression on her face. "We're going to go skinny dipping tonight. Meet me in my room at midnight," she paused, looking at me, and then added, "and be naked." She gave her shoulders a little shake as she said "and be naked" that said she was really enjoying this idea.
I was shocked at her attitude. I could, I guess, understand and go along with her idea that we would go to the pond at midnight and, in the darkness, get naked behind the trees and go skinny dipping, but this was not at all what she was suggesting. She wanted us both to get naked here in our respective rooms in the house, and then take our bare bodies outside into the neighborhood, and walk the half-mile to the pond without any clothes on, and go for a swim. And then, of course, we would have to walk back.
It should go without saying that, at that point in my life, no one had seen me naked (not since I was a babe in diapers, anyway). Strolling out through the night air with no clothing on might have been a normal occurrence for Katie, but it was a new and unthinkable experience for me.
I was staying in the "guest room" in Katie's house -- really, her brother's room, until he had gone off to college last fall. To "be naked" when I showed up in Katie's room, as she had just suggested, meant that I would have to undress alone in the guest room, then sneak down the hall of her parent's house in my birthday suit to Katie's room , and then the two of us would have to go outside and walk the half-mile or so from her bedroom to the pond, both completely naked. In all of the time, from going to meet up with Katie in her bedroom, to leaving her room into the outdoors under the moonlight, to swimming in the little neighborhood pond, and then all the way back, Katie was expecting me to be bare-assed naked. And to make matters worse, much of the distance, as I thought about it, would be out in the wide open, midnight or no midnight, with no cover for our 18-year-old bodies. Anyone who drove by or jogged by or walked their goddamn dog by would see our naked young bodies and there was really nothing Katie and I would be able to do about it.
This, naturally, was why Katie had suggested it in the first place.
Of course, I could show up at Katie's room at midnight in my nightie or a robe or even in my bra and panties instead of buck naked, and it wasn't like she could fire me or send me home. Still, this was something I needed to think about carefully. After all, the skinny dipping was my idea in the first place. Why had I even suggested it in the first place? I held on to the possibility of showing up at midnight without being naked and exchanged "have a good nap" wishes with Katie and went along to the guest room.
At first I just took off my jeans, telling myself that it was because they were a little tight, and I stretched out on the bed to get a little rest, wearing my t-shirt and bra and panties. I got a slight tingle in my private region from lying there on top of the bed in someone else's house with my panties and my thighs and my legs exposed to the cool night air. Although I could usually get myself to nap for an hour fairly reliably (and I even set the alarm on my phone to make sure I didn't sleep past midnight), to my frustration, I found that I couldn't fall asleep.
I thought about my appointment to be in Katie's room, naked, at midnight. I imagined myself leaving the guest bedroom, and opening the door ever so slightly first to make sure no one was in the hall before I slipped out there in the buff and left the safety of my clothes behind and went to meet her. But in the quiet room by myself, I wasn't even ready to take off my shirt or my underwear.
In frustration from my inability to sleep, I eventually stood up out of the bed. I had finally worked myself up to the courage that I was just going to strip myself naked right here and now and get ready for midnight, but once my bare feet hit the cold floor of the guest room, I lost an ounce of nerve. I stood there in my shirt, bra and panties for the longest time, frozen to the spot, straining to hear any noise in Katie's house that might threaten my privacy.
I heard none.
Gradually, over the ensuing minutes, I slipped my t-shirt over my head and laid it out carefully on the foot of the bed. I was still covered by my bra and panties. I desperately wanted to take these off, too, to be as naked as the day I was born in someone else's house, but it felt as though my arms were paralyzed.
I stood there in the strange room, dressed in only my underwear, unable to move, still listening carefully to the quiet night. But there was nothing, no sound.
The silence encouraged me, so I reached behind me and unclasped my bra and let it fall into my hands, exposing my breasts to the night air in the strange room. I imagined myself walking outside of the house and to the pond in this state of partial undress. I knew that even at midnight in this neighborhood an occasional car could be expected to go by. I imagined myself walking along in the darkness with my tits out like they were now, being suddenly confronted by a passing car, knowing that the people inside were seeing me like this, and not knowing who was inside it or what their reaction to my naked flesh in the night might be.
It took me several minutes to get used to the fury of feelings that this fantasy sent through my body. Shame and pride and defiance and arousal and an instinct to hide myself all contended in my mind. The result was that I stood stock still in the strange room, acutely aware as the moments ticked by that all I was wearing was a pair of simple white panties covering my most secret of secrets.
Could I slip them down and off of my body and really stand here naked? Was I prepared to go where that nakedness was destined to lead me? To Katie's room, nude, to greet her there, and then to the quiet dark outdoors, for an incredibly risky naked walk to the pond?
I stood still, waiting for my heart to slow down to normal.
As the moments ticked slowly past, my confidence grew, and my desire to do this thing slowly crept around my thighs and through my belly and to my breasts, to my swollen nipples, and the voice inside me said "yes! I want to do this! I want to stroll up the dark street completely naked with Katie and go skinny dipping in the pond with her." I said this to myself again, hoping that the repetition of it would help me believe it.
So, deliberately, as though showing myself that I had the will to do it, I thrust my panties down quickly over my hips and let them fall to the floor, and I immediately stepped out of them. There. I was naked. I was standing absolutely stark naked in the night, in the strange room that had been Katie's brother's bedroom before he left for college. I stood still for a moment, my feet a bit apart, and reveled in the feeling of the night air on my naked body for a few minutes. I was acutely aware of every nerve ending in the parts of my body that were not used to being bare when I wasn't taking a shower or changing my clothes. I envisioned myself in this naked state leaving the relative safety of this room and walking down the hall of Katie's house, where anyone in Katie's family could see me. My belly tingled and my nipples practically throbbed at the thought.
Then I realized that I still had almost half an hour before I was due, naked, in Katie's room.
Taking care to be as quiet as I could, I stretched out completely naked on top of the bed in my room. I lay there trying to relax every muscle in my body, taking secret pleasure in my nudity. Without thinking, I let one hand roam around one breast, then the other, playfully brushing my nipples, and then along my smooth thighs. I know Katie had always told me that nudism wasn't about sex, but I felt incredibly sexy being nude like this, especially being nude in someone else's house. I ran a finger along my sex and my outer lips parted easily. My finger came away moist and I wiped it dry on the top of my thigh.
I rolled my head to look at the door and imagined myself stepping out through it and into the hallway totally naked, a few moments before midnight, to stride down to Katie's room. I imagined being confronted in my nude walk by Katie's father, and my hand returned to my sex at the thought of how that confrontation might go, her father modestly dressed in pajamas in my mind while there I was, just as naked as I am right now, trying to remember that it was my right in this house to be naked just as Katie had permission to go bare any time she wanted to be. I didn't have to cover up or explain myself, but how would I feel being completely and totally exposed to this man? Would he grow a bulge in his pajama bottoms while he looked at my body?
And then my fantasy shifted, and I imagined being confronted, in my nude trek down that hallway, by Katie's mother, and I grew even wetter thinking of just giving her a bare-naked smile and a wave and no explanation as I passed her and strode on without explanation to her daughter's bedroom door. I checked the time again on my phone. Just a few minutes 'til midnight.
Moving as slowly as I could, to avoid making any noise, I stood up from the bed. Once again, my bare feet felt glued to the floor. But I imagined how the tingle in my belly right now would be magnified when Katie and I, two naked 18-year-olds, were walking outside together, nearly a half a mile away from our clothing and our rooms.
I wanted that feeling. So I took a deep breath for courage, and stepped cautiously and quietly toward the bedroom door.
I pressed my ear up to the door and listened for any sounds in the hallway beyond. I could hear a car drive by outside, but nothing else. As carefully as I could, I opened the door and peered into the hall. Still, nothing. So far, so good. Now was the moment of truth. Here in this room, my privacy was safe. No one would see my naked body. Once I stepped out, however, everything changed.
Not wanting to lose what courage I had, I took the plunge. I stepped out of the room and into the hallway in one swift step, and gently pulled the bedroom door closed behind me. Again I was intensely aware of the caress of moving air against the tops of my thighs and between my legs. Moving as quickly as I could down the hallway without making any noise, I headed for Katie's room at the other end. I passed doors for a closet, the bathroom, and Katie's parents' room on my right before I came to Katie's room at the end of the hall on my left.
I pressed my ear to her door and tapped on it quietly with one finger.
Nothing. My tap must have been too quiet. I tried again a little louder. Still, nothing. There I was, standing in the hallway of her parents' house, in flagrant nudity, outside their daughter's door, in the middle of the night. I urgently felt the need to get out of that hallway. My heart was pounding and I was sure it could be heard by anyone who was awake in the house.
I placed my hand on the doorknob and just before I was able to turn it to let myself in, ... Panic!
I heard the bathroom door start to open!
A wedge of bright light sprayed out into the hall from the bathroom before the light switch was flicked off. The door opened the rest of the way, and the occupant of the bathroom stepped quickly out, before I could regain my senses. Although it was dark, whoever it was would be getting a perfect view of my bare ass and my naked legs, and me, slightly bent at the waist, caught in the act of trying to sneak into Katie's bedroom.
Thank God, it was just Katie! She still had on her jeans and her Florida t-shirt. She quietly gave me a "shooing" gesture that said "get into my room, quick!" and she scurried behind me, through the door and into her room.
When she had the door closed, Katie turned to me and beamed. She did a little dance and whispered, "look at you! Awesome!"
I folded my arms protectively over my chest and instinctively bent one knee in front of the other, trying to be as modest as a naked young woman could be in the bedroom of her best friend -- her fully dressed best friend. "Yeah, great," I whispered back with mock fury. "So what's up with you? I thought we had a plan?"
She looked down at her clothed body and giggled quietly. "Oh, yeah," she whispered, unbuttoning her jeans and wiggling them past her hips. "I fell asleep. I was just splashing some water on my face." She stepped out of her jeans and flipped them across the floor with one foot, leaving them in a crumpled pile in the corner, and then, without losing a beat, crossed her arms and pulled her t-shirt over her head and sent it to join the jeans. She stood there before me in a beige bra and plain beige cotton panties.
"Are you ready for this, girlfriend?" she whispered as she took out her earrings and set them on her dresser. I didn't have an answer, and she didn't wait for one. She pulled her bra straps down from her shoulders, turned the bra around her body so that the clasp was in front, and looking down in the near-complete darkness, she unhooked and removed it. The bra and, a moment later, her panties, joined her other clothes in the heap in the corner of her room.
I couldn't help staring at her boobs and comparing them to mine. Hers were a little bigger than mine, and like her hair, her nipples and aereolae were darker than mine. She may have been experiencing the same tingle that I felt when I first took off my clothes, because her nipples had cute little bumps in a circle around them, and her nipples themselves stood out firmly from her breasts with distinct little, I don't know what to call them, "crinkles" across each one. I knew that boys thought I was pretty enough (yes, guys, I catch you looking at me, and in case you didn't know, we do notice), but I couldn't help but feel just a bit jealous of the size of her breasts. I judged that they were just perfect, which meant that mine were just a bit small.
Then my eyes involuntarily moved further down her body and I was in for another surprise. Katie was completely smooth down there, while I still had every pubic hair God had given me. It was odd to see her bare slit, something you usually associated with a prepubescent girl, but there it was in the middle of an obviously fully developed, curvy young woman.
I guess it was a little obvious that I was staring, because Katie put her hand where her pubic triangle would be and whispered, "do you like it? I shave it like every day to keep it smooth like this." She moved her hand casually away from her lower belly to brush some imaginary thing off of her upper thigh. "I think it feels kind of sexy. Do you ever do it?"
I was still watching her hand, and I shook my head quickly and asked "Do I do what?"
"Do you ever shave, you know, down there?"
I stifled a giggle. "No, I've never done anything like that," I said, running my fingers through my little bush as I did so.
I was suddenly very conscious of being naked and alone with another nude woman, in her bedroom. There was no sexual tension between us, really, and Katie didn't do anything that could be misinterpreted as a sexual advance toward me. On the contrary, she was very matter-of-fact about the whole thing. I realized that there was no noticeable difference between her manner and her gestures now that she was naked in front of me, and her way of standing and moving when she had clothes on. I, meanwhile, had stopped "combing" my pubes and had returned my arms to their crossed position on my chest, while my right knee, remaining slightly bent, nervously swayed back and forth in front of my left. I envied Katie's casual attitude toward being bare-assed naked, and I guessed that the confidence of being nude came with experience, which I was sure starting to get tonight!
Katie's bedroom had a large sliding window that looked out onto the back yard. She nodded her head toward the window and went over to slowly and furtively draw the vertical blinds open. Following behind her, I could see that it would be just a bit of a big step to get one leg over the sill and outside, but a person's whole upper body could easily fit through the window. Thus, with about the same difficulty as climbing over a low fence, we could let ourselves outside from here.
As she drew the blinds aside, we saw reflections of a flashing red light from the road out front playing against the trees in the back yard, and we heard the whining of a car engine as it accelerated past. We both drew back from the window and shared a "what the hell" look. A minute later there were more red lights and a heavier engine -- I would guess an ambulance this time -- sped past.
Somebody must have gotten hurt, or maybe one of the geezers in the neighborhood had a heart attack. I knew from the layout of the housing plan she lived in that the vehicles, when they left, would have to pass us again on the road we would be taking from Katie's house to the start of the trail that led to the pond.
Katie held up a finger and we slid open the window an inch to be able to hear what might be going on outside.
The lights and engine noises had receded out of sight and hearing, and everything became quiet again. "We probably have time to get to the woods before they come back," Katie whispered. I just nodded, my eyes wide as the reality of what we were about to do washed over me.
Katie slid the window to the side as far as it would open. I stopped her.
"You can't tell anyone about this. Promise me right now you'll never tell anyone about this."
She looked at me quizzically. She gestured at her own naked body as if to say "I'm as naked as you."
"Promise me now, or I'm going back." What I didn't want to happen -- what I had been worried about at least in the back of my mind since we first started talking about this crazy idea -- was to get a reputation as a stripper and a slut. I knew what happened to girls who didn't watch after their reputations, and let the boys (or much worse, the girls), talk about their loose morals. As much as I liked boys and had shared the enjoyment of flirting with boys at school, I had always been very careful about my reputation.
"Do you promise?"
Katie rolled her eyes, but she reached out and put a hand on my bare shoulder. She looked me in the eye with no trace of a smile and said, "I swear."
I smiled gratefully and gave her a gesture that said "go ahead."
I looked away as she lifted her bare left leg up and over the sill and outside, so as not to be staring at her as she spread her smooth shaved crotch right in front of me. She leaned her head and shoulders out through the window and then, with her weight shifting to her left leg outside, she drew her long, bare right leg out into the night. I could see her quickly look around as she half-crouched naked against the outside wall of her house.
Then she stuck her hand back through the window and gave me an impatient "come on, come on" gesture with her fingers. With a little hop, I got my own bare left foot over the sill and out into the cool grass outside. Then with another hop, I shifted my weight to that leg and pulled the rest of my naked body outside to join Katie.
Like my best friend had just done before me, I looked around quickly. I was pretty confident that no one could see me where I was right now, but that didn't change the fact that I was standing outside completely naked. I was totally bared to the world, and the feeling was completely awesome. I have to tell you that it was nothing like the feeling of pushing off my panties and being naked inside Katie's house. Being completely stark naked outdoors was a major rush and it was a feeling I wanted to go on forever.
It wasn't exactly sexual, although I have to tell you that again, just like when I first stripped out of my panties in Katie's brother's room an hour ago, I was acutely aware that my private parts were right now being kissed by the night air. But aside from that, the feeling was just free and just right that I was out of doors, standing in the altogether with my toes in the cool grass and the night sky looking down upon me. I felt alive like I had never felt before.
There in the night, outside Katie's window with my feet in the cool grass of her back yard, I set my feet about as wide apart as my shoulders, put my hands on my bare hips, relishing the smooth, soft, warm feeling of my own skin against my hands, and stood up straight, taking a long deep breath of the fresh night air. "Hello world," I thought, "I'm naked!"
Katie, who had been quietly sliding her window back to an almost closed position, touched my arm and broke my reverie. Her head and hand gave me the universal gesture for "let's go." She strode briskly across the narrow back yard toward the line of trees that bordered the back of her parents' property. As I followed her, I was just slightly aware that she was naked too, and although her back, with toned shoulders and narrow waist and the swell of her hips glistened faintly in the moonlight, I was far too much aware of my own exposure to spend too much time thinking about her bare body.
I knew that the woods in this area were just too thick and tangled with undergrowth to walk in, unless there was an established path. So we had to stay on the grass, just using the strip of woods beside us as cover as best we could. As Katie and I crept together along the line of trees, I felt my confidence growing. We had to cross three more back yards this way before we would get to a side street we would need to cross. The darkness and silence continued to convince me that no one was awake and looking out our way, and even if someone should happen to be, it should be next to impossible for them to see our naked skin.
We were almost to the side street at the end of the yards and row of trees we had been following when we heard a car engine approaching us. We froze. Katie gestured and we both crouched down quickly. My knees pressed up against my bare breasts, and my hands touched the ground beside me to steady me. I looked at Katie and saw her boobs pressed up against her knees, too. Squatting down like this, I caught a whiff of the familiar scent of my own naked sex. As we waited for the vehicles to go by -- it turned out to be a police car and ambulance, thus solving any mystery left by the earlier flashing red lights -- I also caught a whiff of a similar pungent smell not quite my own, and realized that I must be smelling Katie.
Let me tell you, guys, that was weird. Smelling the aroma of my best friend's naked girl parts at first struck me as kind of gross. You guys might like that kind of thing, and I'll bet you probably do, but stop stroking your own dicks long enough for me to tell you not to expect me to like it. But as we both crouched there naked, my heart pounding wildly, watching two vehicles drive past us in the night, I felt a certain, I don't know, affinity with Katie that eased the weirdness of seeing and now smelling her nakedness. We were in this together, and indeed, given the fact that she kept herself shaved clean and smooth where I still kept the triangular patch of my pubic hair, if we were going to be discovered unexpectedly in this condition by someone else outside in the night, Katie would be even more exposed than I would, in her most private place, and nudist or not I would think that would make her embarrassment that much greater than mine.
So I decided that I would not mind breathing in her private scent, not because it was sexual, but because it was our solidarity, out here together, bare naked, in the middle of the night. It occurred to me then, too, that maybe she could smell me. Unconsciously, I brought my thighs just a little bit closer together.
The police car and ambulance finally passed by, without flashing red lights, and obviously in no hurry to get where they were going. "Must have been a false alarm," whispered Katie, and this thought somehow relaxed me further. It would have put a damper on our little skinny-dipping adventure, our silly little post-high-school prank, to learn that something really bad had been happening to someone we knew -- however remotely -- at the same time that we were doing it. In fact, we later learned that old Mr. Bell's chest pains that evening had been a false alarm. Good for him.
But all of that left Katie and me right where we were: completely stripped naked, crouching against a line of trees in the dark, a few yards away from her parents' house, on our way to going skinny dipping in a pond on the edge of her neighborhood. The air was cool and getting cooler, and I felt it intensely on my private places as I crouched there.
Eventually, as we rose from our squatting position and resumed our journey, we reached the point where the line of trees we had been following could no longer provide us cover. To get to the start of the trail that led to the pond, we had to cross the side street, without the cover of trees. After that, we wouldn't even have the protection of houses between us and the main road through the neighborhood. Although there were some houses on the other side of the street, there were no more houses on our side between where we were and the start of the trail; just the main neighborhood road to our left, with a wide swath of grass ahead of us, bordered by another line of trees running up along our right. But the bottom line was that there would be no more houses to shield our nudity from the road.
"Let's go; hurry!" Katie whispered to me, and then she was gone, running naked away from me across the side road, no trees to shelter her. I actually laughed to watch her butt jiggle and her skin reflecting the pale moonlight and I had to clasp my hand over my mouth to keep from laughing and making a noise that would give us away.
Katie had reached the other side of the road and crossed the strip of grass to the line of trees that led to the start of our trail. Her naked body bent into a slight crouch as she gestured urgently for me to follow.
Feeling as naked as I had ever been, I assumed a starter's position and clenched my fists and ran across the wide open space of the side road, and across the grassy strip to the trees, my breasts bouncing obscenely, and my bare feet noting the different temperatures and textures of grass and pavement and grass as I ran, finally catching up to Katie where we shared a nervous laugh. While it was easily comfortably warm outside, I rubbed my arms vigorously to quell the goosebumps that were spreading across my upper arms, shoulders, and chest. As I rubbed my arms, my knees bent and unbent, bent and unbent, as my body fought against my conscious will to hide itself from this complete and unthinkable exposure.
I looked around again, and assured myself that no one seemed to be aware of the indecent display Katie and I were offering to the world here in the middle of the night. We forged ahead to the place where the trail led off, away from the road, into the woods on the right.
My nerves finally started to calm as Katie and I walked into the trees. We had reached the trail at last, and there was just no chance that anyone would see our nude bodies here in the middle of the woods in the middle of the night. As the pounding of my heart began to subside, I was able to pay more attention to the sights before my eyes. The trail was narrow but well defined. Katie confidently led the way, and although I had to keep my head down to watch for obstacles in my path, I glimpsed her naked feet and calves as she negotiated the trail before me. At one point, a great big tree had fallen across the trail, and I watched from behind as she crawled over it to continue on our way to the pond. I thought how most of the boys I know would have traded their immortal souls for the view I had of Katie's little backside spread before me as she went ahead of me to climb over the fallen log, her secret hole a darker little round nub in the midst of the shadowy darkness between her bare cheeks. It was pretty gross to look up between her naked thighs and see her asshole like that, but there, I had seen it, and I smiled sarcastically realizing that you boys would nearly die for the close-up view of it that I unwittingly had.
I almost commented to Katie about the positively obscene scenery in front of me as she climbed over the log, but I reminded myself that views like this were just part of being a nudist -- "a nudist like me," I thought now here in the dark woods -- and I kept my mouth shut. But I didn't fail to notice the cool night air against my own most private place as I followed in Katie's footsteps and climbed over the fallen log.
Having seen Katie's little butthole, and having felt my own being exposed as I crawled over the fallen log, I felt like I had crossed a milestone. I was hanging around in the dark, sharing peeks between cheeks in the most intimate of places; simply standing together totally naked, as we did once we had both passed the fallen log, now seemed to me to be no more remarkable than waiting in line together in the school cafeteria.
Once we had negotiated the downed tree, the rest of the trip was nothing.
We reached the pond and stood there at the edge of the water. I stood there proudly naked, thinking about the fact that my clothes and the safety of four walls and a roof were a good half of a mile behind us. I was outdoors naked, far from home, and that was all there was to it.
The pond was actually in the huge side yard of a house that sat a few hundred yards down the road from Katie's neighborhood. Instead of taking the trail through the woods as we had done, we could have reached the pond by staying on the road that led out of Katie's neighborhood until it reached the relatively busy street at the end, and then turning right and following that road down a hill those few hundred yards, but then we would have been, well, two nude 18-year-old girls walking down a fairly busy road. Thus, we had taken the trail. The house with the pond sat far back from the busier road and was far enough away from the pond that, if we were careful, no one inside would hear us go for our little naked swim. The house itself was silent and dark, except for a spotlight over the driveway, by the garage on the far side of the building.
The pond was actually closer to the road than the house was, but it was separated from the road by a line of trees. And, thanks to the way that the road curved just there, you really had to crane your neck in the best of conditions to see the pond if you were going by in a car. On this nearly moonless night, there was just enough danger of being seen to make it a naughty thrill being there in the nude, which is to say, not much danger at all.
Once again, Katie took the lead, wading into the edge of the pond. When the water reached her calves, she turned to me with wide eyes, her hands on her boobs, and her knees pressed together. "It's coooold!" she hissed. "Come on, get in here with me!"
I walked to the water's edge and stepped in beside her. Knowing that it was cold, I knew that the best thing to do was get it over with quickly. I strode forward until the water was up to my thighs, lapping enticingly close to my bare sex and ass.
At that moment, I noticed lights moving at the bottom of the hill. A car. I paused to see if it would turn off, or if it was going to come up and pass the pond. Our little skinny-dipping adventure was separated from the road by maybe a dozen yards and a line of trees, but it was still possible for us to be seen from a car driving by.
I felt a sudden jolt as I realized that the car was not turning off. It was going to come up the hill and drive right past the pond where Katie and I were standing, thigh-deep in the water, and completely naked. I suddenly felt every inch of the half a mile or so that separated me from my clothes.
"Car!" I whispered to Katie, who was catching up to me in the water, and I squatted down in the cold, dark water so that just my head from the chin up was exposed. I turned away from the road so that it would be my brown hair and not my face that would catch any beams of light from the car. I saw that Katie was doing the same, and she let out a giggle, prompting me to give her a plaintive "shhh!"
We heard the car's engine as it passed us by without any noticeable slowing, and gradually it faded into the distance, as did the light it cast onto the grassy hillside separating us from the nearby house. Soon enough, it was dark and quiet again, with just the chirping of crickets to keep us company.
Katie and I remained hunched down for a few extra seconds just to be sure we were safe, and then she pushed herself out from her squatting position into a long, slow swim across the middle of the pond. I gave her the head start of a few pounding heartbeats and then followed suit. As Katie swam ahead of me, I could occasionally see her little curved butt emerge, wet and slippery and shiny, from the surface of the pond. Oh well, I thought to myself, we're all nudists now, and nudists have butts, so get over it.
After all of this time in nothing but my own skin, and getting used to each escalation of this little prank, from first standing nude in the dark privacy of Katie's brother's bedroom, to that first breathless trip down the hall to her room, to actually stepping outside, to this, it was now, finally, that I was most surprised at how absolutely wonderful the water felt against my bare skin, touching me everywhere at once, without a bathing suit to dull the sensation. Even my shoulders felt different as the water swirled around them without so much as a bikini strap to get in the way. It was soothing and exhilarating and tingling and I knew all at once I was hooked!
We swirled around in the water for a little while together, trying to be quiet and to keep one ear tuned for the sound of anyone approaching. But eventually I felt the fatigue of my last day of high school returning, and I headed for land. As I walked up and out of the water and into the cool night air, and a light breeze seemed to zero in on my boobs and my naked bum, it struck me that we hadn't even considered bringing anything to dry off with.
I laid myself down on the grass just uphill from the pond, and stretched my arms above my head and arched my back, luxuriating in the feeling of once again being totally bare underneath the vast night sky. A few moments later, Katie silently joined me on the grass, and she, too, stretched her arms above her head like I had. I stole a glimpse at her boobs as she did so, noticing with envy that they were still big and firm when she lay on her back, unlike mine, which all but disappeared in this position. I also remarked to myself that her girl-parts, shaved clean as they were, glistening in the pale moonlight, were indeed much more exposed than mine. I could even see the little bump of her clitty pressing up under its hood, pointing directly, based on where we were lying, directly at the road on the other side of the trees. But she was unconcerned about all of this, clasping her hands together on her belly just beneath her boobs, and bringing up her knees so that she could rock her legs back and forth in a way that seemed at once innocent and obscene.
We stayed there for a while, letting the night air slowly dry our bodies. We whispered a few words of conversation back and forth, agreeing that this had been much more fun than riding bicycles to school, but for most of the long, quiet time that it took for us to feel dry enough to walk back, we were silent, leaving me alone in the dark with my thoughts and feelings about being here naked. I relished every puff of breeze that blew across my water-beaded breasts and around the tops of my thighs. Without ever touching myself (God, I would have been mortified to touch myself where Katie could see me), I was aroused to the point that I felt I could come in an instant had I wanted to.
Eventually, I turned to Katie and whispered, "what do you think? Are you ready to go back?" She let out a slow breath, stretched her bare body once more on the grass and whispered back, "no, but I guess we should go."
We stood up. I was pretty dry, except for my hair and a lingering cool dampness in my pubic triangle. We each brushed the random blades of grass from our skin, turning this way and that as we did so, and then we headed off towards the trail that led back to her neighborhood. I kept telling myself that I would look away when we got back to that point where she would have to lift her leg to get across the fallen tree that had exposed her entire backside to me on the way to the pond, but somehow when we got to it, I was looking again right up her ass crack when she stretched to get across. In the night sky, the moon was a little higher now, and this time there was no doubt that I was seeing her most private place.
The funny thing is, this time, I didn't think it was gross. Slow down, there, boys, it's not like I thought it was hot or anything, staring at her butthole right in front of my face like that. It's just that, I don't know, it wasn't gross. It wasn't gross to me, and it wasn't hot, either; it just was.
I remember thinking to myself at that moment that this "it just is" attitude was what Katie was always trying to tell me about nudism, and until now, I had never quite believed her. The problem, I guess, was really that I had never quite understood.
Now, as I noted and then dismissed the whiff of her that lingered as I climbed over the fallen tree in my turn, I couldn't wait to do this again.
And yes, boys, I sometimes do return in my mind to that night when I lie in bed alone touching myself. But in those fantasies, Katie isn't there. It's just me, and my body, and the night.