I held my breath, and slowly prised open the door.
Nobody was home, I had triple checked that, but I was extra quiet nonetheless. The thing I was doing was so bad, if I was caught I'd never be able to live it down. I knew what I was doing was wrong, it was dirty and weird and what's more it was an invasion of my sister's privacy. So why was I still here? I couldn't resist. Months, almost a year, of fantasising about her, of picturing her. I just couldn't resist any longer.
I stepped over a pile of clothes - my sister was so messy - and tiptoed over to her chest of drawers. Her untidiness came in handy here. I had been checking the pile of old pyjama tops on the chest for almost a month, and she never touched them. I lifted them up, just enough so that I could slip the camera in, before letting them fall so that they were in the exact same position. I covered it up, so that the camera was invisible, but so that the lens still got a good view of the room. It was an expensive camera, a birthday present from my parents, and was very good quality. I lent over, pressed the record button, and crept out of the room.
What I was doing was so wrong, but I was doing it right. I had rehearsed the whole thing, even scouted the best location for the camera to sit. I had fully charged the camera, and made sure it had plenty of room for a long video. I had chosen the night when our parents were out, and when my sister was out at a party but had work the next day - this would guarantee that she would come in late and go straight to bed. Now all I had to do was wait until she had left for work the next day and collect the camera.
I was at University, but living with my parents because I couldn't afford board. My older sister, Kate, had come back from travelling completely broke, and so was living with us while she earned enough money to support herself. She spent a lot of it on parties, however, and so it was taking longer than she'd hoped.
I was gobsmacked when she came back at how gorgeous she'd become. Either she had matured late, or I had been too young to appreciate her before, but something meant that it was only now that I got to realise how hot she was. She was short, had long, brown hair and blue eyes. She was slim, but that didn't take any weight out of her sizeable breasts. I knew I shouldn't think about her in the way I did, but I couldn't help it.
It was taking it a step further, however, to film her. All porn had become dull to me, even the incest-based porn. I wanted her naked, I didn't care about other women. I just hoped to God I didn't get caught.
About fifteen minutes later, she came in through the door. She was stone sober, but she'd been out partying and was on a natural buzz, so greeted me with a warm hug.
"Good party?"
"Ah, Isaac, you have no idea. Amazing. I'm screwed for work tomorrow though." She sighed and rolled her eyes.
"Well, maybe you'd better get up to bed." I felt myself going red, but she didn't appear to notice.
"Yeah, you're probably right. Still, we'll catch up tomorrow!" She gave me another hug, a rare thing between us, and went off to bed.
I hardly slept the whole night. I kept wanting to sneak in and fetch the camera, but I knew I had to wait. I could not risk being discovered, I don't know what I'd do. But the thought of what was lying in wait for me... I couldn't help myself, I reached down and started slowly stroking my dick.
*****
Kate had to leave for work early the next morning, so when I got up around eight she was gone. I heard my parents downstairs eating breakfast and, judging that I was safe, I crept upstairs and into Kate's bedroom. It smelt of her perfume, and of clothes shops. I crossed to the other side of the room, and retrieved my camera.
After breakfast I went back up to my room to watch the footage. I saw myself creeping away, before hitting the fast forward button. A few minutes later, I was watching as Kate walked in. She looked tired, and didn't seem to be getting out any pyjamas, so for a moment I was worried that she'd go to bed without changing. But, soon enough, she started unbuttoning her shirt. She pulled it down over her shoulders, revealing a bright red bra patterned with lace. She reached round and undid the strap, letting the bra fall to the floor. My dick pressed against my trousers, so I pulled it out. It was rock hard. I began to rub it as she revealed her gorgeous breasts. They were large, but didn't sag - they were almost as perky without the bra as they were with. Her nipples were small but so enticing. They beautifully fell in with the curve of her sexy body, all the way down to the belly-button piercing.
She then unbuttoned her short shorts, and pulled them down. It was a sunny day, so she hadn't been wearing tights, and they revealed a pair of thin panties that perfectly matched her bra. She pulled the panties down, but before I could get a proper glimpse of anything underneath she climbed into bed.
She slept naked! I was disappointed with the lack of pussy, but more aroused than I had ever been before. My camera didn't have enough space in it for a 12 hour film so I had no footage of the morning - that was all I was going to get.
I decided to set the camera up again that night.
*****
I had hidden it in the exact same place, and so the next morning when I went to retrieve it the footage was familiar. She hadn't been out partying this time, so she spent a while on her laptop, but even that was good to watch as she had a low cleavage, so I got out my dick in anticipation. Every so often she'd adjust her bra, shifting her breasts, and a thrill of pleasure would go through me. I started to imagine that she was watching porn on the laptop, or talking dirty with someone online.
When she finally turned the laptop off, I was close to cumming, so slowed down to get the full effect. She pulled off her top and this time her bra was deep green, and plain with no patterns. As she pulled the top over her head they jiggled, the perfect texture. I couldn't get over how sexy she was. She took the bra off, once again displaying her amazing tits. She then pulled off her tights, to reveal panties that were again matching. They were gorgeous on her, and I had no hard time getting off to it, but at the same time I was a little put down - the routine hadn't changed at all, and I still didn't get a glimpse of her pussy. A part of me reasoned that I had got all I could, and that I should stop before I got caught, but another voice said that there was more to come. Nobody sticks to the exact same routine all of the time, and I would soon get to see her pussy. In the meantime, her breasts would more than satisfy my urges.
I saved the film onto my laptop, before getting the camera and setting it back up in her room. On the way out, I saw the dirty green panties and bra on a heap on the floor. I picked them up and sniffed them. The bra smelt like her perfume, but the panties smelt like pussy. I stuffed them into my pocket and left.
*****
Her routine hadn't yet changed by the time I plugged the camera into my laptop for the eighth time. This time I had already got my dick out as the video loaded. I fast forwarded it, and stopped just as she entered her bedroom.
My sister walked in, and pulled off her top. This bra was black, and made only of lace, so I could already see her nipples. My dick was rock hard, and twitching loads. This time instead of undoing the bra, she undid her skirt first, and pulled it down to reveal a matching thong. Around her waist and, I could imagine, her ass, it was just a string, but over her pussy was a cover of black lace. The pattern was thinly cut and so was see-through, allowing me my first glimpse of Kate's pussy. She sat there for a moment, her shoulders back and her legs slightly apart to create the perfect viewpoint of her tits and ass. She then bit her lip sexily, and reached round to undo the bra. It fell away, and she reached up her hand and gently squeezed one of her nipples.
I was stunned. Was my sister masturbating? My dick was harder than it had ever been, and a bead of precum dripped out without me even touching it. Kate rolled her nipple between her thumb and forefinger, panting slightly. I was so engrossed with her perfect nipple that I hadn't even noticed that her other hand had reached down the front of her panties, but that soon got all of my attention. Her hand wriggled underneath the lace, playing with her almost-visible clit. The camera picked up a soft moan, the sexiest thing I had ever heard, so hot I couldn't help but moan back. I twitched as I made another drop of precum.
After a minute or so, she stood up and turned around, so that she was facing the wall. She bent over forwards, displaying her gorgeous ass, and pulled down her panties. Her ass was beautiful and round, the nicest I'd ever seen. She stood upright again, and turned around to sit on her bed She spread her legs, revealing her pussy. My eyes ate it up - I couldn't have looked away if I'd tried. I could see how wet she was, and as she moped it up with a finger she moaned again. Her left hand continued to play with her nipple, as she positioned her right hand so that her thumb was on her clit and her forefinger was in her pussy. With each thrust of her finger into her wet pussy, her thumb would rub over her clit. The combination produced a series of passionate moans from her.
i couldn't believe my eyes. I knew this was so wrong, but I couldn't stop watching. It was so unbelievably arousing, I felt like I was about to cum buckets without even having started wanking. She slipped a second finger inside her, but she looked wet enough to fit a whole hand. She began to pump more vigorously now, her moans turning into yelps. How had I not heard this last night? The noises she was making began to get more and more high pitched, and I could feel her starting to climax. I grabbed my dick, determined that I should finish with her. Her whole body was shaking with the pleasure of the beginnings of an orgasm, and I pumped furiously on my cock. Her hand was soaked with her wetness, as were the sheets underneath her. Her whole body twitched with pleasure and she cried out with orgasm, just as my dick exploded cum all over my stomach. I lay there panting, just as Kate lay there panting on the video.
After about a minute, Kate got up off her bed. She bit her lip, half in a sexy way and half trying to bite back a smile. She walked over to the chest of drawers, pulled off some old pyjamas and picked up the camera. She looked directly into the lens. "Come join me tomorrow night", she purred.
My mouth fell open, my stomach did a flip and my heart beat tripled in speed. She knew? That was all a show? She wanted me?
She turned away but, as an afterthought, turned back towards the camera. "Oh and when you come?
"Bring this camera."