Sue set up a ladder on the other side of the window and started painting the inside at the same time. Sue up to this point hadn't said boo to me and seemed a little mousy. Short and brown hair, ok body but she just didn't show anything that stood out. She had walking shorts and a t-shirt on that didn't show much and she just seemed to be going through the motions, bending over, stretching up to clean the window frames, bending over the top of the ladder overreaching things.
It was hardly worth paying attention to. Was she playing a game or just coincidentally doing the inside of the window at the same time? Very strange. Finally as I was finishing up cutting in the frames she climbed on top of the ladder (four foot) and straddled it rubbing her pelvis against it as she worked. She seemed to be getting something from that. I moved on and a little later, went into the garage to clean the brushes up and be done for the day.
I used the laundry sink to clean the brushes. I noticed that Russ and Sue were in facing chairs not far inside the house with just a screen door between. Sue had changed to a kimono and Russ had his hand on her knee. They kept muttering things to each other too low to hear over the water until I clearly heard Russ say, "he's looking." That was about all there was to it and it all seemed strange. What was with this couple?
A couple of weeks later Stephanie and I were invited to dinner. Stephanie got Ronnie and Debbie invited too because both Ronnie and Russ seemed to know every joke ever created and Stephanie had told Russ about Ronnie's ability.
God, one would start a joke and the other would finish it. They were having a contest. We could hardly eat from laughing too much. A lot of wine flowed and we were all highly entertained. There's always been a lot of laughter around my house, even today, but this was an event. Stephanie and Debbie and I were damn near on the floor laughing. Sue, looking cute in a short dress sat there giggling. She'd done something to make herself more attractive but still she didn't say much.
Somewhere in there Stephanie asked how Russ and Sue met. Russ explained that they were both graduates of Napa State. They had met there and found they had a lot in common. They were both sex maniacs, he explained. I knew from what Stephanie had told me, growing up in Napa, that's what they called Napa State Mental Hospital. Hmm. He goes over to an end table and picks up this toy and brings it over to the table. Sue, I noticed crosses her legs and wraps her arms around herself and hugs and squeezes herself. Okay.
Russ sets this thing on the table and it's a thick wooden rod with a carved knob on it and there's three wooden rings placed over the rod and resting on the base. No, it couldn't be.
Russ picks up a ring and tosses it back over the rod then rubs his crotch and says, "anyone want to play ring a dick?" He's smiling broadly at me all of a sudden and gesturing. Geez, his timing is lousy, and why is he so interested in me? Now he's grinning at my crotch and gesturing with another ring.
I look over at Stephanie and she's got a puzzled smile on. Any number of other times and this may have been at least a turn on, maybe even considered, but out of the blue? Russ goes over to Sue and sticks the ring between her teeth and says, "Sue loves to play ring a dick."
She's very compliant and Russ stands behind her taking the ring in one hand and pushing a finger into her mouth with the other hand says, "Are you sure Don? I'd love to see what you've got." Sue's happily sucking on his finger.
I'm beginning to get the picture. I look over at Ronnie and he's got a grimace on his face. "No, I don't think so Russ." I say. I'd seen this before where the guy uses the girl as bait for his interests. I really didn't like the dishonesty then or now. Stephanie and Ronnie get the conversation going again to something a lot more interesting and we moved away from that awkward moment.
After a while Sue stood up and said, "It's time for desert, I could use a little help."
Everyone else is deep in conversation so Stephanie says to me, "Go help her Donald." I follow Sue into the kitchen.
In the background I hear Stephanie ask, "How does a Lady hold her likker?"
Russ answers, "by the ears!" and everyone laughs.
Sue goes across to the sink where there are four pears on the counter. She grabs a peeler and turns on the water and starts peeling the skin off the pears. I lean up against the counter next to her and say, "Napa State huh?"
Sue smiles at me brightly. Wow, personality showing! I notice her nipples hardening and she puts the pear she just finished down. She turns toward me and says, "I have a problem that I can't ignore sometimes," and lifts the front of her skirt up with one hand showing that she's not wearing anything underneath. How could I not look? With the other hand Sue spreads herself apart and pulled back her clitoral hood rubbing it and holy shit! an inch and a half long clit appears. She rubs it gently and it stiffens, sticking out some more. I'm mesmerized. This is so tempting! There's a squeeze bottle of chocolate and a can of whipped cream to go with the pears on the counter. Oh man. Now I'm hard.
My brain's going a mile a minute. I listen and everyone's still gabbing like mad out there. I can't. I just can't no matter how tempting. It's just such a bizarre situation and Russ is a definite turn off. His sleazy grin burned in my mind. I pull her skirt loose from her hand letting it drop and tell her, "I'm sorry Sue, I just can't play."
Sue gets a hangdog look and slowly turns back to the pears. She finishes peeling them, cuts them in half coring them in the process and puts them in the bowls she has set out already. She squirts the chocolate, then whipped cream on them and hands me two bowls to take out. She can look me in the eyes as I take them now that she's told me her secret. If Russ weren't involved I just might have helped her out. I smile sadly at her and take them out.
I saw Russ last year at San Rafael Joes and he came over to our table to be introduced to my current wife Lynn. Stephanie had told me that Russ and Sue had gotten divorced. I never heard what happened to Sue. It's funny that I told Lynn about the bi part but didn't tell her about Sue. That was the really interesting thing. I remember that Sue's Dad was a retired San Francisco Vice Cop. You can't help but wonder what that may have had to do with anything. I also can't help thinking what an interesting thing that anatomical anomaly would have been to explore.
Part 2 of 2