I can tell they now realize what is going on but they stay where they are for the show. The next slide shows me sitting on a bed with my legs cross so I hope up onto the table and do a nice slow leg cross in front of the camera like Sharron Stone did. I am watching myself on the screen and can clear see my pussy as I am crossing my legs. The next slide comes up and it shows me undoing my bra so I reach back and undo the clasp. The next slide shows me laying back with one of side of the bra off and showing my tit. I lean back, pull the right cup of my bra off, and lay back so that my breasts are sticking out.

The next shot is me without the bra on but I have my legs pulled up and my hands on my knees. I pull the bra off, pull my knees up, and hold on to them. I make sure to look straight into the camera. I can clearly see both of my tits and just make out my pussy between my legs on the screen.

The next slide has me laying back and has my whip lying across my thigh. I reach done, pull it out of my bag, and lay it across my leg.
The next shot is of me on my knees with my face on the bed looking back and I have several red marks on my ass. I roll over, look at John, and ask him if maybe he could help me out with this and hold the whip out to him.
He gets up and takes it from me. He then pulls my skirt up over my ass and gives me a few slaps. I tell him that if he wants my ass to look like the picture he is going to have to do a little better than that. So he then pulls back and bring it down on my ass as hard as he can and I could feel the pain all the way across my ass and could hear the sound echo of the walls. He did this three move time and each time he redden a differ part of my ass. He then gave me a few slaps with his hand before slowly running his hand over my ass and pussy.
The next slide comes up and it has me sitting with my dildo between my legs. I tell John thank you and take the whip and he moves back down to his seat. I then pull out the dildo and put it between my legs just in front of my pussy. My pussy is clearly shown on the video screen.
Then using both hands I slide it in. My pussy is so wet that it just slides right in with almost no resistance. The next slide shows me on my hands and knees and the other end of the dildo is in my ass and someone is fucking me with it. I turn over onto my hands and knees and ask Scott if he could help me with this. As he is moving behind me I notice Sammy one of the customer service reps is watching us through the glass wall from her desk. I am looking right at her as Scott moves behind me and start to work the other end of the dildo into my ass. Once he has it in my ass, he starts to move it in and out of both of my holes. At this point in the video Jay made for me start to play and I can hear everything I am saying to Jay and the moaning I was doing. At the same time, I am telling Scott to fuck me with it. Before I cum the part of the video where I am telling Jay, to pull the dildo out of my ass and to fuck me in my asshole with his cock is playing on the screen and Scott follows suit. I feel him moving behind me and pulling me back onto his cock. Once he is in me, he grabs onto my hips and is pumping my ass as hard as he can. While he is doing this, I am rubbing my clit and fucking my pussy with the dildo. I cum for the first time almost as soon as Scott's cock is in my asshole. Scott just keeps pumping me and I keep rubbing my clit as hard and fast as I can and sliding the dildo in and out of pussy. I cum two more times before he does. Each time I cum I start to moan and yell out how I am fucking cumming and tell Scott to keep pumping me harder. When he cums he pulls out and lets his cum shot all over my ass and back.
I watch Sammy the whole time Scott was fucking me. By the time Scott had his cock in me she had opened her pant and shoved her hand down the front of them. She must have got herself off because before Scott was down she did up her pants and left.
The next slide comes up, it shows me on my back with my legs pulled up, and I am fingering my pussy.
I slid around and slowly start to finger myself in front of the camera. Scott is standing in front of me watching me finger myself. I keep moaning and telling him how fucking wet my pussy is from his cock pound me and how I need someone to fuck me hard. I can see myself on the video screen and can clearly see my finger moving in and out of my pussy and know that everyone on the video conference can she want I am doing to.
The next slide has a guy I do not know fucking me and my brother in law Tom and another guy holding my legs up and out so the first guy can fuck me hard. I figure that the two guys are the ones from the boat my husband meet last weekend. I look back at John and ask him if he and Scott could help me out. John moves between my legs, pulls my legs up by the heels of my shoes, and holds my legs up and out so that my pussy and ass is stretched fully open. When I look at the screen, my pussy and asshole are facing directly at the camera and I can see Scott cum running down the crack of my ass. Scott moves to my side, grabs my ankles pulls my legs up even move, and holds them open. Then John slides his cock into me and start to fuck me hard. He has each of his hands wrapped around my thighs and is uses them to pull me into him with each of his thrust. I can feel his pelvic bone slam into me with each stroke he takes. I reach out and start to jack Scott off as John is fucking me. Once he is hard, I move my head over so that he can stick his cock in my mouth. Scott is licking my toes through the open toes of my shoes, he is licking each of my stocking covered toes, and is forcing his tongue between each of them. I am just sucking on his cock and letting him move his cock in and out of my mouth any way he wants to. Soon he is sliding it all the way in so that the head of his cock is in my throat. John is the next to cum, pulls out, and shots his cum all over my stomach and pussy. As he moves back, Scott lets my legs go, has now grabbed the back of my head, and is forcing his cock into my mouth as deep as he can. When he comes, he holds my head so the top of his cock is in my throat and just lets his cum shot done my throat.
The next slide on the screen comes up and it show two guys jacking off over my face and playing with my tits. John moves up next to Scott and I start to play with each of their cocks while they are playing with my nipples. I start to tell them to cum on me and how I want to feel their cum running down my face and tits. When I look up at the video screen I can see my pussy pointed strait at the camera and can see both John and Scott's cum on me. I tell them to jack off on me, I let go of their cocks, and start to play with my pussy and asshole. I try to scope up as much of my juices and their cum as I can and them move my fingers up to my mouth and lick them clean. The slide now shows my face covered in come and my husband cock is adding his cum to the pool. With that John and Scott both cum on my face and I grab their cocks and use them to wipe their cum into my mouth.
When I set back up Eric say to everyone, what do you think of my plan? Do you think people in the US would go for an office environment that has a little more fun to it? I hear Tim telling us that if that is the new office police more people would be willing to get to work and no one is going to take anymore sick days. I then hear my husband ask Scott if he was open to some new work policies.
I look over at Scott and asked if he was watching Sammy as he was fucking me. He tells me that when he climbed up behind me and started to fuck me he could see she had her hand down her pants and must have been fingering herself. By the time he came, she had already left. He tells me that I might want to talk to her about this first thing Monday morning before she tells anyone else about this. I tell him I will take care of it like a good little assistant.
Eric then tells me he has always wanted to fuck me and that he is working on a new project. He is going to need my husband to handle it and that he would be seeing me shortly. Tim and Jeff both say to make sure that they have a spot on the project. I tell him to make sure he has enough money in the budget to fly me over first class and put us up in a nice hotel as while. He tells me that would not be a problem. He would add me as a member of the team to conduct presentation and he is sure no one will complain.
My husband tells me that my car is waiting out front. He tells me to put my bra back on and pull my skirt back down. He then tells me to put my shirt on but do not button it. When I have done this, he tells me to take everything else including my normal skirt and put it in my bag. He then tells me to head outside and get in the back seat of the car that is waiting there. I tell everyone bye and head out the door. I can see my reflexing in the glass and think I cannot believe I am going out in this. I am wearing a completely sheer skirt that only just covers my ass and pussy with no panties. I am wearing a mostly see through bra, thigh high stockings and 6 inch high platform striper shoes.
I get outside and see that there is a yellow cab in front of the building but down by the corner which is a walk out to the sidewalk about 40 feet and down the sidewalk about another 120 feet. This is on one of the busiest roads in our town. I head out and when I get to the sidewalk and start walking to the cab I see a group of kids heading straight for me but I keep walking and hoping they will not notice before I get into the cab. Before I reach the car, someone drives up from behind me and beeps the horn. I hear the guy yell out how much for a good time as he drives by and I flip him the bird. That got the kids attention and they are all now moving over to me. I can hear them says things like "do you see that" and "I bet she would be a great fuck". As I open the door to get in the kids are now right in front of me while I sit down and put my left leg in first so that they can clearly see right up my skirt and tell them sorry boys and girl's maybe some other time.
The drive gives me my name and address and I tell him yes that is correct. As he pulls away and start to drive, I get a text from my husband telling me that when I get into the cab that I should move into the middle of the seat and text him when I have done this. I do and he tells me to slide forward so that my ass is at the edge of the seat and lean back and spread my legs wide. As I do this, the cab driver adjusts his mirror so that he can see my exposed pussy. My next text tells me to start to play with my tits and pull them out of my bra. I pull each of my tits out of the top of my bra so that they are sitting up high on my chest.
I have my tits out of my shirt, I am pulling and pinching my nipples, and I am moaning loudly. The driver then opens all of the windows and I am aware that anyone drive along side of us has a clear shoot of my tits and pussy. The driver pulls up to the next light and blocks the walkway. Several people are crossing and have to go around. I can see them looking into the cab. One guy just stops walking and stands there watching me. When the light changes the driver moves on.
The next text I get tells me to take out my dildo and use it to fuck myself. I reach into the bag, pull the dildo out, and work it up into me. When I have it worked deep into my pussy I look around and notice a truck with I guy and girl pulled up to the side of the taxi. The girl is looking right at me and I can see she is saying something to the guy in the truck. We stop at the next light and the truck stops also. The guy driving is leaning over looking out her window watching me fuck myself. As the light changes, the cab makes a right and I lose my spectators. I keep slowly fucking myself as we are driving but do not see any other cars notice me. I do see the driver watching me the whole time.
As we get to my house, my husband is in the driveway waiting for me. I just stay where I am and keep fucking myself. I hear him ask the driver if he enjoyed the show. The driver tells him he has never had a fare like this before. He tells the driver if he wants he is welcome to have some fun. The driver tells him he would love the chance. My husband tells me to get out and lean over the hood of the cab. I get out and move to the front of the cab and but both of my elbows on the hood. This has my ass and pussy sticking out. My tits are hangs out and my skirt is up around my waist. The driver get out of the cab and moves behind me. He tells my husband what happens if someone sees us. My husband tells him he is willing to risk it if he is. The driver uses his foot to slide my legs apart. I hear him undoing his pants and soon feel his hands on my ass. The driver is not too tall and I have on my 6' heels, which made my pussy even with his cock. I feel the driver rub up and down my ass and pussy with his hand a few times. I then feel him pushing his cock into me. Once he gets into a rhythm he grabs my hair and uses it to pull me back into him. It only take a short time before the guy starts to tell me he is going to cum and I tell him to full me up. I tell him how I want to feel his cum pumping into me. When he cums I can feel him pushing into me as hard as he can. It seems like he just keeps cumming and cumming inside of me.
When he is finally done he tells me that is the first fuck he has head in months and was the best fuck he has ever had. I give him hug and a deep kiss and feel sorry for him so I kneel down, take his half-hard cock in my mouth, and start to suck him. When he is hard, I lie down on the hood of the cab and pull him on top of me. As he starts to fuck me, I wrap my legs around him and tell him to play with my tits. I can clearly hear him fucking my slopping wet pussy. I tell him to let me know when he is ready to cum again because I want to have him cum on my face and in my mouth. I tell him I want to taste his cum on my tongue and feel it running down my throat. The more I tell him what I want him to do the faster he pumps me. When he tells me he is almost there, I push him off and knee down is front of him. I grab his cock and start to jack him off fast and point it right at my face. I am rubbing my clit with my other hand. His first shot hits me right above my lips and I feel it land on my noise and lips. I move closer and point his cock right into my mouth and the next three shots go straight into my mouth. I then suck his cock into my mouth and bob up and down on it as I finish getting myself of. When I am done coming I let his cock slip out of my mouth and stand up. I tell him I hope that makes up for the slow spell he is going through and that I cannot remember the last time someone pumped that much cum into me.
I grab my stuff and head into the house. My husband follows me in and grabs me from the back and forces me over the back of the couch. He first gives me a couple of quick swats on my ass and then he shoves his cock into my asshole and just fucks me as hard as he can. When he cums a few minutes later he just leaves his cock in my ass and ask me if I had fun today. I tell him that it was the best workday I ever had. I headed up to the shower and cleaned all of the cum off me. I get out toweled off and just flopped onto the bed naked and feel well used and was a sleep in minutes.
Just a few random shot I did for this
(Pic changed to meet site requirements, Sorry)