All characters are fictional and 18 years or over.
----/
I never thought I'd see the day...
My name is Eric, I'm 18 and a senior in High School. I play for the Greenville Fireballs, my school's soccer team. During my time on the team I've befriended 3 other guys: Luke, Chris and Jim. I'm average build, white, with short brown hair. Luke is taller, Samoan with long dark hair. Chris is pale, thin, the tallest out of us with shaggy hair and glasses. Jim is Chinese-American, shorter than me with dark short hair. We're all naturally fit with playing soccer and all. Keeping us trim and in shape. We shy away from putting too much muscle on as it would slow us down.
My mom; Emily, loves to come out and watch me play. She's 5'9", with nice light brown hair almost to the point of being bronze you could say. Unfortunately for me, she's got natural 36DD breasts that most guys, including the ones on my team can't stop from staring at along with her hourglass form and bubble butt. My mother is what they called blessed. But that wasn't enough to stop my shitty father from running off with a 19 year old to another state because my mother was allegedly focusing too much on her job as a real estate agent and her flesh and blood son. So my mom hit the gym, especially after he called her fat more than once that terrible night she found about the affair.
In the mean time we've got the house, a nice pool far from any neighbors on a hill. We got to keep Rufus, my beloved golden retriever who never really liked Dad all that much. Rufus loves me the most I'd hate to say it, but Mom comes in 2nd. I feed him dinner and Mom feeds him breakfast. I've been encouraging her to take him on more walks though since he's only 3. We're thinking about adopting another dog now since Dad left so Rufus won't be lonely when I go off to college eventually.
I asked my Mom if the boys could come and hangout after our home game. I had just bought a new multiplayer FPS that I've been saving up from my part time job working 3 small shifts a week at the hardware store for. Mom has to drop me off and my co-worker George who's 21, brings me back. Luckily she's never met George because he's the most perverted guy I know. All he talks about is pussy and god forbid a good looking woman walks into the store. I've seen him blatantly eye-fuck 16 year olds.
Anyways...Mom said yes to letting the guys stay over. I knew she would. She's got a thing for Luke. She's admitted that she thinks he's "so cute with those glasses" which I completely don't understand but honestly I just think she's got a thing for tall lanky guys. Not to mention he's the funniest out of all of us. Not in a crude way but in a charming way like the Scarecrow from the Wizard of Oz or Shaggy from Scooby-Doo.
The game we played at home against the Scottsdale Dolphins was fun. I mean we were neck in neck and the game seemed like it could go anyway. Jim shot the game winning goal as I looked on as Goalie. What Jim lacked in size he made up for in speed and agility. A leg so deadly it should be deemed a weapon by the state. Honestly I think I'm leaving soccer behind in favor for a degree in graphic art, but Jim needs to pursue going pro. He's that talented.
Mom was in the bleachers wearing our team t-shirt; a light green shirt with a yellow flaming soccer ball. She wore a nice pair of black gym shorts beneath with sneakers. I don't think from the way her breasts bounced in her t-shirt that she was wearing a bra. But, who was I to know for certain.
When the game was over with she packed us into the old minivan Mom wouldn't get rid of. Probably because of Rufus, that big lovable mutt. Partially too because she's so used to driving it. She said "once you get your first car it'll be hard to drive another type of car, it's all about comfort." Makes sense I guess. God I need a car and to get off my learners permit.
The car ride home was full of reciting the key moments from the game. I blocked two attempts, no big deal. All praise was on Jim. Luke nicknamed him "Fire Cleats" and my mother burst out laughing. Again, she thinks Luke is super funny.
When we got out the temperature was still blazing. We stunk that car up from our rancid sweat. Not to mention pent up farts were expelled. How my mother didn't need an oxygen mask to drive is a mystery.
"Pool time!" I shouted nearly darting through the house as the others followed. I nearly went over the edge as the boys jumped in. Mom stood beside me kind of angry. "Take your cleats off idiots, you'll ruin the pool lining!"
The boys tossed their shoes over the edge along with their socks and shirts. "Mom" I said grinning, "Cool off!" as I pushed her into the pool. She managed to do a cannonball as she yelped. I took off my shirt as well and jumped in.
Mom definitely wasn't wearing a bra. Her breasts and nipples nearly visible through the t-shirt. My friends just stood there watching her, frozen. Mom looked around and asked "What?." She saw where Chris's eyes were and she looked down, then looked back up with a smile. "Chris, you never seen breasts before?"
"No Mrs. Willows, I...I."
"Well if you're topless isn't it fair I am too?"
With that she lifted her wet shirt above her head, revealing her large breasts and small nipples. She flung the shirt at Chris who caught it and smiled.
"Mom! What the fuck!?" I asked in shock.
"Don't worry the neighbors can't see us and it's just skin. We're all adults here. In college you're going to have see naked women for drawing and painting, so what's the big deal?"
"It's just weird."
"You know what's weird Eric?" Luke said as he goofed around touching his nose with his tongue.
"That's a Gene Simmons tongue you've got there Luke, the women are going to love you in college."
Luke started blushing as red as a stop sign. Mom got out of the pool and lay face down on the lounge chair. Suddenly my stomach lurched. I had to use the bathroom ASAP. I got out and nearly ran upstairs yelling "Bathroom!" as the guys all laughed at me. The bathroom had a window overlooking the pool. After I did my business, I looked out the window. Jim was rubbing lotion on Mom's back. Next she slid off her shorts, unveiling her perfect ass. So round and plump. I could barely make out her vagina from my POV. I'm sure Jim had a great view. He rubbed her ass for what seemed like an hour but was probably 10 minutes. She spread her legs further apart as Jim got more adventurous. I crept downstairs to the kitchen that was facing the pool. Lucky for me the window was open as well as the blinds to the sliding glass door. I saw her reach for her phone and text me:
Mom: You ok?
Me: Stomach ache, might be in here a while.
I saw Jim stick a finger inside Mom's pussy. She let out a nice long moan. Then Jim entered 3 fingers and she cried "Oh fuck Jim!." Jim paused scared. "I didn't say stop" Mom replied. Jim smiled and began thrusting. After ten minutes Mom texted me.
Mom: You still ok?
Me: Give me 20 mins.
Mom: That bad?
Me: Yes.
Mom looked back to Jim. His hard cock straining in his pants and she pulled them down. He kicked them off. She began sucking his 6" dick for 5 minutes and then did the unexpected. She turned around on all fours and told him to put in her. Jim wasted no time. He slid easily into her moist pussy. She cried out "Oh god Jim!!!" as he pummeled her from behind. Time seemed to go in slow motion. I whipped out my cock and started jerking. Luke and Chris stood in the pool with their hands on their cocks.
"Fuck me baby pull my hair" Mom commanded. Jim did just that, using her hair for leverage and he started smacking her ass.
"I'm gonna cum Mrs. Willows!" said Jim urgently. "Almost there Jim, give me 2 minutes" replied Mom. Mom's eyes rolled back and her body shook as what must of been orgasm overcame her as Jim shot load after load into her pussy. Cum started oozing from her pussy as she used her muscles to push it out.
Mom used a towel to clean herself and Jim up.
I texted her:
Me: I'll be down soon, finishing up in the bathroom.
Mom: Make sure it's clean in there.
Mom made Jim put his shorts back on and get back in the pool. When he was in I stepped outside.
"Mom why are you completely naked now!?"
"I need to tan" She said as she rolled over on her back. She started applying lotion to her tits, arms, abdomen, legs and feet. "Jim was kind enough to do me...my back" she said with a feint smirk.
"Well I think it's time to head back inside and get changed into dry clothes."
"We didn't pack extra clothes Eric" said Chris.
"Seriously!? What's in the duffle bag then?"
"Promise not to get mad Mrs. Willows?" Luke said.
"You know I can't stay mad at my Luke-y" said Mom in a silly voice.
Luke unpacked the duffle bag. A bottle of Jack, a bong, bag of weed and more video games.
"I'm not mad Luke. Although the whiskey is probably warm by now. Say, how about this, you boys strip and I'll put your clothes in the wash and dryer. You too Eric." Mom said.
We looked at each other and Jim was the first to strip so we all followed his lead. We headed back inside and headed downstairs to the den where my gaming console was connected to a flat screen on the wall. Football memorabilia from my father still littered the walls.He didn't bother to take it with him; I wish he had because it's still a painful reminder he even existed. The asshole who chose a bimbo over me and Mom.
As we started playing Mom came downstairs, her tits jiggling, refusing to put on clothes. She had a tray of glasses filled with whiskey and coke on the rocks. She got in front of us and most likely deliberately bent over to put the tray down. I could see her labia from behind as her trimmed pussy hair peeked out.
"What no tip?" Mom turned around to quip.
She leaned down to give a peck on the cheek.
"Moooom stop it, I'm trying to set up the game" I complained.
"What you're too old for kisses? I'm sure Chris would love a kiss" she said as she planted a wet one on his lips. "Mmm that's nice Chris....We'll I'll leave you boys alone, call me if you need anything". We all looked as she walked away, her beautiful plump ass swaying with her hips.
"I'm in love" Luke said
"Shut up" I replied nervously
"Me too" said Chris
I looked to Jim who was oddly quiet. If only he knew that I knew he fucked her.
We were playing the FPS for about an hour when Mom texted me.
Mom: Need some help with the sink in the kitchen.
Me: I don't know how to fix it. I'll send Chris up.
Mom: Ok.
Chris is the son of a plumber and his Dad's been teaching him things since he was young enough to learn. He told me he might skip college and just go to work for his father after High School. But, he doesn't want to miss out on the college experience. However, missing college means no college debt so he's leaning towards his father's business.
I had to pee so I crept up stairs to use the bathroom on the 1st floor. As I approached the top step I could see my Mom sitting on Chris's chest as he tried fixing the leak beneath the faucet. I ducked down as to see them but be barely visible myself.
"Problem's fixed Mrs. Willows."
"Call me Emily."
"Well Emily I need to get up."
"No stay there, this is your payment for your HARD work."
Mom reached behind her, grabbed his throbbing cock, lifted herself up and slowly plunged down on it.
"Oh Chris you're so thick! Ready for a wild ride?"
"Oh fuck, you're so tight and wet Emily."
Mom rocked her hips back and forth, side to side. Then she began to hump him. Up and down repeatedly on his cock.
"Shit! Shit! Shit! You fill me up so well. Oh fuck! I love it! I love it!
Chris began thrusting up to match her. His ass slapping the tiled floor. Chris then groped her large breasts. She then turned around Chris's cock and began reverse cowgirl. "Shit" I thought to myself, "She's gonna see me" as I scooted down.
She never looked in my direction but there she was with that smirk on her face again. She began to shake and let a "I'm cumming babe!"
"Where should I?..."
"Cum inside me Chris, cum deep inside me like a good boy."
And with that Chris shot his load. As Mom got off his dick cum began leaking out. Chris got a paper towel to clean her up. I waited and the n ran up the stairs past them to use the restroom. When I came down Mom was on the couch drinking wine.
I went back to the den. Chris was playing against Jim and Luke.
"Man you must be having stomach issues today, you and the toilet must be lovers" Luke said. We all got to laughing. If they only knew the truth. That I watched my mother fuck my two best friends.
As night approached I got out the sleeping bags. Luke took the couch, I felt guilty and took a sleeping bag along with Chris and Jim on the floor. We got to bed around 12.
I was woken up by my phone vibrating.
Mom: Wake Luke up. I needz him.
Me: For what?
Mom: You'll see honey.
"Luke" I whispered "My Mom wants us."
"Now?"
"Yes now."
We stumbled up stairs. Mom was still on the couch. She had an empty wine bottle beside her and a wicked grin on her face.
"Eric sit over there" pointing to a chair in the corner of the family room. "Luke, taste me" she said as she spread her legs wide. Luke wasn't dumb and got down between her legs. He used his long tongue and began licking up and down her pussy.
"Describe how it tastes for Eric."
"Sweet but salty."
"Yes you see that pink nub poking out, lick it and swirl your tongue around it baby."
"Yes oh yes!!!!" Mom cried out.
"Now get up Luke and let me taste you." She said as she swallowed Luke's 8" cock slowly. Then she started gagging. I got up to check on her but she put her finger up in protest.
"Gulp gulp gulp" were the sounds of her deep throating Luke.
She withdrew Luke and said "Jesus Eric! Start jacking off, I knew you've been spying on me all day. A mother always knows."
I did just that. Gripping my 7" cock in my hand and began pumping.
Mom turned around and bent over. Luke entered her from behind.
"Slow Luke, it's so big!"
I got closer to them and I could smell the sex between them. He finally got his dick into the hilt when Mom said "My husband could never reach me that far, you're hitting my cervix and it feels fucking fantastic...now pound the fucking shit out of me."
Luke started thrusting hard into her. His thighs slapping her round, plump ass.
"Describe it for my son Luke, how does it feel?"
"She's milking my cock Eric, she's so fucking tight."
Luke began spanking her and then grabbing her hips.
"Fuck me baby! My big strong man Luke-Y" Fuck me with you're big dick. Keep it up! Keep it up!"
He reached her hair and used it to pull her up so their bodies were closer and he could wrap his arm around her breasts.
"She's so warm and tight Eric."
"Fuuuuuck me, I'm cumming I'm cumming Luke! Give me a baby! Cum inside me, I want to feel it deep!"
"Ahhh" Luke screamed as began pounding faster. Then I could sense him tensing up and spurt loads into my mother.
"That's right honey I'm you're slut Mommy now, whenever these boys come over I get fucked...Understood?"
"Yes."
The next day Mom retrieved our clothes from the dryer.
"Sorry Eric, for you know."
"It's not you're fault and I kinda liked it."
"Really!? Well how about we come over next week?"
"Okay sounds good."
Shit am I a cuckhold to my mother now? Whatever it is I'll make it work. Maybe I'll get to score with Chris's hot twin sister now? He owes me.
Mom sat us down. She told us she'd like to do it again with Luke, Chris and Jim but it has to stay with the core group. She's got a reputation to uphold in the community.
She drove the boys home and on the way back she got something from the glovebox. It was a box of condoms. She smiled.
"What's this for?"
"Us."
"Us honey."
When we got back home she told me to follow her to her bedroom. She got in the doorway and stripped her shorts and blouse off. She pulled my shorts down. I was raging hard. Next, she slipped a condom from the package on my dick.
"Honey I know you're a virgin and last night was tough so I've decided that who else better to take it than someone you trust."
She got on her back on the bed and I wasted no time aiming my cock in her vagina. I slowly pushed in. She was so overwhelmingly warm and wet. She was gripping me too.
"Now that you're inside Eric, fuck me!"
I began slowly building up speed. I grabbed ahold of her tits and began mauling them.
"Kiss me honey."
I began French kissing my mother. Using my tongue. I was fighting for air. I was about to cum.
I decided I wanted to try doggy-style so I flipped her over and jammed my cock back in. Her beautiful ass staring back at me.
"God damn Eric! I thought you would of cum by now! You're so deep."
I came. Luckily I was wearing the condom because I would've shot three massive loads deep into her if I hadn't.
"Thank you" I said.
"Anything for my son."