Please do rate and comment on the stories. This gives me motivation.
Welcome back readers! My story is more about the mental stimulation and kick that we all get while crossing the taboo boundaries instead of bang-bang. I think anticipation of something new is far more aphrodisiac than the physical realization of a fantasy. Well, its always good to have some physical action time to time.
My friends, Its been a long time and I haven't described how do we really look. We are not a Gym freak or anything like that but we are very fit. I have a lean body with muscles wherever a fit guy can have without any bulk. Jyoti too is fit and after marriage I am observing that she is gaining some weight which is giving her voluptuous appearance. Lately she is gaining and her ass and thighs are showing the advancement and so does her boobs. If you look at the model Jessica Kylie, she can be called her doppelganger including her face and body. But all those delectable assets are hidden under loose clothing mostly. I have asked her to start some form of exercise or workout so that her gains can be controlled and directed. I was not able to emphasize much on this aspect because it gives her the memories of Angela and her gym plans. All-in-all my wife is a Red-Hot girl at the peak of her charms.
Coming back to our story, we were in a difficult phase of our relationship. Both of us were unclear of what we expect from each other (especially myself) and what we are capable off (especially Jyoti). As I mentioned earlier that I was asked to visit Brazil. I was part of a 3-member group who will be stationed for few months to ensure smooth operation for our clients and We will be working in different cities from our client's office. I was given responsibility for a major bank as client and they provided me office space which was located in Rio de Janeiro. Long story short, Client was paying a hefty amount and we were forced to visit as Brazil was not preferred destination in terms of growth perspective. I was to be paid 3 times of my yearly wage in these few months. Looking at the handsome amount, I accepted the offer. I will be compensated fully for relocation and housing for these few months.
Jyoti was not excited about moving. She didn't question my decision though. We were packing and we had to relocate by the coming weekend. Things at home were still weird. Somehow this moving has given us both sometime to think upon what happened with us. After a lot of effort, we were able to get us ready for the flight on Saturday. We were to stay in hotel for few days before finding a suitable location to stay. Client has tagged with us a bank employee to coordinate and fulfill all our needs in coming days. His name is Carlos and he is a middle age man of maybe 45 to 50 years. Carlos English was unintelligible over phone call hence he used to let his young son talk.
I explained to Jyoti that Brazil is a whole different world than America & India. I said that, I too have no clue of this country, its people, places and culture apart from what's in pop culture. We have to somehow manage our time there. People don't speak English well there and that will become a huge barrier for us in our day-to-day life. She said, "somehow, I got hang of American English and now again I will be back to zero". I kissed her and just smiled. We reached Airport and checked in to our hotel. We were travelling very heavy thanks to Jyoti.
For next few days, I was busy at the work and sadly Jyoti was caged in the Hotel. Carlos helped me search a house on rent. Basically, he asked his brother to rent us his house for few months as it was vacant and it was next door to where Carlos was living with his family. I agreed because the house and the neighborhood were great and all essentials were at walking distance. For the week that we stayed at the hotel, Jyoti has made a friend with a local girl (housekeeping staff at the hotel) as she was one of the few people speaking in English and was very friendly in nature.
I came to know about the friendship only on the last day as we were leaving and this girl came to see us off. I saw the Girl (Carla) and I was astonished. She was a looker! I found out later that she was struck with tragedy and have opened up to Jyoti. I heard her referring Jyoti as Joy as a form of endearment. They had already exchanged numbers and have promised to meet in coming times.
We settled in the new house and on day 1 we met with Carlos and his family. He has a beautiful wife and 3 kids, 2 girls of similar age group of early 20s and a boy of late teens. We were invited for dinner and the Martin's were very welcoming. Carlos's wife Marla was very caring and Jyoti and all the ladies gelled together pretty well. Finally, we were settled and Jyoti got some company. That night I attempted intimacy after the plumber incident but Jyoti was not up for it. She was in pleasant mood but said she was tired. Well, a week passed and I was totally held up at office doing late hours. At the same time Jyoti got closer to Carla and Martin's. She was not complaining much about my absence as she was having an adventure of sorts while managing the household.
For the past many days, she was wearing her Indian kurta (top) and pajamas (bottoms) but on Sunday morning she wore a tank top and shorts. I was surprised while she was avoiding looking me in the eyes all morning. Once we sat for the late breakfast, after the meal she said she would like to talk to me about something. I was worried and my heartbeat started drumming. I asked her if everything is all right and she said it's all fine.
She started by sitting next me and put her head on my chest. She said that she is very sorry. I asked her why she is sorry & what she has done. She looked at me but didn't said anything. I saw her and she was just not able to utter, she wanted to express but she was nervous about something. I took her in my arms and comforted her. I said that she can't do anything that will hurt me, I requested her to utter whatever was bothering her.
She said she is sorry for that day. I knew what she was saying but I feigned ignorance and asked her what day. She said, when I shouted on you and used abusive & inappropriate words in front of you. I asked her to forget it and I begged sorry. She put her finger on my lips and said there is more.
Jyoti -- I am sorry for something else too; I have shared that incident which happened to us with Carla.
I was surprised, how could she share such a private thing with a stranger.
Jyoti -- I know what you must be thinking but I have developed a friendship with her and found myself very comfortable with her. She shared her stories about her ups and downs and her latest heartbreak and while consoling her I said something which led to unfolding of all our story from the beginning.
I said that, I hope she was not thinking of us as some weird couple. There are few things which is better to be known only between spouses.
Jyoti -- I know and I am sorry but she was very supportive......
I interjected, I know she has become your friend and she will perhaps support you and that's good that you have a friend who understands you. Jyoti lifted her finger again to stop me from saying and had a very faint smile on her face.
Jyoti -- I was saying that she is very supportive of you and your views!
I was not able to comprehend what she was saying and had a blank expression on my face.
Jyoti -- Yes, for the past few days, she has been talking and always giving me reasons behind all your actions and also motivating me.
When I stayed silent, she continued.
Jyoti -- She told me that getting a husband/ partner who is supportive of you and encourages you to better yourself is a blessing. I told her about our honeymoon and how I was picked up for the bikini competition and how I got cold feet. I also told her that I was fighting my morals and self-criticizing myself after that incident and how it affected our relationship. She was very concerned. She listened to all our story and told me many things. There were many things that she said but the one that stuck with me is to let life happen and don't judge everything on the basis of morals. She added that if you are having cold feet or having hard time deciding something then judge your actions on the basis of happiness of your loved ones. If an action that you are about to perform brings smile on your loved ones face than that act is good.
Jyoti -- So while dressing up today morning, I asked myself, If I wear a small top and shorts then how will you feel. I closed my eyes and imagined you smiling looking at me and I just got them on me. Please tell me you like it. Your happiness and satisfaction should be my priority and I have neglected that and for that I am sorry. Please tell me, I am very nervous.
I was speechless, I was having a feeling like a beggar has won a lottery. I stood up and hugged her so tight and lifted her up and kissed her passionately. I felt free from burden. I blessed Carla in my thoughts. I smiled wide and thanked her for caring for me and for dressing up for me.
When we settled after our romance, Jyoti began telling me about the Marla and her son Luke. Since the sisters are mostly busy doing what they do Jyoti had not met them. Marla was very helpful and supportive to us in this 1st week. Her son Luke has brought many items of help to our house at the insistence of Marla.
Jyoti -- Marla is a complete woman; she runs her house and lives of all her family members and does that without breaking a sweat. Also, Luke is very good boy. He is very shy and seems to be very introvert. He is a great student and always tops his class. Since you were busy for past week, we need to go for shopping. I need to return the favors to Marla.
I agreed, it was my off day and these chores must be completed. While leaving to change, I asked Jyoti that has she forgiven me for that plumber incident. Jyoti looked at me pensively and said that even though its still difficult to forget that incident but I have stopped blaming you for that. It was an accident.
I thought, at least her thinking is moving in a positive direction. Jyoti started to leave the room to change her dress. I was disappointed but I remembered Angela's words that pushing Jyoti will be futile. Jyoti quickly changed into that universal Indian attire of kurta and pajama. We left to a near by mall which was just 5 minutes walking.
We discovered that there is a huge Gym just at the corner of our street and the market starts from there. While out Jyoti observed that almost all the women were wearing shorts and top or a short sun dress. Most of them were beautiful and bold. We also observed some PDA here and there. Jyoti ignored and kept quiet. While we were observing gentry, Gentry was observing Jyoti as her dress was very unique.
As I have heard that Brazilian women were one of the most beautiful, sexy and bold women in the world. They take care of them selves quite well and maintain there beauty standards to the highest level, so much so that Brazil is one of the biggest beauty market of the world and they perform most number of aesthetic surgeries on women like boob & ass enhancement etc. I was experiencing that 1st hand at the office and now at the neighborhood. Jyoti was uncomfortable as this was 1st time she was out in a Brazilian city. That too in a world renowned Rio! It was a déjà vu moment as the same kind of tension we felt when we stepped out on the 1st day on our honeymoon at the beach resort.
This time Jyoti showed some maturity. She tried to 1st ignore when she saw few very boldly dressed women with an hour glass figure but after completion of our shopping and while coming back, she mentioned that, "the dresses that I feel shy about wearing in our bedroom and house even when I am alone, women here are wearing them on the street, I can't believe this". I just pulled her closer and said, I can understand your surprise, even I am surprised.
We reached home quickly; I was feeling very aroused due to what Jyoti wore in the morning and after seeing all those beauty on streets. I hugged Jyoti and started grazing my palm on her boobs. Her 1st reaction was to stop me but when I persisted, she just melted.
I said to her, "dear, I am in so much love with you, I am floored by your morning gesture. I wish you wore the same dress with me to the market. I am sure, you look far more beautiful than those women out in the streets."
Jyoti looked up at me and said, "how can you say or even ask me that, what will Marla and Carlos think. How can you allow me to dress like that."
I just smiled at her and said, "Marla and Carlos wont even think anything odd, also what you wore in the morning is way more conservative that what we saw women wore outside."
Jyoti -- You know where we come from, even the male of our country doesn't go out in baniyan (wife beater tank top that men in India wear inside shirts) and you are saying that me, a traditional married women should wear it outside on street.
I said, "Yes, I am saying the same, I want you to open up, we are not in India and frankly speaking, I will request you to wear a tank top even if we are in India. Please."
Jyoti -- You know the shorts and top idea was only for Sunday and that to strictly inside our house.
I said, "Ok, then what you would have done if a delivery guy showed up at the door or even better Luke showed up." Jyoti bit her figure and said that she didn't think of that scenario. I laughed and said, "What if I say, you wear tops and shorts in the house for next week and don't change when someone comes, Please, this will definitely put a big smile on my face". Jyoti smiled and felt like she got trapped in her own logic. She just said OK, she will try. Oh, I was supper happy.
Jyoti segregated some of the grocery item and asked me to come to Martin's house to give them some of the things back and thank them. I agreed and went with her. They were our next-door neighbors and the moment we came on street; we saw, few guys were hitting Luke. I quickly ran and came in between trying to stop the punches. They boys ran and Luke was bruised and blood was coming from his lips. He started sobbing and then went running inside his house.
We too went behind him and saw Marla running behind him to his room. We waited and after 5 minutes Marla came out and sat on the dinning table and started crying. We just couldn't understand what was the matter. Jyoti asked Marla about Luke's bruises. Marla, just waved her hand. We sat down on the table and started consoling her. Marla spoke up.
Marla -- Thank you for intervening!
I asked what is the matter, why can't we complaint to some authority.
Marla -- Just let it be, I am really worried about Luke. You know he is good in studies but he is not so good in other parts of his life. He is not part of any sports team, he has no friends and is just alone.
I asked her that why those boys were hitting Luke to which Marla replied.
Marla -- Well as I said, He is a nerd and very bad in making friends, especially when it's a girl. Long back, he went to a party where he was invited, after my insistence, he went to attend but there few boys and girls teased him and made him drink force fully and made an embarrassing video of him. He was devastated by that and since then he has lost all the confidence. Since his sister also got embarrassed by this video, they started treating him badly and ignored him. He has completely closed himself and only shares his feelings with me when I force him.
Jyoti & Myself felt really sad, Jyoti asked about the boys hitting him.
Marla -- I think its about a girl, there is a small beach event here organized by Carlos's brother and he is supposed to be there with a girl and I think he asked someone for it and her boyfriend came with her friends. This is my best guess as what little he just now told me.
After talking to Marla and Carlos in the evening we went back to our house. Jyoti was upset. She told me, Luke reminds her one of her cousins with whom she was very close before marriage. Well the next 6 days went while I was again held up by office works. On Monday, Jyoti wore her Indian attire. I showed her my disappointed baby face and went to office. At office, she sent me a selfie with a top with loose sleeves and biggest shorts. I was happy while she was looking very cute.
Next day, she wore a T-shirt long and Shorts from the morning and I beamed with smile. She told me that she shared me request with Carla and Carla insisted not to disappoint me. I said that Carla is an angel who has come to my rescue. She pinched me and pushed me out of the door. She told me she changed he dress back to Indian when she visited Marla. This continued and on Friday evening when I returned home, I saw Jyoti in a very tight tank top and very short shorts. This was the shortest that she had. I just grabbed her the moment I entered the house. When I calmed down, I saw Jyoti not being in the moment. I asked her what happened and she told me all about the week.
Jyoti -- I met Marla and Luke many times this week. Once Marla was not at home and I found Luke answering the door. He was very uncomfortable facing me. I grabbed the door when he was shutting and went inside. I said to him that, he can consider us as his family and not be embarrassed by what happened. He was not talking at 1st but I told him that I had a cousin who looked like him and showed his pic on my phone, he was really surprised by the uncanny resemblance. When I shared that how I missed him and I really wish I could see him, he started opening up. He showed me his project and all. We spoke for half an hour when I asked him about that incident.
Jyoti -- Firstly, he said let it be. You can't do anything. I said that, hey, you know, If anyone would have hit my cousin back in India, I would have crushed their skull with the help of my brothers and friends. He said that, he asked this girl for the date on a beach event but unfortunately, she hooked up with some bad guy recently as she was one of the very few single girls he knew. I asked him why he must go with a girl on that day. He told me that, its kind of any yearly event and all his friends, cousins etc will come to this party and he thought if he has a girl with him, all his past will be forgotten, his parents and sisters will start respecting him and at last he will not be an embarrassment to Martin's.
I was listening very patiently and Jyoti was very passionately telling this.
Jyoti -- I asked him, why being with a girl is so important to you. I said that in our country its not how the boys are judged by their family and relatives. He dejectedly looked at me and said that he already warned me that I won't understand. He said, its not India, its Brazil! I am wasting our time. After getting irritated, he said, look at your dress (I was wearing a long and loose kurta and shalwar), you dress like an alien how can you understand our culture and mindset. I told him, I am sorry for frustrating him. He was having tears in his eyes when I left his house.
Jyoti -- After coming back, I called Carla and told her all this. She told me that the boy is right and he needs a girl to be accepted in his social circle, She told me many reasons for it. When I told her about the alien comment that he made, she was surprised that even after my promise of wearing shorts and top, why was I wearing my loose dress. I told her that shorts and top is meant only for the house and not for outside. She just gave me disappointed sigh. She told me that looking beautiful is the norm here. I said that I look beautiful in my Indian loose dresses too. She laughed and said Joy please understand the standards of beauty here. Until you don't show your half thighs and cleavage with back, sometime side boobs, you will be termed at Puritano/ Prude or a village girl without any class.
Jyoti -- Carla requested me to wear my best top and shorts and look for more dressing ideas. That's when I put on this top and shorts which you can see is very tight. I hope I am not looking ugly or vulgar because .....
I held Jyoti again and said that she is the most sexy and hot girl in Rio right now. She just smiled as she didn't took my words seriously. She said..
Jyoti -- After I wore this, there was a bell on the door and as I was on a high after Luke's outburst and Carla's speech; I opened the door and saw Luke standing. He was not even looking at me while holding something that Marla sent for me. I picked it up and asked Luke to come inside. Luke started mumbling which I couldn't understand as some of it was in Portuguese. I stopped his rant and told him that I was sorry for being insensitive to his feelings and his culture. He looked at me and smiled after seeing me dressed. I told him that back in our country women don't dress like this and every second of me being dressed like this and in front of you is like a sin.
Luke -- Hey, I see that we both are sorry for what we said but still my problem remains. I am feeling lost. It seems like there will be one more year of humiliation and embarrassment in store for me.
Jyoti - He started moving towards the door to leave. I started having a similar feeling which I had when plumber showed up. Even if I was dressed in an immoral and vulgar dress as per my standards both Plumber and Luke were not acting strange as if I am all dressed in saree. I called to him and said to him that I know a girl who is a friend and if I request, she will agree to accompany you on that day. She is a bit elder that you, like of my age. I hope you will be okay. Luke turned around and with delight he ran and hugged me.
While saying this Jyoti looked at me and said that "I am really sorry, I am keep getting in these situation where I feel, I am committing an immoral act and I have to keep saying sorry to you, my sorrys are loosing its value". When I hugged her tightly while kissing her forehead, she felt my hardness. She looked down and felt it with hand and looked at me.
Jyoti -- I have observed that whenever there is an odd situation, you get hard, this happened on the beach, during bbq, plumber incident and today. Please tell me if this means you don't like me or you want me to do these sinful and lowly acts.
I said that this is just the excitement caused by her hot body standing so close to mine. I asked her what happened when he hugged you and from where you will get a girl.
Jyoti -- Well I was shocked and couldn't decide on my reaction for few seconds. I saw him happy for the 1st time after we met 2 weeks back. He separated after few seconds and then I left my breadth which was stopped due to sudden hug. After I sent him, I called Carla and told her all about this but she told me that she was already booked tickets for Sala pala (She didn't knew the name Sao Paulo) for tonight to visit her ailing mother over the weekend.
I asked her that when is the party, and she said its on Sunday, 2 days from today. She was very tensed and said that
Jyoti -- I don't know why I got myself involved in this and I don't want to be the person or the reason for more disappointment for Luke. He was so happy which can be seen in his eyes. Probably by now he would have told this to Marla. I can't face Marla after this.
I started wrapping my head around all this. My hard core conservative wife was standing with me in our temp house of Rio, wearing a tight fitting short dress. She has just hugged an 18-year-old guy and was arranging a meet up for him with her friend. I was really hot and hard. I just closed my eyes for a second and has a familiar image of her standing nude in the crowded hotel lobby where we did our honeymoon. I think, there is some connection to all these feelings. By the time Jyoti was in kitchen started making team for me. I went to our room to change. While having bath, I was so excited that I orgasmed without much touching myself.
I started analyzing myself. Why I get excited when Jyoti gets into these odd situations, why I always encourage her to dress in smaller clothes. I asked myself, if I am satisfied with what Jyoti was wearing today and surprisingly the answer came as NO. I read somewhere that if kinky feeling persist even after your Cumming then you really want that kinky stuff. I closed my eyes while water was falling on my head. I was relaxed and started going through all the instances of our marriage and my cock just sprang back. I looked in the mirror and said to myself that I want Jyoti to wear as little at possible. Then I said to myself in the mirror that I don't blame myself for the plumber incident and I am happy that the plumber saw my wife's precious and hidden body parts. My hard on was intense at this point. I confessed that I want Jyoti to be an exhibitionist and will device ways and means to make sure this happens.
Suddenly a thought hit me, If not Carla, why cant Jyoti accompany Luke as a date. I was cumming without touching myself. Oh my God, what a revelation. After I cummed, I was still on a high and wanted to realize my fantasies.
To be continued.......
Next update very soon.