Laura was looking forward to her first day of work, and the care she took while dressing belied that fact. She described herself as "pretty", and knew that she was far from beautiful. However, because she was going to be interacting with clients, she dressed to accentuate the accents that she had.
Her navy blue, lacy bra encased her firm 34B breasts snugly, although she far from needed it to hold them against gravity. Her matching thong would preclude panty lines beneath the form-fitting, above the knee skirt she had selected. Her makeup was tastefully and professional appearing, accentuating her large, lustrous eyes and kiss-me lips. Her blouse was white, with the top several buttons undone-not enough to appear unprofessional, but hinting at where her scant cleavage was. The blazer that matched the skirt would help keep her appearance professional as well, and the medium-heeled spikes matched the skirt and blazer to complete the ensemble.
Giving a last critiquing glance in the mirror, Laura picked up her briefcase before driving in to work. She had just landed her editorial job after only a few years working for this book publisher. However, while some had criticized her for going outside her lane, the notes that she had left on manuscripts had garnered her the attention of the supervising editors, and ultimately led to her promotion-her dream job. Now she would have the major editing role, and a staff to support her.
Laura had thrown herself into her work. Her parents had cut her off from them for pursuing this career instead of working in healthcare-a job they had described as "economically safe". She had no siblings left alive, her grandparents had all died years ago, and her only aunt lived on the other side of the country. Because of this, she had learned self-reliance, but at the expense of friendships. She was all alone in this city, but she relished the experience.
Arriving at the skyscraper that housed her publishing company employers, she walked through the expansive and expensive lobby to the elevators, pushing the button for a floor several above what she had previously done. Arriving to her suite of offices, she greeted her staff pleasantly and cheerfully as she moved to her own office. Closing the door, she leaned back against it and gave a muffled squeal of giddy joy.
The rest of the day was spent arranging her office as she needed supplies or materials while maneuvering through her workload. The next several weeks were spent similarly, slowly arranging her office to suit her while being productive as well. Her time off was spent mostly arranging for decorations for her office, and work that she wasn't able to accomplish accompanied her home.
As time went on, however, she became aware that she was missing out on relationships. Her staff would get together every now and again, or she would overhear them talking about time spent with friends or family. Laura began to make up her mind to be more open to relationships.
The following Monday, Laura's secretary knocked at her door and announced that her next appointment was waiting in the conference room with his manuscript, and the entire board of editors was going to be in this meeting. These initial meetings were all the same-somebody famous or noteworthy had written something (usually with the help of multiple ghost writers or a co-writer), and it was being pitched to the company as a business offer.
Laura's attire this day was the same as other days-professional, yet flirty. It had a tendency of making women jealous of her, and men desire her-both of which she used to her advantage, thereby taking advantage for her employers. Today, she was dressed even more simply however. Black, patent leather, knee-high, spike-heeled boots, and a sweater dress with just the right amount of cleavage and clinginess.
Walking in to the conference room, she appraised her potential client even as he sized her up. She knew that he was a thought-provoker with his writing, which was well known. However, his bio pictures-always designed to show the writer to their best advantage-had done him a disservice. He was extremely well dressed, and even more handsome than she had anticipated. She felt arousal for the first time since college.
She noticed that the attraction was mutual, but fortunately (unfortunately?) the rest of the editors were arriving and making their greetings. The writer-Stephen-was pitched by his agent appropriately. The rest of the editors allowed her to be the primary in the appraisals and negotiations. She was working on developing her reputation, and she knew it. She made her statements as fair yet discretionary as possible, and by the end of the meeting knew that she had acquitted herself well.
However, despite the talks, she felt the undercurrent between her and Stephen. If he weren't a client, she was certain that she would have followed up on the situation, but she had a job to do. And she would do it well.
As the meeting concluded, handshakes were given all around. The senior editor winked at her and squeezed her shoulder as he walked by Laura, and several of Laura's superiors also gave her discrete congratulations as they made their way from the room. Stephen's agent, Tim, was also appreciative, and made statements about looking forward to possibly working more with her in the future. Stephen, however, lingered.
"I hope you don't feel I was too hard on your work," Laura decided to emphasize. "You're obviously well accomplished, but there's just a lot that needs to be done in order to keep your reputation," she explained.
Stephen laughed. "I've been through the process a few times," he quipped. "Truth to tell, I just come up with the ideas and dictate them, then others actually write them out so they make sense. I'm a terrible writer on my own," he winked at her. Again, there was that undercurrent in the room, and Laura felt herself becoming sucked into Stephen's fuck-me eyes.
Over the next few months, Stephen's agent and Laura were in touch frequently. The manuscript was in the final phases after what seemed to be interminable rounds of meetings, but Laura knew that the time and effort would be well worth it to both her employers and Stephen. However, she had made little progress in her search for friends. She had allowed her social skills to lapse too far in focusing on her education and career, and found herself unable to interact on anything other than a professional level.
Finally, the finalizing touches were being placed on Stephen's book. This necessitated more and frequent conversations, and of necessity she found herself contacting Stephen directly. Several times they met at restaurants or cafes for these discussions, and Laura found herself flirting more and more earnestly with the man. To her credit, Stephen flirted back, frequently touching her hand, thigh, or shoulder.
Eventually, the manuscript was published. Once the completion of the run was announced, Stephen called Laura to invite her over to celebrate. She expected him to be in business casual, as he always was, but she decided she wanted to impress. She did her makeup more formally and more flirtatiously, making her eyes smoky, and with a deeper shade of lipstick than she usually used.
She also had allowed herself the luxury of buying some new dresses. Not entirely sure what Stephen had planned, she decided on a daring, red cocktail dress. It had a plunging neckline, as well as an open back-either precluding a bra. The skirt ended mid-thigh, but she decided on dark, thigh-high stockings with an elastic lace band around her leg to hold them up. She also decided on black stilettos, and placed her necessities in a clutch that matched her dress. Taking an Uber instead of trusting herself to drive after the night ended, she met Stephen at his home.
As expected, he was dressed neatly in a button down shirt opened at the collar, nice slacks, with comfortable loafers on his feet. He opened the door to his house, looking her up and down appreciatively, then laughed and pulled her in for a hug. As had become their custom, they kissed each others' cheek, but then laughed and hugged again. She was proud to notice a bulge arousing against her stomach as the hug went on, but they were in a celebratory mood and loathe to pull away.
Finally however, they did, and Stephen welcomed her into his sprawling home. He gave her a tour, starting with the bathroom ("Since all women seem to need them frequently, he winked at her), then to his home office, then the living room and den, then finally to the formal dining room and the kitchen. Stephen shrugged wryly that even though it was humongous and well stocked, he couldn't cook to keep himself alive. Instead, they were having delivery from one of the upscale restaurants from downtown.
The meal was slowly consumed as they laughed together. Barely any of the wine was consumed, and yet Laura was becoming more consumed with thoughts that were highly unprofessional. She pictured herself helping Stephen clean up, and as she placed her dishes in the sink, him pinning her to the counter and exploring under her skirt. His mouth would nuzzle her neck as he did so, murmuring to her how sexy she was. His free hand would turn her face to his, and his mouth would capture hers-sweetly and tenderly.
Suddenly, she realized that she hadn't responded to a comment he had made, and blushed furiously. His gaze at her was amused, and she tried to cover up her faux pas. Stephen was gracious enough to allow her to do so, but his look became more intense. Laura excused herself to use the restroom, anticipating his teasing. However, as she passed, his hand caught hers. Looking down at it, she was acutely aware of how aroused she had become. Her nipples were tenting her dress, and her panties were soaked.
Stephen's eyes were focused on her chest, and his hand held hers as his free hand came up to stroke her breast through her dress, briefly, then pulled it aside and exposed her breast. The backs of his fingers brushed lightly over her exposed and firm nipple, then as she gasped slid over and exposed the other. This time, however, the fingers latched firmly on her sensitive nub and used it to pull her to himself.
Stephen's chair scraped against the floor as he stood, his head fully above hers, and he let go of her hand to latch onto her remaining peak. Laura couldn't help the gasp of pleasure as he squeezed, and she felt her knees go weak. Laura's eyelids fluttered in anticipation.
Stephen's words, however, were jarring. Instead of tender, they were mocking. "Quite the easy slut, aren't you?"
Shocked, Laura's eyes went immediately to Stephen's. His were calculating, and his words would normally have infuriated her. "A little work, dinner, and you're ready to drop your panties, aren't you?" For some reason though, tonight they captivated her. The fingers on her nipples tugged insistently, and she moaned involuntarily. Stephen immediately let go, using the motion to push the sides of her dress off her shoulders, which caused the dress to pool at her feet.
Stephen looked down her body, the backs of the fingers of one hand sliding down her bare side, then around the waistband of her thong before hooking inside. "I'm surprised these are still on-even more surprised than I am that you wore them at all," he said to her. She was both angered and excited by his words and tone, but there was more.
"Take them off."
Laura's eyes remained locked on his as she immediately pinched the waistband of the skimpy panties between her thumbs and forefingers and shimmied quickly out of them, the thong dropping soddenly between her heels and on top of her dress. Stephen's finger backs went back up her side, then down over her breast and nipple, then down over her smooth mound before he slowly walked around her, taking in her nearly naked form. As he did, her breathing quickened in anticipation, and she felt a trickle making its slow way from her slit down her thigh.
As Stephen came back into view, he reached his arms out and rested his forearms on her shoulders.
"A willing slut, too," he mockingly remarked. Leaving his arms where they were, he stepped closer and whispered in her ear, "I like that."
The trickle reached the top of Laura's stockings, and she shivered in pleasure at the words.
Stephen's eyes noted the reaction by showing their amusement, and after a moment he stepped away. "Let's see just how willing you are..." he mused. Turning to the table, he picked up the wine bottle, then unceremoniously walked over to dump the contents down the sink. "Fuck yourself with this," Stephen commanded her.
Hesitantly, she stepped over to him, turning it over uncertainly in her hands before placing one high heel on Stephen's seat. This gave her enough opening to slide the neck into her dripping gash, and Stephen leaned back against the island as he watched lasciviously, amused at her eagerness. Quickly, she felt her vaginal muscles tensing around the intrusion and helping edge her more quickly towards a climax.
Stephen laughed mockingly at her. "Go ahead you slut, cum on that wine bottle. You're obviously so desperate to be fucked that literally anything will do."
For some reason, the humiliating words pushed Laura over the edge, and her body clenched as she orgasmed, her teeth biting her lips hard so that the shrieks of pleasure wouldn't echo through the house.
As she recovered, Laura became aware of Stephen's approach, and the leer as he looked at her. "Oh, yes...you're going to do just fine," he said approvingly to her. His phone came out of his pocket, and he snapped a picture of her-panting, slightly bent over, holding the wine glass deep inside her love canal. Gently, he took the bottle from her, then put his arm on her shoulder again. Stephen put the bottle on the table, then the hand slid underneath her and he frigged her clit furiously.
This time she couldn't help the shriek of pleasure as he rubbed her pleasure nub roughly. He kept rubbing hard against it as her body convulsed, and her moans became increasingly guttural. His arm on her shoulder seemed to become more steadying as he worked her body like an instrument, her hips flexing in order to get more pressure against her clitoris. His laughing mocked her, but also spurred her on. Once again, Laura came, this time her cries ringing through the house.
Finally, Stephen allowed her to collapse onto the seat. She became aware that he was on his phone talking to someone while standing in the dining room. He soon returned, taking in her still-quivering form in a long look, then told her to go into the bathroom to clean up a bit, but with instructions to return still wearing her stockings and heels.
Laura took only five minutes in the bathroom, using a luxurious washcloth and towel to sop between her legs and touching up her makeup. As she returned to the kitchen, Stephen was again seated at the table, but before she could approach, a knock came at the front door. Stephen looked at her appraisingly, then nodded approvingly. "Answer it," he instructed.
Laura paled at the order, but submissively turned and walked to the door. Opening it wide intuitively, she stepped back to allow the new guest inside before realizing with a shock that it was Stephen's agent.
The man barely glanced at her as he entered, but then suddenly turned and did a double take. "Holy fuck!" he exclaimed. "How'd you end up with HER?!?" Tim called through the house to Stephen. He too, walked completely around Laura, taking in every inch of her nakedness. As he did, she was acutely aware of the open door leading to the street, where anyone who happened to walk or drive by would be able to see her. Incredibly, it was freeing and stimulating.
Stephen came into the foyer and leaned against a door frame, enjoying Laura's situation. "She was actually really easy," he remarked casually to Tim. "I invited her over to celebrate, and she showed up dressed to the nines and ready to fuck at the slightest hint. Her clothes are still on the floor in the kitchen, and she's cum twice without me even fucking her."
The degrading talk made Laura flush with embarrassment, but also more horny. She felt Tim's hands stroking her bare flesh, and she shivered both in anticipation and revulsion. Tim's hands cupped her butt cheeks, then the fingers of one hand slid between them to her slit and into her wet crevasse. Her heels spread involuntarily, and her back arched. Her tits jutted out at the motion, jiggling in the coolness of the still-opened door, and she pushed back at the intrusion.
"See?" Stephen laughed. "Willing and ready."
"I'll say!" exclaimed Tim. "This is one randy slut! What are your plans for her?"
Laura burned at being talked about like she wasn't in the room, even as her sex sought out the probing fingers, either to get them inside her or to rub against her engorged and protruding clit. She gave a soft moan of frustration as they eluded her.
"I'm not sure yet," mused Stephen. "She'd be a great plaything, for sure. But she's also smart. She made sure to give us what we wanted, even while her company benefited mutually. I'm almost thinking that she'd be a great addition to the team."
Stephen kept his arms folded across his chest as he contemplatively walked towards Laura's searching body and Tim's groping hands. He walked around the duo, casually pushing the door closed. His arms were still folded and his face still pensive as he came back into view, and one of the arms unfolded slightly to raise her face so he could look into her eyes.
"I think though, that she'd need to give herself FULLY to the team," Stephen thought out loud. "Be at our every whim, fully at our disposal, if you catch my drift," Stephen finished to Laura. "Do you understand what that means?"
Laura shuddered at the implications of those words. She would be pleasuring anyone and everyone, without much say in the matter. Even as her educated mind revolted at the realization, her voice croaked out, "Yes."
Stephen smiled down at her, his hand drifting from her chin, down her throat, over her breast, and lightly teased her clit. "Does that sound like a workable proposition to you?" He asked, teasing and yet serious.
Laura's hips thrust forward even as her mouth clamped closed, but her head nodded.
Stephen nodded thoughtfully, then glanced at Tim. "I think you need to show us that you understand," he said to Laura. "Greet Tim appropriately."
Laura looked up at him questioningly, then realization dawned on her. Reluctantly turning away from Stephen's pleasing fingers, she turned to Tim and unbuckled his belt and pants, then fished out the incredibly hard erection hidden within. Bending down, she took it in her mouth. She'd read enough porn to know to avoid letting her teeth touch the fleshy shaft, and also that men liked it when girls took as much as they could into their mouth. She used one hand to cup and fondle the hanging sack, and the other worked the shaft even as Laura worked her mouth further and further onto the phallus.
All of a sudden, Laura felt her nether regions being intruded. By Stephen's cock or his fingers, she didn't know, but even as she reveled in the pleasure, she squealed and lurched forward. This drove her mouth the rest of the way onto Tim's cock, and caused Tim to grab her hair roughly in both hands and hold her there. Her breath hissed through her nose, even as she felt him lurching within her mouth and throat. She began to feel choked, and swallowed furiously, even as she realized that Tim had just cum inside her mouth.
Just as Laura began to enjoy the feeling, Tim's cock softened and he pulled away from her. Whatever was inside her pussy became more insistent and she pushed back, trying to get more stimulation.
"This cunt is a real pro!" laughed Tim. "She just took my whole schlong down her throat, and swallowed every drop! I think she's a keeper," he said to Stephen.
"Are you a keeper? A willing fuck slut ready to do whatever, to whomever?" came Stephen's voice from behind her. The probing within her became more forceful, and she reached out to brace herself against Tim.
"Well, are you?" came Stephen's voice, more insistently this time.
"Yes!" cried Laura. "Yes! I'll do it! I'll fuck and suck whoever you say!" she whimpered. Suddenly the thrusting and intrusion stopped, and Laura let out a frustrated, moaning whine at the denial. Stephen walked around her, wiping his soaked fingers on her face as he did so.
"We'll see," he said, looking down into her eyes. His own eyes reflected his amusement at her disappointment that he hadn't fucked her. "Go in to the den and lay on the rug. Finish yourself off for our amusement." Laura rushed towards the den, having to pause momentarily to orient herself, then threw herself onto the soft area rug in the center of the room. Her legs splayed to give the men a full view of her gaping gash, and also to allow herself maximal room to play.
Three fingers of one hand immediately plunged into her depths, while the middle finger of the other hand furiously jilled herself off. She recognized through hooded eyes that both men had their phones out and pointed at her, and it spurred her on. Laura's hips bucked to reach her insistent fingers, and she quickly reached the crescendoing wave that seized her whole body. Laura's legs clamped shut around her hands, and she convulsed and writhed in pleasure on the floor.
A long time after, Laura regained her senses. Stephen was reaching his arm down, his hand cupping her neck, the other hand pressing a glass of water to her lips. She gulped it greedily, suddenly acutely aware of both her thirst and her nakedness. After she had drunk it all, Stephen refilled it for her. She also quickly downed this one, but then was able to more slowly sip a third.
Stephen sat on the table in front of the couch, looking at her in anticipation.
"Tomorrow morning, you'll go in to the office and arrange for a meeting for yourself at my offices at the earliest convenience. You're no longer to wear undergarments of any sort without instruction or permission. Your trial period for joining my company will begin at that appointment, so make sure to dress appropriately. I'll leave that up to your judgement on what you think that means. Once you've got it set up, you'll call this number," Stephen handed her a card," and let me know that you're ready. If you prove yourself well, we'll begin taking the steps to bring you onboard. Questions?"
Laura shook her head mutely.
"This is entirely your choice. If you don't set up the meeting, I'll know that you've reconsidered and that you've decided not to join us. Any other interactions you and I have will be completely and formally business. But if you do decide to take these steps, have an IUD put in at the earliest possibility. That should keep your periods to a minimum and ensure the maximum of not needing panties. And every time you and I interact from here on out-business or not-no skirts that are longer than high thigh, understood?"
Again, Laura nodded in silence.
"Good!" Stephen stated in satisfaction. "I'm sure you can see yourself out. I look forward to hearing from you." With that, he clapped his hands on his thighs and stood, then retreated from the room. Laura heard him climbing the stairs, then slowly stood on weak legs. She moved through the house to put her glass in the sink, then retrieved her clutch to signal for a ride home. She tiredly slid her dress back on, leaving her thong on Stephen's floor.
Soon enough, her ride signaled that they were at the door. As she walked to the car, she became aware of her appearance. Disheveled hair, still smelling of sex, dribbles of male ejaculate dried on her chest. It was apparent what she had done, and she recoiled internally at the thought. Sliding into the rear seat, she gave the driver her address, her mind blank throughout the ride home. Once there, she dropped her dress into a pile on the floor, dropped her clutch on the counter, then collapsed into bed without even taking off her stockings.
The following morning, Laura awoke still tired from the night before, and slightly sore. She took longer than normal in the shower, with it running much hotter than usual. Realizing that if she didn't hurry she'd be late, she threw on the first appropriate outfit she found, then rushed towards the door. Realizing just before she opened it that she'd inadvertently thrown on a pair of panties, she hurriedly peeled them from beneath her skirt, leaving them right beside the door.
As she drove in to work, she reached behind herself and undid her bra, slipping it off from beneath her shirt at the next red light. Looking down, she realized that it would be apparent throughout the day that she was braless, but shrugged it off. Arriving at work with moments to spare instead of her normal half hour, she prioritized her work load for the day. Once that was done, she had her secretary arrange for a meeting at Stephen's office, claiming the need for follow up after the run of the book. She then called her GYN to look into getting an IUD.
The rest of Laura's day was spent in meetings. Before her secretary left for the day, she placed the appointment for two days' afternoons hence with Stephen's office in Laura's planner. Seeing it, Laura pulled Stephen's card out from the clutch from the night before she'd needed to grab on her way to work and called the number printed on it.
At Stephen's voice, she felt herself grow wet immediately.
"So you've decided to go through with it, without even considering the pay or benefits. We never discussed that, you know. You could be leaving a prestigious job to become a minimum wage whore," Stephen mocked her through the phone. Laura flinched-he was right, they hadn't discussed it. Moreover, she hadn't even thought of it. "Don't worry though, you'll be well taken care of. We'll see to the details when you show up. But don't forget-show up dressed appropriately for the position you'll be filling." Abruptly, Stephen hung up on her.
The next few days were consumed by both anticipation and dread. Laura's physician was able to get her IUD inserted, and the appropriate warnings about STDs included. The morning of her appointment at Stephen's office, she realized that she'd need to wear her outfit for him to her own work. She went much more slutty than she normally would. Her skirt was at his specified length, instead of the respectable length she usually sported. Her top was loose and almost sheer, with a neckline that went below her breasts. For work, she threw a blazer on over top it, then finalized with stilettos the appropriate color to coordinate with the rest of her outfit.
Nearly all her staff tried to hide their gawking at her throughout the morning, but by the time lunch rolled around, had become engrossed in their jobs. Laura, however, was driven to distraction. She used the bathroom several times in order to clean up the leaking fluids coming from her, and her secretary winked at her conspiratorially.
At the appropriate time, Laura locked her office, taking much of her day's work home with her. Before getting into her car, she removed the blazer and folded it carefully in the back. All too soon, and yet not soon enough, she was at Stephen's office building. She felt vulnerable and exposed as she walked through the parking lot and into the reception area. The secretary seated there eyed her appreciatively as she stated her business, then paged Stephen.
After a few nervous moments, Stephen came through a side door and greeted Laura warmly, with their accustomed hugs and cheek kisses. He took her by the hand to guide her into the conference room. Assembled there were several of his department heads-a mix of men and women. All were attractive, and all the women dressed more provocatively than was normal for an executive staff. The clothes were all either tight or extremely loose, the skirts short, and the necklines very risque.
Stephen stood Laura at the head of the table. "Everyone, this is Laura. She's looking to be a part of her staff, and I envision her being a part of this group shortly. Because of that, I want you to introduce yourselves properly."
With that introduction, the man immediately to Stephen's right stood up and pushed her to her knees. "Don," he said, fishing his cock out through his pants. "I'm head of Legal." Once he had freed himself, Don gently but insistently pulled Laura's head to the protruding phallus. Laura opened her mouth and took him inside, enjoying the feeling swelling in her mouth.
She felt her top being pulled off her shoulders, and her hands helped with getting it over her breasts to bunch around her waist. A pair of hands immediately began kneading her tits, and she moaned around the cock beginning to protrude down her throat. Suddenly, Don's hands held her head still, and she gulped greedily at the load he shot into her. As he pulled away, she looked up, memorizing his face, even as she wiped the remnants of his cum from the corners of her mouth.
Next up was Michal, head of security. He pulled her up and sat her on the edge of the conference table, removing her skirt in the process. He sank himself fully into her quim, taking a steady pace. Hands on both sides of her played with her tits, and one reached down to stroke her clit. The combination of sensations, of being nothing but a sex toy for this group of people and all the degradation that accompanied it, was exhilarating. It wasn't long before she began to feel an orgasm building. Before she could though, Michal thrust hard into her and gasped. She clamped her vaginal muscles down hard on the warmth of wetness that suddenly flooded her, then Michal stepped away.
Next up was Liz, head of marketing. She pushed Laura from the table and onto a chair, then pulled her own skirt up, revealing her own naked, bald slit under the skirt. Laura understood that she was supposed to go down on Liz, and did what she thought would feel good if it were being done to her. Soon Liz was gasping, and Laura went from alternately licking Liz's vaginal opening to suckling and lapping at her clit.
Liz soon climaxed on Laura's face, then stood up onto shaky legs. "She's one of the best carpet munchers you've brought in yet," she said to Stephen.
After Liz had moved on, Daniel (head of maintenance) came up. He pulled Laura up from the chair and bent her over the conference table. He easily slid into her well-lubricated hole, reaching around her to pull and twist her nipples. He was rough, but oddly enough Laura felt herself enjoying it. She looked around at the faces watching her and reveled in the feelings of being so slutty.
Soon enough, Daniel too was ejaculating inside her. Then came Toni, Stephen's Office Manager. She too was bare, but she had Laura lay out on the table and scissored both their legs together, using Laura's mound to get herself off. Unlike the others, Toni stripped herself naked, and the hands of all the watchers except Stephen went back and forth between both women until Toni came.
The last member of the group was Tim. He gave Laura a malevolent leer before bending her over. He rubbed his cock along her dripping gash, then began to push it against her rosebud.
"Slow!" Laura yelled. "I've never done that before!" Stephen suddenly stood up and put a restraining hand on Tim's shoulder.
"Not today," he said. "We'll train her for it first. No point in turning her off to the whole thing." Tim agreed, his thumb going into Laura's pussy before gently probing her virgin hole, but his cock slipping easily into her slippery channel. As he thrust in and out of her, Stephen spoke to her.
"Now, go back through and tell everyone's name and position, and something you remember about them." Laura went around the room in the order she saw each person. "Don is Legal. His cum tastes good. Toni is Office Manager. She's a showoff slut. Michal is Security, and could last longer if he'd learn to pace himself. Daniel is Maintenance, and likes to be rough."
Tim began to pick up the pace, making it harder for Laura to talk. "Liz is Marketing and tastes good too, plus was my first woman. And Tim is your agent, and enjoys all the liberties and perks of that position." With that, Tim pulled out and turned Laura around before pushing her to her knees.
"She's going to do just fine, Stephen," Tim gasped as he jerked himself off towards Laura's face. She opened her mouth in anticipation, and moments later Tim was shooting her load across her face and into her hair. Quite a bit of it made it into her mouth, and after Tim was done, held it open for all to see before she swallowed.
"I think that picture would make a fine employee ID for her," said Michal. "That's what a lot of people are going to be seeing anyways." Several sniggers went up around the room, and Laura flushed with humiliation.
"Go ahead and get a good shot of her like that, and we'll consider it," Stephen said. "Probably not though." Laura smiled at Toni as the other woman, still naked, used a digital camera to get both a closeup and a full length picture of Laura, almost naked, covered with and dripping cum from both men and women. She then lead Laura to a bathroom that opened into the conference room to clean up.
Afterwards, the two women returned to the group. Toni got dressed, but Laura was to remain nude. Stephen had her take notes as the group discussed business, then adjourned. Stephen retreated to his office as Toni helped Laura to get dressed, then gave her a tour of the building.
It wasn't large, as Stephen didn't run nearly as large a corporation as Laura was currently employed by, and there were only a couple of other people to meet. Sally was the secretary that Laura had first encountered and kept track of everyone's calendars, Sue was the administrative secretary that kept track of all the paperwork. Glen and Brian were the custodians, and Liz had Tracey and Nikki working for her.
"My understanding is that mostly, your role is to be Stephen's Personal Assistant. However, when you're not attending to his needs, you'll be attending to whatever else anyone in the office might need or want at the moment. Needless to say, you'll be busy," Toni prattled. "Sex is only part of it. Plenty of it goes on, with all of the women being bi. Only Michal is out of the guys though. We all service each other, but we all also have our work to attend to. You're here to help take some of the load off of all of us," she went on to explain.
With that, Toni lead Laura back to Stephen's office. He dismissed Toni, then paged Don to come in and go over her contract offering. Stephen was quite a bit below her current salary and benefits, but it was explained that both would improve as her experience with Stephen's corporation grew. She did, however, have an expense account that included clothing, but also a nondisclosure agreement to sign.
"If you're amenable to these conditions, you'll complete the afternoon with us," Stephen explained. "After that, we'll work on negotiations with your current employer to have you transition over to us permanently. All you have to do is sign and we'll take care of the rest."
Laura read over the documents again, considering yet again the changes that would be happening to her well planned, well orchestrated life. Her dream job, and the advancements that went with it.
"Of course, if you decide to leave, we'll assist you in getting another editorial job," reassured Don. "We want everything to be smooth and congenial."
With that, Laura signed the documents. Gathering them up, Don put them in a folder to which he added her name, then called Sue in to scan them into a new employee folder for Laura.
After the others had left the room, Stephen guided Laura back to the conference room. "We'll be meeting with a corporate head shortly. What I want you to do is form your impressions while servicing him and report back to me afterwards. In the meantime, you may as well prepare."
He watched appreciatively as Laura shed her clothes, then guided her against the wall of the conference room where she would be readily visible as soon as the door opened. Within minutes, Toni was introducing Ben. Standing slightly behind him, she wiggled her eyebrows suggestively at Laura as she introduced the two of them, then took a seat at the conference table. Ben stared at Laura throughout all the introductions, as well as while taking his seat.
He jumped when Laura climbed underneath the table and crawled between his legs, but opened them accommodatingly as she unfastened his pants and began to suckle him. She took her time, occasionally licking along the shaft, frequently rubbing it against her face, occasionally taking devious delight in taking him fully into her mouth and making him gasp. Throughout it all, she listened attentively to the discussion.
Once the talks were winding down, her efforts began in earnest. She slurped him down, her head bobbing rapidly, her tongue racing on the underside of his cock. Soon enough, he was draining his balls into her mouth. Once he was done, she tucked him back away and waited for him to pull back from the table. It took him a few moments, but he did, shaking Stephen's hand as he did so.
"My office will be in touch," Ben said, then turned to leave. Laura crawled out from underneath the table to shake his hand farewell, and Ben again stared at him.
"I think he wants a proper goodbye," Toni said suggestively from across the table.
Stephen laughed. "How about it Ben? Want to take a turn with my new assistant?"
Ben continued to stare, but a bulge was reforming in his pants. Stephen waved at Laura. "Go ahead."
With that, Laura's hands began to undo Ben's pants, then she lay back on the table and pulled her legs up and out, allowing this stranger that she had just sucked off full access to herself. Ben slid easily into her, and he held her legs up as he took her. He wasn't in it for anything but her own pleasure, and Laura was deviantly happy about that fact. He changed angles several times to get the most pleasure out of the experience.
Laura was enjoying it herself, and even more so when she saw the serene expression on Stephen's face. She watched it for several moments, then glanced at Toni. The Office Manager was diddling herself in voyeuristic pleasure at the show Laura was putting on, her skirt bunched around her waist, her other hand under her top playing with a nipple.
Ben pulled out and had Laura turn over, and took her splayed out face down on the conference room table. Laura's heels provided the perfect height for Ben to slide back into her, and soon he was thrusting more forcefully. Suddenly he groaned and thrust hard into her, the head of his cock bumping against her cervix as he did so. Laura felt the now-familiar warmth and wetness fill her, and clenched her core muscles down to milk everything possible from the executive.
Once he began to soften, Laura reached down and pulled his cock out of herself, wiping him clean with her hand, then licked it clean. Ben laughed appreciatively albeit shakily. Once again shaking hands with Stephen, he again said his goodbyes and left.
"Boss, she's going to be a great addition," Toni stated emphatically from her perch.
Stephen stood. "Once you've cleaned up a bit, come to my office to talk," he said, moving from the room.