A long time ago, before I first married I was dating a guy, semi seriously and we wanted to have an intimate long weekend and Mike flew us out to Hilton Head. We flew separately as we were in a long distance relationship. We were used to going back and forth between the Bay Area, Southern California as well as all points in between.
I was super excited to see Mike as it'd been several weeks since we'd had a nice time together.
For me this was an important time. I needed to see just how serious Mike was about our future and while I found Mike to be an attractive and alluring man, I needed to know if he was someone I'd like to settle, marry and have kids with. Now that I think about it, a trip to a resort on the other side of the country isn't the best way of figuring that out but it seemed to make sense.
When we met after our flights I was wrapped up in his big strong arms, smelling his scent. That alone made me want to ravish him then and there. Hello Savannah!
Mike wasn't the biggest guy I ever knew but he was solid and compact, premature gray flecks with a light beard. He was wearing a turquoise Polo shirt, khakis and loafers.
Me? I was wearing a pair of skinny low rise jeans, a red tank, red and white polka dot blouse unbuttoned and untucked and red pumps. I had my hair in a pony and had on a straw boater. I looked cute and spunky!
After collecting our bags, we got into our rental and drove to our hotel. We checked in quickly as we'd hoped to hit the beach and take a swim as it was already 9 o'clock and we were both grungy and cranky after flying across the country.
We hurried to our room and shed our clothes. While I was peeling of my tank and throwing it in a heap on top of my blouse and jeans, I turned and looked at Mike, his back was strong and sinewy, legs muscular and tanned with a pair of cute ass cheeks.
I finished taking my clothes off, dragged open my suitcase and grabbed my suit. This one was a one piece shimmery white suit. Not terribly low cut but it showed my girls off nicely. Mike saw it and smiled. I knew that that this was a winner. Mike grabbed one of my cheeks and for a moment, pushed back into his hand, grinding my ass into his warm hands.
As much as we were both having a good time, we needed to get to the beach if we wanted to swim. I was in a bit of a daze as I couldn't believe that this beautiful smart, handsome man wanted to be with me!! I must have been off in my own little world as Mike yelled at me to hurry and not finding my flip flops threw my red pumps on and grabbed my hat. Sometimes men can ruin a romantic moment at the worst times!
Back to the car, went through the fast food drive thru and made it to the beach.
It was still 85* out, humid but clear. The moon was out and it was a very romantic night. We rushed in the water, swam and played a bit. The water was bathwater warm and we would kiss and hold each other tightly in the warm Atlantic with just enough wind to tousle my hair. Mike bit my neck and grabbed a breast with his hand. I had my arms around him, holding him tightly not wanting to ever let go. My nipples were already hard, pressing against my suit, but how he used his hands on my breasts were pure joy. We both had to be in love. After this relaxing and sensual swim, we got out and toweled off a bit.
We drank the rest of our Cokes and noticing a nearby guard tower, Mike wanted to wander over. We grabbed our stuff and headed over. I regretted bringing my pumps as I couldn't really wear them in the sand and really wanted my flip flops so threw them in my bag, put my hat back on and went along barefoot. The sand was still hot though from the day and I kind of jumped, skipped and hopped my way until Mike picked me up and carried me over.
He put me down and to thank him, gave him a quick peck. Then a bit deeper and I had an idea. Pulling my hat down low on my face, I pulled my pumps back out of my bag, scampered up the steps and started flirting a bit. I'd walk around the tower and do the Miss America swimsuit strut. Then I'd dance and shake a bit. Next, I flashed him by pulling the straps of my suit so I could show off my boobs. Next time I walked around I'd planned on pulling it down to my waist and then if I were brave enough and if the beach was still deserted then I might shuck it altogether and show off my body with just my now very necessary red pumps.
Didn't get that far. Mike had decided to surprise me and he yelled boo as I rounded the corner.
Man was I scared and pissed. I must have shrieked so loud that people on the other side of the Atlantic would have heard me. Mike grabbed me and to shut me up kissed me. Here I was, half naked with the top of my suit around my waist yelling like a banshee with my tits jiggling for all to see and this mad man wanted to kiss!
Didn't take long. His kiss was warm deep and sexy. His arms started around my neck and had worked their way down to my suit. It was smooth silky and shimmery and felt nice to the touch and I know Mike liked it. After fondling my butt while kissing me, he started nibbling my neck. That's all it took for my knees to buckle a bit...I grabbed his cock with my right hand and pulled the back of his neck closer so we could kiss more deeply. I only now noticed that I was at least an inch taller than him in my heels.
He was hard now with me stroking him through his suit. I stopped and pulled his trunks down to his knees so that I could get at his penis with both hands. It was hard meaty and throbbing. Feeling it made me a bit weaker yet in the knees.
Mike was against the plywood wall during all this. I quickly looked around and not seeing anyone, became my boldest yet. I untangled my tongue from his and slowly slid down to my knees. I blew on the head of his dick with my breath. Then I licked the head underside first, working my tongue up around it. Mike thrust it further into my mouth, but was only halfway in when I started bobbing on it in earnest. Keeping my left hand on the base of his cock I ran my hands down my breasts, underneath my suit and felt my trim puss and clit. It excited me to blow Mike in a very public if secluded setting and masturbating seemed like the most natural thing in the world to do.
I would mouth his cock over and over then pull out and lick the underside of his cock or balls...I'd return to that reddish purple head and throat him some more.
By now my pussy was soaked and I had 2 fingers inside me while I rubbed my clit with the palm of my hand. I could tell that Mike was not too far away from cumming from my blow job and I guess I was right as he stopped me and slowly and lovingly pulled me up. My fingers were still in my pussy as I wasn't ready. Or was I?
Mike licked them which was so hot to see, then he turned me around facing the guard rail, and in one fast action, yanked my suit to my knees, then ankles . I was now gripping the rail, naked, the wind in my face, feeling it against my girls and pussy. I never felt so alive in my life!
I was helpless and wanted him to fuck me, not caring at all who saw us but I wanted his dick in me and NOW!
He entered me hard. Normally I like it when my love starts slow, but this time I was wanting to be fucked hard and fast.
Mike greedily complied. His hot breath came as low grunts in my ear. He was rubbing my clit as he fucked my pussy, his other arm wrapped around my waist. I heard the roar of the ocean and felt the breeze and saw stars, but something was ever so slightly off. I concentrated and noticed someone watching us from about 20 or so yards away. He was a very tell very slender black boy. It's hard to tell at night from a distance but he just didn't seem old enough to be an adult. This was both a little scary but also exciting too. Mike didn't see him as he was concentrating on filling me up. I couldn't decide to panic or give this kid a show. I closed my eyes as Mike thrust in just the right spot and I arched my back and orgasmed. This one was deep.
I opened my eyes and now this boy was closer with his dick in his hand. WOW. This is getting wilder! I moaned a bit and pushed back on Mikes cock with all my strength. I came again and this was one where I was shuddering it felt so good.
Mike roared and he shot in me, on my ass cheeks and then one last shot on my right thigh. I was afraid to open my eyes and when I did the black kid was gone.
I felt really scared but my pussy was tingling. This was the first black guy I'd seen with his penis in his hands. It was crazy how turned on I was and how I kinda wished he was fucking me now that Mike was spent. I would have gladly fucked that black guy, boy or man!
We held each other and I'd cast glances around to see that he wasn't stalking us or anything and he had simply disappeared. I never told Mike about the black guy and his big dick as I wasn't sure I believed what I saw much less expecting Mike to believe me. So weird right? We dressed, walked to Mikes car arm in arm, found no food but an all night McDonalds and had yet more fast food. Ate it on the way as we were sooooo hungry and passed out in our room exhausted and happy.