Bachelor Behavior - Part 2
by Simon Underfoot
Copyright 2022, All Rights Reserved
Day 0
In the morning, I managed a piece of toast and a cup of tea. At lunch, another cup of tea, but that was all. Keep in mind that I'm around three bills and you'll get a sense for how churned up my stomach was. That first day in front of the camera on the twentieth floor at JJC was nothing compared to how I felt sitting on my bed. I don't remember dressing, but I do remember seeing Stephanie as I walked out. She appeared almost as nervous as I felt, but looked fantastic anyway in a black pant suit that hugged her curves wonderfully, accentuating what she usually seemed to downplay. She gave me a once over, then pointed out that I'd missed a loop with my belt and wasn't wearing socks.
As nervous as I was when the limo pulled away from the curb, I felt almost calm by the time we rolled up in front of the hotel. Part of it was having lived through pressure situations on and off for the past half dozen years, but the bigger piece was Stephanie. The entire drive she was asking me questions about my childhood, or college, or anything else that came to her mind. I knew at the time she was just distracting me, but it worked, and the more I talked, the better I felt -- I actually had the driver circle the block twice to give us a little more time. Of course, everything on the ride was captured by night William, who was sitting opposite us.
As we stepped out, the excitement was back. I looked down at Steph and pulled her into a quick hug while whispering my gratitude. She smiled up at me while wiping at her eye, then grabbed my hand and led me to the front doors.
The ballroom was elegant, if fairly typical of high end hotels, but the view of the cityscape out the windows was wonderful. The women would begin arriving in about an hour, so I had time to wander around. Oddly, at least for me, I spent the last thirty minutes looking out at Chicago, enjoying the building sense of anticipation and the adrenalin coming with it.
At five minutes til, I left the ballroom and went to the adjacent meeting room Gloria had set up as the control center. I would stay there, watching the live feed on a large format TV until all the women had arrived, then make my grand entrance. We had toyed with the idea of meeting the women individually as they entered, but I couldn't think of a better way to make a terrible first impression than trying to come up with a one-liner nobody had ever heard before -- no thanks.
I honestly don't remember saying it, but as the women entered I whispered, "My God, they're beautiful." I only saw it later when the gif started circulating, courtesy of some nice up-close work from Toby, who was helping out for the Big Night. I was right, though.
It's hard to describe the scene when the doors were pulled back and the women stepped through. I had been adamant that the process would set aside physical appearance as much as possible, and I didn't care at all about money, so I was insistent that the women come dressed however they were most comfortable. The result was fantastic.
I saw a woman in a beautiful backless gown talking with a girl in tight jeans and a flannel shirt who was also wearing Chuck Taylors and a baseball cap. There were several summer dresses, and one woman wearing a leather skirt and knee high boots, but my favorite might have been the cutie dressed in yoga pants and a tank top.
Even better than the outfits was the variety of women -- it seemed I really didn't have a type. On the screen I saw a wonderful spectrum of skin tones, hair colors, heights, and weights. I was so excited that my leg was going extra fast and Gloria actually had to smack my arm to get my attention. She shook her head indulgently, then smiled. "Show time, Kai."
I grinned back and almost ran out of the room, barely sidestepping one of the technicians just entering.
I found Stephanie next to the back entrance as planned. She saw me and broke out in a smile, amused at the energy I was radiating. "I guess you're ready then?" she asked.
"If those doors don't open in the next ten seconds, I won't be responsible for my actions," I quipped. I might have been serious.
She reached up and squeezed my hand once, which I thought was wonderful, then led me into the hall.
Ever feel like you were the main course on the menu? Me neither, that would be weird. This was like being in the center ring of a circus, just before doing some death defying feat of heroic athleticism.
Every eye in the room was focused on me, or at least it felt like it, and I couldn't wipe the smile off my face. No nervousness, just a wonderful smugness paired with boundless optimism.
Stephanie handed me a mic and I realized it was my turn to speak. "Did you already go?" I asked, holding the mic away. She laughed incredulously and nodded. "I am so sorry. I don't even remember the last five minutes." She shook her head and smiled, as if I was the biggest goof in the world -- I figured that was good enough.
Turning back to the women, I raised the mic. "Thank you so much for being here. I can't tell you what it means to me that each of you is willing to put yourself through this kind of ordeal. I don't know what the road will look like, but I hope it will end with my wife.
"For tonight, there are a lot of you and only one of me..." This got some laughs and one really loud wolf whistle from the girl in the ball cap, to which I tipped my own imaginary brim before continuing. "So please try to have fun and be patient with me."
There was some clapping, a cat call, and lots of smiles.
I handed the mic back to Steph and gave her an eager smile -- she just shook her head again -- then I jumped off the stage. It was only two steps high, but I landed right next to a group of girls who shrieked, then laughed. Freakin' awesome.
The next two hours absolutely flew by as I did my best to circulate, meeting the women as quickly as possible. Stephanie played chaperone, prodding me when I had been talking with a group too long, which happened a lot.
When the top of the second hour sounded, Gloria entered and walked quickly to me, as we'd arranged. "Excuse me, Kai, I need a moment." The woman I was talking to was none-too-pleased to be interrupted, especially by such a striking individual, but thankfully didn't make a big issue out of it. "Having fun?" Gloria asked quietly. I nodded, then made my way up onto the stage, where Stephanie once again handed me the mic.
"Ladies, if I could have your attention please," I said seriously. The room became remarkably silent in less than a minute. "Unfortunately, there is an issue that requires my attention. I'm very sorry about the interruption in tonight's activities. Please enjoy yourselves and I will return as soon as the situation allows."
With a wave and a solemn look on my face, I walked quickly off stage and through the back doors with Gloria. Stephanie remained behind in the ballroom.
The idea came from Sam, and I thought it brilliant as soon as he first started describing the concept. The issue under consideration was that first impressions are notoriously unreliable, and I don't believe in love at first sight, so why would we go through all the effort of narrowing down applicants to throw that work away based on momentary urges. On the other hand, trying to have conversations with forty-five women was just too much. Sam's solution: The Plan.
Gloria and I walked quickly back to the control room, where I once again took a seat in front of the live feed. On my right was John from Aristotle, ready with his laptop.
The first hour shut in that room was pretty dry and I found myself yawning as the adrenalin drained away; somebody was nice enough to bring me a cup of chai. Moving into the second hour, however, was altogether different.
The women in the ballroom had also settled in, their eagerness wearing off, and they were getting bored. Some were getting drunk at the open bar. Conflict -- no, let's call it drama -- was in the offing, especially with Stephanie circulating and asking doubt-inducing personal questions. Harsh, but helpful for The Plan.
It wasn't fifteen minutes later that the first argument broke out. It was obvious that the two main parties were both intoxicated, so I turned my attention to the women watching the verbal altercation from nearby. Making up my mind, I spoke directly to John. "The two girls yelling at each other need to go, and I don't like the way the one in the blue dress is smirking -- it makes me think she likes this kind of thing. Put the curvy brunette in the back on the 'Tentative List.' I like that she rolled her eyes at the other two. Oh, look --" I paused as a pretty woman with dark curly hair stepped between the two arguing women and quickly guided one of them away. "Put her on the 'Yes List.'"
So it went.
I haven't mentioned it yet, but I grew up around a lot of alcohol. If my Pop isn't an alcoholic, he's pretty close. He used to take me into his favorite bar when I was little and set me up with two bucks in quarters to play the old arcade games they had around. I got to be pretty good at Dig Dug and PacMan; I also learned to shoot pool before I was nine. Anyway, there were too many times spent watching grown men fight or waiting after baseball practice because Pop forgot to pick me up.
While I don't foist my beliefs on anyone, I don't enjoy being around drunk people, and I think turning to alcohol for solace is never a good choice. This meant that all of the ladies that over imbibed had to go. So did the sad, weepy ones sitting alone and staring into space. And the women who seemed to contribute to the nonsense.
I hope you understand that these were all wonderful women as far as I was concerned. I'd read their biographies and was deeply impressed by each of them on various levels, but we knew some things would only show up in-person. Consequently, the rest of my time in that room really sucked. They say "Kindness begets kindness," and sadly, drama works the same way. By the end of the hour, the list of names for the next set of cuts was ready.
I made my way back into the ballroom, and this time it wasn't nearly so fun. I'm no good at hiding emotion, and the fact that I was letting just over half the women go was weighing on my mind. So was having to explain why I left for so long, but I was fully committed to being honest, and all of them would have the opportunity to learn the truth anyway when they got back to their rooms and looked online.
Day 1
I definitely felt like a heel for having started the in-person process with a deception, so I felt relieved when I entered the ballroom again. Twenty-one women had chosen to remain, meaning just one on my 'Yes List' had decided it was too much.
The women didn't know I would be joining them for breakfast, and several were quite put out to not be dressed in their finest, but I found the entire situation more genuine than the previous night. Besides, I like a girl in jeans.
I spent the entire morning there, talking with the ladies without discussing details. Before starting, we had decided that I wouldn't try to learn anything specifically personal about the women until I did the final cuts to try to counteract my personal biases as much as possible. It would also let me focus on things like personality and physical attraction. The problem is that we hadn't really considered how difficult it would be to narrow the field down without knowing much about them; after all, every single woman in the room was theoretically compatible with me. Even so, I had to somehow keep them straight, so I started giving them monikers in my head.
Classy was just as her nickname implied, and sexy to boot. Dark hair and dark mascara paired with a tight bun gave her an intense look, but she was soft spoken and smiled a lot.
Freckles might have been the cutest of the bunch, very tall and very fair, with strawberry blonde hair pulled back in matching pony tails, which I thought was awesome as an everyday look.
Yoga Girl was, unsurprisingly, wearing similar attire to the previous night, this time with navy pants instead of gray; her camisole left very little to the imagination. She seemed -- in a word -- playful.
Lunch came and I continued to circulate, trying to cram as much information into my overtaxed brain as possible.
Around two in the afternoon I finally begged off, thanking the group repeatedly, then retreated to the control room where I sat with my head in my hands for a solid five minutes.
"You okay?" I looked up to find Stephanie with a concerned expression.
"Impossible. It's absolutely impossible to choose."
She gave me a reassuring smile. "How do you eat an elephant?"
I rolled my eyes in response, but knew she was right. "One bite at a time." Deep breath. "Thanks, Steph." Turning to the table at which I was sitting, I started sorting the pictures that had been left there by Gloria's team, two for each of the remaining women, showing them the previous night and that morning.
Babe was stunning -- absolutely jaw droppingly gorgeous -- but conversation with her was anything but easy. She moved to the 'No Pile.'
Smiley was super sweet and very genuine, yet I didn't feel a connection. I wish I had.
Rebecca -- the only woman that had broken protocol and told me her name -- was a little too brash. She had been the one in the ball cap, and while I loved that she did what she wanted, I couldn't get past the selfish vibe she gave off.
I narrated the whole process for Day William, hoping that the women watching later would be able to see how serious I was taking the process, and that my decisions weren't arbitrary. I guess I was hoping that anyone not chosen would at least have a little closure.
The more I looked at the pictures, I realized there were a few to which I kept returning, so I moved them to the 'Yes Pile.'
After a couple hours I was down to three Maybes, and it was eating me up. I wanted so badly to keep them with me, especially the dark skinned beauty I had dubbed Tiger for the way she kept looking at me -- in the end, I trusted my subconscious to do what was best for me.
Day 2
I made my way into the ballroom.
Stephanie was waiting by the door with a smile and a hug. "They're lovely women." I nodded in agreement and looked across the room to where the six of them were sitting around a large-ish circular table, looking anywhere from hopeful to nervous, except for one that seemed a bit smug; to be honest, I found that quite hot.
I sat in the gap they had left, feeling a bit unsettled myself. I put on a smile, but I'm sure it looked forced. "I really can't tell you how humbled I feel that such special ladies wanted to be here, and I am including all thirty-nine of the women that are headed back to their normal lives." I took a deep breath and let it out slowly, making eye contact with each of the women. "I was -- I am deeply impressed with how each of you handled such a stressful situation, and if you're still interested, I would love for you to continue with me in this process."
There was a tremendously awkward pause, during which I'm sure I wasn't breathing, then the woman on my right ventured, "Do we just say 'Yes' or would you rather have an 'I do?'" It took a moment for my brain to process her words, then I leaned my head back and laughed -- very loudly -- I couldn't help it. When I stopped the mood was much more relaxed and the ladies were all smiling.
"A nod would be fine." She pouted cutely, then nodded with a bright smile.
The other women also gave me nods and I leaned back with a heavy sigh of relief, which earned more chuckles.
After I had taken a moment for myself, I sat forward and put my elbows on the too low table. "We've talked, and I've read each of your biographies a dozen times, but I don't know who you are, so please tell me your name and give me a clue on your background so I can match you to what I already know." I turned back to the woman on my right. "Would you mind going first, Darling?"
She sighed theatrically, then gave me that lovely smile again. "Mary Williams, from Des Moines. I work for Iowa CPS as a social worker --"
I held up my hand and closed my eyes, visualizing her biography. "You grew up on a farm in Eastern Nebraska next to the Missouri River. You love animals, especially horses, even though you haven't had one since you were in high school. You completed a Masters in Social Work, and simultaneously love and hate your job. You work long hours, so there's no time for dating, and you haven't had a boyfriend since college." I opened my eyes back up. "Right girl?" She nodded vigorously, blue eyes wide.
Mary was a bit of a stereotype -- she even looked like the typical Midwestern farm girl, having dirty blonde hair to pair with those blue eyes. Her smile was gentle and sincere, although she was obviously still nervous, evident by the blush that had spread across her cheeks. She was wearing a tan department store dress that didn't really match her fair complexion, but she still looked lovely and I told her so. She was beaming when I finished.
"You're next, Trouble," I said, turning to look at my smirker across the table. She smiled broadly and it seemed to brighten the entire room. When I had first seen her almond colored skin and curly coal-colored hair the night before, I had thought she was from Central or South America. Not even close.
"My name is Ekaterina Irena Popescu," she said with a moderate Eastern European accent, "and I am originally from Romania."
I closed my eyes. "Say your name again, please." She laughed and did as I requested, drawing it out this time, sending shivers down my spine. "You may have the sultriest voice I've ever heard." Another laugh and I had to shift in my seat to avoid embarrassing myself by drawing unwanted attention downward. "So, Ekaterina?"
"Kat, please." Her smile continued to dazzle, but I managed to convey that she should tell me about herself. "I am thirty-one years old, and am a flight attendant. When I cannot fly, I work as a translator in Paris, where I live."
"How many languages do you speak?" asked the group's lone redhead. Her head snapped back to me and she covered her mouth. "My bad. I..."
I waved off her apology and grinned. "No problem. The idea of me interviewing each of you in front of the others is pretty cringe worthy, so anything we can do to make it less awkward would be great. By all means, ask away." The curious little redhead looked back to Kat and repeated her question.
"Five, if I count Spanish. I am very comfortable in French and English, and conversational in Italian."
"That is so cool," our questioner stated, and I nodded my agreement.
"And you're the oldest of five sisters, if I remember correctly?" I asked.
"Yes," Kat replied, "and the only one not married with children." Understanding smiles all around.
I paused for a moment, then asked a question I already knew part of the answer to: "So you figured out what was going on in the ballroom?" She nodded. "Out of curiosity, how long did it take?"
She shrugged and her smirk returned. "About sixty minutes after you left, when the women started getting a little crazy." She paused, then continued, "So much money was spent to bring us here that I assumed some trick."
"Smart and beautiful," I replied, and she clearly was. She was dressed in a deep blue pant suit that covered her entirely, but accentuated her beautifully. "Thank you for being here, Kat." It was almost physically difficult to pull my eyes away from her, but after I did, looking at the inquisitive redhead was certainly no chore.
"What's your name, Red?"
It's not always a good idea to point out a feature about which a woman might feel self conscious -- even I know that -- but in this case it wasn't much of a risk, because her dark hair was obviously died to its deep burgundy color. "Oh, you can keep calling me Red," she said salaciously, challenging my only-moments-old assessment of Kat's voice. Together with the look she gave me, it's no wonder my heart skipped a beat.
Kat laughed and clapped, signifying her approval; my newest lady looked playful, and I began realizing how much trouble a group of intelligent, personable women with shared interests was going to cause me. I couldn't wait.
When I didn't say anything else, she sighed like a petulant teenager, but kept grinning. "Mandy Riggs, from Nashville. Twenty-three." She looked like a cross between a rocker and a goth girl, minus the heavy makeup. She was dressed in heavy black boots with a single silver buckle across the top of each, black tights, a denim skirt, and what looked like a custom printed black tee with shiny silver letters. Blue eyes looked at me from between long strands of red hair that hung loosely on each side of her face. She looked naughty, and cool, and I really wanted to see more of her. After I stared a little too long, she raised eyebrow, as if daring me to say something, so I just winked.
Mandy's body was much like Mary's: slim and toned, but it was her smile that kept drawing me back. Where Kat's was broad and beautiful, Mandy wore her grin like the Cheshire Cat. "I've never had somebody smirk at me while smiling," I said thoughtfully, "and I'm looking forward to seeing it a lot more."
Her expression broadened out and her whole face lit up, the blue in her irises obvious from my seat more than half a dozen feet away.
"Gorgeous, Red." I closed my eyes before she could respond, as if deep in thought. "If I have the right girl, you're going to nursing school during the day and gigging most nights and on weekends. You prefer Southern Rock, but sometimes sing Country songs; never Western. There was a serious boyfriend for a while, but it didn't work out..." I opened my eyes, "And here you are."
"That is so cool -- I got goosebumps," she said while rubbing her arm as if trying to warm it up. We shared a smile and then I looked around at our little group.
I turned to the buxom blonde directly on my left. "Your name?" I asked gently.
"Mercedes Doyle, from Suffolk. Please call me Merci." She had a light British accent, enough to be delightful without being off-putting for an uncultured American like myself.
"Wait," I said, confused, "isn't Doyle an Irish name?"
She laughed happily and responded with an over-the-top Irish brogue. "Fair play tcha, ser. Me Da was an Irishmin, und me Mum cum fum Englin."
"Did you get that?" I asked Kat rhetorically, who was laughing again, then looked to Mary, who was no help. "Okay, that was wicked sexy, but I'm only half sure I understood what you said." She was nice enough to translate for poor, slow Kai.
"And what do you do in England, Merci?"
"I'm a Secondary school teacher, mostly Maths, and I also teach a Gaelic class for students that want to learn." She chuckled. "Not very common in jolly old England, mind you." Like Kat, Merci's curves were obvious.
In a word: voluptuous.
Allowed a few more words: wonderfully full bust and hips to match, with a solid frame to support them while still looking athletic. And a truly lovely, pretty face. If she had been my teacher, it would have been her that wandered through my adolescent dreams. She was dressed in jeans and a loose white blouse, which kept teasing at what was hidden underneath.
"Two sisters or a brother and a sister?" I asked.
"One of each," she replied. "Why?"
I smiled. "Because there were two British teachers in the original group." I didn't tell her that the other taught what they call Reception, because I thought it would give her a nice feeling.
"Do tell," she said happily. "I don't suppose it's one of you?" she inquired of the remaining two ladies to be introduced, but both shook their heads. "More's the pity, but I can't wait to hear your stories," she said, patting the nearest on the leg.
I already had a good idea who the next woman was from our several conversations, but I didn't want to step on her moment. "And you, Sassy. What's your name?" I was delighted when her eyes went wide with surprise.
"Sassy?"
"I didn't know your names so I had to come up with some way to keep you apart in my head." I looked to each of the women in turn, moving quickly around the table, then trailed off before finishing, realizing my error.
To her credit, Merci didn't let me off the hook, instead folding her arms and giving me a quite effective eyebrow raise when I didn't vocalize my pet name for her. "Delicious," I said apologetically. She held out for a couple seconds, then giggled and pulled her crossed arms tighter, effectively pushing her enormous bust further outward, which forced my brain to reboot. Genuine laughter sounded around the table and I relaxed, glad she wasn't too offended.
I turned back to the mystery woman. "So, Sassy, would you like to tell us about yourself, or would you prefer I guess?"
"Guess," she answered with a curious quirk of her eyebrow.
"I don't know your name, of course, but your biography said you're a stage actress and part-time model."
Her surprised look was back, this time complete with open mouth, very striking beneath her highlighted brunette bangs. "Amy-Lynn Colgate. How'd you know?"
"The way you carry yourself, always in control, with this perfect posture and poise." She blushed, so I paused a moment before continuing. "I thought you were a dancer at first, then we talked and I decided that wasn't quite right, so when you were telling me yesterday about some of the restaurants you've enjoyed here in Chicago and New York and Montreal, I finally pulled it together. There were two other models, but neither went on about cooking like you did in your biography, and then there's that little bit of French influence in the way you speak. Are you from Quebec?"
Smiling delightfully, she shook her head. "Windsor, actually, but I spent a lot of time in Montreal when I was just getting started."
"Lovely. Thank you for being here." She smiled and the soft brown of her eyes just about made my heart melt. Another mental reboot and a few more chuckles, then I leaned back and looked to the final woman.
"Hello, Tiger."
"Hello, Kai," she answered with the warm smile that had won me over -- it was the first time I'd heard her use my name. "Saving the best for last again?" I'm sure it must have been tough to see that she was the last one I'd chosen the day before, an unfortunate consequence of the full access approach, but there was nothing for it but to confront it head on.
"I guess time will tell," I replied with a smile and a wink. Her eyes popped open in surprise, so before she could reply I stood and walked to her. Taking a hand and pulling her gently to her feet, I wrapped her in a gentle hug, then leaned down so I could whisper in her ear. "Thank you for being here. I'm sorry if it was hard to watch me narrow down names, but don't doubt for a moment that I think you might be the one."
She looked up at me with deep, dark brown eyes, and after a long moment, smiled.
"What's your name?" I asked gently, releasing her back to her chair while I returned to mine.
"Savannah. I live here in Chicago."
"And?"
She laughed. "I thought you had us figured out?"
"Not this time," I retorted with a grin. "I think that's why I had a hard time with you -- you're difficult to read."
Savannah put on a serious expression and sat upright in her chair. "Your Honor, I object..."
The change was stark and I saw a couple surprised expressions while my brain buzzed, very pleased, because her biography was one of the best written. "You're a patent attorney, right?" Relaxing, she confirmed my suspicion with a nod. "Grew up in Northern Alabama and played volleyball at the University of Florida. No siblings, but you're very close with your Mom. You like word games, romance novels, and embarrassing people in basketball. Would you say you're a little competitive?"
Rather than reply, she grinned smugly and sat back in her seat, looking tremendously stylish in a fitted blazer and jeans, capped with shiny black pumps. She was the tallest of the women by several inches, with smooth curves and a natural confidence to rival either Kat or Amy-Lynn.
"Unbelievable," I said, looking around at the room, shaking my head in wonder. Then I remembered the next step in the process.
"Is something wrong?" The question came from Merci, who appeared to be the most empathetic of the bunch. She had seen my change in expression.
I took a deep breath and sat forward again. "No, but I do need to cover a few things before we go any further.
"This whole... process... that ramped up last night, is really just getting started. Right now, you're probably curious and excited, just like I am, but there aren't real feelings involved yet. If this is too much... if you're not sure you want to be here... I'll give you a million dollars to take with you back to your life."
Astonishment stared back at me from six lovely faces. Behind me somewhere I heard a shocked gasp and knew Gloria was about to have a heart attack.
"This will be my money, not the show's. A million dollars to follow your dreams, rather than chase after some big oaf." I looked to Amy-Lynn. "That's enough to get a start on your own restaurant." To Mandy: "You could buy the best sound equipment, build a studio, maybe put out an album on your own."
I sat back and gave them time to think. After about ninety seconds, I started again. "Consider it -- no privacy at all for the next two or three months while this thing plays out. A camera in your face constantly -- cameras in my apartment -- and in yours." I looked at Savannah. "Think about your career and how hard you've worked."
Nobody said anything, maybe too shocked to respond. I looked to Mary. "Two million, then, to get out of social work, maybe create a charity. Or start your own business," I continued, turning my gaze to Kat. "Think of the possibilities." I looked down at Merci. "You could buy a house and have a family."
I felt a small hand on my shoulder. "Kai, this isn't a good idea."
I turned to look up at Stephanie. "Maybe not, but I don't want anybody to stay because they're worried about money." I made eye contact with each of the women again. "Three million if you walk away now. No hard feelings, no judgment."

~ ~ ~

"That was so stupid," Gloria said with a shake of her head, "and expensive. I can think of a lot of ways to spend six million dollars."
We were sitting in my apartment studio with Stephanie, doing the post-event interview. It really hadn't been the plan to have Gloria in front of the cameras, but she was adamant that I needed a dressing down. I shrugged off the criticism. "They're both wonderful women and I think they'll do more good with the money that I would have. I don't regret it at all."
"But now there's just four women left, and you haven't really spent that much time with any of them. What if none of them are right for you?"
I shrugged helplessly.
"So how confident are you that this will end with you finding a wife?" Stephanie asked, taking back her hosting duties.
I paused to consider her question, as well as my own feelings -- it had been a very tense, emotional morning. "Actually, very confident. Kat sets my nerves on fire, even from across the room, and Amy-Lynn makes my blood boil. Savannah is literally the entire package, and something about Red is just utterly captivating. Between us..." I paused to let the irony hang for a moment, "I couldn't be happier with how things turned out."
"So what do you have in mind next?"
"Why are you asking me?" I retorted with a laugh, then nodded to Gloria. "She's the Executive Producer."
Gloria folded her arms, looking miffed. "Whose main character seems intent on going off-script."
I shrugged unapologetically. "I told you when we first met, the only thing I care about is finding the right woman. In case it helps, other than getting to know the ladies better, I don't have any other plans."
"Speaking of..." she replied, her predatory look surfacing, "we have a great first date lined up for you tomorrow in a suite at Wrigley for a game against the Brewers."
"About that... I thought we were staying away from group dates," I objected, more confused than actually upset.
Not looking regretful at all, she leaned forward and patted my thigh. "As you demonstrated this morning, things change."

~ ~ ~

Not surprisingly, I thought about the day's events as I laid in bed, worn out but too wired to sleep, wondering and wishing, despite what I had said to Gloria.
The reason I had struggled with the choice to include Savannah wasn't about personality, interests, or attraction -- I was concerned about her motivation. Ultimately, it was the reason I'd pulled the stunt with the giveaway. I hadn't known at the time that she was an attorney, but it was clear she was a career woman with bright prospects, so why join the show? I was thrilled that she assuaged my doubts.
On the other hand, I was torn up about Merci leaving. On paper, she was everything I could have hoped for, and in real life she was almost precisely my dream woman, from her looks to the sweetness she exuded. If I had thought she wouldn't continue, I might not have made the offer -- on the other hand, I could have been too smitten to think objectively.
As for Mary, I don't think it was the money that persuaded her, although I do believe it provided an easy target for rationalization. Through our conversations I got a sense that she was worldly in some ways and yet quite sheltered beyond her own limited experiences, so when she really considered what being a minor celebrity could entail, it got to be a bit too much. In different circumstances I think we would have been wonderful together.
Day 3
I tried to stay away from the women in the morning since we'd be spending the entire afternoon together, but when I got to the exercise room, Savannah was working hard on a climber and Kat was stretching. As if our lawyer's black spandex wasn't enough to completely overwhelm me, the Eastern European beauty happened to be stretching away from me, revealing the lower portion of an impossibly intricate tattoo that started around her tailbone.
I might have made a complete fool of myself if Day William hadn't walked into me when I suddenly stopped. He apologized, I apologized, and we both chuckled.
"Good morning, Savannah. Good morning, Kat."
The former smiled and waved, but kept going; the other hopped up immediately and closed the distance quickly, wrapping her arms around my middle. "Good morning, Kai." The way she said it, drawing the simple statement out, made me shiver, so she gave me an extra hug. "Come to watch us exercise?" In the room's mirrored wall I saw Savannah roll her eyes.
"Trying to burn off some energy," I responded with what I hoped was an easy grin. "I'm feeling a bit overwhelmed with everything going on."
I was afraid Kat was going to keep flirting, but instead she squeezed my hand and went back to the mat where she had been. I watched her go, enjoying her wiggle, and turned just in time to see Kat roll her eyes again.
I'm not usually one to back down from a taunt -- even an unspoken one -- so I made eye contact with her reflection, then slowly followed the contours of her body while she climbed, down her back, over her gorgeous rear, finally stopping at her bright pink Nikes; then I started up again, just as slowly, until our eyes met once more. I smiled and held her gaze for several long seconds, and felt quite gratified when she missed a step and had to catch herself on the handrails.
After getting upright again she gave me a dirty look, so I winked and walked over to the nearest bench, content that I had at least broken even in the exchange.
When I'm not working with a personal trainer, Mondays and Thursdays are typically my Push days, where I focus on moving weight away from my body: think about presses and extensions. As I loaded up the bar after my warm-up, I seriously considered putting an extra plate on each side, but was able to talk myself out of it before I did something stupid. I can't imagine what it would have been like if I'd have hurt myself trying to show off. It didn't actually end up mattering, because Kat and Savannah were watching me openly by the time I was halfway through my routine, despite the low(er) weight, high rep approach.
It made me feel pretty special and I wore a grin through the rest of the exercises.
When I finally finished my crunches -- every day is an ab day -- I was lying on the floor, thoroughly soaked in sweat. I had checked out somewhere along the line and gotten into my normal rhythm, gratefully shutting off my brain for a while. It booted back up instantly when a toe tapped my shoulder. Leaning back, I saw that the two women were looking down on me, standing side by side.
"That was impressive," Savannah offered.
On the other side, Kat was giving me a sensual look, her eyes intense. "Very."
My mouth was suddenly dry, and only partially because of the workout.
I pushed myself to my feet rather ungracefully and realized belatedly that my shorts weren't doing a particularly good job of hiding my building appreciation for them. I had a moment of hesitation, not sure what to do, then decided I didn't actually care, choosing to focus on them instead.
I tried to think of something witty or suave to say, but what came out was, "Same time tomorrow?"
"Definitely," Kat replied immediately, her expression having gone from warm to hot.
"Absolutely," Savannah added, pressing herself against my side; she subtly rubbed her breast against my ribs while making eye contact. I could just smell her perspiration mixed with lilac undertones, a combination that removed any shred of doubt as to how I was feeling about the situation.
Not to be outdone so easily -- or at all, really -- Kat moved more to my front and leaned into me as well, pushing her side against my erection, all while looking up with those enchanting eyes of hers.
I chuckled, a bit overwhelmed, then pulled them both tighter against me for a brief hug. "I'm feeling a bit overheated -- I think I need a shower."
"I could wash your back," Kat offered, her expression one of faux innocence and yet obviously serious. I peeked at Savannah and almost laughed at the competitive fire I could see in her eyes.
"Maybe next time," I replied before things could escalate further, extracting myself from the two beautiful women. "See you both in a few hours."
I made my exit without looking back, afraid I'd get drawn in again.

~ ~ ~

It was a gray, drizzly kind of day, pretty typical for Fall in Chicago, but just back luck in the Summer. We got to the park about two hours early so we'd have time to explore a little before settling in to the suite Gloria had reserved.
The ladies weren't actually into baseball, or at least not the Cubs. Savannah was a casual Braves fan, having grown up in the South, and didn't follow the sport in a meaningful way, while Red had played softball growing up, but never picked a professional team. As for the other two, Amy-Lynn had a rudimentary understanding of the rules, but I don't think Kat had even the slightest clue how the game is played.
But Wrigley is still a beautiful, historic place, even on a dismal day, and I enjoyed taking them down to the field courtesy of our passes. We caught the very end of batting practice and were just heading toward the suite when one of the players trotted over to intercept us.
It was a guy named Mike that I'd met a time or two back when I was playing. He was a relief pitcher, like I had been, and I recalled him being a nice guy, if a little overenthusiastic. I had barely made the introductions before he was talking with the ladies about the show, giving his impressions, and asking them to describe their experiences so far. In ten minutes another half dozen players had joined the discussion.
I probably should have figured it out when so many more surveys were filled out than expected, but this was the first time it clicked in my head that the show was going to be A Thing.
"Hey, Haven --" Mike called, breaking me out of my thoughts. "Was that really your money you gave away?"
I shrugged and nodded. "Seemed like a good idea at the time." I got the laugh I was looking for and conversation moved on.
Another player sidled up to me, looking a bit embarrassed. He introduced himself as Curtis -- I knew of him more than actually knew him. "Hey, I know this is probably in bad taste, but do you think you could put in a good word for me with Mary, the pretty blonde that left during last night's episode. Or maybe even give her my number?"
I looked down at him for a moment, stunned. Here was a big, wealthy, good looking guy trying to meet a girl he saw on an internet show. Crazy. Also ballsy. Also too late -- Mary would probably be back home. Then I grinned, remembering Bill.
I pointed to the camera. "I wouldn't recommend giving out your number, but I'd guess there's a fair chance she's watching."
"Oh, shit," Curtis said with a grimace, having forgotten that everything we were doing was going out more or less live.
I patted him on the back. "Might as well go for broke, right?"
A grin fought its way through his embarrassment and Curtis stood up taller, then looked right into the camera, clearly a veteran of press conferences and post game interviews. "Hi, Mary. We haven't met yet. My name is Curtis Marshal and I play left field for the Cubs. If you're up for something a little bit crazy, give my friend here a call and he'll tell you how to get in touch with me." His composure faltered a little bit and he rubbed his neck self consciously. "I'm, uh, looking forward to meeting you." He finished with an awkward wave and the girls clapped, having moved closer to watch his appeal.
"That was so sweet," Amy-Lynn said, flashing her blue eyes at him, which caused the big tough athlete to blush.
"Listen," I said seriously, "Mary is an incredible woman. I hope you're not interested just because of her money."
Mike was the first to laugh, then others joined in; Curtis relaxed a moment later. "Asshole," he said without venom.
I shook his hand and smiled. "I hope she calls. And for what it's worth, she really is as special as you think she might be." He gave me a nod and a grin and made his way to the dugout, followed shortly afterward by the other players, except for Mike.
"Hey, uh, Kai. Can I ask you a question?"
"Sure." I remember being confused, because he'd been asking questions since he first showed up.
He dropped his voice low and leaned in, probably so the camera wouldn't pick it up; too bad I was wearing a mic. "Do you think maybe I could be the guy on the next season?" Caught off-guard again, I shrugged.
"I guess I can ask Gloria," I responded noncommittally.
He nodded and held out his fist for a bump, which I met, then he left in a hurry to get ready for the game, a little extra bounce in his step. It was everything I could do not to roll my eyes for the camera.

~ ~ ~

Sitting in the suite, two things occurred to me while trying to explain the rules of baseball to Kat with help from Red and Savannah.
The first is that baseball is a tremendously over-complicated game, especially when you consider the myriad unwritten rules that every player has to internalize as they move from level to level. After half an hour, we decided that understanding the nuances of the game wasn't so important for Kat to enjoy the day.
The second realization was drawn from one of Kat's observations, an innocent and yet rather unflattering comment comparing the physique of one of the first baseman to mine. There are quite a few professional ballplayers that aren't particularly athletic, and instead rely on a single highly developed, specialized skill -- like swinging a bat really fast. It was the first time I ever wondered if a designated hitter and a dart player were more alike than not, and I really didn't like that thought at all.
It's probably not surprising then that we didn't really pay much attention to the game. We sat around the high top tables, sipping drinks and talking -- I had opted for iced tea. It was still early when Amy-Lynn brought up the morning's activities in the weight room, giving me a hard time. Savannah seemed a little chagrined, but Kat was completely unapologetic. "I like Kai and I want him to like me, so I will show him how I feel."
This started a rather intense discussion about appropriate behavior, during which Bill and I were banished from the suite. Fortunately, we were able to step just outside and find a couple empty seats while we waited, but I was a bit confused why Bill had followed me. "Won't it be more interesting in there, listening to whatever it is they're discussing?"
"Probably, but Rick told me to stay with you. And besides, they probably put a couple cameras and mics in there anyway."
I nodded and we watched a few innings roll by, discussing pitching mechanics and whatnot, until Amy-Lynn finally came out of the suite to invite us in again.
The looks in the room were pretty intense and nobody looked particularly happy. I called attention to it immediately, determined to get whatever it was out in the open.
"None of us know how to do this," Amy-Lynn said, apparently designated speaker. "There's no privacy, so there's going to be hurt feelings. And probably a lot of jealousy." Kat folded her arms, clearly disagreeing with something in the statement, but didn't say anything.
I nodded, looking from lady to lady. "I understand and you're probably right, but transparency is really important to me. I don't ever want to be in a position where you feel like I'm lying or being deceitful. But just as important, I don't want this to turn into some game that you're trying to win."
"We know, Kai," Amy-Lynn replied. "It's why we decided that we need to just go along as best we can."
"Alright, but what does that mean?"
She slipped off her seat and walked over to me. "It means that we treat you like we would if we were dating back home, and you do the same."
I shook my head. "I still don't understand."
Rather than responding, she closed the last bit of distance and reached up to my shoulders, pulling me down to plant a lovely little kiss on my lips. "It means don't worry about cattiness or anything like that, but be honest with us and don't string us along." Amy-Lynn looked at me seriously, then pulled me down for another kiss, this one a little longer and with more feeling, then walked back to her seat.
My head was honestly reeling, both from the kiss and what she had said. "This is what you want?" I asked the room.
Kat immediately stood and stalked across to me, then pulled me down into a much more intense kiss while squeezing my thighs tightly.
"Come on," Savannah objected in exasperation, "we're still on a first date."
She broke the kiss. "If you weren't here, I would already be naked," she retorted without turning around.
"Patience," I urged, looking down into her eyes. "We have time to get to know each other." She bit her lip and let me know without speaking that she disagreed, then nodded anyway and walked back to her chair.
It was all a bit intense for me -- again -- and I let out a long sigh. Mandy and Savannah were looking at each other, like they were trying to figure out whose turn was next. I'm sure I rolled my eyes as I rose and walked over to the room's sole recliner, an oversized deal covered in soft leather. Knowing it would be much too small, I sat down anyway and leaned back as much as I could, then gestured for both women to follow. In a few moments, I had Savannah on my right side and Red on my left, both snuggled up into my chest, but far enough apart that it wasn't too awkward. "This isn't so bad, right?"
"S'okay," Savannah muttered, snuggling in, while Mandy practically purred.
Toward the end of the game the other two teamed up and asked to switch, which wasn't nearly as strange as I would have expected, and I soon had Amy-Lynn and Kat pulled close.

~ ~ ~

"So how was the group date?" Stephanie asked, her smirk making it clear she had watched whatever went out to the masses.
"A bit up and down, but I really enjoyed spending time with the women."
"Have you watched the conversation they had about you?"
I shook my head. "No, and I don't think I will. They asked me to give them privacy, and that should extend to whatever was recorded. Besides, I think we have the start of an understanding on how we'll go forward."
"So no regrets about the show format?"
"Time will tell. It all sounded good when we were sitting around a table a couple months ago..." I shrugged. "I --"
There was a knock on my apartment door and I shot a questioning look to Stephanie, but she shook her head, as surprised as me. I walked out of the studio and through the apartment, then opened the door. Out in the hallway was Red, wearing flannel pants and fuzzy duck slippers, holding a bag of microwave popcorn. "Netflix and chill?"
"It's almost eleven," I answered, immediately feeling very old. "And besides, do people even still say that?"
Shrugging, Mandy slid past me and into the living room, plopped herself onto the couch, and grabbed the remote. I turned to Steph. "I guess we're watching a movie. Do you want to stay?"
She laughed. "Are you requesting that I be your chaperone?"
"Not sure."
"Goodnight, Kai," she said, stepping through the door.