I never would have thought that someone raised by my parents with my upbringing would be on their knees, naked with an erection, giving a blowjob to a friend in front of four sexy young ladies. But...let me start explaining how it all began before he finishes.
Amazing what happens when a group of young adults, a few that has no inhibitions that encourages and pushes the action mixes with plenty of alcohol. What a wild party scene! A typical game of "truth and dare" becomes essentially just "dare". The little party was a group of friends that bonded together through working night shift at an Atlanta newspaper printing company. The six of us have a lot in common as we are all young, single unattached with no kids, and no family within a hundred miles. The four women, Lisa, Bonita, Tonya and Michelle, along with us two guys, Larry and Jerry, have become a close knit group. We spend a lot of time together, especially on the weekends.
So this weekend was Labor Day weekend, a glorious three day weekend that gave our group an extra day to recover before the return to work. As the party was just getting into high gear, a dare went out to me as my name was drawn from the bowl. I was dared by Bonita to get naked and stay that way for the rest of the night. Of course I got naked, as I was already known to be a nudist. The usual catcalls along with the lusty eyes showed me that once again my nudity was more than appreciated! It was then my turn to give a dare. I drew from the bowl the name of Michelle, so I dared her to give Larry a blowjob for five minutes. Now to understand this dare better, Larry had a nice-size veiny circumcised cock with a large bulbous head that pointed up a slight angle when erect and Michelle was not a fan of giving blowjobs. Michelle complained but Larry was smiling ear to ear knowing he would soon have big boobed Michelle on her knees in front of him sucking his dick.
Larry was fast on the draw, quickly unzipping and pulling out his cock stroking it while Michelle complained and tried to back out. By the time Michelle gave in and got on her knees, Larry was fully erect with precum flowing. I wasn't 100% sure he would last the full five minutes. Michelle was not really into it and you can tell that she was not enjoying it! She was going slow trying to kill the 5 minutes. Larry actually complained about it, it was that bad. A blowjob has to be REALLY BAD before any man will complain about it! Lisa fussed at Michelle, she told her to quit wasting that hard cock! Bonita spoke up and said that Jerry (me) could do a better job than you Michelle! I was shocked to hear her say that but while thinking out loud, agreed that i probably could give a better blowjob than that! Michelle quit, stood up and said, "Prove it Jerry! I dare you to suck Larry's cock better than me!"
All eyes went to naked me with a growing erection. I was speechless for what seemed a long while. It seemed my erection wanted me to prove it as well. Finally, I regained my composure and told Michelle that she has to finish her dare before she gets to give a dare and we can't pick who to dare, the name must be drawn from the bowl. Michelle looked defeated. Bonita said she had two more minutes to go. Michelle got back on her knees and began sucking Larry's dick with more emphasis and motivation. Larry's eyes rolled to the back of his head and looked ready to shoot when Bonita yelled "five minutes"! Michelle quit, stood up, wiped her mouth and chin that had excess saliva and perhaps precum on it, and said "My turn to give a dare". Larry looked depressed it was over and eager to cum all at the same time! Extremely horny, dripping precum, pulsating up and down while being hard as a diamond!
Michelle looked right at me and said "I hope i draw your name so you can prove you can suck a dick better than me!" i gulped, took a deep breath, and my erection got harder and thicker. All of the women looked at my growing cock and someone, I don't remember who commented that I looked eager to try!
Michelle reached into the bowl and pulled out a name....and grinned ear to ear and looked at me! It was almost said in slow-motion, "Jerry"!
I knew what was coming next or should I say, cumming next! Michelle looked at me and said, "Jerry, prove it to everyone here, especially Larry, that you can give a blowjob better than me"!
Umm....what?!?! I was terrified! Yes, I have experimented in my younger days, but NEVER with an audience!
I looked around hoping someone would save me! No such luck! I said, "Okay, this is crazy! You all don't expect me to do that do you?!?!" Lisa, Michelle, Tonya, and Bonita, all in unison said, "yep"! Larry looked at me and just smiled. He stepped up closer to me and said, "Remember, don't use your teeth!"
Well, what to do? I looked again at everyone hoping someone would speak up and stop it. Nope, nothing but verbal heckling to not chicken out and encouragement to do the dare.
I looked at Larry and he said, "Dude, just get it over with. I promise to respect you in the morning. I hope you are hungry because I haven't cum in a week"! I looked down at his cock, and began to really see that veiny and beefy cock and the actual appeal and beauty of it. While I have given blowjobs as a teenager, it was another teenage dick. It was not a full-grown-ass man cock! As I looked at that big thick dick with a drop of precum at the tip, an overwhelming urge compelled me to drop to my knees. I grabbed that dick with my right hand and began to stroke it. I took my left hand and cradled his balls. It was as if everyone else disappeared. All I saw was that hot thick flesh stick and opened my mouth to suckle the head. My tongue went straight to the tip and I tasted that sweet nectar. I lost all composure and control and sucked that dick for all I was worth! I couldn't get enough. My tongue desired more precum and i started stroking his rod and aggressively giving this blowjob.
I took his cock deep and sucked in as I pulled off until the head was just inside my lips. I went back down again. I continued to assault Larry's cock trying to push him to cum. I wanted the reward of his cum to blast into my mouth! I had to have it like a junkie craved crack, I craved cum! I was possessed! I heard someone yell "Time, five minutes is over"! I had forgotten about the audience. I couldn't stop! I looked up into Larry's eyes and saw the pleasure light up his whole face. He was drooling and put each of his hands on either side of my head. He began to facefuck me! He was moving my head in and out at a rapid clip. I heard him moan and then I heard myself moan. I was so hard that my cock was throbbing and I never touched myself. Larry yelled, "I am cumming"! I sucked harder awaiting my reward.
Suddenly, Larry stopped thrusting deep, held my head still where his cock head was just in my mouth. I tongued his cum hole and then...BLAST OFF! I felt his load blast into my mouth! I tasted the thick salty cream, and felt another six shots of cum shoot from his flesh pole and fill my mouth! I swallowed some of his thick sauce and swallowed again. I wanted to make sure I didn't lose any. I wanted it all! I kept a good amount in my mouth and I began to really savor it.
As I was floating from a cum high, I began to cum myself. I grabbed my cock with my left hand and stroked a couple of times. I had one of the best orgasms of my life! I still had Larry's cock in my mouth and as I pulled off of it, I made sure his dick was polished clean! I sat back. I noticed that a lot of my cum was on top of my dick and captured on my hand. Once I stopped cumming, I stroked my dick upwards draining any remaining cum out of it. I couldn't resist it. I raised my hand and sucked the cum off of my hand. Yep, I am now addicted to cum! It was all delicious!
Larry patted me on top of my head. I looked up and saw a huge smile of satisfied relief. He said, "Yep, you can give better blowjobs than Michelle. In fact, that was by far the best I have ever received!"
to be continued...?
(Please give me feedback. First erotic story I have submitted. Be kind but honest.) Thanks!