Part 2 - A Show for One
----------------------------------------
When I turned the key to my apartment, I had one thing on my mind... and it was about ten inches long.
I kicked off my shoes and stripped naked as I walked to my bedroom, my clothes littering the floor behind me. I opened the locker drawer beside my bed. I looked down at my dependable friends. My small bullet vibrator and my 10 inch dildo.
I took both out, laid them on the bed and crossed the room to pull the curtains closed. As I reached out, I thought of the teenage voyeur who lived in the opposite apartment. I looked towards his bedroom and saw that the light was on, though I couldn't see anybody inside.
I decided to leave the curtains open while I played.
I hoped I would see him do the same. Since being left to my own devices, it appeared I had become quite a dirty-minded young lady.
I lay on the bed, turned on the vibrator and began to circle my clit with it. I moaned at the pleasurable sensation. I had been waiting for this chance since seeing Billy's huge dick, and now I was going to take my time. I recalled every detail of my encounter with him in sequence, becoming more turned on as the memory progressed.
I simply couldn't wait to feel his big dick inside me. God I hoped he wanted to fuck me on the balcony... That would be so fucking hot!
I began to play with my nipples lightly. I moaned softly. I hoped I would hear the couple next door fucking. I often played with myself as I listened to them moaning and their headboard thudding against the wall, no matter what time it was.
After a few minutes of blissful foreplay, I got a slight shock when I heard another vibrating noise in the room.
It was my phone...
Oh no...
Oh fuck no...
SHHHHHIIIIIIITTTTTT!!!
I knew instantly that it was my Mom... I forgot I was supposed to call her tonight! She would be extremely pissed if I didn't answer. The last thing I needed was her checking in on me more often than she already did.
I sat up quickly, grabbing a loose t shirt from my dresser and frantically pulling it on before I retrieved my phone. I flicked the green button, and my mother's regal face appeared on screen.
Needless to say, she didn't look impressed.
"Hello Jia." she said flatly in Mandarin. With her prim and proper demeanor and refined outfits, she had a hard elegance to her. Not for the first time, I wondered what ever had happened to the beautiful young bride with the impish smile in my parents' wedding photo.
"Hi Mom. How are you?" I replied with an enthusiasm I didn't feel.
I lay down on the bed and held the phone aloft as we spoke. I was careful to only show my upper body, as I was still naked from the waist down.
"Why did you not call when you said you would!?!" she asked sharply. "Maybe you have forgotten about your family! You were supposed to call over an hour ago!" she said sternly, her brows furrowed.
Sigh.
"Sorry Mom! I was working late." I lied.
"Hmmmm..." she practically grunted, her eyes narrowing suspiciously.
If she only knew the half of it...
She proceeded to update me on my father's latest business failure, my niece's first day in school, and the wide array of medical issues that her friends and extended family were currently dealing with. As usual with her information overloads, I found myself drifting in and out of the conversation. There was only so much interest one could fake in an uncle's hernia. I wanted to end the call as quickly as possible so I could get back to having some fun.
But something caught my eye as I half-listened to my mother's chatter. I saw movement in the window of the apartment across from mine. I glanced past my phone, and spotted the teenager. He was standing by his window, staring straight at me. As I lay on the bed, my legs were parted, and he had an unobstructed view of my pussy. I felt myself get excited as I saw the slow movement of his hand.
"Oh, I forgot to tell you!" my mother continued. "I met Xiulan in the market! You remember her?..."
My gaze shifted between the screen and the window beyond. I watched him react as I spread my legs open wider by increasing his tempo.
"Well, anyway, her son Yao has recently started his own business here in Chengdu!"
I was barely listening as she spoke. My free hand travelled down my body. With two fingers, I stroked my labia before spreading my pussy lips open for my voyeur's enjoyment.
"He's selling engineering supplies... I think. He has his own factory!..."
"Mm-hm." I responded, with apparent curiosity. I noticed my mother's full lips as she talked. I remembered the image that had appeared in my mind earlier that day. I wondered if my mother had ever felt an attraction to another woman.
I began to tease my clit. For some reason talking to my mother while I played with myself turned me on even more. I wondered what she would say if I moved the camera down and showed her what I was doing.
My one-man audience looked on as I reached out to grip my dildo.
"I showed him a picture of you, and he was very complimentary! I said that you two should meet when you return home..." she mentioned casually, with thinly veiled optimism.
I rubbed the head of the dildo up and down my lips before easing the first two inches into my wet cunt. I bit my lip.
"Mmmm-hmmmm." I repeated.
"Are you alright, dear? You look a little flushed..."
"Oh, do I? I feel fine Mom. Don't worry... I'm looking after myself..."
I felt so naughty.
"Anyway, I will send you a picture of him... He is a very eligible bachelor, and would make a great husband for some lucky woman!" she hinted guilelessly.
"Sure Mom, sounds good..." The young man in the opposite window was pumping his dick now, nice and fast. I wanted us to cum together. As much as I enjoyed playing with myself while I admired my mother's plump, red lips, the need to cum was too strong. "I have to go now. I um, need to get ready for bed."
I started to fuck myself deeper with the dildo. I imagined it was Billy. With luck, soon he would be filling my pussy up, like this, but harder.
"Ok Baobao, I will send you his picture later! Good night!"
"Night Mom..." I responded breathlessly. I was getting close to cumming.
"Oh, and I have a surprise planned for your birthday next week! Text me your address so I can send it over in time."
"Ok Mom... Bye!" I clicked the red icon as fast as I could before dropping the phone to the bed.
I looked directly at the youth in the window as I begin to fuck myself deeper with the dildo. His hand was now a blur. It turned me on to make a guy so horny that he could barely control himself.
I lifted up my shirt, letting him openly ogle my tits. I remembered flashing my tits when I was 18 at a couple of old men on a bench. What can I say? I love the attention.
I played with one breast, squeezing it and circling the nipple. I thought of how I had done the same thing for Billy only hours earlier. I wondered would this become a regular habit of mine.
I could tell the young man was close to cumming. As was I...
I decided to give him a special treat. I shifted and got on my hands and knees, turning until my ass and pussy were directly visible to him, with my head close to the bed. I presented my private parts to him like a banquet. I bet he would have given his right arm then to lick my pussy... maybe even my ass. The thought sent a further thrill through me. I had always wanted a guy to do that to me. Or maybe a girl.
I looked back over my shoulder as I recommenced fucking myself with the rubber cock.
Within a few minutes, I yet again saw his body tense, and I bit my lip as his cum shot again and again. Thick white ropes struck and dripped down his window pane. Dirty boy! I imagined it was my face he was spraying his hot load over. A horny young white kid giving his first Asian facial...
Mmmmmmm... Yummy.
Unbidden, my Mom's face appeared in my mind, covered with the young man's jizz. This time she had a depraved, wanton expression, her tongue obscenely licking what cum she could reach and swallowing greedily. I imagined myself leaning closer until our tongues touched.
I cried out with primal, guttural desire as I came like a rutting animal.
My teeth clenched and my back arched. The wet sound of the dildo pumping my eager cunt and my shameless, feral panting filled the room. My pussy was on fire. I felt my body spasm as wave after wave of pleasure moved through me like divine electricity. The orgasm was so powerful, I almost felt dizzy as I climaxed.
"OHHHHHH FUUUUUCCCCCCKKKKK!!!" I moaned again and again, bucking with the aftershocks of a particularly intense orgasm.
After what seemed like hours, I regained control of my body and opened my eyes.
I turned to look at the youth.
Our eyes met, and he grinned at me. I smiled back, blushing a little, a bare hint of modesty returning now that my need had been satisfied. I thought of how this exceptionally intimate and beautiful moment would likely remain just that; a pure, exhilarating memory shared only between the two of us.
I rose and blew him a kiss before finally closing the curtains on our illicit scene.