All characters are 18 and older.
Part 4: Taking control of my student's family
Author's note:
This chapter contains:mind control, incest, brother/sister, submissive females, dominate male, exhibition, mother/daughters, mother/son, pee, watersport, piss drinking, pee on, blowjob, cum swallowing, mind break, squirting, female students, breast expansion, defloration, anal sex, inflation.
This a quick reminder of how to use the journal:
1. You must picture the person(s)'s face when writing down his/her full name. After the person(s)'s full name has been written down you must issue a command(s) for that person.
2. If there is no specific time of duration of the command(s) issued, the command will only last for 30 minutes. After 30 minutes the person will not remember what took place.
3. Getting the person(s) you control to commit murder is taboo. Those that break this taboo rule will face a painful and excruciating death.
4. If you have given the person(s) a verbal command(s) instead of a written one the verbal command(s) will overrule the written command(s) and it will be what that person(s) truly believe
Before I left, I made a wrote in the journal, 'Yuki Natsume will open the door and greet me in her skimpy underwear while Misako and Ruri Natsume will stand behind her naked. Yuki Natsume will ask me to follow her to her bedroom. Along the way Yuki Natsume will strip off her underwear and she would be comfortable with me seeing her in her birthday suit. In the meantime, both Misako and Ruri Natsume will be in the living room making out and playing with each other's pussy moaning loudly as they orgasm. Yuki Natsume will get hot, horny and distracted by her mother's and sister's moans. As Haru Kato is marking her assignment, Yuki Natsume will start to masturbate, and she won't feel embarrassed by doing it in front of her tutor in fact she will show her tutor on how she masturbates and come. After she has finished masturbating Yuki Natsume will beg her tutor to have sex with her and to make it more enticing Yuki Natsume will tell Haru Kato that he can have sex with her and fill her womb/uterus with his semen anytime he wants. Yuki Natsume will agree to any of his sexual requests. Misako, Yuki and Ruri Natsume are all extreme squirters every time they orgasm; they will shoot out a massive stream of their pussy juice.'I closed the book and made my way to Yuki Natsume's house.
I arrived at Yuki Natsume's house and rang the doorbell. Yuki Natsume opens the door widely in her underwear with her mother and sister behind her naked. I greeted them and thanked them for the show. Once the door was closed Yuki Natsume said to her mother and sister, "I'm taking Haru to my room for my lessons."
"Okay, but leave your door open," replied Misako Natsume.
As we were walking up the stairs Yuki started to take off her bra and as we were getting close to her room, she took off her panties. We arrive at Yuki's room with Yuki in the nude.
We sat around her desk and Yuki started to work on her assignments. Halfway through we could hear moans coming from the living room and it was starting to affect Yuki who was blushing furiously. I took a glance at Yuki and saw that she was rubbing her legs with each other as well as pinching her hard nipples. I asked her, "Can you can continue, or do you want to take a quick break so you can get it out of your system?"
"Can I take a quick break and get it out of my system?" asked Yuki
"Of course. Do you want me to leave?" I asked her
"No. Please stay, I want you to watch me masturbate," said Yuki.
"Oh, so you enjoy having other people see you like this?" I asked Yuki.
"No, I only want you and my family to see me like this," replied Yuki.
"So, it's okay for me to go and call your mother and sister to watch you masturbate?" I asked Yuki.
"Yes, in fact why don't you go and get them so the three of us can help each other while giving you a show and I might give you my virginity as well," said Yuki.
"As tempting as that sound, it would be better to do that after your tutoring session. But I don't mind if you want to masturbate with me watching," I told Yuki.
"Okay," replied Yuki.
Yuki Natsume pushed her chair back from her desk, spread her legs open towards me, started to rub her slit and clit. As she started to rub her pussy with her right hand, her pussy started to get wet, and she started to rub her nipples between her fingers. As I'm watching Yuki masturbate, she looked at me, tasted herself on her fingers before she puts 2 fingers in her mouth getting them nice and wet, then she slides them into her pussy.
I said to Yuki," You won't mind if I started to masturbate as well, right?"
"By all means go ahead. Am I making you horny by making you watch me masturbating?" inquire Yuki.
"Yes, it is," I told her. "Since you got me all hot and horny, I want you to take off my pants and give me a blowjob."
"Okay," said Yuki. She got on her knees and pulled both my pants and underwear down. She did a little gasp since she wasn't expecting to see all my 13 inches in full glory.
Yuki Natsume slowly started to lick the head and carefully taking my dick in her mouth. As she was sucking my dick, Yuki inserted her fingers into her she let out a moaning and started to move the fingers in and out of her pussy.
As Yuki Natsume was sucking on me dick her pussy started to get wetter and wetter. When I looked down at Yuki Natsume, I could see a puddle of her pussy liquid forming underneath her.
As I was getting close to orgasm I said to Yuki, "I am going to shoot 3 loads of semen in your mouth and the rest on your face. As I'm shooting my load in your mouth and on your face, you will also have a big orgasm as well. You will wait until I tell you to swallow the semen in your mouth and rub whatever is left all over your face and breast."
Yuki Natsume gave me to okay signal that she understood what to do.
I let out a moan as I climaxed, and Yuki's body shuddered with her own orgasm. I pulled my dick out of her mouth after shooting 3 loads of semen and I aim the remaining loads on her face and chest.
Once I had finished, I told her, "You can swallow the semen in your mouth now while rubbing the semen that's on your face and chest."
As Yuki Natsume was swallowing the semen and rubbing her body, she had another orgasm. Once she had finished coming, she looked at me with a smile on her face.
As I reached down and pulled up both my pants and underwear. Once I had finished putting on my pants Yuki stuck out her hand for me to pull her up. When Yuki stood up her bright red and when she saw a puddle of clear liquid underneath her.
I told her, "It's okay you can clean it up later. Besides I enjoyed watching you come. Now let's get back to the lesson."
The tutoring continued for another hour and by the time we were done it was almost time for me to head home.
Before I was about to leave Yuki Natsume's room, I remembered what she had said to me earlier. I asked Yuki, "Do you still want to lose your last 2 virginity in front of your mother and sister?"
"Yes, I do," replied Yuki. "Okay, do you want to lose them in your bedroom or living room?" I asked Yuki.
"I want to lose both of them in my bedroom," replied Yuki.
"Okay, I'll wait for you here and I believe both your mom and sister are still in the living room," I said to Yuki.
Yuki Natsume left her bedroom naked and when she got to the living room, I heard Misako Natsume saying to Yuki, "Why are you naked? Did you do your tutoring lessons naked? Is that semen on your face and chest?"
"Yes, I'm naked because I wanted to be the same as the two of you. I was naked in my own room and yes, I did do my tutoring lesson naked. The reason why I'm covered in semen is when the two of you were masturbating, both of your loud moans affected both of us. So, I gave Haru Kato a blowjob and not only did he come on my face and chest I even swallowed some of his semen as well. Besides, that is not the point I wanted both you and Ruri to come up to my room and watch my owner deflower my last 2 virgin holes?" replied Yuki.
When I heard the word 'owner'coming out of Yuki Natsume's mouth I thought to myself 'hmm that does make me an owner since I have taken 1/3 of her virgin holes. I'll have to explain the difference between an owner and a Master.'
"Sure, let's go to your room to watch you losing your virginities," replied Misako.
"It's going to be sexy watching your owner taking his 13-inch cock into your virgin ass and pussy," said Ruri.
"Wait, how do you know he has a 13-inch cock," asked Yuki.
"He has a 13-inch cock. Oh my, my pussy is getting wet just thinking of having that monster inside me," replied Misako.
Ruri confessed, "He took my virginity last week it's because I was mean to him and called him different mean names. He finally had enough of it, so he decided to discipline me for it."
"Good at least you learn your lesson about being mean to someone you just met for the first time," replied Misako.
"So, are going to my bedroom or not?" asked Yuki.
"Let's go to your room Yuki and watch that 13-inch cock destroy your ass and pussy," said Misako.
While I was waiting for Yuki Natsume to come back with her mom and sister I quickly wrote in the journal, 'Misako and Ruri Natsume will film Yuki Natsume taking Haru Kato's dick into her virgin holes. When Yuki is having sex Haru Kato, Misako and Ruri Natsume will start to masturbate. Misako and Ruri Natsume will orgasm at the same time as Yuki Natsume. Misako and Ruri Natsume will squirt all over Yuki Natsume's body. Haru Kato will shoot 1 load into Yuki Natsume's uterus, 1 load into her butt and 1 all over her body. Once everyone has orgasm, Misako Natsume will lick Yuki Natsume's body while Ruri Natsume will lick all the semen out of Yuki Natsume's ass and pussy and will share the semen in her mouth with Yuki Natsume. Misako Natsume will see this and starts to masturbate. Misako Natsume will orgasm and squirt on both Yuki and Ruri Natsume.'
I put the journal away quickly because I could hear footsteps coming up the stairs. I heard a knock on the door and when the door open both Misako and Ruri Natsume face where red with excitement at the thought of Yuki becoming one of their Master's sex slaves.
I said to Ruri and Misako Natsume, "So glad the two of you can join us. I don't want the two of you to miss the moment when Yuki becomes a woman." I then said to Misako Natsume, "How does it feel to watch your daughter lose her virginity and having sex for the first time?"
"It makes me feel dirty, excited and horny at the same time Master," replied Misako Natsume.
"Oh, please elaborate," I said to Misako Natsume.
"It makes me feel dirty that I shouldn't watch my daughter having sex for the first time, but it makes me feel excited knowing that she is in good hands and horny on how she will react to your magnificent dick going inside her unused pussy. It's making me wet just thinking about it. Does this make me a bad mother wanting to watch her daughter turn from a girl to a woman before her very eyes?" asked Misako Natsume.
"No, mom it makes you a great mother for watching what is best for your daughter and how she became a full fledge woman right before your very eyes," replied Yuki.
"Aww thanks honey for saying that. It makes me feel special to watch our master deflower you and to make you one of his slaves," replied Misako.
"I agree as well," said Ruri Natsume.
"Then let's get started with me losing both my virginities and making Hide Kato my owner," said Yuki Natsume.
I then explained to Yuki the difference between an Owner and a Master, "When I do take your last 2 virginities it will make me your Master not your Owner. An owner will have the right to own your body but doesn't have your heart and soul. While a Master will demand you to give your heart and soul to serve him/her with your whole heart. Also, an owner can just sell you without your permission like a house or property, while in some cases a Master will ask his slaves their opinion if they want to be sold or to stay where they are. So, which one do you prefer me being your Owner or Master?"
"Hmm," says Yuki Natsume as she ponders her option.
"I would rather you be my Master than Owner," said Yuki Natsume.
"I want to give you my everything that's my heart, soul and my open dirty mind on how you want me to act, dress and who to have sex with," said Yuki Natsume.
I turned and asked both Ruri and Misako Natsume while looking directly at Misako Natsume, "Once I have taken Yuki Natsume's virginities, I will make her one of my slaves. Are you okay with that?"
"Yes," both of them replied.
"Okay then let's get started. Since Yuki is no longer wet and horny after having this discussion, I want both of you to make out with Yuki and cross that Taboo threshold," I said.
As the three of them started to make out I quickly went to my notebook and wrote down the changes that I want to happen to all 3 of them.Misako Natsume's breast will grow until it reaches her pubic area; Ruri Natsume's breast will grow until it reaches her thighs, and Yuki Natsume's breast will grow until it reaches her navel. Misako's, Ruri's and Yuki's bodies will be able to support the new size and weight of their breast's expansion. All three of them will start to lactate and their nipples and clit will constantly be hard and super sensitive. Misako, Ruri and Yuki Natsume will be comfortable seeing each other naked, masturbating in their rooms or common areas in the house, using the bathroom when someone is already in there, and leaving their clean vibrators out for any to see and use.
Ruri's, Yuki's and Misako Natsume's pussy will constantly be wet.
Ruri, Yuki and Misako Natsume will go to a salon every second weekend and remove any hairs on their arms and legs as well as under their armpits while keeping their pubic hairs neatly trimmed. Misako Natsume will remove their bedroom doors as well as the doors to the washrooms. Misako, Yuki and Ruri will be comfortable using their washroom with no doors. Misako, Yuki and Ruri will remain naked in their own house and will be comfortable to masturbate, squirt and lactate in front of each other while making their house smell of sex and milk. Misako, Yuki and Ruri will be comfortable masturbating in front of their friends and guests as well.
Any friends or guests that are brought or invited over will think it is normal to be naked, watching each other masturbate in that house and are not bother by the smell of sex and milk. As well as covering their host with their semen or pussy juice.
When I finished writing down in my notebook how I want their breasts to expand and making each of them comfortable to see each other naked I closed my notebook and put it back in my bag.
Once the notebook was back in my bag I suddenly I heard a bunch of pleasure moans coming from the bed. I turned and saw that their breasts had started to expand to their desired size that I had written down.
"Oh My God, my breasts feel heavy, sensitive and I'm even lactating," said Misako.
"My pussy is really wet and I'm feeling really horny," said Ruri.
"Master please fuck me. My pussy is dripping wet and aching for your cock," pleaded Yuki.
"Ruri, I want you to make my cock wet and ready before I fuck Yuki," I said to Ruri.
"Yes, Master," replied Ruri. As she took my cock in her mouth and started to give me a blowjob.
Once my cock was wet and ready I turned to Yuki and said, "Lie on the bed and get ready to lose your virginities."
Once Yuki Natsume lay on the bed, I started to make out with her by kissing her lips then slowly work my way down to her breasts and nipples. Yuki Natsume started to moan with pleasure which set off a chain reaction of both Misako and Ruri Natsume who started to moan as well.
My cock started to poke her entrance to her pussy and Yuki looked at me with desires in her eyes. I slowly push my cock into her folds, and I felt a little resistance halfway to her womb. I pulled my dick back a bit and shove again breaking her hymen as I did that Yuki Natsume let out a moan.
Yuki Natsume said to me, "Master, thank you for taking my pussy virginity and making me a woman." Then Yuki turned her head and said to both her sister and mother, "Did you two see the moment I became an adult woman?"
"Yes, we did, and it was lovely," said Misako Natsume
"His dick is spreading my pussy, and his big cock is fitting tightly inside my pussy. So, this is what it's like to have a big cock inside," said Yuki Natsume.
"It's the best feeling there is and having his cock pounding at the entrance of the womb makes it even better," said Ruri Natsume.
As I started to push my dick inside Yuki Natsume's pussy, she started to let out her sexy moans and started to say, "It hurts a lot. It hurts but it's also a good hurt."
"I'm going to start slowly so your deflowered pussy can get used to the shape of my cock," I told Yuki Natsume.
After a quick couple of thrust inside Yuki's pussy I pull my dick out and shove the whole length of my cock inside her pussy even penetrating her uterus as I did that Yuki moaned saying, "Master you feel so good inside my pussy, you are even inside my baby making room. I'm coming just from having my womb penetrated by your massive dick." Once Yuki had finished saying that she had an orgasm.
As I continued to thrust my dick inside Yuki's pussy, I said to Yuki, "I'm going to increase the speed of my thrust."
Yuki Natsume looked at me and nodded her head. She then started to say while moaning, "I feel something coming and it's a big one."
I continued to thrust my cock in and out at a steady pace Yuki turned her head and said to both Ruri and Misako while grunting, "Can someone or both of you record a video of our Master fucking my now adult pussy?"
"Sure, we'll do it," said both Misako and Ruri Natsume.
Both Ruri and Misako Natsume got out their phones, went to the foot of the bed and started to film Yuki having sex. Misako filmed Yuki's pussy getting destroyed by my cock and Ruri filmed Yuki's stomach where her womb is located.
As both Ruri and Misako were filming Yuki started to feel her orgasm coming, "I'm coming. I'm coming."
"FUUUUUUUUCCCCCCKKKKKK," as Yuki Natsume orgasm letting out her squirt and breast milk covering both Ruri and Misako Natsume both Misako and Ruri Natsume also orgasm as well. I slowed down my thrust pulled my dick out and let Yuki catch her breath then I started thrusting into Yuki's pussy again.
I said to Misako, Yuki and Ruri Natsume, "Ruri, I want you to sit on Yuki's mouth; Misako, I want you to sit on Yuki's breast, having one of Yuki's nipple inside your pussy and start kiss Ruri while playing with her breasts; Yuki, I want you to lick Ruri's pussy while I'm fucking yours. Also, Misako I want you to put your phone on a stand or support and continue to record Yuki's pussy getting stretched."
Once I had finished speaking, Misako quickly set her phone up to continue to record Yuki's pussy getting pounded and all 3 of them quickly get into their position.
As I continue to have sex with Yuki Natsume, all 3 of them started moaning heavily and once I hit Yuki's g-spot she had a massive orgasm which set off a chain reaction. Ruri squirted into Yuki's mouth; Misako squirted on Yuki's breast; Yuki squirted her breast milk inside Misako's pussy; Ruri squirted her breast milk all over Misako's body and Yuki tightened her pussy with made me flood her pussy with so much of my semen that it started to inflate bring Yuki to another orgasm.
As I pulled my dick out of Yuki's pussy a massive amount of semen came spilling out of Yuki's gaping pussy. Both Ruri and Misako went and look at Yuki's now deflowered gaping pussy and they could see all the way inside and saw Yuki's cervix spitting out semen.
I then said to all 3 of them, "Yuki, I want you on your hands and knees, Misako, I want you on your back with your head underneath Yuki's pussy and Ruri, I want you to be on top of Yuki with your head facing towards Yuki's ass."
The three of them quickly get into the positions, I then said to Yuki, "I'm going to be taking your next virginity and that is your ass." Yuki moaned in response.
I said to Ruri (who was lying on top of Yuki), "Lick Yuki's asshole and make it sure it is lubricated enough for me to stick my dick in." Ruri quickly started to lick and finger Yuki's asshole.
Then I said to Misako (who was lying underneath Yuki)," Take my cock in your mouth and make sure that it is clean and wet for Yuki's ass." Misako started to lick my cock and said, "I'm enjoying the taste of Yuki's pussy juice on your cock Master."
Once everything was ready, I rubbed the head of my cock on Yuki's wet pussy getting the head nice and wet as I was doing that Yuki was letting out sexy moans.
I lined my cock up to Yuki's asshole but before I pushed it in, I said to both Ruri and Yuki, "I want you to lick and finger Misako's pussy and Ruri, I want you to rub yourself off on the back of Yuki's head." Yuki started to finger and lick Misako's pussy while Ruri is masturbating using the back of Yuki's head. I then shoved my cock into Yuki's asshole and Yuki moan in pleasure into Misako's pussy setting off another orgasm chain. I went hard and fast fucking Yuki's asshole while making out with Ruri.
As I reached my peak and started to come inside Yuki's asshole, Yuki, Misako and Ruri all orgasmed at the same time. Yuki's upper body was covered in both Ruri's and Misako's squirt and her lower half was covered in both Ruri's and Misako's breast milk while Misako's upper body was covered in Yuki squirt and Misako's lower half was covered in Yuki's breast milk.
Before I pulled my cock out of Yuki's asshole I said to Misako, "I want you to open your mouth lick my cock clean. Once my cock is clean, I want you to lick the semen coming out of Yuki's ass and swallow it." Misako said, "Okay Master." I pulled my cock out of Yuki's ass and shove it quickly into Misako's mouth while she cleaned my cock with her tongue. Once my cock was clean Misako started to lick the semen that was coming out of Yuki's asshole. Ruri collapsed to the right side of Misako's body while Yuki collapsed to the left side of Misako's body and all 3 of them were panting with a look of satisfaction on their faces. I got up from Yuki's bed, went to my backpack to grab my notebook and started to write down the type of clothing that all 3 of them should wear 'Misako Natsume's wardrobe will only contain short dresses with massive cleaves that go down to her navel area, with no backing and all will have different shortness of the dress. The dresses will only cover her nipples leaving her ass and pussy expose. Misako Natsume's wardrobe will also contain a couple of spaghetti strap long dresses will cover her nipples and has a massive cleave that go down to her pubic area. Also Misako Natsume's wardrobe will contain a 4 different type of gowns: the first gown will be cup-less leaving her breasts exposed, the second gown will have a cut out exposing her pussy, the third gown will have a cut out that exposes her ass and the fourth gown will have cut outs that exposes her breasts, pussy and ass.
Yuki Natsume's wardrobe will only contain micro bikinis that will only cover her nipples and clit. Even her school uniform will also be a micro bikini. Yuki Natsume's wardrobe will also contain a couple of cup-less micro bikini that exposes her breast and pussy; a couple string bikinis, a couple of sling bikinis, a couple of crotchless monokini and a bikini top that only exposes her nipples.
Ruri Natsume's wardrobe will only contain a couple of short skirts that sits on her hips exposing her ass and pussy, a couple of tank tops that will too be short to cover her breasts, a couple of sexy open chest blouses, a couple of cup-less blouse, a couple of yoga pants, sweatpants and shorts. Even her school uniform will be an open chest blouse crop with a short skirt.
Misako, Yuki and Ruri's clothes are shared with each other.
Misako Natsume will use hers, Ruri's and Yuki's panties as counter cloth and as cleaning cloth. Misako Natsume will use hers, Ruri's and Yuki's bras as rags.
Ruri and Yuki Natsume's school will approve of their new school uniforms and Misako Natsume's workplace will also approve of her new wardrobe.
Everybody that sees them will think it is normal for a family of exhibitionist sluts to be dress like that.
Misao, Ruri and Yuki Natsume will not discourage their classmates' or co-workers' suggestions or encouragement.
Misako Natsume's co-workers will encourage her to herself masturbate in the lunchroom or office, using the male washroom, having the male staffs ejaculate on her, having both her ass and pussy filled with semen, going home naked covered in semen and her ass and pussy filled with semen. Misako Natsume's co-workers will also encourage her to come to work wearing shorter dresses every week and sit at her desk with her legs open. Also, when Misako Natsume's managers invited her to any corporate events, they would ask her to wear her fanciest and exhibitionist outfits.
Yuki Natsume's classmates will encourage her to masturbate during classes and lunch, using the male washroom and changing room, going to gym class topless, giving her male classmates a blowjob, getting covered in semen by her male classmates, getting her female classmates to cover her in their urine, going home naked and her ass and pussy filled with semen.
Ruri Natsume's classmates will encourage her to attend each class naked, sit at her desk with her legs open, masturbate in front of the class, having her spread her pussy wide, having sex with her male classmates during each class, getting her nipples, pussy and ass fill with semen after school, going home covered in semen and with her ass, pussy and nipples filled with semen.
Once Misako, Ruri and Yuki Natsume have arrived home they will take their clothes out of their bags and leave them on the porch before entering their house. Once they have entered their house, they will start to release all the stored semen that is in their ass, pussy and nipples all over the house while masturbating at the same time.
Once I had finished writing down what I wanted them to wear and how their friends, co-workers and classmates would act I closed the notebook and put it back in my bag. I then said to all 3 of them, "It's time for me to go home. Misako can you come and see me out. Oh before I go I want Ruri and Misako to give me your phone numbers." Ruri and Misako both nodded their heads, Ruri told me her phone number. Misako got up from the bed and walked with me to the door naked and she then said to me, "This has been one of the greatest nights of my life seeing you dominating the 3 of us, enjoying each other's forbidden fruits, me seeing you having sex with one of my daughters, getting to experience my daughter becoming a woman and the 3 of us enjoying each other's naked presence. Before I let you go here is my phone number."
"Glad you enjoy a good family bonding. I'll see you guys soon," I said.
Misako opened the door and stood behind the door waiting for me to leave. Once I left, Misako closed the door and turned off the lights.
Once I got home and opened the door I was hit with the smell of sex and sweet milk smell. "I'm home," I called out once I closed the door. Ayaka, Yui and Hina all came out of their bedrooms to greet me.
"So how did the tutoring session go?" Ayaka asked me as I walked toward my chair in the living room.
"The tutoring session went well. But during that time, I got 3 more sex slaves, and I did not force them ('yeah right' I thought to myself)they took the incentive of wanting to be my sex slaves but not any ordinary sex slave they wanted to become my exhibitionist sex slaves. Now I'm trying to think if I want them to live in this neighborhood or continue staying in their current neighborhood," I said to Ayaka.
"WHAT!!!! YOU HAVE MORE SEX SLAVES!!! Aren't you happy with us Master? Have we done something wrong?" cried Ayaka and both Yui and Hina looked at me as if they were about to cry.
I reassured all 3 of them, "If I want to go on a date, I can't bring any of you with me because we are related so to avoid society looking down on us or shaming us it had to be done this way. But don't worry the 3 of you will always be my favorite because even though we are family I care and love all 3 of you."
Once I had explained everything to the 3 of them, they all calmed down. Then Hina said to me, "Master, I just realized that there is a house in the area that is for sale. I saw a for sale sign on my home from work one day and it's not far from our house, maybe 10-15 houses away. Maybe your student's family could move into that house and into this neighborhood if they want to."
"Thanks for telling me that Hina. I'll let them know in a couple of days when I go back there for the next tutoring session. Would you like a reward Hina for telling me a really good new?" I asked Hina.
"Master, can you have sex and sleep with me in my room," said Hina quietly while blushing heavily and looking embarrassing. I wasn't the only one shocked at Hina's bold request, Ayaka and Yui were quite equally shocked as well. "Is that a no Master?" asked Hina.
"Your request is quite bold. I never expected you to say something like that in front of our mother and sister," I said to Hina. "But since you did a good job, I might as well honor your request."
Hina squealed in delight as she got her request fulfilled. I then said to Hina, "I'll give Misako Natsume a call tomorrow and see what she says."
"Now let me get a bite to eat and take a shower before I honor your request," I said to Hina.
"No problems Master, I can wait for a couple of hours for you to finish what you need to do. It's not that big of a deal," said Hina.
As I was eating my dinner I was thinking'what other perverted things can I do to mine and Yuki's family. I could make them wear pasties that are so small that cover only their stiff nipples and clit instead of them wearing their regular clothes; or I could make them buy clothes that are completely transparent; or I can make them sell all of their clothes and go buy new ones naked; or I could make them wear their vibrators going to work & school. Or I could make the Natsume household go and get piercings. Ruri will have two rings on top of her pussy lips and two rings on the bottom close to her ass so that way she can have her pussy spread open so people can see her cervix; Misako will get 3 piercing on her nipples, 1 on top, 1 on the left and 1 on the right and they will be rings so that way she'll make a bikini top with her nipples gaping wide; Yuki will get her nipples and clit pierced. Decisions, decisions what do I do? I know I'll make the Natsume household wear their vibrators at work and at school and it must be in their pussy the whole entire day and the vibration to be at a medium level.'I quickly finished eating and made my way to Hina's room. As I passed by the living room Yui, Hina and Ayaka were watching TV, I said to Yui and Ayaka "I want the both of you to go upstairs and have sex with each other until you both have orgasmed 5 times."
Then I said to Hina, "Go to your room and make sure that you are nice and wet for my cock. I want you to masturbate while listening to your mother and sister having sex while you are waiting for my cock. I'll go to your room once I have finish taking a shower."
Once I had finished speaking all of us went up the stairs, Hina went to her room while Ayaka went into Yui's room. I made my way to my room and once I got into my room I closed my door.
I went to the notebook and wrote, 'Yuki, Ruri and Misako Natsume will be wearing their vibrators throughout the day and the setting on their vibrators will be at a medium speed.
After dinner, Ruri Natsume will ask both her sister and mother to stretch out her ass and pussy and she will tell them that her male classmates asked her to stretch out her pussy so that they want to see inside her pussy. Also, she will ask Ayaka if she can get her pussy lips pierced so that way her pussy will stay completely open, and she declared to both Yuki and Ayaka that she's an exhibitionist slut and she want everyone to see the inside of her pussy and eventually she will want everyone to see the inside of her uterus, ass, bladder and nipples. Misako Natsume will agree to Ruri's request of stretching out her pussy and getting her pussy lips pierced but not all at once. Misako Natsume will tell Ruri that they will stretch out her pussy first every day and after 4 weeks they will go to a piercing shop and get her pussy lips pierced. Also, Misako Natsume will tell Ruri that she has to put in different size dildos starting from the medium size to the extra-large size into her pussy since that is also part of her stretching and once Ruri Natsume get to the extra-large size she'll have to keep inside her pussy for 2 weeks. During that time Misako Natsume will look for an even larger size dildo to help Ruri Natsume with her request.
Misako Natsume will also tell both Ruri and Yuki Natsume that she is also an exhibitionist slut and that she too will also get her pussy lips and clit pierced as well but she will tell them that she will take it even further. She'll then ask one of the staff to pull her uterus out and get her cervix pierced as well so that everyone can see the inside of her uterus all the way to her fallopian tubes and not only that, but she'll ask them to put 2 small vibrators into her fallopian tube to hide her ovaries. After Ayaka had said that both Yuki and Ruri got wet with excitement and started to masturbate right away.
Yuki Natsume will then declare that she too is an exhibitionist slut and that wearing clothes that barely covers her nipples and clit makes her super wet. Yuki Natsume will also tell both Ayaka and Ruri that when she leaves the house on the weekend to hang out with her friends, she'll take off her bikini top and bottom exposing her naked body for everyone to see. Yuki Natsume will pinch her nipples, clit and fingering her own pussy while they are out in the mall or in public places.
Yuki Natsume will tell Haru Kato the name of her best friend when he asked for it and the problems her best friend is facing at her house.
Once I had finished writing in my notebook, I went to Hina's room and on my way there I can hear Hina, Yui and Ayaka moaning as they reached their multiple climaxes. I entered Hina's room as she had finished masturbating, I quickly undressed and climbed onto Hina's bed. Hina was still in a daze after having multiple orgasms, I quickly shoved my dick into her wet pussy, and as I shoved my dick into her pussy Hina had another orgasm. As I was fucking Hina, Hina was experiencing multiple orgasms when I thrust my dick in her pussy. As I was getting close to my climax, I said to Hina," When I come inside your pussy you will also come but your orgasm will be a big one."
"FUCK!!!! I'M COMING IN YOUR FUCKING TIGHT PUSSY. TAKE IT YOU SISTER SLUT," I said to Hina.
"DO IT!! COME IN ME, YOUR SISTER SLUT. FILL ME WITH YOUR SEMEN," Said Hina.
As I ejaculated in Hina's pussy, I let out a loud moan while Hina let out an orgasmic cry of pleasure. I collapsed to Hina's side while breathing heavily, I turned to look at Hina and she was covered in sweat and had a glow around her.
I got up from Hina's bed and went to take a shower. After I took my shower I went back to my room, sat at my desk, grabbed the notebook and wrote down more commands but this time I decided to make changes to Yui's school rules.
I wrote in the notebook, 'All female students in Yui Kato's school will wear a tube top that will cover only their nipples and their nipples will be seen through the tube top; their school skirt that will sit only at their waist exposing their pubic mound, panties that will only cover their urethra and black shoes. All female students in Yui Kato's school will have a constant wet pussy and their nipples and clit will constantly be hard and sensitive. All female students in Yui Kato's school will masturbate in their classes while their female teachers are teaching while having sex with their male classmates. The parents of all the female students at Yui Kato's school will comply with the new school uniform rules.
All the male students and male teachers in Yui Kato's school will have sex with their female classmates or female teachers or female co-worker.
All female teachers in Yui Kato's school will wear either an open blouse with no buttons, or a micro bikini top that will only cover their nipples, or nipples stickers, crotchless pantyhose, and high heels. All female teachers in Yui Kato's school will set up cameras in their classroom. All female teachers in Yui Kato's school will have sex with their male students while teaching the class. Also, all female teachers will ask all the male students to have sex by using all their holes be it their urethra, pussy, ass, mouth and nipples and stretched them until they are completely gaping. All female teachers will also have sex with their female students. All female teachers are squirters and their pussy will constantly be dripping wet. At the end of each school days the female teachers will go home naked and the next school day the female teachers will dress according to the new school rule. Also, at the end of each school festival the female teachers will play their sex tapes in front of a big crowd and as the tape is playing the male students will start to have sex with the female students or teachers that are not in their class. Yui Kato's school principal will come to school wearing a fishnet top, high heels, transparent panties, and with a vibrator in her ass. All the female teachers and the school Principal will have no hairs under their armpits, and no pubic hair.
I finished writing what I wanted to happen at Yui's school, I closed my notebook and went to bed.