Part 2. Office Tease
[ tease - office talk - sex in the sea - nude sunbathing - nude in public
Chapter 3. Conversation in A Darkened Room
My working relationship with Sylvia was about to take a quantum leap. I can't believe that what next took place really happened. We took a big risk at the time. What was I thinking; going along with her recklessness.? After decades of re-living and re-processing that memory, I only now realise how I could have wrecked my career in the close-knit world of my profession in the 1980s. But the idea was all Sylvia's, who was living in a world of her own elusive fantasies.

~*~*~

The next morning in the office following that badminton court encounter, Sylvia barely spoke to me. Then she sent John out in the afternoon on an audit check by himself. It was not the first time that she'd found a reason to get him out of the office, he was after all proving an increasing annoyance to both of us. But with lingering remembrances of the previous evening in my mind, I began to suspect an ulterior motive.
As a little bonus to him she offered, "I don't know how long the job will take but you can go straight home afterwards, since it's near to where you live."
John needed no second bidding, and went off happy as a sand boy. I did my tour of the rest of the division, and settled to deal with a final couple of hours' paperwork before going home. William was old and responsible enough to come home from school by himself and await my arrival and dinner.
It was a late Autumn afternoon. Our office overlooked a large square courtyard bounded on all four sides by several storeys of plate glass office windows. It was like being in a goldfish bowl, being seen from all sides, although the offices opposite were some distance away.
After working diligently in almost complete silence throughout the afternoon, and as the sun began to set that late autumn evening, Sylvia stopped working and seemed more inclined to talk. Dusk was drawing in outside and the office was darkening. Normally, she would get up and hit the light switches behind her at the door. But she didn't on this occasion, and I didn't request it.
I knew at once that she had a plan. A sixth sense also suggested a subtle change in her mood. My belly did somersaults in anticipation of a salacious discussion. I never imagined what would eventually occur.

~*~*~

We became engrossed in a wide-ranging conversation, always avoiding the topic uppermost in both our minds. The discussion was reaching new depths of intimacy, touching even on illicit subjects such as our respective celibacies. This was before the days of desktop computers. Work in the unlit office rapidly became impossible in the gathering gloom. White paper and biro just don't show up well in the dark.
Eventually, the only light to venture into our room was diffused illumination from the surrounding offices. I sat with my back to the windows, my face in shadow. All the other office interiors beyond the window were brilliantly lit whilst ours had slipped into relative darkness. The south-facing plate glass windows, laminated to reduce the glare from the sun, would reflect external artificial light and act like mirrors; we could see out but no-one could see in.
I had been feeling increasingly strong vibes emanating from Sylvia as the afternoon wore on. I had put it down to my imagination. Sylvia had probed about Sandra, who had received a big payout from the divorce and bought a home of her own with her lover.
Neither of us had alluded to the badminton experience.
We had been discussing television shows. I mentioned a police procedural called Juliet Bravo. It provoked a critical response from Sylvia. It was also to prove a convenient hook on which to ensnare me.
"What? You enjoy a tv show with a female actress as the lead?"
"Sure, it's a rare thing on TV, I grant you, but I'm gender blind when it comes to entertainment."
Sylvia snorted and replied, "Rare's the word, I can't think of another example. Females are usually used only as fodder for male leads. Take the Dukes of Hazzard: it's entirely male dominated - in the gender of the lead actors, the story lines - the women are just ornaments. Do you remember any of them? Go on, name one."
Her choice of TV show couldn't have been conjured up in an instant. Yet if she had been waiting on a chance to mention it, I had offered it unwittingly.
Sylvia lined me up in her sights. I fell into her trap. "Well, there's the cousin of Bo and Duke...what's her name?"
"You mean Daisy Duke?"
"And what's the first thing you think of when you hear her name?"
"Er, her cut-off shorts?"
"Precisely. I don't think she was chosen for her acting skills."
"The series is harmless fun. Nobody's hurt by it."
"No, but would you have even noticed her if it weren't for her shorts?"
Had Sylvia really begun that conversation just for that pay-off line? In her earnestness to make her point she leant forwards on the desk. Her bust seemed to grow in size as it spread slightly on the wooden surface. It wasn't the first occasion that she had leant forwards that afternoon, but a button had now come undone again. Her buttonholes had proven very resilient to past strains so I could not help thinking that perhaps she had undone it whilst I wasn't looking.
She abruptly changed topic, to my intense relief. But she had another plan of attack.
"Better to be out and about than watching male-oriented television. Where was the most exotic location you've holidayed at?"
I should have changed the topic of conversation there, or at least held back information. But my cock was throbbing with intense desire. She had lured me into a state or arousal. I wanted to talk of, or hint at sex now.
"Ah, that would be on the French Mediterranean; we went with my in-laws. That was a good holiday. It was where our son was conceived."
I knew that I had said more than I needed, and why. Sylvia's eyes brightened with sudden, keen interest. She shrugged her shoulders, quite unself-consciously. She was hanging on my words. Her breasts wobbled, before settling to rest again on the table. I felt the first frisson of sexual excitement wash through my torso. She prodded for more details.
"Was it the location that made it exotic, or were things going well between you at the time?"
"I think we were both seduced by the Mediterranean vibe. We stayed at Cogolin, a village in the hills west of St Tropez. "My in-laws had rented a villa with a pool. They took us with them. My wife and I were still a couple at that time. There's a fabulous, sandy beach south of St Tropez called le Plage de Pampelonne."
"Isn't that where Brigitte Bardot used to go?"
"Perhaps, but nowadays it's overrun with tourists like us."
Sylvia's eyes narrowed, and her lips parted at some deliciously sensuous thoughts she was savouring. Her tongue wetted her lips.
"Were the women topless?"
This was as near to the knuckle as our conversations had ever reached. The air positively crackled with pheromones.
"Bare breasts were rare on the town beach, but tits came out aplenty on the sands further south."
"And did your wife go - topless?" She shrugged her shoulders again as she paused on the cusp of that final word. My eyes dropped automatically to her bust. I mentally compared my ex-wife's smaller tits with Sylvia's. When I replied, my voice was strained.
"She did; she had to, because so was everybody else."
Sylvia's lips had parted. Her chest and neck had reddened. She was aroused. Seeing her like that was exciting me as well. The atmosphere in the darkened office was getting steamy. I felt her excitement increasing. It showed in her face, which oozed sensuality and saucy thoughts.
"And?"
She wanted more salacious details. This conversation could go literally anywhere.
"And what?"
"Was anyone naked?"
Her direct, probing question surprised me with its directness. We might both have been thinking it, but to hear it spoken out loud was surprising in those still prurient times. Once discussions delved to that depth, sex was surely almost certain to follow. But, in an office...?
"Well...there's a long stretch of sandy beach south of St Tropez, and the further away from the town we went, the freer and easier it got. We heard from another couple that first day, that there were nudists further south, but the beach was more difficult to reach because it was a long walk from the road.
"We went to explore it the following day. The road was indeed a long way from the beach, so we had to park at the road side and walk a long way until we reached the beach, then walk along the water's edge until we found nudists. Then we stripped off too."
"With your in-laws?"
"No, never. They weren't beach people so they let us use the car whilst they stayed around the town. We arranged a time to meet up. They did sight-seeing and had a long, wine-infused lunch. Then they sat on deckchairs by the sea front and snoozed. So were free to indulge our fantasies."
"Did you swim in the nude?"
"Yes, there were lots of couples doing it."
"And how was your son conceived?"
I had mentioned to her before, in passing, that he was the product of a holiday fling. She had remembered, and probably saved it up for a time when it was more appropriate to explore the circumstances in more prurient detail. Her question about holidays had clearly had a motive. But was the office an appropriate place for such a discussion?
"How much detail do you want?"
She was sat facing me and the window. Her face was faintly lit by stray light from outside. She looked very excited, aroused, as if close to an orgasm. My back was to the window and I was in shadow. She could only guess at my thoughts and feelings.
She urged me on. "We can't be overheard here, so I want to hear every last bit of detail you can give me." That statement was spoken with relish, her tone suggestive and emphatic. We were verging on ultra-sensitive territory. My heart beat faster and my stomach started fluttering.
I had never openly talked about sex before, even to other men, so this would be a first.
Her heightened desire was seeding the atmosphere with pheromones. She was hanging hungrily on my every word and stoking the air with endorphins.
"Since you ask, he was conceived in a moment of sheer recklessness by my wife. We'd drunk heavily the night before. We fell into bed in a state of high arousal. Sandra forgot to take the pill. The sex that night was particularly good, and she was unusually uninhibited.
"If I say so myself, I exceeded myself with my lovemaking. Our feelings were mutual. Our bodies acted instinctively. She was exceptionally aroused, and I kept her body on the boil for a long time, teasing her. She practically pleaded with me to let her come. When I finally relaxed control, my orgasm was immense. So was hers, she had multiple climaxes. We were both convinced without having to say it, that she would be pregnant. Then we repeated it the following day, which probably made sure of it."
Sylvia's face looked strained from dealing with her rampant libido. I imagined that I could smell her sex. She was leaning forward on her elbows, her hands resting on the desk, palms up, cupping her breasts in her hands through the blouse material. Those luscious tits shifted suggestively within her palms and fingers. My cock was already stiff, from our conversation. The sight of her now, groping her tits, was sending my physical equilibrium haywire. I could tell that she was over-excited as well.
I continued my tale.
"We drove that second day further down the coast to find the nudist area. It meant crossing scrubland on foot. But it was obvious when we reached the beach. There were lots of naked bodies lying on their backs, gleaming in the sun with liberally applied tanning oil. You can imagine the shock to my system at seeing all those gorgeous naked females.
"I can guess. Were you turned on?
"What a question to ask! What can I say? The only naked body I'd seen before that time was Sandra's. Now there was a whole beach full of them, a voyeur's paradise.
"The beach faced west and the sun was in our eyes as we looked out to sea. We saw figures bobbing about out there in the sparkling water, but they were indistinct, shadowy blurs against the glare of the sun. We went in to swim naked, of course. There is something very sensual about sea water lapping around naked skin, particularly one's first time. Sandra's wet body gleamed erotically in the sunlight, which glinted off the droplets on her skin. The sun was behind her so her breasts were partly in shadow, emphasising their glisteningly rounded shapes. I could tell that she was excited.
"Other couples were in the water around us, all spaced out discreetly. They were cuddling up to each other, standing on the bottom or treading water, their upper bodies bobbing up and down. We knew full well what they were doing, and in safe anonymity from the beach. It was like a conspiracy of canoodling couples. Have I invented a new collective noun?
"I made the first move, boldly stroking Sandra's breasts. She looked shocked, but then I felt her hand grasp my cock. Suddenly I had a strong urge to fuck her in the open air and the sea.
"She resisted at first, but her face glazed over as soon as I fingered her clit under the water. Her thighs parted, begging for more attention between her legs. She kissed me, her usual prelude to lying back on the bed for sex. But she couldn't do that in the sea, so she clung to my neck with her arms. Her body was buoyed up by the water. I lifted her lower body easily. She wrapped her legs around my hips, opening up her vagina for my penetration and leaning backwards. The saltwater buoyed up her upper body. It floated on the surface.
"Our bodies formed a triangle out from our hips. Her head dusted the surface of the water. The tops of our pubic areas were visible; the neck of my cock impaled inside her just below the surface. There could be no misunderstanding to those nearby about what we were doing. It was more explicitly implied than any of the surrounding couples. Her shaved pubic mound was visible on the surface, her breasts pointing skywards, her engorged nipples like twin peaks of lubricious temptation."
I was waxing lyrically in telling my true story. One might say I was deliberately stoking up Sylvia's fire. I continued.
"There was a rush of blood to my head. I was feeling light-headedness. The sound of the sea, the eddies of the water around our naked bodies, how light her body felt buoyed up by the salt water; seeing her naked upper body laid out before me in the sunlight, inviting me to ravish her; all contributed to a sense of overwhelming excitement. We both felt it.
"She became nervous, then, even in our permissive surroundings. My thick cock was firmly implanted inside her. She could not draw back. She asked, what if people can see what we're doing?
"I reminded her that with the sun behind us and our distance from the shore, nobody there could make out what we were doing."
"She pointed out other distant couples around us and said, but they can see us, they'll know what we're doing.
"I said that all those around us are doing exactly the same thing, so they won't mind. I pointed out the reason for their bobbing bodies.
"I didn't add that they were all acting far more discreetly than we were, and all of them were staring at us.
"I began to thrust more aggressively inside her. It felt exquisite doing it in the sea. Her naked, wet upper body looked so arousing laid out in front of me like that. The water supported her, making her feel much lighter than normal in my hands. I felt superhuman. We were both under the seductive, watery spell of the warm Mediterranean. Then at the last possible moment, she said that she had forgotten to take her pill.
"I asked, should I stop? She said, no, let's play Russian Roulette."
"I asked, did you take it the previous night? She said she hadn't."
"We both knew, then, but I fucked her nevertheless. She was giving me permission to inseminate. She got very excited - more than usual. Her reticence was consumed by the moment. Her arms clung around my neck, pulling my upper body down towards hers. She threshed about on the surface of the water. I saw other couples drifting closer to watch. I didn't mention that to her. She was lost in the moment.
"My heightened state of arousal gave me superhuman strength, and I pulled her body up vertically and towards my chest, so that she was riding my hips with her encircled legs. I could feel my cock now clear of the water and inside her, thrusting in and out. If any of our watchers had had any illusions about what we were doing, that graphic demonstration would have dispensed with any remaining doubts. I remember thinking that I wished I could see her taut bottom like our onlookers.
"I felt so liberated, unashamedly fucking her like that, with an appreciative audience.
"She came quickly, and very loudly. Her cries would have carried across the water to all those around us. It was so liberating after the constraints of our semi-detached house. We tried never to make too much noise there, having sex. Now, in the open air, far from home, her inner slut was unleashed. She thrashed about, clinging to my shoulders. The other couples could only imagine what internal sensations she was experiencing - Meg Ryan, eat your heart out. This was more than just pure sex. It was an act of mutual love and life creation.
"I hadn't needed any foreplay or holding back. I just let go, with the most astonishingly spontaneous orgasm of my life."

~*~*~

Chapter 4. Shenanigans In The Dark
Describing sex in such detail was cathartic, but it did nothing for my balls. I needed release, but the office was not the place.
My face was in shadow. Sylvia's upper body was bathed in a faint light from the window. She sat back in her chair, overwhelmed by my story. Satisfaction was etched all over her faintly illuminated face. One of her hands was clamped across her blouse, massaging a breast. Her other hand was somewhere out of sight below the top of her desk. She had an idyllic expression on her face. She can't possibly have climaxed, but my story had evidently given her great pleasure at some non-physical level.
Her hands both re-appeared on the table top, as if her mind had returned to its senses and realised what her posture had implied.
There was a long pause before she broke the silence, speaking in a voice strangled with tangled emotions. She hadn't forgotten her strategy.
"Ahem, changing the subject - did you notice anything particularly about our badminton match last night?"
"The badminton? I thought we weren't going to discuss it."
Her voice trembled as she fought to bring it under control. She forced her tone into a deeper, huskier timbre.
"I'm not talking now about the match. Did you notice anything aboutme?"
I smiled dreamily at the recollection of the evening before. She couldn't see my expression but hers was lit just about enough for me to read. Her face was again strained. An animalistic aura was emanating from her, probably more of those pheromones. The air conditioning had gone off. It had stilled the air and with it the background hum.
The silence was not just palpable, but electrifying in its aura. As she waited for my answer she leant forward once more, splaying out her breasts like a sacrificial offering.
Had I noticed anything about her on the badminton court? Of course I had.
I had nothing to lose now by being absolutely honest.
"How could I not? Your shorts were - tight. They hid nothing, and disguised little of the sexy contours of your hips and bottom. There was little left to the imagination, if I may say so."
She smiled broadly, her expression now one of supreme satisfaction. Her voice positively purred. The sound sent shivers chasing through my torso.
"I hoped you would notice them. What did Ellie say?"
"She passed it off as an irrelevance. Surely, Alfie must have said something though?"
"Alfie and I no longer have sex. He's too selfish and wrapped up in himself to bother with arousing me. He wouldn't notice details like that. We're finished as a couple. I've given him notice to get out."
Her words, emanating from the near darkness, seemed to hold greater significance.
My marriage was on the rocks, hers was finished, the field was open for us get together. That thought triggered a new surge of excitement in my penis. Some primeval instinct was telling my body that a potential mate had just become available.
"Well, I'm glad your display was for me, and that I alone could savour the sight of your taut bottom."
She bore a sly smile on her face. "Would you like to see it again?"
"I wouldn't object, if the occasion arose."
I now realised that all of her erotic chat had been leading to this moment.
"That's good because I'm wearing them now, under my skirt."
In that intimate gloom, those words struck me like a blast of wind; like an outside door being flung open in a storm. My description of sex with my wife in the sea might have been erotic, but it was nothing to the effect that simple admission from Sylvia had on me at that moment. Her words struck me like a mini shock wave, as if my whole upper body had been assailed by some unseen force. My feelings were amplified in that darkness. This was confirmation that she was ready and willing for whatever struck my fancy. We had gone beyond mere teasing.
Here we were, sitting in a darkened office, flirting openly but in a highly risky situation. All around us were other occupied offices. Although it was unlikely, we could be discovered at any moment.
The shock of her statement propelled me into a state of total arousal. At that moment, our interplay changed from flirtatious to intense mutual sexual excitement.
I gabbled in my confusion. "Why would you do that? Isn't wearing them all day uncomfortable? Would they not be tight on your hips?"
I could barely make out her face now. All I could interpret were her words, softly spoken and seductive.
"Don't you mean my bottom? I saw how you stared at it last night - my sexy bottom. You must have known that I was bending from the waist deliberately for you - to show it off to you. I did it at every conceivable opportunity. What do you make of that? Did you like what you saw?"
"I enjoyed it very much. It was a very - ahem - a very stirring sight. It's naughty of you to tease me about it like this, now, in the office."
"Yet you haven't switched the lights on. I wonder why? I wonder what other people out there are thinking of the two of us sitting in the dark? Perhaps you wanted this?"
"They can't see us."
"I know. So, would you like to see those bottom-hugging shorts again?"
Of course I would! I stared at her face. I knew mine was inscrutable to her in the gloom, whilst hers was softly lit. The atmosphere in that darkened office was febrile. Her face was transformed by a faintly suggestive smile. It looked, well, positively sexy and stunning. My heart pounded. She shifted her shoulders slightly. It made her breasts tremble then resettle on the desk top.
"Let's play a game, if you don't object. Pick up your pen and push yourself away from your table."
I sensed a tease afoot, but I was game for some harmless fun. It might actually relieve the sexual tension. What harm could it do?
My office chair was on castors. It moved backwards with ease. In the dark, I heard a drawer open under her table.
"Now place the pen between your upper lip and nose, and hold it there for thirty seconds."
It was a ridiculously trivial challenge. I grinned and made a feeble first attempt. The smooth brushed steel barrel of the Parker pen offered little purchase for my upper lip to retain it. Oh, for the hexagonal shaped barrel of a Bic at times like this! I managed just a few seconds. My head tilted forwards infinitesimally, and the pen fell onto the table.
I knew it was a silly game, but I was intrigued as to its purpose.
"Is that the best you can manage? Give yourself more room, move further back, and try again."
This time, it worked, and with great concentration I managed to hold the pen in place. Sylvia began to count the thirty seconds. Her voice was unusually husky and her tone velvety. It conveyed a sense of suspense and intrigue. I saw her hands rise in front of her in the gloom "... eight, nine, ten, eleven..."
My eyes followed her fingers as they reached her blouse. She began to undo the buttons from the top. "...seventeen, eighteen, nineteen, twenty..."
Once I had set aside my disbelief at what I assumed my eyes were seeing, my heart leapt. Watching her unbuttoning that blouse was the sexiest experience of my life to that point. My heart began to pound with excited anticipation. She didn't need to part the two sides of her blouse; with half the buttons undone they were pushed apart by the lateral pressure of her bra-clad breasts bursting through the opportune gap. It exposed the most perfect cleavage imaginable. The faintness of the reflected light rendered the details of what confronted me indistinct, but I had no doubts about the quality of what she was showing me. I had dreamt of chance moments like this. I sat upright in my chair, in surprised and eager anticipation. The pen fell from my upper lip, slipped between my parted knees, and rolled under my table.
Just what she had wanted.
She stopped counting and murmured suggestively, "Oops. You should pick it up."
I looked down at the floor at my feet. It was in darkness. I couldn't see anything there or under the table. Had she schemed for that to happen? She must have known that a rolled steel Parker ballpoint pen could not be retained for long within the upper lip.
"You'll have to get down on your hands and knees and feel for it," she intoned, in purringly suggestive tones.
My body trembled with absolute arousal at the erotic undertones in her seductive voice. I'd have to get under the desk, closer to her legs.
"Are you too high and mighty to get down on your knees?"
She was taunting me.
Our unseen early morning cleaners whom we never encountered, did a thorough job every morning, and the drawer units and chairs were on rollers, so there would be little in the way of dust under the table. The floor was clean. What had I got to lose?
I sighed and slipped off my chair, onto my suit-trousered knees. I peered under the table helplessly.
"Have you found it?"
"No, it's pitch black under here."
"Hm, maybe I can help you."
A blinding light suddenly flooded the area under the tables. The table legs were slim columns of brushed steel, creating a vast, open, airy space beneath them. I crouched on my hands and knees; my head bowed; my eyes raised almost into my upper eyelids to peer forwards. As they accustomed themselves to the light, I realised that it came from a torch, bathing the area under both desks with a dazzlingly bright glow. I saw the steel barrel of the Parker pen, which had ended up two thirds of the way across the floor towards her desk.
"Found it."
In response, the torch began to dip. As I watched, it swung down before me, then rotated in a slow, teasing arc until it was pointing towards Sylvia's knees from one side. I crawled awkwardly towards those knees, spellbound. As I reached them, they parted slowly, until they came to a halt as far apart as her skirt would allow. Her nether reaches were in shadow. Was she really wearing those shorts? I couldn't see into the dark recesses of her crotch. Now that I was under her desk, I was driven to investigate further. Rising excitement had raised my blood pressure. My body shuddered with the percussive impacts of my heartbeat's imperative.
She had upped the stakes with a neat trick. My attention focused intently on the darkest shadow, between her parted thighs.
I moved forward on my hands and knees, determined to discover the truth. Those shorts would prove a victory, her panties an even greater success. My hand grabbed the Parker pen. It pressed against my right palm as I clutched it. First objective achieved I set my sights on that mysteriously dark valley under her skirt hem. I thoughtlessly tried to raise my head. It banged on the underside of the table top. The torchlight was summarily extinguished. I tried to straighten up and bumped my head again. It sounded like a thunderclap in the otherwise total silence.
I heard Sylvia laugh, a muffled sound from somewhere outside my dark, enclosed world.
"Found it," I exclaimed. Her laugh was stilled. The torch light shone again. Her voice became compelling, purring with a self-satisfied character.
"What else can you see?"
"I can see your knees, but not much else. The torch is pointing at an angle. The skirt is causing a shadow."
"Hmm."
Her knees clamped together, gripping the torch between them with its beam pointing downwards. There was a muffled but distinct sound, of a zip being undone. Her fingers appeared at the hem of her skirt under the desk, barely illuminated by the torch's stray ambient light. It was like being in a theatre with a single spotlight focused on a very small area of stage.
Her knees unbent a little. I guessed from what came next that she was leaning her weight forward against the desk above me to lift her bottom from the chair seat. Her hands tugged her skirt up her thighs until it was bunched near the top of her hips. It was a bizarre sight in otherwise blackness.
Her hand appeared again and seized the torch from her closed knees. Relieved of their torch-bearing responsibilities, they parted, as wide as they could stretch.
Her disembodied voice came from offstage.
"Can you see better now? So, was I telling the truth?"
The torch angled up slowly, to point now directly between her knees.
I could now see everything, and I was closer to it than I had realised.
"No, you were not. You aren't wearing shorts as you claimed. You misled me Sylvia."
"But it encouraged you to stare up my skirt. Did you really think that I'd planned this?" her disembodied voice purred. "Do you think I'm that much of a slut to sit all day in sexy hot pants, just to entice you? - Don't answer that. So whatcanyou see?"
"The inner sides of your lovely, firm thighs - and - your luscious vaginal lips. Your pussy's glistening with moisture in the torchlight."
"Correction: what you can see is myvulva. Do you like what you see?"
I was feeling sheepish, kneeling in my suit trousers, under the desk with my head bowed forward and my eyes tilted up in their sockets to stare between her thighs by torchlight. It was an uncomfortable position and my heart was pounding - but with mixed feelings, of arousal and fear; an entirely rational fear of us being caught. If anyone were to enter the office now, to discover it in darkness and Sylvia sitting at the desk with her blouse unbuttoned, questions would inevitably be asked. My uncleared table would indicate that I had not yet gone home. Were I somehow to be discovered under the desk, the questioning would become more intense.
I shuffled backwards on my knees, back from under my table, my head bowed. I collided with my chair then clambered up onto my feet. The racket I made seemed deafening in that darkness.
The faint glow of the torch under the table was extinguished. The room fell again into relative darkness.
"To answer your question, yes, it was an extremely arousing surprise. But there might have been just enough stray glow from your torch escaping from under the desk to show through the windows. That might have attracted the attention of someone in one of the windows opposite. Who, in an unlit office in this building, would be using a torch?"
She groaned softly at the realisation of her folly.
I tried to speak calmly, not to embarrass her.
"That was a fantastically risky thing to do. I thoroughly enjoyed it, though. Your pussy looked fantastic by torchlight. But I think we've risked enough here now. It's time I went home."
How deflated she must have felt at those words! I had to reassure her somehow, that I was grateful nevertheless for her superb tease. I collected my briefcase and jacket, trying not to hurry, and I walked round the block of tables towards the door. I paused behind her back. She sat immobile, facing forwards. I felt her body radiating with shame, perhaps even dejection at being rejected after her teasing. I laid my briefcase flat on the desk beside her.
"Look, Sylvia, that was a very neat idea, just executed in the wrong place."
I laid my hands gently on her shoulders to try and comfort her. Her body tensed at first, then it relaxed as I held them there. I found that I didn't want to remove them. Simply touching her body was continuing to excite me.
My resolve melted away. I could feel her thin bra straps. I imagined what her bra-encased, rounded breasts might look like. Was she willing me to touch her some more?
She turned her head to look up at me. I could see it in the soft light from the window. One of her hands rested on top of one of mine, relief on her face, the relief of my continued engagement.
Permission to continue.
My hands took on a life of their own. They slipped either side of her neck, down into her cleavage, my palms pushing the sides of her blouse apart. I felt more buttons pop under the strain. I had both her breasts cupped in my hands. They felt large, firm and magnificent in the faint light. Contact with her warm flesh sent mini electrical charges shooting up my arm and through my torso. Her skin was silky smooth to the touch and her nipples were as hard as bullets. My belly and my cock tingled.
I whispered softly in her ear, "Now that's something well worth exploring, in another place."
I wanted to pull away and leave, but I could not resist a more lingering touch of those alluring breasts. Her nipples seemed to shift as my fingers drifted over them, perhaps stiffening at my touch. That thrilled my senses all the more. My cock was pointing forwards stiffly in my trousers.
She leant against her chair backrest and, with her feet, pushed the chair back from her desk on its castors, until it reached the officer door. Nobody could open it now.
She reached for my crotch. She found it and squeezed its rigid hardness, whispering, "I'm so pleased thatheapproves."
Her head was tilted back, her face looking upwards at mine. My brain screamedstop this.But instead, I lowered my face and kissed her full on the lips. They parted. Sensory pandemonium broke out in my belly and nether regions. It was followed by the sensation of my flies being unzipped. Matters were getting seriously out of hand. I felt her fingers explore inside and find the edge of my underpants. I froze, rigid with astonishment at her audacity. Her hand found my cock and tugged it out. It instantly lengthened. It could not now be pushed back into my trousers even if I wanted to.
Hot, wet pressure surrounded it, which I could only assume in the dark to be her mouth engulfing my cock. That was a first for me. My wife had never done that, and I had never asked her to. I didn't even know whether or not I would enjoy it. Well, I would find out now.
Her mouth squeezed its way along my shaft several times, then withdrew almost to the tip. Her hand jerked its way up firmly and down my cock shaft at a brisk pace. Yet another shock to my system, and this time I imagined shooting stars in the dark. Sylvia was performing a full-frontal assault on my cock with a frenzy that was both uncomfortable and arousing in equal measure. I removed one hand reluctantly from inside her bra to give her arm more room to roger my cock.
The darkness amplified the sensations. Her proficiency suggested that this was not her first time. My sap was rising. I felt my spermal forces gathering. I was helpless in the face of this physical onslaught on my manhood. I could only succumb to her talented fist and mouth and relinquish my control over my gonads. They immediately responded to her hormonal stimulation. That set me off on a steep climb towards an orgasm. I moaned as a warning of my impending climax, and she forced the end of it into her mouth and sucked on it enthusiastically.
My assistant, with whom up to a few days before I had barely flirted, was delivering me a humungous orgasm in the dark, in our office, and with her hand and mouth. Then I came. The blast of jizz took her by surprise and she gagged on its sheer volume. But she coped valiantly, and I felt her gulps, like super suction on my shaft, swallowing down my man sauce.
That blow job felt like all my energy was being sucked out of my body. I gasped loudly and had to put my hands on her shoulders to steady myself. Her mouth continued to suck, though more gently then, to capture the last errant residual spermies as they made their belated bid for freedom.
My mind was filled with a feeling of intense gratitude. I gripped her hands and pulled her to her feet. My hands went to her waist and from there to her uncovered bottom under the rucked-up skirt. My sticky, shrinking cock pushed between her exposed thighs. I hugged her. She kissed me, smirking noisily and releasing her sperm-scented breath into my mouth. It seemed a deliciously naughty and obscene response.
I wondered afterwards why she had been content to bring me and not demand reciprocity. The answer when it finally came some time later, astounded me. But for the moment, I was left feeling very lucky and sheepish at my good fortune.
I gently pulled her skirt down to re-cover her bottom. "Thank you, Sylvia. How can I ever repay you for that astonishing act?"
She nuzzled my neck. "I'll think of a way."

~*~*~

As I drove home, I ran through in my mind the highlights of that sexy encounter in the dark. We had taken a big risk, and got away with it. My cock ached with soreness from her brusque sucking, but it stiffened again as a kaleidoscope of that sexy bottom in tight shorts, images of her naked torchlit pussy, and those gun barrel nipples, all assailed my mind.
My body was once more aflame with arousal. I fancied her, but could I love her?
Never mind the face...
The arousal effect stayed with me that evening. Ellie was surprised by the fulsome ferocity of my love-making that night. She could not resist my advances. But it was Sylvia who had inspired my passion, and it was her body I imagined fucking in my fantasy.