We picked up our clothes and she led me by the hand into the house. When we went into her room, we immediately started kissing. I couldn't keep my hands off of her body. I couldn't get enough holding, hugging, caressing, squeezing, feeling, rubbing, and then she laid down on her bed and spread her legs. I climbed on top and kissed her deeply. Her lips tasted sweet and they were so soft and wet.
With those lips, she whispered into my ear, "I want you inside me, now."
I was starting to sweat in anticipation. Her pussy was so wet and inviting. I knealt on the bed and used my hand to guide my dick towards her clit. I could see the moisture and her pussy lips open and ready for me to enter. I used the head of my dick to massage her clit and it made her moan with pleasure.
I said, "Tell me what you want, Brooke."
She responded in a moan and a whisper, "I want your cock inside me, put it in, stop teasing me."
I slowly slid the head of my cock inside. Her pussy wrapped around me and pulled me inside. It was warm and heavenly. She let out a little moan of pleasure as I slid in deeper and deeper. I looked down at her face. She was gorgeous. Her eyes were closed and she was licking those beautiful lips as I slid in and out of her with greater speed and ease. Suddenly, she opened her eyes and our eyes locked.
Using her fingernails, she scratched my back and said with a smile, "How hard can you fuck me?"
"Pretty hard, do you like it rough, Brooke?" I questioned.
"I want it rough right now, maybe softer later." Brooke said.
I followed her instructions. After all, I had always been told I was good at following directions. I grabbed her ass with my hands and began fucking her with all of my power and force. I was driving up and down, pounding my dick ever deeper into her pussy. She was moaning so loudly, I began to get nervous someone would hear.
As I started to let up, she put her hands on my ass and pulled me into her, and began shouting, "Harder, harder, harder, I'm going to cum."
I pounded her while she squeezed her nipples with her fingers. She gave out a long moan and her body quivered as she came on my cock. I could feel her pussy squeezing my dick, and it was difficult not to let go of my load inside her. I didn't want this to end.
"I want you to fuck me from behind now," Brooke said, quickly turning around and sitting on the bed on her knees. "But when you do, can you spank me and pull my hair? I want to be a dirty girl for you, Everett."
In my mind, I was thinking I had never even met a girl as wild as this, but I had to maintain my cool. Landing a girl this amazing didn't happen every day. I had to keep the intensity going. In my most confident voice, I said, "Sounds good, I love fucking girls that way."
She laughed as I climbed behind her. I slapped her ass gently and she moaned and said, "Harder! And pull my hair when you fuck me!"
I slapped her ass and pulled her hair, I noticed as I did so, she arched her ass higher in the air, beckoning me to enter her pussy. She was still so wet, I slid right in. But that young, 18 year old pussy was so tight, it felt amazing. I began pounding her again, and she kept moaning. I continued to slap her ass and grab her tits while I kept fucking that tight pussy. I felt myself getting closer and did everything in my power to keep from cumming so early. As I was focused on this, Brooke did the most amazing thing. She reached between her legs and grabbed my balls while I slid in and out of her. That did it. The surprise and sheer pleasure that this gave me caused me to shoot a load deep into her pussy. I hadn't even had time to pull out. My orgasm felt like it lasted a whole minute, even though it couldn't have been more than ten seconds. When I pulled out, cum dripped down her thigh. We both laid on the bed next to each other, thoroughly exhausted.
"That was amazing," I said.
"Yes it was. Want to join me in the shower?" she responded. And I did.