After Sheryl left, I lay there, reclined on the first class seat until unconsciousness took me. Pleasant dreams of a beach in Bali overtook me. A tall topless Balinese woman with coconut-sized breasts and dark nipples on her deep golden skin danced before me, framed from behind by the sunset. Closer, she moved, until we were mere inches apart. She looked deeply into my eyes and placed her soft hands on my shoulders. She leaned in and began whispering in my ear, giving me goose bumps.
"Hey lover, you better have something left in that cock for me...."
My dream morphed into reality. I opened my eyes to find Jolie leaning over me with her hands on my shoulders, soft full lips brushing against my ear. I smiled a sleepy smile.
"I think I can fulfill your order," I said.
Thankfully, the cabin was dark, illuminated only by the emergency lights on the floor. Not a soul stirred in first class as I got up and followed her to the elevator. I took the elevator down to the crew room and she soon followed. She led me to a bunk and forced me down on my back. She sat down next to me on the bunk. She drew her hands down my chest, electrifying my nipples as her fingers passed over them. They came to rest on my thighs, framing my penis that was starting to stir.
"But you are not hard yet, no? Perhaps I can do something to help. Maybe you would like to see my body, to see me touch myself?"
Was that a real question or a rhetorical one?
I said, "I would like that very much."
She gave me a sultry look and stood up. She began swaying to a silent beat, slowly unbuttoning her blouse. Her bra clipped in the front, and she undid it as she continued unbuttoning her top. Once open, her hands slid up to her shoulders, where she shrugged the top off onto her upper arms. Her hands then slide down to her cleavage. Slowly, she pulled her shirt and bra apart, covering her breasts with her hands. She started cupping and squeezing them, massaging them in circles. Her hands dropped to her sides, revealing coconut sized breasts with dark aureoles, just like my dream. They sagged a little bit, but not in an unpleasant way. Her hands returned to her breasts, now paying more attention to her nipples. Looking at me with half-closed eyes, her voice got deeper.
"My breasts are so sensitive. It turns me on to show them to you. I'd bet you'd like to suck them, no?"
My mouth was watering as my dick hardened. What I wouldn't give to take them into my hands and mouth.
Her hands moved to her swaying hips and she unzipped the skirt from the side. She slowly turned around, facing away from me. She turned her head to the side to glance back at me and closed her eyes. Bending and arching her back slightly, she began sliding the skirt down her luscious rounded hips at an agonizingly slow pace. A garter belt, then a thong came into view. The cleavage of her ass appeared and I couldn't wait to see the rest of her backside. Bending over more, the skirt passed her hips down to her thighs. The thong disappeared deep into the crack of her ass. Oh, to bury my face in between those cheeks, something I knew would not happen.
The skirt fell to the floor and she turned to face me, eyes half closed, and I saw her pussy for the first time. A small triangle of fabric was all that covered it. I could see that it was already showing a dark spot of moisture. She continued swaying, rotating her hips, and she sighed. The white garter belt was a well-chosen contrast to her ebony skin. It held up a pair of stockings that were almost invisible, revealing underneath mouthwatering legs. was I could tell from how natural these movements came that this wasn't the first time she had stripped for someone. My breathing quickened.
"You've done this before, haven't you?" I asked.
"Yes. I like to show off my body. Mostly to women, but sometimes to a man like you."
I felt privileged to be granted that honor. She took the strings of the thong in her fingers and started to slide it down, revealing a triangle of trimmed pubic hair above two plump lips that were glistening with moisture. The thong dropped to the floor.
Jolie dropped to all fours, facing me, her breasts hanging down, begging to be sucked. Arching her back, I could see the humps of her two ass cheeks behind her head. Running her tongue over her lips, she gave me a look that said 'fuck me', then turned and got up on her knees, resting her elbows on the bunk across from mine. Spreading her legs slightly, she thrust her ass out, slowly gyrating. She looked back over her shoulder and passed a hand between her legs from below. She slid two fingers between her dark labia and spread them, revealing a large dripping pink clit and a small vaginal opening that needed to be filled. She shuddered and moaned as her fingers massaged her clit and slid in and out of her cunt. Her aroma filled the room. By now, I was rock hard and ready.
"Oh, this feels so good," Jolie moaned. "Are you ready yet?" she asked.
Before I could answer, she removed her hand and reached back over her hips, sliding her soaked fingers in-between the cheeks of her ass, sliding down and rubbing across her rosebud. She massaged it in circles. Then, placing the tip of her middle finger against it, she pushed. The muscle relaxed and she slowly slid inside, all the way down to her hand.
"Ahhhhh..." she sighed. She started stroking her finger in and out, then added a second one.
"Ooooohh! Or perhaps you are thinking about this, no? I'll bet you wish this was your cock. Your hard cock inside my tight, warm assssssss...."
She was right about that! But she had other needs, and I was more than ready to fulfill them. I got up and moved in behind her.
"I've been ready to fuck you since you showed me your tits."
She removed her fingers and turned to me. Twisting me around, she pushed and we fell onto her bunk together, her on top of me. Her large breasts pancake out against my chest, and I could feel her hard nipples pressing into me.
Looking deep into my eyes, she said, "No, you are mistaken. It is I who will be fucking YOU!"
With that she sat up, straddling my thighs. She took a condom from her jacket and slid it down my penis. She rubbed her sopping pussy up and down my cock, coating it with her aromatic juices. We both moaned at her efforts. Raising up, she took my cock in her hand.
She stroked it a few times and said, "My, but you are so big. I don't know if it will fit in my little place. But we will not know unless we try."
She rubbed the mushroom head against her clit, causing both of us to shudder and gasp. She then slid it further back, between her lips and pressed it against her opening. She slowly pushed down and the muscle gave way, allowing me to slowly slide inside her. I could not help myself, the sensation of that warm velvety slick tunnel made me arch my back, forcing me up inside her. She yelped, which turned into a wail. She grunted as I bottomed out, her thighs tight against mine.
"Uhhhhnnnn!!!" she cried.
I felt her cervix against the tip of my cock, and was surprised when it gave way, allowing the head to poke in slightly. I was more surprised when she convulsed and gasped when it did so, almost like a mini orgasm. I know that the cervix is sensitive and most women find it painful if pressure is put on it. I am not overly large, so this was a new experience for me.
She began a rhythmic journey, sliding me in and out of her. Sitting upright, she closed her eyes as she gyrated. I slid my hands onto her thighs and held her by the hips as she moved. She did not object to me touching her, and kept up her lap dance on my cock. Her hands slid up her torso, and she alternated running them through her hair and down onto her breasts. She stuck a finger in her mouth and sucked on it, moaning in time with my thrusts into her. The sensation was heavenly, and I felt like I was on the verge of cumming every few moments. She began grinding on me harder and harder, intent on forcing the head of my cock through her cervix. She convulsed and spasmed on each thrust, her orgasm approaching. I reached up and cupped her bouncing breasts firmly in each hand. Using my thumbs, I strummed her nipples, causing her to squeal.
"Oh, oh, oh, oui, oui, yes, yes, just like that!" she cried.
I did my best to prolong my own orgasm, but it was getting harder and harder to hold off. Luckily, she came soon after, wailing and squealing. I felt her vagina contract around me and she gushed fluid out onto my thighs. I had never had a woman squirt with me before, and here was this gorgeous, self-proclaimed lesbian doing so because she was fucking me. Her energy sapped, she started to come down. She collapsed down on my chest and rested her head on my shoulder, still panting. I felt remnants of her spasming around my cock, causing it to throb. She felt it and jumped a little.
"Oooooooh. You are still hard, I see."
"Yes, and I'm not done with you yet!" I said as I continued to thrust into her. I wrapped my arms around her, holding her close.
"Mmmmmm... now it is your turn to fuck me, I think," she cooed.
As much as I wanted to bend her over the bed and take her, I was so close that I knew I wouldn't make it. I slid my hands down and grabbed her ass, using her cheeks as leverage as I fucked up into her. Jolie began groaning in time with my thrusts, the pitch of her voice getting higher, turning into wailing. Remembering how much she enjoyed fingering her own ass, I figured she might enjoy it if I did. I slid one hand between her glistening ass cleavage that provided some lubricant for my digits and found her starfish with my fingers. I pressed against it with my index finger, and she yelped as it easily gave way and I slid into her backdoor. Head still on my shoulder, she started grinding on me, breaths coming faster and deeper.
"Oh... oh... mon dieu... I am close again. More! More!"
I took that to mean another finger, which I slid in alongside the first one. Thrusting it deep inside her rectum, I could feel my cock through the thin membrane and I double fucked her. She writhed around on top of me, eyes squeezed tightly shut, mouth hanging open, gasping.
I could not hold back any longer. I arched my back and came, crying out and shooting inside the condom. She felt my cock spasming.
"Oh... oui... merde! I can feel you cumming... cumming. Encore! Encore! J'arrive!!"
My own orgasm triggered a second one for her and she gripped my neck and shoulders tight, squealing in ecstasy. We lay there, panting, sweating, coming down off our high.
As sleep was about to overtake us, I jumped. A soft wet tongue was cleaning off my balls and ran up the base of my cock to Jolie's pussy, causing her to yelp with a start. We looked down, Jolie still astride me, and moving up between her cheeks we saw dark hair, parted in the middle. Jolie shivered and moaned as the tongue that belonged to the person down below passed over her anal opening, swirling around it, then continued up between her cheeks until Gabriela's mischievous and sexy eyes appeared. We could see her tongue come up Jolie's generous rear cleavage and Gabriela smiled, licking her lips.
"Mmmmmm... you two taste so good together!"
To be continued...