Part 1 -- The challenge
It was that time of the evening again; late, just after ten, the time Laura would finally climb out of the pool and call it a day. Whenever she left the pool she appeared to glide rather than walk, like she was parading before an audience on a clothes show catwalk. But except for me there was no audience, and there were never any clothes; just two thin gold bands on her right wrist and a Rolex on her left. But that was how she was; five foot eight without any shoes; one hundred and thirty five pounds without any clothes, she had a body as tight, taut and toned as the strings of the finest guitar. Looking at her now it was difficult to believe her age; thirty seven in two day's time
She stretched right out, made herself comfortable on a low reclining chair, took a sip of wine from the glass by her seat. It was all part of the same ritual she went through every evening before bed; the swim, the glass of wine and finally the late night trim. She favored a landing strip no more than a centimeter wide, and last thing at night, as regular as clockwork, out would come the scissors, the small razor with the foam and bowl, and finally the trimmer with the grade one blade; she preferred something you saw rather than felt, something that would look little more than an overnight shadow.
The evening was like most others; quiet, relaxed, reflective. That is, it was until that question.
"Do you ever have fantasies Steven?" she asked
The question came right out of the blue. There had been no prior warning, no hints, and no background; just suddenly there it was, out in the open and up for discussion.
"Sometimes I guess; everybody must do occasionally." I replied
Laura had put the trimmer down and was now looking neat and cute, showing nothing more than the lightest growth of stubble. And that's when she started to tell me about a fantasy that had been playing around in her head for a while, about a game she dreamed of playing; a game of chance and consequence.
I was intrigued by what had brought it on, but she did not say. Maybe it was something she had seen in a film, read in a book; if it was, she was not letting on.
"There you are, it could not be simpler" she purred after she finished. "We give each other three fantasy challenges. We write them down, we read them, and then give each other five minutes to decide; if you don't like one of my challenges then you can rule it out, but if you do, then I get the right to rule out one of yours. If you want to rule out more than one, fine, but of course again I get to match you; with it so far?"
I nodded
"To pick a winner we simply each take a playing a card, highest number wins - - - then it's just a matter of the winner making one more decision; picking which challenge is to be carried out; simple huh"
It all seemed so simple, so easy, and so impossible to argue with
Laura sat up and turned to face me, smiled as she watched me take in the splendor of her body; the full firm breasts standing out unaided from her chest, the toned arms and legs; the firm and deliciously round butt.
"I know it's a little presumptuous," she simpered, knowing that now she had my fullest attention, "but I began thinking about how it might work. The wording of each challenge can't be too detailed" she said. "Otherwise, with six challenges, even if it was practicable, which I doubt, it would take an eternity to prepare. But if instead we go with just a reasonably detailed outline, then that should work out, after all, if the wording of the challenge is too vague it will simply get ruled out - - - what do you think?"
"Maybe."
"What do you mean maybe, I'm only putting a hypothesis to you?"
"Well okay, maybe it would work."
"You don't seem that keen"
"I'm open minded"
"So would you at least think about it?"
Again I nodded; she seemed to have it all worked out, like she had been thinking about it for quite a long time.
But I was intrigued, and detecting a slight twitch in my crotch, thought over what she had said
"Just one question" I said, "as each challenge will only be an outline, presumably the person who has to perform the challenge will have to wait a day or two before they are provided with full details?"
"Right, a day or two is probably a minimum; could be a week if a location is distant and the itinerary intricate."
For a moment we just relaxed in our own space; then she slowly lowered herself down into her reclining chair again and turned her head toward me.
"So are you up for it?"
I looked her in the eye
"Why not," I said raising my glass
She returned my salute and our glasses briefly touched; "So when shall we play?"
"I'll let you decide."
She smiled
"Let's play tomorrow evening; bring your three challenges with you and I will have my own neatly typed out.
With that Laura emptied her glass of its few remaining drops and wished me good night.
I guess you would say we are a couple of our time; independent, focused, disciplined, driven, insular and largely disconnected socially from those around us. We live well; a house set in ten acres with five bedrooms and three bathrooms and, as our very own personal indulgencies, a games room (me); a pool (both) and a gym and sauna (mostly her). We live an hour's drive from Edinburgh, where she works as a senior commodities broker. I'm an ideas man, working mainly from home designing computer games. As you can probably guess, we both have trophy vehicles; no indulgence is too great for either of us as we search for the new "must have."
The next day, Laura had an early start; she needed to be in Edinburgh by eight for one of those fashionable breakfast business meetings. After ninety minutes in the gym, she had showered, dressed and had her usual breakfast of a slice of whole meal bread, a kiwi fruit and a glass of water, before my feet had even hit the bedroom floor
I showered, dressed and started to think about the previous evening, but nothing new came to mind; I had absolutely no clue what had brought it all on. I remained confused, intrigued but mostly strangely excited as to how her game would play out in the cold light of day
Three challenges, three levels of difficulty, that's how it would work I decided. Strange thing was, one of the challenges was already forming in my mind, brought about by a one off incident that had occurred the previous week.
That morning Laura had used my car to take her to work and I had taken her car in for a small routine replacement of a light bulb. Collecting it later, I got into conversation with Alan, one of the mechanics. After discussing the car, football and the weather, he went off at a tangent to talk about his niece. Apparently she was organising a party for her boyfriend's eighteenth birthday party and wanted to surprise him and their friends with a stripper. I think he told me all this, a relative stranger, simply because his niece had just been on the phone to him and it was on his mind. Anyway, the point of the story was that try as she might, she just could not get hold of a stripper for that particular evening.
Apparently she had taken him into her confidence because on one occasion she had seen him coming out of a strip club. When she brought it up, he quickly assured her it was a one off visit and he too would have no idea where to find a stripper at short notice.
The memory had me thinking though, and it wasn't long before I picked up the phone and called the garage.
"Wilson's Garage, George speaking, how can I help?"
"Hi George, Steve Harding, is Alan about?"
"Hang on, I'll get him"
The phone went dead for a few moments, and then I heard Alan's voice
"Alan here, nothing wrong with your wife's car I hope?"
"No it's fine. I'm phoning about that conversation we had the other day about your niece."
For a moment there was silence
"My niece huh - - - give me a clue, at the moment it's not registering?"
"She was looking for a stripper."
"Ah right, now I remember."
Did she find one?"
"No I think she gave up, tried everywhere; you would think in these tough times there would be plenty about, but apparently not; at least she couldn't find one."
"That's why I was phoning, I may be able to help"
"Really, shall I give her a ring, let her know; her name is Lisa by the way?"
"Yes by all means, if she is still interested get her to phone me, you have my number somewhere."
It was less than thirty minutes later that the phone rang and I heard a female voice on the other end
"Hallo Mr. Harding its Lisa, Alan passed on your message. I believe he has told you the story; it was just something to surprise Grant, my boyfriend, on his eighteenth. I keep looking but just can't find anybody, bit disappointing really, but Alan says you may be able to help."
"First of all call me Steve. Next, tell me what sort of person you looking for and what you expect from them - - - don't be shy, I'm an adult and I've seen my fair share of strippers; the good, the bad and the ugly."
I heard her giggle as only teenagers do.
"Well it's like this Mr - - - "
"Call me Steve"
"Sorry, well Steve as I was saying, it's like this. It's Grants eighteenth birthday on Saturday and I wanted to give him a real good surprise, you know something he would remember for a long time." She started to giggle again, "and maybe embarrass him just a tiny bit too."
She paused for a moment to collect her thoughts and focus her mind
"Since you asked, I guess I'm looking for someone that's young, good looking, and has a real fit body."
She sounded a little diffident, like she was finding it a bit embarrassing going through her mental checklist
"And I suppose, if it's possible, we would really like someone that will go all the way, you know, be naked at some point"
"That all sounds very reasonable," I replied, "and the person I'm thinking about ticks all those boxes, except possibly one; how young is young to a teenager Lisa"
"Never really thought about it - - - teens, early twenties I suppose."
"Lisa, this woman is thirty seven, but don't be put off. She looks great and has a body to die for - - - I know, I've seen it, and maybe, because she has a little bit of experience, she might even show you teenagers a new trick or two as well."
Again Lisa giggled, went silent for a few moments, then, in almost a whisper replied
"Do you think she would do it for us Steve?"
"I know she would Lisa; now give me the address and the time you want her there and leave everything else to me - - - oh and don't worry about payment, call it my treat."
"Wow thanks Mr. Smith - - - sorry, Steve,"
After she had given me details of the address and the time, I put down the phone, slumped into a chair and allowed a wide smirk to pass across my face. One down two to go. Thirty minutes later and I had the outline for the other two.
First challenge
Go to the main shopping mall in the centre of Perth. Wear a loose, sleeveless, low cut top, with no bra underneath; together with a cotton skirt to reach midway down your thigh and underneath a pair of silk panties. Order all these items from the Teenagers Party Gear website and show me the voucher. Proceed to the menswear department of one of the department stores -- I will decide which later. Take off your panties, roll them into a ball, and carry them in one hand back to the main concourse. There you will deposit them in the first trash bin you see. Return to the department store, go down to the basement and take the up escalator, right up to the top floor, so that, unless you are very careful, anyone who is interested can see the top of your legs. Then return to the menswear department and select a half a dozen pairs of men's briefs .Go to the men's changing room and ask the male assistant which one he likes best. When he has chosen, you will insist that before paying for them, he sees you in them to confirm that they suit you -- you can justify this bizarre behavior as you wish; I will be in the department to watch
Second challenge
You will go to Murphy's Bar by the docks in Edinburgh. Wear a sleeveless cotton top that will stop at your midriff, a mid thigh length leather skirt, and stilettos with three inch heels. There are several open nights coming up when they will be recruiting pole dancers and lap dancers -- I want you to go to one looking the part. I vaguely know the man recruiting and he will recognize you by what you are wearing and will make sure, that not only do you get to be a contestant, but he will also arrange the scores so that you get through to the evening's final -- I will be in the audience in support!
During the day my mind alternated between the three challenges, but I kept coming back to Lisa and the stripper; I knew this was the challenge I would choose. But I needed to find the right dress for Laura to wear. Finally I found what I was looking for; a website called Naughty Teenagers Party Wear. I slowly worked my way through the scanty clothes on offer, and then suddenly it was there in front of me; on a page of its own under the banner -- WOULD YOU DARE WHERE THIS DRESS.
Below, its special attractions were featured.
This halter neck dress, in fine silver silk thread, is for the girl with the courage of her convictions. It is made up of hundreds of small loops, each one produced from three strands of fine silk thread twisted around itself and knotted to the adjoining loop; each loop is a centimeter across. A small cotton pad in matching color is sewn into the bust of the dress to provide some support underneath the breasts and extends to around the nipples.
The dress is fixed from just below the shoulder blades to the bottom of the spine, by two sets of four eyelets and a row of hooks attached to the tapes on either side of the open back of the dress, the rows of eyelets being set two millimeters apart
The halter straps can be adjusted to arrive at the right height/amount of cleavage desired
The dress weighs only two ounces and can be folded and carried to and from a party in a small evening bag
The dress comes with a silk G String in matching silver color.
I had a partial erection simply looking at the model shown on the website, so incredibly bare was the dress, with the wearers nakedness barely concealed by the minimal G String and small under breast support which left most of her albeit small breasts fully on display.
There would be no argument; this was the dress Laura would wear.
I phoned the contact number shown and a young woman answered
"Lorraine, can I help?"
I told her about the garment that interested me.
"First of all" she said, "this dress is a limited edition and only made in a very limited size range. As you can see from the picture, I think it is fair to say that it leaves very little to the imagination, and for that reason, and at a price of £250, this dress is for a very discerning market. The demand for it comes from people who have money and are usually people who rely on their appearance for their livelihood," she did not specify who she had in mind, before adding, "and whose figures are nigh perfect. You can imagine that any surplus flesh will be readily apparent and that the tolerance in fitting is that between the two rows of eyes and hooks; two millimeters. I am telling you all this because we like our customers to fully understand the nature of our products. Who would you be purchasing the dress for Mr. Harding?" "A Friend."
"Is your friend an entertainer?"
"No."
"But you feel, to use the phrase on our website, that she will be able to "wear it with conviction." she paused for a moment. "She must have a wonderful figure Mr. Harding"
"She does."
"So you would like to proceed with the order?"
"Yes"
"Good. Now as I said at the beginning, we have a limited size range for this particular dress and the fitting measurements are more extensive and more precise than for, shall I say a normal day dress."
I provided all the details from memory; it was helpful that Laura had an obsession about her personal statistics and would often ask me to help measure her waist, hips, chest, ass, thighs and calves.
There was silence for a few moments while she checked my numbers against the specifications retained on her computer.
Then she was back to me. "Yes Mr. Harding, whilst those measurements are at the edge of our range, we can help you. The details you have provided indicate a slightly curvier figure than the typical teenager has; fuller breasts, more rounded ass, if you understand, frankly a figure more like that of a fully developed woman, yet obviously in great condition to be able to fit into the dress.
"Quite, so I can place an order?"
"Of course Mr. Harding, would you like delivery today by courier, I sense some urgency in your voice and the charge, bearing in mind the cost of the dress, is very modest?"
"You read my mind like a book Loraine."
And with that I completed my order.
The courier delivered the small package just after six in the evening and immediately I put it away at the bottom of my sock drawer.
It was just over an hour later, a little after seven, when I heard the crunch of Porsche tyres on gravel, then the echo of stilettos on stone slabs. The front door opened and I heard Laura call up that she was home.
We kissed briefly on the cheek, and while I finished preparing the evening meal, she changed into a short robe ready for the pool later.
Little was said over dinner. We spoke briefly about a business trip to South America she had coming up and that was about it. When she had finished eating, she slipped off her robe and made her way to the pool; no talk about any game to be played.
I decided to read while I waited to try and block out the images that kept entering my head; sexual images of Laura naked with teenagers their hands all over her body, her hands round their cocks. Thirty minutes passed, then forty five and still she was in the pool and still the images were filling my head. Just over an hour had passed when I heard the soft sound of her feet. As on the previous evening, she stretched out in the reclining chair, and filled her wine glass from the bottle in the chiller I had left by her chair. Then she picked up the razor and sprayed on some foam, before slowly shaving it away into a small bowl. Finally she took hold of the trimmer and started to neaten her strip. Then it was over, the job complete. She looked up, her face completely relaxed, not a care in the world. She smiled as she went to the robe lying over the back of her chair and fished a small piece of paper out of the right hand pocket.
"Do you have your list?" she asked
She moved to sit on the rug that lay in front of the hearth and as she lowered her body and sat with her legs pulled back underneath her, I joined her; we were no more than two feet apart
I took my list out from the pages of the book where it had been kept as a bookmark, and exchanged it for the list she was offering. Instead of immediately reading it, I watched her eyes skim over my list of challenges, then saw a small smile playing around the corners of her mouth when she let it fall on the rug.
The outline of her challenges was much briefer than mine, and because of that much vaguer. I skimmed the text and then also let her list fall to the carpet. Now I knew her challenges, now I had to decide whether to rule any out. Her eyes looked straight into mine, they held no clue, and her face gave nothing away.
Four minutes passed before the silence was broken
"One more minute then we have to decide" she said
Then she announced that time was up; that decision time had arrived, and that she wasn't ruling out any of my challenges. A small smiled played around the corners of her mouth as she spoke, she knew she was testing me; did I have the balls not to rule out any of her challenges. I knew the answer and she knew the answer; she had backed me into a corner, knew however apprehensive I might be about her challenges, that I would not want to appear a wimp.
"No same for me" I said, trying to inject a hint of bravado into my voice.
The small smile still continued to play around the corners of her mouth and her eyes still bore into me, but now they seemed to be brighter and dancing with light.
"So shall I get the cards?"
I nodded, my heart was racing.
I watched as she took the cards out of the packet
"Here they are" she said, "a new pack". She cut them in two and fanned them out in front of me. For a moment she just held them there, didn't say anything; just looked right at me.
"Sure you still want to go through with this?"
"Why not," I replied. I was trying with some difficulty to sound confident, offhand, but in the event only succeeded in sounding confrontational.
Her eyes widened as if in surprise
"Because this is it; if you take a card, then there is no going back. So are you sure?"
This time I simply nodded.
She extended the cards towards me and I selected a card from somewhere near the middle of the fan. At the same moment as she withdrew the cards and manipulated them back into a pack, I took a quick look at the card and put it face down in front of me.
She watched me closely
"How confident do you feel" she asked.
she folded up her right leg and bent her head forward so her chin was now rested on her knee.
The distance between us had halved; she had moved into my space. Her eyes were looking up at me, big, round, seemingly opaque. Consciously or unconsciously, and I was in no fit state to judge which, her thighs had parted slightly as she moved her body, and for some strange and perverse reason this focused my attention solely on her eyes and on what she had asked.
"Pretty confident" I replied
"How's that" she purred, "is it the card or something else?"
"Ah, that would be telling, except that a one in a million encounter happened last week which gave me an idea for one of the challenges."
"Really, so you are thinking that fate might be on your side."
This time it was my turn to smile
"Let's wait and see how the cards fall."
She too smiled and passed the cards over. I shuffled, cut and fanned them out in front of her.
"Widen the fan a little" she asked, her eyes moving over the cards, backwards and forwards, backwards and forward. Then she made her choice; a card from almost at the right end of the fan of cards as she looked at them. She looked at it, and then laid it face down in front of her.
"All done" she said
"Shall we turn over the cards?" I asked. My mouth felt dry and I could hardly hear the words I was saying.
She nodded and without further word we each turned over our card; slowly, synchronizing the movement, so that we would each know our fate at the exact same time.
Then it was over and I watched as the grin slowly crossed her face; watched as she picked up my list and slowly shredded it into a dozen pieces; watched as she rose to her feet, her nipples hard and erect from her moment of victory. She looked down at me, hands on her hips, legs slightly apart, head tilted back.
"What a pity there can only be one winner" she said, "but there it is, that's life" before adding as she turned away, "now I must get some sleep."
And then she was gone.
I looked at the two cards on the rug; at my eight of spades and her Queen of Hearts, then at her list of challenges. I tried to guess at what was behind the ambiguities, and which one she would choose, but everything seemed too vague, too many possible outcomes. I left them for a while and tried to get back into my book, but it didn't work, so I read the three challenges again.
You will go to a wood of my choosing and when you are there you will find your real self
You will join an arts group and assist them in developing their skills; including helping them discover new forms of modern art
You will make arrangements for me and a friend to spend a weekend away.
They all seemed innocent pursuits, but I sensed that the words I had read were merely the tips of three icebergs; a shiver ran through my body, a mixture of excitement on the one hand and apprehension, the fear of the unknown, on the other.
Then my cock went hard.
I heard her voice repeat my name several times, each time with an increasing irritation, which suggested, while in the shower, I had been oblivious to her calling.
"Coming" I shouted down the stairs
She sat at the kitchen table sipping a glass of water. In front of her were a half eaten kiwi fruit and half a slice of bread.
She looked up as I approached
"Steven, do you know a woman called Lisa?"
"Yes, vaguely" I mumbled.
"Well she has just been on the phone, talking about changing some time you had agreed with her. I told her you were in the shower; she said she would phone back. "
"Excellent" I said trying to sound cheerful
She looked at me as if she were weighing me up
"She also said something about you taking a woman to her house."
"Really, I wonder what she meant"
"I would think exactly what she said, that she wanted to change the time you were taking some woman to her house - - - Steven, you wouldn't be hiding anything from me would you?"
"Well - - - "
"Well what Steven."
"Well I think I had better explain"
She smiled
"Your best answer so far."
She waited while I collected my thoughts. The difficulty was that whilst Lisa hadn't mentioned anything about a party, and so there was no reason why Laura should connect it to the challenge, she had said sufficient to make Laura curious, and when Laura was curious she was like a dog with a bone. I decided to come clean and tell her the connection between the phone call and the challenge.
She listened impassively as I recounted the details
"Is that everything?"she asked
"Everything but a dress I bought, which I'm sure I can send back"
"Let me get this right, and do stop me if I'm getting anything wrong. You arrange with this lady that I will perform as a stripper at her friends' teenage party, for which purpose you have bought me a dress to wear. And you organize all this in the confident belief, now found to be misplaced, that you would win the game. Have I got it basically right?"
I nodded
"So when are you going to tell her it's not on?"
"As soon as you leave"
She was silent for a moment as she finished off the last piece of Kiwi fruit and drank the remainder of the water.
"Do you have the dress?"
I nodded
"Let me see it, I'm intrigued"
I fetched the dress, still in its packaging and placed it on the table in front of her. She picked it up and started to remove the outer packaging.
"Goodness Steven, it seems so small and light, what have you purchased?"
She removed all the packaging and held it up in front of her.
"Well, well Steven, I don't know whether to be horrified that you would even consider asking me to wear this in public, or flattered that it would occur to you, that at my age I could still get into a dress for teenagers"
"And look great." I added
She smiled. "Don't push your luck Steven; you're still in very hot water.
She paused to think
"So what do we do?" she said absentmindedly talking to herself. "Maybe we should go through with it after all; otherwise you will be letting Lisa down. What do you think?"
"Well Lisa will be very happy that's for sure."
She smiled
"And no doubt you also will be very happy and also relieved that you don't have to phone her and explain what you have been up to"
I nodded, trying to look suitably chastened.
"However," she went on, "my helping you out of a hole will come at a cost. Instead of doing just one of my challenges, you will now do two. I assume you have no problem with that?"
In my position you take what you can get
"No problem at all" I replied stoically
Laura got to her feet and announced she was leaving for work
As she closed the door she shouted back at me; "don't forget to speak to Lisa about the time,"
Then she was gone
It was evening and she had just slipped out of her robe ready for the pool
"Steven, be a dear" she called out; "can you organize a couple of full length mirrors. Time's running out; with the party on Saturday, I really need to check out the dress tonight."
Moments later she was in the water
By the time she returned I had wheeled two full length mirrors into place.
She slipped on the G String, then pulled the dress down over her head
"Can you help" she asked
I moved behind her and started fixing the hooks through the second row of eyelets.
"Stop" she ordered, "The dress is too tight. Can't you see it is puckering up?
I squinted, if there were any puckering it was hardly visible
"Try the first row"
I now threaded the hooks through the first row of eyelets and moved around to the front to lift the halter neck tapes into place. The tapes could be adjusted on three settings, and after some trial and error she decided that she was content with the second setting
Now she was dressed. If I was excited by the picture of the model in the internet advert of the dress, then the vision in front of me of Laura in the dress was on a completely different level.
"So what do you think; does your cock say it all?" she said, smiling at the bulge in my trousers.
"Quite amazing, how does it feel?"
"The weight is extraordinary; it's as if you are wearing nothing". She giggled for a moment at the thought of what she had said. "And the fit, well the fit is perfect"
As I had anticipated her breasts, both from the front, with its low cut, and the side, with the exception of the small areas around her nipples, were totally exposed. Again as I had anticipated, the bottom edge of the dress extended to maybe two or three inches below her butt.
"You just wouldn't believe it" she said, observing herself in the mirrors. "It's like wearing a second skin"
I could see what she meant, not only were there no gaps between her skin and the dress, but the dress sat perfectly; no bulges, no puckering or stretching of the material. It was indeed the perfect fit
For the next twenty minutes she moved slowly between the mirrors; one in front of her one behind, all the while checking from every angle; the look when she was seated; when she was moving; walking, stretching, squatting. It seemed like every possible permutation of position had been explored, before finally she finished.
She climbed into bed; her heart racing, adrenaline flowing, she was as horny as a cat on a hot tin roof. Ten minutes later and she had masturbated herself to sleep.
"Are you ready" I called out, "it's gone nine, if you want to arrive on time we should be leaving."
"Coming" she called out
She descended the stairs wearing a knee length linen skirt and sleeveless cotton blouse, and carrying over her arm, a matching linen jacket. Everything was in matching neutral colors. Along with modest high heeled shoes, she was suitably dressed as a thirty seven year old; you could have described the outfit as classic, it was one of those outfits you could equally wear to work, she possibly had. Fact is you could wear it anywhere and feel comfortable, and that feeling of reassuring, simple, comfort was what she needed.
As we left she slipped on her jacket and picked up her hand bag. We were on our way; her night's adventure had started.
She spoke little during the fifty minute journey, just the odd word in reply to conversations I had started on the weather, films on at the cinema, that sort of thing; just silence fillers really. Eventually as each topic quickly faded, the conversation would descend into ever longer periods of silence, and then permanent silence, as I finally gave up on my attempts. I sensed that her mind was somewhere else.
"Two or three minutes and we should be there" I said, half turning toward her as I spoke
She was looking straight ahead, her face expressionless, her hands clasped tightly together on her lap, her feet crossed. I imagined her heart would be beating ten to the dozen, that the adrenaline would be flowing, that her body would be sweating freely. In five minute I would be leaving her for two hours, two hours with strangers half her age.She was about to experience the fear of the unknown.
I kissed her briefly on the cheek, the parting had to be quick, no advantage in lingering. For a brief moment a flash of fear crossed her face and then it was gone. I watched her enter the small terraced house and then I drove slowly away. Ahead of me were two hours to quietly reflect and, aided by a disciplined amount of alcohol, to think more about my challenges still to come.
"I'm Lisa, come in, you must be Laura"
Laura nodded, smiled, and looked around. Ahead was a small hallway, and through the glass door at the end she could see into the Kitchen beyond. To her right, a half open door opened on to what must have been a lounge, from where she could hear the loud sound of young people talking
Lisa held out her arm; "Laura, come and meet those here so far."
Laura followed Lisa into the room. Other than three or four bean bags dotted randomly around, the rest of the furniture had been stacked against an end wall. There were maybe a dozen young people in two small groups, engrossed in conversation. Laura guessed they would be around eighteen, nineteen, that sort of age. They mainly wore jeans and tee shirts, with the faces of pop stars on the front (boys) or suggestive words across the chest (girls)
"This is Laura" said Lisa pointing to her new acquaintance, "she's come round to give us a hand."
They looked up, raised a hand briefly in acknowledgement as she moved through, then went straight back to what they had been talking about a split second earlier. Fact is, a woman, who in that brief moment when they see her, is wearing a linen suit, and could potentially have been one of their parents, was never going to generate a second glance.
Lisa and Laura walked through a door at the end of the room into the kitchen, where a girl was making sandwiches.
Lisa picked up a sandwich and took a bite.
"Alex this is Laura; she's come to give a hand"
After the briefest of chats, Alex needed little encouragement to give way on sandwich making to Lisa's new friend.
Now Laura and Lisa were on their own for the first time.
They climbed onto high stools, one on each side of a breakfast bar so they were looking at each other. Their faces no more than a couple of feet apart.
For the first time since she had arrived, Laura got to take a real look at Lisa. She was dressed much like the others she had seen in the lounge; plain black tee shirt, black jeans, white trainers. She also had the same sort of look as the others, a teenager look I guess; short hair, no makeup, slim body, little butt, small perky breasts.
"So is this where you live?" asked Laura
Lisa nodded."Yes, with my parents, they've gone away for the weekend, hence the party."
"So have you promised to be a good girl while they are away?"
A small smile played around the corners of Lisa's mouth, "Something like that - - - tell me Laura, are you sure you are still up for this?
Laura felt herself blush slightly
"I suppose I wouldn't be being honest if I didn't admit to having a few butterflies. But I'm sure if I have a stiff drink just beforehand I'll be fine."
Lisa pushed her arms forward on the breakfast bar and held her heads in her hands, her face no more than a foot from Laura's.
"Are you definitely sure you still want to go ahead Laura- - - look, we're the only ones who know about this, if you want to pull out, I certainly won't hold it against you"
For a moment Laura was silent. Then she leaned forward and looked right into Lisa's eyes.
"No, you can't just pull out because of a few butterflies, that's being weak."
Both of them then leaned back in their chairs, crossed their arms and at the same moment crossed their feet
A broad smile crossed Lisa's face. "Good, I can't wait - - - by the way, where is your outfit"
Laura tapped her handbag, ""In here"
"Really, it must be very- - - how can I put it - - shall I say, discreet?"
"Let's say, very discreet and", Laura smiled, "let's leave it at that."
While they worked on preparing the sandwiches, Lisa told Laura how she had just started at university and was looking to get into something to do with human biology.
Then she sighed. "But my parents' finances are tight, so maybe it will be a struggle to make it to the end of the course."
Laura said she hoped everything would work out.
She had immediately taken to the teenager; there was something about her that she could not put her finger on, something enigmatic, and something that made her seem older than her years.
From time to time the doorbell would ring and newcomers would arrive; time was moving on and increasingly Lisa was checking her watch.
Finally she looked across at Laura. "Now that virtually everyone has arrived, we ought to be thinking about getting started. How do you feel?"
"Okay"
"Fancy a shot of something first?"
Laura nodded and Lisa opened one of the kitchen cupboards, "help yourself" she said.
Laura poured herself a glass of brandy and swallowed it down in one long swallow. "Okay, where do I go to change?"
"Follow me."
She followed Lisa up the stairs and to a small single bedroom. The room contained just a single mattress in the corner of the room, a small stool and a full length mirror
"Harry's room for latter on" Lisa explained, "till then we can use it. Do you need anything?"
"Just a hand doing up the dress."
"No problem, you get started and I'll be back in five minutes."
As soon as she heard Lisa's feet descending the chairs, she closed the bedroom door and pulled the curtains. Then she started to undress, folding the clothes as she took them off and piling them unto the stool.
Now she was ready to redress; she opened her handbag, took out the package and extracted the dress and G String; the last thing she wanted now was Lisa returning and finding her stark naked. She swiftly slipped on the G-string and pulled the dress on over her head. She had done as much as she could; now she had to wait for Lisa.
It was barely a couple of minutes later when she heard a quiet knock on the door, followed by Lisa's smiling face then whole body sliding around the half open door.
As soon as she saw the dress, Lisa let out a low, muted whistle, followed by" wow", "crikey" and "amazing" in that order.
Before finally adding; "that's some dress Laura"
For the second time that evening Laura blushed, this time deeply
"How can I help?"
"It's the hooks at the back, can you see, they do up on the first row"
"Yes, gotcha"
Lisa quickly secured the hooks and stepped back to admire
"Laura, though I can only see a partial reflection in the mirror, and with my own eyes only from behind, I can see more than enough to say you look absolutely amazing - - - but can I try something?"
Laura turned half towards her, a look of slight suspicion on her face
"Is something wrong?"
"Of course not, you look great, but there's something I would like to try."
Lisa moved the stool directly in front of the mirror
"If you can kneel on the stool I will show you what I mean"
Laura moved over and knelt on the stool. Lisa took hold of the halter straps and adjusted the length to the third setting. Next she changed the hooks from those in the first to those in the second row.
She stood back and admired the alteration. The effect had been to minimally lower the dress and lift her breasts slightly, so that now from the front, Laura's breasts appeared fuller and virtually fully exposed.
Lisa smiled, what had been hot had now become hotter.
"That's better isn't it?" said Lisa
Laura looked long and hard, and then nodded acknowledging what Lisa had achieved
"But the dress feels slightly tighter than it did before; it's not puckering is it?"
Lisa stood back for a second time and carefully examined the way the dress hung. "No, looks fine Laura; I think changing to the third setting made all the difference." She smiled and gently squeezed the older woman's shoulders, "I think maybe it's now time to go and meet the people" She took hold of Laura's hand, squeezed it gently, then said quietly in her ear, "follow me"
They walked slowly out of the room, slowly across the landing, and then slowly down the stairs; the teenager and the thirty seven year old woman. They crossed the empty hallway and stopped by the closed lounge door.
Lisa turned and looked into Laura's eyes; she held her gaze for a while, then, in a whisper asked, "Laura, are you ready?"
For a moment there was no response, as if Laura were in some kind of self induced trance, and then, slowly, very slowly, she nodded her head, and, in that same moment, Lisa's hand started to slowly turn the door knob, to ease the door open.
Ahead of them as they entered the room, were groups of young, exuberant, teenagers. The room reverberated with sound; raised voices competing on unequal terms with the relentless beat of the music. They stood side by side, the teenager and the older woman. Lisa held tightly onto Laura's hand, and she squeezed it hard when, as if a switch had been thrown, the sound of voices suddenly abated and the groups nearer to them seemed to dissolve and reassemble elsewhere.
It never ceases to surprise how quickly a message can get conveyed; the furtive glance, the hushed whisper, where each glance and whisper is instantly doubled and then quadrupled. In no time everyone knows the source of that glance that whisper. One pair of eyes follows another, hunts down the prey, makes some judgment.
Laura lowered her head and looked around at the jeans and the trainers, then down at her own bare feet and bare legs. She sensed that she blushed, but that the blush had in some way extended beyond her face, had passed through her body and found its way into the deepest part of her cunt. Hardly had that sensation lifted then a cold shiver went through her, a shiver derived from a fear of the unknown and with it the possible effect of rejection, loss of ego and pride
Lisa squeezed her hand, a trigger that had its effect; they were moving, still hand in hand, towards the centre of the room. The loud music that had filled the room suddenly stopped and was replaced, moments later by music that was quieter, smoother, more sensuous, somehow of a different time. The lights were dimmed and the bean bags moved
They moved easily together, had some sort of similar inbuilt rhythm; instinct I guess. They danced around the room; sometimes together, sometimes apart. Sometimes the music was fast sometimes it was slow. As they reached the door by the kitchen, Lisa slipped inside for a moment. She picked up two drinks she had poured out earlier; an orange juice for her and another brandy for Laura. They stopped dancing for a while, just kept their butts moving slowly to the sound of the music
This time the brandy was a double shot; Lisa said she deserved it, Laura said she needed it, either way it went down in one long swallow. They talked for a while about nothing too much, and then started to dance again. Now they were close; breast against breast; thigh against thigh, cheek against cheek, the mood and the alcohol were setting the tone.
"Can you see the clock on the wall Laura?"
"You mean the one on the far wall?"
Lisa nodded, "yes that one. What time does it show?"
"Just before eleven - - - five minutes to"
"That late huh, time really is moving on. I guess we need to be thinking about it getting it done"
Lisa must have seen the puzzled look on Laura's face and read her thoughts; what does she mean getting it done, because then Lisa said, "Getting you stripped off of course, you hadn't forgotten had you?"
In all Laura's concern about the dress and its bareness, the ultimate indignity of being naked with the teenagers had been right at the back of her mind, suddenly it had arrived right at the front.
They talked as they moved together in close and perfect unison, at times their bodies seemingly almost one
"Do you want me to strip you?" whispered Lisa
"How do you mean"
"Well you can hardly manage it yourself, but if you would like someone else to undress you then I'm sure any of the lads would be very willing but ----."
"Would you do it please Lisa?"
"Of course I will" purred a smiling Lisa
They danced close together, Laura's hands on Lisa's shoulder and arm; Lisa's hands now both just under Laura's dress, gently caressing her butt.
For a while they danced in silence, then Lisa whispered, "I'm going to start," and she slipped quietly and effortlessly around to behind Laura. She wrapped her arms around the older woman, nuzzling her neck with her lips, just holding her quietly, sensing her deep breathing, the slight trembling of her body. "Don't be nervous, soon it will be over," she whispered, "and then you will feel a great release of tension and a wonderful sense of freedom, I know because I once stripped at a party."
Laura felt one of the arms previously wrapped around her being removed, then moments later sensed her shoulder straps falling away, then fingers manipulating the tiny hooks at the back of her dress. As each hook was undone, she felt the front of the dress fall, then fall further with the release of each further hook, until eventually it was only held up by the one arm still wrapped low around her waist. Her breasts were now fully exposed and she could already feel her nipples hardening. She closed her eyes, she didn't need to see to know that all talk had virtually dried up, and where it continued, was hushed and muted. She also knew beyond a single shadow of doubt, that every eye was focused on her, and on her body.
Then she heard Lisa tell her to raise her arms, and as she did so, felt the dress being lifted up and over her head. Then it had gone and both arms were wrapped tightly around her once more. Lisa hands trailed over her bare stomach and the denim of her jeans rubbed gently against the bare skin of her butt. She thrilled at the warmth of Lisa's tongue on the nape of her neck as their bodies swayed gently from side to side.
They barely moved from the spot in the middle of the room, did little more than shuffle around in a tight circle. There was no great lateral movement of their bodies either; the movement there was nothing much greater than mere evidence of movement.
Laura felt she was moving into another zone, another place, another world, where everything was filled and controlled by the senses. She felt Lisa unwrap her arms from around her then shivered as she felt the teenager's hands slip down the side of her hips, sensed her fingers playing with the sides of her G String, then felt her mouth by her ear.
"How do you feel, very nervous or just a little nervous?"She whispered
Without being able to see Lisa, she could still see the teenager in her mind's eye, could see the small, enigmatic smile playing around her lips
"Very, very nervous" whispered Laura
"Goodness, that is nervous, and I notice you're breathing is heavy too."
Then, at that exact moment, and just for a split second in time, Lisa froze; she felt the G String moving down each side of her hip, slowly, very slowly, almost to the point of no return, only for it to then stop and return just as slowly to its original position. She heard the quietest of laughter tinkling in her ear, felt the gentlest of kisses on her neck, then another, long and more intense kiss, higher on her neck, one which would, as intended, mark her for the next four days.
"Do you feel horny?
"Just nervous" she lied
"Really, that's not what your tits are saying"
Immediately Laura felt a finger on each nipple; no more than the lightest of touches, nothing more than a graze. Then they were gone, returned to the G String from where they had come. But because they had been laid there long enough, and with such sureness of touch, and with the awareness only another woman would know, it was inevitable that Laura's nipples would be rock hard and that she would let out a moan, which would cause small titters of mirth.
"That will teach you not to be a fibber next time" said the voice right by her ear. "I will freely admit I'm horny - - - do you know why?"
"Why?"
"Because," she whispered, "you are a beautiful woman, with the most gorgeous breasts, that I can't stop touching. And because you're the only female I know that's got a six pack that I can see and feel, with the best butt I've seen and felt , but - - -" she giggled, "what makes me really horny, is the control I have over you, the ability to be able to decide when I want to strip off your G String, when I want to feel you , where I want to feel you, how long I want to feel you, kiss you and mark you, talk to you, then finally strip you and display you. Display you in front of my friends in your full nudity, your brazen nakedness. But that will only happen when I judge you are ready and willing to be taken on another journey - - - and until then I will tease you and toy you, relentlessly, without pity or sympathy, compassion or mercy."
Then Laura felt another kiss being delivered on the other side of her neck, even more intense and even longer than the previous occasion. Now her neck had been marked on both sides, symbols of lust that would be difficult to disguise.
It was no real surprise that, fueled by the alcohol in her body and the hands that caressed her skin, the words that Lisa's whispered in her ears and the badges of honor displayed on her neck, that Laura had almost reached that point where Lisa longed her to be.
Their movements didn't change much, they just kept moving round to the slow rhythm of the music, revolving in a small circle in the middle of the room. Lisa was still behind, but right up close, her fingers just resting on the sides of the G String. If she was in a hurry it certainly didn't show. They swayed gently to each side as before, their bodies perfectly in tune.
It often seems to be the case that things happen when they are least expected, and so it was for Laura. For seven or eight minutes they had just danced, slowly, nothing really happening, or at least nothing that hadn't happened before, and there was no more talking, no more kisses, no more markings. Everything seemed to have settled down to a sort of steady routine. Occasionally the G String would move a fraction, but nothing more than it had before. That was until suddenly, out of the blue, it happened. Lisa's hands, flat inside the sides of the G String, worked the G String gently over Laura's round butt, then slowly to the point of no return. Even then Laura was relaxed; after all she had been taken to this point before. But this time was different, she heard a small gasp from around her and felt the thin material slipping down her thighs, and then, as if as a reflex action, she herself completed the task; shook her legs, felt the silky material around her feet and flicked it to one side.
Now she was naked.
Maybe Lisa was right, Laura thought, about the sense of freedom you get when naked. She had this feeling, the feeling that she had moved to another zone, become personally unaware, totally unselfconscious. She had this feeling of peaceful, quiet serenity, as if anything were possible, as if she were floating on a cloud
"You said you wanted to display me a few moments ago - - - what did you mean?"
Lisa stuck her hands in her pockets, turned slightly away shyly, as if she wanted to avoid direct eye contact
"I just had this image in my head of you lap dancing, writhing around on a stage, people stuffing notes into your thong."
Laura smiled, "how strange, my husband had a similar image. I obviously affect people in very erotic ways."
She stood totally relaxed, apparently oblivious to her nakedness, one leg bent slightly at the knee, hands cocked lightly on her hips
"Standing here I already feel like a lap dancer Lisa, I'm so incredibly hot and horny, I'm just waiting for someone to encourage me onto the stage, to become the centre of their attention."
Lisa smiled, moved forward and kissed Laura gently on each cheek, grazed her nipples with her trailing finger, ran her hand longingly round her butt. "Would you perform for me then - - - pose for me?" she whispered in Laura's ear
Laura nodded
For a moment nothing, then Laura straightened up tall, brought her arms up and over her head and touched the floor with her fingers. Her legs were perfectly straight, perfectly parallel to her back
Lisa studied her for a moment.
"Obviously that was a loosener" she said rather dismissively, "Now do your pose, not with your feet flat on the floor, but with you right up on the balls of your feet"
She moved over beside Laura and trailed her fingers along the back of her thighs. "That's better, now keep your legs straight and still- - - good, now hold that position for two minutes - - - can you imagine two minutes in your head?"
Laura nodded. Lisa noticed that her eyes seemed glazed and fixed in direction, as if subconsciously all her energy and emotions were being totally focused on providing the perfect performance.
When the two minutes had passed Laura slowly unwound from her position. She straightened up and went into a sort of wind down procedure, shaking out the muscles in her arms and legs and neck. Then finally she took three or four very deep breaths. The wind down was over and she stood in a position of repose; legs slightly apart, arms loose by her side, head tilted very slightly back. Her face was a picture of tranquility.
For several seconds, she stood perfectly still; then, suddenly from nowhere, a smile crossed her face and she turned towards Lisa and whispered, "Shall I perform for you again?"
"Of course" said Lisa, "but it is important that each performance should set out to surpass the last. Do you have that within you Laura?
"I hope so - - how many poses will you require of me?
"I think six would be a good round number; thirty seconds to get into position, two minutes to hold the pose and a further thirty seconds to wind down; three minutes for each performance, around twenty minutes in all". She smiled, "I'm sure you can hold everyone's attention for much longer than that. What do you think; can you complete six poses for me?"
Lisa could see a flicker of concern on Laura's face; had she asked too much
"I'm just worried Lisa, that as the tasks become more difficult, my muscles might give out, and absolutely the very last thing I want to do is disappoint you"
"Laura, I deliberately made your tasks challenging, because unless they are there is no real performance. As for disappointing me, you will disappoint me more if you don't at least try."
Laura nodded, closed her eyes for a moment and then reopened them, and in that instant, the tranquility had returned to her features.
She cocked her hands on her hips and gradually raised her right leg as high as she could in front of her, then she raised herself onto the balls of her feet and very slowly swung her leg to the furthest extremity she could manage to the right, whilst at the same time maintaining the leg at its highest trajectory, her toes pointed toward the ceiling. She felt Lisa's fingers feather the top of her thighs then her hand run across her abdomen, her fingers trace each set of muscles. Out of the corner of her eye she glimpsed the flashes of mobile phone photos being taken. She counted the two minutes in her head and then completed her wind down.
Aware that each new pose must be both more demanding for her, and more appealing for her audience, Laura prepared for her next performance. She balanced on the balls of her left foot, then touched the floor in front of her with the tips of her fingers. At the same time she raised her right arm and leg as high as she could; for the first time she felt Lisa trailing her fingers along her pussy lips and a cold shiver went through her body. The next performance was similar except that the tips of the fingers of both hands touched the floor in front of her. Again Lisa feathered her pussy lips with her fingers and again she shivered with excitement
Completion of each pose was accompanied by polite ripples of applause and camera flashes from mobile phones. A girl brought out a bottle of water to her. She took one long swallow, and then splashed the balance over her face, across her breasts and the top of her thighs. She was definitely warming up.
The next two poses were more intricate, her body more contorted; she was striving for the perfect pose, the perfect picture pose and it was getting very close.
Now there was just one performance left, one more pose to complete the target of six that Lisa had set. Her muscles ached from the effort and beads of perspiration stood out on her forehead, her breasts, the inside of her thighs. She knew she needed to focus one more time, channel everything she had into her final performance.
She got herself into position, both feet, both hands flat on the floor; head tilted backwards, body parallel to the floor -- the easy bit. Then she raised herself onto the balls of her feet and onto the ends of her fingers and thumb. Then finally she raised her right leg, moved it sideways 45% so that everything was still parallel to the floor, her weight carried only by the ends of eight fingers, two thumbs and the balls of her left foot. What a picture the cameras captured at that moment, what applause from her audience. And it was that applause that carried and sustained her for the next two minutes in the perfect picture pose.
She wound down slowly then gently splashed a large bottle of water all over herself; all over from the neck down. Then with rivulets of water running down her body she began to strut languidly around the room. She shook hands, kissed cheeks and answered questions about diet and workouts
It seemed that the teenage boy had materialized from nowhere, one minute not there, the next tapping her shoulder. For a moment she didn't comprehend what he was trying to say. Then it slowly sunk in, she was being asked if she would come over to his friends. They stood in a group in the corner, in a sort of huddle; five, six, maybe seven of them. Then as she approached they turned towards her and started to strip. For a moment she froze. She looked round but Lisa was nowhere. Suddenly they were all round her, naked, their teenage cocks bobbing as they moved. They forced her backwards until suddenly she lost her balance and fell against several of the bean bags. Then they were on her, their hands holding her arms and legs whilst others were starting to jerk themselves off. She was conscious of others joining them, of extra cocks of extra hands. Then one after the other they shed their loads; over her tits, her face, her hair, her thighs; everywhere and all the time as she looked up more and more cocks were being jerked off. The boys who had jerked off were totally in the zone, their hands moving their loads around her face, her tits, her thighs, as if their spunk was oil which they were massaging in. Then they started to improvise; to move their loads up her thighs and onto to her pussy.
Suddenly she heard the sound of Lisa's voice, like the crack of a whip; "Get away, get back."
Immediately they ceased, skulked for a moment and then backed away, their tails literally between their legs.
Lisa held out her hand. "Come with me."
Her eyes almost closed, her body a mix of teenage spunk and perspiration, her mind shot with a mixture of emotions, she stumbled after Lisa. A few moments later and Laura was being pushed into the shower.
She felt ice cold water hitting her skin and heard Lisa's voice behind her; "Stand still, the cold water will freshen you up."
Then she could feel the warm water being added, could feel Lisa's hands in her hair, on her face, on her body. She slowly opened her eyes and took in the smell of the shower gel and shampoo, then the conditioner. Then it was over and Lisa was showing her the mattress, inviting her to rest. She lay down and watched as Lisa slowly took off her trainers then her jeans, tee shirt and bra. But that was where it ended, Lisa was still wearing a thong, still protecting her virginity, still not absolutely sure of where she was going.
She lay beside Laura cuddling the older woman, running her hands over her body, nuzzling her face into her neck and gently kissing her on the cheek, then turning her round and kissing her lips. They kissed for a long time, their bodies entwined, silently devouring each other. Then Laura closed her eyes as she felt Lisa's fingers in her pussy, felt the teenagers exploring her womanhood; one finger, two fingers, three fingers, then her fist. She got used to the rhythm of the movement of the small hand in her pussy, of Lisa's tongue now inside her mouth - - - and as she finally came, two more long kisses on her neck - two more marks.
Laura smiled, had she ever felt as good as this
To be continued