Everybody in the family was talking about Nagisa's Japanese cousin, Yu. Once the worst of the pandemic seemed over, Yu had traded her relatively discreet job working as a camgirl for a gig with international exposure. She was now a famous porn actress whose videos were available world-wide.
While Nagisa's mother, Hikaru, and her Aunt Hiromi seemed mortified by their relative's brazen decision, the younger generation, Nagisa included, considered Cousin Yu to be something of a rebellious heroine.
Born and raised in California, Nagisa had nevertheless embraced many aspects of Japanese culture, especially hentai anime and ero-manga, while simultaneously rejecting the more rigid moral structure of her ancestral nation. She was happy to have a permissive parent and to live in a place where cute boys were everywhere. Naturally, part of the appeal was the way it drove her mother and aunt nuts. The two women were in their late forties and both had been raised traditionally in Japan.
Nagisa was eighteen and only recently graduated from high school. She still lived at home and she was taking a year off before starting college. Her notorious cousin, Yu, who was twenty-one, had bypassed college so she could attempt to launch a singing career. Instead, it seemed that all she had managed to launch was a porn career. It was this scandalous example that led Nagisa's mother to insist that her daughter enroll at the university asap.
For the moment, however, Nagisa was determined to enjoy what seemed to her like a final year of carefree youth before plunging full-time into adulthood. She wanted to find a job, but only if it was something she liked. Waiting tables and other similar labors seemed boring. It wasn't until she'd overheard a conversation between her mother and her aunt that the young woman had a deliciously naughty idea.
Her Aunt Hiromi had been sharing the latest gossip about Cousin Yu. Apparently, Yu-san was still posting on social media, but her accounts were including far more adult material than before. Curious, Nagisa set up a fake persona and logged in to take a look.
"Holy shit, Yu-san!" she gasped when the account came up and Nagisa began scrolling through the photos and videos that Yu was posting. While she had expected fairly explicit images, her cousin's willingness to spread her holes open for the camera was bolder than the young Asian-American woman had imagined. With her face red and her heart pounding, Nagisa continued to examine photo after photo.
"She looks like she's really getting off!" Nagisa observed as she watched a short video of her Cousin Yu cramming a huge dildo inside her loose droopy cunt. "I don't think I've ever cum like that."
With her curiosity ramping up along with her growing arousal, Nagisa grabbed her phone and texted her Japanese cousin. She and Yu had never been particularly close, but they were near in age and had known each other since they first met as small children. It was early evening in California which meant it was late morning the next day in Japan. Yu replied right away.
"I'm glad to hear you are enjoying my videos," Yu had typed. "They're selling really well. Are you thinking of getting into the business?"
"No, I don't think I'm ready for that," Nagisa typed back. "But I was thinking maybe I would try camming."
Cousin Yu was an amazing source of information. She explained to Nagisa that camming allowed a lot of freedom -- a girl only had to do the things she wanted to and nothing more, all from the safety and privacy of her own home.
"The more you show, the more your fans will tip you for it," she advised. "But they'll always ask for more. If you show your breasts, they'll ask to see your pussy. And once you've shown your pussy on camera, there's no turning back. The money, on the other hand, is great!"
"Is it really that good?" Nagisa had asked.
"I was making a million yen per week from camming by the time I switched to AV."
"I don't how much that is," Nagisa confessed.
"Over seven thousand dollars."
"OMG!" Nagisa typed breathlessly to her cousin.
"What does that mean?"
"It means I'm going to be a camgirl!"
Having made up her mind, the first thing Nagisa did was to check out the competition. To her dismay, there were literally hundreds of thousands of girls vying for the attention of men from all over the world. She realized that keeping her clothes on would limit her opportunities quite a bit.
"Maybe I'll just do some topless stuff," she thought, enjoying the thrill she felt as she imagined baring her perky little breasts to total strangers. "But not right away. I'll see what I can do with my clothes on, first."
Choosing an outfit for her debut was the most fun Nagisa had enjoyed in months. Her head was filled with naughty thoughts and the longer she spent digging through her closet, the hornier she got. Rubbing her clitoris with one hand while sorting her clothes with the other made for slow going. It did not take long before the petite teen needed to flop down on her bed to rub one out.
No stranger to masturbation, Nagisa was amazed at how good it felt. It wasn't just pleasure, either. The girl felt sexy and confident, too. Deciding to be a camgirl was bold and daring, maybe even a little reckless. The result left her almost breathless with an intense excitement she had never experienced before. When she climaxed, it was a spectacular screaming orgasm so loud that would have scared her mother if the older woman had been home.
Once she had caught her breath and washed her hands, Nagisa tackled her pile of clothes. She settled on a combo that she thought looked edgy. Some might have described it as brazenly slutty.
The top was a tiny canary yellow crop-top that clung to her small B-cup boobs and showed off a lot of her midriff. Her skirt was denim dyed blue and white. It was so short that her panties were pretty much on constant display. And that was her outfit apart from an accessory. Or, in her case, two accessories. A blue wig and matching contact lenses.
Nagisa wasn't even sure why she'd chosen to wear them. At the last minute, she had been feeling anxious and thought adopting a persona might help her deal with her nerves. Her friends in high school had always said she looked punk because of her short stature and youthful face. The wig had been a graduation gift.
She chose the name Sapphire and scheduled her first webcast for a week later to give her time to purchase and setup her equipment. It was also the one night of the upcoming week that her mother, Hikaru, would not be home as she had planned a weekend spa visit with her sister, Nagisa's Aunt Hiromi.
The petite teenager had received a new laptop for her eighteenth birthday, so she was able to use that. Cousin Yu had suggested a second camera in addition to the laptop's setup and recommended a software package as well. With a limited budget, at least to start, Nagisa headed downtown to buy what she needed.
The shop she had found on the internet seemed to have a great reputation for reliable and affordable equipment. When Nagisa saw that it was local, she decided to go there instead of shopping online. She had so many questions! Besides, she wanted to go out in her outfit to see what kind of reaction she got.
The young woman giggled nervously as she stood inside the doorway of her apartment. It was only fifteen miles from Torrance to Huntington Park, but taking the bus would mean an hour and a half ride each way. That seemed like a long time to be out in public dressed in an outfit that made her look like a hooker.
She had chosen a route that only required two transfers and no walking. The first leg went smoothly. Nagisa had scored a seat near the back and against the window. With her backpack in her lap, she could discreetly close her legs and cover her exposed panties with her handbag.
It was during her first transfer that her situation began to become more fraught. As she minced off the bus and delicately stepped down to exit, a smelly homeless man followed her. Nagisa didn't notice him until he followed her onto the bus she needed for the next leg of her trip. As soon as she saw him lurch down the aisle toward the back of the bus where she had sought refuge, she knew immediately that he was going to sit next to her.
"Oh, shit!" she swore and she started to get up, thinking it would be better to wait and take the next bus rather than endure this crazy man's stench. The much larger homeless man simply blocked her and pushed Nagisa back down in her seat. He sat down next to her, so she could not escape.
"I knew you was a whore the second I laid eyes on ya," he chuckled wickedly, his smell so pungent that it left the girl gasping. "All on display with yer panties showin'! I ain't had me a nasty little slut like you in a long time."
"Please, I'm not like that," Nagisa protested. "I'm not a... a whore."
"Dressed like that?" the man snorted derisively. "I'm a bum, but I ain't stupid. Tell you what, though, you give me a free blowjob and I'll leave you be."
For a moment, all the young woman could do was stare at the man.
"This can't be happening!" she thought. She looked down at the man's lap and her eyes widened as she saw the huge lump straining against his jeans.
"Wanna see it, little slut?" the man grinned.
Not aware that she was holding her breath, Nagisa nervously reached for the man's zipper and obediently pulled it down. The odor was repellant and the teenager gagged as it wafted into her nostrils. It was like rotten eggs and old cheese.
"Makes yer mouth water, don't it?" the big man laughed. "Best get to work or you'll miss yer stop."
Fifteen minutes later, Nagisa sat up. Her face was streaked with tears and drool and snot, but no cum. She had swallowed every drop. To her amazement, the homeless man kept his promise and got off the bus at the next stop. The Asian-American girl grabbed a tissue from her bag to wipe up her face and then sat silently as the bus wound its way north toward her final transfer.
The load of jism in her belly sat heavily in her guts. For a few minutes after the man had pumped his sperm into her mouth, Nagisa thought she would vomit. His cum had been thick and bitter. Slowly, her nausea faded. By the time she needed to switch to the last bus, she was already back to thinking about the equipment she wanted to buy.
"Is this who I am choosing to be?" she asked herself as she watched the street signs go by. "Have I been a slut all this time, just waiting for a chance to blossom into my adult self?"
She paused and double-checked her location on the map displayed on her smartphone. She was still about ten minutes from her destination.
"I just gave a blowjob to a homeless man!" she whispered out loud, making herself giggle at the thought. "Face it, Nagi-chan! You are a slut and you have been since you were in middle school! Damn, I love sex!"
She giggled again.
"I love sex!" she repeated, a little louder this time. A young woman seated a few rows in front of Nagisa turned in her seat and flashed a smile as she got up to exit.
"Go get some, girl!" the woman said, giving a thumbs-up sign as she spoke. And then she was gone.
"Fuck, I'm so horny!" Nagisa groaned as she neared her stop. She wanted badly to sneak into a restroom so she could masturbate, but she also knew the store would be closing soon and she didn't have the time.
Stepping off the bus, she walked quickly to the store, aware that her short skirt and brisk pace meant she was flashing her panties to everyone on the sidewalk. Knowing that people were watching her gave her a thrill. By the time she arrived at the shop, her heart was pounding with excitement.
"Can I help you?" a young man asked as she walked inside. He was tall and good-looking and he wore a nametag that identified him as Brian.
Nagisa blushed a pretty pink.
"I'm loo... looking for some equipment and... um... software, I guess," she stammered nervously.
Brian smiled.
"Let me guess, for camming?" he asked.
The petite teenager nodded.
"How did you know that?" Nagisa asked, genuinely surprised.
"You're the right age. And you've got the look," the young man told her.
The flush on the teenager's face grew deeper.
"Is it too much?" she asked quietly.
Brian shook his head.
"It's bold," he conceded. "But you look sexy as fuck. Pardon my language. I would love to see more of you."
His quip made Nagisa giggle and she felt her initial anxiety fade away, replaced by eagerness and excitement about the task at hand.
"Well, if you help me find what I'm looking for, maybe we can do something about that," she purred suggestively.
"I'm confident that I can find something you'll be very happy with," Brian grinned, glancing down suggestively at the lump in his pants.
"I thought it would be bigger," Nagisa pouted.
"What?!" the young man gulped audibly.
"Your store," the girl clarified. "I thought your store would be bigger."
Brian let out a relieved sigh and tried to focus his thoughts, although he was finding it difficult. Every time he looked at the sexy little babe standing in front of him, he pictured her tiny body naked. He took a deep breath.
"We're an online outfit, mostly," the young man explained. "But we started out as a traditional retail outlet thirty years ago. Since most of inventory is here, we keep the old place open even though 90% of our sales are over the internet."
"Okay, so you can hook me up?" Nagisa asked.
"Whatever you need," Brian nodded assuredly.
"Well, I have a laptop with a good camera built-in. My friend says all that I need is lighting, a second camera, and software to control everything."
"Is your friend into camming? She sounds like she knows her way around," the young man said. Then, as he realized how his words sounded, he quickly apologized.
To his relief, the Asian cutie was laughing.
"It's okay," she giggled. "Yu-chan definitely gets around. She's making porn these days... in Japan."
"That's why you look familiar!" Brian blurted out excitedly. "Are you talking about Komaru Yu? Are you related, because you sure look like her!"
Nagisa blushed, surprised that the store clerk had so quickly discovered her family's dirty secret.
"She's my cousin," she admitted.
"That's so awesome!" Brian gushed. "I've got all of her DVDs. She totally my type."
He gave her a blatant head-to-toe visual evaluation, shaking his head in wonder.
"You might even be hotter than your cousin!"
Nagisa blushed again. The young man had all but told her that he was perving on her and she could feel her pussy twitching as a result.
"So... um... what do you recommend?" the girl pressed with a shy smile.
In almost no time at all, Brian had gathered a ring light, a portable webcam, and a reasonably inexpensive software package. Hooking it all up to the girl's laptop, which she had brought with her, he quickly demonstrated how she could stream while using a small remote to control the second camera.
"OMG! This is so cool!" Nagisa exclaimed. "I can't wait to get this stuff home so I can get started."
"I can deliver it today as soon as I close," Brian offered. "I'll even help you set it up."
"Oh, you're so sweet!" the petite teenager squealed. "If you stick around after you set it up, I could give you a private show."
"I'd like that, sure," the young man nodded with a big smile.
"So, what do I owe you?" Nagisa asked.
"This is on me," Brian told her. "But I want you to remember that when you give me that private show, later."
"Really?" the teenager squealed excitedly. "You won't get in trouble, will you?"
The young man grinned and shook his head.
"My father owns the place."
It was only a half hour until closing, so Nagisa scrolled through her phone and discreetly watched Brian work. She was thinking about the private show she promised and her fantasies were getting hotter and sluttier with each passing minute. It was still ten minutes before closing when she asked Brian if she could use the employee restroom.
Nagisa had her panties down around her ankles in seconds and her fingers plunged into her soggy snatch with a lewd squelching sound.
"Oh, fuck! That's so good!" she groaned as she squirmed on the toilet seat. "Fuck me, Brian! Fuck me with your big hard cock!"
Standing outside the door, Brian was listening with amused interest. He had locked up five minutes early because the store was empty. When he heard the Asian-American babe rubbing one out rather loudly, he almost laughed out loud. Instead, he positioned his body to avoid casting any shadows under the door and he listened carefully.
"It's so big!" Nagisa was moaning. "It's going so deep! I'm going to cum, Brian! Make me cum, baby!"
The young man grinned and switched on his smartphone's audio to record the girl's lusty groans and grunts. He could hear her fingers plunging in and out of her cunt, her gooey pink mouth slurping and sucking at her wriggling digits. Her words had yielded to gasps and moans and whimpers. Then, she let out a wild scream as she climaxed, uninhibited, unrestrained, and undeniably sexual.
Brian waited for about thirty seconds and then called out from the doorway.
"Nagisa, I'm ready to go. I'll load your stuff in my car and we can leave when you're ready."
He carried her items out the back door into the alley where he parked his car. It was a small load, so it only took the one trip. When he walked back inside, a flushed Nagisa was waiting with an embarrassed look on her face. Brian pretended not to notice.
The drive back to Torrance was quick compared to the bus ride from Hell that the teen girl had endured earlier in the day. Brian was parking outside her apartment building forty minutes later. Fifteen minutes after that, Nagisa's camming rig was set up and ready.
"Hey, um, about that private show," she began.
"No problem if you've changed your mind," the young man smiled disarmingly.
"No! No, I want to thank you for all your help!" the girl stammered. "But I was hoping that maybe we could fuck instead. Oh, God! This is so embarrassing!"
Brian sat down on the edge of her bed and patted the mattress next to him. Nagisa sat down nervously, too anxious to look him in the face.
"You are the most mature eighteen-year-old I have ever met," he told her gently. "That took guts. And just to be clear, I've wanted to fuck you since you walked in the door today."
The girl looked up then, her cheeks pink, but with her eyes shining.
"Do you want me to suck it?" she asked impishly. "I've been told I have mad oral skills."
Brian grinned.
"I'll have to make up my own mind about that," he chuckled. "If you're anything like your cousin, you'll be amazing!"
While Nagisa shimmied out of her clothes, Brian fired up the software and made sure both cameras were pointed at the bed.
"We can test everything this way," he explained.
The girl laughed.
"My very first sex tape," she giggled. "You better fuck me good!"
In response, Brian opened his fly and fished his cock out into view. He was hung like a horse, eleven inches long and over three inches thick. Nagisa was no virgin and far from innocent, but she had never seen such a big cock in person before. She gaped in shock and astonishment.
"Ready when you are," the young man chuckled.
"I want it," Nagisa moaned. "Put it in me now!"
"No foreplay?" Brian teased.
"Please!" The young woman's voice was husky and thick with arousal. "Please, fuck me!"
"Lay back and spread your legs," the young man demanded as he quickly pulled on a condom. Nagisa obeyed meekly, her hunger almost overwhelming her.
Brian knelt between the petite girl's open thighs. He rubbed the engorged tip against her glistening pussy lips.
"Yesss!" she hissed, bucking her hips in an effort to take him inside her body. "Fuck me!"
In one slow drawn-out moment, Brian slid his cock into the teen's hot wet hole and pushed steadily deeper and deeper until he bottomed out. He had managed to squeeze seven inches inside of her on the first thrust.
"Oh, FUCK!" Nagisa cried out. "Oh, fuck! It's so big! It's so good! This is what I wanted!"
"You like my cock, little slut?" Brian taunted as he pistoned in and out. His strokes were strong and steady but not violent. He was clearly trying to bury his cock to the hilt but he was patient. He didn't need to nail her in the first three minutes. Instead, he fucked her relentlessly, never letting her rest, and slowly penetrated deeper and deeper into her mushy cunt.
"Oh, God! It's so good!" she groaned gratefully, opening her thighs wide and lifting her hips so he could push deeper. "Fuck my pussy! Fuck it!"
"You sound like your cousin," Brian chortled. "She started out as a camgirl, didn't she?"
"Shut up and fuck me!" Nagisa groaned desperately.
"You should make porn like she does," the man suggested, panting heavily.
The petite teen gasped at his proposition. Just the thought of it ratcheted up her arousal intensely. She had imagined it before while watching her Cousin Yu taking on a trio of porn studs, pretending that it was her instead of Yu taking cocks in every hole.
"I'm serious!" Brian huffed. "Oh, fuck! Your pussy feels so good!"
"I... I don't think I'm ready for that," Nagisa moaned as her compact torso curled and clenched with pleasure. "Maybe... someday."
"Oh, shit! I'm going to cum!" the young man groaned.
"Do it!" the girl grunted, squeezing him with her cunt as tightly as she could. She was rewarded with the sensation of his cock pulsing inside her as he nutted into the condom. "That's it, baby!"
"Oh, fuck! You are incredible!" Brian told her earnestly after he had finished. "If you ever decide to shoot porn, you'll make a fortune."
The Asian-American girl giggled.
"Like I said, maybe someday," she repeated.
The two of them curled up together and cuddled for a half hour, savoring the afterglow of their lovemaking. Brian had been gently planting kisses on Nagisa's neck and shoulders when he whispered in her ear.
"So, when does Sapphire make her debut?"
"This weekend. Saturday night," the girl sighed happily. She was excited about it, but at the moment she was still too blissed out from sex to do anything other than rest comfortably in Brian's embrace.
"Do you want any company?" he asked softly.
Nagisa felt her heart thump and her clitoris throb at the same time. Brian was a talented lover and he had a huge cock. It was an easy decision.
"Only if you fuck me after," she teased.
"Oh, you can count on that!" the young man laughed, pulling her close so that he could kiss her. She moaned in response, opening her mouth so their tongues could dance and intertwine.
"Fuck me, baby!" Nagisa moaned. "Fuck me one more time... before Mama gets home."
When Brian arrived at the petite camgirl's apartment on Saturday, he had an agenda that included having sex with Nagisa but also had a few other goals. Among them was convincing the slender teenager to strip completely nude by the end of her stream. To help further his goal, he showed up two hours before her scheduled debut and then spent an hour and fifty minutes fucking her stupid right before the show.
When the stream began, Nagisa was flushed and mussed, her hair in disarray and her yellow crop-top showing so much underboob that a hint of areolae would slip into sight every time she shifted a particular way. To ensure that there was no doubt that she had just been freshly fucked, her greeting was blunt.
"Hi!" she giggled. "I'm Sapphire and I just had the most amazing sex! I came so many times I lost count!"
There was only a handful of people watching, so Nagisa took questions, a suggestion from Brian who was sitting quietly in the corner with a notepad.
"Was it your bf who fucked you or someone else?" one of the viewers typed.
For a split second, the girl's eyes flicked to Brian who was smiling roguishly at her.
"He's a fuck-buddy," she spoke, looking directly into the main camera for effect. "He's got a huge cock!"
"Do you need any more fuck-buddies?" another viewer typed. Nagisa giggled fetchingly.
"Maybe," she replied coyly. "Let's get to know each other a little bit, first."
Brian was impressed at the camgirl's poise and confidence, although he suspected her endorphin-soaked brain was helping her mood. As he watched her flirt shamelessly with total strangers, he was even more convinced that Nagisa would make a sensational pornstar. She was young. She was sexy. And she was slutty. Best of all, she clearly loved to fuck.
The number of viewers was climbing as Sapphire regaled her audience with explicit descriptions of how she had been fucked. Several of them were tipping her while requesting that she show them her tits. Finally, when Brian held up a sign that read "tits out", Nagisa peeled off her top. Her laptop chimed as tips rolled in from several more viewers.
For nearly two hours, the petite Japanese-American girl teased her viewers, but as her first-ever cam session neared the end, she peeled off everything and masturbated shamelessly in front of the two webcams. Brian discreetly shot more video on his phone, eager to show his friends how he'd spent his Saturday night.
Afterward, Nagisa relaxed on her bed, flush from her orgasms and excited by her bold debut.
"Oh, God! That felt so good!" she giggled, her naked body still on display for her one remaining audience member. She looked hopefully at the young man seated at the end of her bed. "Can we fuck some more?"
Brian scooted over to her and gave the teenager a long kiss that left her gasping.
"I was hoping we could fuck all night," he teased.
"Oh yeah?" Nagisa sighed happily. "What if I said I was hoping that, too?"
The young man pulled her into an embrace and soon the horny pair was entangled in each other's limbs. If Nagisa had any second thoughts, they were banished by Brian's big cock. The girl had never been fucked so well and she came nearly non-stop as her hole was filled with hard throbbing man-meat. When his balls finally boiled over and he spurted a thick load of hot jism into her belly, the young lovers clung to each other in post-coital bliss.
"That was amazing!" Brian said sincerely, his arms wrapped around the much smaller Asian beauty. "And your cam show was the best foreplay ever!"
Nagisa blushed proudly.
"Do you really think so?" she asked earnestly. "Did you think it was sexy enough?"
"Well, next time you should use a dildo," the young man replied. "A big one!"
"As big as your cock?" Nagisa teased with a grin.
"Bigger!" Brian teased back. "Your fans will love it!"
"Mmm," the girl sighed. Reaching down, she grasped the man's cock in her small hand and gave it a loving squeeze. It was plump and engorged, but not firm.
"I think I'm going to like camming," she purred, caressing Brian back to hardness. Smiling, she kissed her way down her lover's chest until she found what she wanted. Taking the man's big dick in her mouth, she got to work.