This is the fourth part of the story.
It involves a highly sexed unfaithful wife working as a stripper. If this offends you then read no further...
*
Stretched out in my bath soaking up the essential oils, I smoothed my hand up my leg checking for any stray stubble.
Smooth as silk, I then ran my hand over my freshly shaved pussy, delighted to feel nothing more than soft hairless skin.
Standing up in the bath, I watched the oil based water runoff my tanned flesh.
A small waterfall was streaming off my pierced nipples as the shine of my skin absorbed the essential oil. I stepped out of the bath and began to pat dry my oiled flesh.
Contented that my skin was free from any excess water I smoothed my hands over my breasts, waist and legs, ensuring the oils were being absorbed.
With my hair pinned up and standing barefoot I looked at my reflection in my full length mirror.
I would easily be mistook for a porn star if I were wearing my regulation high heels.
My hairless pussy, full buxom breasts, pierced nipples and recent clit piercing placed me in that porn star look category.
I reattached my belly button piercing and left the bedroom to enter my bedroom.
I sat in front of my dressing table and applied my make up then fixed my hair.
As I would be working at the strip club in about an hour, I decided to put on a black shiny lace Basque with fishnet stockings attached.
Strapping my spiked heel shoes on I then pulled on a tight mid length pencil skirt, which when in place showed the bobbles of my garter attachments, very sexy indeed.
I slipped on a tight black waistcoat and attached my earrings and jewellery.
Picking up my Bolero style jacket, I hung it over my holdall with my dance costumes in and went toward my front door.
Hubby was working late this evening so I enabled the house alarm and locked the front door.
The short drive to the club was uneventful and rather mundane allowing me to daydream my way through my journey.
I parked at the rear of the club next to the girl's entrance and gave the secret knock.
One of the East European girls opened the door and seemed genuinely pleased to see me.
We kissed each other's on the cheek as she closed the door behind me.
I made my way into the changing room, placing my holdall in the locker assigned to me.
There was a sticker on my locker door saying
"Pop in to see me when you arrive!" It was from the boss.
I closed my locker door and made my way to the boss's office.
The boss was seated behind his huge desk in the middle of a telephone conversation.
He waved me in and pointed to a seat. I sat in the seat at the side of his desk and crossed my legs as slowly and provocatively as the tight skirt would allow.
The boss hung up the phone and said
"I won't be around later I've to go to one of my other clubs and sort out a few issues there. Sorry babe but I won't be around to fuck you later; I'll have to take a rain check!"
Disappointed I smiled back at him.
"Business before pleasure honey, plus there'll be plenty other times!" I smiled
I had been so looking forward to getting some more of that magnificent cock, but at least I'll get back home to hubby earlier and hornier, so he'll get the benefit.
"I promise I'll make it up to you babe, we'll do something special I promise!"
His cock and the promise of something special had me almost squirming in my seat.
I got out of my seat, walked over to him and gave him a soft sensual kiss with just a hint of tongue.
"I'm looking forward to it already!" I smiled.
Leaving his office I admit I felt a little crushed.
I'd spent almost the whole day pampering my body in preparation of receiving his massive manhood. I'd been on tenterhooks all day in anticipation of his cock.
I was deliriously horny now and would have to wait until I got home and received hubby's cock to quench my desires.
I walked into the bar area and ordered a double brandy.
The drink was hardly in the glass when it found itself coating my throat with a warm alcoholic lining.
My cheeks pinched instantly to the alcohol rush.
This didn't dampen my ardour in the slightest; if anything it increased my state of arousal.
How was I going to get through the night, half naked and gyrating to total strangers.
A few discrete rubs could be on the cards and some of the more fortunate punters will be allowed to probe my sexual crevasses.
The club opened on time and a small crowd descended onto the floor.
Within ten minutes the club was almost full and I made my way through the throng in just my Basque, stockings, and thong and high heels.
The odd hand would slide and touch my ass or waist and one rather cheeky punter placed a hand on my left breast.
A hand tapped me lightly on my shoulder and said
"Becky? Is that you?'
I turned around to see standing right in front of me Kris my ex boyfriend.
Kris was my last boyfriend before I met my husband.
We had a rather passionate relationship, but it was based on sex and sex alone.
Kris was the guy who took my anal virginity and he even suggested I should do lap-dancing or stripping as I had the figure for it.
"Hi babes, what a surprise" I exclaimed quite shocked and taken aback.
'"So you took my advice and started stripping!" He smiled rather devilishly.
"I took my husband's advice!" I teased.
"You're still married?" he asked rather shocked "He must be a very understanding man. He does know how much of a sex bomb you are?"
"Yes still married, He most certainly knows my sexual prowess, and he is very understanding with my stripping and having lots of fun in the process!" I teased
"How much fun?" he enquired saucily
"By me a drink and I'll tell you!"
Kris bought a double brandy for me and JD and Coke for himself.
Finding a quiet booth we both sat down and began to reminisce about the past.
He recalled how I once wore a pair of thigh length boots and a plastic full length Macintosh as we went over the Forth Road Bridge.
I was totally naked beneath the coat and it was the first time I'd ever shaven my pussy.
He fingered my shaved slit as the Toll booth guy took his fee.
We pulled over just after we crossed the bridge and fucked like crazy.
He recalled the time I gave him a blow-job on a late night flight from Heathrow.
One of the stewardesses caught me but gave me a wink and moved along.
I greedily swallowed all of his cum on that flight.
"Do you still have a shaved pussy?" he enquired as his hand slinkily ran up my stockinged thigh
"You'll need to book me for a dance to find out!" I teased as I gently grazed my talon like nails down his cheek.
"I've always loved your soft delicate touch. It's emptied my pipe plenty of times!"
"Your touch wasn't too bad either!" I encouraged.
I parted my legs as my wet look thong stretched itself to its limits; framing my slit just enough to present a very smooth camel toe indeed.
The shiny black triangle of the thong, barely covered my smooth pussy, but presenting a deliciously erotic visual feast.
With my legs wide open and my breasts jutting forward I said.
"Let's have a dance now then shall we?"
We picked up our drinks and I guided him to one of the private booths.
His hand around my basqued waist he said
"You never wore one of these for me!"
"You should have asked! I'm wearing one now for you and if you treat me well I may just give you more than a lap-dance!"
"I wish you weren't married as I would love to fuck you like the old days!"
"As I said my husband is very understanding, let's see how things progress!"
He took his seat and I closed the curtains behind us.
He took out a twenty pound note and placed it in my stocking top.
"There's supposed to be no touching but for an old friend I can make an exception!" I smiled.
I immediately removed my thong and placed it on the shelf behind his head.
He stared intently at my shaved slit.
"Great you still shave your slit!" he exclaimed.
As he leant forward I could feel his hot breath on my bald pussy.
"Do you approve?" I smiled
"Fuck me yes! You're shaved pussy and hot lingerie is making me desperate to fuck you! I wish you weren't married" He said
"Well it just so happens that I am, but I'm sure we can re-live the past!" I teased
"You'd let me fuck you?" he enquired
"Not here but we could go back to yours for a few hours!" I stated.
His jaw dropped as I leant forward and gently brushed my lips across his.
His tongue darted forward and I snaked my own around his.
His hands held my breasts and he moaned when he made contact with my nipple piercings.
I moved forward and straddled his thighs, manoeuvring my hairless pussy in target with his growing bulge.
His hand left my breast and smoothly cupped my shaved mound.
His finger slid from the ranks and parted my slit deftly.
His fingertip made contact with my pierced clitoris and he moaned again.
Breaking free from our kiss he strained his head to look at my bald slit and piercing.
Standing up with my legs either side of his, he could see my shaved pussy and pierced clitoris, and he could also see that my pussylips were beginning to open.
"Fucking hell Becky you're still one hot dirty slut!"
Holding his head I leant forward and whispered into his ear.
"I'm even dirtier now!"
"Fucking Hell!" he stammered "How could you possibly be dirtier?"
"Every hole is available and so are souvenir pics and videos!" I teased
"Fucking hell you have got dirtier!" he smiled
He placed a shaky hand over my hairless mound and slowly rubbed my naked lips.
His thumb pressed on my pierced clitoris as my hood revealed my sex button.
Pressing firmly, he manipulated my button marvellously, his finger slid inside my wet hole sending me to my first orgasm of the evening.
Gyrating slowly and sensually with his finger still embedded in me, I began steadying myself, allowing access for a couple of more fingers as I looked him in the eye and said.
"If you want I'll sign off for the night, come back to yours with my holdall of stripper costumes, I'll give you a little show and we can fuck for a couple of hours, like the old days just a lot more dirtier! I may even throw in a few photographs and possibly a nice little sex tape!"
His face went purple.
His cock was struggling to conceal its identity in his skin-tight jeans.
Kris always had a good body and usually kept it hairless.
His tight T-shirt was straining as his chest puffed up in conjunction with his prominent erection.
"Do you fancy spending some time in all of my holes?" I teased
"Fuck! I'm here with a friend who is in town tonight only, and he's staying at mine. Shall we get a hotel?" he enquired
"Invite your friend along and I'll fuck him also. In fact you can DP me if you want?" I teased
"You'd let my mate fuck you also?" He asked mesmerised.
"If he has a good hard cock and is quite good looking, I'll fuck him first and you can watch!" I tormented.
"I'm fucking you first!" he demanded
"OK then let's get introduced and we'll take it from there".
We left the little booth once I'd returned my wet look thong to its rightful place.
Kris helped me get into and took great delight in ensuring it fitted all tight and snuggly.
We walked over to the bar area of the club and Kris' mate was standing waiting for us with a round of drinks on the table.
I kissed him on the cheek and introduced myself.
His name was Ben and he was dark skinned with dreamy romantic dark eyes.
Very good looking and from what I could define he possessed quite a good athletic body.
"Come with me, you're getting a lap dance on the house!"
He followed me obediently (a good sign in my book) and we walked in to the booth I had just used. Ben sat down as I removed my thong instantly.
Placing a thigh either side of his legs, I held my pussy-lips open and lowered myself down on to his crotch.
His cock was already erect and through the material of his tight jeans it felt impressively large.
I placed my mouth at his right ear and softly blew and nibbled his lobe.
"Before Kris gets the opportunity to tell you, we're all going back to his where you're both going to fuck every one of my holes!"
His hands grabbed my buttocks and pulled them apart revealing my puckered ring to the atmosphere. His fingers spread outwards as the tips of his index fingers circled my tightest of holes, rubbing the tight flesh back and forth.
"Do I get to fuck this hole?" he enquired.
Quite a cool customer this one so I opted to regain control.
"You can fuck this when Kris has his cock buried deep in my pussy. You can DP me if you're up to it!" I tormented.
"Come up here and give me a little taste"
I climbed onto his thighs and place my feet either side of his thighs on his seat.
My pussy was inches away from his face, so I decided to slut it up even more by placing both index fingers inside and pulling my hole open for him.
His tongue darted out and slithered inside my shaved quim.
His tongue was easily the longest tongue I've ever encountered.
It was longer than some cocks I've fucked.
The snake like movement of his hot wet tongue, exploring its way through my pussy sent me wild and I orgasmed quite violently and vocally.
Good job the music was loud and driving as I smeared my love lips all over his lips and wonderful tongue.
My juices were coating his face as he lapped away at my hairless flesh.
His fingers were stroking my asshole, gently opening my bud and slowly sliding a finger inside.
His tongue and finger took my sexual heaven as I came again, thrashing my mound into his invading tongue.
I could feel his tongue withdraw from my pussy as delicately licked the inner walls of my pussy on its withdrawal.
My legs were quivering from sexual tension as I climbed down and positioned my open cunt on to his denim clad cock.
"I can't wait to feel this cock inside me. Having your spunk in my mouth and pounding my ass!"
"Rest assured the feeling is mutual!"
He really was a cool customer.
"You are going to keep your sexy underwear on if we fuck you aren't you?" he enquired
"I'm not just going to keep it on but I have a few stripper costumes in my bag I think you guys might enjoy, plus we'll need a few changes for the photographs and video!"
"We're getting to fuck you and you're letting us take photographs and videos?"
"You most definitely are as long as I get a copy!" I insisted.
"They won't end up in the wrong hands will they? I'm married and don't need any of that kind of hassle!"
"I'm married also and the only other eyes that will see this lot are my hubby! If I show him what we did then it's not cheating, but we can pretend its cheating as that is much dirtier and hotter!" I teased. "In fact I'll put on a good dirty talk display especially for you guys as you both fuck the slut stripper!"
"Let's get to fuck; I desperately need to be inside you!"
"You guys wait outside on the corner and I'll make my excuses and meet you outside!"
"We'll order a taxi?"
"No need I have my car. Kris can drive it and you and I can get acquainted in the back seat! Go tell Kris and I'll see you outside on the corner in five minutes!"
I returned to the changing rooms and told one of the girls that I'd need to leave as I'd just come on and it was quite heavy.
Putting my clothes in my bag I placed my bolero jacket over my Basque, picked up my bag and headed to my car.
Starting the engine I reversed out of the space and slowly drove out of the courtyard and turned the corner to pick the guys up.
Both guys were standing waiting as I pulled up.
I got out of the car and both guys wolf whistled which brought attention from other guys walking on their way to the strip club.
"You drive Kris as you obviously know the way and me and Ben will get better acquainted in the back seat!"
Kris jumped in the driver seat as I slithered into the back seat, bending over and arching my back much more than was necessary but for optimum effect.
Ben's fingers went and pulled my thong to one side then he peeled it slowly over my ass cheeks, revealing my asshole and pussy-lips to the world.
Turning onto my back I opened my legs as wide as the car would allow as Ben fell into the car between my legs and began to kiss and finger my shaved snatch.
Kris started the car as Ben continued to devour my pussy with his enormous tongue.
Raising my ass off the back seat, I began to fuck Ben's face.
Ben lifted my legs up toward my breasts exposing both of my tight holes, then slithered his tongue around the rim of my ass then wormed it inside my asshole.
Darting his tongue in and out of my ass, he then began to stab it in out of my ass and pussy in unison. This was a delicious feeling I'd never encountered before and just before I came I said to Ben.
"That is incredible, you have to video that when we get to Kris'!" I panted as my orgasm swept through me.
"What the fuck is he doing to get you so worked up?" Kris asked
As I rode Ben's snake like tongue I said.
"He's tonguing my cunt and ass and his tongue is fucking massive!" I moaned as another orgasm drenched his face.
The next bit I would never have thought possible but believe me he did it.
His tongue wormed its way inside my pussy heading to my front inner wall.
The tip of his tongue softly circled my Gspot, sending me into a spiral of multiple orgasms I'd never thought possible.
My jizz was gushing out and drowning Ben's face.
My howls of delight were reaching decibel levels I didn't think I was possible of reaching.
My orgasm seemed never ending and I felt as though I was going to faint before my ecstatic turmoil would recede.
His tongue slowed down now as my orgasm reached its crescendo and began to plateau.
Ben removed his tongue and kissed his way up to my cleavage where he snaked his tongue between my tits, slithering the hot muscle all over my chest.
As he worked his way up my neck, slithering his tongue all over my neck, he flicked the tip onto my earlobe then began to snake his way around my ears.
I was burning with desire, my stomach was flipping and my pussy was fizzing.
As his tongue distracted my ears, his cock slowly nestled between my pussy-lips and gently slid deep inside my cunt.
My breath left my body in a loud deep moan as he began to slowly ride my pussy.
Riding his cock the full length inside me, then withdrawing till only the tip remained inside.
This was done so slowly and precisely I lost my fucking mind!
His tongue was still dancing with my ears as his cock slid in and out of my tight wet pussy.
His middle finger of his right hand slowly opened my anus bud and began to work its way inside my tight tense ring.
His lips moved to my mouth as the snake like tongue explored my mouth in unison with his cock fucking my pussy and his digit working my ass.
We were now almost joined together sexually.
Everything he could get inside me was now inside and was tormenting me delightfully.
Wrapping my stockinged thighs around his back gave him more freedom of movement and he responded by inserting two more fingers up my ass!
I was a slave to this fucker and I would have done anything he wanted.
My recent sexploits had brought me into contact with some amazing cocksman and this guy was definitely one of the best.
I was being driven through town, as I was getting fucked in saucy underwear, on my way to an ex-boyfriend's flat, to have a full blown threesome including a double penetration session as promised. My mind was sexually frazzled as Ben continued to fuck me.
"Don't cum just yet and definitely not inside me, I want to swallow all of this!"
Ben removed his cock from inside me and said.
"I'll need to see that on video!" He smiled.
"And I'll need to see that ass tonguing!" I begged.
"We're at my house" Kris said as he pulled into his drive.
Kris got out of the car and opened the rear passenger door for me.
I got out of the wearing the Basque, stockings and high heels.
My tits were scooped out of the bra cups showing my piercings to great effect as the night chill and recent fucking had hardened my nipples dramatically.
The cool breeze wafted over my hairless mound as Kris sunk two fingers in my drenched pussy.
"Fucking soaking but still tight as fuck!" Kris stated.
"Let's get inside so you guys can get inside!" I teased.
Walking up the driveway we all held each other as the guys fingered my pussy and ass.
If his neighbours had looked outside they'd have seen a delight sight.
Kris opened his door, turned on the lights and we all headed inside as he closed the door behind us. We somehow made into the very spacious lounge with hands and fingers all over my body as I returned the compliment grabbing and rubbing as much cock as possible.
I was almost thrown on to the opulent black leather corner suite.
This thing must seat at least ten, it was immense. I was glad it was leather so I wouldn't need to worry about body fluids staining anywhere as the leather would wipe easy.
"Are you serious about us being able to film you?" Kris asked
"You can film and photo!" I replied "Do you have a video camera? Or do you want to use your iPhones?"
"I'll be back in a flash" Kris enthused.
With Kris out of the room Ben began to remove his clothes displaying a very impressive torso.
A six pack was clearly evident and he like Ben was totally hairless.
We kissed and felt each other's sexual areas.
My Basque had been tightened at the back without my even noticing.
My waist looked tiny in shiny black garment.
My tits were scooped out of the bra cups resting on the lower cup displaying my pierced erect nipples. I opened my legs and drew my knees toward my chest, placing my fingers inside my pussylips;
I pulled my cunt open for Ben's amusement.
Kris walked back into the lounge with a tripod, two digital cameras and a Sony Video camera.
He hooked all of the gear up and turned on his TV which displayed the lounge with all of us in it.
I turned my pussy directly to the camera as the lens zoomed in on my pussy.
"Both guys are going fuck this and fuck my ass. Then I'm going to swallow their loads and lick them back to full hardness!"
I pushed my fingers deep in my pussy and placed one long taloned nail inside my asshole.
Ben knelt between my legs and removed my fingers, replacing them with his enormous tongue.
His tongue slithered around my pussy-lips then snaked inside my cunt.
A few minutes of this ecstatic treatment then he repeated his party trick he did in the car, darting his tongue in and out of my ass and pussy.
I was coming and panting as I watched this event on the TV screen as his tongue owned me.
Kris feeling somewhat left out, knelt on the sofa with his crotch inches away from my face.
I turned to the camera and said.
"One guy is tonguing my cunt so I'll suck this guy's cock till we're ready to fuck! Pity there isn't more cocks to enjoy!"
Still looking at the camera I slowly placed the head of the cock in my mouth,
Licking the engorged bell end and stroking the length.
"It's good to suck and ex boyfriends cock now and again!" I whored.
All of this was for the benefit of the camera and obviously hubby when he gets to see it.
I sucked Kris' cock for a good 10 minutes while Ben turned my pussy and ass inside out with his delectable tongue.
At least every two minutes I had to remove Kris' cock as Ben sent me over the line repeatedly with his anaconda of a tongue.
I had lost count of the number of orgasms I had endured and I thought I would have been satisfied, but my pussy and ass were hungry for more, in fact they were downright greedy for more!
Ben leant up from licking my holes as I removed Kris' cock from my mouth.
"Who's fucking me first or shall we just go straight for Double penetration!" I said as I smiled wickedly at the camera.
Kris had the bigger of the two cocks so it seemed right that he should fuck my pussy and that Ben should take my ass.
Kris sat on the sofa as I straddled his thighs, lowering my pussy over his cock and shrouding it with my velvet cunt.
As his cock filled me to the brim he held my butt cheeks wide exposing my puckered ring to the camera.
Ben spat on his fingers and lubed my ass with his saliva.
I looked directly into the camera lens with Kris cock impaling me and said.
"What a gentleman lubing my ass before he fucks it!"
Ben positioned himself direct at my butt hole and slid his cock straight into my lubed ass.
Kris had a small remote in his hand and directed the lens into a close up of the actual double penetration.
My pussy and ass were on the TV screen being stretched wonderfully by two magnificent cocks.
The visual display brought me to orgasm as I rode both cocks like some filthy whore, screaming out loud for both cocks to fuck me and give me their spunk!
Kris pushed his cock as deep as it would go and rested the beast inside me as Ben continued to thrust in and out of my stretched asshole.
I kissed Kris slowly softly biting his lips as Ben ploughed my ass.
I turned my head slightly and Ben kissed my open mouth, exploring my inner depths with his enormous tongue.
Again another orgasm burst through me sending electric impulses all over my entire body. Ben said he was about to cum and Kris said he was on the verge also.
I instructed both guys to take out their cocks and sank over my tits and face.
Both cocks unplugged, I spread out on the sofa as both guys held their purple cocks in front of my face and began to masturbate furiously.
I would flick out my tongue on one of the cocks every now and then as the camera zoomed into face the first spurts from Kris' cock spewed onto my face.
I quickly opened my mouth for the rest of the forceful spurts to flow into my open mouth.
Licking his flagging erection Kris moved back onto the sofa just as Ben unleashed a steady stream of creamy white spunk.
Every single drop made it into my mouth as I performed and ass mouth blow job and swallowed every drip of Ben's thick spunk.
Looking directly into the camera I licked the semi erect cock and with my other hand I began to stroke Kris' semi.
"One thing is for sure, I will have to fuck and suck these cocks again as they feel divine and taste delicious!" as I ran my tongue up the entire length of Ben's cock.
Moving over toward Kris' cock I placed both semi erect cocks into my mouth and swirled my tongue around the ever growing glans.
"I need to get these hard as I'm desperate to be fucked in all holes again!" I delivered
Kris eased off the sofa and stood directly behind me.
My gaping ass and pussy on full display he eased his now erect cock deep into my stinging ass.
The palm of his right hand smacked my right butt cheek quite forcefully leaving my butt stinging and tingling.
"You're such a dirty slut. You're not leaving here until you're stinking of spunk!"
He smacked my ass once more and then proceeded to ride the ass off me.
Ben placed his cock in my screaming mouth and the guys spit roasted me for about twenty minutes.
I came twice during this onslaught and they were deep belly busting orgasms.
I was incredibly vocal during this session.
At first it was for the camera and my husband's benefit, but I got more and more into the role of dirty slut, that it just flowed out of me naturally.
"When you guys cum take some photos of us and then I'll change into another stripper outfit for you!"
"Do a striptease and we'll film you!" said Kris
Kris stopped fucking my ass long enough to let Ben get into position on the sofa and slide his cock into my vacant pussy.
I nestled onto Ben's cock as Kris fucked my ass with wild abandon.
Ben began to kiss me and his snake slid into my mouth.
I began to suck on his tongue as though it were a cock.
Ben's hands began to pay great attention to my pierced nipples as a huge orgasm swept through me. Kris said he was coming and was giving to empty his seed in my ass.
Ben indicated that he also was about to let fly.
I pushed my ass and pussy down on both cocks as their hot seed emptied inside me in complete unison.
Lifting my head back to allow me to breathe through this sexual frenzy I throatily begged them to empty their cocks deep inside me.
Both cocks kept emptying spunk into my holes for what seemed an eternity.
I continuously rode both cocks till they slid out of my cream-pied holes.
The smell of spunk filled the room as both guys, now out of me, lay back and watched me play with the cum in both of my holes.
Slipping my long nailed fingers in and out of both holes playing with the delightful cream pies,
I looked over at the guys and said.
"I'll freshen up and you two decide what outfit I do my striptease in and then fuck me in afterwards!"
Kris showed me where his bathroom was.
I removed my Basque, stockings and high heels and took a long luxurious shower.
As I stepped out of the shower, Kris handed me a soft towel and wrapped it around me.
"We've selected an outfit for which is laid out on my bed. Ben and I will wait in the Lounge for you. Do you want some music on?"
"Yeah a little sexy R&B music will be splendid!"
I walked into Kris' bedroom.
One wall was ceiling to floor mirrors facing the four poster bed which was the main focal point in the Bedroom.
Looks like Kris is still a serious player in the fucking stakes.
My outfit was indeed laid out on the bed. The guys had chosen a PVC Waspie with matching quarter cup PVC Bra.
My spiked high heel stroppy shoes I'd worn earlier were there also along with a shiny back pair of seamed stockings with elbow length soft black leather opera gloves.
The boys had chosen well.
I placed the PVC lingerie on my freshly douched body attaching the seamed stockings to the garter straps on the Waspie.
Slipping my stockinged toes into the stroppy slut shoes, I then pulled the opera gloves over my arms. I noticed the guys had never placed a thong or g string on the bed, but then after what we'd just done it did seem an exercise in futility.
I opened my handbag and applied my makeup, ensuring it was dark eye lids and rouged cheeks, looking as slutty as I possibly could.
I applied a large amount of lip gloss, tousled my hair and took one long look at my reflection.
My tits were jutting forward and my tan looked magnificent, outlined by the shiny black PVC I looked a total slut.
Very much like a whore ready to fuck her clients.
My pussy was still tingling from our earlier antics and the look I'd just engineered wasn't damping my libido in the slightest. I moved out of the bedroom and walked toward the lounge.
I gave a light knock on the door and told the guys to turn the music on and get the camera ready.
The music filled the room as I opened the lounge door and stepped inside in all my PVC glory.
The guys had a camera each and were taking snaps of me.
I played to the camera, taking up various posing positions, displaying my breasts in some shots, a brief glimpse of my shaved pussy in others.
I sat on a swivel chair and opened my legs revealing my slit and hole to the cameras.
The guys clicked away as I continued to play up to the cameras.
Kris still had the video remote control and ensured that the video lens followed me around the room, as I gyrated and twirled my private dance for my fuck friends.
My dance continued for about ten more minutes as I made sure both guys and all cameras got a good look at my open pussy and my spread ass.
The guys put the cameras down and we resumed our fuck fest. I lay on my back as Kris crawled between my legs and slid his magnificent cock deep inside my pussy. I looked directly into the camera as he fucked my cunt ferociously and said.
"His cock is brilliant and I'm going to take his spunk deep in my pussy. Watch as he stretches my cunt-lips to the max. He really knows how to use this cock and bring me to orgasm. I feel like a real dirty slut lying underneath him while he tears my pussy up! This guy loves my shaved pussy and my tight asshole. I'm going to give it to him and his friend regularly from now on. I think I'm in love with their cocks!"
This was said for my husband's benefit but it also did the trick on Kris.
He kissed me deeply then emptied the entire contents of his balls deep inside my pussy.
I could feel my cervix opening to receive all of his hot seed.
Kris climbed off me and Ben slid right inside instantly.
Ben kissed me with those gorgeous lips and his fantastic tongue snaking its way around my mouth. Ben fucked me slowly, giving me his entire length, in and out, in and out, fucking me, and devouring my cunt.
I placed my seamed stockinged legs around his waist and met every thrust he delivered.
My panting and breathing became more intense as Ben fucked me with wild abandon.
Looking into the camera I moaned softly as Ben fucked my pussy.
"This cock is divine and must be enjoyed regularly. I will fuck him and his friend together sometimes and other times just the two of us. His tongue is long and he knows how to lick my pussy and rim my ass. I'll be taking his two incredible lengths quite often so get ready for my cunt licked to an inch of its life. I'll also be sucking his cock when he comes to get his and his friends spunk in my mouth, just where it should be!"
Ben hinted that his balls were about to empty when I moved from beneath him, holding his almost erupting cock in my black leather opera gloves, slowly guiding his meat into my mouth as the spurts of fresh spunk flowed into my open and willing mouth.
Tonguing his exploding cock, I made sure the camera caught every spurt as I gulped his entire load hungrily.
I looked into the camera one last time and said
"It's now time for me and the guys to have some private time while we have a nice slow fuck and end the evening with a nice double penetration. I hope you enjoy this show!"
The camera was switched off and I and the guys did have a little slow fucking with both guys leaving cream pies in my ass and pussy.
I took another shower to clean myself off and put my Basque and stockings back on, placing my feet back into the spiked heel slut shoes and finally pulled the shiny black thong onto my well fucked pussy.
The guys had packed my bags and handed me a DVD of our fuck with all of the photographs they took of me.
A long lingering Kiss from each guy as I put on my Bolero jacket.
The guys gave me their numbers and email addresses, one last sexy kiss and feel, then I made my way into my car for the short journey home.
I gave hubby a text saying I would be home in about ten minutes with a nice surprise.
The drive home ended almost as quickly as it had begun and I pulled into my driveway.
As I got out of the car wearing my Basque and stockings, hubby opened the door.
"This looks interesting!" Hubby smiled looking at my stockinged legs walking up our drive.
Handing him the DVD I said.
"Oh it's very interesting!"