Ann and my daughter Chris have been friends since kindergarten; she was like one of the family and calls me dad.
she's a beautiful red head, super fun personality, medium height, smallish breasts, in excellent shape her passions of tennis, swimming, and yoga have all aided in that.
This occurred 7 years ago when the girls were 19.
This week the girls spent the weekend together at our house doing what teen girls do...laughter and craziness were their norm. My wife worked weekends so I was chief cook, bottle washer, and security! Mostly enjoying them enjoying life....occasionally we would venture out to the barn and enjoy a few bong hits together (wonder if that's why they liked hanging at our house??)
Chris had made an arraignment with my mother-in-law to borrow a rather large sum of dinero she would work with her on Sunday mornings cleaning an office building. Every week she was faithful in getting up early and working off her debt-this week was no different which left Ann and I home alone. This wasn't anything unusual either.
She knew she was free to sleep in and enjoy herself-our home was her home. She got up about 9:30 and came out all tousled hair in her jammy shorts and tank. After a brief "'morning dad" she grabbed a cup of coffee and plopped down on the couch with me.
I was watching a bit HGTVs curb appeal in my own casual wear, t shirt and boxers which my norm around the house for years. I couldn't help but notice Ann's delicious looking nipples saying good morning as they swelled under her tank. I'm not sure if she noticed me noticing her but soon excused herself to take a shower and get ready for her day.
As she headed to the bathroom I decided to head out to the barn and start my day with a bong hit all the while giving myself heck for perving on for all intents and purposes my daughter.
After a few hits I headed back into the house and heard the water still running-my brain followed the lead of my lower brain and went right to the thought of her nakedness getting all soaped up and my cock began to swell.
I had recently remodeled the bathroom and it came to mind I still didn't have the door trim up so there was a nice 3/8 inch gap to peek through.
I heard Ann turn off the water and made a beeline for the door! I went to my hands and knees and peeked through hoping to get my first view of this hot lithe redhead naked...
First she drew back the curtain which ran parallel to my line of sight and reached out for her towel on the vanity. Soon her right leg was out of the tub and on the floor giving me my first view of her ass-my cock was raging.
I reached down and wrapped my hand around my shaft (the joy of easy access with boxers!) and slowly stroked myself as I watched her run the towel down her left leg which she had on the tubs edge. As she turned slightly I got a quick glimpse of her pussy... (Did I see wispy fiery red hairs) and the side of her left boob-beautiful!!
As she stepped out of the tub completely she had her back to me-damn! She continued to towel off and bent over - her beautiful pussy was only 3 feet away saying good morning to my pervy eyes! My precum was flowing as I continued to stroke wondering how much longer I could watch-and how much I could stand before I would cum!
She stood back up and brushed her hair back and shivered as water fell on her from the brush. She picked the towel off the counter and finally faced me giving me my first full glimpse of her beautiful body. I let out a low quiet moan-did she see me??
She toweled all over and surprised me with putting her right leg up on the tubs edge which opened her pussy fully to me! She DID have soft wispy red hair lightly covering above her lips...heaven. She took a bit of time drying her leg and then ran her fingers over/through her pussy and I could hear her gasp...
She took the towel and dabbed at her pussy-trying to dry her flowing juices...I couldn't stand it any longer and backed away from the door and made my way back to the couch on shaky legs with a hard on in my hands and my balls aching for release.
I grabbed a kitchen towel off and spread it over my tummy as I took my shaft in hand and stroked its full length with my right hand and rubbed my balls with my left...using the full flow of precum for lube I was in masturbatory heaven and son shot streams of cum all over the towel.
After cleaning myself I got up and threw the towel into the laundry and got a fresh cup of coffee trying to get back to normal so that I could face Ann when she came out