When money got tight, the family had to move to a smaller house. The twins, Liam and Emma, were in their final year at school, having turned 18 earlier that year. Exams were coming up, and they didn't need any more stress at home.
When the parents found a house within their budget, they broke the news to their kids: it had only one bedroom for the two of them.
"You two will be moving out of home soon, we should imagine, to go off to university," their mother explained.
The twins weren't happy about the turn of events. Surely a teenage boy and girl need separate bedrooms!
Nevertheless, before long, the family were unpacking their stuff in the new house.
"It sure is cosy," Liam intoned.
"I like it," their mum said. "It's a bit like the one we had back in Liverpool," she said to her husband, who was just carrying a big cardboard box in over the threshold.
"Before interest rates took it off us," he replied. "Not our first rodeo," he said to the twins, handing the box to Liam.
The twins went to their room together. There were two single beds, one for each.
"It could be worse," Emma said. "We could be in the same bed."
Liam, already over six foot tall, cast a grim expression at the bed nearest the door. "Not sure that would be worse." He dropped the cardboard box on the floor next to the bed. There was barely floorspace for it. "We're right on top of each other in here," he said.
Once he was done unpacking his things, Liam went to jump in the shower. The house had one bathroom for the whole family to share, across the hallway from the twins' room.
Sauntering back to the room with his towel wrapped around his waist, he found Emma still unpacking things and putting them in appropriate places around her side of the room.
Liam cleared his throat. "Erm, do you mind if I get changed in here?"
Emma glanced over at him, her gaze flicking back and forth between his face and the towel around his waist. Trying not to blush, she coolly said, "Oh, sure."
Liam could feel the heat in his face as he unwrapped the towel around his waist. His teenage genitals felt awfully exposed with his sister just standing there.
Of course, it wasn't the first time she'd seen him naked. Siblings should be able to be naked around each other, surely. Nevertheless, it was an awkward reveal. Part of him wanted her just to get a good look so it could all be over with.
Clearing his throat, "I guess you've not seen me naked since we were little kids," he said, hanging the towel up on the side of the cupboard.
She glanced over again. There it was, her brother's penis, dangling, uncut, unshaved, right before her eyes. Her gaze lingered on it for only a moment. She quickly turned back to what she was doing, "No," she said, "I guess not."
That night, before bed, Emma took a shower of her own, and came back to the bedroom wrapped in a towel.
Liam was already under his duvet, reading a book.
She cleared her throat and dropped the towel.
Liam glanced over and took a wandering look at her body for the longest four seconds of Emma's life, all without a word, to her great relief, then quickly found his book very interesting again.
She pulled some panties and a t-shirt out of the drawers in the cupboard, pulled them on and got into bed. The ordeal was over. The twins had seen each other's private parts and nothing bad had happened.
"Sleep tight, Liam," Emma said, rolling away from him.
"Sleep tight, Emma."
One evening, Liam got home from school and Emma was on her bed, studying. There was no desk space in the house, apart from in the kitchen. She had always preferred to study on her bed anyway.
After he showered, he went into the room and collapsed naked on his bed. "Emma," he said, "would you mind if I just lay here naked for a while? I'm exhausted."
She didn't want to come across enthusiastic about it. "Oh," she said, "sure. I don't mind."
When Liam closed his eyes, she took the opportunity to perv a little. She quite liked the look of his flaccid penis there, just out, just lying over his leg.
Getting a good look for the first time in her life, she decided she liked how it looked. Her brother's penis was handsome, or maybe handsome wasn't quite the right word. Either way, peeking gave her a delicious feeling. He would never know she'd done it.
One evening, later that week, Emma found herself "bottomless", wearing only a bra, rummaging through the drawers in the bedroom cupboard, looking for a specific pair of panties.
Suddenly she became aware that, bent over like this, she was pointing her asshole and pussy directly at her brother, who was studying for exams on his bed. She turned to see if he was peeking.
He was in the middle of reading a photocopy of something or other - not one of her subjects - which had flopped back over his legs. Seeing her eyes on him he flicked it back up and stared hard at it, avoiding her gaze, going red in the face.
He had been peeking, the big perv! How would he like it if she perved at him? Of course, she had already perved at him, the other day when he was lying on the bed naked, so maybe she couldn't really judge. Fair enough, maybe she'd cut him some slack, but she sure wasn't going to feel bad about ogling his bits when he wasn't looking.
Now that she thought of it, did she really mind if he took a peek at her pussy and asshole every now and again? It didn't fail to occur to her that, were she that way inclined, she could bend over and point her pussy and asshole at him like this every day if she wanted. He would never know if she was doing it deliberately.
Soon enough the twins got used to seeing each other's bits more than usual. There was only one problem: Liam seemed to be semi-hard a lot of the time, whenever he was naked. Sometimes he would go about with a full-blown erection. Emma could hardly help herself in those circumstances. One evening, she was in the bath when he walked into the bathroom.
He said something she didn't hear.
"What's that?" she said.
Raising herself from the water, she was greeted with the sight of his tumescent penis inches from her face.
"How long are you going to be in?" he said. "Just deciding whether to put my sweaty clothes back on."
It took her a while to process what he'd said. She realised she was staring at his hard-on, and looked quickly up at his face. He didn't seem to have noticed.
"Yes," she replied. "I was just about to get out. You stay like that. Stay right here if you'd like," and she pulled the plug.
Being exams period, both Liam and Emma had reduced contact hours, meaning they were often home at the same time while their parents were at work.
When they were at home, the twins were supposed to be studying. Unfortunately, with the tight household budget, they didn't get a lot of entertainment. Unbeknownst to each other, they both spent a lot of their time masturbating.
Liam entered the bedroom one afternoon to find Emma lying under the covers on her bed. She blinked at him, as though she had been dozing, and drew a hand out from under the covers, to press a palm to one eye. He saw the sticky liquid on her fingers, knew what it was, and knew what it meant.
He said nothing. She would never know what he had seen. The image would persist in his mind the rest of the afternoon. He thought of nothing else when he jacked off later that night.
Liam would often touch his bits through his track pants in front of his sister. At first, he did so absentmindedly, and stopped when he caught himself doing it. Before long, however, he caught his sister watching out of the corner of his eye. Encouraged, he started touching himself deliberately, playing with his dick, or touching himself while he was naked, seeing what she would let him get away with. She never said anything.
Instead, she started going about the house more and more wearing only a t-shirt. The t-shirt seemed to get shorter and shorter, and she seemed always to be bending over in front of him, or sitting with her legs spread, exposing her pretty pink vulva to his view.
Liam and Emma were both virgins. They were both adults, to be sure, but they were both horny teenagers too, and inexperienced with naked bodies their own age. As much as they maintained a disinterested facade, they both appreciated having a model of the other sex at hand.
Emma sometimes got self-conscious. A single "weird pussy" or "weird butt" comment coming back to her from their friends would be devastating. Of course, realistically, she knew that any such comment from Liam would make him the pervert in their friends' eyes; and Liam, meanwhile, understood that it was not in his interest to jeopardise the privileged position he was in (seeing his sister's boobs and butt and pussy every day).
All told, an unspoken peaceful agreement arose between the twins rather more easily than either had expected. They would do their best to be discreet, and if either caught the other showing off, or getting an eyeful, they would both deny it.
As far as anyone knew, they were completely normal teenagers: they lived with their parents, hung out with their friends, went to school and studied for exams. In reality, they were completely normal teenagers in the other sense, i.e. horny sex perverts.
Before long, the fateful day arrived when the parents would be leaving the house for the weekend, to see friends in Warwickshire. They'd be leaving Saturday morning, staying overnight and returning Sunday.
"Now," their dad said over dinner the Friday night, "I don't want any messy house parties. If you're going to have friends over, make sure to clean up before we're back."
The twins glanced at each other across the table, exchanging a quick but meaningful look.
That night, after showering, Liam went into the bedroom to find his sister naked on the bed, playing on her phone. When she saw him, she jumped up and walked over to join him at the wardrobe.
Side by side, going through drawers and cupboards, they chatted with each other, both completely naked, both a little hard (nipples and penis, respectively).
Something had changed between them, even if neither were conscious of it. For the first time in the months they had been living in the new house, they felt genuinely comfortable with each other naked.
The following morning, Emma was the first to wake. The parents were already gone. She looked at Liam lying peacefully in his bed. She was wet already, thinking about what she wanted to do to him. She imagined his fit young body, naked under the sheets. She imagined crawling into his bed with him and touching him.
She walked from the bedroom, totally naked, to the shower, and got straight in. As the hot water came down over her body, she ran her hands over her skin, feeling incredibly sexy. How she yearned for her brother to see her that way. How she yearned for him to say something, anything. She imagined what she would do if he did.
She returned to the bedroom. Liam was awake. She hung her towel on the cupboard and turned to him.
"Good morning," she said.
"Good morning," he said, giving her body a sly look.
"I thought I'd simply go about naked today, if that's alright with you."
"Don't see why not," he replied.
"Will you join me?"
"It's an idea," he said, pulling the covers off his naked body and getting out of bed. "Let me see how I feel after a shower."
Soon the twins were hanging out together, completely naked, in the lounge room, with the TV on.
"Liam," Emma said to him, "I have a confession to make. I've been peeking at you."
Liam made a wry grin. "I've been peeking at you too."
"I need to know," she said. "Do you like what you see?"
"I do. Do you like what you see on me?"
"Very much so," she said. "I love seeing your penis, especially when it's hard," she said. "I could stare at it for hours."
"Well," he replied, "I could stare at your pussy for hours."
"Would you like to? I mean, right now."
"I would."
"Stand up for me."
Liam got to his feet and stood before her, his dick getting harder by the second.
She got off the couch and onto her knees, crawling over to him until her face was level with his hard cock.
"It's so big," she said. In reality, Liam's penis was a pretty average length, but she didn't know any better. "Can I touch it?"
"Please."
She reached out and wrapped her hand around her brother's penis. Stroking the shaft slowly for a few moments, she watched the foreskin roll and unroll gently over the head.
"Does that hurt?" she said.
"No," he replied, "it feels good."
"Do you want to touch my pussy?"
"Please."
Emma got back on the couch and spread her legs for him. He got on his knees on the floor and went over to the couch. She scooched her butt forward on the cushions so her pussy was right in front of his face.
"Can you see everything alright?"
"Yes," he said.
He reached out furtively and touched his fingertips to her, running them up and down her slit.
"It's so soft!" he said.
As her pussy lips parted slowly under his touch, his fingers started to collect the sticky fluids he'd seen on his sister's fingers those couple of months ago.
"It's wet!" He said. "Are you horny?"
She smirked. "My big brother is touching me between my legs, I'm hornier than I have ever been."
"I'll admit I don't really know what I'm doing down here. Can you show me around?"
Emma moaned. "Absolutely."
She gave her brother a brief introduction to the parts of the pussy and their relative erogeneity which I don't need to repeat here.
Liam put his new knowledge into practice for a while, then asked, "So... you're hot for your big brother?"
"I never thought of you sexually," she replied, "until I saw your penis, and especially when I saw it hard. All big and horny like that, it was like, fuck, I don't even know how to describe it."
Liam smirked, but said nothing.
"That said, I've always wondered what your penis looked like. I imagined it a lot. Speaking of which," she said, "I want to touch you again. Get up on the couch with me."
"Where do you want me?"
"I want your dick as close to my face as possible."
Before too long, they worked out a serviceable 69 arrangement on the couch, Liam lying on his back, Emma on her hands and knees over him.
Liam moaned. "Your pussy smells so good. I kind of want to lick it."
"Go for it," she said. "Don't forget the clit."
He gave his sister a long lick down her slit from top to bottom. He found it difficult to get a good handle on her clit with his tongue while she was jacking him off, but he did his best.
"May I suck you?" she asked him.
"Please."
She wrapped her lips around the head of his cock. She wasn't very good at it, but to him it felt amazing, soft and wet and warm, unlike anything he had ever felt. It didn't take him long to come hard, filling his little sister's mouth with cum.
"Oh, Emma," he sighed. "Oh my god. That was amazing. You can suck my dick whenever you want."
She got off him to go and spit his cum in the sink.
When she got back, the first thing Liam said was, "Sorry, that sounded selfish."
"No," she assured him, "I loved sucking your dick and I want to suck your dick again and I am going to suck your dicka lotfrom now on." Getting back on the couch, "Now," she said, "I'mso close. Please eat me out again, on your knees like when you were touching me before."
Liam dutifully complied, pressing his face to her drenched pussy scooched forward on the couch cushions.
"Maybe stick some fingers in," she suggested.
Liam did so, sucking and licking her clit while sliding his fingers in and out of her vagina.
"Yes," she said. "That's perfect. Keep doing the exact same thing."
Liam stared, bright-eyed, from his position between her legs, at his naked sister's nubile body, her breasts heaving as she bucked against his face and fingers. She squeezed her breasts and played with her nipples.
"Yes," she said. Then, "yes!" Then, finally, "Yes!" and with a long, low moan and a cascade of full-body contractions, her pussy squeezing his fingers hard enough almost to break them, she came. She let out a long sigh. "Fuck," she said. "Big brother. Just, fuck."
For a while, then, the twins cuddled on the couch, Emma lying on her brother, touching each others' chests with their hands.
"Did we just do something wrong?" Liam asked her.
"Yes," she said confidently, "definitely. I think we should do it again, too. I think we should do ita lot."
Liam was silent for a long time, squeezing one of her boobs and stroking her hair. "Can I fuck you?" he finally asked.
"I'll confess," she replied, "I wanted that penis of yours inside my vagina the moment I first saw it."
Liam laughed. "The day we moved into the house," he said. All at once, he realised the same was true for him. He had never admitted it to himself, but the moment she'd dropped the towel in the bedroom, that very first night, he had wanted his penis inside her vagina.
"Should we get some condoms?" he finally asked.
"Just cum in me, big brother. I have been on the pill for years."
"Oh, really?"
"It's pretty standard, lots of girls go on birth control at 16."
"Oh, wow," he said. "Wow."
"Yeah," she agreed, giving him a sly nod, eyebrows raised. She wanted nothing more, in that moment, than for her big brother to fill her quivering vagina with semen. Her pussy ached for her brother's cock, ached for her brother's cum, and she would not be satisfied until it was done.
Liam, meanwhile, was the hardest he had ever been, and, likely, would ever be again. Incest. Actual sister fucking, for the very first time: it was the hottest thing his adolescent mind could conceive.
They would take each other's virginity.
She looked down at his engorged erection, now so red she could practically hear his pulse in his cock. "That looks like a yes to me."
"What's that?" he said.
"Oh, Liam. You silly, silly boy. Fuck me now. Fuck your little sister and cum inside me. I want that red hot throbbing cock deep inside me and I want itnow," pushing him over on the couch so she could lie on her back.
Liam didn't need any more encouragement. He got on his knees between her legs and lined his cock up with her dripping wet hole.
"I've never done this before," he said.
"Me either," she said. "Push hard. It will work."
Pressing the head of his penis against the entrance to her vagina, he pushed forward, slowly but insistently. If there was any "cherry" to pop, Liam didn't feel anything, and neither did she. Soon the head of his cock was inside her.
"Is that OK?" he said.
"It's amazing," she said. "Keep going."
Over the course of six seconds, he slid the full length of his cock into her, pressing up against the back of her vagina at the same time his balls touched her taint.
"Yes," she moaned. "It's so deep."
Liam was in ecstasy. His little sister's tiny wet vagina wrapped tight around his very hard penis, he was about to thrust. He was about to fuck his sister and cum.
Then, he did it, at first slowly, then a little faster.
"Yes, Liam," she said, "good boy. Good boy!"
Liam was moaning low and steadily, oblivious to his own actions, aware only of the intense sensation around his cock, and his sister's breasts bouncing in front of his face as he fucked her. Faster. Harder.
"Silly boy," she cried out. "Silly little boy. We could have been fucking all this time. We're going to fuck so much. We're going tofuck, we're going to-" she cried out sharply, then, the wave coming in around her, suddenly, "we're going... I'm going... I'm... CUMMING!"
Emma's pussy walls contracted tight around Liam's cock. The sensation set his body on fire, like a million tiny light bulbs lighting up at the same time. She was squeezing all the cum out of him. He couldn't tell if his eyes were open or closed.
After about a minute of simultaneous orgasm during which neither of the twins was particularly conscious of their surroundings, they both came back to earth, slowly, together.
It was done. Liam kept his now softening cock inside his sister's pussy for a long time. He showered her face and lips with kisses. They kissed passionately, entwined in each other's bodies. It felt right at the time.
Then, finally, he pulled out, and his cum came rushing out of her.
"Oh god," she said, "it's a lot."
She had nothing to compare it to, but it was, in fact, a lot. When their father had told them to clean up any mess before the parents got back, even the twins hadn't anticipated what kind of mess they'd be cleaning up.
Liam and Emma both received a huge confidence boost that day. They continued to lick and suck and fuck each other for the rest of their lives, in the short term frequently, as they got older less frequently, on special occasions.
No-one would ever know about their illicit affair, not even the people they ended up marrying. As they got older, they kept an unspoken understanding, between them, that fucking each other wasn't cheating. It was the only exception.
They went off to different universities, but they did so confident in their lovemaking ability, and confident in the knowledge that, if ever either were going through a dry patch, or otherwise just needed some loving, it was only ever a train ride away.