Our Journey Part 8

A note from the author: For those of you who are new to our tale, Heather and I adopted a hotwife/swinger lifestyle several years ago. This series is a retelling of some of the events that took place along the way. We understand that our choice of lifestyle isn't for everyone but hope that you enjoy our story.
To those of you who enjoy our story and take the time to give feedback, thank you!!
Our lives stayed crazy for a while after the gang bang. It wasn't the manic level of new sexual encounters every single day like it was during the week-long sex bender we'd been on, but it was still far beyond our previous norm. Especially for Heather. She was treating the car dealership where she worked part-time as a receptionist as a porn set, with herself as the star.
What I mean by that is that it was more than just lots of her recording herself getting fucked at work. The atmosphere felt like a porn movie. Picture a brunette porn actress with big tits and a nice ass playing a receptionist. That outfit you see in your minds eye; that's what she started routinely wearing to work. The thin plot lines that lead to outrageous sex? Yeah, it felt that way. All the recent events had boosted her confidence in both how she looked and what she wanted to new heights. And being around so many men who eagerly pursued, and even competed with each other to be with her was sexually intoxicating. Couple that with her increasingly wanton desires and steadily decreasing inhibitions, and you got porn star mode Heather.
It felt surreal, and even a little silly. Her clothes were almost as revealing as the slutty outfit I had made her wear for the Hotwife challenge she accepted a little while ago. Any pretense at modesty or professionalism was just gone. I felt that she could have carried a sign to work that read "I'm just here for cock" and it wouldn't have been more obvious. I joked that she could just skip putting panties on in the morning, and that earned me a stern look.
"I have to wear panties," she said as she looked at me levelly, "so that I can take them off for someone."
She had turned her panties into trophies for her lovers at the dealership. She would remove them in the unused parts room where she filmed all her encounters and leave them with whoever she was with at the time.
Over the next three weeks following the sex bender, Heather worked eight shifts at the dealership. She dressed like a horny slut for all eight shifts and left her panties behind each day. The unused parts room was suddenly seeing lots of use. Someone made a reference to it being like the closet in the "seven minutes in heaven" game, and someone else turned that into "seven minutes in Heather".
The name was clever, if not entirely accurate. While most of the encounters were quickies, they generally lasted longer than seven minutes. Two of them lasted considerably longer.
One was a session with Earl that ended with him lying on his back on the floor while she rode his thick black cock to one moaning orgasm after another for over thirty minutes. The second one was an encounter with both Nick and Rodney together. Rodney seemed to have gotten over his worries about fooling around at work and spent almost forty minutes spit-roasting her with Nick. Heather had stripped mostly naked for both of those videos. I say 'mostly' because she liked to leave her heels on.
The rational part of my mind had been nagging at me since the end of our crazy week, and it was getting harder to ignore it. This insane behavior felt increasingly irresponsible and foolish. It was too brazen and too many people were involved.
I decided to speak with her about it one night. I stayed up late waiting for her to get home, something that I found myself doing more frequently than I used to. She came through the door and greeted me with a smile. Even in her work attire for her manufacturing job, she was stunning to look at. She gave me a sensual kiss, biting my bottom lip playfully before handing me her phone as she headed into our room to undress.
I walked to the computer to plug her phone into it so that I could transfer the video that I had expected before she even arrived home. This was the fifth time that she had worked at the dealership before going to her full-time job at the manufacturing plant, so I was now used to getting at least one video from these shifts.
This particular encounter was the session with Earl that I mentioned, about halfway through the three week period after the gang bang. The video showed Heather wearing a tight fitting white button-down shirt that already had so many buttons unfastened that you could clearly see the top of the cups of her red bra in her cleavage. Her grey pencil skirt was easily as short as the one she had worn during the challenge.
"Doesn't anyone say anything about how you are dressed for work?" I asked in a voice that carried through the open doorway to our bedroom as I watched her on-screen presence remove her top and bra, freeing her big round tits. I glanced at the runtime of the video that was displayed in the bottom corner of the screen. "Or say anything about how long you are gone from your desk?"
She didn't answer right away, as I watched the image of her unzip her skirt and let it fall around her ankles, leaving her in her tiny red thong panties. I could see that they had a wet spot on them as she peeled them off, revealing her sexy bald slit.
"Damn girl," Earl said as he took off his pants. The fat dick that came into view was getting visibly stiffer as he admired her enticing curves.
Heather stepped to him with the corners of her mouth quirking in a sexy grin as she unconsciously bit her bottom lip. She pressed her panties into his hand as she sank to her knees before him. She barely warmed up the task at all, flicking her tongue across his bulbous head once before opening her mouth and swallowing his thick shaft in a single motion.
"God, I love the way your dick tastes," she murmured huskily as she took him from her mouth for a moment before sliding her lips back down his length, moaning in satisfaction.
It was then that Heather walked out of our bedroom. She had taken off the mechanic's style work shirt that the manufacturing plant made her wear along with her jeans and bra. She had put the heels that she wore earlier at the car dealership back on, along with a new pair of white panties. I tore my eyes away from the computer screen to stare at her as she approached me. She swiveled my chair sideways toward her when she reached me as she knelt on the floor between my legs.
"The only one who says anything about how naughty I'm being," she said as she worked to undo my belt, "is you." She smiled as she pulled my hard cock from my pants. "And you don't seem very concerned right now." She leaned forward to drag her tongue up the underside of my dick.
"Fuuuck," I groaned as she closed her lips around the head of my cock before sliding them down it's length. Her on screen image had already stopped sucking Earl and was lying on her back on the floor. She spread her legs wide. Her pussy was open like a beautiful lewd flower, her inner lips glistening with her wetness. Earl wasted no time in kneeling between her legs and sliding his thick cock right into her, pulling a loud moan from deep within her.
"Ohhh, yes!" she said as he bottomed out inside her. "Do you feel how wet I am for your big dick? I love how much you stretch me out."
I noticed that Heather hadn't even bothered suggesting a condom. We had made a poor attempt at trying to use them earlier in the weeks preceding this, but it had been short-lived. Things had heated up and she had been fucked without using them on more than one occasion. Now it was like cheating on a diet; once you've had one cookie, it was easy to rationalize eating the rest of the box.
The video showed that she had her hands on her own tits, pulling lightly on her erect nipples as Earl steadily sawed his big cock in and out of her channel. I could see that she was already heading for her first orgasm. This was my favorite thing about these videos. Not only was it extremely hot watching the taboo act of my wife getting fucked by another man, but her orgasms were wonderous to behold. They would be multiple, they would be filled with energy and lust, and they would be real. Watching her toes curl as she came hard on a cock that was deep inside her was a sight that I knew I would never tire of. Listening to her cry out as a powerful orgasm ripped through her was a sound that I always wanted to hear.
The stimulation of the blow job along with the video made it hard to think about my concerns. Heather's intense arousal was infectious and listening to her cum washed away my worries. I looked down at my beautiful wife as she bobbed her head in my lap, then back at her on screen.
They were switching positions. Heather was having Earl lie on his back so she could ride him. I watched as she held his cock upright, placing his thick head against her opening before she slid down his entire length. She then leaned forward and braced her arms against his chest as she began to ride him. The camera was positioned perfectly to show her pussy stretched around his girth as she repeatedly drove herself down on him with a wet smack.
"He really does have a very nice cock," she said softly as she took her lips from my shaft and glanced up at the screen.
I marveled at her. She was so gorgeous. Her brunette hair perfectly framed her lovely face. My gaze traveled down her smooth back to her round ass that was barely encased in the thin white panties she had put on. Her green eyes left the screen and looked up at me.
"But it's not your favorite cock," I said as I looked into her lustful gaze.
She flashed a mischievous grin and subconsciously bit her lower lip before responding. "No, it's not my favorite cock."
I wasn't taking about myself. I was talking about Doug. Doug was another coworker of hers at the dealership, a salesman who wasn't part of the group she was meeting in the parts room. Naively, I didn't think he knew about that. Most of Heather's trysts with Doug were happening at hotels.
There were three things that made Doug her favorite. The first was his actual cock. The length was impressive, but it was the girth that was the real factor. His shaft was very thick, and more than that, it was topped by a head that flared out even wider like a mushroom. When he moved that thick head back and forth inside Heather, he stimulated her in places nobody else did and it drove her wild. The second thing was his impressive stamina. We didn't know if it was natural, like our friend Josh, or if he took something for it. I suspected the latter. Either way, he could last decently long, and was ready to go again soon after her came. The third thing that made Doug her favorite was his attitude. He was arrogant. He was average height and appearance, and even a bit overweight, so I figured this stemmed from his big dick. He treated Heather like she was his personal whore, only there for his gratification. It made her feel even sluttier than she already did, which aroused her further.
I wasn't threatened by Doug. I knew that what Heather and I had was special. We had amazing sex together, and we knew very well how to please each other. And part of that was the mental and emotional thrill we got from our extramarital activities. Our dynamic worked so well because she loved to show off and act slutty, and I loved to see it. The more turned on she got, the sluttier she became. And the sluttier she became, the more I needed to see it.
As hot as the gang bang video had been to watch, I had decided that the videos with Doug were actually hotter. In a moment of passion during their first hotel meeting, she had offered to be his willing slut and spread her legs for him whenever he wished. He had taken her up on that, scheduling rendezvous at the same hotel on two other occasions since then. The second time had been during a time when she was supposed to have been at her full-time job, which we recognized as a play on his part to make her submit to him.
And submit, she did. Heather willfully showed up and did whatever Doug asked. On a scale of one-to-ten, I would have rated her constant state of arousal at a ten during this time period. Her encounters with Doug pushed her to a twenty. Her pussy started to get wet every time she received a text instructing her to meet him and it was practically dripping down her legs by the time she arrived. The sex she had with him was absolutely primal. Thankfully she recorded these encounters as well, using a small fancy camera that resembled a key fob.
The level of energy and raw lust in these videos was astounding. My dick got hard as steel every time I rewatched them. One of my favorite scenes showed her lying on her back with her head towards the camera. Doug knelt between her open legs, holding them as wide as they would go as he repeatedly slammed his cock into her. The camera perfectly captured her inner lips tightly gripping his shaft as he pumped in and out of her. She was arching her back so hard that her massive tits jutted prominently upward and the cords on her neck stood out. Her nipples were so erect that they looked like they hurt, as she moaned in ecstasy.
"Fuck yes! I'm going to cum on your big dick!" she said, breathlessly.
"You are the horniest slut I know," Doug grunted as he thrust into her.
"I am!" she agreed, almost panting. "I love your big fucking cock! I love how you split me open and fill me!" She suddenly arched her back even harder as she started to climax. "Oh, God!!"
I could see that Doug's cock looked even wetter as her pussy gushed around his shaft. He grunted again as he buried his length in her and held it there as he pulsed his load deep inside her.
Heather's voice cracked mid-moan as her orgasm increased in intensity when she felt his seed flood her insides. "Yes! Give it to me! Oh, give it to me!"
..............................
The service techs and salesmen at the dealership weren't the only men that Heather was having sex with. She also maintained a casual relationship with a few lovers amongst her coworkers at the manufacturing plant that was her full-time job. It wasn't as intense of an environment as the dealership was. To start with, there was a dress code that she was required to follow, including a mechanic's style uniform work shirt. Secondly, there wasn't really a good place or time for on-the-job sex at the plant. She had teased one coworker and fucked another one in a small room that they stored the uniform shirts in, but those had been isolated incidents.
Still, even though the environment didn't encourage it like the dealership did, Heather's constant state of arousal kept her looking for more. The fact that any time she worked at the dealership prior to her shift at the plant meant that she spent the day without any panties on under her jeans certainly helped keep her slut-fire burning.
The coworker she had fucked in the uniform room was named Tyler. He was a young, attractive black man who had offered to film another encounter with her at his house. He had been in a minor car accident the day that they were supposed to meet up, so it had ended up being the week after the gang bang that he and Heather had been able to get together.
I had high hopes for this video based off the hot session that had already taken place between them in the uniform room. It sure started off promisingly enough. Tyler positioned the camera on his headboard, so it showed a great point of view of Heather entering his room completely naked and crawling on top of him as he lay on his back.
She dragged her tongue up his length from his balls to the tip of his cock, then wrapped her lips around his bulbous head and swallowed all of him. The moan that she pulled from his lips was a strong testament of how good it felt. She began to bob her head, pumping his shaft with her mouth, but didn't go for very long before he stopped her and flipped her over on her back. He scooted down so that his face was between her legs and began to eagerly eat her pussy. I smiled when I saw her eyebrows raise up at his enthusiasm. This didn't last long either before he moved up between her legs and shoved his hard cock into her.
He began to kiss her, letting her taste herself on his lips as he began to thrust into her forcefully. But just when the pitch of her moans told me that a climax was approaching, he suddenly pulled out and moved his mouth back down to her pussy. I wondered if he was intentionally teasing her. He licked her and sucked her clit for a short while, then resumed fucking her. He once again got her approaching the brink of release, then stopped to eat her pussy some more. I could see the frustration on her face as he kept switching.
Heather was in our bedroom while I watched this on the computer. "It doesn't seem like you cared for his technique," I said loudly toward our doorway. "Was he trying to tease you?"
I heard her snort before she appeared in the doorway. "No," she replied, "it just turns out he was trying not to cum." She shook her head. "Our time together in the uniform room didn't take very long, if you recall. I just didn't notice or care because I was all revved up from a day of insanity, so I came as fast and hard as he did." She sighed, "But, that seems to be the limit of his staying power," she smirked at me, "as you're about to see."
The image on screen showed him push inside her again. She suddenly grabbed his shoulders and rolled him over onto his back before he knew what was happening. She then sat up with her hands braced against his chest as she started to ride him in earnest. His eyes got wide, and he seemed like he was at a loss for what to say. I could see him losing the battle to restrain himself and he tensed as he came with a groan.
..............................
While all of this was going on with Heather, I was also still seeing Ginger occasionally. It was nowhere near as frequent as the multiple sessions that my wife was racking up, but I still saw her outside of work about once a week.
I found that I liked to push her boundaries. She had become so much bolder since we had started seeing each other, and it made me wonder how much more there was to her.
One day, I had her meet me at the movie theater right after work. Our shift started early in the morning, so most people were still at work when we got off in the early afternoon. Despite going to the theater straight from work, I noticed that she had found somewhere to quickly change her clothes. She wore jean shorts that only covered her ass, and a white tank top that displayed lots of cleavage for her lovely C cups. Her hard nipples poking through the fabric told me that there wasn't a bra under the top.
"This seems like an odd choice," she said after we met in the parking lot. "This feels sort of like a date, but I thought our relationship is only sexual." Her blue eyes appraised me as I led her towards the front of the building.
"I take it that means you've never fucked in a movie theater before," I said with a wry grin.
Her face showed mild shock as she answered, "No, I haven't. And I'm not sure that I'm ready to start doing that now."
"Just relax," I said, "I promise it will be fine. We're not here to see the hottest new release, and it's the middle of the day during the work week. We might be the only people in there."
She still seemed skeptical, but I noticed that she never stopped following along with me despite her little protest. There were a few other people in the theater, but nobody was on the back row which is where I wanted to be. I selected two seats off to the side of the projector window against the back that were fairly isolated from the rest of the movie goers.
As soon as the lights went down, I leaned towards her and started to kiss her sensually. I took it slow, kissing her while I ran her blonde ringlets through my fingers before eventually bringing one of my hands to her soft breasts and lightly teasing her nipples through her shirt. They were already stiff, and as I felt them harden further, I traced my fingers down to her bare legs. I began to softly caress her inner thighs, but then saw her own hands reach for the button to her shorts. As she pulled them open, I smiled and slid my fingers under the waistband of her panties.
She was already soaking wet and she began to roll her hips against my hand as I slipped a finger between her inner folds. I hooked my finger back towards myself as I probed for her G spot and felt her whole body tense with a sharp intake of breath as I hit my target. I continued to use my fingers on her as our tongues twirled together, bringing her to a small orgasm. Then I broke our kiss and moved to kneel on the hard concrete floor in front of her. I grabbed the waistband of her shorts and panties with both hands and made eye contact with her as I began to pull them down. She wordlessly raised her hips, allowing me to pull her shorts and panties down her legs in one motion. I worked them past her shoes, then held them up before her. While maintaining eye contact, I tossed them a few seats to the side of us without looking to see where they landed. I grinned to myself as I saw her eyes widen in shock, then bent over to bring my lips to her wet pussy.
I teased her some more at first, running my tongue up her slit and probing softly into her slick opening before I began to suck gently on her clit while I flicked it with my tongue. I felt both her hands settle into the back of my head as she rolled her hips again, pressing her mound into my face. Her soft moan felt louder than it probably was.
I grabbed her ass with both of my hands and squeezed it as I ate her, pushing her toward another climax. She tightened her hands into fists, gripping my hair and using it to pull my face up and away from her pussy. I looked toward her face, noticing that her cheeks looked flushed in the weak light from the screen.
"I need you to fuck me right now," she said softly.
"Lose your top, and I will," I replied.
For some reason, I expected a bit of resistance from her. But instead, she pulled her tank top off over her head without any hesitation. She held it for a second and I saw her lips quirk in a small smile before she tossed it a few seats away, in the opposite direction that I had thrown her panties and shorts.
I quickly opened my fly and placed my hands under her open legs, pulling her further down in the seat so that her pussy was right at the edge. I leaned forward and slid my hard cock right into her slick tunnel. I brought my lips to hers, stifling her moans with my mouth.
The cement floor hurt my knees, but I didn't care as I pumped in and out of her tight, wet pussy. We had been together enough times that I was able to tell that she was getting close to another orgasm, and I tried to increase my pace to push her over the edge.
"Stop for a second," she said suddenly as she broke our kiss and placed her hands on my shoulders, pushing me back from her. "Let me up."
I stopped and pulled out of her, scooting to the side to allow her to get out of her chair. She took a step forward and bent over the chair in front of her. She turned and looked at me as she arched her back, sticking her round ass up.
I was a bit taken back from this. Now she was pushing my boundaries, and I struggled a little with the role reversal. I'm definitely a voyeur. Watching is my main turn on, and along with that I like being in control and orchestrating the situation. Setting up the Hotwife challenge and picking my wife's outfit had made watching the events that unfolded because of it even hotter. Exhibitionism was not my thing, and I was suddenly much more conscious of the other theater patrons.
Ginger could see me hesitating and smirked at me. "Come on, this was your idea," she said softly as she wiggled her naked ass invitingly. I knew she wasn't going to back down from this.
"Oh well," I thought to myself, "we've already come this far."
Feeling a weird mix of apprehension and excitement, I quickly stood up and moved into position behind her. I was grateful that my nervousness hadn't reached my hard-on as I thrust back into her.
Her quiet moans likely sounded louder to me than they actually were as I resumed fucking her. I didn't know if it was the build-up, my cock, or the situation itself, but Ginger was very wet and ready. I felt her inner walls clamping down on me as a powerful orgasm began to rip through her. I reached forward and clamped my hand over her mouth as I felt my own climax fast approaching. I kept my hand pressed firmly over her mouth as I filled her pussy with my cum.
I removed my hand and pulled out of her once we had both come down from our peak. I retrieved her shorts and panties while she grabbed her top. She dressed quickly, and we left the theater without finishing the movie.
..............................
Life seemed pretty great. There was tons of excitement and energy as we indulged in our base desires. But the rational part of my brain that I too easily ignored was right. It was too much, and we were being reckless.
It was a Friday night, and I was waiting up for Heather to get home. She had a rendezvous scheduled with Jeff, one of her coworkers at the manufacturing plant. Jeff's mother was visiting and staying at his place, and instead of springing for a hotel room, Heather had taken the seats out of her minivan before she left for work. There was a lake not far from the plant where she had gone on other occasions, and she intended to go there again.
I heard the van pull into the driveway, followed shortly after by the sound of the back door opening. I looked up as I heard her coming down the stairs. I could tell that something was off by her demeanor.
"Are you all right?" I asked, suddenly concerned.
She held up a hand to calm me. "I'm fine," she said. She took a breath, "we just... got interrupted."
I got out of my chair without saying anything and crossed the room to her. I could see that something was bothering her, so I just hugged her and waited for her to tell me about it.
After Ietting me hold her for a bit, she continued, "We were parked by the lake and in the back of the van. I was completely naked on my hands and knees and Jeff had just started fucking me in the ass."
I could see our reflection in a mirror across the room, and I noticed that she actually started to blush as she described the situation.
"I was very turned on and was being pretty loud, really getting into it when there was suddenly this loud tapping at the window and a bright light shined in."
"What?" I said, "A cop showed up?"
She was shaking her head, "No, it was a game warden."
I was caught off guard. A game warden? As I thought about it, I conceded that it made sense as they were parked by a lake. But neither of us had ever considered something like a game warden in the middle of the night.
"I grabbed my shirt and tried to cover myself before rolling down the window," she continued. "He was an older guy, and he seemed very upset."
We had sometimes talked about being caught by the police when we were fantasizing together. In those made-up scenarios, the police man always joined in.
"He told us to get dressed and get out of there. Then he said I shouldn't be behaving like this, and said I needed to go home to my husband."
I started to ask how he knew she was married, but quickly realized that Heather never took her wedding ring off. And with them both having the same uniform shirt, it was obvious that they worked together, which wasn't usually the case for spouses. "You did come home to me," I said instead, "like you always do." I was trying to be reassuring. "He couldn't guess at our lifestyle, there's nothing to feel guilty or ashamed about."
"I know," she said quietly as she continued to lean against me. Her voice sounded like she wasn't convinced though. The game warden's comment had bothered her. She sighed, "Afterward, when I was driving back to the parking lot to drop Jeff off at his car, he told me that he didn't want to meet up with me anymore. He said that I was too much for him, and he felt it was better if we ended whatever we had."
"Babe--" I began.
"--No, it's all right," she interrupted. "I've been going overboard lately, so I'm good with this. Really."
I didn't say anything. I just rubbed her back as I stood there hugging her. I felt like Jeff rejecting her made her the whole thing worse for her but knew that she didn't want to talk about it anymore.
..............................
I got up at my usual early hour the next morning to get ready for work. I looked at my wife as she still slept. She was wearing her comfy pajamas that had been her preferred way to sleep before things had started getting crazy for us.
I spent my day at work mulling over the events of the previous night. Getting caught had been humiliating for Heather, and then getting rejected by Jeff had certainly made matters worse. Her sexual fire had been thoroughly diminished by these events. Still, I figured it was something that she would get over and move past it. Afterall, she didn't know the game warden, and Jeff was hardly her most adventurous and attentive lover. By the time the day was over, I had concluded that it was a bunch of worry over nothing, and it would just blow over.
I stopped at a florist on my way home to grab her some flowers to help make her feel better. The lady behind the counter wanted to know if they were for a specific occasion. I immediately pictured the look on her face when my inner smart-ass wanted to reply that I needed a 'Sorry you got caught getting ass-fucked' bouquet. I restrained myself, and just told her they were for nothing special.
I typically get home before anyone else is there. Heather's swing shift at the plant starts while I'm commuting home from my job, and the kids aren't home from school yet. But on this day, I saw Heather's car parked next to the van in the driveway. Wondering why she was home; I grabbed the flowers and went inside.
I found her sitting on the couch in the front room. She was dressed in her receptionist attire for the dealership, although it was far more modest than anything I had seen her wear in the last month. Her skirt almost reached her knees and all of the buttons were appropriately fastened on her blouse.
Her red-rimmed eyes showed that she had been crying. There were several crumpled up tissues on the cushion next to her, along with a fresh box sitting on the coffee table in front of her. She saw me and the flowers and started to tear up again. I hurried over to her, setting the flowers down next to the tissues as I put my arm around her shoulders.
"I got fired," she sobbed as she grabbed a new tissue from the box.
I wasn't sure if she meant the dealership or the plant. Jeff had been a Team Lead, so I could see him pulling some strings if he felt too awkward about the night before. They might have fired her before she had a chance to change clothes from the dealership.
"Mike brought me into his office as soon as I got there today. He had Lindsay sitting in there with him."
She was talking about the dealership. Mike was her General Manager, and Lindsay handled HR matters.
"They asked if I had been tipped off," she continued.
I looked at her questioningly, and she gestured towards her outfit.
"After last night, I wasn't the in mood for anything today. That's why I dressed in normal clothes. But since I wasn't dressed like a slut, they figured someone had warned me that they were looking into things." She pulled in a shuddering breath as she tried to calm her crying. "Mike said that they knew about everything that had been going on, and that my behavior was completely inappropriate for the workplace."
Internally, I was relieved. The dealership job was not something that we needed financially. Heather spent most of her earnings on slutty new clothes to wear there. I immediately scolded myself for that line of thinking though. It didn't matter that we didn't need the money. This was far beyond the humiliation that Heather had experienced down by the lake. I could see that she was wrecked by this. The part of my mind that kept saying 'I told you so' didn't help.
Heather was the type of woman who made decisions quickly without a lot of consideration and would then take immediate action. This often made her seem impulsive. With this situation, she had decided to delete every contact she had at the dealership along with anyone she was fucking at the plant before I even got home. She then went to our cell phone provider and had her number changed. The only numbers she kept were for Rob and Josh since they were friends on top of being occasional lovers. She had also decided that she would break things off with Tyler as well.
Just like that, Heather was done with all of it. I evaluated my own feelings and quickly realized that I didn't want to completely abandon what we had been doing. But I agreed that we had gone too far and bringing it into the workplace had been a terrible idea. And I knew that Heather was going to need some time before she would be open to the thought of these activities again, and that she would have to get there on her own.
This put me in a dilemma with Ginger. Heather wouldn't demand that I stop seeing her, but I knew that I needed to in order to support her current feelings. I had told Ginger all along that our relationship was purely sexual and warned her not to become attached to me. Despite that, I felt that she had developed feelings towards me, and if I was honest with myself, I had some feelings towards her as well. Nothing that would ever even compare to what I felt for Heather, but I found that I cared for her and did not want to hurt her. I spent most of the weekend worrying about how this conversation was going to go.
I went to work the next Monday, still trying to decide the best approach to take. And then fortune stepped in and gave me a reprieve. Ginger approached me as soon as I arrived and asked if we could step into my office to talk. I noticed that she seemed a little troubled herself. We stepped into my office, and I shut the door.
She seemed nervous, and fidgeted with her watch as she stood there for a moment before she started speaking. She told me that she had met someone and wanted to pursue a relationship with them. She had very much enjoyed the time we had spent together, and even said that it had given her the confidence boost that she needed to get back out there. But she knew that we could never be together fully, and wanted more than what I could give. Even though our relationship was just sexual, she was worried that I would be upset about her asking to end it.
My own emotions were complex. On the one hand, I was greatly relieved that she was asking for the exact thing that I had been trying to figure out how to say. On the other hand, I realized that I would miss the time that we spent together and was a little sad that it was actually over. I didn't say any of that to her though. I told her that I completely understood and that I was genuinely happy for her, which was true. I also told her that I wanted to remain friends and hoped that things would not be awkward between us.
She seemed greatly relieved and gave me a hug. It seemed like she might start crying, so I said something to lighten the mood. "I suppose this means that I shouldn't squeeze your ass when we hug like this."
She snorted softly as she laughed, and a moment later I felt both her hands grab my ass, "Oh, I don't know," she said, "what's wrong with the occasional ass-grab between friends."
I looked down into her blue eyes, framed by the blonde ringlets that she usually wore as her hairstyle those days. I had come to know Ginger very well during our time together. I could see something more than just sexual attraction in those eyes, and I knew this was hard for her. I recognized like feelings in myself. I knew that if our lips met, we'd end up fucking again. And that would make this even more difficult than it already was. I leaned down and kissed her cheek instead.
..............................
We didn't go back to swinging for almost a year. I was beginning to wonder if we ever would go back, or if it had been a phase of our lives that was now over. It was strange to me that Heather could just turn it off so easily. She had certainly been the more brazen of the two of us and had been absolutely insatiable for a while. Her encounters had been many, and varied and wild. But it seemed that I was the only one who missed it and thought about it anymore.
I realized that it was because even though she was the one who did most of crazy-hot stuff, I experienced it all along with her. Her exhibitionism fueled my voyeurism. I felt the same raging inferno of desire that she felt when I watched the videos she made. And I further realized that the most intense experiences were ones that I had arranged, and she had carried out. My desire to watch her fueled her desire to be watched. And if that was how it had happened before, then maybe that would be how it would happen again.
I started to encourage her to wear more revealing clothing when we were out on dates together. It had been several months since our extra-marital activities had ended at this time, and the sting of her humiliation had worn off a bit. She didn't dress nearly as slutty as she had been, but her date outfits started getting a bit racier. Then one night, we had a break-through.
I had talked her into wearing a pleated mini skirt and a button-up vest that showed a decent amount of cleavage. We hadn't had sex for a little over a week, and I knew she was feeling horny. I took her to an out-of-town bar, and we had a few drinks before I suggested that we play some pool. Heather knew why I wanted to play pool, but to my pleasant surprise, she agreed to it without resistance.
The other men in the bar immediately noticed when she started bending over the pool table in that mini skirt, the bottom curves of her round ass tantalizingly visible. Sometimes she would bend further, and they would get a view of the black thong she wore under the skirt.
She won our first game and started to talk trash as we started our second. "We should make it interesting then," I said. "Let's put a wager on this game."
"What do I get when I win?" she asked with a smug grin.
"What do you want?"
"A trip," she replied immediately, "just the two of us. You find a sitter for the kids, and next weekend you take me to Vegas."
I thought about forfeiting the game right there. The thought of a weekend with just the two of us in Vegas sounded exactly like what I had in mind.
"Fine," I agreed, "I'll take you to Vegas next weekend if you win." I stepped closer to her and lowered my voice, "but if you lose, you have to go into the ladies' room and put your thong in the trash. Then come back out here and play a third game."
Her eyebrows rose sharply at my suggestion, but then her smile widened as she laughed. "All right, you've got a bet."
I could say that it was a close game, but it wasn't. I had decided that I was going to take her on that trip no matter who won, so I played with as much focus as I could muster to get the win. She stared at the table for a moment after I sank the winning shot, then took a long drink from her cup before excusing herself to the restroom. When she returned a few minutes later, I saw that her cheeks seemed a bit flushed and there was a wild look in her eyes that I hadn't seen for quite a while. I also noticed that the top button on her vest was unfastened, revealing even more of her fantastic cleavage.
At first, she opted for shots that didn't require her to bend much, and she kept her ankles together as much as possible. Even so, I could tell that some of the men soon noticed that her thong was missing as she played. As she continued to drink and become more comfortable, her shots became a bit more daring. We both noticed a single man sitting in a corner booth who kept his eyes fixed on her as she moved around the table. We finished our third game, and Heather suggested we play one more.
She spent the fourth game taking as many shots as she could in front of the man in the corner. I moved to a spot where I could see from a similar angle as the man in the booth. She gave me a small smile as she walked around the table, surveying her options. Then she lined up with her ass facing directly towards the booth and bent completely over the table with her legs spread further apart than they needed to be. From my spot, I could see almost as much as the man in the booth. Even though the light was dim in that corner part of the bar, it was easy to see her bare pussy. It was open and both of her inner thighs were coated in her wetness, evidence of her arousal. She held the position for a moment while she lined up her shot. She sank the ball she was aiming for, then stood up slowly.
She turned and walked towards me. Her lips quirked in a coy smile when her eyes flickered towards the man in the booth. "We should stop the game here," she said, "so you can take me home and fuck me."
I put away our pool cues and led her to the door. As soon as we were in my truck, she leaned over the console and started working at my belt. My cock was out of my pants and down her throat before I was able to get out of the parking lot.
She sucked my cock the whole way home while I reached over her with my right arm to slip two fingers between her slick folds. We tore each other's clothes off as soon as we were home and had some of the best sex we had experienced in quite a while. We openly discussed Heather being with another man for the first time since the dealership as we fantasized about different scenarios where she had done more than just expose herself to the stranger. Her favorite was one I came up with. In it, I went to the bar to get us more drinks, only to find her gone when I got back to the table. After a brief search, I found her bent over a crate behind the bar, moaning loudly as the stranger fucked her without ever telling her his name. She climaxed loudly as I described how hot that would have been while I fucked her.
..............................
I noticed the following week that Heather's clothing choices started becoming more revealing again. They weren't the ultra-slutty extremes that she had been wearing at the end of her career at the car dealership, but were instead things more suited for everyday wear, while still offering enticing views of her body. I had told her that I liked her Vegas idea and had already arranged for the kids to spend the weekend with my parents, and she was as excited as I was.
Our trip was a blast and since it was Vegas, Heather's clothes became even skimpier. The outfits she wore definitely reminded me of her dealership days. Our final night there, she wore a mini dress meant for a club that was fishnet material up each side and very short. The fishnet made it clear that she wasn't wearing anything else under the dress. The length of the dress just barely covered her, creating a state of constant tease that any wrong move would reveal her most intimate area. She made a few wrong moves in front of a handful of different men.
We were both feeling extremely horny, and Heather received more than her share of looks, but neither of us felt comfortable enough with any of the situations to go further than her teasing while we were there. Regardless, this along with our date the previous week was having the desired effect as I felt her mood shift back towards slutty behavior. And then the dry spell ended.
Our friend, Josh, was coming to town again. Neither of us had seen him since his last visit when he had been here to pack up his house. During that time, he had thoroughly fucked Heather and made what were still some of my favorite videos. He messaged us to let us know about his plans, and asked if Heather was still up for some 'naughty fun' while he was in town. If he had come a few weeks earlier, I think the answer would have been 'no'. But now she was getting back into that frame of mind, and she enthusiastically agreed to meet up with him.
Ironically, I was going to be in Georgia for a training seminar for my job during most of the time that Josh was going to be here. This once again prevented me from being able to accompany Heather when she went to see him. I had been there with her the first few times that she and Josh got together when we started this lifestyle together back at the beginning of this journey but had been unable to ever since for one reason or another. Even so, I was ecstatic to be doing these activities again.
Needless to say, I was distracted during the training seminar that I was attending. I spent my time fantasizing and wondering what Heather was doing and checking my phone for texts. The plan was for her to meet up with him that night at his hotel, but that didn't mean that she might not see him earlier.
But I didn't receive any messages from her, so I called her that evening when I got back to my room. "Hey sexy, just checking in," I said.
"Hey love, how's it going?" she replied.
"Probably good," I said, "but I'm not completely sure if I'm being honest. I have been rather distracted today." I swear I could almost hear her smile through the phone. "What time are you meeting up with Josh?" I asked.
"Around nine, after I get things settled here."
"Are you excited?" I asked her.
There was a small pause before she answered me, "Very."
I could hear that sexuality in her voice that I had been missing. "Are you wet?" I asked.
"Yes," she replied, "I am."
"And you're going to record everything for me?"
"Of course. Is there anything specific that you want to see?" she asked.
"Yeah, there is something that I think would be hot," I said. "I want you to fuck him without using a condom," I took a small breath, "and then let him cum in your pussy."
Despite the multiple encounters that Heather and Josh had together, this was something that had not happened yet. But we had become far less careful since the last time that they had been together, and I had decided that we could allow this for Josh since we had already crossed that line with other guys who we didn't know as well.
There was another small pause before she answered, "That was already my plan," she said.
I smiled, "Good, I can't wait to see it. Text me when you head over to the hotel, and then again when you leave."
"No," she said, "I'll probably be over there until quite late, and your time zone is a couple of hours ahead of me. Get some sleep, you have an early morning."
"I'm too excited for sleep," I said.
"Then go jerk off," she said, "I'm not texting you."
I sighed, "At least text me when you're on your way over."
"We'll see," she replied after a moment. "Now seriously, go take care of yourself so you can relax while I get ready."
"What are you going to wear?" I asked.
"I'm not going to dress too slutty because I'm stopping by Cindy and Mario's place for a few minutes before I go to the hotel. I'm going to wear my black and purple corset as a top. The one that zips up the front. And a pair of low-rise jeans, which will look sexy together."
"That sounds so hot! Text me a selfie after you get ready," I said.
"Only if you use it to take care of yourself," she said.
"You got it, babe."
I received the photo from her about thirty minutes later. She was stunning. Her hair and makeup were on-point, and her heavy breasts were displayed as a perfect shelf by her corset top. The look in her eyes was all lust.
"Fuck, you look so good!" I texted her. "I can see how horny you are. I'll bet whatever panties you're wearing are soaked."
A minute later my phone buzzed with a texted reply. It read simply, "Yup." Attached to the text was another photo. It showed her pants unzipped and pulled partway down her legs to reveal her lavender colored thong that was dominated by a very large and obvious wet spot.
This skyrocketed my already high arousal and I soon found myself stroking my achingly hard cock. I came hard and fast, and then... was still horny. I knew I would be. We had been so long from this kind of activity, and I knew from experience that the videos she'd make that night with Josh wouldn't disappoint. I climbed into bed, but ended up turning the television on when I realized that I wasn't likely to go to sleep anytime soon.
I kept staring at the red digital display of the alarm clock, willing myself to just go to sleep. At eleven thirty my time, I couldn't take it and texted her asking if she was at the hotel.
She replied a minute later, "No, still at Mario and Cindy's. Julie stopped by with her new dog. I want one! I'll be heading over soon, now go to sleep!"
"I'm trying," I texted back. "Just let me know when you get there."
"Okay, fine," she sent back.
About twenty minutes later my phone buzzed, "I'm here now." A minute later it buzzed again. It was another selfie of Heather, holding the camera above her as she lay on a bed. She was still dressed and looked absolutely gorgeous as she looked into the camera. Another text followed, "This is a nice room. He's in the shower. I love you most, now go to sleep."
I set my phone down and tried to sleep. I wasn't surprised that I couldn't. I'm not sure why it was so important to me to know that she was in that room at that moment. It had been ten minutes, was Josh still in the shower? Were they just talking, catching up? Was she sucking his cock... was he already fucking her?
I stared at the digital display some more, willing sleep to come. This reminded me of the first time she had gone to see him alone after work. I should have been asleep that night as well but had been unable to as my mind raced with wonder at what could be occurring at that very moment. It was an intense tease that made sleep impossible to attain.
One hour turned into two and then dragged by to three. I wondered if she had finished, but not texted me because she didn't want to wake me in case I was actually asleep. It then occurred to me that we had shared our locations with each other a while back. It was a feature I never used so I had forgotten about it. I opened the app and checked to see where she was. She was still at the hotel. I wondered if she was still having sex with him, or if they were just hanging out now. It crossed my mind that she might have decided to spend the night, but I doubted it. The kids were old enough that we both felt safe with them sleeping at home, but she'd need to be home in the morning.
Almost an hour later, my phone finally buzzed. "I know you're still awake you silly man. I have some new videos for you. My pussy has been thoroughly fucked and filled. I'm on my way home now, so you can go to sleep. I love you most."
Knowing that the activity was over did something to me that allowed me to finally relax. I was still very excited to see the new videos, but for now I was able to drift off to sleep. My alarm went off a short two and a half hours later to start my day.
My body was exhausted, but my mind was awake and alert despite my lack of sleep. Unfortunately, I was still unable to focus as I kept thinking about the previous night. I reread Heather's text over and over. The words 'My pussy has been thoroughly fucked and filled' drove my yearning through the roof. I called her at lunch break.
"Mmm, hey honey," she almost purred into the phone.
"God, you even sound sexy. How was last night? Seemed like it was pretty great."
"It was a lot of fun," she said softly, "I didn't realize how much I've missed that. But now I wish you were home. I miss you and can't wait to show you the new videos." Her voice took on a husky quality, "I'm going to suck your cock while you watch me be a slutty wife."
"Fuck, this is killing me," I said, "I won't even be home for two more days. Last night was brutal."
"It will go by faster than you think," she reassured me, "you'll be home before you know it."
"God, I hope so," I said. "How many videos are there? You were there for a long time, you weren't fucking the whole time were you?"
"No, we took breaks and talked. He needed a little bit of a recharge in between sessions after he came in me a couple of times."
My cock was so hard. "Fuck..."
About an hour before I was finished for the day, my phone buzzed again. It was a text from Heather telling me to check my email when I got back to my room, followed by a winking-kiss emoji. Not knowing what she had sent me, I resisted the urge to open my email right then. The anticipation made that last hour of the day drag by.
I pulled up the email on my phone as soon as I was back in my room. It was an email from Heather with an attached file. Her message read, "Here's a sample of last night. The whole file was too big to send, so I edited this clip for you. Hopefully this helps hold you over until you can come home and see the rest. Love you most." I stared at the attachment for a moment, then closed the screen on my phone. I grabbed my laptop and powered it up. I wanted to see whatever she had attached to the email on the biggest screen that I had.
The video was about a minute and a half long. The screen showed Heather lying naked on her back near the edge of the bed. Josh was standing next to the bed holding her legs open by her ankles as he pushed his thick cock into her. Her nipples were standing completely erect atop her round tits and her hands were balled into fists as she gripped the bed covers near her head.
"Ohhhh," she moaned, "fuck my pussy!" Her voice was drawn out low in an almost whining plea as he began to pump his cock in and out of her. "Yes! Fuck my pussy!"
Josh began to increase his pace right away. The entire length of his cock was already completely coated in her wetness as the loud sounds of his shaft plunging in and out of her sopping hole filled the room.
"God, yes!" she moaned. "I've missed this so much. I love your big fucking cock! Pound my slutty pussy with your fat dick!" Her smokey green eyes locked on his face. "I'm your slut tonight, so use me however you want."
Josh obliged her, fucking her with abandon. Her back arched and she cried out loudly as a powerful orgasm ripped through her.
"Yes! I'm cumming! Don't stop, I'm cumming all over your cock!"
And then the video ended. My dick felt like a steel pipe. I started the video over as I worked to relieve myself, easily cumming before the video was over a second time.
..............................
The next two days didn't go by as quickly as Heather had said they would. Especially when she told me the following day that she had met up with Josh again that morning after the kids were gone to school.
"I was really naughty," she said. "I was so horny again... I still am even... and I wanted to take advantage of him being in town. I still have the room key from the other night, so I let myself in."
"He wasn't expecting you?" I asked.
"No, he was just getting out of the shower. I told him that I hadn't had breakfast yet, then I sucked his big cock until her came. I swallowed every drop, then kept working him with my mouth until he was hard again."
I could hear the sexuality in her voice.
"Then he fucked me until I moaned so loud, I thought the hotel staff were going to tell us quite down. It was super hot."
I sighed in frustration, "I can't believe I'm stuck here."
..............................
When I finally got back home, the videos proved to be even hotter than I'd imagined. After the lengthy period of downtime, it was so satisfying to see Heather succumb to her base desires again. Josh had always had fantastic chemistry with her, so he was the perfect partner to help her get her confidence back.
It seemed like they had fucked in every conceivable position. Heather was completely free and uninhibited, letting her inner slut once again come to the surface.
The most glorious part were her orgasms. Just as before, they were multiple, they were filled with unbelievable energy and lust, and they were so real.
..............................
Josh's departure heralded a transitional time for us once again. My sexy, confident, flirtatious wife was back. She wasn't exactly the wanton, carefree slut she had been though. First-hand experience of consequences for reckless behavior kept her more grounded than she had been before.
We both agreed that the workplace was a terrible idea. I knew this meant that sexual escapades were going to be much less frequent than they had been during that crazy time when everything ramped up. And even though a part of me missed the constant intensity that was there during the most manic parts of that time, I preferred the place we were at now.
My only regret was that with the workplace out of the equation, it was much more difficult to find other people to have experiences with. We talked about using the internet, but the atmosphere around that was something that neither of us were comfortable with at that time.
Rob was still around, and Heather had maintained a relationship with him during all of this. It had evolved into more of a friendship, but I was sure he still wanted to fuck her. He also still worked the overnight shift, so I knew it wouldn't be common.
I was okay with that, Rob's videos seemed cursed. From the lens cap incident to terrible angles from him being the worst cameraman, his videos always left something to be desired.
I reconciled to myself that it would just be random visits from Josh, with the occasional session with Rob thrown in for the foreseeable future. Maybe I could help engineer a situation where she finally crossed a stranger off her bucket list. I was considering how to do that when something else happened.
It was about a week after Josh left, and I had gone to the manufacturing plant to have dinner with Heather in the cafeteria, as I often did. There had been a severe drop-off in demand for parts at the plant, and that had led to talks of layoffs for the last few days. This created a somewhat subdued atmosphere that I noticed. Heather and I had discussed this possibility and made our peace with it. The extra money she earned was nice, but we had survived as me being the solo wage earner for long periods of time before.
Heather's demeanor was very different from everyone else's in the room. There was a small smile about her lips, and I could feel a subtle energy coming from her. There was also that fire I had come to recognize in her eyes. It wasn't raging unchecked, but rather burning steadily just below the surface.
I raised an eyebrow at her as I sat down across from her. "So, what happened with you today?"
Her smile became a very sexy wicked grin. "Well, I found out today that Mario and Cindy are swingers."
I was dumbfounded. This was not anything I was expecting. Mario and Cindy were friends of ours. We had known them for so long, that I couldn't even remember how we met them. Their kids were roughly the same age as ours, and often played together.
"How did you find that out?" I asked after a moment of stunned silence.
"I stopped by their place to talk to Cindy this morning, but she wasn't there. So, I ended up talking with Mario."
"And he just told you they were swingers?"
"Not exactly like that," she laughed. "Remember how I told you I was stopping by their house on my way to meet Josh that night?"
"Yeah."
"Well, Mario is pretty observant. I showed up with my tits pushed up in that corset I was wearing as a top, and my hair and makeup all done up like date night," she said. "He knew you were out of town and as he put it, I looked like I was on my way to get some dick."
That sounded exactly like how Mario talked. Both he and Cindy could often be rather crass, and it seemed like he often said things bluntly for shock value. He also flirted with any woman around him constantly. "What did you say to that?"
Heather gave a small shrug. "I told him I was. I couldn't think of an excuse, and something about the situation just made me want to be honest." She shrugged again and her small smile returned. "I told him I spent a good part of the night getting fucked in a hotel and I recorded the whole thing so you could watch it later."
I felt my eyebrows raise at that last part. "And how did he take that?"
She laughed again, "He didn't exactly expect that answer, I definitely surprised him. After that, he told me their situation," she said. "They also indulge in extramarital activities. Their main thing is sharing a girlfriend. They don't have one currently and were hoping I would be open to that."
I tried to picture it. Mario was big. I wasn't sure how tall he was, but it felt like he had an inch or two on me, and I'm six-two. He was also a bit overweight, but not exactly fat. More like a husky barrel of a man. His wife was also a bit overweight, but still attractive. She was pleasantly chubby I supposed. She was always changing her hair color. The last time I had seen her, she had sported red hair. Not normal, natural red, but red like a fire truck. She always wore tops that showed off even more cleavage than Heather usually showed. Her tits were probably as big as Heather's, but they seemed bigger because she was shorter than my wife.
"What did you say to that?" I asked.
"I told him I was flattered, but I have zero interest in women." She smirked at me, "I told him I love cock too much." She held my gaze for a moment. "Then I told him that if it was okay for him to play solo, I would be open to that."
"And I assume he said it was okay for him to do that," I said.
Heather nodded.
I study her for a second. The energy I had felt from her and the fire in her eyes was accompanied by a flush in her cheeks, a flush I suspected came from remembered activity.
"And since it was okay for him to play solo, you did," I said.
The smile was back at her lips. She turned her head down toward the table for a moment, then raised her eyes to peer through her lashes at me.
"Yes," she said, a sultry tone in her voice, "this morning, my clothes were on their bedroom floor and Mario's big cock was between my legs."
My eyes were transfixed on hers.
"Was that too naughty of me?" she asked, part coyness and part sudden concern that I thought she was going too far again. Spontaneously fucking one of our friends without me even knowing about it was uncharted territory for us.
"It was only too naughty if you didn't record it for me," I said with an easy smile, working to reassure her.
Her own grin widened and the small amount of tension I had seen disappeared. "I told him that was the deal. I recorded most of it," she replied.
I raised an eyebrow at her, "Most of it?"
"My top was on the floor and his hand was in my panties before I got my phone set up. But I got all the rest for you."
"How was it?" I asked.
"It was good. He had a few... issues, but it was still good. It will be better next time."
I knew she meant he had struggled to maintain an erection. "Was it the camera?" I asked.
"I think maybe a little," she said with a small nod. "Knowing that you were going to be watching it later. But I'm certain he's going to get over that. He doesn't normally use a condom, and that was the real problem."
"If I'm honest, I'm a bit surprised that you made him use one," I said.
She smirked at me, and took a playful swat at my arm, "Just what are you saying there, mister?"
"That you're a slut," I said levelly as I looked into her eyes, "a perfect, horny cumslut, that I love."
She looked down at the table again, her cheeks flushing slightly again. "I didn't actually. I told him that he could take it off, but he said he'd need to check with Cindy before he could do that."
I don't know why that surprised me, but it did. "Huh. That actually makes me feel better about him not using one," I said.
"Me to," Heather said with a nod. "He's already texted me that he's spoken with her, and she's okay with it. I can't wait to feel his bare cock inside me."
I grinned wryly, "That good, huh? You said it was big, which makes sense since he's huge."
"Yeah, he has a nice cock. Not quite as long as Josh, but thicker for sure."
"Like Doug?" I asked.
"Nobody is as thick as Doug," she said. She bit her lower lip subconsciously as she remembered him. "Especially with that ridiculous flared head." There was no question that girth was her favorite attribute.
I glanced at my watch, "We probably don't have time for you to transfer the file to me before your lunch break is over, so I suppose this will be another one of those times where I'm waiting anxiously for you to get home," I sighed.
That fire was coming to life in her eyes again. "I like it that way better anyway. I like letting your anticipation build. And I like... narrating." She winked at me as we both got up from the table.
I took her tray from her and returned it, then spent the last few minutes talking with her before she had to return to work. I kissed her before she left. "Love you sexy," I said.
She bit my lip playfully, "I love you most." She stayed there for a second, her lips an inch from mine. "The very most of all."
Compared to the recent adventure with Josh, waiting a few hours for Heather to get home from work was easy. I was already prepared for her, standing naked at the foot of our bed as she came down the stairs to our room. This had become a ritual of sorts for us. Heather began undressing as she came down the stairs and was only wearing a pair of white lacy panties when she stopped in our doorway.
She sauntered across the room and placed her phone in my hand before wordlessly sinking to her knees before me. The file was already pulled up on her screen, and I started the video as her lips closed around my shaft. Her version of 'narrating'.
The screen showed her stepping back from the camera after setting it on something overlooking a messy bedroom. Heather was topless in the video and there was wetness on her nipples, evidence that Mario had been sucking on them. She was wearing tiny denim shorts that were already unbuttoned, her panties visible in the open fly.
Mario was standing next to the bed, looming over Heather as she approached him. She placed her hands on his chest, and he let her push him down onto the bed. She reached for his belt with both hands as he lay back. She opened his pants quickly and pulled his hard dick out of his pants, holding it upright in front of her face.
"Mmm," she moaned appreciatively, "I was hoping you had a big cock." She dragged her tongue up the underside of his thick shaft before working the bulbous head into her mouth.
"You ever have one this big?" he asked with a smug look on his face, "it might take you a bit to get used--"
His words cut off suddenly as her lips slid all the way down his length with another lusty moan.
"--holy shit! I can't fucking believe this!"
Heather pulled her mouth from him with a loud slurp. "What? That I can swallow all of your big cock?" she asked with a smirk.
"All of this," he replied. "You are so fucking hot, and here you are, half-naked and swallowing all of my cock. I never imagined this!"
My own dick felt hard as steel in her mouth as I watched her deep-throat Mario again. She began bobbing her head, pumping his shaft with her lips. She did this for only about a minute though before he abruptly sat up and stopped her. He grabbed her upper arms, spinning her around and tossing her on the bed, switching positions with her. His big hands grabbed the waistband of her shorts, and he tugged them, and her panties along with them, down her legs.
Heather spread her legs wide open as soon as her remaining clothes were pulled past her ankles. Mario lay on his stomach between them as he brought his lips to her wet slit.
He gripped her round ass in both hands as he began to aggressively eat her, his mouth covering her entire vagina.
Heather's nipples were completely erect and pointed up from her large breasts as she arched her back with a sexy moan. She grabbed Mario's head, her hands pulling his face tighter to her as she began to grind herself against his mouth. "God yes!" she moaned, "fuck my pussy with your tongue!" Her back arched harder as he probed inside her, "Oh, I'm going to cum all over your fucking face!"
I looked down at my wife as a moan that echoed the one coming from the phone escaped her lips. "It seems like you really liked that," I said.
"Uh huh," she said in a low voice as she took me from her mouth. "It was his passion more than how it felt. He was so... I don't know... fierce. It was like he was trying to devour me. It really turned me on."
Evidence of her arousal poured out of the phone I was holding as her cry of pleasure blasted from its small speakers. Heather resumed sucking me as I turned my attention back to the screen.
Mario stood, his unfastened pants still sitting partway down his legs.
Heather eyed him as she rose up on her elbows. "What do you want now?" she asked him.
"Whatever you want to do," he answered her.
"No, it doesn't work that way," she said, "I want you to take charge and tell me what you want."
Mario stared at her for a brief moment. "Okay then. I want you to suck my big cock some more."
Heather smiled as she knelt on the mattress, facing him. He was so tall that she didn't have to bend as far as she normally would to wrap her lips tightly around his thick shaft. The breath left him in a rush as she swallowed him once again, stopping only when his balls were at her chin.
"Jesus! You aren't fucking real!" he exclaimed.
There was a loud 'gluck-gluck' sound as she repeatedly took him to the back of her throat. His shaft glistened with her saliva as she attacked his cock with the same energy that he had exhibited when he was eating her pussy. He grabbed a fistful of her hair and pulled her down harder on his dick, making her moan around his thickness.
He stared down at her as she worked her lips up and down him, then pulled her back off his cock and continued to hold her by the hair. She made a show of stretching her tongue out of her mouth and flicking it across the head of his cock that hovered in front of her face, her eyes locked on his as she did so.
"Here, get up," he said as he released her and reached for a drawer in the nearby nightstand.
Heather climbed off the bed and turned around. She looked back over her shoulder at him as she bent over with her legs spread. Mario was tearing open the package of the condom he had retrieved from the drawer as he shuffled closer behind her. After rolling it on, he reached forward with one hand and slid two fingers into Heather's pussy. They went in easily, so he immediately added a third. He began to saw them in and out of her vigorously.
It looked to me like he was being too rough, but the camera's point of view showed both of her inner thighs soaked as her sopping pussy gushed around his thrusting fingers as she moaned in ecstasy.
A similar moan came from her mouth as I felt her lips increase their pace on my cock. She was enthusiastically sucking me from tip to root, and I could see her nipples were rock hard. She had grown to love this activity, listening to herself being a slut as she blew me. Her own hands were caressing her big tits, and pinching her tight nipples while her thighs clenched together as she neared a small orgasm. I felt her mouth grow cold as the blood rushed toward her intimate areas during her climax.
"I loved how rough he was," she said, almost panting as she recovered her breath after her peak had passed. "It made everything just feel incredible."
I looked back to the screen as her mouth returned to my dick. Mario stopped finger-fucking her. He then moved closer to her, grabbing her by the waist as he positioned his thick cock against her wet entrance. Her moans rose in pitch as he finally pushed into her.
At first the only problem he seemed to be having was that he had to stoop down a bit in order to fuck her in a standing position. Her tits swung in time to his thrusts as he steadily pounded into her. But then it became apparent that he was having an issue with the condom. He glanced toward the camera, then pulled out and removed the condom. He stroked his half-hard cock and reached for the drawer to get another one.
"Sorry," he mumbled, "I hate these fucking things."
I could feel his embarrassment. I thought I had it figured out. It was more than the condom. That was part of it, but then when he started having problems, he realized that he was having them on camera. And I wondered if him knowing Heather so well was also part of the problem. I had experienced something similar with Ginger back when we first got together. I had been fine during kissing, fondling and oral sex, but as soon as we got to the real deal that first time, my mind got way too involved and created momentary failure. I had thought about it a lot and had a theory that first times might actually be easier with strangers.
"You don't have to use one with me," Heather said to him, "I like to be fucked and filled."
Mario paused in the act of putting on a new condom. "...I'll need to ask Cindy if she's okay with that first," he said as he finished rolling it on.
Heather lay down on the bed to make it easier for him. His dick was hard again, and they were able to resume. They fucked like that for a while, then switched to a position with my wife on top. The sex was pretty hot, but I could tell that there was still an underlying issue with whatever was going on in Mario's head. Heather felt it to and ordered him to stand next to the bed. She knelt before him and pulled the condom off.
"I need to taste this big cock of yours again," she said as she commenced to give him another blow job.
I looked down at her appreciatively. "You are such a slut," I said.
She pulled my cock from her lips and looked up at me. "Am I?" she asked with a coy smile.
"You know you are," I replied. "Now, stand up so I can fuck you."
She climbed to her feet and bent over the end of our bed. I placed her phone on top of her round ass so I could keep watching the screen as I positioned myself behind her.
"Really?" she said with a soft laugh.
I pushed my hard cock into her for an answer.
"Oh babe, you feel so fucking good!" she sighed. "I love how good a bare cock feels inside of me."
"Yeah?" I asked, "You're soaking wet again. Is it because I'm fucking you, or are you that excited to feel Mario's big dick stretch you open without a condom on?"
"Both!" she groaned as I moved back and forth inside her.
I increased my pace, trying to match the intense energy that she was exhibiting on screen as she swallowed Mario's cock with great, gulping lunges, slurping his whole length repeatedly down her throat. He grabbed her hair in his fist again, staring down at her as she moaned loudly around his girth.
He wasn't able to withstand that sexual onslaught for long, and soon released her hair. "Oh shit! I'm going to cum Heather!"
Instead of pulling him from her mouth, she seemed to double down, going harder and deeper as she gripped his thighs for balance.
"Oh, fuck!" he roared. He grabbed her by the hair again, forcing her deep down on his shaft. I could see the muscles in his ass clench and his head was tilted back. His mouth was hanging open and his breath seemed to be stuck as he climaxed.
The whole scene was extremely erotic. My dick was solid steel and I felt Heather's pussy contract tighter around me as she orgasmed again.
"God! He came like a fucking fire hose down my throat," she said as the orgasm peaked within her.
Seeing it on screen and hearing her description was all it took to tip me over the edge. I thrust deep as I painted her insides. I held it there until we both came down from our shared orgasm then collapsed onto the bed with her.
"So, when are you planning on getting together with Mario?" I asked as we lay there together.
"I don't have any concrete plans made," she replied, "but we'll see him Friday night. It's his birthday party."
I'd completely forgotten about it. Mario had a party to celebrate his birthday every year. Sometimes attendance was high, and it was a drunken and rowdy affair. Other times, it was only a few people and was a more relaxed atmosphere. Their kids would be somewhere else, and Mario always told all the women to show up dressed sexy instead of bringing him a present. I had always attributed that to his constant flirting, but now I wondered if other things happened at his party that I hadn't known about before.
"Oh yeah," I said, "what are you going to wear to it?"
"I'm not sure yet. I'll have to think about it."
Heather didn't usually dress too sexy for Mario's party. His guests didn't overlap our other circles of friends and acquaintances much, but you never knew. The previous year had been the sexiest she had dressed, and that had been during the time right before things got really out of control for us. I found myself looking forward to the party even more than I had been before.
..............................
She settled on a yellow sundress. It was made of a thin, light cotton. The bust was made to be tied closed with slim spaghetti strings and it had a low neckline. She opted to go braless. Her firm tits barely sagged, and the look was natural and sexy as hell. The hem was short; it showed a lot of leg but wasn't scandalous. It wasn't even close to the slutty outfits she had worn to the dealership, but it was the safe and smart choice since we didn't know who was going to be there. She looked stunning it regardless.
I have a low whistle when she entered the living room where I had been waiting for her to finish getting ready. "You look fantastic!"
She smiled at my reaction. "Thanks, hon."
"Does the lack of undergarments extend below your skirt as well?" I asked.
Her smile broadened as she eased her skirt up in a slow, teasing fashion. Eventually she revealed a red g string that barely covered her.
"Bold choice," I said. "The red is very striking.
She smirked at me. "Take a good look at them dear," she said with a grin, "because if things work out like I hope they do, these will be left lying on the floor in whatever room Mario takes them off me."
I ran through the possibilities in my mind as we drove to our friends' house. We had pawned the kids off on my parents again, so we could stay all night if we wished.
"So, since their main thing is a shared girlfriend, does that mean Cindy doesn't have sex with other men?" I asked as we neared their place.
"No, Mario says she does sometimes," Heather replied. "But it sounds like it's not that common of a thing." She eyed me with an impish grin. "Why, you hoping to get a closer look at those big tits she's always showing off?"
"No," I said hurriedly, then grinned back at her, "or...maybe."
I looked over at her. She seemed at ease about the whole thing. Me having sex with someone else had come along later in our relationship, and Heather had struggled with some jealousy at first.
"I'm actually nervous about it all," I confessed. "I don't know who is going to be there, or what to expect." I glanced toward her as I pulled up to their house. "It's making me have anxiety about being able to...perform. If something does happen, that is."
"You think too much," Heather told me. "Just relax, handsome. Remember all the things you did with Ginger? Remember how she was insatiably horny to have you again and again? You're an amazing lover," she reassured me. "Remember all that and you'll have the confidence that you need."
It struck me at how out of place our conversation would be for most couples. "Thanks. Good talk, coach," I joked as we got out of the car.
She laughed and took my arm. "Let's go, sexy man."
Cindy greeted us at the door. Her long hair was a bright pink tonight. And the bra that held up her large breasts was black. I knew that because I could see all of it. She wore a shirt; it was a too small white button-down shirt that only had the bottom two buttons fastened so it served as an accessory to the bra instead of covering anything. Below that she wore a pleated black skirt that wasn't quite a mini skirt. She was definitely showing more than my wife was tonight.
She hugged Heather as they both complimented each other on how great they looked, then turned and gave me a hug as well. We had hugged before, but I had never paid any attention to them. I found myself wondering if they had always been as tight and close as this one seemed when she pressed her body against me. Heather could read me over-analyzing it by the look on my face. She smiled and shook her head. The hug ended and Cindy escorted us through the house to the detached garage behind the main building that they had converted into an entertainment space.
As I said earlier, Cindy often wore revealing tops. But this night's outfit was more risqu than anything I had seen before. I had never thought about her sexually before finding out about her and Mario. Ever since then however, I found myself recalling details of how she looked and wondering if that was something that she was interested in doing with me, while also trying to decide how I felt about it. As I followed behind her and watched her round ass swaying in front of me, I decided that I really wanted to know what was under that skirt.
Mario was already inside the garage. The roll-up door was open, and a grill sat next to it with something cooking under the closed lid. Next to that sat two coolers full of ice and assorted drinks. There was one other couple already in the room. They were younger than the rest of us, seeming to be in their early to mid-twenties. They also seemed like a complete mismatch to me.
The woman was gorgeous. Her hair was put up in an immaculate bun atop her head, showing off her slender neck. She was decked out in a bright red dress meant for clubbing. It was cut low enough to show almost as much of the strappy red bra she wore under it as Cindy's open shirt showed of hers. The hem of the skirt was dangerously short, and it hugged her curves like a second skin. And she had curves. Huge tits, slim waist, round ass. Her body looked like a younger copy of my wife's. The most obvious difference between them to me was that this woman was more 'cute' where Heather was more 'alluring'. Part of it was the maturity that my wife had on her. Another part was a lack of confidence. Her nervousness was clearly displayed on her face... and in her panties. The tight dress showed an exact outline of her underwear, showing all of us that underneath her skirt was a pair of panties that covered everything.
The man was as average as skinny young men get. Nondescript build and features, barely combed hair, really nothing to speak of. And yet his demeanor was one of over-confidence as his eyes flicked to us when we entered the room. My mind refused to reconcile how these two people were together. Maybe he paid her... no. She would be more confident if she was a professional.
Cindy introduced everyone. Their names were Amber and Darren. We greeted each other. I noticed that Darren seemed to be sizing me up while also checking out Heather.
Mario asked Cindy if she had heard from the others, and she nodded. "Todd and Mandy can't find a babysitter, and Tim and Sarah said they can't make it tonight either," she said.
Mario made a face, then asked, "What about Randy and Steve?"
"Steve is out of town this weekend and Randy said he'll try to swing by later."
Mario sighed, "Well, I guess this is it for now. I hope you're all hungry because there's a shitload of meat on the grill."
The others already had drinks in their hands, so Heather and I headed to the coolers. Heather smirked at me as she caught my eyes wandering back across the room towards Amber. "You're going to make me feel self-conscious if you keep staring at her like that," she teased.
"It's not that babe," I protested, "I promise."
"Oh sure," she said as she rolled her eyes, "you aren't mesmerized by her perfect tits and barely covered ass."
"She's very sexy," I said. "Maybe someday she'll even be almost as sexy as you are now." It sounded kind of corny, but Heather knew that I was sincere. She smiled softly. "And besides," I said with a grin, "her ass is plenty covered."
My comment surprised Heather and she spit out some of her drink as she choked back a laugh. "She looks petrified, poor thing" she said after a moment. "I'll bet the dress is Darren's idea."
We all hung out for a little while, enjoying the food and drinks. Especially the drinks. The alcohol helped everyone relax, most notably Amber and Darren. About an hour into the party, Mario suddenly pointed his finger at Heather. "You are overdressed," he said boisterously, motioning first to her dress and then to Cindy and Amber. "They're both showing much more skin than you."
I knew he was teasing her. This was the type of comment I had often heard from him in the past, long before he had sex with her.
Heather downed her drink and stood up. "All right," she said, "I'll go take care of that." Both Mario and Darren's eyebrows rose in surprise as she started to walk out of the room. She stopped next to Amber who was giggling nervously. "Come on honey," she said softly, "there's something that I need your help with."
Amber hesitantly rose to her feet and followed my wife from the room. Mario being Mario, made a crude comment about them having a box lunch for dessert, which earned him a smack from Cindy and a fist-bump from Darren.
They returned a few minutes later. Darren's eyes widened so much that I pictured them rolling from his sockets. Heather had untied the spaghetti string that kept her bust closed and then removed it from the dress entirely. Now with nothing holding the bodice of her dress closed, her fantastic tits were the most prominent in the room. The dress was completely open almost to her navel, revealing the entire inner expanse of both of her perfect breasts. Her nipples were rock hard, showing through the thin fabric that barely covered them. She was on the verge of complete wardrobe failure with every step she took.
She reached her hand out to Mario as she approached us. "Here," she said as she deposited a small wad of red cloth in his hand. "This is the only other thing I could take off besides the dress."
I glanced at Amber, noticing a flush in her cheeks. The dress now hugged her form flawlessly. It looked like my wife wasn't the only one who took off her panties.
"Now that's what I'm talking about!" Mario roared his approval.
The drinks continued to flow as the night went on. Heather walked over to a pool table in the corner of the room. Grinning wickedly, she motioned for Amber to join her. Amber resisted, but Heather rarely takes no for an answer. Soon they were both at the table. Mario and Darren both sat on a couch at the side of the room where they had a good view of the table. I sat in a chair opposite them and watched as well.
"I didn't know you played pool," Mario said to her.
"Yeah," I answered for her, "Heather loves to shoot pool."
Heather just smiled at everyone before bending over to break. She bent more than necessary. The hem of her dress rose up her legs but stopped short of baring her. Mario groaned at the tease. Heather then walked around the table and bent over facing the couch for another shot. This view showed much more as the loose fabric of her dress hung down enough to show all of her tits. She made eye contact with Mario as she took the shot. She missed, and it was Amber's turn.
I watched Amber survey the table. There was an easy shot for her, but she'd need to bend over with her ass towards the couch. Her dress was short enough that everything would be visible as soon as she did that. The flush in her cheeks increased and she moved around the table for a more difficult shot. I was disappointed that she hadn't taken the easy shot, but still enjoyed the view afforded to us when she bent over the table.
The game went on for a little while, and as the alcohol flowed and Amber's inhibitions lessened, she eventually loosened up enough to take one of the shots with her ass towards the couch. She stood much more upright than she should have to take the shot, but we were all still treated to a tantalizing view of the bottom curves of her naked ass cheeks.
Heather was in her element. Nothing got her hotter than exhibitionism. I could see the arousal that had already been with her before the party increasing as she felt everyone's gaze on her. The slut-fire that burns within her was beginning to grow in intensity. I could tell that she was disappointed that her dress wasn't shorter.
I suddenly felt a tap at my arm and turned to find Cindy standing next to me. She asked if I could help her grab some more drinks from the kitchen. I grabbed the mostly empty cooler and followed her from the room, once again staring at her round ass as it swayed before me.
"So, what's the story with Darren and Amber?" I asked her as we started to add drinks to the cooler.
"What do you mean?" she asked.
"I don't know," I said. "Darren is... he just seems... odd."
Cindy smiled. "He works with Mario. I think there's some hero worship type stuff going on. He loves getting Mario's approval. That's why Amber's all dressed up like that. He wants Mario to think he's got the hottest girl."
I thought about it. That made sense to me. The fist bumps, the constant looks to see how Mario would react. That made me think of something else. "Have you and Mario ever... shared Amber? Heather told me that was what you two were mostly in to." I surprised myself a little at my bold question. It was part the alcohol, but more than that, I realized that I was comfortable talking to Cindy.
Her eyes widened in surprise before she answered. "No, we haven't shared her..." she blushed and looked down for a moment. "Mario is so big that he makes her nervous." Her blush deepened, "But, I've had her in front of Mario and Darren." She looked back up at me and smiled, "After a lot of booze."
"That sounds so damn hot," I said. I was staring into her eyes.
"It was." She moved a little closer to me. "Now I have a question for you."
"What is it?"
She inched closer. "Do you fuck as good as your wife does?"
My hands were on her tits. I squeezed them and she moaned against my lips as they met hers. The kiss was fierce, our teeth clicking lightly as our tongues explored each other's mouths. I moved my hands down to her waist and lifted her easily, taking a step and setting her on the counter. I pulled her skirt up over her hips so that I could get a look at what was underneath. She was wearing some lacy white panties that I hurriedly pulled down her legs. Her wet slit was topped with a perfectly shaped small triangle of hair. It was the same hot pink as the hair on her head.
I pushed her knees apart as I knelt on the floor before her. I leaned forward and lightly traced the tip of my tongue up her slit, then I began to flick her clit lightly before tracing back down.
"Ohhh, that feels nice," she breathed as she unfastened the bottom buttons on her shirt and shrugged it off.
I traced back up her wet slit again, pausing to probe gently between her slick folds with my tongue before returning to her clit. I placed my lips over it and began to suck gently. I felt her hand grab the hair at the back of my head in a tight fist as her legs closed around my face.
"Fuck, you're good at that! Don't stop, it feels so good!"
I continued to suck her clit, keeping the pressure constant. I grabbed her big ass in both hands, squeezing as I drove her to orgasm. I felt her legs closing more around me and her fingers tightened in my hair as a long-drawn-out moan escaped her lips. I kept sucking lightly after she climaxed, easing her down from her peak.
"Oh, you're very good," she said as she looked down at me.
"What do you want to do now?" I asked, looking around the cramped kitchen.
"Let's take the cooler back to the garage," she said, "then I'll take you up to my room."
I grabbed the cooler and followed her back to the garage. She didn't bother picking up her panties or shirt from where they ended up on the kitchen floor. As we approached the doorway, I heard the familiar moans. Cindy heard them to, and her eyes went wide as she looked toward me.
Mario was still sitting where he had been on the couch. Heather knelt on the cushions next to him, as she bent over to suck his fat cock. Her dress was gathered around her waist so that her tits and ass were completely bare. Darren knelt on the couch behind Heather. He had his hard cock in his fist as he dragged the tip of it up and down her slit the same way I had done to Cindy with my tongue. He turned to look at me as we entered the room.
"Please shove it in me!" Heather begged as she took her mouth from Mario's cock.
That was apparently all Darren needed to hear as he pushed his full length into her. Another lusty moan came from her lips as they wrapped around Mario's thickness once again. I felt Cindy's hand on my chest, and quickly set the cooler aside as she pushed me towards the chair I had been sitting in. As I sat down, I noticed Amber standing near the pool table still. She was watching everything through wide eyes as Cindy removed her bra and dropped to her knees on the floor in front of me.
Cindy opened my pants and pulled my dick out. She ran her tongue up the underside and flicked it under my crown. Then she teased the hole at the tip of my cock with her tongue before sucking on just the head. Soon after, her lips were sliding up and down my entire length, mimicking the wet blow job that Heather was giving Mario across the room.
Cindy stopped abruptly and smiled up at me. She rose to her feet and walked over to Amber. Taking her by the hand, she escorted her back over in front of me. The look in Amber's eyes was a mix of arousal and anxiousness. Cindy whispered softly to her as she gently pulled the straps of her dress down off her shoulders. She pulled the bodice of the dress down, and followed that up with removing her bra. Amber's glorious tits were soon on display as she stood topless with Cindy before me.
Cindy got back down on her knees and pulled Amber down with her. Cindy held my shaft upright as she looked over at Amber. "Come here and kiss me baby," she said to her as she moved her mouth towards my cock. After a brief moment of hesitation, Amber leaned toward her. Their lips met around the head of my cock. I could feel their tongues flicking at each other as they kissed each other passionately around my flesh.
The sensation was... strange. Not unpleasant, but not as good as an old fashioned blow job, if I'm being honest. But sex is about so much more than just physical sensation. The imagery and atmosphere of these two women kissing each other and moaning around the head of my cock was profoundly erotic.
And then Cindy's mouth was gone and Amber's lips were sliding down my length. I groaned as she took me deep into her throat. Cindy was leaning down to kiss and caress Amber's bare breasts.
Heather was changing positions. Her dress was just gone now, lying forgotten on the floor next to the couch. She was facing away from Mario as she straddled his legs, lowering her open pussy towards his impressive shaft. Her eyes were glazed over with lust as she used one hand to help guide him toward her opening. As soon as she felt him line up with her, she sank completely down on him, sliding him all the way inside her.
"Fuck yes, it's so big!" she moaned. "I love how you stretch my tight pussy!"
Darren stepped next to her as she rode Mario reverse-cowgirl, and she leaned forward slightly to take his cock in her mouth, moaning around him as she tasted herself on him.
Cindy was tugging Amber's dress the rest of the way down. Amber stopped sucking me so she could assist with removing it.
"Let me taste you baby," Cindy said softly as she gently pushed Amber onto her back on the floor. Amber's blushed slightly as she made brief eye contact with me and then spread her legs as Cindy crawled between them.
Cindy was on her hands and knees with her ass towards me. I watched as she reached back and raised her skirt up over her hips as she leaned forward to lick Amber's pussy. I climbed out of the chair and positioned myself behind her.
I paused right at the verge of entering her. "I don't have a condom Cindy."
Her knees slid further apart, opening herself up more to me. Having now been invited twice, I placed my hands on her round ass and slid fully into her wet heat.
She moaned into Amber's pussy and Amber echoed her with one of her own. I began to slide in and out of her and gave her ass cheek a playful slap.
Darren was already cumming in Heather's mouth, his whole body rigid as a powerful orgasm claimed him. Once Heather had drained the last of his semen from his cock, he stumbled backward and sat heavily on the end of the couch.
Heather climbed off Mario as soon as Darren left, getting down on her hands and knees on the floor. Mario didn't need any instruction, quickly dropping into position behind her and forcefully ramming his big dick back inside her.
"Yes! Fuck yes!"she wailed. "Pound my slutty pussy with your huge fucking cock!"
Mario grabbed her hair in a fist and pulled her head back as he increased his pace, the sound of his pelvis slamming into her creating a hollow 'thwop' sound as he drove into her. I could see the inner lips of her pussy gripping his cock every time he pulled out of her.
"That's it! Rough fuck me!" she cried, "give it to me! Oh, give it to me!" Her voice rose an octave and cracked mid moan as he pummeled her. "God, you're so fucking hard! Don't stop! I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum on your fat dick!"
Amber was having an orgasm as well, moaning softly as Cindy ate her. I could feel Cindy contracting around my shaft and knew she was also close. Mario slapped Heather's ass loudly as he thrust deep into her, bellowing as he came. I realized I was cumming as well, my load spurting into Cindy.
..............................
Darren and Amber left after that. Darren seemed a little out of his element, now that he'd cum. He had brought Amber over to impress Mario, but hadn't counted on Heather getting Mario's focus. Amber seemed a little disappointed. I was as well. I felt pretty confident that the look she gave me said that she wanted me to fuck her.
The rest of the night was filled with more sex. At one point, Heather wanted me to help Mario spit roast her again. I realized that the last time we had done that together was all the way back at the beginning of all this during one of our first encounters with our friend, Josh.
Seeing it done on Heather, Cindy asked for us to do the same to her as well. It was at that moment when Mario's friend, Randy, finally arrived long after we'd forgotten he was coming. He let himself into the garage since he knew that's where the party would be.
To say he was surprised to find Cindy naked on all fours, taking my cock from behind while she sucked on Mario, would be an understatement. There probably aren't words to describe what he felt when an equally naked Heather demanded that he stay, and was soon riding him on the couch.
Somewhere in the middle of all of it, I had a surreal moment. I thought about how this had started years ago with sex toys, and fantasies born of realistic looking dildos of seeing Heather with other men. From those fantasies, to showing Josh a video of her, to spit roasting her together. And now all this time later with multiple encounters with other men, and Ginger in between, we were back to me and her in the same room having an encounter together. What a long, crazy journey it had been that led us to here.
Epilogue
We went over to Mario and Cindy's fairly often after that. Darren got fired from his job with Mario and disappeared from the scene, but Amber stuck around. About a month after Mario's party, I finally got to fuck her.
We met some other like-minded people at their place, expanding our circle of friends and lovers. I showed Mario and Cindy the gang bang video that Heather had made. They thought it was so hot that they arranged another one. I participated that time as Heather took on five of us while Cindy filmed it.
The manufacturing plant where Heather worked did go through a series of lay offs. Heather survived the first round of cuts, but not the second.
This made me decide to start looking for opportunities outside my comfort level. About six weeks later, I got a new position across the country from where we lived.
It was bittersweet saying goodbye to all of our friends and family, with promises to visit often. Then we packed up and moved to a whole new area where we didn't know anybody.
I was unpacking boxes in the room that was going to be our new home-office area of our new house when Heather walked in carrying my laptop. She set it on the desk and then placed the small camera that looked like a key fob on top of it.
"What's this?" I asked as I walked over to the desk.
Heather's lips quirked in a sexy smile. "I decided to go to the dealership about a week before we left," she replied.
"Really?" I asked, my surprise showing in my voice.
"Yes," she said as her smile widened, "I was hoping that Doug still worked there, which he does."
I could already feel my cock getting hard.
"He was sitting at his same desk when I walked up to him. I was wearing that same slutty outfit you made me wear for the Hotwife challenge."
I could see that insatiable lust burning behind her eyes as she continued.
"I told him that we were leaving and handed him a room key to the hotel we usually met at. I told him to take the rest of the day off because it was his last chance to use me and make me be his slut."
I swallowed, "And then what?"
She smirked and tapped the small camera with her finger. "And then he did."
She turned and walked out of the room.
"Enjoy," she said over her shoulder.
The End of Our Journey
Author's Note: Thank you for coming along with me on our journey. The intent of this series was to chronicle the path that led to us being the people we are now.
I plan on writing some additional stories, but they'll be more one-off situations telling of some of the other adventures we've had. There are some new opportunities in our new city, and we're both excited to see where they lead.
If you enjoyed my work, I welcome your feedback.
Once again, thank you for reading.