A regular Guy And His Hooker
Chapter 9
Just then, the store's phone rang, startling the girl. She ran to the front of the store and got the phone. I don't know who called or what it was about but it killed the mood, for sure, The young girl hung-up and walked quickly back to the dressing room where my hooker was still waiting for her, but she grabbed her clothes and told us we needed to take off. RATS-foiled again!
We both got dressed and walked a couple of shops down and got dinner. (I never did buy any long pants!) After we ate we took a short walk around town, but it was getting cold, so we headed back to our room. The motel we were at had an out-door whirlpool so we suited-up and walked down to relax. We'd made a couple of mixed drinks and took them with us in the plastic tumblers we'd brought along. No one else was there, so we took off our robes and got into the HOT whirlpool tub....it felt AMAZING! It was somewhere in the low 30's outside and the water was about 100. We just chilled in the steam and bubbles enjoying the relaxing situation. After about 20 minutes, I felt a hand sliding up the leg of my swimsuit. I glanced to my right but my hooker was just sitting there with her head back and her eyes closed. I did the same thing and enjoyed her hand finding my cock and gently playing with it. I was not hard, but it did not take long for her to change that!
I had just started to reach for her pussy when we heard the gate to the whirlpool open. Looking up I saw a man walking in wearing a robe and sandals. He looked about 35 or so, short blond hair. He walked over to where the two of us were sitting in the water and asked if he'd be intruding if he joined us. I told him "Of course not!" My hooker just looked up at him and smiled. The man then took off his robe to reveal he was wearing a pair of skin-tight jammers, that left nothing to the imagination! His package looked to be about the same as mine when soft, but when he turned around to take off his sandals we both saw what looked to be a near-perfect guy's ass! As he turned again now towards us and walked to the steps of the whirlpool, I noticed that he appeared to have no body hair on his chest or even his under-arms.
The man slowly submerged himself into the hot tub joining us. He sat right across from us and said - I didn't think it was this hot in here! We kind of laughed a bit then he stood partly up, reached across to me and said "I'm Mitch!" We exchanged names and we all just kind of made some small talk. This entire time, my hooker had continued playing with my now VERY hard cock! Turned out that Mitch was a swimming coach at a high school in Lake Tahoe, and he was taking a drive down to L.A. to visit some friends. He's stopped for the night and was going on in the morning. The talk flowed easily and eventually got to the point that he was telling us about some adventures he'd had on the road with his swim teams.
I had always been curious about something and was now comfortable enough to straight out ask Mitch. "Is it true that competitive swimmers shave their body hair?" Mitch gave a coy smile and answered "It's not mandatory at all schools, but it is at mine. Yes they do, both the girls and boys." "Is that to provide less friction in the water?" I asked, now getting a bit turned on by where the conversation was going. "Exactly" Mitch replied. "that's why we all wear the very tight, body-hugging suits as well. The coaches usually wear "jammers" like what I have on now, but the students on the team wear the smaller brief-style. These leave no doubt about just what each guy is packing, believe me! The girls wear a very tight 1-piece that just barely covers their tits, ass and pussy. All of the kids on my squad were 18, and a couple of the guys have trouble fitting into the Speedo's!
My hooker had been sitting there quietly, still playing with my cock under the cover of the steam. She finally spoke up telling us that she'd been on the girl's swim team when she was in high school, and that the girls had helped each other shave in the locker room showers because "it's kind of tough to get everything on the "back-side" yourself!" She also told us that the coach had demonstrated the "how-to" to the rookies using a couple of volunteer girls from the team. "The two girl volunteers had stripped naked, walked into the showers to get wet, then back to the locker area. Each one took a turn laying on the bench, legs spread wide, while the coach lathered up the girl with shaving cream and proceed to remove all the hair around the girl's pussy. Then the girls stood up, turned around and leaned over the bench, sticking their asses up in the air while the coach finished them off. She also demonstrated how to properly remove all the hair from their legs and arm-pits. Then the coach got naked too, and the 2 volunteer girls performed the same thing on her!" Then she asked Mitch "Do the boys go through something similar?"
I had not noticed that Mitch had a drink with him as well, but he then took a big swig of it and answered my Hooker. "As a matter of fact, yes" said Mitch with no sign of embarrassment. "But with the boys it requires a bit more tact and reassurance. As you can imagine, young guys that age almost always have hard-ons. Even when they are not doing anything close to touching themselves, so you can bet that just about all of them were stiff when it came time for me to demonstrate how to shave themselves!" I was starting to wonder how much pre-cum was floating around the hot tub - I felt like I was almost pouring it out the end of me cock by then!
Mitch continued "Before we go into the showers, I gather the rookies on the squad and explained what was going to happen to reassure them. I told them that one of the older boys would be allowing them to watch him shave himself to teach the new guys how. I also told them that I would be assisting the volunteer because there are spots on the body that are hard to reach yourself and that they would need to watch this as they will likely be helping each other. The looks on the boys faces usually range from fear to over-excitement! Last year I had 7 rookies. After the chat we all walked into the locker room near the showers.
The older boy was waiting in his Speedo, and after greeting everyone he said a few words to the newbies. He told them that before the day's practice was over that all of them would, at some point, have a hard-on. He told them that it happens to every boy on the swim team and that it is just a natural thing, not to be shy or embarrassed about it. He told them that he knows most of them have never been touched 'down there' by anyone else, but that they should just be cool with it - as it's just something all swimmers go through.
With that, the volunteer boy reached down and removed his Speedo, his semi-hard 6" cock springing out. He turned and walked to the shower, got himself completely wet and walked back to 14 eyes about to pop out of their heads! He sat on the bench in front of his locker, reached in and got a can of shaving cream. He applied the foam to his entire crotch and picked up his razor. I was standing behind the rookie boys, starting to get hard myself! The boy slowly removed the hair around his now hard cock and the front side of his balls. He also got the hair that went up to about his waist." Mitch had began to play with his own dick under the water, or at least that's what the movement of his arm indicated,
Mitch went on, "At that point I walked around the rookies and up to the volunteer and told them that this was where having someone help you comes in. The volunteer boy then stood up, turned towards his open locker, spread his legs and bent over holding the bench with his hands. I then took the shaving cream and lathered up his ass from just below his waist down to the back side of his balls.
Dead silence filled the locker room! I proceeded to shave the boy's butt clean. When I got down to his balls I gently took them in one hand and pulled down gently. I then carefully finished shaving the boy. He stood up, hard as a rock and walked to the shower and rinsed off. While he did that, I told the audience that the boy would now do the same thing to me and that they should ask anything they were not sure about.
When the volunteer boy returned from the shower, he "modeled" himself for everyone, showing them just how smooth he was. One hand went up from the rookies. He asked if he ever cut himself while shaving. The volunteer said "No, but until you get the hang of shaving, I recommend that you go slowly." Seeing no more hands go up, I told the group that the volunteer would now help me shave. When I lowered my jammers, there were several sighs, as I was hard as a rock.
My hooker spoke up and said "I'll bet that was the 1st time the boys had ever seen a grown man with a hard-on!" Mitch only smiled and continued the story. I had the volunteer boy go first, so I turned around, leaned over and grabbed the bench much as the volunteer had a few minutes before. I then spread my legs as far apart as I could and the boy began to lather up my ass and balls with the shaving cream. The boy interjected that another important thing that will help prevent nicks and cuts is having a sharp razor every time. He told them that he only uses a blade 4 times then puts a new one in his razor, and that he NEVER uses a disposable razor.
He then began to slowly start to shave my ass from the outside upper waist down in long, slow strokes. When he was at my crack he used his left hand to part my cheeks and gently shave there, going all the way to my puckered hole.
Just about then, the timer on the jacuzzi bubbles clicked off. No one said anything. But now we could all see each other clearly under the water. Mitch had lowered his jammers to his ankles and my hooker had done the same with her 1-piece suit. Mine was down to my knees. Both Mitch and I had raging hard-ons and my hookers nipples were pointing out as far as they could go. Mitch went on with his story...
To be continued...