Sam
"Fuck, I want you so much," Adam, my Saturday night guy, groaned into my ear as he slid his fingers into me in the back seat of the Uber. We were on our way to my apartment from the bar where we'd just met. "I can't wait to feel your wet cunt wrapped around my cock."
I moaned and pulled him into another deep kiss, spreading my legs open further and grinding on his hand as my pussy throbbed and clenched. It turned me on so much to have a stranger's hand up my dress, inside my panties.
Then I pushed on his arm so that his fingers slid into me deeper.
Adam growled and fingered me harder, faster, his thumb pressing into my clit. That pressure caused me to pull back again, gasping and moaning.
His other hand gripped a fistful of my hair, forcing my head to tilt back so that he could suck on and bite my neck and ear.
"Hey, cool it back there!" our driver shouted, likely getting an eyeful of my pussy in his rearview mirror. And an earful of my moans. He was older, probably in his late 50s or early 60s, and clearly not in the mood for our fooling around.
I reluctantly pushed back on Adam's chest and arm until his fingers slid out of me, streaking my wetness along my thigh.
"Sorry, sir," I managed, glancing up at the mirror and making eye contact with him. I'm sure he saw the wild look in my eyes, giving away how turned on I was to have an audience to my sluttiness.
"We're less than ten minutes away from your destination. Surely you can wait until then?" he replied, snarkily.
"Yeah, but where's the fun in that?" Adam answered, winking at me. "We could make your night a lot more entertaining instead. And there would be a big tip in it for you."
"Not in my car," he snapped back, effectively ending the conversation.
Adam and I smirked at each other, and I had to bite my lip to keep from laughing too hard.
"Big tip, huh?" I whispered.
"Yeah... I have a different big tip for you, too," he said, pulling my hand onto the bulge in his pants.
I bit my lip and couldn't resist giving him a playful squeeze before moving my hand away, glancing back at the driver. "You better cool it," I teased. "Or we'll end up having to walk the rest of the way."
But rather than responding to my warning, Adam caught my hand and pressed it back down on his bulge, guiding me to stroke him through his shorts. "You want to get fucked right in the back of this Uber, don't you?"
I giggled nervously, but didn't stop him. Another shiver and tingle rushed over me through each of my limbs. I couldn't help my reaction, so turned on by his words and the feeling of his hard bulge in my hand.
Then he slid his arm around my shoulders, his fingertips brushing lightly over my bare skin, playing with the thin strap of my dress until it slipped down my arm. His eyes trailed down my cleavage as he leaned in again and whispered, "You're such a slut, aren't you? Wanting to get fucked and put on a show for an audience?"
I just nodded, not trusting myself to answer aloud again without yelling or moaning too loudly.
His words made me think of my neighbor, Chris, and I smiled to myself, an idea forming. I knew it would be fairly cruel to tease Chris even more after I left him hanging last night, when he tried to convince me to go home with him. But Adam was right: the thought of having an audience was definitely a huge turn-on for me.
"I need to be inside you the minute we get to your place," he said then, bringing me back out of my thoughts.
I moaned, clenching and writhing in Adam's arms, nearly causing my dress to slip down completely. Then I leaned my head back to whisper into his ear, giving him an even better view down my dress. "I want to feel you taking me right away. Burying your hard cock deep inside my pussy, fucking me hard and fast."
Adam groaned, and slid his hand down my chest to grope my left breast through the fabric of my low-cut dress and bra, pinching my nipple and biting my ear lobe.
We somehow limited ourselves to dirty talk and semi-discreet touching for the rest of the ride; slowing the buildup of tension.
Then, when we finally pulled up to my building and got out of the car, I glanced up at Chris' window. I saw that there was a light on in the living room of his apartment. He might be home. So, I sent him a quick text as Adam made his way around the car to me.
Sam: Are you home?
Sam: There might be a show for you to watch in a minute ;)
Then, I clicked my phone back off and got out my key to let us into the building. Adam's hands were on me again right away, groping my breasts as he pressed himself into me from behind, grinding his hard cock against my ass and kissing and biting my neck.
We made our way upstairs like that, fumbling and laughing together.
"God damn, how far up are you?" he finally asked when we reached the third floor landing.
"One more," I chuckled.
"Fuck that... I'm too impatient for another floor," he teased, suddenly yanking my dress and bra down, exposing my breasts in the stairwell.
I gasped and moaned, stopping to press back into him as my pussy throbbed from the excitement of being exhibited like that, even in the empty hall.
Adam's hands replaced the fabric right away, cupping and squeezing my bare breasts, his palms rubbing against my hard nipples. He kissed my neck as he leaned over my shoulder for a better view and mauled my chest.
We finally made it to my apartment, and I led us straight into my bedroom, stumbling and kissing the whole way. Adam's mouth trailed down my neck to my chest, and he bent to wrap his lips around my nipples one at a time, teasing them with his tongue and sucking on them.
"God, you have such great tits," he groaned, pulling back to pinch and toy with my nipples some more.
"Your mouth feels so good," I moaned, holding onto the back of his head, wanting to encourage him.
He grunted and sucked harder, then reached around to squeeze and slap my ass again.
"Strip for me. I want to see that big ass, too," he commanded before finally pulling back, flopping down to a relaxed posture on my bed. He leaned back on one elbow, stroking himself a little through his shorts as his eyes pored over me.
"Okay," I smiled, taking a few steps back towards my window. I pushed the curtains open further for "a little light," glancing briefly over to Chris' window again. He wasn't in his bedroom yet. Or if he was, he was hiding out and peeking around his closed blinds. Still, I put on the best show I could, just in case he started watching at any point.
I took my clothes off slowly and as seductively as I could, bending over deeply in both directions to make sure I was giving Adam the show he wanted, too.
"You're so sexy," he complimented me. "It's so hot that you like putting on a show like this."
"Too bad our driver didn't think so," I joked, smiling back at him.
"Yeah, his fucking loss," Adam chuckled.
I laughed too. Then I moved on to him, peeling each piece of clothing from him like I was unwrapping a present.
"I want you to be rough with me," I told him while tugging his shorts down, off his legs. "Keep telling me what to do and use me like a slut."
Adam groaned, and his hard cock twitched in his boxer briefs. "Put your mouth on my cock," he commanded right away.
Smiling, I crouched down in front of him, holding onto his knees as leverage. I leaned in and brushed my nose over his bulge lightly at first, breathing in his musky, manly scent. Then I barely touched my lips to his tip before gliding them along his cloth-covered length. I looked up at him as I slid my lips up and down around his cock. Then I hooked my fingers into the waistband of his underwear and tugged them down slowly, revealing him inch-by-inch.
"Fucking tease," he moaned, smiling down at me.
When he finally popped free, I moaned and reached for him, cupping my hand around his balls and the base of his cock. I knelt down and swirled my tongue around his tip, earning another groan.
Then Adam brought his hand to the back of my head, applying gentle pressure to push me down onto his cock, as if testing the waters.
I moaned loudly, wanting to encourage him as he raised his hips, forcing his cock between my lips. I sucked on his head hard and fast right away, sliding my lips down his cock to take him in as deeply as I could, gagging myself on him within the first few bobs of my head.
"Fuck! Such a good little cock-sucking slut, aren't you?" Adam groaned, letting me control the pace as he gathered my hair in his hands.
Then he took over, getting into it and pushing down harder on my head, thrusting up at the same time. He forced his cock deeper down my throat, not stopping when I gagged on him. "That's it... take my cock down your throat, you fucking whore. Choke on it."
I groaned and gagged, my pussy throbbing and eyes watering from the brutal treatment. Then, I slid a hand down between my legs to rub my clit, needing to relieve some of the pulsing pressure.
"Oh god," he moaned, watching me touch myself as I continued sucking as hard and fast as I could. Whenever he paused from thrusting into my mouth, I took advantage of the opportunity to rub my tongue along his shaft.
After just a few strokes like that, Adam grunted and pushed me back from his cock. "Get up on the fucking bed," he ordered.
I moaned and smiled, wiping my lips as I got up to follow his directions, feeling excited about whatever might come next.
"On your back," he commanded, grabbing me by my hips and pinning me down right where he wanted me, quickly moving between my legs.
Then he pushed into me, groaning and thrusting fast and hard right away, not giving me a chance to stop him or tell him to put on a condom, even if I wanted to. It turned me on so much to feel him just taking me that way. I yelled out, squeezing around his cock as he picked up pace until he was pounding me into the bed.
"Take my fucking cock, slut!" he yelled, fucking me aggressively.
"Yess!" I moaned loudly, squeezing around him. I dug my fingers into his back, nails scratching. "Fuck me! God, just like that! Don't stop! Use my slutty pussy!"
"Ugh! Fuck!" Adam grunted, suddenly clenching and surging into me.
I felt his hot cum shooting into me and moaned, smiling and running my hands all over his chest and arms. I was so turned on to feel him lose control inside me so quickly, and I clenched my pussy around him, wanting to squeeze every drop of cum from his pulsing cock.
"Shit!" he cursed, pushing himself deeper and holding there.
Then he collapsed on top of me, pinning me down with his full body weight and breathing hard into my neck.
I laughed and moaned, wrapping my legs around him and squeezing while my fingers trailed up and down his back with a lighter touch than before.
"That was fucking amazing," he muttered against my skin, trailing kisses up my neck.
"Mmm," I moaned, "Yeah, the way you were fucking me felt really good."
"Good," he said, kissing me on the lips once more before getting up, pulling out of me slowly.
I realized as Adam gathered up his clothes and started redressing that he was done and getting ready to leave. Immediately, I felt disappointed that he hadn't made me cum. But knowing that he had gotten what he came for and was unconcerned with my pleasure somehow turned me on even more.
"God, I've really been needing that. Thanks," he said as he dressed at record speed.
Then, after giving me another quick kiss on the cheek, he just left. Without asking for my number, or even a polite, "We should do this again sometime." I felt so slutty and used. He came inside me and thanked me, like I was a hooker or something. Why did that thought cause my pussy to throb so hard? This was a proper one-night stand, if there ever was one.
As I heard the front door of my apartment click closed behind him, I flopped back on my bed and laughed, still reacting to what had just happened.
Then my phone chimed with a text. I remembered suddenly that I'd invited Chris to watch and looked out the window towards his apartment as I reached for my phone. Sure enough, he stood in his bedroom window, holding his phone in one hand and his hard cock in the other.
I smiled and checked his message.
Chris: Where's the fire?
I laughed again, feeling giddy with sluttiness as I texted him back, while Adam's cum dripped from my pussy.
Sam: Good question lol
Chris: That was hot, but it didn't look like you came
Sam: I didn't
Chris: But you need to
I couldn't help noticing the lack of a question mark on that text. He wasn't asking me.
Chris: I need to taste your hot cunt right now
Chris: Use my tongue to flick your clit until you're pushing my face down into you
My pussy clenched again, throbbing almost painfully as I imagined Chris' mouth on me. But he couldn't really mean he'd do that right now, after another guy just came inside me... right?
At first I just stared back at him, across the street. Then I had to know.
Sam: He came inside me
Chris: I saw that
Fuck. More throbbing.
Chris: Tell me you want it
Sam: I do
Chris: Beg me to come over and make you cum over and over with my mouth and my hard cock
Oh god. I looked over at him and reached down to touch myself as I typed my response.
Sam: Pleasee
Chris: Please what? ;)
Sam: Please come over and make me cum
Chris: omw ;)
The ninety seconds it took for Chris to make it down the stairs of his building, across the street, and up to my apartment door, seemed to last longer than Adam did inside me. And I was so horny and fired up at that point that I didn't waste any of that time second-guessing whether I was making the right choice to fuck him again. It didn't even feel like a choice at that point.
He already had his shirt off and pants unbuttoned by the time he got to my door. When he saw me standing there naked and waiting for him, he pulled me roughly into his arms right away, kissing me hard and moaning, groping. He hoisted me up into his arms and carried me the last few steps back to my bed, nearly tripping on his pants as they fell down to his ankles.
"Shit!" Chris yelled, practically tossing me down on the bed, then kicking his shoes and pants off the rest of the way.
I laughed as I bounced down on the bed, then sat up to reach for him, pulling him down on top of me.
Chris groaned into my mouth as I kissed him again. Then he pulled back, sliding down my body and pushing my legs open, moving between them quickly.
"Oh, fuck!" I gasped as his lips clamped down around my clit right away, sucking and licking.
He moaned into me, pressing down on my inner thighs and licking lower, all around my lips. I knew he must be tasting Adam's cum, and that thought brought me right to the edge.
"Oh my god, I'm gonna cum!" I yelled, pushing on his head, grinding and writhing already.
Chris groaned and renewed his efforts, quickly sliding two fingers into me as his mouth returned to my clit. He rubbed and fingered and licked and sucked all at once with such enthusiasm that I came apart in an instant, screaming and bucking under him, holding his head in place and riding his face through what was probably the most intense and fastest orgasm of my life.
He moaned and didn't stop sucking my clit until I came down and had to push his head back, suddenly sensitive following the intense pleasure.
Seeing Chris smile up at me from between my legs with his hair tousled from my fingers, his chin glistening with my wetness and another guy's cum from my pussy, had to be the sexiest thing I'd ever seen. My face flushed and furrowed with pleasure, and my pussy clenched once again.
"I need you now," I breathed, reaching for him and pulling him onto me again, desperately. "Fuck me, Chris."
He moaned into my mouth as I kissed him and sucked on his tongue, tasting everything. We fought his underwear down together, and then I reached around to squeeze his ass, holding him against me and grinding on his hard cock as he kicked them off the rest of the way. Then his hands slid up my thighs and around to my ass. He squeezed and pulled, shifting my hips up more towards him until he was grinding and sliding his cock between my swollen lips.
"Please!" I begged, breathing against his lips. I reached down to wrap my hand around his hard cock while I lifted my hips further, attempting to guide him to my opening.
"Fuck!" Chris groaned, looking down and watching as I put him inside me.
We moaned together as he sank into me. I was so wet that he slid in fairly easily. But even though I'd already been fucked that night, Chris' big, thick cock still had a lot of stretching to do in order to fit inside me.
"God, you're still so tight," he commented, pushing deeper slowly with each thrust.
"You're so much bigger than he was."
"Yeah?" he asked, his cocky smirk returning. "Deeper?"
With that question, he pushed into me the rest of the way, suddenly bottoming out inside me.
"Oh, fuck!" I moaned, squeezing around him, my back arching. "Yess, so much deeper!"
"Mmm," Chris moaned, starting to move again as I gradually relaxed around him.
He picked up speed, moving a little easier inside me. It felt so good whenever he'd push deeper and thrust harder into me.
Chris seemed to notice as he listened to my moans and felt me clench around his cock. Then he leaned back onto his knees and lifted my ass a little higher onto his thighs so that he could push deeper into me, at a slightly better angle.
"Oh, fuck!" I yelled, reaching down to rub my clit as he fucked me.
"That's it, cum on my cock, Sam," Chris said, thrusting faster and harder until he was grunting with each thrust. "I'm gonna make you cum over and over. Show you what you've been missing."
"Oh, my god!" I moaned, building up again suddenly. I pressed harder onto my clit, rubbing faster.
"Cum!" Chris barked.
And then I was, as if he'd pressed a button to trigger my release. I yelled out and spasmed as my body erupted into another intense orgasm.
As soon as mine started, Chris let go and grunted through another few thrusts before a gush of cum exploded from his cock.
"Fuck!" he yelled, thrusting his cum deeper into me.
Once he'd emptied himself into me, Chris leaned down to kiss me, moaning and slipping his tongue between my parted lips.
I combed my fingers through his hair, tugging again as we kissed, squeezing my legs around his waist.
After a few moments, Chris pulled back to keep thrusting. He leaned back on his heels and held under my ass, propping my hips up at an angle. I kept rubbing my clit, feeling the pleasure mounting again as his cock rubbed against me from the inside with each thrust, creating a wonderful friction.
"Oh god!" I moaned, gasping and breathing harder, suddenly realizing how close I was again already as I clenched around his cock. "That feels so fucking good!"
"Your pussy feels so amazing. I love feeling you coated with my cum as I fuck you."
I moaned and looked up at him as he held me and pounded away with his huge cock, sliding easily in my messy pussy. It was too much, feeling him hitting me so deep, going faster and harder as I kept rubbing my clit. Before I even fully realized it was happening, I was cumming again, moaning and yelling, clenching and writhing.
Chris groaned, falling forward over me. "Fuck!" he cursed, laughing and smiling as he held me tight with his cock deep inside me, my swollen walls still squeezing around him. "God, that feels so good."
I moaned and smiled with him, my chest heaving as I relaxed after yet another intense orgasm. Then, I couldn't resist pulling him in for another kiss as he hovered over me, his lips so close to mine once again.
"Mmm," Chris moaned into me. His hand slid up into my hair as we kissed, caressing and wrapping it in his fingers.
Then he gripped a handful of hair and tugged roughly, just as he pushed into me with another sharp, deep thrust.
I gasped and arched up towards him, my thighs clamping down around his waist.
He just smirked and moaned, his lips sliding down my neck as he kissed and sucked on my skin there.
"God, I love making you cum, Sam," he growled into my ear, nibbling on it. "I want to feel it again."
"Fuuuck," I groaned, arching under him, my toes curling.
He groaned, then pulled back suddenly, and all the way out of me.
"Please..." I begged, already moving to pull him back onto me.
"Don't worry, I'm not stopping," Chris smirked, winking at me as he pushed my legs up and then to the side. "Get on all fours."
Despite his command, I hardly had to move at all. He flipped me onto my stomach and then dragged me up to my knees by my hips. Then he pushed back into me right away with a groan, thrusting hard as he pulled me back onto him.
"Oh god!" I yelled, feeling how deep Chris' cock went as he resumed fucking me, hard and fast.
He kept going, fucking me from behind with unrelenting force. His balls slapped against me near my clit, and it was almost enough to make me cum again without touching.
"That feels so fucking good!" I moaned, looking back over my shoulder and pushing back on his cock, meeting his thrusts.
Chris groaned, letting me do the work, squeezing and slapping my ass as I rode his cock.
I smiled back and moaned, gradually picking up speed until my ass bounced on him. I reached down to rub my clit again, and soon I was moaning and cursing through another orgasm.
"Fuuuck!" Chris grunted, slamming into me and shooting a second load of cum into my pussy as I clenched on his cock.
"That's such a hot view," Chris moaned as we both calmed down. He squeezed and slapped my ass again once my bouncing had mostly stopped. "I need a video of your ass bouncing on my cock like that, Sam."
I laughed and blushed, remembering the video he already had of me bent over just like this, with his cum leaking out of my pussy. "I don't think I'm in any state to say no. If only you'd asked..." I teased.
Chris groaned, bumping my ass again with his hips to make it jiggle. "Fuck, lesson learned."
I laughed and moaned as he gradually resumed thrusting, building back up to a hard, fast tempo.
"Ohh, god!" I moaned, once again getting wrapped up in the amazing feeling of his cock stretching me, filling me deeply. I continued rubbing my clit, reaching back to tease his balls as they slapped against my pussy.
"That feels so good," Chris said, sucking in a breath between his teeth as he fucked me. "I've been wanting you so much, Sam!"
I clenched around him in response, unable to hide how it turned me on to hear him admit to wanting me like that. I couldn't help it; having Chris' attention felt good. Especially hearing that he'd been thinking about me, while there was probably a line of girls vying for his attention and for his big cock.
"You like that, don't you?" he asked, as if reading my mind.
"I don't know what you're talking about!" I teased, barely getting my sentence out before he punished me with a sudden, hard thrust. "Fuck!"
Chris laughed at my exclamation, continuing the harder thrusts. "Sure about that?"
Rather than answering, I just leaned forward, moaning and rubbing my clit as he brought me closer to climax once again.
"You feel so good squeezing around my cock," Chris moaned, his hands squeezing and caressing my ass and hips.
His touch caused my skin to tingle. Then he pulled my ass cheeks apart, his thumb sliding between them and rubbing over my puckered hole.
"Oh god!" I moaned, clenching again as soon as I felt it.
Chris pulled back out of me again, causing me to cry out in protest. But those cries quickly turned into moans as I felt him spreading my ass again and swirling his tongue around on me there.
"Ohhh fuck!" I yelled, pushing back on his mouth, instinctively.
Chris moaned and squeezed my ass, pulling me onto him harder as he pressed his tongue in and around my hole.
Then he started up a thrusting motion, and I lost it, moaning and thrusting with him, feeling his tongue pressing in and nearly breaching my asshole. I could feel wetness seeping out of my pussy as I rubbed my clit faster, moaning uncontrollably until I was cumming hard with his tongue on me again.
Chris waited until I started to cum before he pulled back with a groan, quickly straightening up and thrusting back into me, fucking me through my orgasm as I clenched around his cock again.
"Fuck, you feel so good, Sam!" he yelled, and kept thrusting hard and fast, extending my pleasure.
"Oh, my god!" I moaned, my fingers flying over my clit as he continued to fuck me hard and fast. "Chrisss!"
"Oh fuck! Fuck fuck fuck, I'm cumming!" he cursed, groaning and suddenly shooting a third load of cum into me.
Feeling his hot cum shooting into me triggered me again, too. It made me feel powerful, to make him cum like that. Especially knowing how much power he seemed to have over me, too.
Still rubbing my clit, I clenched and came again on his cock, squeezing everything out of him as I pushed back on his cock once again.
"God damn!" Chris cursed, giving me one more hard thrust before slowing down to regroup.
"Mmm," I moaned, laying down to rest my face down on the bed, my ass still up in the air and pressing onto Chris as his still-hard cock continued to throb inside me. "Not getting tired, are you?" I teased, looking over my shoulder at him.
He laughed, bumping me forward with another thrust and a slap on my ass. "Maybe a little. But I'm not stopping until I feel you gushing on my cock again."
I felt another tingle as soon as he said that, but bit my lip to hold back my reaction. "But I just changed my sheets," I joked.
Chris laughed, but then pulled back. "Good point. Maybe we should lay a towel down first."
He offered to grab one, so I directed him to the hallway closet and then moved aside as he draped one of my biggest, thickest bath towels over the middle of the bed. Then he smirked and patted his hand on the towel, indicating for me to lie down.
I smiled and blushed, moving into place. "Are you sure you don't want a rest? I could get on top instead," I offered.
Chris just shook his head, guiding me back into position on my back. "Nah, I'm good."
I had to admit to myself how much of a turn on his stamina was, as he moved back between my legs, only a slight sheen of sweat on his forehead even after all the hard fucking he'd already accomplished.
"I loved hearing you moaning my name like that," Chris said, leaning in close until our lips were only centimeters apart.
"Yeah, I gathered that," I teased, smirking, but not pulling back.
He smiled back and then leaned in the rest of the way, brushing his lips over mine in a soft kiss.
I felt another tingle between my legs as he kissed me. And then again. As we kept kissing, I slid my hands up his chest, over his shoulders, and behind his head again, pulling him deeper as he moved over me and pulled my legs back around his waist. I moaned and clenched as he slid his still-hard length along my slit once again. Then I teased his tongue into my mouth and sucked on it as he sank back into me with a groan.
"Fuck," Chris gasped, finally pulling back from the kiss to hold himself up over me, thrusting in deep. "I can't get enough of feeling you squeezing around my cock like this."
I moaned, my face contorted in pleasure as I looked into his eyes while he moved inside me.
He held my hip, moving around a bit and thrusting at different angles, stretching me more. I felt him vying for the right angle to make his head rub against my g spot, building me back up and trying to make me squirt on his cock, like he'd done the last time we were together.
Then he reached down, pressing his fingers onto my clit and rubbing as he fought to grind his cock against the same spot inside me.
"Oh, yes!" I yelled, feeling the familiar pressure building up again quickly as he kept grinding.
"That's it. Soak my cock again, Sam. I need to feel it again. I've jerked off so many times remembering how it felt to make you squirt like that. And watching the video of my cum dripping out of you. I think about it all the time."
Chris' words made me moan louder, and I pressed my hips up, encouraging him to rub my clit faster.
Then he slid his other hand under my back, gripping a handful of my hair and yanking it back once again, causing my back to arch, my breasts pressing into his chest. He buried his face in my neck, kissing, sucking, and biting me there as he continued thrusting and grinding into me. At that angle, I felt his cock rubbing against just the right spot inside me every time he moved.
"Oh fuck, right there!" I moaned. "That's it, don't stop!"
Chris growled into my ear, pushing harder on my clit. "Cum hard for me, Sam!"
I felt the pressure building up once again, my thighs shaking as I kept grinding on his fingers and cock.
Chris seemed to study my every move and expression, kissing my neck and rubbing my clit faster as he fucked me, guiding me closer to a big release.
"Oh god!" I gasped, when I could tell I was close.
I pressed back on his chest until he was holding himself up over me again.
"Right there... faster..." I panted, squeezing his arm to hold him in place.
"Like that?" Chris asked to verify as he continued fucking me at an angle, his cock rubbing inside me, up against my g spot.
"Yes! Fuck, just like that!" I moaned.
I gripped two fistfuls of the bed sheets and arched my head back as Chris kept up the fast, shallow thrusting, his eyes poring over me.
"Oh god, I'm gonna cum!" I warned as I felt it building up, the pressure feeling like a geyser waiting to erupt.
Chris bit his lip, a look of pure determination on his face as he flexed his hips and kept thrusting against my spot, faster.
Then I felt it, and let go. "Right there! Now!" I shouted, moaning and pushing back on Chris' chest again until he pulled out just as a fountain of liquid gushed out of my pussy.
I watched as his eyes flashed with surprise and then gleamed with pride as I writhed and gushed on his cock.
Chris groaned and leaned over me, kissing me deeply as I continued panting and moaning. Then he sank into me for a few more deep thrusts before emptying another load of cum deep inside me.
"Fuck!" he cursed, flopping over beside me once he'd finished cumming.
I laughed and moaned, leaning up to inspect all the wetness between my legs. Luckily, most of it had landed on the towel. I knew I should get up and start cleaning up the mess, but I let myself flop back down instead, resting and luxuriating in the moment.
"Hope that makes up for the douchebag that left without making you cum," Chris said.
"Yeah, I'd say it does," I laughed. "And then some."
"Good," he smiled, slapping my thigh playfully.
"I would say that it's even making me regret not taking you up on your offer last night, but it seems like getting you all riled up like that was part of the fun," I teased.
Chris laughed. "Well, you definitely got me riled up. And I think I've discovered a new favorite hobby."
"Oh, yeah?" I asked, turning my head to look at him, smiling.
"Yeah," he smiled back. "Making you mess up your clean sheets."
I laughed and squirmed around a little, feeling the wetness under me. "The towel was definitely a good idea."
"I hope you have a durable mattress cover."
"I hope so, too."
"A worthy investment."
I kept laughing, feeling giddy from all the orgasms.
Neither of us made any move to get up as we kept talking and laughing together.