Many thanks to "secretsxywriter" for editorial assistance on "The Helix Man."
*****
The Helix Man, Chapter 01
Airman Kenneth Grant waited anxiously while the brass from the base commander's office arrived. In a few minutes, he would be briefing the dignitaries. His job was to demonstrate the new Helix exercise machines recently installed on the old stage in Arnold Gym.
The 20-year-old had been working for Morale, Welfare, and Recreation for over a year. Among all of the Airmen in MWR, they had selected him to attend a seminar given by the Helix inventor, Mr. Jonas Arthur himself.
Grant was proud to be the primary Helix trainer for all of Ireland Air Force Base. He also liked the fact that he could wear a special uniform consisting of an MWR polo shirt, shorts, and running shoes. An engraved rectangular plate pinned on his shirt identified his name and rank.
Airman Grant had rigorously followed the principles for the system. He'd used the machines every other day to increase his fitness. In addition, he'd thoroughly studied the Helix training book, hoping he would not get flustered when it was time to speak to an audience full of officers.
At last, Lieutenant Colonel Tim Kelly the Deputy Base Commander arrived along with a very pretty female lieutenant from the Public Affairs Office. A photographer from the base paper was also on hand and had already begun snapping photos of the equipment and the VIPs.
Airman Grant's demonstration went fine, and LtCol Kelly tried several of the machines, which made for a good photo opportunity. What livened things up for the crowd, was when the lieutenant tried using the deltoid machine. Of course, in her uniform, consisting of a blouse and skirt, it greatly constrained her freedom of movement.
The action of the machine required that she spread her arms back at the shoulders and then press the padded bars together in front of her. She was quite bosomy, and doing the exercise really made her chest thrust out to strain against her blouse. She didn't pop any buttons, but Grant noticed the photographer taking quite a few shots of the lieutenant's efforts. He thought it was all good-natured fun, but he wished he could have one of those photos for himself.
As the VIPs were leaving, Grant kneeled down to wipe off the machines with a towel so they would be ready for the next person's use.
"Excuse me," a pleasant voice asked.
Grant stood up. It was Lieutenant Victoria Williams from the PAO. He smiled, "Yes ma'am, how may I help you?"
"I wanted to thank you for the demonstration. And...I think I'd like to come back and try using the equipment sometime," she said.
"Oh, yes ma'am. The machines may be used every day from oh-seven-hundred to twenty-hundred. This system is very good for both men and women. You can use them very effectively to tone muscles without putting on bulk."
"Really? That surprises me," Lieutenant Williams said. "Have you ever known any women who achieved long-term results using the Helix?"
"Yes! I actually met the inventor, Mr. Arthur, and his wife, Kerri, at the training seminar. She's used the system for years. And believe me, she looks great!" he enthused. "Here, let me give you a brochure. You'll see what I mean."
He picked one up from a stack on his desk. On the back cover was a photo of the bespectacled Helix inventor and his very fit looking and attractive young wife in a bikini.
Lieutenant Williams looked at the shapely girl in the brochure and smiled. "That's reassuring, but I just don't know if I can remember all of the different techniques you described."
"That's no problem at all. Monday through Friday, I can give walk-throughs on any of the machines you wish to use. In fact, here's an exercise sheet. You can use it to track the weight you're using for resistance and how many repetitions you do. That way, you can see how you're progressing." He had been talking so fast, he was now breathless.
"Thank you, Airman Grant. I'll try to come back soon!" The lieutenant said and turned to leave.
"Oh ma'am," he called after her, "if you come around sixteen-hundred on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, it's less crowded. The other two days, the courts are scheduled for volleyball and basketball games." He did not mention that he also played on those teams and didn't want to miss her if she happened to come back.
She smiled and waved as she left the stage. Airman Grant admiringly watched the sway of her hips and her shapely legs as she walked away.
Now that all the fuss was over, he had to get back to his other duties. There was a contract janitor service that took care of cleaning in the gym, but they didn't come in every day. As a result, he had to check the locker rooms below the stage, pick up any used towels or trash, and make sure everything was neat and clean.
As he walked through the women's locker room, he found little that needed doing. There were not that many air force women on base, and he rarely saw any other females using the gym. Grant thought that perhaps more would come now that they had the Helix systems.
When he'd completed his walk-through of the locker room, he stopped and took a set of keys clipped to his waistband and opened the door to the storage room. It held cleaning supplies and a deep sink for washing out the mops. In addition, there were stacks of folded towels, and boxes of florescent and incandescent light bulbs. Some of the building's heating pipes ran through the storage closet, so there was a louvered transom over the door for ventilation.
Stepping inside, he pulled the string on the overhead light bulb, but nothing happened. He tried again and surmised it had burned out. It was the maintenance team's job to fix something like that, however, he believed in doing things himself if he could.
He used a five-foot stepladder leaning on one wall to climb up and remove the bulb.
While he stood on the ladder, he could see through the louvered transom down into the women's locker room. He realized he even had a clear view all the way through into the shower entrance.
With the light off, he wondered if he could be seen looking out the louvers. It gave him a quivery feeling to think of spying on ladies in the changing room—if there ever were any who used it.
He found two old coat hangers in the storage room and draped a white towel over them, propping them up about a foot away from the louvers. Closing the door to the storage area, he walked around to the changing room and sat on a bench. He could not see the towel at all. It was reasonable to assume that someone standing on the stepladder and peeping out wouldn't be seen either.
Grant removed the towel and hangers, and put the stepladder to one side, out of the way. If he ever needed to, he could quickly reposition the ladder. He relocked the door and went back to his duties.
After the base paper published the article about the Helix equipment, there was a definite increase in the systems' use. Grant thought they should have used a picture of Lieutenant Williams, instead of the deputy base commander. He knew a lot more men would have come to use Arnold Gym just on the off chance the lieutenant might be there.

The Helix Man, Chapter 02
It was a tension-filled day for Lieutenant Williams and the Public Affairs Office. General Officers were visiting the base for briefings and overseeing readiness inspections. For the PAO staff, it seemed like there was one "crisis" after another. Yet, Vicki managed to resolve the constant schedule changes and assuage the many competing egos.
That evening, the GOs finally boarded their aircraft and flew away to where someone else would have worry about them. Now she was ready for a workout to relieve her stress. It had been two weeks since the Helix demonstration, but finally as she had promised, Vicki returned to Arnold Gym carrying her duffel bag.
Up on the stage, Airman Grant was sitting at his little table with his back to the door. Hearing her high-heels on the hardwood court, he turned and waved.
"Hello, Airman Grant!" She smiled as she joined him, handing him a sheet. "Here is my exercise matrix. Are you ready to help me on the machines?"
"Yes ma'am," he grinned as he fastened the paper on his clipboard. "Please sign-in on the roster."
As Vicki was writing her name on the list, he continued, "Just take the stairs to your left. The women's locker room is down below the stage."
She smiled and went to change. As she descended into the basement, Vicki was expecting the locker room to be dismal and grungy. She knew the U.S. Army Air Corps had built the gym back in the 1940s for use during World War II. To her surprise, although it was quite old, it looked clean and well maintained.
A short time later, she came back on the stage wearing a light blue tee shirt and yellow shorts. She had also undone her chignon, taken down her hair, and tied it in a ponytail. Vicki noticed her transformation from polished officer into looking like a college girl made an impression on Airman Grant.
"He's so cute; his little tail is almost wagging!" Vicki chuckled to herself. "I might just have a little fun and tease him a bit."
She had brought along a water bottle and a towel to wipe off the machines. She looked eagerly at all of the equipment. "Where should I begin?"
"We'll begin in just a moment lieutenant. First, I need to get your age, height, and weight so I can properly setup the Helix machines for you."
Vicki nodded, thinking he'd probably like knowing her measurement too, but answered, "Of course...I'm 26-years-old, 67 inches tall, and weigh...118 pounds."
After Grant wrote the information on her exercise matrix he said, "Before using the Helix machines I recommend you always do some light calisthenics as a warm-up."
Vicki agreed, and he led her through a routine targeting her arms, torso, back, and legs. While stretching, they stood facing each other a few feet apart. It certainly wasn't as intimate as dancing together. But nonetheless, she could see it made Airman Grant a little self-conscious.
At last, they stopped and he said, "The first system I'd like you to try is the 'leg extension' machine. It tones the quadriceps."
Grant showed Vicki the proper technique and reminded her to try doing at least eight repetitions on each of the Helix machine she used. Then he set the weights for her and noted the amount on exercise sheet.
Vicki sat down and put her legs behind the pad while he helped her adjust the seat for her height. She then began slowly extending her legs and returning them back to the starting position. "This seems pretty easy."
"I could increase the weight, but you shouldn't put too much stress on your knee joints," he warned.
Grant continued watching her closely as she finished the set. Undoubtedly, he was ensuring she used the correct technique. She also captured his attention by arching her back and 'inadvertently' pushing out her prominent breasts.
Although the weight was so light it wasn't any work, Vicki thought she'd ramp up her teasing by uttering a soft "Um...umm..." as she rhythmically extended her legs.
When she finished the set, Vicki thought she was definitely getting to him.
Grant's ears had reddened, and he cleared his throat before saying, "Let's move on to prone leg curls...it's another exercise for the quadriceps."
Again, he demonstrated the procedure and had Vicki lay down on the machine. When she was in position on her stomach, she hooked her heels under the pads.
"Now begin pulling against the weight, and work your hamstrings," Grant directed.
As quickly as she could, Vicki brought her feet up towards her rear end and then slowly lowered the weight to the starting position. Although Grant said she could easily handle the weight, Vicki felt herself straining hard to complete the upward motion.
"This is a really good exercise for toning the legs and your gluteus maximus," he explained.
"I'm sure it is!" Vicki thought to herself. She could actually feel her bottom clenching under the thin material of her shorts. Since she was lying face down, she couldn't see Grant. However, she knew exactly where he was looking; her "bubble butt" was sticking up in the air. Vicki imagined she must look like one of those women strapped down in erotic spanking art.
The weight setting made her loudly gasp "Unh...unh...unh," as she performed each leg curl. However, this time she wasn't faking just to get a rise out of him. It really was hard work.
When she finished the eighth repetition, Vicki climbed rather slowly off the leg curl machine. She got her bottle of water, and took a drink. "Whew," she sighed, "I can really feel that working the muscles in my legs!" She took her towel and dabbed at her face and neck where perspiration was dampening the collar of her tee shirt.
Grant checked his watch and gave Vicki just a couple of minutes rest before leading her to the overhead press system. "You've had a good workout of your quads and hamstrings. Now we'll do some work on your triceps—the backs of the arms, and your deltoids—the shoulders."
He showed her how the system worked and then adjusted the weight down to 35 pounds. As Vicki started exercising Grant said, "This helps tone your arms and shoulders...and helps you keep a nice taper down to your waist." Seeing her frown a little, he said smiling, "Not that you don't already have one...it will help you keep it that way!"
Vicki gave him a tight grin back, nodding, and began pushing up on the bars. Thirty-five pounds sounded light, put she soon found it took some effort to continue raising the weight above her head. Grant moved around the apparatus, watching her exertions. Again, she began uttering "Umm...,"each time as she the lifted the bar.
With each push, she could feel her nipples poking out against the damp cloth of her shirt. Between the little moans she was making and him looking at her breasts, it was having the effect on Grant that she wanted.
Unfortunately, using the overhead press was hard work. She was getting tired and was going to have to stop playing around with the young Airman. After six repetitions on the machine, Vicki was thinking of giving up.
The Helix Man, Chapter 03
Sensing she was ready to quit Grant said, "Come on lieutenant, try and do two more!"
Her arms shook with effort, and he saw Vicki was worn out.
"Here, I'll spot you," he said, stepping up facing her and straddling her legs where they hung down in front of the seat pad. He placed his hands on the bars either side of hers and helped her lift.
"You've made it too hard! I can't do it," she gasped.
"Yes you can! Come on and try!" he urged.
Grunting with effort, at last she managed to get the weight fully to the top. "That's Seven! Now one more!" he said coaxing her on.
Standing in front of her, the insides of his legs were touching her knees. He was only a foot away from her face, and she was staring at his chest. He could imagine she felt trapped between him and the machine.
With what seemed her last ounce of strength, she tried lifting the weight one more time. Airman Grant helped and she finished eight repetitions. Then she let the bars drop as he stepped away.
"Outstanding! Way to go L - T!" he said grinning and clapped his hands at her success.
Vicki wiped her face and hung the towel around her neck.
Grant wondered if she had noticed the way her nipples were standing out and was trying to cover them. By now, the upper part of her tee shirt had a wet V down between her breasts, and perspiration was dappling the cloth below them.
"Can I take a break?" Vicki asked as she drank more water.
"Only just a minute, then you need to move on to the next set," Grant said, while motioning her to the chest exercise apparatus.
"This is to work the pectoralis major—your chest, and the anterior deltoid—the front shoulder muscles," he said. "But, you should already know how to use this one. It's the same system you tried during the Helix demo."
As he spoke, images of that day flashed back: of her amazing body and the way her breasts had thrust out. Since then, they had fueled his fantasies. But today's session was turning out way beyond even his fertile imagination.
He knew what she was up to—the way she was showing herself off—but he was enjoying the hell out of it. "If I'm lucky...well, we'll just have to see," he thought.
Grant refocused himself and notice Vicki grimacing at the idea of doing even more exercises. He said, "Lieutenant, you have to remember how much good this is doing for your body!"
She smiled resignedly and lay back on the pads.
"Just a moment. I need to raise the seat up just a little bit for you."
She began exercising. At the beginning of the movement, her arms were out to the side and angled back from her shoulders. Just as it had happened during the demo, the exercise made her breasts strain against her sweaty tee shirt.
Grant watched as she pushed against the weight while crossing her ankles to help keep herself in the seat.
"Unh...unh...unh," she groaned, almost whimpering with each lift as she tried to complete the set.
He thought by now that her arms must be feeling like wet noodles. Grant knew she was about at the end of her strength and tried to encourage her. "Just one more lieutenant...you can do it!" he said his voice rising.
Vicki gasped and let the weight drop when she completed six lifts. "Oh my god!" she said, "This is killing my arms!"
"Ok, I think we are just about finished for today!" he said.
Vicki seemed too tired to reply and nodded her head.
"There is just one more exercise I want you to try today," he said, guiding her to the final apparatus. "These are called the hip abductor and adductor machines. They're for working your hips and thighs. It also helps to shape and tone your legs, something that I know ladies want to have," he said, trying not to sound too personal.
He showed her how to lie back and then hold on to a set of grips with her hands. The exercise required pressing against the resistance with her thighs and calves. "The first set you will do is the hip abduction exercise," he explained again.
Vicky sat down, and he adjusted the pads into the proper position for her legs. She was reclining, and other than to hold on, she didn't have to use her arm muscles.
Grant stood in front of her glancing down as she spread her legs apart and then slowly brought them back together. The movement stretched her shorts tightly over her crotch. Then when she pressed her legs back together, it made her mons bulge between her legs. He could tell Vicki realized how exposed she looked, but she seemed resigned to get through the set as quickly as she could.
Grant was fighting his own internal battle as the lieutenant's legs parted and squeezed together. It was not much of a leap for him to imagine her sex opening and closing underneath the shiny cloth of her running shorts.
Trying to keep his voice sounding normal, he gave her the next instructions. "Now you're ready for today's last set...using the hip adductor," he said handing her the water bottle.
Vicki took a swallow and sat on the machine straddling the thigh pads. The position made her start with her legs splayed out to the sides as if she was doing the splits. Grant set the weights for the abductor, and she began squeezing her legs together.
"I'm really running on empty..." Vicki gasped as she worked the machine.
"You're doing fine!" Grant encouraged. "Only a few more repetitions and you'll be all done!"
Again, he tried to speak calmly although inside he was almost ready to burst from watching her. Her nipples were now hard as pebbles and poking through her thin bra and the wet tee shirt. Spreading her legs back and forth almost did him in. He could feel himself swelling and thought his pre-cum was probably making his shorts wet.
At last she finished, almost collapsing by the end. "That was very good Lieutenant Williams!" he said congratulating her efforts.
The Helix Man, Chapter 04
"You're probably going to have some soreness in your in your muscles tomorrow." Grant said. "If you do the stretching exercises I showed you, it will help you to get over it."
"Thanks, Airman Grant," she said, signing out on the roster. "I don't think I could have done as well as I did without your help and motivation!"
"That's not a problem. I'm really glad you came today and I was able to help you get started using the Helix," he replied.
"Now you need to cool down by walking around the workout area, drinking sips of water, and moving your arms in slow circles. You should continue those easy movements at least four to five minutes. Keep it up until your breathing has returned to normal and your heart rate has slowed," he said.
As Vicki left the stage and began walking around the gym floor, Airman Grant called after her, "Now that you've started Helix, don't give up on it!"
And with a friendly wave he said, "I want to see you back here on Wednesday ma'am!"
After walking around the gym floor for a few minutes, Vicki couldn't wait any more and dashed to the basement stairs, and down into the women's locker room. She quickly disrobed and grabbed her towel, shampoo, and soap from her bag. The old, octagonal black and white tiles felt gritty against her bare feet. She told herself to bring shower shoes next time.
With her breasts jiggling, Vicki scampered back to a row of toilets and popped into the nearest stall. She'd needed to go badly for so long but felt she must wait until Airman Grant had finished his instruction. At last, she sat down and sighed.
Other than the sound of her peeing, she could only hear a faint, echoing drip from somewhere in the distance. The sound made her shiver. It felt creepy sitting there in the stall naked, all by herself in the otherwise empty locker room.
Her husband Tony constantly worried about her in situations where she was alone and vulnerable. Vicki always reassured him that she was careful and could watch out for herself. Nevertheless, the sound of someone's feet shuffling startled her.
"Hello?" she called out. Her voice reverberated off the tile as though she was in a cave.
No one answered. Draping the skimpy white towel across her breasts, she peeked out the stall door. There was no one there, and all was quiet again.
Vicki told herself it was nothing...maybe a mouse. She flushed the toilet and headed into the shower area. It was basically four freestanding titled walls with an entrance on one side. She hung her towel on a row of hooks and tried turning on several taps along the back wall. When none seemed to work, she moved over to a set near the doorway.
Finally, water erupted in spurts from the one of the shower-heads, although it was freezing. She turned the handle as far as it would go and put her shampoo and soap in a wire basket clipped to the wall. Eventually, the pressure became a steady flow, and the temperature warmed up. She thought there must not be anyone else in the gym taking a shower if she got such great results.
Vicki turned around, throwing her head back allowing the spray beat against her breasts and tender nipples. After the workout that Grant had given her, the hot water felt heavenly.
"Oh my poor nippies!" she thought.
Vicki rubbed them between her thumbs and fingers, hoping it would help. She cupped her breasts towards the spray. It didn't ease the soreness, but she loved feeling the sting of the peppering water drops—at least for a short while.
When she couldn't take it any longer, Vicki faced away from the spray to let it beat into her shoulders and back. Every muscle in her body ached. However, the heat and force of the pounding water was driving the knots of tension from her shoulders.
She put her hands at her crotch, pressing against her sore inner thighs and squeezing her breasts between her arms. She wished she could stand there soaking for hours.
After some time, Vicki stepped from under the spray and leisurely shampooed her hair. She then began thoroughly washing the sweat from her body. She rubbed the soap over her breasts, down her stomach and lathered her pubes. Bending over, Vicky soaped her legs, feet, and ankles. Then she reached behind her to suds her shoulders and back. She let the steaming water flow over her, washing the soap away before she turned off the shower-head.
Grabbing her towel, she began drying her hair as best as she could. It was so thick and heavy, she needed a hairdryer to do it thoroughly, but that would have to wait until she was home. Leaving her towel behind, she stood nude before the bank of mirrors and sinks along another wall and combed out her damp hair.
While she was looking in the mirror, Vicki thought about Airman Grant watching her exercise. "He's quite the little horn-dog," she thought. Since leaving the toilet stall, she hadn't seen or heard anything. Suddenly, she wondered, "Did he sneak down here trying to catch a glimpse of me naked? Could he be hiding somewhere?"
Other than the storage closet, there was no place he could conceal himself. On impulse, Vicki hurried to the door and tried to jerk it open. It did not budge and appeared to be locked.
"Oh, Vicki," she thought, "you really let your imagination run away didn't you?"
She turned on her heel and went over to her locker. Without bothering with her bra and panties, she dressed in her jogging suit.
"What if he had been hiding in the closet? That would have been quite a scene!" she told herself.
Vicki checked her watch while tying her shoes and realized she was running late. "Tony will be really pissed and worrying about me!"
She stuffed the rest of her things back in the duffel bag and hurried up the stairs. As she walked out of the gym, a group of guys were shooting hoops. She was conscious of all the eyes following her. When she got to the door, she looked back at the stage.
All the Helix users had gone, and Airman Grant was nowhere in sight.
-End-