I was driving down a road in central Florida on a summer afternoon. It was one of those hot and bright June days. I saw three ladies hosting a garage sale. It appeared to me they were still open.
I was wearing my black, see thru short shorts. They have one inch slits in the front part. I had on 20 rings around my balls. When I walk, my balls bounce up and down and thru the slits which most women notice immediately.
I turned my car around and drove back to the garage sale. I parked on the lawn and got out. I looked around and noticed there were no other patrons, I saw three ladies who were sitting behind a table, I watched their eyes as I approached them and noticed, they were looking at my shorts. I walked right up where they were sitting. They were at the perfect height with my shorts. I could tell they were enjoying this.
I said "Hi, are you still open?"
The lady who was sitting in middle said "Yes, but we are getting ready to close. You can look around if you want too."
I said "Okay. It sure is hot today and I am glad you are still open. My name is Ben."
The same lady said "Hi Ben, my name is Linda." Pointing to her right she said "This is Mary." And pointing to her left said "This is Kathy."
I said hi to Mary and Kathy and started to look around. I found a couple of books by Clive Cussler and picked them up and said "How much are the books?"
Mary said "The books are 25 cents each."
I said "That's a good price."
I kept the two books and continued to look around. I didn't find anything else I needed or wanted. I walked back up to them and handed Linda a dollar and said "I take these two books. I really like Clive Cussler books especially the one's that feature Dirk Pitt."
Mary said "I like his books too. I just finished reading those two. Both of them are great, especially Deep Six. That one is very interesting."
I said "Great. I haven't read neither of these two. But I will read Deep Six first."
Mary said "You definitely will enjoy it. And I hope you don't mind me saying, I like your shorts. With the sun behind you, it shines right thru them."
I said "Thanks. I'm glad you like them. I forgot about the sun's position. I'm sorry about that."
Mary said "No need to be sorry, I like what I see."
Linda and Kathy nodded their heads and Linda said in a soft low voice "I like your shorts too. I also like what I can see."
Kathy said "Me too, it's almost like you have nothing on."
Still looking at my shorts, Mary said "What are those metal rings I see?"
I said "I have on 20 rings around my balls. I'm glad you like my shorts so much and what you can see. But it feels good wearing them when it's hot like it is. It helps keeping everything cool."
Linda said "If you like, we have a pool in the back yard. The water is cool. After we close, we plan to take a dip. Would you like to join us?"
I said "Why not, sounds good to me. I need to cool off."
Mary said "Fantastic. Linda, what do you say we close up now!"
Linda jumped up and said "Lets do it."
Mary and Kathy got up and the three of them started picking up things and placing them inside the garage. I helped as much as I could. It only took us a few minutes to get done. Kathy closed the garage door. They went inside and I followed them. We ended up in the kitchen.
Kathy asked me "Hey Ben, would you like a beer?"
"Yes, that sounds good."
Mary and Linda walked into the kitchen with their bathing suits on, Wow, Mary has a thong bathing suit on. I can see her who ass and it looks nice, very nice. Linda had on a skimpy bikini. Kathy left and returned shortly with her's on. She had a thong also and it looked great on her. We all had beers and walked out to the pool. They had one of those buy in the store pools. It wasn't that deep but probably will be cool enough.
I took off my shoes, socks and shirt and laid them on a table. They were watching me. I slowly lowered my shorts and removed them and laid them on the same table. I was standing there naked in front of the ladies who all were nice looking. My dick was starting to get hard .I started stroking until I was rock hard.
Mary came over and said "Nice, now I can get a better look at those rings especially with your dick so hard. They look so sexy. Why do you wear them?"
I said "I started wearing them about 15 years ago. I enjoy wearing them. Also, with my rings on, my balls bounce thru the slits in my shorts when I walk."
I was looking at Mary's ass and said "You look great in your bathing suit."
Mary said "Thank you. When you got here and walked up to us, we all saw your balls and dick head popping in and out. That was so hot. I wanted to reach and out and grab something."
I said "Well with the bathing suit you're wearing, I like to grab your ass. It looks sexy on you."
We started walking to the pool and I said "Kathy you look great in your bathing suit and Linda, where is your thong?"
Linda said "I don't care for thongs."
I said "That's okay, you look great in your bathing suit. It's almost a thong."
We all got to the pool where the ladder was and got in the pool one at a time. We gathered around talking and drinking our beers. My dick was hard and floating on top of the water. They were asking me questions about other adventures I had.
Mary walked over to me and splashed me with the water. She grabbed my dick and started stroking it. That felt really good. Linda and Kathy were watching her. She asked me "Would it be okay if I sucked your dick?"
I said "Yea, Go ahead, it's fine with me."
She got on her knees and had my dick in her mouth in no time. She was squeezing my balls with one hand and holding my dick with the other while her mouth was taking my dick in and out. It felt really good. There was something about Mary that got my attention. I felt something inside.
Linda walked over for a closer look and said "Mary, looks like you are having some fun."
Mary stopped and stood up and said "I lost control and didn't want to stop. It's been a while since I've done that. Ben, you need to come over sometime and let me have some fun with you."
I said "I would like that very much."
Linda said "Mary that is first time in a long time I've seen you smiling. Are you coming out of your shell?"
Mary said "You know, I do feel better."
Linda said "That's great. Kathy and I are happy for you." Linda looked at me and said "Ben, I would like to suck your dick too. Is that okay with you?"
I said "Sure. I love having beautiful ladies like you sucking my dick."
Linda also got down on her knees and starting sucking my dick just like Mary. It was obvious that Linda was enjoying it, but it wasn't the same like it was with Mary. Damn, what's wrong with me? Linda was great.
I said to Linda "It looks like to me you enjoy sucking dicks. I can tell you know what you are doing."
Kathy said "No doubt, you can tell she's having fun."
Linda stopped and looked at Mary and said "I agree with you Mary. Once you start sucking his dick, you don't want to stop."
Kathy scooted over in the water and said "Let me have a try at it" and took hold of my dick and stroking it. She got it really hard. She then lowered herself in the water and took my dick in her mouth. She also knew what she was doing.. All these ladies know how to suck dicks but going back to Mary again. She is very beautiful and has a nice figure.
Kathy stopped and got up and said "That was nice, You have a really nice dick and I agree with you Mary and Linda, you don't want to stop."
I said "That's nice of you to say."
I walked over to the ladder and sat on the top rung. My balls and dick were out of the water in plain sight.
My dick was going down a little but Kathy was right there and started stroking it. When it was hard, she started sucking it again. I was able to watch Kathy sliding my dick in and out of her mouth. After about a couple of minutes, I asked her to stop. She was still going at it. I asked her again, and she finally stopped.
Kathy was getting me close to the edge. I needed her to stop or I would of cum.
I was still sitting on the top rung of the ladder talking with them. Mary asked me "Could you please move so I could get out?"
I got out of the pool and so did Mary. Then Mary asked everyone "Who would like another beer?"
Everyone including myself said yes.
I followed Mary into the kitchen to help her. I wanted to talk with her away from the other 2 ladies. She had the refrigerator open and removed 4 beers.
I said "Anything I can do to help you?"
She said "Grab the bottle opener over there on the counter."
I said "Okay" and walked over to the counter where the bottle opener was and picked it up. I then walked back over to her and handed it to her.
I said "Mary I like to talk with you for a second, is that okay?"
She said "Sure, what do want to talk about?"
I said "You know, I'm having a good time in the pool with you and Linda and Kathy."
She put her hand up and said "Ben, hold on for a second. Would you mind if I talk first."
I said "No problem Mary, go ahead. What do you want to say?"
Mary waited a few seconds and then said "I'm having fun too. You might not believe this, but you have helped me to get out of this rut I've been in. Before you came along, I have been out of it. The sight of you opened my eyes. I don't know why. You can ask Kathy and Linda. This is the first time I have been in the pool or doing anything that is fun."
I asked "What did I do to help you? Did you like the way I walked up to you?"
She said "I don't know, but it's something about you. And yes, I did like the way you walked up to us earlier. I definitely like you standing here naked. I like everything about you."
I walked over to her, grabbed her and hugged her. I looked into her eyes and kissed her. She put her arms around me and held me tight against her. It felt good having my dick pressing against her.
I said "Mary, you have done something to me also. When you grabbed my dick in the pool it sent shivers through me. When Linda and Kathy grabbed it, there was nothing. It was like hookers stroking me. You did not see me looking at you when Linda and Kathy were sucking my dick."
Mary said "No, I didn't look. I didn't see you looking at me."
I said "I'm sorry about that."
She said "Don't be."
I gave her another kiss.
She said "Lets not let them know. I will tell them after you leave."
I said "What about what's going to happen when we go back outside? I mean Kathy and Linda will probably continue doing what they done before."
Mary said "Lets just go out there and have fun."
I said "That sounds good to me. Also, I'm going to try not to cum."
Mary said "I wouldn't mind if you cum, I'm sure it will be hard for you not too."
I said "Are you sure you don't mind? I mean before I looked at you and realize what you did to me, I was having fun with Linda and Kathy. But now, I can't do that anymore. Lets just go out there and get back into the pool and drink our beers and talk."
Mary said 'We can try that, but I'm sure they will want to suck your dick again. Lets go, we have been in here too long."
I carried 2 beers and Mary carried the other 2. We walked to the pool with the beers and handed them out. Mary and I both got back into the pool. Mary stayed closed to me.
I said to all of them "Do you all live here together?"
Linda said "Yes. I actually own this house. We been friends for a long time. Kathy's husband died from prostate cancer and Mary went thru a terrible divorce. A year or so after that, I suggested that they move in with me. They both agreed and here we are."
I said "That was really nice of you Linda. All three of you look happy. I'm sorry Kathy about your husband dying from prostate cancer. That had to be hard."
Linda said "Yes it was hard on her. We were there when she needed us. It was the best thing for her when she and Mary moved in with me. She is a lot better. Right Kathy? And Mary has been in the doldrums since she's been here. But looks like now she is her old self again. Is that right Mary?"
Mary was going to say something but Kathy jumped in before she had a chance.
Kathy looked at me and I looked at Mary and Kathy said softly "I will never forget Charlie. I am feeling a lot better now. So what about you Ben? Have you been married or still married? I see you have a ring on your finger?"
I said "I think Mary was going to say something. Is that right Mary?"
Mary said "No big deal. I just wanted to say I am feeling better now and I want to thank Ben for that."
Kathy and Linda both looked at Mary then looked at me.
I wasn't sure what to say but blurted out "I also went thru a bad divorce. My ex wife actually set me up. We had a terrible fight and that ended it for me. I moved in with my sister."
Linda said "Sorry Ben. Hang on for a second". And then turned back to Mary "Are you alright?"
Mary said "I'm fine. So Kathy, what were you going to say?"
Kathy said "Yea, what is going on between you and Ben?"
Mary said "Nothing is going on between me and Ben."
Linda said "We are going to talk about this later, okay? Now Ben, what in the world happened to you in your divorce? What do you mean your ex set you up?"
I said "Okay, I am sure you all must realize that I am an exhibitionist. Right?"
Mary said "What's an exhibitionists?"
Linda said "You don't know Mary?"
Mary said "No."
Kathy said "I don't know either."
Linda said "Okay Ben. Tell Mary and Kathy what an exhibitionists is."
I said "An exhibitionist is a male or female who likes to show off their bodies to other people. Some men flash women while other's wear see thru clothes. I wear see thru shorts with slits in them. Women wear short skirts with no panties on or see thru blouses without bra's. But men have to be more careful. Like earlier I wore my shorts. You 3 liked them. Other women might turn away or walk around me. While other's call the police. Men love looking at women displaying their bodies. Men would never call the police."
Linda said "You're right. You have to be a lot more careful then ladies who walk around showing off. So you two now know what an exhibitionist is?"
Mary and Kathy both nodded their heads and said yes.
I said "I use to have a room mate that worked at a ladies shoe store, He told me at least once or twice a month he would get a woman in there who would sit down to try on shoes exposing their pussies to him."
Mary said "That sounds interesting."
Linda said to Mary "I thought you might be an exhibitionists. I see how you dress."
Mary said "I don't know. I never done the shoe store thing."
I said "There are different degrees of exhibitionism. For me, most of the time, I am very careful who see's me in my shorts. I never ever wear them anywhere near children or teenagers. Actually, I like older woman, over 40 years. But also, some guys walk around totally naked. I knew one man who always filled his car up at the same gas station totally naked. Unfortunately, he got arrested. Just a matter of time doing something like that. I try to convince him to stop. He just couldn't do it."
Mary said "I understand now. I might be one! I don't know."
I said "How old are you Mary?"
She said "47."
I said "Mary, what about high school? Did you ever show yourself off then?"
She said "Yes, I was a teaser. I dressed very sexy, especially at parties."
I said "Then you got married pretty young?"
"Yes, 2 years after graduation."
"You just never had the time or opportunity to grow into being an exhibitionists. Me, after graduation, I went to college and I did all kinds of crazy things. I lived on campus. The maids saw me naked 100's of times. When female students were walking around the men's dorms, I always left the curtains open and walked around naked when they walked by. They didn't care. Sometimes, they stop and talk and look. It was the culture."
Linda said "So you have been one since when?"
I said "12."
Mary said "Wow, that's a long time."
I said "Yes, you're right."
Mary said "How did that go with your ex wife?"
I said "I told my ex wife during our first date. When I was dating I always did that. So they knew up front.."
Linda said "That was very considerate of you to do that. So if you continue dating, they already knew."
I said "That's right and I did that because if I fell in love with someone, I had no secrets with them. They already knew I was an exhibitionist. My ex wife was thrilled when I told her. What we did while we were dating, and during our marriage, was so much fun."
Kathy said "So if you had lots of fun together, why did your ex wife set you up?"
I said "It's a long story."
Kathy said "Go ahead, we have time."
Mary said "Hold on for a couple of minutes. Lets get another round of beer." This time Kathy and Linda got out to get the beers.
I moved over to get close to Mary. I hugged her and gave her another kiss. I grabbed her ass and squeezed it. She grabbed my dick and stoked it a few strokes. I got hard quickly.
I whispered to her "I want to make love to you so bad."
She said "I want your dick inside of me right now."
Kathy and Linda came back and got into the pool and handed us beers.
Linda said "What did you 2 do while we were gone?"
I said "Not much. We didn't have time to do anything."
Linda looked at us and said "Go ahead Ben and continue with your story. It sounds very interesting."
I said "Okay. Where was I? Oh yea. One night, long ago when our kids were still young. When they went to bed, I usually walked around the house naked. My wife liked it and I liked it too. So this one night, there was a knock on the door. It was around 10:00 pm. I was in the family room watching TV. A few minutes later, my wife calls for me to come to the living room. She knew I was naked. I did not know who was out there. But I know my wife loves it when other women see me naked.
Mary said "You are right Linda, this does sound interesting."
Linda said "Okay Mary. Go ahead Ben and continue."
I said "So, I got up and walked into the living room hard and naked. I saw who was out there. My wife's best friend, Laurie. Laurie was sitting on the floor, my wife on the couch. I stopped right in front of Laurie. My hard dick no more than 12 inches from her face and said to my wife, what's going on? My wife tells me Laurie wants to give you a blowjob. I ask her what did you say? My wife said It's okay with me."
Mary said "You had an interesting wife?"
"Yes I did. Anyway, Laurie scoots over and starts stroking my dick. When I was hard again, she started sucking it. After about four minutes, I cum. She sucked my dick until every drop was out of it. She kept sucking and licking until my dick was clean."
Kathy said "Why did she let her friend do that?"
I said "My wife was very unpredictable. She always surprised me when she set me up for other women to see me naked. But this was the first time another woman gave me a blowjob while she was watching. I didn't know that night why she did that. But I did find out many years later."
I said "So, many years later after I left her, she did a really terrible thing to me. She wrote a letter to my parents and told them that she came home one night and caught her best friend giving me a blowjob."
Kathy said "Why would you ex wife do that? What did you do to make her so upset with you?"
I said "Well. many years later, after our divorce, my daughter was married and had our first grandchild. I went to the hospital to see my daughter and newborn baby. When I got to the hospital room and went in, my ex wife was there. I held the baby. My ex wife was right next to me the whole time I was there. We just said hi and nothing else."
A few weeks later, I went to see my daughter and son in law and the baby of course at their apartment. When I got there, my ex wife was there again. After about 10 minutes, I asked her "Would you please come outside for a couple of minutes so we can talk?"
She said "Okay."
Outside I said "Now that we are grand parents, we will probably bump into each other now and then."
She said "Yes, we will probably be seeing each other a lot."
I said "Lets forget everything that has happened during the last year of our marriage and the divorce."
She said "I agree with you on that. Lets be friends . We can do that, right?"
I said "Yes, we can be friends."
I said "One more thing."
She said "What?"
I said "Why did you send a letter to my parents about Laurie giving me that blowjob? You know I never cheated on you. We both know the truth about that night."
She said "Yes, of course I know the truth. Do you remember the night your came over to pick up our two children. We were separated but not divorced?"
I said "You mean the night you were not supposed to be there when I was going to get the children?"
She said "Yes that night. You came over with your girlfriend."
I said "Yes I know. I would of never of done that if I knew you were going to be there."
She said "I'm sorry about that. I was so hurt, I started crying."
I said "I am little confused. Weren't you the one that filed for divorce? Plus my girlfriend was upset with me because you were there."
She said "I didn't think about your girlfriend. Okay?"
She continued "My parents were the one's that got a lawyer and paid for it. I was not ready for a divorce. I still loved you."
I said "Our marriage was so wonderful. You knew I was an exhibitionists and you a voyeur. We had so much fun together."
She said "We did have lots of fun. I still think about all of the things we did. So many and so much fun."
I said "So you wrote the letter because of the pain of seeing me with my girlfriend?"
She said "Yes, and I am so sorry about that."
I said "I can forgive you. It was both of us that caused that to happened."
She said "Yes, so lets just remember the good times,"
I said "We did have a lot of good times, There is probably a good chance you will see me naked again."
She said "Just like old times. Lets go back inside."
I said to Kathy "It was just unusual circumstances that caused that letter to be written. We both are over that and remain friends."
Kathy said "Any chance you two will ever get back together?"
I said "I don't think so. We had a great marriage. So much fun together. But those times are gone. The book is closed."
Mary said "I think it's time for another round of beers. Anyone else?"
Kathy and Linda and me all nodded yes.
Waiting on Mary I started stroking my dick to get it hard.
Mary comes back with the 4 beers and said "What did I miss?"
Kathy said "You didn't miss anything."
I move and let Mary back into the pool. I get back on the top rung of the ladder.
Mary said "Ben, if you don't mind, I like to suck on your dick again before you leave."
I said "When do you want to do that?"
Mary said "I think now is a good time. I don't mind Linda and Kathy watching."
"I don't either. Mary you can do whatever you want."
Linda said "Go ahead Mary."
Mary said "Okay, I will."
Kathy and Linda walked their way up next to the ladder for a close up view.
Mary said "Are you guys ready?"
Linda said "Yes we are."
Mary started stroking my dick to get it hard again. That did not take long, I was still sitting on the top rung of the ladder. Linda had her hand on my thigh. My dick and rings on my balls were out of water. I also had a nice view watching Mary sucking my dick. She had her lips around my dick head going up and down. She was determined to get me to cum. She was stroking and using her mouth. I could feel the cum starting to move. She knew too. Her mouth was around my dick head going in and out. I shot a long, first load into her mouth. She kept her mouth over my dick head and still sucking hard. More cum shot into her mouth. I kept cumming and cumming. She squeezed every drop of cum out of my dick. She wouldn't stop until I was empty. Not one drop of cum leaked from her mouth. I gave her a big hug and kissed her deeply. I could still taste the cum in her mouth.
Linda said "That was nice."
Mary said "Ben I feel this is only the beginning."
I said "Mary, I agree."
That was the first of many many more blowjobs and our love making started a few days later.
We had many more weekends in the pool but none like the first one. 3 months later I moved in with the 3 ladies, but really, I moved in with Mary. Mary didn't stop me from walking around the house naked. She encouraged it. Kathy and Linda didn't mind either. And of course, when we were in the pool, I am still the only one naked.