My husband had left for work and I stayed in bed till after 10am.
I hadn't slept well, my mind had been in overdrive with Manfred's visit. One minute I was calling him a dirty old pervert and slapping his face, then the next I was lewdly spreading my sex for him as he took pictures and slyly rubbed his cock!
I eventually got up and had a light breakfast.
Following breakfast I took a long hot bath, I waxed my pussy, it was totally bald, not even a landing strip.
My clit was already engorged, I couldn't believe it, the thought of an old man taking pictures of me was making me excited. As my finger brushed my pussy lips I was tingling and immediately slid two fingers in my crack, I was soaking!
Common sense kicked in and I stopped myself.
I decided that I would wear a red dress that was quite short above my knees and buttoned up the front, white 4" heels, black stockings, a white lace bra and panties, both of which were totally see through and a white suspender belt.
Manfred had said that he wanted me to dress like a burlesque queen, well I was certainly looking like a burlesque slut.
I remembered that the last time he had visited he had shown me pictures of his ex girlfriend on his phone when my husband was out if the room.
The pictures were of her in stockings and a tiny thong, it was obvious that there a lot more and more risque pics on his phone.
He was eating me with his eyes as he showed me, I thought it was strange that he should show me these things, she looked the same age as me.
He put the phone away when my husband returned to the room, but as he put the phone in his pocket I saw the outline of his cock straining his trousers, he was that hard.
It looked massive!
I opened a bottle of Proseco and poured a glass to steady my nerves.
Just before 2pm the door bell rang, as I opened the door, Manfred stood there.
Even though he was 62 he looked after himself.
He was tall and slim, wearing a pair of light grey trousers and a white shirt, he was carrying a small leather bag.
As I invited him in he gave me a kiss on the cheek, as he did he pushed his body quite close to mine!
I offered him a drink and he accepted a beer. As I got his beer he complimented me in my dress style saying that I really looked like a burlesque queen.
He then asked whether I'd enjoyed the burlesque show.
As I answered he was taking a camera out of his bag. He then asked if I had fantasised and had imagined myself on the stage, being watched by a lot of guys.
I blushed, he didn't need anymore of an answer, the thought of revealing myself to a group of 40 men excited me.
He then told me to take a seat in the sofa as he started clicking away with the camera.
I obeyed, he was taking charge already!
I took another glass of wine and that calmed my nerves and loosened me up.
When he told me cross my legs, I did so without even thinking. All the time the camera was clicking and he was telling me how good I looked.
When he told me to uncross my legs and cross the over, my dress rode up as I did so.
I looked down and noticed that my stocking tops where on show.
From the angle that Manfred was taking pics, he was crouching down, so he could see my bare thigh above my stocking top.
Manfred was telling me what a success that I'd be if I was on the stage.
I took another drink of wine and felt good.
When Manfred told me to uncross and recross my legs again, I made sure that I did it slowly so he got a flash of my white panties, my dress rode up even more.
Manfred was now standing and telling me what beautiful legs I had as he continued taking pics.
His trousers weren't tight, in fact they were quite loose, but not loose enough.
His cock was hard and making the front of his trousers look like a tent.
At the sight of this my pussy started to twitch, fuck this old pervert was turning me on!
Without him asking I uncrossed my legs and parted them slightly.
Manfred was saying how lovely I looked as he was trying to take pics between my legs.
By now I had lost all sense of reality and my brain was probably in my clit!
I lifted one foot and put it on the sofa, by doing this my dress went up around my waist and my legs were further apart.
My panties were tight over my pussy and Manfred could clearly my crack.
Displaying myself to an old man like a cheap slut was making my pussy drip.
As I spread my legs wider my pussy was that wet that my panties slipped right between my bald pussy lips.
I could see a wet spot forming on Manfred's trousers as he continued taking pics. Fuck he must be leaking pre cum like no tomorrow.
I now started to take control and asked if he wanted to see my arse.
Before he could answer I'd got up and was now kneeling on the sofa with my arse in the air.
My legs where spread wide and I pulled my arse cheeks apart.
My panties had disappeared between pussy lips and my arsehole must have been on display.
My face was buried in the sofa, but I was on fire, I was displaying myself to an old pervert and was loving it, pussy juice was running down the inside of my thighs.
Manfred was telling me crudely what a lovely arse I had as the camera clicking.
Suddenly I felt something touching my arse cheek.
I lifted my head and looked over my shoulder, Manfred was rubbing his hand over my arse.
As I watched he then unzipped his trousers and his cock sprung out!
His cock was long and thick but his cock head was massive, Jesus, it was dripping pre cum like a tap.
He rubbed his cock head up and down my slit pushing my panties further in my pussy, his cockhead was right between my pussy lips.
As he moved it from side to side, opening my pussy further I came!
Instinctively I pushed back and 6" of Manfred's cock slid right up me.
The camera was clicking like crazy, I was still spreading my arse cheeks for him and he was taking pictures of his cock stuffed up my twat!
This went on for a few minutes as he gently slid his cock back and forth up my hole.
He then pulled out, stood up and took off his clothes.
I rolled over onto my back and pulled my soaking panties from my pussy, Manfred was stroking his cock as he watched me do this.
His cock was a good 9" long with a bulbous bright red bell end which was already glistening with my pussy juices.
I wanted it, I wanted it up to his balls in my pussy, I couldn't wait for this old man to fuck me.
When I removed my panties Manfred grabbed them and rubbed them over his face, he looked intoxicated as he inhaled the smell of my sex.
I had my legs spread as wide as possible and was pulling my pussy lips apart for him.
I was so turned on he could have shoved the camera lens in my pussy and I'd have loved it!
My pussy was creaming as he moved towards me I was dying for his cock.
Instead of ramming his cock up me, he dropped to his knees and gave me the camera.
His eyes were fixed on mine as he started licking my crack, his tongue was going everywhere, he was fucking me with it, then he licked my arsehole just with the tip , but when he got my clit out from it's hood and started sucking it, I came again.
As I humped his face he got a couple of fingers in my pussy and fingered me off at the same time.
Somehow I managed to keep taking pictures as he jammed more fingers up my twat.
I was soo wet he could have got his hand up me, but he had other ideas.
I moved back and took the camera again, I lay back with my sex gaping and dribbling juices as he took more pictures.
He then put the camera down and moved forward, his cock head slid between my soaking pussy lips.
He stopped and looked at me, my pussy was splayed with his cockhead.
Fuck me Manfred, fuck your burlesque slut I heard myself shouting as his poker stiff cock ploughed my twat.
His big bell end was tearing me apart and I thought it would never stop.
I then felt his big hairy balls bang my arse, as he pounded me my pussy was making squelching noises I was so wet.
I wrapped my legs around his back so he could dig me deeper.
I started to kiss Manfred as I came, out tongues inter twined as my pussy creamed all over his cock, I couldn't get enough!
He fucked me like this for at least 20 minutes before I felt him tense.
I hear myself telling him to fill me with his hot load as I felt his cock swell and stream after stream of hot cum fill my belly.
We lay together after he came till he got his breath back, he then pulled out of me, fuck his cock was still hard!
I was lying with my legs wide open, my pussy was gaping and Manfred's cum was dripping out, I smiled at him like a cheap slut as he picked up the camera and took photos of my well fucked pussy.
What he did next stunned me, he shoved his cock back in my pussy and then pulled out, his bell end was covered in his spunk.
He then moved so that his cock was in front of my face, I looked directly at the camera as I started to lick the cum off his cockhead!