This is the first of two planned series following the main character named Memphis. Memphis is a navy seal. This chapter covers the life story of Memphis and Amanda with him saving her life on spring break through the first 12 years of their marriage. As a 2ndcousin to the Walton family and the Wal-Mart fortune, she was independently wealthy thanks to a family trust fund. Anyone who is having sexual relations in this story series are 18 years of age or older. No underage sex happens in this story series. Any similarities to the main characters are total chance. Only a few real-life names are real. This is a fictional story. This chapter includes normal teen male and female sex, some lesbian sex, and group sex. This series is set in the future where Judicial slavery is legal. It will start in later chapters with more background information to come as needed on judicial slavery.
Chapter 1 First encounter at the beach
Spring Break in San Diego CA late March of 2030. First weekend together.
I always asked my wife why she loved me so much. Why she would ever go out with me as a beautiful and sexy young 18-year-old blond hair blue eyed former Miss Teen Arkansas has always been a question I asked her many times. She said it was because I swept her off her feet. Truth be told it was because I pulled her out of the surf and saved her life while she was on spring break, her freshman year in college at the University of Arkansas. She had come to San Diego with her girlfriends. Amanda, who was alone in the water, was caught in a rip current and was being pulled out to sea. I was returning alone from the bathroom from drinking way too many beers when I saw her alone in the ocean being pulled out to sea. By the time I got to her from the beach where I was on my swimming my way back to where my buddies and I were partying on the beach(well let's be honest, we were drinking beer around a bonfire and catcalling the females on the beach and playing football) I had to swim a long way against the waves coming in as I managed to get there in time as she had gone under for the 5th or 6th time that I saw. The young woman was struggling to remain above water. I grabbed her and swam parallel to the shore till I could get us out of the rip tide. She was so exhausted and out of breath from swallowing sea water that I used all my stamina and training from having just graduated as a SEAL to save our lives. My friends finally saw me pulling her up on to the beach. They rushed to help me get her to the lifeguard station down the beach to be checked out. They had radioed for an ambulance to take her to the local ER as she had swallowed a lot of sea water and had passed out. Amanda and her friends had been on the beach sunning and drinking lite beer all day and her ingesting large volumes of sea water had led to her being severely dehydrated. Her friends had figured out we were in the Navy on leave from talking to my buddies. I was just grateful to have been in the right place at the right time to save her life. We all returned to get our things as the sun had set and daylight turned to nighttime as our pass was over the next morning. We all wanted to start our first week out as a SEAL without being hungover. Imagine my surprise seeing Amanda 5 days later Friday at lunch after getting called in to the commander's office. I walked in and to report as ordered. The unit CO asked me if there was something I needed to tell him. I looked like a deer caught in the headlights. I could not think of a single thing I or my teammates had done that would be to the level of being called into the CO's office. I stood there for what seemed like minutes with him just looking at me waiting for me to speak. He finally broke into a smile and said there was someone in the back of the room here who wanted to thank me in person. I turned around to see the brightest and widest smile I had ever seen. It was my beach girl I had saved from the ocean. Amanda said she didn't know how to find me without coming to the base. She said she had to see me before going back to school on Monday. The commander asked me what had happened, and I gave him the honest answer that I happened to be in the right place at the right time to see her as the sun was going down while she was being pulled out to sea. Commander Tom Blanks, our CO had listened to her tell her story in private before I got to his office. She told him of her being saved by a SEAL on Sunday afternoon. After showing her a few pictures of team members she figured out who I was.
I am Michael Earl Miller or as my friends call me Memphis from my initials of MEM. I always thought it Ironic as I was from Jonesboro Arkansas which is an hour northwest of Memphis Tennessee. Tom, after hearing her story and much of Amanda's begging for me to get a weekend pass for her to show me how grateful she was for saving her life, granted me the pass to allow her to express her gratitude. Tom told her that if I stepped out of line, he would make the remaining 3 years of my 4-year initial enlistment to the Navy a living hell. She smiled and said she could take care of herself. Amanda would not take no for an answer. I told her as a new E-5 that I do not have a lot of money to entertain her. The cost of living in San Diego is high. Rent, utilities, food, and entertainment leave me very little of my paycheck to get by on. She said I am treating you to the best of everything this weekend. After being granted my weekend pass, I picked her up at her hotel and told her she is in charge this weekend. She took me first to Ruth's Chris steak house. She had made us a reservation for 6pm that night where she fed me a filet mignon and a lobster tail. I had already decided not to drink as I kept hearing my CO say he would make my life a living hell if I screwed up. As I am navy SEAL, my body was a finely tuned machine. 6-foot 4 inch, 220 pounds of lean mean fighting machine that sucked up calories like a starving wolf over a fresh kill. She had the petite filet and shrimp for dinner. A glass of wine for her and we were set. After we started talking while waiting for our order to be delivered, we were surprised to hear that we grew up three hundred miles apart back in Arkansas. Over dinner we fell in love as we talked about our family, home, school, why I joined the navy and so many more topics. After dinner we went back to the beach and watched the final minutes of the sunset slowly followed by a full moon slowly set over the shore where she almost drowned. I pointed out to her how the water flowing away from the beach would pull you out to sea. She had used most of her energy trying to swim back to the beach against the current instead of trying to swim parallel to get out of the tide. The next thing I knew I was being thrown onto the sand on my back and she was laying on top of me kissing me like I had never been kissed before. Her soft wet lips blended with mine as her tongue danced with mine. As it was after midnight now, she looked me in the eyes and told me to take her back to her hotel where she would properly thank me once and for all. That night as we ripped each other's clothes off and they landed strown about, it was all I could do to look away for a split second as she pulled my shirt over my head. I was so afraid that if I looked away for any second that she would disappear from my life. Her 5-foot 9 inch darkly tanned body with her 36-25-34 body with the firm nipples that stood out from her large C cup breasts with no tan lines anywhere to be seen. She giggled and said her sorority girlfriends had been laying out nude in the sun with her and laying in the tanning bed at the sorority house to avoid any sunburn while on vacation in San Diego.
After taking her back to her hotel room, she pulled me inside locking the door behind us. The shedding of clothes, hers, and mine, was in record time. Grabbing her up in my arms, she wrapped her legs around my waist and her arms around my neck with her boobs on my chest. The heat between her body and mine created sweat running down both our bodies. Laying her on gently on her back I climbed on top of her using my hands to hold her hands apart. Her kisses sent electrical current down my body all the way to my toes causing them to curl. Sliding down her body with love bites I suck one breast and then the other which forces her to rub her pussy on my 8-inch cock. We roll over with her on top rubbing her hairless pussy dripping her juices on my cock. She grabs my cock with her hand gently holding it up and brings her mouth and tongue to the tip and starts licking the head of my dick. I spin her around into a sixty-nine position to use my tongue to start licking her outer labia first. Slowly bringing my tongue up to her clit while using my mouth to suck on all her womanly goods. God, she tasted fantastic. Hot juicy and dripping it was now my sole mission to make her orgasm before she made me cum first. I grab her ass with both hand pulling her down to my lips as I lick from the bottom of her mons to her anus. It may have only been a few seconds or many minutes as time was an afterthought as we were in the middle of our first oral orgasm's. I managed to cause her to orgasm just seconds before her body shook from an earthshaking orgasm that shook the entire bed. She continued to bob her head up and down as I started coming in her mouth. She swallowed it all and turned and grinned at me telling me that anytime I wanted another blowjob from now on to let her know. I got up to get us a bottled water each out of the mini fridge as I know I was thirsty. As I get back on the bed, she orders me to lay on my back as she is ready to mount me as all it took for me to get hard again was for her to grab it and stroke it 2 or 3 times. As she swings her leg over my pelvis, with her right hand she holds my cock straight up and settles over it sliding down on it in one motion. As she reaches the base of my cock, I am rubbing her clit with one hand her left titty with the other and my mouth on the other nipple. I bring her to the first orgasm of many in our lives. Her whole body shakes as she continues to ride up and down while wiggling her ass at the same time. Her pussy is so wet as she squirts all over 6 pack abs. By now she has had 3 orgasms in the cowboy position. I tell her to get on her hands and knees as it's time for me to get mine. She rolls off and crawls to the edge of the bed showing me a fantastic ass. She wiggles it side to side and begs me to fuck her hard. I grabbed her by her waist and as I walked up to her and entered her with one swift thrust. After minutes of hot sweaty sex, I tell her I am ready to come, and she tells me to come in her and give her one more orgasm. She looks at me to tell me she has had both the birth control and std prevention shots. I rub her clit with one hand and a breast in the other. As we both reach blast of together at the same time, we stretch out on the bed out of breath. I look into her blue eyes and ask her where this is going. She turns red from blushing as she responds that we will always be together because she has fallen in love with me. Amanda says that she knows I will protect and love her always. I ask her how she knows that as she responds I will tell you when you come see me after the semester is over. I thought I already had my first few years in the navy planned out. A wife was never on the to do list. Next, she looks me in the eye again and tell me she is ready for round 3 or is it 4 now with the blowjob, the cowboy sex, and the doggy style. I tell her to spread her legs and put them in the air as I climb on top for missionary sex. The good thing about being a nineteen-year-old seal in the greatest shape is that recharge time is at a minimum. She reaches up to kiss me as I slowly piston in and out of her dripping wet pussy. After both of us coming again from a toe-curling orgasm, we lay there out of breath. She tells me she has our Saturday all planned out. She wants to go to the San Deigo boardwalk at Mission beach at noon. Then we are meeting her friends to go dancing and drinking for the rest of the night. Sunday afternoon she must fly back home at 3pm. We doze off asleep and wake up at 9 the next morning. I am woken up with her sucking on my dick as it gets hard, and she grins at me as she climbs on top of me again as both of my hands takes her nipples between thumb and index finger. Our lips again touch as my tongue plays tag with her tongue. We finish making love after I roll her over again and finish inside her as her legs are wrapped around my waist pulling me in again and again. After getting up to shower, I tell her I must have food as I cannot live on sex alone. Laughing she tells me that her mother always told her the way to a man's heart is through his stomach. We walked across the street to the IHOP. I ordered a large stack of pecan pancakes with maple syrup with a side order of bacon, sausage, and large orange juice. She orders scrambled eggs with bacon, orange juice and black coffee. Amanda starts talking and tells me that there are 8 weeks of school left. First you will come see me and meet my family and I will meet yours. Then I will be back in 10 weeks to move in with you for the summer. I am floored by her being so forward. We talk about our families, where we grew up, what we want in life, our hopes, and dreams of the future. Surprisingly, here is where I found out we grew up and lived 300 miles apart. I also found out she was on the dance squad for the University of Arkansas. I spy her looking at her cell phone several times Friday night and this morning. I am guessing that she is having some of her girlfriends checking up on her in case they need to rescue her. We hop into my truck and drive the short distance to the pier. I asked her if she wanted me to let her out at the entrance and then go to park and she said HELL NO, I want to be with you every minute this weekend. We finally found a parking lot 8 blocks away and pay to park all day even though we will only be here about 5 or 6 hours before getting ready to go to the bars tonight for drinking and dancing. We walk towards the pier as I get her a bag of cotton candy and us a bottle of water each. Amanda shares her cotton candy with me. Both of our fingers are sticky from eating the cotton candy. She takes my fingers and sucks on them, looking me right in the eye. Afterwards she turns red and says that will have to do as she will suck on something else later tonight. Her phone rang as I overheard her say no mother, I haven't told him that yet. I wonder what it is that she will tell me. Several times at the pier, I see her look at her phone several times. I find myself giving her my heart and soul minute by minute, hour by hour and day by day. I know right then and there that she is my soul mate. We go into shops looking at local mementos. I spy one of those photo booths where you get 4 pictures made and they are printed on the spot. I pull her into the photo booth, and we pose for the pictures. After waiting about 5 minutes for them to be processed, we continued walking down the boardwalk. The boardwalk has a few small carnival rides such as a Ferris wheel. I pay for us to ride as we are one of only other 3 couples in line to ride the Ferris wheel currently. The ride operator spaces us out on the ride by not putting the couples in the cars next to each other. We stop near the top to let on another couple. The operator lets us ride for several minutes stopping occasionally to let people on or off the ride. As it's already midafternoon, we stop at the in and out burger to get a hamburger and fries. We talked about what foods we like. Surprise we like the same foods. I got a double cheeseburger with mustard, mayo, pickles, and fries with a coke to drink. She gets a single cheeseburger with mustard and pickles, fries, and sprite to drink. After eating we decided to go back to the hotel to freshen up before going bar hopping. I asked her where she wanted to go bar hopping at. She tells me her friends picked out Club Marina. It's a bar I've been to frequently. While eating our food, her phone keeps going off with alerts for text messages. I see her take a picture of me and hear the woosh as I know she has sent my picture to someone.
Opening the door to the hotel her phone rings and she answers it saying that it was her mother again. She motions for me to be quiet as she puts it on speaker phone. Her mother asks what we have been doing as she must have known that Amanda was spending time with me. Her mother asks her if I am with her, and she turns red from blushing. Yes Mother, Memphis is here with me. Her mother asks how we are getting along. Mother, we are doing great. We spent the day at the pier and tonight we are going dancing and drinking. Her mother tells her to put me on the phone. Do I call you Michael or Memphis she asks. I walked up to the phone and answered hello. Ma'am, I answer to either name, but I prefer Memphis. Her father and I want to thank you for saving our daughter's life last weekend. You don't know how much our oldest daughter means to us. Ma'am, I can only begin to appreciate her and how much she would mean to you. It was my honor and pleasure to save her life on Sunday at the beach. Amanda told us you're a navy seal. Yes Ma'am, I am as I told her that we were at the beach last Sunday celebrating the start of my 1stofficial week as a seal on Monday morning. Saving her was tough due to the extreme rip tide physically and mentally. Just saving her life was worth every minute of my seal training. I am going to call you Memphis, she said. Has Amanda asked you yet? Asked me what I replied. Amanda wants you to come see us after this school semester is over. Her father and I want you to come and stay at our house for a week. I am shocked and I mouth to Amanda "You want me to do what"? She turns red again as she replies I want you to come stay with me at my parents' home in Fayetteville for a week or so. Why I mouth back as I try to read her expressions. I want to introduce you to my parents and the rest of my family. To say I am shocked is an understatement. I honestly had not planned anything past this current weekend and taking her to the airport tomorrow. I try to tell her mother that I am honored to be invited. Her mother tells me they will not take no for an answer. I told them it would take most of the leave that I have to just drive there and back in my truck. She starts laughing out loud. Amanda, have you not told him yet. No mother I have not had time to bring it up. Amanda, what have you been doing all this time? Amanda is turning even redder and speaking softer. Mother, we have been busy. Laughing she says I was once a teenager too. Don't tell him the rest. Let us tell him after the plans are all made. Save the rest of it for his visit. Yes, mother I won't tell him yet. Well Memphis, my name is Wanda, and my husband is Jim. How are you and my daughter getting along there in San Diego? Now I am blushing and turning red as her mother is embarrassing me. Memphis, since Amanda has not told you, yet you must not have figured out the connection to our last name of Walton. How blind I must have been as I hadn't even asked her last name. Her family's last name is Walton as in the Walton family of the Wal-Mart fortune I ask. Yes, my husband is the first cousin to Sam and his brother Bud. He has worked as the chief marketing officer for Wal Mart for years. Amanda has asked us to welcome you to our house and thank you for saving her life. I look at Amanda and she mouths to me I wanted you to want me for who I am and not my last name. I must be honest by saying I had never even remotely thought she might be related to the Walton family being from Fayetteville. Memphis, we will be sending a jet to pick you up and take you back to California after the trip is over. We need to make some arrangements first. We will even take you to Jonesboro to see your parents and the rest of your family while you are here with us. You do want to see them don't you. Very much so as they have not had a chance to come to California as both of my parents work full-time. I asked her if she wanted to go to Jonesboro and meet my family as well. Amanda is grinning from ear to ear as she tells me that yes, she wants to meet my family. Wanda tells me that the jet can pick you up there in San Diego and fly you here and back to Fayetteville in about 4 hours each way. Would that work for you? I am stunned to think I would ever meet anyone who has a jet available to them. I am shaking my head as Amanda starts laughing while telling her mother that I am speechless and nodding my head yes. Wanda tells me that we will be in touch to discuss dates and times to plan a trip there for early June.
Club Marina drinking and dancing later that night.
Club Marina over looks San Diego Bay. From the entrance, you can see the USS Midway aircraft carrier museum in the distance. I pay the entrance fee to go in. Amanda asked me early Saturday morning to invite my seal squad members tonight. 4 of them agreed to meet us there at 8pm tonight. I see them at a table in the back of the club. We walk over to join them, but Amanda is pointing to one of the party rooms near the bar and next to the stage. There is a local cover band playing tonight on the stage. The stage overlooks a dance floor that is some type of plexiglass with built in lights in the floor. As my team members, Amanda and I walk into the room, I can see we are not alone. Amanda runs to hug the girls who I realize must be her girlfriends that she came out here on Spring Break with. I counted 7 other girls in the group. Every one of them is wearing short party dresses or slinky miniskirts for clubbing. They are all so hot as Amanda motions for me to introduce my buddies to them. Ladies, I want to introduce you to four of my squad members who are single: Danny, Greg, Anthony, and William. Anthony waves to the ladies as he said call me Tony. My nickname is Tony the Tiger, and I am hungry tonight. William not to be outdone says to call him Wild Bill. Amanda's friends are all beside themselves. They look like a pride of female lions on the hunt for prey. Amanda starts pointing to her friends to introduce them. Her friends from left to right are Janie, Maria, Lexi, Kaitlin, Sandy, Tina, and Melissa. Do any of you boys want to dance? We are all on the dance team and love to dance. All 4 of my friends forget about Amanda and myself as they walk over to the girls. All 7 of them gather around the quad group of guys. I can see Tony point to the dance floor as they all make towards the front of the stage and start dancing. Looking at Amanda, I motion toward the dance floor as if she wants to dance and she grabs my arm before I can even ask if she wants to join them. Approaching the dance floor, I can see both our groups intermixed. A couple of the guys are getting handsy on the first dance with the girls who seem to be enjoying themselves. Every now and then I see 1 of the girls getting handsy with a girl too. The funny thing about have mixed numbers of men and women doesn't seem to bother either side. None of the 4 guys seems to be with just one of the girls. None of the girls seem to be jealous of another girl getting attention on the dance floor. Looking at them it's one big group. The band plays for a couple of hours. Then DJ John "the Pirate" Burns takes over. The group has by this time been drinking a lot of beer and shots. Amanda pulls me off to the side. Get all their car keys. I have a couple of limos ready to pick us up tonight. I do not want anyone from either group to be alone or trying to drive drunk tonight. We can make the arrangements to get their car to them on the way to the airport tomorrow. All the girls have said the guys will all be getting lucky tonight. The girls are sharing 4 rooms with 2 queen size beds in each room at the hotel. Let me talk to the guys to see what they want to do. I know without even asking that they will want to spend the night in any one of the 7 girls' bed. I am guessing that most beds will have a threesome in it. The group dancing breaks into smaller groups of mostly 1 guy with 2 women in it as the night goes along. I can see a few other guys in the club pointing at the dancers and trying to break into the groups between. I grab each one of the guys one at a time telling them what I am seeing. Tony told me that Wild Bill and he had already been paying attention to the interlopers. Tony, go to Greg and Danny individually to tell them the plan, let's all stop drinking but make it look like we are still drinking. I will tell Wild Bill the same. I want us to sober up in case there is trouble. I don't want to fight here at the club as there are 9 of them and only 5 of us. Tony The Tiger laughs and reminds me we are navy seals. We may be seals be we are also protecting 8 drunk females. He nods in agreement, and I see him move to Danny first and Greg a minute later. Let's try to keep the girls in the party room until we are ready to leave. All 5 of us are now watching the other group get drunker and rowdier as they are getting bolder groping any females on the dance floor. A few girls had started slapping the unruly mob. The mob is not taking it well as they think they deserve to be allowed to grope all the females on the dance floor. Danny nods to me to watch what is going on to my right. One of the drunk guys has grabbed a young lady by the waist and won't let go. She is trying desperately to get away from him. I see Greg moving to confront him. I signal the other 3 seals to be prepared. Tony takes all the other girls in our group back to the room. I see Greg and Wild Bill walking up behind Danny to back him up. Danny manages to get between the would-be attacker and the young brunette who is trying to get away from the drunk attacker. I see that the attacker has ripped her top along her waist on the left side. The attacker lunges at Danny who easily steps to the side to avoid the punch thrown at him. To my left I see 4 of the drunk group jump up to start running at Danny to help their drunk buddy out. Greg and Wild Bill each take the first 2 guys running up to help him out. 2 of the group moves toward the party room where Tony is defending the girls. The last guy is getting up slow, so he is the last to get to the dance floor to join the action. I decided to take him down as he was swinging at me. I ducked the haphazard attempt to hit me and hit him with a combination jab to the stomach and a right-hand uppercut. He goes down easily. One of the other attackers pulled out a small knife from the waist in his pants. I've been trained to defend myself against far better attackers than this guy. Both the attackers facing Greg and Wild Bill have also pulled knives out. The dance floor empties out quickly as nobody wants to be involved in a knife fight. Bill disarmed his attacker by breaking his right arm that was holding the knife. Greg is not doing as well against his attacker. Greg drank the most out of our group tonight. His attacker was handling the knife much better than I would have expected. The attacker lunges as he grazes Greg left forearm. I see Greg bleeding, but Greg never backs down. My first attacker got up without me seeing him. He hits me in the head from behind. I spin and connect with a solid right hand dropping him to the dance floor stunned. I hear screaming in the direction of the party room. I race towards it seeing 3 men attacking Tony who is standing in the doorway preventing them from getting into the party room. I ran up behind the first guy kicking him in the left knee causing him to go down to the ground. I move to the guy on the left as I hit him in the solar plexus which lets Tony shake the other guy off to get free. Tony jumps on him like a man possessed. I can tell the 3 guys that were holding Tony and taking turns beating and kicking him have spread out to attack us. I've never seen Tony this angry before. This is the first real fight I have been in other than seal training. I can see Amanda and the other 7 in the corner afraid of the men. The bouncers have arrived by now. I see one bouncer has a Billy club as he starts subduing the attackers. I get between Amanda and the girls as I pull Tony beside me. Seconds later Danny, Greg and Wild Bill arrive grinning ear to ear. Greg has some blood running down his arm. Tina grabs some napkins off the table as she starts tending to Greg's wound. Kaitlin has a bucket of ice that she makes into a cold press to put on Tonys black eye which is swelling shut. Danny said the manager saw everything and sounded the alarm and called the police. He had the bouncers detain the drunk attackers. He asked us not to leave till the police talk to us for us to give a statement. All the girls rush up to us to check on us and thank us for standing up to the attackers. The brunette who was in the middle of the start of the fight comes up to Danny to express her gratitude. You don't know what it means to me that you came to my rescue from that heathen. I had told him and his group several times earlier tonight to get away from us and leave us alone. The police arrive a few minutes later as they are directed into the party room to start taking statements. All 5 of us are talked to one by one by a detective. A group of paramedics has also arrived to look at and dress Danny's flesh wound and to give all of us a once over. They give Kaitlin an actual ice pack to hold onto Tony's left eye to help prevent swelling. Between Tina and Kaitlin, I can tell Tony is enjoying the attention from the ladies. Danny is also receiving attention from the attractive brunette who has been joined by 3 of her friends. I saw her slip Danny her phone number to call her later for a proper thank you. Danny showed me the note. Call me anytime for a proper thank you signed DARLA. We are talked to for about 45 minutes sometimes individually, sometimes as a group as the detectives are making notes and comparing them. About 30 minutes after the first police shows up, a police captain shows up to confer with patrolmen who first responded then with the detectives who interviewed us. The captain gets us into a group. The facts seem to be clear that you did not start the fight as you were protecting Darla. I responded that we had been watching the group for a couple of hours get drunk, rowdy and then handsy with other females on the dance floor. I explain that they had been trying to harass our group. I asked the detective if we were free to go. He replies yes if we are not driving as we still appear to be over the limit to drive. I explained that we have drivers to take us to the hotel. We will pick up our cars tomorrow after we sober up. Unless the bar owner wants to press charges for fighting in his club, you're free to leave. The manager says no charges are necessary for the club as there was no damage to the club and we were defending the women being harassed. We round up all the girls and tell them we are leaving. Amanda calls the limo company to have the cars ready. We split into 2 groups as the girls made us aware that we would be spending the night with them.
Limo ride to the hotel.
I make dam sure I am in the car with Amanda. Tony, Kaitlin, and Tina are in the car with us. All the others got into the other car. Kaitlin and Tina are not shy in the limo as we start riding back to the hotel. They are already getting busy with Tony. I ask Amanda if she has ever seen anyone having sex before. I can tell she is immensely turned on. Her breathing is like someone running a marathon. I reach over to pull her top up as I start sucking on titties. Her back is to the other 3 in the car. She is somewhat timid as I whisper in her ear to turn around and watch what is going on. Tina has Tony's pants and underwear off as she climbs on top of him facing him. Kaitlin is switching between kissing Tony and Tina's lips as well as licking Tina's D cup breasts. Amanda is giving me a twerking job with her clothed booty as she is grinding her ass on me slowly and sensuously. We are being ignored as I pull her hair up and to the side exposing her neck. I have 1 breast in each hand as I am nibbling on her ear lobes and the nape of her neck. She tells me don't you dare cum and waste it. I want it all later tonight. If you don't want me to waste it, you either must stop right now or take care of it right now. She raises off me as she reaches down to remove her panties. I unbutton and unzip my zipper practically ripping my clothes off. She wastes no time in mounting me. I can see Tony and Katilin who had turned around while riding Tony. They are both following me with their eyes. I can't tell if Amanda has her eyes closed as she is riding me reverse cowgirl style. I feel both of our impending orgasms approaching as I whisper in her ear to open her eyes as all 3 of them are now watching her. Tina has finished with Tony as she crawls over to Amanda as she reaches out pushing Amanda back to my chest. She grabbed Amanda by the ankles, raising them up in the air as she lowered her head down to where we are joined at. I am still rock hard after Cumming as I have never had more than one girl at a time before. Tina ignores me and licks Amanda's outer lips. I feel Amanda stiffen up as wave after wave of her orgasm rolls out of her vagina. I can only guess that Tina is flicking Amanda's clit with her tongue. Amanda shudders so hard that she loses control and passes out briefly. Tony, Kaitlin, and Tina are all clapping telling me that I should be proud giving her such an intense orgasm which causes her to pass out. I wonder what Amanda will do when she wakes up. Amanda lays there for a minute or so before coming back to life. What an orgasm that you always give to me Memphis. I tell her that Tina gets credit for this one as she was the one doing the licking. Tina bends over again as she licks Amanda clean of our combined juices. Amanda is blushing as she said I have never been licked by a girl before, but I know I liked it. The driver comes over the intercom as he says we will be at the hotel in 5 minutes. I can tell that Amanda is embarrassed to consider that the driver might also be able to see us having sex. I ask Amanda if she wants to return the favor to Tina or Kaitlin or both later tonight. She asks me if I am good with her returning the favor for licking them too. I tell Amanda that I won't touch either of them if she doesn't allow Tony to be with her either. I tell her she can play with her friends, and I will not get jealous if she does play with her friends tonight. The reply from her is that I'll think about it which sounded a lot like hell yes, I will be licking them tonight. Kaitlin was rooming with Amanda this week as all the girls from Fayetteville were staying 2 in a room. We all walk to their room as the other limo pulls up. 5 girls and 3 guys all go towards 2 rooms. Both sets of rooms have shared doors between them. I wonder who will be pairing up with who tonight in the other group. That thought quickly leaves my mind as Amanda is pulling me into the room onto her bed. For someone who has only had 3 male sex partners not including me before tonight, she is busting out of her shell. All 3 of the girls are taking their tops off. Kaitlin has a sheer red bra covering her breasts. Tina has on a tiny lacy black bra that is barely covering her areola's. Only a bathroom light is visible in the room as Tony, Tina and Kaitlin are making out on the other bed. Amanda asks Tina if she would come over to her bed and let her sample her with her tongue. Tina, who is naked now jumps up and lands on top of Amana who is laying across the bed. I am propped up against the headboard watching live girl on girl action for the first time in my short sex life. Other than watching earlier in the limo, I have not watched anyone having sex in person before. Amanda only has on panties at this point. Tina slides her panties down while spreading her legs. Tina settles down over Amanda in a 69 position. I watch as Amanda starts by reaching up to pull Tina down closer to each other. She spreads her outer labia lips as she starts by licking and sticking her tongue in her wet vagina. Tina is wiggling her ass in appreciation of Amanda licking her. Both girls are enjoying what the other is doing for them. On the other bed, Tony has Kaitlin on her back with her legs up on his shoulders. Tony is stroking pussy her while kissing Kaitlin. I turn back to watch the girls on my bed. They roll over to change spots as I hear Tina tell me to get behind Amanda doggy style and fuck her while she is licking her. I ease behind her rubbing the head of my cock in her open slit. The natural lubrication of her is dripping down onto Tina's face. I line up and enter Amanda in one stroke causing her to have another orgasm. Tina never quits licking or sucking on her clit. A few minutes later I can feel Amanda's entire body shaking as she squirts all over Tina and the bed. I don't let up as I continue our intercourse as Amanda goes from orgasm-to-orgasm moaning loudly. Tina licks her 2ndcream pie of the night from Amanda. Tina pulls Amanda's head down to her shaved mons as Amanda has her clit in her mouth sucking on it. I feel Tina's body shake even though Amanda is between us in what must be a massive orgasm of her own. We all roll off each other as I hear Tony and Kaitlin clapping from the other bed as they have been watching the show. I look over at the clock as it reads 3:22am. Amanda says we are scheduled to be at the airport at 3pm to fly home. I detect sadness in her soft voice. I tell her it will only be a couple of months till we are together again. I see Tina give us a look at us like what the hell have you got planned next. Amanda says to everyone in the room to hear that she has invited me to come to Fayetteville in June to meet her parents. Kaitlin and Tina are hugging Amanda and jumping on top of her. Tony has an amazed look on his face wondering what we have planned already. I don't understand why girls need to go to the bathroom together but all 3 get up to go into the bathroom together. After they close the door, Tony asks me if I know what I am doing. I nod my head and tell him that this is right for me. We hear the toilet flush a couple of times before the girls all come back to get in bed. One of the girls has turned off the bathroom light so it's now pitch black in the room. The only light in the room is the alarm clock on the dresser between the beds. Kaitlin tells Tina to get into a 69 with her and for Tony to take turns having sex with them. Each girl rolls over after a minute or 2 as Tony is enjoying going from girl to girl and pussy to pussy. Amanda is riding me while I am thumbing her nipples and kissing her at the same time. We doze off with her on my chest after we finished having sex. I woke up around 7 spooning her as the morning light was coming in around the window curtain. We are facing the other bed, so I see Kaitlin trying to be quiet as she is giving Tony a blowjob. I lay there trying to be still to not interrupt them. The bed shaking must have woken Tina up as she got behind Kaitlin. Tina puts her chest on Kaitlin's back as she reaches around to finger her. Tony pulls them down on top of him as he gently starts sucking on first the left then the right nipple. Tina is pushing all of Kaitlin's buttons as Kaitlin throws a leg over Tony mounting him in one stroke. Tony smothers her scream with his mouth over hers. Tony's right hand has found Tina's split. Tony has 2 fingers inside her on her g-spot. Tina is dry humping his hand. Even though I am still, their bed noises have woken up Amanda. My penis is in her crack. She pulls herself up a little in the bed to line up my penis with the entrance to her love canal. Slowly she is moving her hips in a rhythm that is slowly building in me. I can't take it any longer as I roll her over onto her stomach without leaving her vagina. I pull myself up to my knees behind her as I am spreading her ass cheeks with both hands while slowly continuing to pump in and out of her. I put my arm around her to finger her while spreading her legs. Using the other hand, I slide it under her holding my weight up while fingering her right nipple. She is sticking the pillow into her mouth to try to be quiet, but the excitement gets the best of her causing her to moan into the pillow. I am so absorbed with her that I forgot all about the others on the other bed. I collapse and roll us onto our sides again. We both want to go back to sleep. The other bedmates continue as both Tina and Kaitlin take turns with Tony on his back. One sucks him back to hardness and the other mounts him. I don't know how many times he has had sex in the last 8 hours, but I am impressed with his stamina as he is trying to satisfy 2 hot ladies.
Amanda's phone alarm goes off at 10am. Checkout time for the hotel is 11am. All 5 of us want to take a shower and get dressed. The 3 girls also must pack and get ready to check out to fly home later. There is a knock on the door as Tina answers the door nude. Everyone else comes into the room at one time. We want food asap is the group cry. Nothing is said about us all being naked. Amanda is the only one who seems embarrassed by being naked. She pulls me into the bathroom and tells me we are taking a shower together. When your girlfriend tells you we are taking a shower together, you go without asking any questions. She grabs 2 towels and wash cloths after turning on the hot water. Get in we need to talk a little before checking out. Have I done something to make her mad or was she embarrassed being seen naked I wonder to myself. I get in the shower first in the front of the shower to get wet to start soaping up. I switch places with her as she gets in. If I stayed in front of her in the shower, she wouldn't get any water as I would block it all with my body. I take her body wash in my hands to start soaping her body down. Amanda starts talking over the hiss of the shower spray. I don't expect you to talk to me every day on the phone or video with me, but I do want video phone sex a couple times the next couple of months. I have a few surprises for you when we do have phone sex. I realize that I don't even know her phone number. She said she will send me her contact information to my phone while we are eating lunch. I tell her that she is welcome to play with her female friends back home if she so chooses but no males. I tell her I will not be touching anyone sexually as I now consider us a couple. She tells me when you get to Fayetteville, we will talk a lot more. We won't be alone any time today for any discussions I need to have with you in private. Where do you want to go for lunch, she asks me? Do you want something local or a national chain restaurant? She said she wants to eat at Chili's just down the road. It's close to the airport as well. I am sure everyone can find something to eat at Chilis. I leave her to finish getting ready in the bathroom. I go back out to the bedroom area and get dressed. Several of the girls comment that Amanda is one lucky girl while watching me get dressed. I told them we would like to each lunch at Chilis for lunch. Nobody suggests anything different for lunch. I called Chilis to request a table big enough for 13. Amanda replies from the bathroom for me to make the reservations for 15. The drivers need to eat as well. I tell them 13 plus a table for the 2 drivers. Tina and Kaitlin both shower together. Lexi tells Tony to go to her room next door to shower there as nobody was in their room last night. We all manage to shower and get dressed well before time for check out. All 8 girls have packed as the guys all take their luggage and bags out to the 2 limos. The girls check out of the 4 rooms without any problems. We all get into the same limo as last night. The short 10-minute trip to Chili's goes by fast. The drivers pulled up to the front door to let us out. They open the door like we are the king and queen of England. We must all look funny going into Chilis after getting out of limousines. Reservation for 13 in the name of Memphis. Our hostess leads us to the back where they have pushed 3 tables together for us to all sit together. The girls all get a margarita. The guys order a bottle Corona's each. I remind them to go easy on the beer as we must pick up our vehicles later this afternoon. The server stares at us as if we are a motley group. We order a mix of appetizers. Chips and salsa, skillet queso, boneless wings, dip trio and southwestern eggrolls. Most everyone gets a hamburger or fajitas, but 2 girls order a chicken and seafood platter. The appetizers start arriving just a few minutes after being ordered. The appetizers disappear as fast as they show up. A long night of hot sex burns a lot of calories for young people. Amanda's phone gets an alert that I see her look at. She announces that the plane will arrive a little early and be ready to take off at 3pm. Wild Bill asks what airline sends out texts that announce they are on schedule. Smiling at him, Amanda announces that her pilot sent her the text. A company jet is picking us up to take us home. All the girls are both sad and happy to be going home. Happy to be returning home but sad as they all said they had a good time this week with last night being the highlight of the week if you don't count the fight at the club. We all finish eating at about the same time. The chauffeur's finished a long time ago. As they are on duty, they only had strawberry lemonade to drink. I motion for the waitress to come over. Put the ticket for our chauffeurs on our bill. She said both bills have already been paid. The gratuity for the tables was added to the ticket. Most of us use the restroom before leaving Chilis. It's 1:20pm. There is an hour and 40 minutes till they take off. We are just blocks from the ocean. Amanda uses the intercom to tell the chauffeur to drive through Fiesta Island Park before dropping us off at the airport. We enjoy the slight detour before it's time to drop the girls off. The chauffeur tells us they will drop the girls off at the terminal and then take us to our cars. Amanda is sitting in my lap with her arm around my neck. I will call you tonight when we arrive to tell you we are safe. We can talk when where alone. I really don't want this weekend to end. As it is now, we only have about 20 more minutes together before they are scheduled to fly home. The limos are slowly pulling up to the terminal. I can tell Amanda is emotional. She puts on a brave face as I told her I will be with her again in 2 months. It's 62 days till I see you again. Oh my, she is counting the days. What have I done to deserve this girl.