It was 10am on a Wednesday morning when I walked into the cafe in Morrisons. I scanned the cafeteria looking for the person I was about to meet for the first time.
I saw her sat in the corner - a good choice as it was the quietest table in the place, very few people walking past. She stood up and I saw that she had chosen to wear a white silky blouse and a knee length skirt and was looking radiant. As I walked across to her with my drink I noticed her eyes were sparkling and her lips looked full - angel like even.
I reached the table placed my drink on the table and kissed her on the cheek and said 'Hello gorgeous.'
Though it was our first time meeting we hit it off straight away and were soon chatting away like we had known each other for ages. There was lots of teasing going on as we chatted - running fingers round the tops of the cup and glass on the table and lots of innuendo going on.
I tried to avoid looking at her body but couldn't help but notice that it looked as though her nipples were hardening and showing through her blouse. She kept reaching and touching my thigh, each time she got braver until she was not just touching my thigh, she was rubbing her hand up and down seductively.
She stood up and made her excuse saying she'd be right back and wandered off. I sat there for 5 minutes and began to think she had changed her mind and disappeared when she came back and sat down. She leaned over and placed something in my hand and whispered into my ear, ' My camper is outside, and I can make a drink in there if you are interested?'
I looked at what she had put into my hand, it was her knickers, a sexy black thong and at that point I realised what this meant. She saw the look in my eyes and leaned over and said, 'My pussy hasn't been played with for days - you want to help a lady out?'
We both stood up and left the cafe and left the store heading for her van. On the way out she reached out and held my hand to direct me to her VW camper van, which was parked in the corner of the car park with its curtains already closed.
She opened the side door of the van and we got in and sat on the comfy seats.
As soon as the door was closed we were kissing, our hands running over each other's bodies. My hand brushed against her breasts, teasing her nipples, and she drew in a breath. I could tell she liked this and started to undo the buttons on her blouse, kissing her skin as it was revealed. Having undone her blouse I released those gorgeous breasts from the top of her bra and took a nipple in my mouth while pinching and teasing the other with my hand.
I can see how much she liked this as she moaned as her nipple hardened in my mouth and I felt her hand reach to my groin to rub my cock through my jeans. I started to kiss my way down her belly as my hands started to slide her skirt up her soft smooth legs to reveal her soaking wet pussy.
I look into her eyes and asked her, 'Do you want to me to lick and kiss you pussy until you cum on my face?'
'Oh god yes,' she nodded and she lay back, cupping her breasts as her legs parted for me to slide between them.
I start by kissing and licking her all over slowly taking each pussy lip in my mouth and sucking, then kicking her pussy till it opens like a beautiful flower and I can see her hard clit standing proud. I lick it, suck it and nip it with my teeth before licking down towards the entrance of her pussy. Slowly I tease pressing my tongue against her, running my tongue around the wet entrance of her pussy, pressing against it but never entering it. I can see her pussy is pulsing, opening and closing, waiting for something to push its way into her and I can hear her moaning. As I move my tongue towards her puckered ass, my finger starts to rub at her clit, making her breathing quicken and she moans quietly.
'Oh yes, keep doing that and I will cum and cover you with my cum,' she moaned
My tongue rimmed her ass as my finger rubbed harder on her clit, and after a few minutes my tongue slowly moves back to her wet pussy.
'Oh god yes,' she says, 'I am going to cum' and I push my tongue over her pussy flat so I am rubbing at her. 'Push it in me, make me cum now,' she says and I do as she asks. I push my tongue into her as deep as I can and as I do her pussy gushes over my face with her cum. She moans gently as I lap it all up enjoying the sweet taste of her.
We kiss and she enjoys tasting herself on my lips.
'My turn,' she says and she pulled me onto the seat and with her tits swinging freely and her skirt around her waist, she moved between my legs and began to undo my jeans....
As she moved between my legs she looked me in the eye and said, 'One good turn deserves another... don't you think?'
Her hands ran up the inside of my thighs and over the bulge in my jeans to the button, slowly she undid each of the buttons and then as I raised my butt off the seat she pulled my jeans down and she saw my tight underwear, they were grey tight shorts and she could clearly see the outline of my cock in them and at the tip of my cock was a wet patch of pre cum. Slowly she leaned over and lick the wet patch.
'Mmmm, tastes good but I bet the real thing tastes better' and she winked.
Slowly she pulled my shorts down to release my cock. 'Lunch is truly served' she whispered as my 8-inch shaven cock was freed from the confines of my shorts and she moved her head to lick the tip of my cock, tasting the pre cum. Her hands roam my body and hold my smooth balls as she licks and teases me until she takes the head into her mouth and gently sucked.
A groan eased out of my mouth as she slowly slid her mouth down and took as much into her mouth as is possible and she began to suck and move her head up and down, fucking me with her mouth and throat.
After a few minutes she lets my cock slide from her mouth and she licked down the shaft of my hard cock. She moved away for a second, her eyes never moving from my hard cock and said, 'That is one gorgeous cock babe, I cant wait for it to fill my pussy and ass but not today.' And with that she took one of my shaven balls in her mouth and sucked gently.
I moaned again and my hands run through her hair, as she took each of my balls in her mouth while stroking my cock with her hands.
She let my balls fall from her mouth and moved, positioning herself on the seat next to me, so I could reach her pussy and she looked at me and said, 'Tease me, make me cum and I will make you cum, loverboy.' And then she kissed me, her tongue pushing deep into my mouth as we embrace. My hands roam her body, pinching at her hard nipples and sliding down her tummy to her wet pussy as she gripped my cock and rubbed
As I start to rub at her pussy again and her clit our kiss ends and her mouth falls to back my cock and she starts to suck my cock and rub with her hands. My free hand goes to the back of her head to push her down onto my cock forcing her to take me deep in her mouth and throat.
'Oh yes fuck me with your mouth,' I say as she starts to speed up. As she speeds up, I slide three fingers into her wet pussy and start to finger fuck her in time with her head on my cock and soon we are both close to cumming.
We cum together, me spurting hot sticky cum deep into her mouth, and she covers my hand with her juices. She continues sucking me, not wasting a drop until my hand pulls away from my cock and she makes a show of your mouth full of cum and then swallows it all.
She kissed me again and I teased her nipples as our tongues danced in each other's mouth. All too soon, we broke away from our kiss and redress ourselves, making ready to face the world again.
' We must meet again,' I say.
Her response is, 'Yes, let's, but next time at mine so we can fuck!'