This is an erotic fantasy. It is a work of fiction. Any characters or events related to real-life people or real-life events is unintentional and entirely coincidental. The characters that are present or implied to be present within this poem are all adults and are at least 18 years of age. This author neither encourages nor promotes sexual acts where at least one party does not provide consent. The acts that are described in this poem may or may not be legal and should not be attempted in real life without the proper consent and proper legal consultation or awareness of local/state laws regarding sexual relations.
*****
I was in an apartment laundry room when I saw them for the first time. And my cock went as hard as a rock. I've seen a lot of hot girls. I've seen a lot of girls that wore some very sexy things and that showed off a lot of skin. However, the girl that I saw on that Friday evening was one that I would never forget. The girl with the pink flowered panties.
I was putting my clothes in a washing machine when the girl walked into the room. I didn't know her name or who she was. All I knew was that she was beautiful.
The girl was about 18 or 19 years old. She had blonde hair and brown eyes. She had flip-flops on and was wearing a pink tank top and a tiny dark blue miniskirt.
The girl walked over to a nearby washing machine and pulled her soaked clothes out of it. Then she walked over to a dryer and placed her clothes into it. Suddenly, a piece of clothing slipped out of the dryer and fell onto the floor.
The girl bent over to pick up a sweatshirt that she had dropped. As she leaned forward, the miniskirt that she was wearing crawled up her long legs. I gazed at her upon instinct and gasped when I saw the thin cotton panties that were underneath that tiny miniskirt.
The girl's panties were white with purple lace and did little to hide the ass that was underneath them. However, the thing that stuck out the most about her panties was those little pink flowers. They were scattered across her panties. A line of bright pink flowers covered the area where her pussy was.
The moment was short lived as the girl grabbed her sweatshirt, stood up, and tossed the wet piece of clothing into the dryer. She closed the dryer door, inserted a few quarters into the coin slot, turned the heat for the dryer on, and prepared to depart.
The girl smiled at me as she walked out of the laundry room. On instinct, I decided to follow her. I pushed my quarters into the coin slot for the washing machine, turned it on, and raced out of the laundry room. I was very eager to see more of this girl and even more of those pink flowered panties.
I followed the girl outside, determined not to lose sight of her. I pulled a miniature camera out of my right jeans pocket, turned it on, and held it in my right hand.
Suddenly, a strong wind gust blew past me. The girl screamed as the wind blew her miniskirt up into the air and exposed her pink flowered panties. I quickly raised my camera and snapped a picture of her.
The girl spun around to face me. I quickly ducked behind the bushes, hoping beyond all hope that she didn't see me.
A few seconds passed, as I remained hidden behind the bushes. Did she spot me?
"Weird," I heard the girl murmur.
I silently pocketed my camera as I climbed slowly to my feet. The girl was quickly walking down the sidewalk. She was holding her miniskirt down so that it wouldn't blow up into the air again.
I breathed a huge sigh of relief. She didn't see me.
I followed the girl all the way to her apartment room. She lived in Apt #895 in Room #102.
Fortunately, a view of her apartment room was accessible through an outside window. The blinds were open, and I could see into her bedroom.
The girl lay down on her bed. Much to my surprise, the girl pulled her miniskirt up and stared at the panties that she was wearing. Then she lowered her right hand underneath her panties.
I was stunned. She was masturbating. The girl's moaning grew progressively louder as she played with the pussy that was buried underneath those pink flowered panties.
My cock went fully erect, and it took everything that I had not to masturbate along with her.
I hit the RECORD button on my video camera and began to film her as she pleasured herself.
For the next few minutes, I watched the girl satisfy herself. She screamed, and I could tell that she had made herself orgasm. Damn, that was hot! That was really, really hot!
The girl pulled her fingers out of her panties and raised them up to her mouth. She slowly drank the fluid and juices that had been absorbed by her fingers. Her panties were now moist, and I could see her pussy in its entirety underneath those pink flowered panties.
Suddenly, she looked up towards her window blinds. Shit! She saw me!
I grabbed my video camera, jumped to my feet, turned around, and ran away!
I dashed into my apartment room, closed the door, and locked it. I deeply hoped that the girl did not see my face or at the very least recognize who I was.
I set my video camera down on my desk table and prepared to watch the footage.
I hit the REWIND button on my video camera, making sure that I went all the way back to the beginning. I watched the footage on my camera as I relived my entire voyeuristic experience.
As I watched the movie, I unbuckled my belt, unzipped my pants, and pulled out my cock. I began to touch it, stroking it as hard and quickly as I possibly could.
Suddenly, I heard a knock on my door. It was probably the landlord. Complaining again because I didn't get my last rent check paid on time.
I shut the camera off, pulled my pants up, walked over to my apartment door, and looked through the peephole. Unfortunately, it wasn't my landlord. It was the girl. The girl that wore those pink flowered panties.
Fuck! She had found me! Now what?
There was no other way for me to get out. I reluctantly opened the door to my apartment.
"Hi, I'm Jessica," she said.
"Good to meet you," I remarked.
"My bathroom isn't working," she explained. "Is it okay if I use yours instead?"
I nodded, and Jessica entered my apartment. She walked into the living room.
"Would you... would you like anything to drink?" I suggested.
"Sure," she said. "Water should be fine."
I walked over to the sink, grabbed a cup, turned the faucet on, and poured water into the cup. I didn't know how I was going to get out of this mess. Right now, all I could do was hope for the best.
I walked into the living room with the cup of water. Much to my horror, Jessica was on my couch, and she had turned on my video camera. She showed me the video of her masturbating.
"So... this is what you've been up to, huh?" she asked.
"Look, I can explain..."
"You don't have to," Jessica remarked. "I noticed you looking at my panties back in the laundry room. They sure are cute, aren't they?"
"Yes, they are," I admitted. "But..."
I hesitated. I didn't know if I should tell her what was on my mind. But I had already been busted. So why the hell not?
"But they look even cuter when a cute girl like you is wearing them," I remarked.
"You think I'm cute?" Jessica asked.
"If I didn't, I wouldn't have filmed you in the first place," I admitted.
"Well, I think you deserve a better view," she replied. "An up close and personal view."
At that moment, Jessica lifted her miniskirt up and spread her legs, allowing me to stare at her crotch and those pink flowered panties that separated me from her pussy.
"You want to see what's underneath these little panties?" she asked. "You've been ogling it all day. So I think you should have a look under here. And then show me what you want to do with it."
She patted her crotch as she raised her legs up into the air and motioned for me to make a move.
I quickly moved over to Jessica and grabbed those pink flowered panties. With a smile, I pulled her panties up and off of her legs. I raised the panties up to my face and inhaled the scent and fluids that were in them. They smelled delicious. And that made tasting Jessica even more essential.
I grabbed my camera and took a picture of Jessica's pantyless crotch. Her pussy was pink and shaven, and her lips were already quite moist.
I took Jessica's panties and wrapped them around her eyes, creating a makeshift blindfold.
"Don't worry," I said. "You won't need to see what I'm about to do to you next."
I lowered my mouth towards Jessica's cooch. I stretched her pussy lips with my fingers, opened my mouth, stuck my tongue out, and made out with her twat. Jessica moaned loudly as I ate her out.
I pressed my tongue into her pussy as I pushed it against the most sensitive spot on her body.
Jessica screamed as I devoured her pussy with my lips and tongue.
I slowly inserted the fingers on my right hand into Jessica's pussy and began to push them in and out of her. I was determined to make this girl cum.
I pressed my tongue against Jessica's clitoris, moving it around as I satisfied her pleasure center. As Jessica moaned, I picked up the pace, determined to give her as much pleasure as I possibly could. Eventually, I hit her G-spot and helped her reach her climax.
Jessica screamed as cum gushed out of her pussy and onto my apartment floor. She breathed heavily as she attempted to recover from the mind-blowing orgasm that I had just given her.
I pulled the panties off of Jessica's eyes and used them to wipe the cum off of her pussy and legs. I pushed the panties up to her mouth.
"Here," I instructed. "Taste yourself."
Jessica sucked the cum out of her panties. I quickly snapped a picture of her enjoying her cum.
"Now let's see what you taste like," she said.
She climbed onto her knees and began to unbuckle my belt and unzip my jeans.
As she removed my belt, I grabbed her top and pulled it up and over her head. She was wearing a white bra that was also covered with pink flowers. I quickly pulled the bra off of her and revealed her boobs. They were double D's and completely natural. Her nipples were perky and erect.
"Wow," I murmured.
"I know," she said. "My girls are pretty amazing. Now let's see what you've got."
Jessica pulled my pants and boxers down to my feet. She gasped when she saw my boner.
"Holy fuck, that is a huge cock!" she yelled.
"So what are you waiting for?" I asked. "Try it! It's all yours!"
Jessica smiled. She gripped my shaft, stroked the head with her left hand, and shoved my cock directly into her mouth. She began to suck on it, determined to give me the same amount of pleasure that I had just given her.
I moaned loudly as Jessica sucked on my cock. She pushed it deep into her throat, moving her tongue back and forth against the sensitive skin.
I screamed, and I felt the semen in my cock begin to rise. At that moment, Jessica removed my cock from her mouth. The intense feeling immediately went away.
"Not yet," she said. "You've been looking at my pussy all day. So I think it's only fair your cock gets to see it before you cum all over me. So tell me, big boy, where do you want to fuck me?"
"I think I know where," I answered, grinning as I said those words. "Up! Get up! Now!"
Jessica stood up. I pulled off my shirt, stepped out of my jeans and boxers, picked Jessica up, and carefully carried her over to my kitchen table.
I lay Jessica down on top of my kitchen table. She lifted up her miniskirt and spread her legs, providing me with full access to that luscious pussy.
I quickly grabbed my wallet and pulled out a condom. I walked back over to Jessica and prepared to place the condom onto my dick. However, Jessica kicked the condom out of my hands.
"No need," she said. "I'm on the shot. So that means there doesn't need to be anything in between me and that giant cock of yours."
I smiled.
"Good," I replied. "Cause I don't like latex anyway."
"Me neither," she said. "Me neither."
At that moment, I had an idea.
"Oh, one other thing," I added.
I grabbed Jessica's panties off of the floor and wrapped them around her hands, creating makeshift handcuffs. She smiled as I restrained her hands.
"No moving," I instructed. "Got it?" She nodded.
I grabbed my camera and took several pictures of Jessica being tied up and spread out on my kitchen table.
Once I had finished taking pictures of Jessica, I set the camera down, grabbed her legs, and pushed my cock into her moist pussy. She moaned as I fucked her on my kitchen table.
"Oh, my God!" she screamed. "Oh, my God! Fuck! Go faster! Go faster please! Fuck!"
I obliged, pounding Jessica as fast and as hard as I possibly could. She moaned as I pounded her tight little pussy. As I fucked Jessica, I rubbed her clit with my right hand. She screamed loudly as a stream of cum slowly poured out of her pussy and down her legs.
I pulled out of Jessica and licked the warm cum off of her legs and pussy, kissing her as I consumed her juices.
"Now I want to ride you!" she begged. "Can I? Please?"
I grabbed Jessica's hands and removed the panties from around her wrists, freeing her. I walked across the room and sat down in one of my chairs. I motioned for Jessica to sit on top of my crotch.
Jessica climbed off of my kitchen table, walked over to me, and lifted her miniskirt up. I held my cock up as she slowly lowered herself down and onto it. I gasped as her pussy gripped my cock.
Jessica began to bounce up and down on my fully erect cock. As Jessica rode my cock, I took her panties and rubbed them against her clitoris, enhancing the sensation. She moaned as I pushed her to the brink of orgasmic bliss.
Suddenly, she fell forward, and I fell along with her. We both laughed on the floor together.
"Yeah, not going to lie, I never liked that chair," I remarked. "Come on. Get on the couch."
Jessica climbed onto the couch. I motioned for her to put her legs up, and she did. I wrapped the panties around her feet, tying them together. I held my camera in my hands as I stared down at her. Then I inserted my cock back into her pussy and began to fuck her again.
As we fucked, I took several pictures of Jessica moaning and screaming as I satisfied every sensitive body part that had been concealed by her little miniskirt.
Getting to fuck Jessica was pretty damn amazing. However, there was still something that was missing. But what was it? At that moment, I realized what it was.
"Hold on!" I grunted, as I pulled out of her.
"What's wrong?" she asked. "I'm enjoying this!"
"I know you are," I said. "But fucking you like this has one disadvantage. I don't get to see that amazing ass of yours. So turn around, and we can finish this right."
Jessica immediately scooted up onto the couch, got on her knees, and turned around so that her ass was facing in my direction.
I grabbed Jessica's miniskirt and pulled it up. She giggled as I stared at her ass. I took Jessica's panties, raised them up, and smacked her right buttcheek with them. She screamed as I spanked her.
I spanked her repeatedly, making sure to whack her buttcheeks, clit, and pussy as hard and as swiftly as I possibly could. She squealed as I disciplined her with the pink flowered panties that had captured my attention.
Once I had finished spanking Jessica, I took her panties and shoved them into her mouth, gagging her.
"Here," I said. "We don't want to alert any of our neighbors on what we're about to do next. Cause I can tell that you're quite the screamer. So keep those little panties in your mouth. You got it?"
She nodded, and I grinned.
I grabbed my camera and snapped another picture of her. Then I rammed my cock into her pussy and began to fuck her from behind.
Jessica screamed through her panties as I pushed my cock in and out of her pussy. I grabbed onto her blonde hair and yanked on it, pulling her back and allowing me to thrust myself even deeper into that juicy hole of hers. She moaned loudly as I pounded her moist pink pussy.
I gasped as I felt the orgasm begin to overtake my senses. The moment was finally here!
I immediately pulled out of Jessica and screamed as I ejaculated all over her miniskirt. She gasped as my warm cum poured down onto her ass and pussy.
Once I had recovered from the climactic moment, I removed Jessica's panties from her mouth and used them to wipe my cum off of her miniskirt, ass, pussy, and legs.
I raised the panties over Jessica's face. She opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue. I poured the cum out of her panties and into her mouth. She began to drink and didn't stop until she had consumed every last drop of my warm cum.
I grabbed my camera and snapped several pictures of Jessica drinking my cum.
"Now that... that was fucking amazing!" Jessica yelled.
She jumped on top of me and made out with me on my couch.
"Mhm, I love your lips," I said, as soon as our lips had separated. As I said those words, I placed my right hand on her pussy and stroked it. "But I love the lips under your waist even more."
"I love them too," she replied. "And I think you should give them a thank you kiss as well."
I smiled as I got on top of Jessica, lowered my face, and began to make out with her pussy lips. She squealed as she came again. I drank her juices as they flowed out of her pussy and into my mouth.
Jessica gasped for air as I blew her mind with yet another incredible orgasm. As she attempted to recover from her orgasm, I raised my camera and took another picture of her.
"Got to say" I remarked, "this is going to make one hell of a collection."
"I'm sure it will," she said. "And I'm more than happy to be apart of it."
Jessica climbed off the couch and grabbed her tank top and bra. She put them back on.
"Alright, I got to get going," she said. "My laundry should be dry by now. And I certainly don't want anyone to steal it."
I handed Jessica her panties, but she passed them back over to me.
"Keep them," she said. "I want you to always have something to remember me by."
"Thanks," I replied.
"Just wondering, why did these panties catch your eye?" Jessica asked. "I've seen you plenty of times before, and I never caught your attention wearing anything else."
"It was those pink flowers," I answered. "They made you look so innocent, yet so naughty at the same time. The ones on your crotch were particularly appealing. I'm like a bee, Jessica. I got to have my nectar. And those flowers made me want to taste yours. And it tasted pretty damn delicious."
"You're really weird," she replied, laughing. "But I like it."
Jessica gave me a kiss on my left cheek, walked towards my apartment door, and opened it. As she prepared to leave, she turned around and spoke to me again.
"Hmm, perhaps I'll come back for those panties," she announced. "I'm sure you'll want to keep them. But I think there's something that I could do to get them back."
Jessica gave me a dirty wink before she spun around and bent over. Her miniskirt crawled up her legs as she deliberately gave me a great view of her big ass and delicious pussy.
My cock immediately grew hard again as I stared at what was underneath that little miniskirt. Without thinking, I wrapped Jessica's panties around my cock and immediately began to masturbate.
Jessica giggled as she slowly closed the door and allowed me to pleasure myself with her pink flowered panties.
Jessica and I became a couple shortly after that first meeting. And she turned out to be a pretty amazing girlfriend. The chemistry was great, our meetings were fun, and the hot sex and orgasms that we gave each other were out of this world.
It was crazy. Never in my wildest dreams did I think I could get a girl like Jessica.
It's been several weeks since that first meeting, and I still remember all of the things that helped bring us together. Those amazing legs. That little miniskirt. And the one item that truly captured my attention... those pink flowered panties.