10. The Lighted Stage & a Familiar Face
"So, after she got one hundred men to cum for her, Evelyn had to make it to the center of something called the 'Dark Labyrinth,'" Don continued. "She made friends with a pair of talking falcons, met some mer-people, answered a sphinx's riddles, and had sex with 'ghosts.'"
Tascha laughed, "You're moving way too fast!"
With a smile, Don said, "Yeah, but it's her story to tell and we're running out of time."
"I suppose that's fair."
"But, I will tell you, she was being stalked by a 'beast' that sounds like a combination of an ape and a werewolf. She fought it off, got it to behave, and fucked it."
"Whoa!"
"Yeah, it reminded me of your encounter with the Bull, only more violent."
"Sounds hot," Tascha smiled.
"That was my reaction, too."
***
"That's pretty fucking hot!" Don grinned at Evelyn. It had gotten dark while she was telling her story there by the poolside.
"Yeah, I thought so too," she laughed. "While I got cleaned up, I kept thinking about the whole thing and got pretty riled up again. When I got out of the shower, I threw myself into the big orgy for a couple of hours. Then, I went straight up to the council. I had cum running down the insides of my legs and drying all over my ass, tits, and face, but no one said a word or even seemed to notice."
Don laughed, "How did you keep a straight face?"
"It wasn't easy," she winked. "They gave me my next mission, which did not involve being teleported away. So, I went back out, rode the couch down, and got cleaned up before heading out. I was able to grab my clothes, too."
"Nice! So, whatisyour next mission?"
"I'm on a pilgrimage to the Grove of Rati."
"Umm...?"
"Yeah, I don't know where it is, either, but the council gave me this compass to point me in the right direction," she drew a small device from the pocket of her skirt and passed it to Don. "They said it points in the right direction."
"Well, that's handy," Don said as he examined what did, indeed, look just like a normal compass, but had no cardinal or degree markings.
"I have to get there on my own power: no riverboats, ships, or flying carpets. 'Can't even ride piggy-back."
Don passed the compass back and asked, "How long do you have?"
"As long as it takes, I guess," Evelyn shrugged. "I got the impression they think it will take quite a while."
"That sucks," he frowned.
"Yeah, but you're stuck here for a year, anyway, right?"
"True."
"And just think of all the stories I'll have when I get back," she smiled.
"Yeah, that's true, too," Don nodded. "Still, I'm going to miss you."
She kissed him and said, "I'll miss you, too, lover. I'll come back here as soon as I can."
"Okay, yeah, let's meet here at the Resort, poolside, as soon as we have some freedom."
"Deal! Stick to the other protocols but come back here when we get the chance."
"It's a good place to wait," Don smiled.
"You might not feel that way at the end of the year," Evelyn pointed out. "Now, you said you had something in mind for tonight?"
"I did," nodded Don. "Did you get a chance to try the Lighted Stage while you were here before?"
"I went in and looked around, but I didn't play there."
"I was thinking it was perfect for our particular situation," he smiled.
"Oh, good thinking. Let's go!" Evelyn grinned as she took his hand and led the way.
***
"I don't remember the Lighted Stage," Tascha frowned.
"Yeah, it's past the Temple, in a corner we never got to. It's basically an exhibitionist and voyeur club. It's not much to look at on the outside, except that there are four video screens on the main wall that show some of what's going on inside. Anyway, when you go in, there are two doors - one labeled 'players' and the other labeled 'audience.' On the first one, it also says, 'All playing should be done on one of the stages,' and on the second it says, 'No playing with anyone in the audience, just yourself. Enjoy the show!'"
"Oh, nice! It does sound perfect."
"Yeah, that's what I was thinking," Don laughed. "Naturally, I went to the audience side, but I've been in the other part. There's a nice lounge there, where players can get cleaned up, have a bite to eat and something to drink, and find playmates. Oh, and there is a costume room, too, so they can roleplay appropriate to the stage they select, if they want to."
"Damn," Tascha breathed. "I wish we'd tried that."
Don chuckled and continued, "That evening I went to the audience side, which is like a dimly lit club. There are comfortable chairs and benches, waiters moving around with drinks, and discrete stacks of towels here and there. The one side, though, is made up of seven stages - really just one-room sets - four on the bottom row and three above them. There is a balcony on the audience side so you can get a better view of the action on the second floor. The lighting is set up so that the stages are well-lit, but you can't really see the audience side people too clearly unless you really try."
"What kind of sets?"
"They might change now and then, but one's got mirrors on all three walls and a big round bed in the middle that's constantly turning, very slowly. Another's set up like a honeymoon suite, all in red and pink. There's a locker room, an S&M dungeon, a cheap motel room, and one that looks like a pretty dirty bus stop. My favorite, though, is one that looks like a living room from the '70s. There's something so funny about that one, but it's sexy too... like, oh, sex is just happening here in the living room. Well, I think it's sexy."
Tascha smiled and said, "No, I get it."
"On the player's side, the door to each set has three lights over it, green, yellow, and red, and the players switch them appropriately. Green means the stage is completely free; yellow means it's being used but people should feel free to join in; and red means it's being used but they don't want anyone else joining in. I'm told hardly anyone uses the red light, but it does happen."
"I suppose people might have a particular scenario they want to play out," Tascha mused.
"Exactly," Don smiled. "Anyway, it was already a pretty busy night when we got there. All but one of the stages was already being used."
***
As Don waited for Evelyn to make an appearance on one of the seven stages, he idly surveyed the other shows.
Along the bottom row of stages, working from right to left: in the dungeon scene there was a naked man suspended by his wrists from a ring in the ceiling as a woman in leather alternated between spanking his ass with a big black paddle and teasing his very erect penis with her hand, as well as a young woman in a set of stocks who was being tormented by an older man doing things to her from behind; in the living room were three couples who seemed to be living out a rather enthusiastic swinger scene from a porno; on the big round revolving bed there seemed to be something just short of a dozen naked bodies thoroughly enjoying themselves; and on a bare mattress in the bus stop set three men were enthusiastically fucking and sucking each other.
Don climbed the stairs up to the balcony and saw that five women were putting on a very appealing show in the big, central, honeymoon suite, and a woman wearing a cheerleader outfit was surrounded by five rather fit men in the locker room over to the right.
Only the cheap motel set, on the left, was unused, so Don settled in to wait directly across from that, leaning on the balcony railing. From that position, as well as seeing much of what was going on down below, Don could watch the women in the honeymoon set, which made it quite easy to wait for Evelyn to turn up.
Eventually, the motel room door opened, and Evelyn came in, followed by her two playmates. Evelyn was now wearing a bright pink tube top, a red miniskirt, fishnet stockings and stiletto heels. She had applied dark red lipstick and some serious eye shadow. Her two companions, a woman with black hair drawn back in a bun and a tall older man with blond hair, were dressed in surprisingly modest clothing, particularly for Eros. The woman was wearing a blouse and skirt and relatively low high-heels, and the man was wearing loafers, slacks, and a button-down shirt. Don immediately surmised that Evelyn was playing the role of a streetwalker picked up by a couple looking to spice up their relationship.
Evelyn directed the man to have a seat in the chair in the corner, as she drew the woman with her to the bed. She got up on her knees on the bed and turned to face the woman, who she drew in for a long, deep kiss. Evelyn's hands moved over the woman's body, groping her through her clothes before she began to undress her. Evelyn pushed the woman's blouse down over her shoulders and promptly lowered her mouth to the newly exposed breasts.
Don watched from his place at the balcony, as Evelyn eventually went back to making out with her new friend and then quickly removed her tank top, tossing it to the side, and then held the woman's head to her breast. Evelyn smiled over at the man in his chair, who so far seemed perfectly content to watch the two women. Only when Evelyn had stripped the woman of her skirt, and gotten rid of her own miniskirt, but left on her stockings and heels, did she beckon the man to join the women where they were sitting on the edge of the bed.
Taking the lead again, Evelyn undid the man's pants and drew out his penis. Soon, she and the other woman were taking turns sucking and licking at what quickly became a long and very thick cock. Don watched as Evelyn tried to get as much of that monster as she could down her throat and then encouraged the other woman to do the same. Pushing the woman's head down on his fat organ, Evelyn smiled up at the man and said something the audience couldn't hear. Soon, with four feminine hands wrapped around his shaft, the man was spraying a shower of cum all over the women's faces and tits. Evelyn sucked on his head, apparently draining him of any remaining jizz, as the other woman licked up any cum on his shaft and balls.
Evelyn said something else to the man, who smiled and nodded before stripping out of his clothes as he moved back to the chair to wait his turn again.
Meanwhile, Evelyn had turned to the woman and proceeded to lick and suck up every bit of cum she could find. The woman returned the favor and the two of them eventually were laying on the bed making out intently. Evelyn gradually began to make her way down the woman's body, until she was half off the bed, going down on the woman, who definitely seemed to be enjoying what Evelyn was doing.
Don was enjoying watching the woman writhing on the bed as Evelyn lay between her legs. His cock was rock hard in front of him, but he made a point of not touching it yet.
The man whose cock was apparently quite ready for round two got up and crossed over to the bed, where he encouraged Evelyn to raise herself up until she was bent over at the end of the bed, her ass in the air while her face was still buried between the other woman's legs. Bending his legs and pushing his cock down, the man was soon fucking in and out of Evelyn, his hands on her hips pulling her back on him and shoving her forward into the woman on the bed.
Don found himself entranced by the line of Evelyn's stockinged leg, stretching from her ankle there above that long heel up along her strong calf, along the line of her firm thigh as it flexed slowly while she was fucked, to her tight ass as the man's thick, thick cock moved like a fat piston in and out of her pussy. He imagined the man's balls were slapping Evelyn's clit with each thrust.
Don's eye followed the downward flow of Evelyn's torso as she continued to lick and suck at the woman's clit. Don could only see the tumult of Evelyn's red-brown hair above where the woman's thigh was grasped by Evelyn's hand. Then there was the woman's belly and breasts as she arched her back with her impending orgasm. Her black hair had come loose from its bun and was now spilling out like a dark pillow beneath her. When she came, the woman cried out loud enough to drown out all the other sounds in the room. Evelyn kept at it until the woman came at least twice more and pushed Evelyn away with a very happy smile on her face.
Evelyn directed the couple into another position. Now the man was lying on his back while his 'wife' rode his cock, rather enthusiastically, while Evelyn sat on the man's face, grinding her pussy and clit on his mouth and watching the woman enjoy that fat cock. Don watched as Evelyn squeezed her own breasts, twisting her nipples, and then reached out to do the same to the woman across from her. Evelyn leaned forward and managed to get her mouth on one of the woman's nipples, which seemed to send the woman into another orgasm. Then, Evelyn was sitting back on the man's face, head thrown back and her hands squeezing her own tits tightly as her body rocked with her own first orgasm of the session.
Don's cock throbbed and twitched, as if in sympathy with Evelyn's body.
When the trio changed positions again, it was Evelyn's turn to lie on her back, butt at the edge of the bed, as the man held her legs up and shoved his thick cock back into her pussy. At first the woman knelt on the bed next to Evelyn, making out with her and sucking on her tits, but then she moved up to kneel over Evelyn's face. Don watched as Evelyn grasped the woman's ass and held her in place so she could lick and suck at her clit and pussy, while the man fucked Don's lover hard and deep.
Soon the woman was climaxing again, crying out loudly so everyone in the club noticed, and the man was shoving up into Evelyn with short violent strokes until he too was clearly coming. As he eventually drew out of Evelyn, a long, thick strand of cum hung between her pussy and the head of his cock.
Evelyn said something to the woman who then quickly got down on her hands and knees at the end of the bed, first to suck the man's cock clean and then to bury her face in Evelyn's messy snatch, licking and sucking up all the cum he'd left there. Soon, Evelyn was sitting half up on the bed, her muscles clenching tight, as she held the woman's head in place while Evelyn's orgasm tore through her.
For a long moment, Evelyn just lay back on the bed with a happy smile on her face, and then she sat up and looked out at the audience with a grin. Don grinned back at her, though he was pretty sure she couldn't see him. Still, when she mouthed, "One more?" he gave her an enthusiastic thumbs up. In any case, they had agreed she would give him a sign to let him know she was ready to leave, and she certainly hadn't given it.
After Evelyn and her two playmates cleared that set, a couple of servitors came and straightened things up quickly, but without bothering to change the bed or anything. By the time Evelyn reappeared, only the big orgy on the circular bed and the couples in the dungeon set were still going at it. Don was downstairs, idly watching the orgy, when Evelyn came back on stage, this time entering the bus stop set. She had her hair in a couple of pigtails and was wearing a light sundress. She took a seat on the plastic bench against the wall, and waited, for a bus, supposedly, but really for her next set of playmates to join her.
Soon two men joined her. There was quite a bit of pantomimed flirting and exaggerated come-hither looks before the men were standing in front of Evelyn having their cocks sucked. They had apparently left the door light set to yellow, because by the time Evelyn was on her hands and knees, though still in her sundress, getting spit-roasted, another guy poked his head in and decided to join in. By the time the scene had run its course, Evelyn had serviced six guys altogether, and a beautiful brown-skinned young woman with long, thick, black hair had come in to take over on the mattress. Don was happy to watch this woman enjoy herself while Evelyn got cleaned up and ready for round three.
When Evelyn came back on stage, she was again wearing high heels, but this time they came with black boots that went almost all the way up her thighs. Her torso was wrapped in a shiny black bodice that left her crotch and tits exposed, and she was wearing black gloves that went up to the middle of her biceps. Her hair was now pulled back tightly into a ponytail, and she led a beautiful naked Asian woman with black hair hanging down to the middle of her back out and promptly began tying her to a frame that left her spread-eagled and vulnerable to anything Evelyn might inflict upon her.
Evelyn spent the next hour teasing and tormenting this poor woman, who seemed to love every minute of it, even when she was begging Evelyn for release. Evelyn finally let the woman come, but only after she had stuffed a rather large butt plug and a big, shiny black dildo into their respective places, and fastened heavy nipple clamps to her nipples. Then, with only the command, "Come," Evelyn reduced the woman to a shuddering, quivering display of ecstasy that went on for what seemed like several long minutes. Then Evelyn sat on a bench so the grateful woman could crawl across the floor on her hands and knees to lick and suck at Evelyn until she made her temporary mistress come.
Finally, Evelyn came onto stage with the next bunch of five people to make use of the big circular bed. Two lucky men were accompanied by Evelyn and three women, who all came in naked and wasted no time in climbing onto the bed and getting acquainted. Soon it became rather hard for Don to keep track of Evelyn amid the confusion of heaving bodies. At one point, she was near the center of the bed, slowly turning with it, as she rode slowly up and down on a cock as several hands reached up to caress her body. At another, she was on her hands and knees near the edge, gliding past the front of the stage, making out with a girl lying on her back at right angles to Evelyn, while one of the men slowly, but intently fucked Evelyn from behind.
They must have left the light on yellow, because while they played another five people came to join the party - three men and two women, this time. Don found a chair to get comfortable, but continued to resist touching his straining cock. He was a bit amused by all the men in the audience who were, and had been all night, watching Evelyn and bringing themselves to intense, squirting orgasms. He was, however, much more distracted by the women around him, moaning in orgasmic pleasure as they watched the shows before them.
Eventually, with her hair a wild mess around her head, Evelyn broke free from the orgy on the bed and staggered to the front of the stage to give the agreed upon sign that she was ready to leave. Don went straight to the exit, expecting to have to wait for Evelyn to get cleaned up, but she met him right away, naked and carrying her clothes with her in a bundle. She had cum all over her and smelled deliciously of the sex she'd been having.
"Hi there!" she grinned.
Don caught her face in his hands and kissed her deeply and passionately.
When he released her, she asked, "Did you enjoy the show?"
"Fuck yes!" he laughed. "Let's go over by the pool and find someplace for the night."
"Good idea! I need to get cleaned up."
"Not quite yet," Don smiled. "I'm going to add to your ... makeup, first."
"Ohh! Excellent!" she beamed. "You really had a good time?"
"I did!" he laughed again.
"Sorry I took so long. If we can't have sex, I want to make sure I'm ready to actually sleep."
"Good thinking," Don grinned.
"What was your favorite part?" she asked.
"It was all very hot, but I have to admit the first one was probably my favorite," Don said. "I liked the story you were telling."
"I knew you'd get it!"
"What was your favorite part?" he asked.
"Oh, that's easy," she said, "this next bit!"
Laughing, he said, "That doesn't count."
"Hmm, well, that's really hard to say. There were high points in each scene. In the first one, for instance, I really liked having that guy, Dave, fucking me from behind while I went down on Julie. In the second, well, there was that first time I had three cocks in me at once. Then, when I let Tamiko come ... that was hot! I came so many times during the last scene I couldn't say, really. Damn, I really have become a wild woman here, haven't I?"
"Yeah, and I love it!" Don grinned.
They had reached the poolside and quickly found a double-sized lounger. Evelyn dropped her clothes on the ground and sat down on the edge of the lounger, leaning back and spreading her legs in front of Don.
"Damn! That's so tempting," he breathed.
"No touching!" she smiled up at him. "Just watch me as I touch myself. You liked watching those men fucking me, didn't you? It felt so good to have them in my pussy and ass, and to suck them, and to lick those sexy pussies and clits," Evelyn said as her hands moved slowly over her body, cupping her breasts and then sliding over her taut belly down between her legs.
"I kept thinking about how hard your cock must be as you were watching me up on that stage, fucking and getting fucked, sucking and licking, coming over and over." She was simultaneously strumming her clit and fucking herself with several fingers. "I kept thinking how hot it was to have you watching me, watching me suck... and fuck... and all that cum on my face and tits... and... and... up inside me... God, Don, I'm going to come again. Give me your cum, Don!"
Don couldn't restrain himself any longer. His iron-hard cock swelled in his hands and then erupted, spraying a geyser of hot cum all over Evelyn's naked body. It splattered all over her belly, across her tits and neck, and hit her chin. The second gout splashed over her lower belly and covered her fingers, getting pushed up into her pussy as she clenched upon herself on the lounger, her face scrunched up tightly as she came with him.
Don staggered backward a bit and Evelyn fell back on the lounger with a heavy sigh.
"Ugh," she moaned. "I need to clean up, but I don't think I can move."
"Fuck it," Don chuckled. "Let's just do it when we wake up."
"Seriously?" she laughed. "Okay."
"But you do have to move. We can't sleep like that."
"I'm not moving. You get your own," she waved her hand in the air. When Don actually started to sit down on the next lounger over, though, she said, "Fine, fine, I'm moving!"
They managed to spend the night spooned together, in a rather sticky mess, without violating the terms of Don's mission to not have physical-contact sex, and then enjoyed a leisurely bath in the pool in the morning. At the Wardrobery, they managed to find Evelyn a nice backpack for her pilgrimage, and then, with a long hug and a deep, loving kiss, she set off in quest of the Grove of Rati.
***
"So, you were left alone again, in the sex resort where you couldn't actually have sex, for a year," Tascha summed up.
"Yeah, that's about the size of it."
"How did it go?"
"Well, at the time it seemed very slow, but when it was over it didn't seem bad at all," Don shrugged. "I did have a couple of visitors along the way. Both Nicole and Stephanie passed through the Resort before I was done."
"How were they doing?"
"Okay. I found out that the watcher's council seemed to have something of a pattern in their assignments. A few personalized quests to start with and then a long-term test, like my sheriff's job or Evelyn's pilgrimage. Nicole had to find the Trans-Erosian Railway and ride it from end to end. She came through the Resort heading in the opposite direction from Evelyn, hoping to connect with that train. Stephanie came through very near the end of my year after spending a year in Rendezvous without having sex with any men."
"That sounds a lot easier than your task," Tascha frowned.
"That's what I said!" Don laughed. "She admitted it wasn't that difficult, but she was glad to get back to 'proper fucking' as she called it. Oh, and I got to talk to India a few times, too. But mostly, I just kept myself busy watching other people and getting to know the ins and outs of the Resort. I fell into a pretty stable, comfortable routine. I was actually kind of surprised when I came back into my office after a 'patrol,' and suddenly found myself in that big courtyard at the Hall of the Crimson Mountain King. At that moment, I was mostly just happy that my staff, which I had left in the office, appeared a second later on the ground at my feet. Then I remembered that this meant I could have sex again!"
Tascha chuckled, "Uh oh!"
"Yeah," Don laughed. "I got into and out of those showers in record time. Then I dove into that super orgy for a solid hour. The first girl I hooked up with was a thin young woman, probably about nineteen. I've never had such an intense passionate session of anonymous sex in my life. I was nice about it, of course, but I fucked the hell out of that girl."
"I'll bet!" Tascha laughed. "Did she object?"
Don shook his head, "Not at all. But after I'd had my fun, I cleaned up and headed upstairs for my next mission."
***
"Congratulations, Don, you're now more than halfway finished with your tasks," Pamela almost smiled. "For your next assignment, we want you to find a familiar face. To be clear, we mean you must find someone you clearly recognize, and can put a name to, but whom you haven't seen previously in Eros."
"So, if I recognize my second-grade teacher but can't remember her name, that doesn't count?"
"Exactly," she nodded.
"Do they have to remember who they are?" Don asked, thinking of all the people who seemed to have little or no memory of their non-Erosian existence. In particular, he recalled the stunningPrice is Rightmodel he had been so happy to meet on the beach outside Rendezvous.
"No," Pamela said. "We will be able to verify their identities to corroborate you."
"That's handy."
"We are aware that this particular task is largely out of your control and could take a very long time to complete. We are also, frankly, impressed with your efforts so far. So, we have decided to grant you some of the power you are seeking a bit early."
She gestured to a ring that was now on the table in front of Don. Picking it up, he thought it had the weight and look of white gold. He slipped it onto his left middle finger. Nothing happened.
"You have to press it twice in quick succession to call up the menu."
Don pressed the ring twice with his thumb as if he were double-clicking the ring. Suddenly, floating a bit above the midrange of his visual field was a horizontal blue bar. There was one item, in white letters, on that bar: "Travel."
"Concentrate on the desired menu item to activate it," Pamela went on.
Don wasn't sure what he was supposed to be doing, but he focused intently on "Travel," until a drop-down menu opened with the following list: Abbey of Records; Crimson Mountain - Porch; Elven Court; Gladys's Office; Grotto of Ishtar; Heolfor House; India's Home; Manor; Rendezvous - Beach; Rendezvous - Riverboat Dock; Resort; Shagbottom; Sisterhood Castle; Untamed Village; Witches' Glen; and, Wizard's Home.
"Nice!" Don breathed.
"When you visit a new location for which there is an established landmark it will automatically be added to your list," Pamela continued to explain. "Before you select anything, I should add that you can dismiss the display at any time."
Don tried willing the menu and bar away and they promptly vanished. He called it up again and dismissed it, just for practice.
"When you select a travel destination, the menu will automatically close when you arrive. With the exception of these offices, you will not be able to use the ring to travel when anyone else can see you. Well, anyone who doesn't have a similar ring or one that is higher in rank, that is. Also, when traveling to a location, you will arrive at the closest safe position to the landmark where no one can see your arrival."
"This is incredibly useful!" Don grinned.
"It is," Pamela nodded. "Do you have any questions about your task?"
"Find someone I can name from outside Eros," Don smiled. "Then report back here."
"Exactly," Pamela said. "You should be able to manage all your own travel from now on."
"So, I just call up the menu, focus on "Travel," then focus on a destination..."
Then suddenly Don found himself standing outside the Abbey of Records.
***
"Whoa! Seriously?" Tascha gaped.
"Yeah," Don chuckled. "It's pretty cool. When I'm in Eros I can bop around like crazy. I'd be lying if I said it wasn't a lot of fun."
"Damn!"
"Well, I am restricted to the places I've already found, like in a video game with unlockable fast-travel points, but it's still massively useful. I'm thinking about setting off on a general exploration trip when I go back, to collect as many landmarks as I can. Stephanie probably has a lot more than I do. I know Evelyn's list is different from mine. She's got the Dark Labyrinth and a bunch of places she found on her pilgrimage, but not the Wizard's Home or Shagbottom, for instance."
"That must have made your task much easier."
"Well," Don paused. "I'm sure it cut out a lot of time going from one place to another, but it still took a lot of time to find someone I recognized. I started out just working down the list of places, skipping Gladys's office, the Grotto of Ishtar, and India's home. I was at the Abbey of Records anyway, so I went in and asked Charlotte if she could help me out at all. Naturally, I had to go through the whole routine, which took quite a while, and, in the end, she got a lot more out of me than I did from her. She wasn't aware of anyone that I might recognize, but then I had known it was going to be a long shot anyway. I crossed that off my list of places to try.
"I skipped the Crimson Mountain, figuring it would just take too damn long to try to comb through that orgy, or go looking for other rooms in that place, and went right to the elven court, Heolfor House, et cetera. It was kind of fun revisiting places and talking to people again. The Wizard and Madeleine, the Player, the Lady and Robert all say 'hi,' by the way. And Daphne says I'm to bend you over and fuck you hard in the ass."
"Oh my!" Tascha laughed, actually feeling her cheeks reddening a bit.
"After working all the way down the list, with no luck, I went back to the Crimson Mountain. I walked around the big orgy for a while, then started exploring some of the other areas in the King's Hall. There are a lot of rooms in that sucker, but most of them were empty. When I didn't find any familiar faces, I started all over again, but I focused on just what I thought were the more likely prospects: the Manor, Rendezvous, the Resort, Shagbottom, and Crimson Mountain. Each visit to each one of them took quite a bit of time, plus, every time I got to the Resort or the Manor, I followed the protocols Evelyn and I had agreed on, so that took time. Anyway, it was only after I'd visited each of them for the third time that I found someone I recognized."
***
Don had found Rendezvous the most frustrating place to search. The strange, non-Euclidean geography of the relatively crowded city made it difficult to have any kind of established search pattern, and the size of the place served to impress upon him how difficult and potentially open-ended his current task actually was. In principle, he could wander Eros for years without being lucky enough to come across someone he recognized from the 'real' world. Wandering the winding, confusing streets of Rendezvous and prowling through its many, many buildings made his task more than a little depressing.
On the other hand, there was no shortage of playful diversions to be had in that odd city, and Don was always finding something new to explore. So it was that on his fourth attempt to find someone, anyone, he recognized in Rendezvous that he came upon a lovely park set among the buildings but with a nice view over the lower city to the beach and the sea beyond. Don thought that whoever had designed, or set up, Rendezvous had done a particularly good job of including this park and putting it here.
It was a pleasant early afternoon, with the usual blue sky adorned with a few fluffy white clouds. Here and there were couples and small groups playing on the grass, on benches, or, in at least one case, in a hammock. There were even a few people, like Don, just enjoying a walk through the park. Off to the left, on a low hill, was a gazebo where there seemed to be a nice little orgy going on. Don thought it would be a good idea to go have a look at the participants. It was one of his rules to whenever possible check out any group of more than three. But then a leggy brunette stood up and came down the gazebo's steps and began walking across the grass toward a small fountain.
Her body was simply gorgeous, with firm muscles in her limbs and belly, full breasts, and, as Don saw as she got closer to the fountain, a stunning ass. She had long dark hair with hints of lighter, sun-bleached strands. Her shoulders were broad and there was something exquisitely confident in the way she sauntered over the lawn.
Don decided the orgy could wait and proceeded to the fountain.
He watched the beauty bathing with her back to him, enjoying the way the water ran over her body. He got to the fountain and splashed some water on his face and proceeded to give his own body a good rinsing off. All the while his eyes kept returning to the woman. Then she tossed her hair to the side, and Don caught a glimpse of her lovely, long neck. There was something about the combination of her exquisitely sculpted shoulder, the line of the side of her neck, and her jawline, which Don could only barely discern, that struck a deep chord in Don's memory. This woman had the body of a sex symbol, and Don suddenly felt like he had seen this sex symbol before.
Then she happened to turn in the water, and Don saw her face. Her eyes were closed, and she was smiling slightly, happily. It was her cheekbones that did it. Don was sure he knew who she was. When she opened her vaguely Asian eyes and smiled at him, Don's heart leapt in his chest and he was certain.
Don swallowed, for the first time in a long time in Eros flustered. He finally managed to say, "Pardon me for staring, but you're so very beautiful."
She laughed, "That's alright. I was checking you out, too."
Don was suddenly conscious of the fact that he was buck naked standing there talking to a gloriously naked Jessica Biel while sporting a serious erection. It took a second before it penetrated his brain that she was perfectly fine with it and was moving closer to him.
***
"No fucking way!" Tascha almost yelled.
"I swear," Don replied.
"The actress?!"
"The one and only, in the flesh," he nodded.
Tascha studied Don's face, looking for the slightest indication that he was putting her on.
"I am not kidding," Don assured her.
"Well, goddamn, now I really am jealous. She's one of the reasons I knew I liked women!"
Don laughed, "I can say she's definitely one of the reasons I like women, too."
***
"Come here often?" she smiled at him with that beautiful toothsome smile and those laughing eyes of hers. Don realized she was just a little shorter than him.
"Well, this is my first time to this fountain," Don smiled, slowly feeling like he was regaining control of himself. Then she reached out to wrap her hand around his cock and Don knew he had very little control of anything at that moment.
She chuckled a little and said, "What do you think of it so far?"
"Well, it's definitely my favorite fountain at the moment," Don said as he reached out to run his hands over her hips. His brain was screaming,Jessica Biel's hips! Jessica Biel's naked hips!Don did his best to power through, and asked, "How about you? Is this a favorite of yours?"
She was now standing up against him, her perfect breasts brushing against his chest, her hand slowly stroking his cock, while Don's hands had slipped around to squeeze and caress her ass. She said, "Oh, no, I just woke up here. What a wonderful place!"
"I definitely agree," Don grinned. "Did you enjoy the gazebo?"
Her eyes widened as she grinned back at him, "Oh my god, I did!"
Don tried to think of another question, but then she was kissing him, and all coherent thought flew away. His hands were squeezing her tight ass as her tongue pushed eagerly into his mouth and her grip tightened on his very hard prick, but all Don could do was focus on kissing the gorgeous woman in front of him.
Somehow, they made their way over to the edge of the fountain basin, and then Don urged her down until she was sitting on the stonework and he was kneeling in the grass. Her hands held his face, making sure he didn't stop kissing her until he pulled away with a smile, and said, "I'm not going anywhere."
Then Don leaned in and kissed the side of her long neck, finally setting aside her celebrity status and simply making love to her as the gorgeous, talented, warm, and very sensual woman she was. After lingering all too briefly over her perfect breasts, Don was soon on his hands and knees kissing his way slowly along the insides of her firm thighs. As his tongue ran over her moist lips and teased the sensitive tip of her clit, she sighed and leaned back a bit, pushing herself forward for him.
Soon she was groaning and trembling with her orgasm as Don licked and sucked at her clit and fucked three fingers slowly in and out of her pussy.
Don smiled up at her as she caught her breath, but then, with a playful laugh, she lunged forward and pushed him backward, sending him sprawling on his back in the grass as she quickly straddled him. She grinned down at him as she held him down with her left hand on his chest and used the other to get hold of his cock. Don just lay back and enjoyed the view as she rubbed the fat head of his organ between her lips and then pushed it up inside her.
"Mmm, that's better," she purred as she sank down on Don, who groaned a little as he felt her warm pussy enveloping him in its tight, wet embrace. She proceeded to grind against him, rubbing her clit against his body while working his cock in and out of herself. Don reached up to cup her tits in his hands, gently squeezing them and brushing his thumbs over her erect nipples.
"Tighter," she murmured, as she worked her pelvis down against him.
Don squeezed her breasts harder and pinched her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers.
"Yes," she nodded with closed eyes. She was rocking herself on Don intently, leaning back so that she was fully upright on top of him. The fingers of her right hand were now stroking her clit as she rode Don's cock. "Harder!"
Don twisted her nipples and arched his back a bit, pushing up into her grasping pussy.
"Fuck yes!" she said loudly, apparently oblivious to the fact that they were fucking there open in the middle of the park. Then she was coming again, shuddering and calling out, "Goddamn! Yes! Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!"
Don just lay there, loving the way her pussy was squeezing and pulling at him, and lost in the spectacle of Jessica Biel climaxing on top of him. Then she was collapsing forward on him, kissing him passionately and deeply, while still rocking her pelvis against him. Don had automatically released her tits and was now squeezing her ass as she writhed against his body, fucking him enthusiastically. Don did his best to flex up into her in time with her motions, but she was definitely setting the pace, and soon she was coming yet again, biting down on his shoulder as her body clenched and spasmed on top of him.
Don held onto her, caressing her back, as she slowly came down. She was kissing the side of his neck, and there was no way he was going to do anything to interrupt this moment.
Then, abruptly, she pushed up and looked at him seriously, "You haven't come yet, have you?"
"Uh, no, but..."
She didn't give Don a chance to complete that thought, but quickly scrambled around until she was lying perpendicular to him so she could lean over him and suck his cock. With her hand wrapped tightly around the base, she moved her mouth up and down on his sex. Don felt her lips moving on him and her tongue massaging the length of his cock. He felt his sensitive head hitting the back of her throat. It was some of the most aggressive head he'd ever received, which, coupled with the circumstances of the entire situation, brought him to the brink in no time. He groaned loudly and shoved up into her mouth as his cock swelled in her fist and mouth and then erupted with a hot, jetting fountain of cum.
Don lay there shuddering as his orgasm had its way with him and then as his new lover intently sucked the any remaining cum from him and swallowed it down.
Don was grinning up at the sky, then there was a beautiful woman smiling down at him as she slipped her leg over his and caressed his chest. She said, "Damn, that was hot! By the way, my name is..."
"Jessica, yes, I know," Don smiled.
Her eyes widened in alarm, "You recognize me?"
"Yes, of course," he nodded. "I'm Don, and I'm very happy to meet you!"
"But... what the hell?" she looked at him intently with an expression of near panic. "This is real?"
"Well, yes, I suppose so."
"What the hell?!" she repeated. "I thought this was all some crazy dream or something."
So, Don began explaining Eros to her as best he could.
"My god," she interrupted after a bit. "What have I done? I need to get back! My son..."
"You have a son?"
"Yes, of course, and a husband!"
"Um, I didn't know that," Don frowned. He didn't bother to point out that she had still done nothing to move away from him. "I really thought you were single."
She rolled her eyes at him, "You must really be out of touch with the celebrity gossip."
"Well, yeah, that's probably true, but..."
"I thought everyone knew I was married to Justin Timberlake."
***
"What the fuck?!" Tascha interrupted. "I would have heard about that!"
"Yeah, I had pretty much the same reaction," Don laughed. "But then I had a thought..."
***
"Um, Jessica, what year is it for you?"
"What do you mean 'for me'? It's 2019."
"Ah," Don smiled. "It's just 2011 for me."
"What?!" she gaped at him. "That's crazy!"
So, Don explained what he knew of time in Eros, ending with "It's crazy, I know, and I still have questions, but the good news is that while we're here time is moving very slowly in the 'real' world. You can spend weeks here and then go back and no one will even notice that you've been gone."
"Seriously?"
"It definitely seems to be the case," Don nodded. "Does that help?"
"I guess," she admitted. "If I can get back and my son won't miss me, well, yeah, that helps."
"You'll go back automatically when you're satisfied, or bored," Don smiled. "There's also a shortcut I can help you with, if you decide you're in a hurry."
"Hmm," she frowned thoughtfully.
Don considered keeping his mouth shut, but couldn't help but ask, "And what about Justin?"
"Oh, fuck him! I'm mad at him anyway," she scowled. She explained that he had gotten too friendly with a pretty co-star, and apparently got caught by the paparazzi. "I know I'll forgive him. I love him, really, but it's just so goddamn frustrating... not to mention embarrassing. You probably think I'm crazy, but, honestly, that's the thing that's most annoying. We've both spent so much time in the spotlight, you'd think he'd know better. Asshole!"
Don frowned in what he hoped was a sympathetic way. He was having a hard time imagining anyone out there in the 'real' world stepping out, even a little, on Jessica Biel, but he was also painfully conscious of the fact that that very woman was now lying there naked in the grass with him after some truly intense sex. He didn't want to do or say anything to screw this up, including prompting her to defend her husband's honor, even a little. So, he kept his mouth shut.
Ultimately, after a few long quiet moments, she seemed to reach a conclusion. Looking down at Don, she smiled and said, "I can go back whenever I want, you said, and no one will miss me if I stay a while?"
"That's what I understand, and I can definitely help you with getting back," Don nodded.
"And, what happens in Eros stays in Eros?" she grinned. Don noticed that her hand had found his reawakened cock again.
"Certainly," he grinned back. "In fact, there's no such thing as STDs or pregnancy here."
"That's good. Holy...! I completely forgot about those things!"
"Yeah, apparently that's a side effect."
"Damn," she laughed. "Well, then, Don, want to show a girl around some?"
***
"And that's how I got to spend three days in Eros with Jessica Biel," Don concluded, rather smugly, Tascha thought.
"That's crazy!" Tascha laughed. "You lucky, lucky bastard! You're going to have to give me all the details next time we talk!"
"Okay," he smiled. "Oh, and apparently we need to keep an eye out for a series calledThe Sinner. Jess is particularly proud of that one."
"Oh, it's 'Jess' now, is it?" she grinned. "Okay, go on with your story. You've got two tasks left and it's almost time to meet Sarah."
"Okay, this won't take too long to finish up," Don smiled.