Andy stood beside the big picture window watching his sister's Acura pull into the long driveway. Its bright red color echoed his sister, vivid and standing out in a crowd. She stopped and slowly climbed out of the car, letting her 5'-10" frame unwind from the driver's side door. She stood still for a moment, stretching her long, tanned legs that emerged from a pair of very short shorts that matched the car, her ample bosom obvious under the small tank top that left her equally tanned shoulders and belly bare for everyone to see. Her long, dark brunette hair was tied back in a neat pony tail and Andy was surprised to see that she was wearing little flip-flops rather than the 3" heeled sandals she usually wore to accentuate her height. She looked around, appraising the house and yard and then headed for the front door which Andy opened as she arrived.
"Hey bro, sup?" she greeted him with along with a kiss on the cheek which she actually had to stretch upward to do. Andy was nearly 6'-4" and had the same dark hair as his sister which only accentuated the pale green eyes they both had inherited from their mother. Neither of them were what you could describe as either fat or skinny. Most just called them, "Wow," as each seemed to fulfill other's ideas of what a guy or a girl should look like.
"Hey, Sammy," he replied, returning her kiss on the cheek. "How come you're out here today?"
"Andy, boy, I came to see the house and what you've done with it." They used the names everyone else called them, except their mother who referred to them as Anderson and Samantha, noting with a little shrug of her nose that nicknames were crass and low class. Sammy was looking around, checking the décor of Andy's new house, a gift from his grandmother when he graduated from college. She was smiling now. "So, did you do all this yourself 'cause I really like what I see so far?"
"It's about half mine," he answered, a sly smile on his face.
Sammy turned to look at him, returning the sly smile. "And can I assume the other half is by that delightful little decorator from the furniture store?"
"It was her idea. When I was buying the furniture we got to talking and she wanted to come and see the house and then she just volunteered to help out."
"Volunteered to help out, how sweet of her." A strong hint of sarcasm colored Sammy's answer. "Was she encouraged at all, maybe just a little bit? And did you get a little more from her than just some decorating hints?" She winked at him.
"Come on, Sammy. That's something you'd do," he jabbed back at her. "No I didn't get anything more than the decorating . . . although I think she thought there might be some more," he added with a smile.
"Un huh," was the knowing response from Sammy.
"Yeah, I have to admit the last time she came out here to deliver some stuff she forgot to wear about half of her clothes. Between her bending over a bunch of times to rearrange things and sitting on the couch there and crossing and uncrossing her legs I got a pretty good view of about everything she had to offer."
"Silly girl," Sammy quipped. "Just the opposite of what my Andy likes."
"Yep," he confirmed. "She was pretty cute but just a mite too aggressive. I felt bad because I know she thought I'd jump her right there but I never did anything to encourage her, it was all just her fantasies I guess all along."
"Well, bro, you didn't think you did anything to encourage her but with that huge grin you have, those green eyes that sparkle when you look at someone and just the big sweetheart you always are, you unconsciously encourage, believe me. That's the difference between us. I do it purposefully and you do it by just being yourself. We are a little different aren't we?"
Sammy walked around the house, checking each room, commenting some and asking a few questions. Finally she returned to the living room and sat down. "You know, of course, I can tell which rooms were mostly yours and which were mostly hers."
"Really? How's that?"
The ones you did just look masculine as hell and the others are a little more fluffy, if you know what I mean."
"Fluffy? I don't need fluffy," he said, suddenly looking around.
"Don't worry, people will just think it's your softer side. By the way, you looking for a job yet?"
"Naw, I'm just gonna use the money grandma gave me for a while. I worked like hell for four years with the school and the running. It took all my time so I'm going to rest for a while."
"Suit yourself. Dad will be pissed but he'll get over it." She stood up to leave and looked out the side window. "So what's up with the Morton's house? You spent a lot of time over there doing stuff didn't you?"
"Sure did. When Mr. Morton had that stroke he couldn't do much of anything so I did about everything that a man would normally do around there in the way of chores and stuff. I really felt good that he seemed to be getting better and then, bang, another stroke and he was gone." He shook his head, a sad look in his eyes. He had gotten to really like the Morton's.
"So, is she still there?"
"Nope, she told me she'd sold the house and was moving to Texas to be with one of her daughters and family. She left about a week ago.
"Kind of sad but you should be getting new neighbors soon."
"I was gone all day yesterday, but I think someone may have actually moved in. Anxious to meet them of course."
"Yeah, me too," she said absently, heading for the front door. "See you later," and she was out the door and in her car and gone.
Andy went to the kitchen and got a can of soda out of the regrigerator and opened it, diet of course, and glanced out the window. His eyes widened as he could see someone in the backyard next door. And, without checking again, he could see that it was really SOMEONE. Grabbing another diet coke he headed out the back door and was quickly closing the distance to the yard next door.
"Hi new neighbor," he called, holding up the can of diet soda.
"Oh hi," she said, smiling a beautiful white-toothed smile. She was maybe 5"-5" with reddish brown hair, sparking brown eyes and a figure that shouted athlete as loud as it could. He could see the tan lines that criss-crossed her back just above the little tank top she was wearing, that obviously came from a sports bra worn while she spent a good bit of time in the sun. The stomach that showed beneath the halter was flat with just the hint of a six-pack there. Her gorgeous but well-muscled legs emerged from what he knew to be bun huggers that runners wore.
He stuck out his hand. "I'm Anderson Whitworth but if you call me Anderson I'll probably have to whup you so just call me Andy."
She took his hand laughing. "I'm Melissa Griffin and lots of people call me Lissa, but I won't whup you either way."
He checked her left hand, noting that it was ring-less, not aware that she was doing the same to him. "Oh, pardon me. I brought you a diet Coke, if that's okay." He held it out to her.
"Thanks so much," she said, "as long as it's diet." She took it, lifted the tab to the usual hiss and took a long drink. "Good," she said, then, "how long have you lived here?"
"Just a few months," he replied and noted her looking from him to the house and back again. Deciding why not, he went on. "I just graduated from college and this," he gestured, "was a graduation present from my grandmother." He saw her eyes widen as she stared at him.
"No shit," she said gently, "and pardon the language. I thought I was the only one who chose their parents well." She pointed to her house. "From my parents," she said.
They couldn't help but laugh at the irony of the situation. It was nearly unbelievable that something like that would happen. They were very comfortable three bedroom, two bath homes on roomy half acre lots.
When the laughing stopped he couldn't resist any longer. "So," he said looking her up and down. "You're an athlete aren't you."
"She held out her arms. "How could you guess," she said, giggling. He didn't mention that, if he had a choice of any body type in the world, she would be right there at the top of his list. He loved female athletes and had dated several in both high school and college. "Yep, I am, or was . . . or I guess I still am. Swimming, track and cross-country. I went to a little college in Ohio, Kenyon College and they had a fantastic swimming program, Division III. Since sometime in the 1980's they've won like 23 national championships. Swimming was my big sport but I loved running too."
"What events?"
"Swimming or track?"
"Yep," he replied, grinning.
"The 400 and 800 in swimming, the 3000 and 5000 in track, and then cross-country of course.
"Fantastic. In our small world-ish-ness here, I went to a small school in Ohio too." He couldn't help but grin. "It's called Ohio State, and I ran the 400 and 800 for them. But, somehow you look like you would have been a fine swimmer."
"My broad shoulders you mean?" Her demeanor seemed to deflate a little when she said that. It was obviously something she didn't truly like about herself which he decided needed to be corrected immediately.
"Don't kid yourself," he said. You look fantastic and the some winning is double fantastic." But he was fumbling and not sure what to do next, totally unusual for him as he never had trouble around females. Then he decided, what the heck. "You look so good I'd love to take you out to dinner this evening."
Now it was her turn to fumble and she looked at him without replying, realizing that was a mistake as that huge smile, those green eyes and his equally athletic physique seemed to swallow her whole and before she could think she was saying, "I'd love to." And, in a continuing answer to his question, "I was the division III national champion in the 800 last year."
He shook his head. "I just knew it," he said. "Congratulation and you look the part perfectly. How about 8:00 and dress casually?" He held up his hand and got a high five in return.
"I'll be ready," she said, but ready for what? She's only dated a few times in college, just too busy, and only one time a second date. Now, in just five or ten minutes she'd agreed to a date with a perfect stranger. But, the more she thought about it the more she thought the "perfect" fit him exactly.
Melissa returned to her house, not looking back at the departing Andy and was a little surprised by what had happened. He seemed to be a really nice guy, as far as she could tell this quickly, but she was training for a triathlon and didn't need any distractions. Also, there was the new job that was taking a lot of time as she sought to learn all she needed for that. He was totally delicious though, those eyes and that smile had kind of flummoxed her and she wasn't going to allow that to happen again, at least she hoped not. Still, she might have her ways to find out just exactly what he was about. Obviously rich and possibly without any sense of responsibility, she wasn't sure he was what she needed in her life, despite that fact that she was much the same. Maybe that was it - she knew the type too well.
She changed clothes and took off for a 20 mile bike ride, returning very tired and very sweaty as she had pushed hard, harder than normal and she attributed that somehow to her meeting with Andy. She showered and then wondered why she was taking so long to pick out the casual clothes to wear. Finally she decided and, when it was time, dressed and was ready for her date, something that she hadn't done too much of in college.
Andy slipped on a pair of pale yellow Bermuda shorts and a pale orange golf shirt, his favorite colors, and a pair of leather sandals. It was 7:50 so he went out the front door and across the lawn to knock on Melissa's front door. Quickly it opened.
"Hey, come on in," she said with a sweep of her hand. She had on a very short and very tight white skirt that accentuated her rather long runner's legs and a bright orange kind of crop top blouse that went straight across just above her breasts to little sleeves that left her shoulders totally bare. He decided she had figured out quickly how to torment him to the utmost. She didn't seem to mind that it left the criss cross tan lines visible and he certainly didn't mind either. Prying his eyes from her alluring body he looked around the room.
"Going to be doing a little furniture shopping I guess," he ventured.
She laughed, a warm and very alluring sound. What was going on here? His reactions were so unlike him, a junior Don Juan as his sister liked to say. "I will be doing that when I get a chance," she answered, looking around at the mostly empty room. I just have these few pieces so far, and a very nice bed." As soon as the words were out of her mouth she wanted to take them back, her cheeks reddening slightly but, instead, she watched for his reaction and didn't see one.
"Congratulations again," he said quite out of the blue.
"What for?"
He gestured to the woven gold-colored cord lying on a table in the corner. "Which cum laude is that for?"
Well, she thought, amazed that he had both seen it and knew what it was. "Just the plain one," she answered quickly and he thought he noticed a slight blush on her cheeks.
"There are no plain ones of those. Bright and athletic is my new neighbor." He held out his hand and she took it and they went out the door toward his car, a lithe and black little Porsche Boxster. He opened the door and watched as she slid into the seat and wondered, with that white skirt stretched tightly across those delicious buns, if she had on any underwear at all. If there was any it had to be very, very small. He also noticed that the rather different blouse gapped away from her slightly as she bent into the car and he had a brief glimpse of pale skin on two rather delicate and delectable globes that all too quickly were gone. Most distance running females he had seen in college were basically bust-less, but she was certainly the exception to that rule. He climbed in and they zoomed off to dinner.
At the restaurant they ordered and talked, mostly about college and running but each shared a little personal information about their own life as well. He knew that most girls fell victim to his eyes and smile and were quickly ready to go to his place and climb in the sack with him. But, Melissa seemed to be bullet proof. And, on the other hand, he was the one that could sit and look and talk to her for the rest of the night, could swoop her up and take her away to his lair and . . . He had to stop his mind from thinking those thoughts although he knew there wasn't much chance of that. When they were ready to leave, Melissa's purse slipped off to the floor. Andy quickly bent to pick it up as Melissa did the same. As they bumped cheeks, Andy got an even better view of that pale skin than he had before and, although he didn't see any nipple, neither did he see any cloth down there either. She was braless but he would have never known without that view.
He had the purse and as they straightened up their faces were about two inches apart and it was all he could do to keep from grabbing that alluring face and kissing it. But, he didn't.
"Thanks," she said, barely above a whisper, her eyes locked on his, and he was sorry he hadn't gone ahead with the kiss. Too late now, though, so they went to the car and headed home. He pulled into his driveway, went around and helped her out, cursing the darkness which didn't allow another good look at that wonderful pale skin. They walked across the grass to her door where she turned to face him, taking his hands in hers.
"Thanks so much," she said warmly. "I had a great time."
Those big brown eyes again. "Me too. Maybe we can do it again soon."
"I'd love that," she said, squeezing his hands and he took that as a sign and leaned in and kissed her. He felt her lips move just a little but she quickly backed away. "Night," she said and slipped through the door and closed it behind her.
As he walked to his house he wondered if she knew what a tease and enchantress she was. Hard to imagine that she didn't. Inside, he turned on the living room light and then went back to the bedroom. It was still early, just 11:00, and he could sleep in tomorrow so he thought he might check some stuff on the internet. As he was ready to turn on the bedroom light he glanced out the window. The light in the window in Melissa's house was on and he knew, from his working there, that it was her bedroom. He wished the houses were closer together so he could see better but, suddenly, she was there, framed in the window. She was facing away from him and the window only showed her from the waist up but he could clearly see her very bare back. Turn around, he thought. Please, please, please turn around. She loosed the pony tail and tossed her hair around, running her hands through it, then turned and for a tiny instant he caught a glimpse of her right breast, a glimpse that didn't do anything to salve his imagination.
He knew she was in the bathroom, he could see the light through the frosted window there as well. Then he could tell that she was taking a shower and hadn't closed the bathroom door and probably had forgotten to turn on the exhaust fan as the bedroom window was beginning to steam up just a little. He watched expectantly and finally she reappeared, still toweling off her hair. Then, to his initial delight, she turned to face the window and, to his complete disappointment , he realized that the steamed window was fogging the view that he so, so wanted to see. He was nearly drooling in anticipation. Then he noticed her getting closer to the window. He saw her take the towel and slowly wipe the fog away. His anticipation was rewarded with a view of those pale globes he had seen In part only before, but now in the whole. The dark areolas were beautiful but he was too far away to see the nipples. She wasn't looking his way, just drying her hair again, the constant movement making those wonderful breasts jiggle and bounce a little. In a few more seconds she was away from the window and, very quickly the light went out. It happened so fast he could only imagine that she slept nude.
He lay down on his bed, struggling to get his pants off over the huge erection he'd developed. Soon he was stroking away, and he didn't even care that he shot streams of white liquid all over his pale orange shirt.
He was up fairly early the next morning, in time to watch Lissa leave for work, her bright blue new Honda Accord backing out of the driveway, then zooming away down the street. He puttered around the house for a short while, then made a quick trip to his mother's house which he never enjoyed but felt obligated to do, then finally made a side trip to Gander Mountain, where he carefully selected a compact a pair of 8x21 Nikon binoculars, focusing them across the store at a spot about . . . yes, about as far away as the house next door. Satisfied, he bought them.
That evening he watched Melissa arrive home from work, then head out again carrying a little duffle bag. No bicycle and no need to drive to run so tonight must be a swimming night. An hour and a half later she was back and he drifted out his door as she was pulling up the driveway. She waved as she pulled into the garage and then came back out before she closed the door. She had tied that rather light auburn hair into a pony tail that was still very wet.
"Swimming tonight?" He said lightly.
"Sure thing. I joined the Y so it's pretty easy. Hopefully there's a neighborhood pool that's a little closer." She shook her head and the pony tail slapped from side to side. "Ugh, still wet," she said.
"Speaking of still wet, in my back yard is a wonderful little hot tub if you're up for relaxing after that workout."
"More water," she said, laughing. She had known from the first that he was trying to seduce her, but in a special way. Even inexperienced as she was with men and dating, she knew people and sensed that he was very sincere in what and why he was doing it. But, and she wasn't sure why, she wanted this to stretch out, so that she could be sure of it. It might be fun to see him in a bathing suit she thought, hoping that he wouldn't suggest nude hot tubbing. "Sure, let me take my stuff inside and I'll be over in 15 minutes if that's okay."
"Perfect," he said. I'll get everything ready."
She went inside and put the garage door down, then headed toward her room. In her room, she eyed the window and smiled. She had a bunch of suits from her swimming days and then, there was the pink bikini she had gotten herself her senior year in high school but never wore it except to check how she looked in it in her mirror. She dug through one of the moving cartons, deciding for sure that she'd save the bikini for a more appropriate time if that ever happened. She went through the four or five black competition suits with the little Kenyon logo just above the leg opening. With a smile she picked the one from her freshman year. She thought she could still get into it and she was sure Andy would enjoy it as well. It didn't take a cum laude graduate to realize that he loved her body so she decided, on an opening level, if you got it, flaunt it. She squirmed into the suit, checked herself in the mirror, uttered a "whew," and headed for the back door, grabbing a towel from the bathroom as she went by.
Andy had the cover off the hot tub, the pump on, generating the vigorous bubbling he loved and he had gotten a container of ice with a bottle of wine and two glasses. He had debated about cheese but decided against it. And, of course, he had quickly changed into his bathing suit and also grabbed a towel. Now he happened to turn to set the tray of wine and the glasses on the little table by the hot tub when he saw her walking toward him, halfway across her yard, her hips swinging from side to side, the towel dragging behind her in the grass. It was so sensual he had to bite his tongue to keep from groaning. He saw her big smile as she got closer and tried not to gawk as he eyed her body in the suit. As far as he could tell, it might well have been body paint that she was wearing. The suit was stretched tight to every spot it covered on her body and, of course, it shone in the setting sun, glistening subtly in a way he was sure was designed to torment him. Her legs were longer than he might have expected, accentuated by the suit, and all the skin that showed was as smooth as and glistened like the suit. Her breasts were those globes he had seen and imagined, perfectly shaped and . . . he thought he might just die right there, totally not like himself but she was totally not anything he had experienced before.
"I have some wine here," he noted. "Are you a wine drinker?"
"Not much," she replied, "but yes, if it's the right kind."
"So, the pressure is on I guess."
"You might say that."
It was on more than she could imagine he decided
"I'm a simple guy. I like Chardonnay. My mother constantly belittles my wine choices. Hers have to cost over $100 a bottle or she wouldn't think of putting it to her lips."
She laughed. "No disrespect to your mother but your choice is my choice as well." He poured two glasses and sat them on the edge of the tub. He gestured for her to climb in, noticing for the first time that two small nubs had appeared on the tips of her breasts underneath the smooth blackness of her suit. Just that simple observation gave him a twinge under his bathing suit.
Melissa climbed into the hot tub, the water feeling good on her legs and, as she bent to sit down she also saw the bumps on her breasts. She chastised herself for forgetting about that. It happened at swimming meets sometimes, when the natatorium was a little cool. But, her only other choice was the pink bikini and she was sure it would have been even worse. Andy climbed into the tub too, his legs bumping hers several times as he got his long frame seated. She had to admit that the warm water felt good. She also had to admit that she enjoyed seeing Andy's rather muscular body in the bathing suit. Another side of her, that she kept trying to shove aside, wished he had been in one of those tight Speedos so she could ogle his package a little.
They talked and laughed and inadvertently rubbed legs under the water. Before too long the bottle of wine was empty and the buzzing in her head told her it was time to get away from that smile and those green eyes before her plan went awry. She stood up to leave, knowing where his eyes would be since those formerly little lumps were now more than twice as big as before. And the suit just magnified that. She climbed out of the tub and thanked him for the invitation. Then she stood on tiptoes, put her hand on his cheek and kissed him. She felt his lips begin to open and she gently backed away.
He took a deep breath. "Bicycling yesterday and swimming today should mean a run tomorrow. I'd love to join you for that. I think my slightly faster twitch muscles can keep up with your slower twitch muscles." The sultry look on her face when he finished that double entendre statement made him nearly explode.
Not believing she was saying it she replied, "Sure, we can twitch together." She pivoted and headed for her house, dragging her towel behind her again. She knew he was watching her buns move from side to side . . . and she enjoyed it.
Not only was he watching her buns, his mouth was standing open and he wondered if he had heard what he just heard. Plus, he had seen those nipples standing at attention and, since she was in the hot tub, it wasn't the cold air that had caused it. At the same time, the lump in his pants was becoming a little uncomfortable so he turned off the tub, put the cover on, gathered up the empty wine bottle and other remnants of the evening and went inside. He slipped off the wet suit and put on some pajama bottoms, thinking he would shower before he got into bed. Now his devious self took over and he checked her house and saw the living room light on. So, he turned on his bedroom light and left his living room light off. Then he began watching.
Sure enough she came into the living room, a towel around her head and one around her body as well. Obviously she had opted for an early shower, not wanting to smell like chlorine for the rest of the evening. He could see her over by the TV fiddling with something, then she went to the couch and sat down. He went over to the table and picked up the new Nikons and quickly focused. Wow, everything was close and very sharp. Their houses were maybe 50 or 60 feet apart so 8X brought things pretty close. The TV was at an angle so it was hard to see what was on it but, the more he watched. . . what the hell? It was porn if it was anything. Not wanting to waste time on that he swung the binoculars toward her on the couch. He nearly choked as she had thrown the towel off and was stretched back, totally naked. He could see her pale breasts very clearly, the nipples still nicely erect. Looking lower he could make out a patch of light auburn hair between her legs, where her hand was beginning to gently rub.
Quickly up to her face, her mouth open and eyes half shut, then back down to see the other hand with fingers inside, moving in and out ever more rapidly. The first hand, now obviously working on her clit as she began a slow arch upward, hips off the couch. Suddenly her head flung backward and he could see her breasts bouncing as her body jerked rhythmically . Her mouth was open and he could only imagine the sounds that might be echoing around that room. Slowly she settled back down and just lay there, stretched out, her hand still between her legs. He saw her take a huge deep breath and then slowly stand up. He wanted to get his camera and take a picture of her standing there totally nude, flushed and panting, maybe even a video, but, what little sense of right and wrong he had left stopped him. Slowly she walked toward the window and looked out as he drank in every second and every inch of her beauty. Then, she took hold of the chord and pulled the drapes shut.
Melissa stood there, breathless, holding onto the drapery chord for the little support it could give. She was 75% sure he had to be watching - he just had to be. The thought of him watching had driven her over the edge as she almost totally ignored the porn on the TV. She knew from his looks and comments that he loved her body, something that she had never really experienced before. And now he had seen about all there was to see. She had been very disappointed the first night that the architect that had designed the house has made the bedroom window only go down to her waist. She had wanted it to go to her knees. And she had amazed herself that she could just casually wipe the moisture off the window so he could see better if he was there. Now, if he would only respond without her asking verbally, which certainly wasn't going to happen.
Andy sat in the dark living room thinking. Maybe he thought too much but he couldn't help it. Why did she do that? She had to know that he could see her if he was looking. She had to know. She had to know. As he said it the third time he realized for the first time what "she had to know" meant. Why was she showing all that for him? Obviously she enjoyed it, perhaps in more ways than one. He chewed on his thumb nail. Could she actually want that, he thought. It was so weird and different, but he wasn't in college any more so things might just be different. He wondered if he could do it. Did she feel about him what he felt about her and was this monumental teasing just a prelude or was it the whole story? Only one way to find out he decided.
Melissa was hopeful. He was obviously a smart guy. Maybe not cum laude like her but smart enough to graduate. Maybe it was just too far out for him to grasp it. Maybe. She turned off the lights in the living room and bit her lip. She gently pulled back the edge of the curtain. Hopeful, she noted that he had turned on his living room lights and even more hopeful, he was standing there looking out the window. She jiggled the curtain, hopefully enough that, if he was watching carefully, he would see it move. A little smile crossed his face and she could feel the warmth from all the other smiles she had seen on his face. He knows, she thought. He really knows now. Slowly he backed up and took off his shirt, tossing it on a chair. He stretched and yawned, then unfastened his pants and they slide down his legs. Thoughtfully he turned sideways so the lump in his boxers was in profile. Slowly, he hooked the waist band and pulled them down, pausing to lift them carefully over his erection. She was having trouble breathing as she watched.
Andy was putting on a show. He had seen the curtain jiggle and was wise enough to know it was a signal. He wasn't sure why it was a signal, he just knew that it was. As he lifted the boxers over his erection he wondered what she was thinking. Despite what was happening he was convinced that she was still a virgin, just something about her told him that. So, what she was seeing wasn't something she was used to seeing and she was not comparing him to something or someone else. True or not, it gave him the confidence to continue. And, the way he felt, he was afraid the show might be a short one. But, he'd do his best. He sat on the chair and began to stroke himself, slowly now he thought or this could be a quicky. His mind made a bee line for what he had just seen, conjuring up the image of her, the watcher that had just been watched. He saw those breasts, those nipples, that wonderful little muff and pictured her rubbing, then arching, the look on her face, the sounds he couldn't hear and he was done for as the ropes of milky liquid erupted from his twitching cock onto his chest and stomach. He sat there for long moments, then looked across to her window and smiled again. What he didn't see or hear was her second orgasm as she clung to the drapes, weak kneed and totally spent but very, very satisfied.
She awoke the next morning, anxious for her day, her steps bouncy and quick as she fixed and ate breakfast, got her things together and backed the car out of the garage. She glanced over at Andy's house to see him waving at her as he was gathering the newspaper from his front porch. She tooted her horn and smiled all the way to work. After work, she swung by the Gander Mountain store and, after some careful checking, picked out a pair of 8x21 Nikon binoculars. When she went to pay, the clerk took her name and address for warranty purposes and then remarked that it was the second pair of those he'd sold this week to someone on her street. He looked at her oddly as she laughed out loud.
Andy was up and getting the newspaper when he waved at Melissa, leaving for work and got a horn toot in return. He went inside, fixed some breakfast and had nearly finished the paper when he heard a noise outside and could see Sammy's Acura pulling up the driveway. Of course, she didn't knock but just tried the door which was unlocked. "Big day ahead Mr. Anderson?" she asked, smiling.
"Going to do a little clothing shopping I think."
She was looking out the big window. "Meet the new neighbors yet?"
"Ohhhh yeah," he replied with a huge smile. "And it's' just a single neighbor."
"No need to ask what THAT means," she giggled at him. "And I assume the single is used twice in that sentence."
"It is indeed."
"So, tell me about her." She noted the dreamy look on his face as he was looking out the window at the house next door. "If she's that good maybe you should invite me over and we'll have a threesome."
"Shut up, Sammy. You're not into girls."
"But, if she's as good as that look on your face is saying, I might change." He started toward her and she jumped behind the chair. He feinted, then went the other way and was too quick for her. He threw his arms around her and held her tight.
"You're in trouble now for that remark. The dreaded incestuous kiss is on the way."
She screamed and threw one hand over her mouth. "Oh lord, don't you dare." She was glaring daggers at him.
"Would probably be worse for you than me," he taunted and she stuck out her tongue at him. "Oh, that kind of a kiss," he said, leaning in toward her as she dug her fingernails into his arm. "Ouch," was his prompt yell and he turned her loose.
"You turd," she grumped as she backed away.
"That the best you've got?"
"No, but it's all you're going to get." She glared at him, then threw her arms out and he stepped forward and they hugged, giggling together.
"Love you, sis," he said in her ear.
"Love you right back, big guy," she answered.
"So what are you doing these days?" he queried.
"Actually, I'm volunteering downtown at the homeless shelter."
"That doesn't seem too much like the Sammy I know."
"I love it, and I'm doing some good for a change."
"That's fantastic. What does mommy dearest think about that or does she know?"
"Oh she knows." With that Sammy began her imitation of her mother, curling up one side of her upper lip. "I don't know how you can stand to do that, being there with those filthy, disgusting and germ infested people. It isn't normal." Even her voice sounded like their mother.
"You're good at that," he complimented. "Have you ever considered that we might be adopted?"
"Oh yeah, lots of times. But the dark hair and green eyes kind of tie us to her." Now they both laughed together. "Listen, say hello to your neighbor for me. Have you asked her out yet?"
"We went to dinner the other night.'
"Keep at it. I'd love to meet her. She obviously has affected you in a way I haven't seen before."
"One day," he answered, not sure he was ready for that yet. Sammy kissed him on the cheek and was out the door. The car barked to life, a little squeal of rubber, a black mark on his driveway, and she was gone again. He did love his sister. In fact, if she wasn't his sister he might try to get her to marry him. He had to giggle at that thought.
When Melissa pulled into her driveway, he was sitting in the yard in his running clothes, lacing up his shoes. "You're eager," she said, rolling down the car window, and he wished that everything she said didn't seem to have a double meaning for him.
"Well, my day hasn't been as exciting and stuffed with activity as I'm sure yours has. I'm just ready to let loose here and have a good run. Have I told you that I just love to run, for running's sake."
"You never have but it's not surprising. I'm like that with swimming for sure. Heaven for me would have a 100 mile long swimming pool so I could just go on forever."
Lord he loved that face he thought as she gazed at him, making him fumble with the shoe laces.
'Give me 10 minutes," and she pulled into the garage, the door dropping down behind her. He wondered what she'd be wearing.
It was even less than 10 minutes when she reappeared. He closed his eyes to steady his breathing. Rather than normal running shorts, she had on the competition style black bun huggers, and on her they lived up to their name. Up top she had on the black sports bra with the straps that created those gentle tan line stripes on her back. Little ankle socks and running shoes completed the outfit.
He stood up. "Okay, ground rules," he said. She looked puzzled. "You're an NCAA champion which means you're kind of competitive. I'm a little that way too so we just want to be sure there's none of that in our run."
She smiled broadly at him. "I'm just out for a nice run with my neighbor. Running, chatting and all that." Then she closed one eye in a half wink. "Just your fast twitches with my slower twitches, right."
He knew that she knew what she was doing to him and he knew that she was enjoying it. But, a couple more remarks like that and he wouldn't be able to run at all.
They started off jogging through the neighborhood, his long legs eating up the ground easily. Out of the corner of his eye he watched her striding along beside him, her stride not much shorter than his. She ran easily, arms relaxed and looking like she enjoyed it.
"Is Kenyon in the OAC," he asked, the OAC being the Ohio Athletic Conference.
"No, the NCAC," that being the North Coast Athletic Conference. She was talking very normally, not starving for breath at all.
"And, were you anything special, running there," he grinned at her, almost afraid of her answer.
"Nothing special but I did win the conference 5000 two years and the 3000 one year."
"Melissa, you're killing me here. I got nothing to show for my four years at OSU but a couple of dual meet wins and a second place in the Big 10 meet in the 4 x 400 relay, only because the regular fourth man twisted his ankle the week of the meet."
"Sounds plenty good to me," she sent back to him, "since the NCAC sure isn't the Big 10. I need a little speed work here if it's okay with you. Not competitive of course."
"Have at it, then."
She began accelerating, stretching out her stride, lifting her knees and pumping her arms. In forty yards she was at nearly full speed and glanced to her side to see Andy striding along easily, like he was out for a Sunday stroll. Once again in her life she marveled at how wonderful pure speed was. She slowed down to their regular pace, puffing a little. "It's not fair," she said. "You weren't even working."
He smiled aback at her. "Being born fast is a blessing."
"You've always been fast haven't you?"
His eyes met hers and he knew that last remark had nothing to do with running. But, he could play too."
"Pretty much so, I guess. It's been exciting, but it hasn't gotten me what I want."
"And what's that," she asked, still panting.
"The prize," he quickly replied. "That trophy that everyone wants. That thing that says you've won and don't need to compete again."
She couldn't look at him but he looked at her and saw those bumps forming at the points of her sports bra. At least they were nearly home and he could die in peace. They stopped in front of her house and she gave his hand a squeeze.
"Thanks so much," she said, swallowing him with those big brown eyes. "It's lots more fun to run with someone than alone." He wanted to kiss her again but he didn't. She wished that he had. "See ya later," she said, jogging toward her front door.
The next weeks passed much like the previous ones, those two worlds existing side by side, the world of fantasy and binoculars and the real one, where they went to dinner, held hands and walked with arms around each other's waists. He wanted to join those two worlds - he had to join them because he wanted her, more than anything before in his life. And so it was that he invited her to hot tub again after her swimming session and she happily agreed. At her house she debated about which suit to wear again. She held up the black ones, one after another, then, with a determined look on her face, she held up the pink bikini. Could she? It would show all of her tan lines. She stared at it and realized that Andy didn't care about tan lines, he only saw her. She stripped and put the bikini on, checking herself in the mirror. She wondered why she had bought it as a high school girl but today, she was glad she had. It showed everything but those most precious parts of her. One last deep breath and she grabbed a towel and headed for the back door.
Andy, in his hot tub routine, had set the wine and the glasses on the table and was setting the cover aside when he turned to look toward Melissa's house. In the deepening dusk he could see her coming toward him, a tanned body with three small patches of pink and dragging a towel. His pulse raced and the tingle that went from head to toe weakened his knees and he was afraid he couldn't stand. He knew that angels couldn't be more beautiful or appealing than was this heavenly vision approaching him. "Hi," he tried to say and choked on it.
"Hi," she replied, tossing the towel aside and tiptoeing up to kiss him. "Thanks for the invite."
He climbed into the pool quickly and his swim trunks were beginning to reveal a little more about his anatomy than he needed at that moment. He held out a hand to help her climb in, nearly overwhelmed by all the bare skin he could see. She nestled down, water to her neck and made a sound like a purr. "Sooo nice," she said.
"Amen," he added and he wasn't talking about the hot tub.
They talked for nearly an hour and now it was very dark. Andy decided it was time. Two separate worlds that needed to be joined. He took a deep breath and started. Under the water he worked to slide the waist band of his trunks down his legs while still laughing and talking. He twisted sideways and they were around his knees and then off. He was naked. Slowly, his right hand lifted the trunks out of the water and he held them up. The expression on her face never changed but she almost immediately held aloft a pink top in her right hand and a pink bottom in her left. She was ahead of him again. They tossed the clothing to the ground outside the tub as he reached over and punched the button that turned on the underwater light. The glow that appeared was tantalizing for both of them. Hints of what was under the water danced in the bubbles and caused imaginations to create wonderful pictures.
They sat and talked for quite a while, then suddenly the bubbles stopped as the pump shut off. Now there was more clear vision and much less imagination. "I need to go," she said quietly, stood up and stepped out of the tub and he stopped breathing. As he stood up, she looked at him, smiled, then picked up her towel and the little pink patches and headed toward her house. He wished he could see those bare buns moving back and forth as she walked but, not sure how or why, he was determined that the evening wasn't over yet. He dejectedly gathered everything , put the lid on the tub and headed inside.
Very purposefully he went to the living room and looked out the big window, seeing what he prayed he would see. She was wrapped in her towel, at her window looking across the space straight at him, with what he thought seemed to be a yearning look on her face. He never hesitated, quickly running out his front door and across the yard to her front door. He opened it and strode inside, looking around for her as she switched the light off. He walked over to her and could see her smile in the gentle glow from the hallway light. He reached for her and she jumped aside. He reached again and she stepped out of his reach. She was very quick. She danced around a chair with him after her. She giggled but this time he was able to grab the towel. She tugged but he jerked it away. Now they were both naked. She danced away but he cut her off, then the other way but now he had her trapped in the corner of the room. He slowly moved forward until they were just a foot apart and he could feel the warmth radiating off her body. They stood that way for long seconds, the only sounds that of their ragged breathing.
Suddenly her arms were around his neck and she jumped up, clamping her legs around his waist and she was kissing him frantically, eyes, ears, nose, forehead, everywhere she could reach. He grabbed her face and guided her lips to his. She ground her face against his, as his tongue darted between her lips. Hers darted out into his and they wrestled with little moans from her throat that were driving him nearly crazy. Her back was pressed against the wall and he could feel her breasts crushed against his chest. He threw his arms around her and began stumbling toward the bedroom. In the lighted hallway he could see her face, flushed, her nose flaring with her heavy breathing. Inside the room, she dropped her legs to the floor but he lifted her gently to the bed. She held onto him, dragging him down with her. He could have just stood there and looked at her, drinking in, what for him, was her perfection but he had no choice but to follow her down. She was still kissing his face unendingly.
Suddenly she pushed him over to his back, then sat up, looking at his erection. She bent and kissed the head. Then very slowly and tentatively she bent down and took it in her mouth. His hips arched at the touch of her lips. He was sure she'd never done anything like this before but he had certainly never felt anything like this before either. For him it wasn't how good she was at it but what she was doing, and she was doing it to him. It was heavenly as her head moved up and down, clearly visible in the glow from the hallway. But, he knew he couldn't stand much more and he gently murmured, "stop, stop, stop." She stopped and looked almost terrified. "It's too wonderful," he was able to get out, "but it's too soon." Thankfully she smiled as he rolled her onto her back and whispered, "My turn."
He kissed down her chest, pausing to enjoy each nipple with his tongue and lips, to her tantalizing moans, squeezing each of those wonderful mounds that were her breasts, so soft, so firm so . . . so everything he ever wanted. Then on to her flat and very firm stomach until at last he nuzzled that light auburn bush. Her body seemed to move to his every touch and the sounds that filled his ears only drove his own passion to ever higher levels. He gently spread her legs and heard a murmured, "Yes," as he did. His tongue touched the wetness of that secret cleft where her womanhood hid. It slid from bottom to top and back down, then pressed again until the lips parted and it slipped inside for just a second to a throaty gasp from Melissa. It probed at the hood and finally searched out that nub he so wanted to touch. Now she was making more noises in her throat as she thrust upward against that tongue. He had to remind himself that he was sure she was a virgin. One part of that didn't matter as he knew they'd be married before long. The other part was very important.
Slowly he put a finger against that cleft, surprised but ecstatic at how wet it was. Gently he pressed the finger between those lips and felt it slide inside her. He pressed it in again and heard a pained squeal that tore at his heart. "Keep going," she groaned, overcoming his hesitation and he switched to two fingers, her warm and very slippery little tube very tight around the fingers.
"Tell me," he said softly to her. "It's wonderful," was her throaty reply. With the fingers still inside, once again his tongue went to work as his other hand spread her to reveal that throbbing clit that he coveted so much. His tongue and lips flicked and enveloped it to her growing excitement until she could take no more and a long and loud, "OOOHHHHHH," accompanied her rolling hips and gave him one of the most wonderful feeling of fulfillment that he had ever experienced. Now she lifted her head and mumbled, "Please, now." He couldn't move fast enough as he rolled over and pulled her on top of him.
"Your turn," he whispered in her ear. Despite her body being overwhelmed with passion, she knew what he was doing and she loved him for it, actually the first time she had connected that word to him. But, it wasn't what she wanted or had dreamed of but she wanted him so badly, totally like nothing she had ever felt before.
"No," she said gently. "You," and rolled over on the bed, reaching out to pull him on top of her. He didn't fight because he knew her now.
They kissed again and, with his mouth against hers he said, from the depths of everything he was, "I love you." As he moved his hand down to his throbbing erection, she spread her legs, and then spread them wider. He guided himself to that still very soppy slit and felt it part as he pressed forward and slid barely inside her. She was nearly gasping, her breathing loud and almost raspy. He gently pushed and she groaned, but her hands went to his butt cheeks, her nails digging into his flesh as she tried to force him deeper into herself. He resisted, pressing in as he wanted, very, very conscious of how tight she was. She grimaced while groaning as she felt him spreading her, never imagining what this could be like, so thankful he was the first and wanting it to last forever. Tenderly he kept pressing, knowing he couldn't last forever but wanting it to do exactly that. At last her tightness took all he had. He put his hands on her cheeks and kissed her as he pulled carefully out partway, then back in to her enticing moan. Now he began thrusting faster, suddenly wondering what he would do very soon as he wouldn't last much longer. It was so warm, so slippery and holding him in its passionate grasp that there was no way he could pull clear out as he felt his muscles tightening, her sensing it as well as she lifted her hips into him and he began pulsing, not thinking about anything but passion, peace and a moment he had been dreaming about.
He collapsed on top of her, then rolled to the side. No thoughts of windows or binoculars, just thoughts of her, laying there beside him. She put her head on his shoulder and clawed at his chest with her fingers. She didn't know what to say so she said the first thing that came into her mind. "Love you too." She sat up and looked at his drooping penis. Smiling, she bent down and took it in her mouth again. This time she used her tongue, sliding it along the bottom as she moved it in and out. In the glow of the hallway light he could see her looking at him but he couldn't keep his eyes open as he lay back and gave in to the sensations racing through his body. He heard her giggle and say, "It's getting bigger," as she relentlessly slid up and down on its length. He was straining to hold back again, wanting the feeling to go on and on, but it wasn't going to happen.
He gasped out, "I'm cuming," wondering what she would do. She took it deeper than she had either time and, as he shot out his streams of semen, she choked just a tiny bit, then knew she should swallow and she did, almost all of it, just having a little dribble slip out and down her chin. He had never felt like this before, not even in his dreams and fantasies. He wanted to give her more pleasure too and started to do it.
"Don't you dare," she said, standing up and taking his hand. She led him into the living room and pointed to the couch. He sat down and she sat next to him, cuddling against his chest. He fondled her breasts and nipples to her almost purring sounds. It had happened. The two worlds had become one and the doing of that had made him the happiest man in the world, almost the exact same things that Melissa was thinking. They both had that prize that Andy had talked about and they both wanted, the one that not many have won.