First Time Swingers
Joe E Hartley
May 2021
Linda and Frank sat at the table in their favorite restaurant with a glass of wine in front of them. They had just ordered their meal and now toasted their nineteenth wedding anniversary. This was a second marriage for both of them. The first being more of a business partnership than an actual marriage. Sex had not been a part of either of their first marriages after the second year. They each had grown children from their previous marriages, but were estranged from everyone associated with their former lives.
Both Linda and Frank wanted more from life than just working away to pay the bills and waiting to die. They discovered each other twenty years ago and for the first time learned how to laugh. They also discovered the joy their bodies could provide as a toy when you had a playmate. They taught each other the joys of just wasting time also the stimulation of seeing each other's naked bodies.
The year of dating broke down a lot of barriers and they decided to take the extreme risk of marrying for a second time. They explored the various aspects of sex that neither of them had even heard of before. They bought books, watched videos, and tried to duplicate what they read and saw, within reason of course. It was fun for the first several years, then they ran out of ideas and they both feared a repeat of their previous marriages where sex is forgotten and life is reduced to doing the necessary with no time for the fun.
Their seventh anniversary was a turning point for them. They sat down and had a long and honest conversation about their fears of where their marriage was headed and how if was starting to feel just like what they had tried to leave behind. After and day and a night of tearful talks they decided to take their lives back under their control and to step outside of their comfort zones. They had read and watched enough to know that there was more to sex than just the vanilla flavor they experienced.
The most they have ever done was about half a dozen different positions, erotic massages to include masturbating each other, and they enjoyed oral. They both felt that was as kinky as either of them would go.
They bought more books and videos and set out to try new things. After a week of reading and watching activities that neither Linda nor Frank thought they would ever do, they decided they had to pick one to try and if they didn't like it they would stop it and look for something else. They decided to try spanking each other with the promise not to spank too hard and only with an open hand.
Linda asked Frank to spank her first since she was the woman and most of the videos they watched had the woman being spanked.
Linda slowly positioned herself over Frank's lap and he delivered a soft slap.
"I barely felt that," she commented, "You can spank me harder."
Frank delivered another slap on the other cheek a bit harder," like that?" he questioned.
"Harder," was her response.
This simple exploration set the stage for their foray into the vast world of sexual activities. Over the next several years spanking had become one of the fetishes they both enjoyed. Linda often found things she could do that would require her to be spanked. They developed a bit of role-playing as well. She was often the schoolgirl who forgot her homework, or the housewife who forgot to make dinner.
It was times like these where she often wore a short flared skirt and no panties when she confessed her indiscretions to Frank. Frank loved the feel of her naked bottom under his hand and would caress her soft warm flesh between slaps. She wiggled her butt under his hand encouraging his fingers to explore her recesses.
Frank also experienced being bent over and feeling the slap of her hand on his naked backside. They found an online adult store where they bought a flogger and found they both enjoyed the sting it provided. They also discovered a few more sexual positions.
Their new found kink kept them both happy and content for another several years until the sameness brought about another bout of boredom and with it a lack of sexual activity.
One day Linda brought up their complacency and reminded Frank of how they handled it the last time. Again there was the hopelessness and the fear that they were doomed to repeat the life they had been trained to accept since early childhood. It didn't take an all day/all night tear-fest this time. Frank remembered a video he'd seen when they discovered spanking. It was about a female dominatrix dressed in revealing leather.
Linda liked the idea of her taking total control, so within a couple of weeks a package arrived in a plain brown wrapper containing her new outfit. It was a corset the left her breasts exposed, black fishnet hose that attached to the bottom of the corset, and a mask. She had also bought a pair of black high-heeled shoes to complete the outfit. She tried on the new costume and grabbed the flogger.
Their new games kept them occupied for a couple more years until they needed more. That is when the bondage started. First Frank wore handcuffs and a mask while on his knees servicing Linda. That expanded to Linda being tied and fondled while blindfolded. They pushed their limits and learned the use of a safe word.
They had a good run of keeping sex exciting and fun, but now it was their nineteenth wedding anniversary and it was time to find something new. They sat across from each other each holding a glass of wine and knowing that some new sexual kink was close to becoming part of their lives.
"Happy anniversary sweetie," Linda said to man with the silver hair seated across from her.
"Happy anniversary honey," Frank responded. "I know we've been slowing down on our play time recently and I think it's time to talk about adding something new to our toy box."
"I agree, but I thought we would talk about it at home later tonight,"
"Why wait?" Frank questioned with a gleam in his eye.
"You've got something in mind, don't you? Does it involve us being out in public?" she asked suddenly becoming excited.
"I do and it's something we talked about before, and found intriguing. We weren't ready for it then and it was a bit scary. Now, we might be ready if we ease into it slowly." Frank explained.
In a hushed voice Linda asked, "are you talking about the video we saw where couples swapped partners?"
Frank flashed a smile indicating a level of arousal, "Yes, but I don't think we're ready for that just yet, but we could build up to it."
Linda felt her face start to color as she considered this taboo activity, "how would we build up to being with other people?"
"I was thinking we could start by flirting with others and you could start wearing clothes that are a bit more revealing." Frank shared. It was obvious that he had given this a lot of thought.
Just then the waiter brought out their food and Linda found herself getting more aroused thinking that the waiter had overheard their conversation about having sex with other people.
The topic was dropped and they enjoyed their dinner. They both commented about how their lives had changed for the better since they met. They might not live in a large expensive house or have the most expensive car on the block or for that matter live in the most exclusive neighborhood, but they were happy and they interacted with several of their neighbors. They both agreed that the last nineteen years had been the happiest of their lives and looked forward to the next nineteen, or how many years they had left.
Over the next several days the idea of finding another couple became a topic of conversation a few times. Neither knew how to find suitable partners, but they were enjoying the game they invented of considering what sex would be like with people they either knew or saw while shopping. They watched several videos of the swinging lifestyle and Linda stopped wearing a bra. She was lucky in that she was not overly top heavy and going braless was actually more comfortable for her. Frank liked the new look and took notice whenever he saw other men checking her out. He also pointed out the fact to her when someone had noticed her braless state. Her nipples often hardened whenever Frank informed her of another man checking her out. She sometimes turned to give the stranger a better view.
One of their neighbors decided to throw a birthday party for her husband. He just turned 75 and had complained that they rarely had anyone over anymore. His wife invited Frank and Linda plus another couple they had known for years. They decided not to invite any of their family since that party had already taken place at their daughter's house on his actual birthday.
Linda and Frank knew Tom and Carol from the time they had moved in nineteen years ago and often exchanged cookies and cakes at holidays. They were neighbors and helped each other out when needed, but had never been close friends. Linda thought Tom was cute and he was one of the fantasy men she talked about having sex with. Frank likewise imagined Carol naked. Neither Tom nor Carol seemed interested in talking about sex. The two couples never even hugged each other.
Frank asked Linda if she wanted to push the envelope a bit and actively flirt with Tom.
"I'm not sure," she hedged, "Tom and Carol are our neighbors and I wouldn't want to give Carol any reason to get mad at me."
"You have been going braless for almost a month now and Tom has checked you out more than once. I even noticed Carol going out of her way to talk with me and that never happened before." Frank observed.
"You think they might be interested in joining in our playtime?" Linda asked.
"I'm not ready to say one way or the other, but a bit a flirting could be fun." Frank said.
Linda decided to upgrade her wardrobe and headed out to the mall. She knew she enjoyed the braless look and wanted to try it with tops that were thinner so that her nipples would be more evident. She also wanted to try tops that were more see-through. She added a couple of very short skirts and two pair of very tight shorts to her purchases.
She arrived home excited to show off her new clothes to her husband. Frank loved her new look and asked, "Are you planning to wear the see-through top to Tom's party?"
"I'm not sure, but I do want to wear them out in public," she shared.
"Put on the green one and those shorts. We are going for a walk around the neighborhood," Frank directed.
Ten minutes later they were headed down the street arm in arm. Linda was visibly aroused walking in the neighborhood where she lived in front of several people she knew and interacted with regularly, but this time she was half naked. She knew this was crossing a line she could not walk back from. Once people she knew saw her exposed, they would never look at her in the same way ever again. She welcomed the change from the shy, demure woman she presented to the outside world to the wild woman she was learning to be since she met Frank.
They waved to several people either in their front yards or walking by. They knew several of them and enjoyed their reactions to Linda's new attire. They walked by Tom and Carol's house and as luck would have it Tom was in his front yard watering his hanging plants.
"Hi Tom," Linda yelled out with a wave. "Can't wait to come over to your party on Saturday."
Tom waved back and opened his mouth as if to say something, then closed it and just stood there staring. Linda and Frank didn't stop and just continued on their walk.
They heard Tom yell back, "Looking forward to seeing you there."
Frank and Linda laughed and just under her breath, Linda said, "Well, he noticed."
After their encounter with Tom, Linda could barely contain herself. Half a dozen neighbors she knew saw her virtually topless and she was more aroused than she had ever been. They rushed home and the passion that had been waning returned with a vengeance.
"I think this idea of trying to involve others is a great one. Just having other men stare at me is driving me up the wall. Tom was rendered speechless seeing my breasts. I'm getting wet all over gain just remembering showing off to him." Linda conceded.
"I agree; that was hot. Your idea to get revealing clothes is taking us to a new level." Frank agreed.
"You're not jealous, are you? Linda asked somewhat sheepishly.
"No way; it was hot and I can't wait to see you flirting with him on Saturday. I wonder if I can get Carol to flirt with me. Would that make you jealous?" Frank turned the question back on her. They both felt that open communication was key to this newfound freedom.
"What's fair for one is fair for both. Maybe they are willing to swap." She pondered.
"It's far too early to consider than, besides it might not be a good idea to find partners in our own neighborhood. You know what they say about dating someone you work with?"
"That's true. Wanna get online and pull up that site you found of swingers?" Carol agreed.
They spent the rest of the afternoon looking at profiles of couples wanting to swap. They considered creating a profile of their own, but decided to wait until they actually met someone and saw how far they were willing to go.
On Saturday Frank and Linda arrived at Tom's Birthday party right on time carrying a bottle of wine. Carol greeting them at the door and Frank gave her a warm hug. "Thanks for inviting us into your home," he said.
Linda likewise gave Carol a hug, "you have a lovely home."
"Thank you for coming over. We've known each other for almost 20 years and we have never had you over. Tom was right when he said we need to socialize more. Would you like a glass of wine?" Carol asked.
Tom met them in the living room and welcomed them into his home. His eyes were glued to Linda as Frank attempted to shake his hand. Linda was not wearing the see-though top she wore the other day, but it was one of the new thin ones. Her breasts were perfectly outlined, as were her nipples, which seemed to harden under Tom's gaze.
She stepped up to Tom and gave him a long and very close hug. It was not an overly erotic hug, but she did notice that he liked it.
"I thought you might wear that top you wore the other day on your walk." Tom offered.
"Did you like that? It's new and I admit a bit daring, but I thought I'd give it a try. I understand that all the young women wear tops like that. Does it make me look young?" She responded.
"Oh, most definitely," Tom answered.
Linda smiled at Tom and tilted her head to the side, then looked him straight in the eye. "I'm glad you think so."
Frank noticed that Linda was well on her way flirting with her neighbor, so he went in search of Carol. He heard his wife giggle as he walked back towards the kitchen.
Carol was in the process of getting a plate together of appetizers when Frank walked in. "Oh, those look delicious," he commented.
"Thank you," she replied, "I hope they taste as good as they look. I found this recipe on the Internet. We haven't entertained in quite a while and I forgot how to do it."
The doorbell rang and Carol turned towards the door, "That should be Sharon and Roger."
She opened the door revealing the new couple. Roger, a bit overweight and balding, stepped forward and embraced Carol, "It's been a long time since we got together," he commented, handing her the bottle of wine he'd brought.
Carol turned and introduced, "Roger, this is Frank. He and his wife Linda live just around the corner and we've known them since they moved into the neighborhood almost twenty years ago."
Frank and Roger shook hands and Carol hugged the woman still standing in the doorway. Sharon, like her husband, was slightly overweight, but unlike her husband had a full head of steel gray hair, cut short and stylish. She wore a pair of loose shorts and a loose fitting pink top; she was most noticeably bra-free.
Carol released Sharon and introduced her to Frank, "Sharon and Roger have been friends of ours for over forty years. Tom and Roger worked together and we often had weekend get-togethers."
Frank shook Sharon's hand and Carol directed them all out to the back yard fire pit.
Carol picked up the tray of snacks and lead them out to the back patio. The sounds of laughter, and the sight of Linda leaning in close to Tom with her hand on his arm greeted the newcomers.
Carol introduced Roger and Sharon to Linda who rose to shake hands with the new couple.
The three couples took their seats and enjoyed chatting about each other's interest over the next three hours. Linda's concerns that Carol might get angry with her, or be jealous of her were unfounded. Carol had commented on how much she liked Linda's new look and lamented on the fact that since she had larger breasts she found going braless to be very painful.
As the three couples prepared to leave they each hugged each other, but this time the sexual energy of the last several hours translated into longer and more intimate hugs. Linda enjoyed feeling both Tom's and Roger's hands caressing her ass. Frank likewise took liberties with the female bodies in his arms.
Frank and Linda arrived back home and immediately stripped off their clothes. They engaged in a role-play where Linda pretended that her husband was actually the man she'd just flirted with in front of his wife, and Frank pretended that his wife was the busty Carol.
They had never pretended to be people they actual knew before and found it not as exciting as they had hoped; they soon resorted to the maid who forgot to dust and the meticulous home owner. The punishment, as often was the case, resulted in a spanking on Linda's bare bottom. They ended their play in the 69 position.
They both agreed that the flirting was a lot of fun and the hugs at the end got them in the mood. They each wanted to go further, but agreed that doing so with people who lived so close might create problems later on, if they decided not to see each other again. Flirting and bit of groping however would be fun.
They opened the website Frank had found on the Internet advertising people who were open to swinging. They found several people they thought were attractive, but then stopped.
"Remember when we were dating and went out with the most attractive people and actually ended up married to them? How did that turn out? I think we need to look a bit deeper and make sure we find more to them than just looks." Linda shared.
They took another look at the couples they had earmarked and eliminated two of them. That left them with five couples to choose from. They agreed to only contact one at a time and chose one couple that looked to be middle class and middle age. They formulated a message after deciding not to send a phone on a public forum.
They wanted to be honest but not to reveal too much of their location or identity. They decided to say they had never done this before and were curious. They said they were both in their late 60s and a simple description consisting on her: five foot six inches 160 pounds. Him: five foot eleven inches 200 pounds.
They were surprised to get a response within an hour from the couple they contacted. They read the response with interest. It appeared I their email and included more pictures and descriptions of the couple including their interest. One of interest listed sparked Linda and Frank's curiosity. Neither knew what "water sports" were. Was like water skiing? Neither Frank nor Linda were in shape for anything so athletic. Frank was the one who decided to look up the term, thinking it might be a sexual term. He did a Google search and both Linda and he decided that this couple was to be rejected.
They continued their search and made sure they read each profile carefully and looked up any term they did not understand. BDSM was deemed not acceptable, as was humiliation. Rubber and leather were too specialized. Were there no couples who just wanted straight sex with another couple?
They found a couple who appeared to fit their criteria and sent them the same message they sent before. This time there was no immediate response and Frank and Linda took that as a good sign. Possibly their lives were more diverse than just sex.
Two days later they received an email that asked them why they wanted to swing and what other interests they had.
Over the next several weeks Frank and Linda discovered the new couple had many more interest than just sex. Ron and Pat loved to travel and see this great nation once every year. Pat also had a garden and Ron made wooden toys for the poor children. They both enjoyed the theater and were avid readers.
Linda asked Pat what sexual kinks they enjoyed and received the answer that convinced her that this was the right couple for them. Pat responded that unfortunately they did not enjoy anything that would be considered kinky; they were just into vanilla sex. She did admit that sex with others could be considered kinky, but they did not like bondage, or pain. They actually found it exciting to date another couple every once in awhile.
They exchanged photos of each other both clothed and unclothed. They each found the other attractive and chatted a bit about their sexual experiences.
They agreed to meet and located a hotel about half way between them. They lived far enough apart that this would have to be an overnight stay. Frank got direction from the Internet and made a reservation. The hotel was about fifty miles away and centered in the midst of a touristy rural town. It had a couple of what appeared to be nice restaurants and several craft stores.
Frank and Linda checked in to the hotel at 3 PM and went to their room. They told the clerk at the desk they would be meeting friends here and asked if Ron and Pat had checked in yet. When the desk clerk informed them that their friends had not arrived they left a note for them asking them to call at 5 PM.
Frank and Linda dropped off their bags and set out to stroll around the small town. There were plenty of craft stores around and several antique stories. Linda loved looking at the old items, but never bought anything. They checked out the menus at the two restaurants, seeing that both were reasonable priced. One seemed to focus on country food; sometimes called comfort food, such as meatloaf, pork chops, pasta, etc. and the other had steaks, seafood and other more formal dishes.
They returned to their room just after 4 PM and decided to take a shower and relax for a bit. They received a phone call in their room at 5 PM from Ron and Pat. They decided to meet in the lobby at 5:30 and head out to dinner. Ron was pleased that Frank and Linda had checked out the restaurants and they decided that steaks would be too heavy of a meal for what they had planned. Ron and Pat had been here before and recommended the pasta with shrimp.
The four of them met in the lobby, exchanged hugs, with no extra groping and headed out towards the restaurant. Everything in this small town seemed to be within walking distance.
Frank and Linda were nervous and admitted that fact to the other couple. They decided to just take it slow and that if anyone decided not to go further that would be okay. With the lack of pressure they enjoyed the dinner and conversation. After a while the conversation shifted to how Ron and Pat first became interested in swinging.
Their story came close to mimicking Frank and Linda's. They had both been brought up in a sexually repressive household and when they got married they were surprised when the happily ever after part never happened. They went on a similar journey of sexual discovery that Frank and Linda had. They discovered swinging about five years ago and enjoyed the added stimulation another couple could provide. They had only met three other couples so far and only engaged in the swapping a few times.
Linda started to feel an attraction towards Ron and leaned closer to him. She found herself staring at him and smiling. Ron recognized the flirt; he moved his chair closer and started talking just to her. Pat gave Frank a look as if to ask if he wanted to get closer too and when his eyes said yes she touched his arm and leaned into him. To the casual observer there were two couples out on a double date but they weren't the same two couples who first sat down. These two couples did not show the dreamy eyes of a couple in love, but the difference wasn't obvious. The eyes here showed the desire of a couple in lust.
They paid the bill and left the restaurant. Once outside they again walked arm in arm with the partner they had arrived with. There were a few hushed voices, "You want to?" followed by a "yes, you?" and that was followed by a "yes".
The four of them returned to the lobby and decided to go to their respective rooms and if they agreed to do any more Frank and Linda would call, since Ron and Pat had already decided they were interested.
They all exchanged hugs and felt the tinge of anticipation. Frank felt his arousal building with his arms around Pat. He pulled back slightly allowing his hands to caress her sides just under her arms. She looking him in the eye with hungry eyes and raised her hands to his chest, but not to push him away. She discovered that his nipples were as hard and pointed as her own. She looked down at his peaks pressing against his shirt then looked at her own as she played with his, inviting him in a non-verbal way to reciprocate.
The public foreplay lasted only a minute and when Frank pulled back breathing harder than before he noticed that Linda's closed eyes and Ron's hands on her breasts. The reality of where they were caused Ron to stop and Linda's eyes to open and look around. The two couples, red faced, went to their rooms without another word.
Linda and Frank entered their hotel room quivering. "What do you think?" Linda asked.
"I want to do it, what do you think?" Frank responded, "I can't believe how turned on I am, and based on what I saw of you and Ron, you are too."
"I feel like a high school girl on a date with the hottest guy I school, hoping he'll try to get to second base; oh wait, he already did," Linda giggled.
"Should I call them?"
"I think so. If we back out now, we'll regret it and maybe never get another chance to see if we like this. I'm so excited and scared right now. I want to do it, but it is a big risk to our marriage." Linda confided.
"It's your call. We can walk away right now and chalk it up to an idea that we're just not ready for yet and go home if you want." Frank acknowledged.
"Call them," Carol blurted out.
"You sure?"
"Yes, now before I have too much time to think about it," she admitted.
Frank picked up the hotel phone and dialed Ron and Pat's room number.
Ron picked up the phone after the first ring. "I hope you're calling to say you want to do this."
Frank heard the anticipation in Ron's voice and knew that it matched his own, "Yes, how do we handle this?"
"How about if you come on over to our room, Pat will be here waiting for you and I'll head over to your room to spend some quality time with Linda. We could decide to spend the night or return to our own rooms after a couple hours." Ron suggested.
"I wouldn't want to rush either of us, but if it's not everything we expect, we might need an out." Frank confessed.
"I can tell you are still uncertain about this, but want to test the waters anyway. How about if it's not working go down to the bar and wait for a couple hours before calling," Ron offered.
"That sounds reasonable and I hope it doesn't come to that. We should call after a couple hours anyway to check it we want to end it or spend the night." Frank replied.
They hung up the phone and Frank relayed the conversation to Linda, who responded, "There is another option that you didn't discuss. What if we decide to all four of us getting together in the same room?"
"It is and that also sounds exciting." Frank replied as he kissed Linda and walked out the door.
As soon as Frank left the room, Linda stripped off her remaining clothes and put o the negligee she had brought. It was ultra-thin and open in front with one tie just below her breasts. It included a pair of sheer panties that were barely there.
She admired herself in the full-length mirror and then poured two glasses of wine while she waited for Ron to knock on the door.
~~~~~~~~~~
Frank stood in front of the hotel room door that he knew would change his life as he knew it. He took a deep breath then knocked on the door.
The door opened reveling Pat wearing next to nothing. The bra she wore did not cover her breasts, but instead pushed them up as if presenting her bosom to the world. She also wore a garter belt holding up a pair of sheer black nylons. She was not wearing panties; her pubic hair had been trimmed to nothing more that a small heart shape.
"Wow!" was all Frank could say.
"I take it, you like?" Pat responded to the open mouthed Frank standing in the doorway, "Well, don't just stand there come on in."
Frank followed the scantily clad woman into the room and closed the door behind him.
"I remember my first time swinging and I was really nervous and had no idea what to expect. Just relax; there is no pressure. Whatever happens we still had a very good time together. Would you like a glass of wine?" Pat offered.
Frank took the offered wine and took a sip before commenting, "You look gorgeous."
"Thank you, you're not too bad yourself." She set down her wine and stepped closer to the fully clothed man in front of her. She reached up to play with his nipples as she had before, "I love playing with man nipples, especially when they are as responsive as your are. Can I talk you into taking off your shit?"
Frank had always known his nipples were sensitive, but had never had them involved sex play until Pat. He set down his wine, removed his shirt, and took hold of the sensual breasts presented to him. They played with each other's nipples until both were breathing hard. Pat lowered her hands and started to suck on Frank's hardened nipples while searching with her hand for his belt buckle.
Frank stepped back, removed the remainder of his clothes, then stepped back to Pat's nipples and started to lick one while pinching the other.
~~~~~~~~~~
Linda heard a knock at the door and her heartbeat increased. She opened the door and posed for the handsome man standing in the hallway.
"Don't you look delectable?" he commented.
Linda blushed and felt the moisture forming between her legs. Ron stepped into the room and took her in his arms. He squeezed her butt and pulled her pelvis into his. He directed the slow dance towards the bed and once the back of her knees touched the bed, he released her to fall back onto the cushioned surface. Ron then took a step back and began a slow strip tease for her benefit.
Linda raised herself up to watch the slow unveiling of the sexy man in front of her. She watched as his hairy chest and broad shoulders came into view. She traced with her eyes, the thin line of hair down his stomach and abdomen pointing to the treasure covered by his pants. Her breathing increased as the belt was undone and the button released on his slacks. The slow downward journey of his zipper was taking far too long for her. She was ready to jump up and help it along when his colorful boxer shorts were revealed and his pants formed a pool around his ankles. He paused to remove his shoes and pants to prevent him from tripping.
Linda watched the tent form in those boxers and wanted to rip them down with her teeth.
Ron slipped his thumbs under the waistband of his boxers and pulled the fabric apart hinting at what lay under.
Linda could take no more teasing and leapt off the bed and onto her knees in front of the hidden flesh. She jerked down the offending cloth and took Ron's manhood into her mouth
~~~~~~~~~~
Pat melted under the attentions of Frank's mouth on her nipples and spun him around then with a well-timed push he lay face up on the bed. She climbed on top of him rubbing her nylon covered legs across his torso and then adjusting herself to caress his cock with her feet.
Frank had never felt the smoothness of nylon covered feet on his cock and decided that he liked a foot job over a hand job.
Pat determined that she had Frank at her mercy and before he lost all control, she needed something from him. She climbed on top of the prone man before her and straddled him. She allowed him to sink deep inside of her and held him for a moment as he adjusted to the lack of stimulation.
~~~~~~~~~~
Ron lifted Linda from her knees knowing that if he didn't he would end the night early. He untied the tie holding her top together and removed it. Flinging it over his shoulder he addressed the panties she wore and soon they also were on the floor.
Gently positioning her back onto the bed he sank his cock into the sweet channel between her legs.
~~~~~~~~~~
The two couples enjoyed each other's bodies both in orgasmic pleasures and the soft cuddling of the afterglow.
Ron was the first to rouse after the intoxication of being with a new person. "Are you still awake?" he asked the still naked woman cuddling in his arms.
"Yes, that was wonderful," she answered.
"Should we call my wife and your husband?" He asked, "It's been a few hours."
"Okay," she acknowledged just as the phone rang.
"Hello," Linda answered and after a pause added, "Yeah, why don't you to come over here?"
She hung up the phone and turned to Ron. "They also had a wonderful time and thought the four of us could spend the night together, cuddling.