Chapter 02: The Club
Janice was going out of town again on business. She hated to leave me. For some reason she was super insecure. So I gave her a little assignment. I asked he to write down three sexual things she wanted to try but never had. I told her I'd do the same and we'd compare see about fulfilling all of them.
When her email arrived, I was amazed to see our first two fantasies were identical, more or less.
Janice listed watching another couple have sex, not on a video screen but live in person, and not necessarily heterosexual. Number two, she wanted others to watch us have sex. She wanted men stroking off while they watched us, women strumming their clits, a chorus of moans while they watched me fuck her good and hard. And lastly, disarmingly, she wanted everyone to know she belonged to me. She knew our relationship had to be a secret, she being my boss, but she was tired of having to hide it from the world.
I had an idea how we could make those top two happen, and maybe her number three as well, in a way, all in one fell swoop.
I suggested it to Janice one morning in her office while we were waiting for a conference call. She looked great in a skirt suit I'd picked out for her, no stockings, and only a black g-string teddy underneath. "A sex club?" she asked, raising an eyebrow.
"Uh huh." I said, "We could go, watch other people fuck, let them watch us, and they'll all know you're mine."
Her reaction surprised me. "Perfect," she said. I told her I'd found a place on the web, sort of a mix between a sex club and dance club. I showed her the web page while the conf call got underway and she nodded, smiling, saying into the speaker phone, "Oh yes, we're very excited to have your business. I hope we can iron out the details today." Then she covered the phone mic and whispered in my ear, "I'm already wet thinking about it."
I'd never been to a club, but she had, with her old master, whom we'd started referring to as the jerk. So she said she had a outfit, but I'd need to get one. "You can't go in street clothes, Sir," she said, "even though you're hot."
She took me to a place downtown, and we picked out a pair of leather boots and leather slacks for me. "That's all you need," she said. The slacks and boots fit perfectly, hugging my ass and thighs. I had no shirt, which Janice said was exactly right. She smiled when she saw me. I could see it in her eyes even before she said it. "Oh my god...Sir, you look amazing."
I have to say I felt a kind of power. I was wearing the uniform. I was a Dom. It felt good.
We went back to her place to get ready for our night at the sex club. Janice went in to change and came out of her room completely covered from neck to stilletto boots in a trenchcoat. I asked to see her outfit, but she demurred. She said, "I'd like to surprise you, Sir."
"Alright, girl," I said.
We didn't say anything on the way to the club. I think we were both very nervous. We parked and had to walk a few blocks, but in our long coats we might have been headed anywhere.
The doorway was unmarked, in a dark alley. I led Janice inside.
Beyond the door was a short black corridor. A big guy sat on a stool next to a door. As we approached, he asked for ID and for our coats. I handed him mine, and then turned to watch as Janice slid hers off her shoulders.
She was topless, her incredible tits proud and firm and capped with rock hard nipples. A pair of leather panties plunged in the front and left the lower half of her ass uncovered in the back, leaving little to the imagination.
But what surprised me was the studded collar around her neck, and the short, silver leash hanging down between her tits. She smiled and handed me the leash. "No matter what happens there, everyone will know I belong to you, Master."
I was churning inside, partly because she was incredibly sexy, but mostly because, unbelievably, she was mine.
The doorman nodded his approval, devouring Janice with his eyes as we walked past. At the end of the short hall was another door, and acid music pounded on the other side. I led the nearly naked Janice through by the leash.
Inside, it was dark. There was a small dance floor lit by swirling spotlights and flecks of silver light reflected from a disco ball overhead. Around it were tables occupied by other couples, sitting and talking, making out, giving handjobs. There was a mix of orientations, male/female, male/male, and female/female. Many of them were middle aged couples. Janice was by far the most beautiful woman in the room.
We sat down. I tried to act relaxed while looking at Janice, sitting on the edge of her seat, the chain from her collar linking us. Her eyes roamed the room, excited to be there, watching what some of the other couples were doing. My cock was aching hard, obvious in the leather slacks. The music was fierce and driving.
Janice moved close to my ear and said, "I want to dance for you." She stood in front of me and began to move to the music, her hips swaying and grinding, her eyes on me. The leash danged down between her tits, brushing across her taut nipples as she danced.
Her dance became more and more erotic, and she watched me watching her. I was in good company, as everyone in the room was watching her as well. The difference was, I was the one she called Master. The thought gave me a shiver and made my cock twitch as I watched her run her hands down her flat belly and down between her legs.
Janice squeezed her tits, pulling on the nipples, swivelling her hips. The spotlights stopped circling and focused on her. She bent at the waist, away from me, her hands running over her mostly bare ass, and then swatting it, the smack loud above the music.
Then she turned and took my hands, pulling me out of the chair and onto the floor with her.
I started to dance with her, but she put the leash in my hand once again and slid down to her knees in front of me. She tugged down the leather slacks until my cock was exposed, hard and slick with precum. Without a word and with the spotlight on both of us, she took it in her mouth and started to suck, sliding her mouth up and down with the rhythm of the music. Her hands went behind me to my ass and thighs as she sucked my cock, caressing me, her head bobbing up and down the length of my shaft. The lights were hot and we were both shining with sweat. Around us, I could see the shadows of those watching us, Janice sucking and me holding the leash in my hand.
I was about to blow when I pulled out of her mouth. As much as I wanted to watch her swallow my load, I wanted to fuck her even more, right there in front of the small crowd.
I moved behind her and pulled her to her feet and pulled down the leather panties, dark and slick with her wetness. I pulled back on the leash as I pushed my dick into her, and she groaned and shook as I started to fuck her hard and fast, our bodies colliding in time with the music that filled the air.
Couples started to move in closer as I fucked her. Lesbians, gay, straight, fingers in pussies, hands on cocks, gasping and moaning in a chorus around us as I fucked Janice fiercely, yanking on the leash. Her body was rigid, trembling, and her cunt was slick and tight, her thighs shining with her wetness.
She suddenly cried out, "Master I'm cumming!"
And she did, exploding with spasms that racked her body. I pulled her body up against me as I gave two more hard thrusts and came inside her tight pussy, growling, my arms around her belly and neck as my cock sent shocks of cum deep into her.
I held her like that, her body bare and my dick inside her. She turned and buried her face in my neck, trembling, panting, in the center of the dance floor that had dissolved into an orgy.
Right in front of us, a young lesbian couple was absorbed in a rough strap-on fuck. The older one stood behind, her huge, gelatious breast mass supported by a corset. From the waist down, she was bare except for the strap-on. Her hair was long and straight. She had a handful of the younger woman's hair, yanking it hard, pulling her head back. The younger woman was bent forward, one leg up on a chair, the other on the floor, her hands gripping the edges of one of the tables as she panted and groaned with each thrust of the thick dildo. I watched as the young woman screeched and thrashed, cumming wildly as the woman behind her snarled and spanked her as she pumped away relentlessly.
Behind them, at another table, a grey haired man reclined in a chair, his cock jutting upwards as a woman his age sucked his cock, her head bobbing as she cradled and caressed his large balls.
Janice was watching another couple, though, to the side of us. Like the lesbians, they were doing it doggy style, but he was fucking her ass. She moaned and squirmed, and I wasn't completely sure it was out of pleasure or pain, or both.
Janice stared, and when the woman with the cock in her ass caught Janice's eye, she gave Janice a sexy smile.
My dick was getting hard again. With all the sex going on around us, and Janice's sexy body mine for the taking, how could it not? But Janice moved forward and my rapidly hardening cock flopped out of her swollen pussy. "Do me like that, master. Fuck my ass," she said, looking at me.
I didn't waste time arguing. She bent over again in front of me. Her pussy looked incredible, puffy and wet, but she reached both hands back and spread her ass cheeks.
I realized the reason anal hadn't been on her list was probably because she had done it before.
I rubbed my dick against her wet pussy to lubricate it, and then pressed the tip against her asshole. I could feel her trying to relax it as I worked the head of my cock inside. I took it slow, letting her push backwards onto me bit by bit, letting her set the pace. Eventually we got my dick all the way in her little ass. She held her ass cheeks wide open as I started to slide in and out, gently at first, slowly.
"Oh god, yes," she said, moaning softly. "Fuck this ass, master. Fuck your little slut in the ass."
I did, slowly at first, then faster. It was a tight fit, and felt incredible. She met each thrust with a backwards push, and soon our bodies were slapping together. She groaned and gasped. I put my hand on the back of her neck, holding her down as I fucked her ass deep and hard.
Her cries started to cycle higher, and she asked "Master can I cum?"
"What are you?"
"I'm a slut, master! I'm a fucking slut!"
"Beg. Let me hear you beg, slut!"
"Please master! Please can I cum! Fuck my slut ass and make me cum master oh please, please fuck my ass!"
"Not yet. Tell me who you belong to."
"I'm yours, master! I'm yours! I'll do anything Master, I'm your fuckslut please let me cum I can't hold it please!"
I said, "Cum now slut girl!"
And she did. Her nails dug into her ass cheeks and she wailed and shuddered as I pounded away at her ass, not slowing my tempo. It takes me a long time the second time around, and I kept banging away at her ass. Soon she was squirming again and moaning, meeting my thrusts. "Oh god, I'm going to cum again, Master! Can I cum please oh please master!"
"Not yet, slut!"
I fucked her as she held her ass cheeks wide open, crying out and begging. Until I told her to cum. She did, again, wailing and shuddering, her fingers leaving red welts in her ass cheeks. God she was so fucking hot.
"I'm going to cum, slut girl. You get to pick, where do you want it?"
"On my tits master," she moaned. "I want you to cum on your slut's tits."
I pulled out and she turned, kneeling in front of me. She grabbed it and started stroking it hard and fast, massaging my balls as I exploded, sending loops of white cum across her body. My load hit her chest and she moaned, panting as I came in her hand, on her chest, on her belly.
She milked my cock, smearing the tip across her tits, and I couldn't help another groan of pleasure. She rubbed her hands through it, smearing it over her skin. "I want to reek of you, Master. I want your scent on me. I'm yours. I'm yours."
I collapsed then, pulling her onto my lap. I told her what a good girl she was, how good she'd made me feel. I told her I'd always take care of her, she'd always be my girl, that no one had ever made me feel the way she did. And I meant every word.