Alex left the bedroom in mental disarray, his mind reeling.
"Uh oh, did I get you in trouble?"
"No. He's just spooked about the gay stuff. He'll get over it." Danielle spread her legs unashamedly so that Herman could finish. He used his hot breath to blow away any loose hairs, but it also got his face right up against Danielle's delectable jewel box.
Herman always seemed to have a way of making his advances appear harmless. He was once a shy introvert, albeit one with a strong sexual urges, and even though he had blossomed, with a job, money, and self-confidence, his urges remained, except now he had access to porn stars. In the past week alone he swallowed a trio of trophy dicks that any gay man would kill for, those of William, Dan, and now Marty. And he was at least partially bisexual, because he loved and lusted after Jane, and he was now in the presence of a woman who was the sluttiest, sexiest beast he had ever seen, and his face was right by her pussy. He wanted to fuck Danielle real bad.
"I can shave around the edges, if you want me to," Herman said, "but I don't want to do it when I'm like this," and he stood up to show her that he was erect.
"I was warned about you," she said. She scratched and rubbed what remained of her pubic hair. "Maybe I should shave it all off?"
Herman shook his head. "You got a nice, blonde bush. I'd keep it."
"How did you learn to do this? Are you training to be a hair stylist?"
"No, I dress women...or one woman. I dress Jane. I'm her stylist."
"I could use a stylist," she mused.
"My services aren't cheap," Herman said.
"Alex has money."
"He's creepy, but I like the way his cock bends." Herman took a step closer. "My cock doesn't bend."
Danielle touched it and ran her fingers along his hard shaft. Herman shuddered. "I thought you were gay?"
"I am, but I like girls with a trim bush."
"Herman you're silly. But I might as well pay you," and she inserted his taut, firm cock into her mouth.
****
Pete had left the set with unfinished business, unable to ejaculate during the circle jerk. Lisa offered to finish him off once they were inside. She rubbed his balls and gently squeezed the tip of his penis, finally giving it a wiggle. "Wanna do it?"
He suggested they hold off. "You know Tim, right?"
"The one with the domme?"
"Yeah, him. He wants to bang you."
Lisa smiled, "He does? Why didn't he ask me himself?"
"Because he respects me, and we're business partners."
"Partners in what, this?"
"Yeah, he's part owner of Donkey. And he's fucking loaded."
"So you're saying I should do him?"
"What I'm saying...and baby, I've always been totally honest with you; what I'm saying is that I wanna try out that blonde bimbo, Danielle. It doesn't mean I love her; I just wanna fuck her one time."
"So you're swapping me?"
"When you say it like that, I mean, Jesus Christ, it sounds a lot worse than it is. And you know me; I'll make it up to you. But you're a free woman; you don't have to fuck him if you don't want to."
"Who says I don't want to? How much did you say he's worth?"
"Ten mil, at least."
When Pete went out into the corridor and saw Alex and Sunny talking, he logically assumed that they had hooked up, in part because she wore a short robe that was partly open and was carrying a half-filled bottle of wine. And with Alex occupied thusly, his girlfriend was fair game. "Where's Danielle," Pete asked? Still distracted by his inner demons, Alex absently pointed to the bedroom door.
"Thanks buddy," Pete said. He wasn't much for knocking. The previous night he had walked in on Monica while she was banging Marty Montana. That was a little embarrassing, so he decided to knock this time. He waited for a second or two, and then walked in. He was mildly surprised when he saw two people in the throes of coitus literally bouncing up off the mattress, so wildly were they banging. The girl on the bottom was Danielle, and they guy on top, the one with a cute little ass, was...was...Herman?
"Herman! What the fuck!"
The valet turned. "Sorry," he grunted. "Too far gone...uh, uh..."
He leapt out from between Danielle's legs, and in and instant he had straddled her chest and was nestling his pulsating cock within the confines of her fleshy, mouth-watering hooters or, to use his words, "I wanna squirt on your boobies." One final grunt on his part, and a stream of love juice coated the inside of her bountiful mounds. Squirting done, Herman pounded his chest Marty Montana-style. "That's what I'm talking about," he shouted!"
Pete groaned and rolled his eyes. Losing to Marty last night carried no angst, but being beaten by Herman stung. And having to watch him unloading on Danielle's tits didn't make it any more palatable.
"Get lost, Herman. I got a film deal to discuss with Dani."
"But I still have to shave her." Before Pete could reply, Danielle spoke up. "You can shave me later, Herman."
"He's lying," the valet said. "He's got a boner. He just wants to fuck you."
"I've never met a man who didn't," she said, leaving Herman no room for rebuttal.
****
As stated, Alex had left the bedroom with a lot on his mind. How fortuitous that the first person he ran into was Sunny, who had gone downstairs for more wine.
"You look like you saw a ghost," she said. "Are you all right?"
"Yeah, I think so. My girlfriend just got her bush trimmed..."
Sunny laughed. "Oh, that must he Herman. He's a horny, little toad, but he's a fag, so don't worry. When he fucks a girl his heart isn't in it."
Alex shrugged his head. "I don't know what to think. This gay stuff isn't for me. He just tried to get me to fuck him."
"See, I told you he was queer. But that's okay," Sunny said. "It's not for everyone." She looked down at his penis. "I'm in the middle of some girly action, about as far away as you can get from homo shit. You wanna hang out and watch?"
"Sure," he said, smiling.
"You can watch, but we own your dick. You in?"
"Let's do it."
"Look what I found," Sunny announced to Jane, as Alex followed her into the room.
"My God, we we're just talking about this earlier. Good work, girl." Jane turned to Alex. "Let's get this over with. I gotta ask. What the fuck is up with your dick-head? It's tilted to the side," and she burst out laughing.
"You've had enough wine," said Sunny. "You're shut off. Ignore her, Alex, but really, what's the deal with that? She too began laughing, though not as heartily as Jane. "We've been talking about your cock all night."
"Really? I don't know why it tilts, but no girls have ever complained."
"I bet," Jane replied. "I bet it feels real good going in."
Alex brightened. "I can show you..."
"Too bad you're not bi," she replied. "You could be a porn star. Your cock's a keeper."
"That's okay, I don't need the job. Besides, that kinky shit's not for me."
"Bullshit," Sunny said. "Yanka got you off with her boot. "Don't tell me you're not a freak."
"What's the kinkiest thing you've ever done?"
"Jane, you're wasting time. Alex, lie down on the bed." He did as requested. Sunny sat on one side of him and Jane the other. The slightly drunk ladies stared at his cock like they were in a hypnotic trance, and each second saw it veer more to the side.
"Are you queer?"
"No," he replied. "Today was the first time ever...hey, didn't you say I could do you if I went gay?"
Sunny rubbed his chest as she looked at Jane. "He has a good memory."
"Girl, you might be in in for a good ride."
"Maybe I'll find out," teased Sunny, "if gay boy can get a hard-on."
"I'm not gay."
"Too bad," said Jane. "If you were, we'd fuck you like bunny rabbits in heat, then we could get another guy in here and play with our pussies while you fucked him."
"Why not just the three of us?"
"We don't fuck hereto boys. We like watching bone on bone. It turns us on." Both girls giggled.
"Alex, you're no fun," concluded Sunny. "But so it won't be a total loss, beat-off, and we'll watch."
"Thanks, but no thanks. I think I can to better." Alex prepared to leave, but they threw him back down on the bed and Jane stuck her knee on his throat.
"I don't think you heard us, mister. My friend here told you to jerk." It could have been worse, he figured. Pulling his meat in front of two hotties wasn't the worst thing in the world. Not after what he'd been through.
"The way it's tilted he's gonna stain the sheets," said Jane. "Sunny, use your glass." A good amount of his spunk was captured, emulsifying with the wine. Alex was handed the glass, and was given two choices. He could either swallow the contents or get a dildo rammed up his ass.
"The cock clamp too. We could clamp him and fuck him." Alex chose the semen cocktail.
****
Monica placed a tender kiss of the tip of Marty's recently ejaculated penis. She licked the dollop of semen that remained. "Your cum has a sweet taste to it."
"Vitamins. I take them by the handful."
"Sweet Marty Montana. I may not have to go on holiday now."
"What do you mean?"
"I was thinking about going to a tropical beach somewhere, renting some boy; you know, have a fling, but you've given me a month's worth of sex in two nights."
"Shit, I'll be your rent-boy, if you want. I could use a break myself. But you're gonna make me put-out though, aren't you?"
"Starting right now, stud man."
Monica moaned, and then moaned some more. Marty's tongue simply did not know when to quit. What a lover! If Pete could lick pussy like him she'd still be married. "That's what I'm talking about," she purred.
****
The two girls William had picked up the previous evening worked on a Dude Ranch. "You mean like a real Dude Ranch, with uh...Dudes," Monica asked?
William showed her a photo. "Horses," he said.
"My God!" Monica opened her mouth in astonishment.
"That's Sir Isaac. The girls called me Ike," William said, sheepishly, "after him."
Monica looked down at William's package. "You're pretty damn big, but you're no Ike."
"You know that and I know that, but they didn't. Anyway, at least I'm human."
Sir Isaac was a washed-up stallion that worked at the ranch, but he was unusual, if not fun, to look at, because he always had an erection, and his cock was so large that it was the first thing you noticed when you saw him. It must have been nearly a yard, thirty-six inches. The only reason it didn't drag along the ground was that it curved inward a little more than halfway down, and ran perpendicular to the ground for another fifteen inches or so. There was no cockhead, just one gigantic shaft, which was broken into three segments by thick veins.
The photo was taken from the side of the horse, and Monica's vivid imagination saw a woman in a short skirt kneeling down on the other side of Sir Isaac, looking at the cock. The reaction when she saw it had some value. And if the woman was kneeling, or crouching; it didn't matter, but if they could get an upskirt and a horse boner in the same frame...
William, Jane and Danielle were at the Dude Ranch early the next morning. Sir Isaac was brought out and they meandered down a path for a quarter mile or so until they came to a wide but secluded area off the main trail.
"I can't fucking believe it...bestiality," Jane muttered, out loud. "If this doesn't get me on the front page of every Japanese newspaper then nothing will."
"First time in my life I want to keep my clothes on," commented William. "That mother is huge."
Everything was positioned for the set-up. William was given the bridle and walked Sir Isaac to his spot. The hook was that William would end up comparing himself to the horse, setting the stage for a scene with Danielle. Jane was there solely for the upskirt.
The girls petted Sir Isaac. One of the camerawomen was prone on the ground, because a low angle was needed to get the shot they were looking for. The stallion was exactly as advertised, but his cock appeared slightly different in person. It jutted out at an angle and then went into a long, continuous curve. The segments made it resemble three separate cocks, and each one was William-sized, an erect William at that.
Jane and Danielle were standing on the far side of Sir Isaac, and their bare legs served as a backdrop for the ginormous horse bone. Once Monica was satisfied that they had filmed enough of Sir Isaac solo, Jane was cued to kneel. Herman had chosen a tight, clingy red dress that was clearly not from her retro collection.
"This isn't a breeze dress," he told her. "You need something for the crouch, and this one will open up all the way when you get down there."
"Let's go with white panties, you think?"
Herman smiled. "I already did." He opened his email and showed her Hideki's thumbs-up. "He and I are on the same page."
Jane was a little perturbed. "What the fuck is going on with that?"
"You're public property in Tokyo. He's calling the shots.
"You think he's have something better to do than worry about my underwear but, on the other hand, it is kind of romantic, when you think about it."
"They're building a webpage for your clothes. They asked me to photograph your panties and bras and send it to them."
"God, I love being exploited," she remarked.
In the end, it made little difference which dress Jane wore, because she was an expert in the art of flashing. "Remember to act shocked when you see Ike's dick."
"Yeah, Moni, like I need a reminder." But she opted for a coy smile, underplaying the emotion. As a so-called reformed slut, she didn't want to work it over the top. She'd leave that for Danielle.
Herman was right about the dress, it allowed for an excellent flash. One look at the camera crew and Monica knew they had nailed it. Jane could now stand back up, and when she did she smiled meekly at William.
"What's the matter," he asked? "You act like you've never seen a horse before."
"Not from that angle," she said, "her one and only line of dialogue."
Danielle took her turn. She had on a white peasant blouse that was tied at the waist, and a short yellow skirt. Her crotch was covered in red satin panties, and she too gave a good flash to the camera, although not nearly as subtle as Jane's. But she nailed the look of astonishment, which was a perfect counterpoint to Jane's subdued reaction. When she stood up she spread her arms apart to indicate its size.
William bent down to see what had titillated the ladies so. "That's nothing," he snorted, "Sir Isaac's got nothing on me." He now had the perfect excuse to drop his trousers. Danielle and Jane admired his penis while he stood with hands on hips, his pants down by his knees, and after twenty seconds or so; twenty glorious seconds, with William's penis expanding in small increments, much to the delight of his female onlookers. Then he stripped completely.
"What do you think," he asked, proudly?
Sir Isaac was led away, his work finished. Monica gave the girls a generous tip. "Buy him a mare," Jane said. "He earned it." Monica suddenly had a change of heart, and she called the girls back. The horse had one more task.
William stood with his arms folded across his chest, his penis ninety percent stiff, watching Sir Isaac as he was led past him. This time it was Jane holding the bridle, and she gave William a wry grin that suggested she knew what was going on, but only as an innocent dupe. William smiled back at her, and Monica had her takeaway. Was Jane smiling because she was admiring a boned-out William, taunting him with her hemline; smiling because she was leading a stallion that was packing the equivalent of three boned-out Williams, and she knew it, but could pretend that she didn't; or was she smiling at the hint of homo-bestiality between man and horse, or even woman and horse? It was very deep conceptually.
Monica wanted an image of William's hard-on in the same frame as the horse, for comparison purposes, so he crouched by Sir Isaac's side while the cameras got low to the ground for the money shot. That long-legged Jane was part of the mix was an added layer of arousal, especially for the Japanese market. Hideki would have his cake, and he could eat it too. His reformed slut of a wife kept her clothes on, and had refrained from sex. How was she to know that the horse had an erection the size of a Samurai sword? And it wasn't her fault that a muscular black Adonis with a big cock was standing there when she walked by with the horse.
The sex seemed almost anti-climatic, at least until William got going. It started out with an embrace, which, would hopefully lead to his growing erection brushing against her thigh. Danielle she did an impromptu strip tease, and William's cock went from angling downward to horizontal by the time she finished.
They used a nearby hitching post for a prop. Danielle braced her arms against it, and William banged her from behind. He was itching to use his signature move on her, so they went to a grassy area, his penis moist and glistening in the morning sun. Danielle got on all fours, and the Big Guy stood upright behind her. He slowly lowered himself, holding his erection in his hand, probing until he was just low enough to insert his penis into her vagina. The objective was to be able to stand as tall as possible when penetrating, which would sharpen the angle of insertion and intensify the sensation for the receiver. It was his 'guaranteed orgasm-inducer'. In and out he thrust, making loud slapping sounds as their bodies made contact. Daniele had her fleshy, succulent butt arched high, making a delightful target, and her head was on the ground, with face turned to the side, lost in ecstasy. When he was ready to ejaculate he stood over her backside and used two hands to propel his semen down towards her.
Japanese censorship laws allowed for Jane's upskirt to be shown in conjunction with Sir Isaac's cock, but the penis had to be blurred. When the video was marketed there was an image of Jane's face, blonde hair, red dress, white panties, and censored cock that was all the rage, but the blurring mosaic couldn't diminish its size, which made the whole censorship thing seem rather foolish. An uncensored version of the image found its way to Herman, who used it as wallpaper for his computer, and he told Jane he was sure Hideki had a copy of it filed away somewhere.
"You think he beats-off to it?"
"I do, why shouldn't he?"
For the purpose of creating an added feature for the DVD version, Monica filmed them as they walked back to the car park. William had no problem being naked, even though they were in a public spot, but business was slow on a weekday morning at a Palm Springs Dude Ranch, so no feathers were ruffled. Danielle got into the back seat, next to William. As she bent to climb into the car a sliver of her panties darted out tantalizingly from under her yellow skirt.
Jane got in the front passenger seat, because as a reformed slut she couldn't be seen sitting next to a naked Adonis who displayed his sexual prowess the way he had. But reformed sluts were allowed to have accidental-on-purpose panty-flashes, so she took advantage of the loophole, and her white-clad buttocks would soon be appearing on computer screens everywhere.
****
Marty went through a lengthy routine of flexes and poses. Whenever he paused, Herman would come over and towel off the sweat. Danielle, Sunny and Dan were all standing nearby, but it wouldn't be until the camera panned out that the viewer saw them.
"Look at him," Monica said, admiringly, to Jane.
"I know, what a fucking bone! And he's aiming it in Dani's direction...Jeez, that's a good sign. Maybe he's straight again."
"Wait, I was talking about Marty."
"I'm talking about Dan; I guess you got your stud and I got mine."
Marty stood with his hand clasped behind his head. They had the foresight to bring a paddle with them, and Dan was blistering Marty's behind with stinging whacks. Monica was interested in Marty's reaction, while Jane was interested in seeing the way Dan's cock danced through the air as he swung.
Dan got on a massage table, face up, and Marty massaged his arms, legs, neck, chest; every body part within his reach except one. Dan's cock got harder and harder with anticipation as Marty's strong hands kneaded Dan's flesh. By the time his erection peaked, it was twitching uncontrollably; it was massively hard, levitating an inch in the air over his belly. Pre-cum was oozing out.
Marty would have been honored to get Dan off, but the scene belonged to Danielle. "I think he's ready," he said to her. All she did was stare at it, which from Dan's perspective, was a major turn-on, but in reality she was looking for the most bulging vein his shaft had to offer, and she dug her nail into it. She kept it there for about ten seconds, increasing the pressure as she did, so by the end she was really grinding. Dan's groans got louder, and then he roared. His toes curled, his leg muscles tensed, his upper body rocked, his head swung wildly from side to side, and his mouth moved in an odd manner. And then the river did flow.
As soon as Danielle saw white stuff she removed her nail, and Dan's penis was left to ejaculate on its own. The force of the orgasm caused his cock to bounce up and down as it emitted fluid. At one point his cock was in an upward spiral when a large torrent of thick cream shot out two or three inches in the air before dissolving into spray.
"Look at that," Marty exclaimed." "He's like a whirlybird!" He turned to Danielle. "You got a magic nail."
"Either that," she replied, "or this is one lewd dude."
Marty was lying on the massage table, masturbating. Dan stood beside the table and watched, and his softening cock was threatening to steal Marty's thunder, at least for Jane, who saw a lion at rest, waiting for its next kill. Monica saw a stud that could have anyone he wanted, male or female, yet was happy to smoke his own meat. She was also interested in seeing the technique Marty used for self-servicing, for future reference.
Danielle undressed and joined the two men at the table. Marty looked up, saw Dan's rod and Danielle's boobs, and began to jerk harder. "Wow," he panted, "that's what I'm talking about."
Hopping up on to the table, Danielle allowed Marty to demonstrate his cunnilingus skill on her. Dan busied himself by playing with Marty's spent penis, which was drenched in semen, while his own cock engaged in a pendulum swing. The softening process had begun to reverse itself.
Dan fucked her like he was auditioning for a role. He held nothing in reserve, not that anyone wanted him to. Herman wasn't thrilled to watch Danielle, the woman after whom he lusted, being bonked by the best in the business. The table on which they were fucking didn't allow much room for movement, but Dan was content to fuck her missionary style. Danielle's legs were wrapped around his torso. When he was ready to cum he pulled out, but again, he didn't touch his cock, allowing it to spasm on its own. Four sperm bullets landed on her chest, and a steady trickle rolled down his shaft. Danielle reached for it once he was just about drained, and milked the remaining semen out of his pee-hole.
"You ready for another cum," Monica asked Marty? Before he could answer, she said, "save it."
"You should take Sunny with you to Fiji," Jane told Monica. "Give him a little dessert; that's how you'll keep from getting bored. Besides, you like Sunny, she likes Marty, and Marty likes you. It's a perfect triangle, and nobody gets hurt. And if you get tired of him you leave him with Sunny and go find an island boy."
"This is what I want you to do. Write a script starring Marty and William. Take your time; make it good. Call it Beefcake Brothers, whatever; it doesn't matter. It can be as homo or hetero as you want, no boundaries. I want them fucking and I want them fighting; friends and rivals."
"The Japs really like black dick," Jane said to her. "I got a feeling they'll like Marty Montana too."
THE END