Author's note:
As there had been requests to continue this series, please enjoy chapter 2! :)
----
The world is divided into different kingdoms. Chao Kingdom, Yin Yang Kingdom, Demon Kingdom and Qin Kingdom.
The Chao Kingdom boasted to the world about its military strength. With devastating cannons, accurate rifles and military tactics, even martial artists are afraid of their strength. Its military strength is at 3,500,000.
The Yin Yang Kingdom is all about balance, with its main purpose is to maintain balance in the world of good and evil. Its strength lies in martial artists of 500,000. Each marital artist is said to rival to 10 military soldiers.
The Demon Kingdom, as the name suggests, is an evil kingdom that practices demonic martial arts. Their strength is unknown and not much is known about them, other than everyone knows that their martial arts are evil. No one had seen what they look like, only the aftermath of their victims. They are capable of rendering anyone to do their bidding and destroying any ounce of pride and dignity, where the victims will be begging for death.
Finally, The Qin Kingdom, is known to the world as a reputable Kingdom with both powerful martial artists and strong military strength. Its reputation spreads worldwide that it was the strongest kingdom in the world.. until the news of their only Princess being beautiful but a horny pervert.. that being me.. The once reputable and respected Qin Kingdom became known to the world as the The Pervert Kingdom..
----
"You need to be punished as harshly as possible so that you can remember to obey the rules. Do you agree?"
"Yes Sir.. Yes Sir.. This slut agrees, Sir.. Please punish this slut.. Sir.."
"Good. Let's head back for now. We will punish you with something special later in the afternoon. For now, let's go back to the palace because we want to fuck you."
"Yes Sir."
----
Before crawling naked back to my palace, I encountered 2 batches of 2 soldiers along the way. I had to dance naked and orgasm for them. 2 more times.
By the time I crawled back to my palace, it was already 6am. My servants were all awake and stood at the main gates, awaiting for my arrival. "H-Hi everyone.. This slut is Princess Qin Hua.. And this slut is a sex slave.. Does anyone want to.. Fuck me..?" I greeted my servants and they cheered loudly for me..
"Woohoo!! Princess finally understands her position as our sex slave!!"
"It's a great historical moment!!"
"Of course we will fuck you, Princess!!"
"You will be surrounded with our cocks all the time!! Hahaha!!"
My servants pulled my hair and I was made to quickly crawl on all fours on the ground to prevent my hair from being torn apart! I was led to the palace chambers, the place where I used to live in before I became a slave.
"Start dancing, you slut." Ah Bao commanded me and I replied "Yes Sir" before I stood up and danced naked in front of everyone in the palace chambers before they took turns to have their way with me on the bed. The bed which was once only used for sleeping got turned into a bed only used for sex.
I fell asleep on the bed after reaching my limits. Despite being a martial artist myself, I couldn't last forever. After about 30 men had their way with me, I fainted.
----
"Wake up you bitch! How long are you going to remain sleeping?" Ah Bao said to me as I continued to sleep naked. "Fine, have it your way."
"AaaaaaAHHH!!" I screamed awake as my neck, nipples and pussy got activated and I got electrocuted.
I woke up naked on the bed with my hands and legs tied with ropes to the corners of the bed. There were 13 men around me, including my used-to-be-most-trusted servant, Ah Bao. "A good day to you, Princess. How long are you going to be sleeping? You have chores to do."
"W-What? What chores?" I asked. Ah Bao got on top of me and slapped my face. "Have you woken up already, or do I have to shock you again?"
"N-No Sir.. P-Please don't.. I am awake.. no, I mean.. this slut is awake.. Sir.."
"Oh really? So what are your chores?"
"Erm.."
"You stupid cunt! That's what I'm going to tell you! Hahaha!"
I laughed awkwardly with Ah Bao and the men that were my bodyguards. "Wash up and meet me in your throne room, slave."
"Y-Yes Sir!"
The 12 men, 8 of my bodyguards and 4 newcomers, all of them released me from my bondage. First, I had to get up on all fours on the bed as they made sure that 'my clothes' were in order. My collar, nipple clamps, stamp and wooden cock in my pussy.
"Alright! Let's go, Princess."
"Yes Sir." I replied and crawled naked out of bed and continued to crawl on all fours on the ground as they held my hair and spanked my butt.
When I crawled naked out of the palace chambers, the sun hit me and I realized I was completely naked in broad daylight! "Erm.. Sir.. Where are you taking this slut?" I turned around and asked the man holding onto my hair.
"Who gave you permission to speak and ask questions?! Do you want to be punished?!" They shouted at me and I got scared. "N-No Sir.. T-This slut is sorry.. Sir.."
As I continued to crawl naked in my palace, the men talked among themselves. "Hahaha I always wanted to shout back at this bitch of a Princess!"
"Yeah I know right! She's so demanding and horny all the time!"
"It's time to put her in her place!"
"Hahahahaha!!"
When I crawled to the pond, there were hundreds of men waiting for me. Men from respected and distinguished families, all waiting for me to wash myself in the pond. The Cao family, known for their military strength and tactics. The Liu family, known for their powerful martial arts, along with the famous 5 tigers, each 'tiger' could easily be matched up to a hundred men in combat. The Lee family, known for their speciality in medicine and healing. All of the men were smiling at me and my naked body as I greeted everyone with the upmost respect. "This slut greets everyone." I greeted everyone with a bow as I remained on all fours.
"Stand up and do it again, Princess. Let them have a good look at your body." Ah Bao said to me and I obeyed, "Yes Sir.."
I stood up and held my non-existing skirt as I bowed and greeted everyone, "This slut greets everyone."
"I, Cao Wu Ming, have long heard that Princess Qin is an absolute beauty but also a horny pervert. Today, I am very impressed! You are a real beauty, Princess."
"Thank you.. Sir.."
"I, Liu Bei, general of the first army of the Qin Kingdom, leader of the 5 tigers and an admirer of Princess Qin, greets Princess Qin Hua. You're very beautiful."
"Thank you Sir.."
"I, Lee song mong, the famous divine doctor known throughout the world, greets Princess Qin. I wish to have a feel of your breasts, later."
"T-Thank you.. Sir.."
The greetings and introductions went on and on forever, with everyone introducing themselves and complementing on my naked body as I stood in front of everyone totally exposed.
"The time is getting late, go ahead and wash yourself in the pond, slave." Ah Bao ordered and I obeyed.
First, Ah Bao personally removed the wooden cock in my pussy and Nipple clamps on my nipples. Everyone was like 'woah'.
Next, I walked naked into the pond and washed my body with the hundreds of men staring at me. The collar still around my neck. Each and every one of them had lustful eyes and smiles as I washed myself in front of them. I was getting more and more excited as I continued to wash my body.
After washing my breasts, I stood up in the pond, legs apart, and started to wash my pussy in front of everyone. It felt like a dream.. to be completely naked and exposed while I washed myself in the pond with hundreds of men staring at me.
"Alright, that's enough, slave. Get out and start playing with yourself." Ah Bao ordered.
"Yes Sir." I replied and got out of the pond. "Should this slut play with itself while standing or on the knees?"
"Standing. We don't want you to dirty yourself again after washing up, do we?"
"Yes Sir."
I played with my pussy and breasts as I stood naked in front of the men. I felt so excited and horny.. but before I orgasmed. I asked Ah Bao for permission.. "Sir? Can this slut have the permission to orgasm?"
"Go ahead. But only after you shout out your full name and title."
"Yes Sir! Thank you!! Sir!! Uhem.. I, Princess Qin Hua from the Qin Kingdom, am a total pervert and horny slut!! This slut is the Daughter of The King, Qin Ling, Little sister of the First Prince, Qin Xiong, Little sister of the Second Prince, Qin Lang, Little sister of the Third Prince, Qin Kai, and this slut is the most perverted in the entire Qin Kingdom. This slut wishes to be naked all the time in front of hundreds, thousands and millions of men!! Thank you all for listening, this slut will now orgasm!! Ah!! The heavens!! Fuck yes!! I'm coming!! AHH!!" I orgasmed hard and squirted wildly in front of the hundreds of men that were supposed to be my servants, subordinates and subjects..
'What a time to be alive!' I thought to myself before everyone clapped and cheered for me.
"Alright, time to go, this horny slut have to do its punishment for orgasming without permission yesterday. Not to worry. All of you will have a chance to fuck her later." Ah Bao said to everyone.
"H-Huh? I.. T-This slut thought this was the p-punishment.. Sir?" I asked.
"Of course not, you silly girl. How can the punishment be something you enjoy? Besides it's just washing up, hahaha, you're really a naive and silly girl. Follow me."
"Y-Yes Sir.."
----
After following Ah Bao on my 2 feet, he ordered 3 of my bodyguards to wipe my hair and body with towels as I stood naked in front of my palace throne room. As expected, they focused on wiping my breasts, pussy and butt first.. After wiping my body, they placed the nipple clamps on me and wooden cock back in my pussy.
"Alright, slave. Enter!" Ah Bao shouted and my bodyguards pushed my head down while stepping on the back of my knees. "Crawl in, Princess." They ordered. "Yes Sir." I replied and crawled naked on all fours into my throne room.
Ah Bao was sitting on my seat at the throne as I crawled naked towards him. "This is a present for you, Princess." Ah Bao removed my collar and attached a steel leash onto it before putting it back around my neck.
"I.. This slut thought the collar can never be removed.. Sir?"
"Stupid girl.. it can be removed. But only by my hands."
"O-Okay Sir.."
"Let me tell you about your punishment."
"Yes Sir." I replied and remained on all fours, completely naked as my bodyguards and servants lined up along the red carpet in front of me and maintained eye contact with my naked body.
"As it is a severe offense, you will be punished severely. I hope you understand this, Slave Princess."
"Y-Yes Sir.. This slut understands, Sir.."
"Good. Your punishment for orgasming without permission yesterday is split into 3 parts. First is greeting your family in the nude as a slave. I've already sent out invitations to your brothers and The King that you wish to speak with them!"
"W-What? H-How could you?!" I was furious and Ah Bao activated the collars, clamps and wooden cock as I screamed in both pain and pleasure.
My servants, bodyguards and Ah Bao, all of them laughed at me as I tugged at my collar while screaming, crying and pissing myself. "You should know better than to be rude and disrespectful towards me or any man on earth, slave. And did you just pee without asking for permission?"
"T-This slut is sorry.. Sir.."
"Well, no matter. I forgive you. Let's continue. So you will greet your family in the nude.. Make sure you always smile happily when in their presence and I want you to beg all of them to touch your horny body."
"Y-Yes Sir.."
"Good girl. It should be about time."
"THIRD PRINCE OF THE QIN KINGDOM, QIN KAI, IS ENTERING!!" The guards outside shouted and I looked down in shame as my 3rd brother walked in.
"Little Hua!! Oh my god! I heard what happened!! Are you okay?! LET GO OF HER, YOU FIEND!!"
"P-Please calm down, brother.. This s-slut is fine.. It's what I want.. It's what this slut wants.."
"Bullshit! You won't even look at me! Stop lying and say the truth!"
"It's the truth.. brother.." I looked up towards my third brother as I remained naked on all fours and smiled. "This slut wants this.. Sir.." I said with tears flowing down my face as I smiled.
"So the rumors are true? You've become a horny slut?"
"Yes Brother.."
"Sigh.. You're such a disappointment."
"W-Wait!"
"What the fuck do you want?"
"Erm.. I.. No.. This slut.. begs Brother to touch me.. Sir.."
"Like hell I would!!"
My third brother angrily stomped out while Ah Bao and my guards laughed. "Good! Good! This is what I call entertainment! It's so exciting!! You did a good job, slave!! Hahahaha!!"
"T-Thank you.. Sir.." I looked down and cried in shame as my guards laughed out loud.
One of my guards spanked my butt and I let out a loud moan while everyone laughed out loud. "Stop crying, you aren't fooling anyone. You're just a horny slut that likes to expose herself. Smile. Laugh. And be happy. Otherwise I will personally punish you myself!"
"Y-Yes Sir.. Ha.. Haha.. Hahaha.. Hahahahaha.."
"Yeah baby! Laugh out loud! Because you are a fucking joke!! Hahaha!!"
The spanking kept coming and I kept moaning and laughing with the men..
----
"SECOND PRINCE OF THE QIN KINGDOM, QIN LANG, IS ENTERING!!"
"Oh fuck.." I whispered to myself.
"Hey little sis! Wow! You look so good as usual! Maybe even more now that you're naked! Hahaha!"
"T-Thank you.. Brother.. Does Brother want to touch this slut?"
"Sure little sis! Hahahaha!" My second brother was always teasing and touching me since I could remember. Now that I became a slave, he could openly do whatever he wanted with me..
"Show me your face, little sis." He ordered as he lifted up my chin. I obeyed and looked up as I knelt on the ground with my leash held by Ah Bao.
Qin Lang, my second brother, knelt down on one knee and started to massage my breasts. "Your breasts are very huge and soft as always!!"
"T-Thank you.. Brother.."
"You're welcome, little sis! Ah Bao?"
"Yes my prince?" Ah Bao replied.
"The whole world should see how beautiful my little sister is, wouldn't you agree?"
"Yes my prince. It's already in the planning."
"Wonderful! Keep up the good work!"
"Thank you my prince!"
As they converse, I got my breasts massaged by my second brother in front of everyone as I tried my best not to moan but I ended up losing control of myself and orgasmed hard without permission.
"Woah! Calm yourself down, little sis! You really are such a horny little sis! Hahaha!!"
----
After my second brother left, Ah Bao asked, "Princess?"
I looked at him and replied, "Yes Sir?"
Ah Bao gave a hard slap to my face and I fell to the ground. "How dare you orgasm without permission again?! You embarrassed me, slave!!"
"T-This slut is sorry.. Sir.. This slut is sorry, Sir.. This slut is sorry, Sir!!" I apologized on my knees with bows. "This slut just can't help it.. It's this slut's brother.. and.." I got slapped again before I could finish.
"No one wants to hear your stupid excuses, slave!"
"This slut is sorry, Sir.."
"Qin Hua?" I heard a familiar voice and turned to see my eldest brother standing there. Qin Xiong. I must've missed the announcement for his arrival as I apologized to Ah Bao for my mistakes.
"X-Xiong Ge.." I said and looked down in shame.
"So the rumors are true."
"Y-Yes.. Sir.."
"Sigh. PRINCESS QIN HUA OF THE QIN KINGDOM, ACCEPT THE IMPERIAL MESSAGE FROM THE KING!!"
"Y-Yes Sir!!"
I crawled naked towards my eldest brother and knelt on both knees as I listened to the imperial message.
"PRINCESS QIN HUA IS AN ABOMINATION TO THE QIN KINGDOM FOR BEING SUCH A SHAMELESS SLUT THAT LIKES TO BE NAKED IN FRONT OF EVERY SINGLE MAN ON EARTH!! AS SUCH, I, THE KING OF THE QIN KINGDOM, QIN LING, ABOLISHES HER TITLE AS THE PRINCESS OF THE QIN KINGDOM AND DEMOTE HER STATUS TO A COMMONER!! WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT, QIN HUA WILL BE OWNED BY BAO XING MAN, AS A SLAVE FOR LIFE AND FOREVER WILL HAVE NO CONNECTION TO THE QIN KINGDOM!!"
"W-What?! N-No!! Father couldn't have wrote this!! Please brother!! You must help me!!" I begged.
"Get off me you slave. You are no longer my little sister. You're just a commoner. A slave. A fuck toy for men. You don't deserve to be called a Princess. Men!! Take her away and throw her out of my Qin Kingdom!!"
"SIR YES SIR!!"
"N-No!!" I continued to cry and beg my eldest brother for help as my former bodyguards dragged me out of my former palace with Ah Bao smiling as he held onto my leash.