I stood on the hot train platform trying my best to squeeze into the sliver of shade that was falling on the pavement. The strap from my bag was causing a strip of sweat to spread over my shoulder. With nowhere to sit, I had little choice but to stand in front of the train doors, waiting for the whim of the conductor to open them. I was on my way home after a long day at work. I took the 5:25 train every day, but this time got stuck at work so I was waiting for the 6:55 (which took 45 minutes longer to get home) train to allow me inside it. I was already irritated about having to work late and getting home later than was ideal, the fact that we were experiencing a heat wave that was causing me to sweat at 6:40 in November wasn't helping anything.
Finally, with what I imagine someone thought was a pleasing series of harmonic tones, the doors parted, allowing the travelers to escape the unseasonable sun. I climbed the four stairs and turned to the right. I had a very specific train strategy, given that I ride it every day. I always went for the last car, it generally would fill up more slowly than the others, but given the late hour of this train it probably didn't matter. Each car had two sections of seats, both facing toward the middle of the car. I always chose the side that was facing in the direction of travel, so that I wouldn't be riding backwards. Each section had an upper and lower seating area. The lower was two standard rows of double seats. The upper was basically two walkways along either side of the train, each with a single row of seats. I always sat up there so that I wouldn't be forced to sit next to someone; I liked my alone time on my commute home. And finally, it was important to not sit on the sunny side, especially on a day like today. That was something that the amateur travelers rarely considered.
As I moved into the forward facing side of the train, I immediately noticed that the air conditioning wasn't working properly. Shit, just what I needed. I pushed on through to the next car, feeling the cool air as I walked through the connecting door. Ok, that wasn't so bad; I would just be one car off from my regular routine, but well worth it for the air conditioning. I made my way down the aisle toward the stairs so I could set up to my solitary seats.
"Excuse me, does this train go to Richmond?"
I turned to see the questioner. It was a petite girl, probably about 19. She had a slight grunge look going. Her loose tee shirt was ripped in a few places and hung off one of her shoulders. She had a black pleated skirt on, that was moderately short. She had 3-4 piercings in each ear along with a thin ring through her nose. Her jet black hair was pulled back in a loose pony tail and she had bright red lipstick on. She definitely wasn't the normal commuter one would encounter on these trains; judging from the bag she carried, I guessed she was a student at the local art school.
"Uh, no. No, this train doesn't stop in Richmond," I replied, consulting the schedule posted right next to the stairs. It could be a little tricky for someone to read a schedule if they weren't familiar with it.
"Fuck!" She shocked me slightly with her language. Not that I didn't have a foul mouth myself on occasion, but generally not with strangers I had just met.
"Is there anything that will get me close?"
"Ya, let's see. You can get off at Yountville, they have a bus line that will get you there pretty quickly."
"Ok, thanks for the help, mister." She turned and started up the stairs.
"Wait." I'm not sure what made me grab her arm. It was probably inappropriate to do to a girl over 10 years younger than me, and the word would have probably halted her just fine. I tried to play it off, and quickly dropped my hand.
"You'll want to sit on this side; it doesn't get as much sun."
"Thanks!" She smiled appreciatively and flounced up the other stairs. I couldn't help but watch and got a generous helping of legs as her heels clicked up the metal steps. I could just see the curve of her cheeks before she stepped out of sight, indicating that she either wasn't wearing underwear or had a thong on. I climbed the stairs after her, thinking it was well worth giving up my sunny side secret for the brief view of her butt cheeks. I walked down the aisle, shuffling past the empty seats. I always aimed for the second to last seat, and it looked like it was still open. The very last seat in each upper row was actually two seats, as the aisle was no longer needed. This was a popular one since you could typically spread out a little more. However, I never took the risk of having someone sit next to me, so that seat was out.
As I sat down in my customary seat, I saw that my new friend had taken the double seat at the end. Her bag was lying on one side while she was lounging on the other, reading some sort of pamphlet. I couldn't help but notice her thigh that was showing since her skirt rode up just slightly when she sat down. I prepared for my standard train routine. Each day after work, I had 45 minutes in between the stresses of my job and the pressures of being home. I was very grateful for both; I had a good job in a bad economy, and I had a beautiful wife in a wonderful home. But the pressures of each could get to me. My wife worked much more than I did, so when I got home the burden of dinner and cleaning fell to me. But the 45 minutes in between both (75 min today, since I was on a slower train) was my alone time; a period of time during which I could zone out and not have to be responsible for anything. The train would get me home, without any effort expended by me. I typically got a beer on the way to the station and sipped on it while reading which ever book or magazine had my attention at that time.
The train jerked as it pulled out of the station. The axles squealed as they started spinning faster. I had grown to love the sounds of the train as it moved, connecting the noisiness with tranquility. As the motion of the train coupled with the sounds, I began to slip off into the coveted mindless state in which I no responsibilities or concerns. Just as all I was entering that state I felt a tap on my shoulder.
"Excuse me, mister. Do you know much about the buses? I'm lost with all this; I have no idea which one to take."
I sighed. Yes, I knew all about the buses, yes I could help her. But that was the last thing I wanted to do right now. I had both my beer and my book open and ready to go. I turned to tell her that I was unfamiliar with the bus system, but one look at her face and I was unable to carry through with it. She had what I would call a beautifully simplistic face. Her pale skin was blemish free and her features fit together perfectly. Her red lips looked just a little pouty. The whole effect was one of youthful innocence. A very quick glance down showed that those pale thighs I had noticed earlier were still on display. Her creamy skin matched her face, and she had just a hint of muscle definition. Her eyes pleaded with me.
"Sure, I can help you."
"Great!" She moved her bag, patting the seat for me to sit down. Reluctantly I left my train haven and sat next to her. She pulled her pamphlet back out and showed it to me. I was very aware of her leg lightly leaning against mine as she eagerly explained where she was trying to go. I quickly showed her the two routes she would have to take, and where and how to transfer. I knew that the bus system could be a little intimating to a novice and after dark probably wasn't the time to be making mistakes, especially for a pretty girl like this. Once I was satisfied that she was sure where she was going, I got up to return to my seat. Her hand grabbed my thigh, pulling me back down. Her touch was very firm.
"Wait, I just wanted to thank you. I probably would have gotten really lost if you hadn't been able to get me on the right track."
It had been quite a while since I had spoken to a beautiful young girl such as this. My nerves definitely began to show.
"Uh, well, it was no problem," I just managed to get out. Her hand remained on my thigh, and I sure wasn't going to be the first to move it. It was as if this petite girl had the strength to hold me to that seat against my will. My seat, just a couple feet away, represented everything that was right; the seat I was in now represented everything that I wanted. I hadn't felt a girl her age touch me since, well since my wife and I were that age.
"Did you enjoy the show?" She broke my train of thought.
"Uhh, huh? What show?"
"When I went up the steps, silly! You looked up my skirt." Her voice dropped to a sexy whisper. "How much did you see? Could you tell I don't have anything on underneath it?"
If I wasn't already fully hard, that certainly finished the job. Her other hand went to her own thigh, and she slowly started pulling the hem of her skirt up. I couldn't believe this was happening! There was no way I could let this teenager expose herself to me on a public train. But I also couldn't stop it. All I could do was watch as more creamy skin became exposed. Finally, her skirt was all the way up and I was staring at her crotch. She had a beautiful pussy, completely shaved except for a V erotically pointing down to her center. Her lips were smooth and mostly covered her sex, parting just slightly in the center.
"Do you like seeing my 19 year old pussy?"
All I could do was nod. Her hand slid up my thigh to meet my hard dick that was pushing its way down my pant leg. When contact was made I jumped.
"Do you want to see me touch my 19 year old pussy?"
I'm not even sure if I nodded that time, but she did. Her hand moved down and cupped her mound. She threw her head back and closed her eyes as she held herself tightly. Then she looked at me, watching me watch her, as she drew her finger nails up her skin, leaving white marks in their wake. Her middle finger traced down the length of her slit, opening it just enough for me to see a glimpse of what she hid inside. She then began tracing the outside of her lips with the tips of the nails. All the while, she was gently stroking me through my pants. Her finger found the little sensitive nub at the top of her womanhood and she rubbed it, letting a small moan out. I nervously looked around the train car to find that there was just one other person; a young man up at the front on the opposite side, with large headphones on. If he had turned to look, he would have been able to see me, but the seat in front of us (my former haven) was blocking her from his view. I looked back to my companion, her torn shirt had slid further down her shoulder, exposing the top half of her small breast, the neckline caught on a hard nipple. I could see a buildup of moisture through her slightly parted lips. Her thin, delicate finger was moving faster on her clit.
She stopped rubbing with a sigh and moved back down to her opening. Her eyes popped open and stared at me. She drew my eyes like magnets; I fought between staring deep into her soul and looking at the action below, in which her fingers were starting to gently probe her depths. Her pressure on my encased penis increased as I tore my eyes away from her youthful face in time to see her sink a long finger deep inside her. She let out a loud long moan followed by a second finger venturing inside. She began to slide them in and out and I noticed the train beginning to slow. We were approaching the first stop on the trip. I panicked, knowing that we had to stop this. I was a grown adult, I couldn't allow this teenager to put us both in such a compromising position. At work, I managed six other people, and could have them do anything I wanted. All that authority denigrated in the face of this petite girl. I tried to tell her to stop, that what we were doing was illegal, that we might both go to jail; but nothing came out. The train stop came and went. I almost forgot about the teenage beauty next to me fingering her young cooch when I heard the doors open. But I knew I was safe when they closed and no entered our car.
All of a sudden, the door connecting our car to the one behind us, which was essentially right beneath us, flew opened. My heart shot up to my throat and I nervously looked down. A middle age woman hurried through the cabin, apparently not finding the seat she wanted, and was gone. I looked to my right, ready to break this off, and saw her still pleasuring herself, completely unconcerned with our brush with danger; if anything she was going at it faster. There was a sexual harmony created by her right hand, which was furiously fingering her sex, and her left hand, which was lazily stroking my clothed cock. That harmony, however, lasted only a couple more minutes as she pulled her hand away from me. It was only then that I realized how painfully hard I was. There was nowhere for it to go, and my arms were still frozen by the spectacle happening next to me.
Her hand was quickly re-employed as it pulled her shirt down the rest of the way exposing the entirety of her breast. I guessed that she sported A cups on her chest. There was a very pleasant roundness to them and it was obvious that they would remain firm for years to come. Her exposed nipple was tiny and offered me quite a surprise; it had a tiny silver ring through it. There was a sparkly pendent dangling from the ring. Her hand deftly moved from cupping her young breast to pinching her nipple to tugging on her dangling jewelry; the last causing her to groan. She abruptly abandoned her tit and brought her hand down to stimulate her engorged clit. Her other hand was still thrusting two fingers in and out of her hole. Turning my attention back down that, I noticed how wet it had become. I could see her tender flesh stretch around the invading fingers and longed to touch it, feel its heat.
With two hands now pleasuring her sex, I knew it wouldn't be long before she climaxed. Her vocals picked up as her arousal increased; I reluctantly kept an eye on the other passenger, sure that he would turn to look. He never did. Her hanging pendent was swinging wildly from her engorged nipple as her whole body moved with her exertion. I could now hear her fingers thrust, as the moisture created suction every time she pulled her fingers out. It wasn't clear which of us was awaiting her inevitable climax with greater anticipation, as I watched eagerly for her to come.
When it came, she jerked back against the seat like she was possessed. She started to cry out rather loudly and I couldn't help but slap my hand over her mouth, muffling her passionate sounds. Her two hands continued to abuse her pussy. I felt her tongue push against my palm as she writhed erotically. The violent movements slowly subsided as her orgasm came to an end. I felt it safe to pull my hand away, and she let out a sigh of contentment, slouching against the back of the seat. She brought her two sopping fingers slowly up to her mouth and licked them clean, clearly enjoying every drop; her other hand returned to her nipple dangle and gently tugged on it. Her post orgasm routine only reminded me how unsatisfied my hard cock was.
She turned to me; I saw a glint in her eye. She slowly extracted her fingers from her mouth, a string of saliva connecting her fingertip and her lip.
"Now it's your turn!"
I gasped when her hand made renewed contact with my covered penis. It stayed there briefly before moving to my zipper. I jerked when she pulled the zipper down, my hand instinctively going to it, meeting her hand there. She sensed my extreme discomfort.
"Here, move over to where I was sitting."
She stood up and gestured for me to slide into her seat. I did, glancing over at the other rider, who seemingly hadn't noticed our escapades. Her pierced tit still exposed, she knelt down in between my knees. I couldn't believe that this petite girl could fit in the small cavity in between the seats, but she managed it somehow. She returned her attention to my open fly and managed to fish my solid cock out of the opening. I'm not porn star, but consider myself generously blessed, with approximately a 7" unit. She gazed at it affectionately while her fingers explored it, her other hand gently massaging my balls. I think I almost burst when her tongue first touched my sensitive head. She continued to deliciously tease my cock with her tongue, driving me absolutely wild. I gained control of my arms again and they found the back of her head. I tried to urge her to go further, but she was in complete control. For what seemed like ages (and at least one train stop) she licked all over, with her hand always tickling my heavy balls. She very masterfully kept me on the edge nearly the whole time, but there was never a danger of reaching climax.
She looked up, locking our eyes together. As she watched my reaction, her lips slipped over the head of my cock. She didn't go any further, just keeping the head of my dick in her mouth, swirling her tongue in intricate designs over it. My extreme arousal meant heightened senses; it was a challenge to keep my feelings from bursting forth through my mouth, alerting our fellow passenger, as well as the adjoining cars, of my pleasure. After torturing my tip for ages, she slowly slid her mouth further down. She kept her eyes on mine the whole time as she started sliding further down my shaft, agonizingly slowly. I closed my eyes in ecstasy, reveling in her lips learning every inch of my cock. She stopped moving, and I opened my eyes to see her with my full length buried in her mouth. She kept it deep in her throat for about 30 seconds, all the while looking up at me with her enchanting eyes.
When she started moving again, she pulled back to the base of my head, tracing the bottom of my shaft with her tongue the whole way. Her hand was still cupping my balls when she brought the other up to rub my now wet shaft. She kept my head encased in her lips, flicking at it with her tongue while her hand slid up and down the shaft. As soon as it started to get a little dry, she slid back down to the base, keeping it buried in her throat, ensuring that adequate moisture remained when she pulled back off. We continued this routine for an unknown amount of time. Thinking back on it, it was at least 3 stops.
I was starting to get a little light headed with all the attention she was paying me when she thrust down again, this time pulling immediately back up and down again. She started fucking me with her throat ravenously. My hands on her head started guiding her pace even faster. I got occasional glimpses of her dangling nipple jewelry swinging like a pendulum. Her eyes closed in concentration and my brow furrowed in self-constraint. We were locked in an orgasmic battle; she was desperately trying to make me climax while I wanted more than anything else to keep this blowjob going as long as possible.
The odds were stacked against me, and eventually she triumphed. She knew it was coming and held me deep inside her. I don't think I had ever cum that much. My first blast was shot straight down her throat. Despite her obvious oral experience, she silently gagged just slightly, and pulled back a little. My next three pumps filled her mouth, and I could see her throat and tongue working overtime funneling it out of her mouth. She slurped up the last bit of my juice, and even cleaned my cock off a little, right as we were pulling into a station. As she started to stand up, I noticed a small amount of my cum clinging to her sexy lip.
"Mmm, thanks for all the help," she whispered in my ear as she squeezed past me into the aisle. "I'll be on the same train tomorrow."
She winked at me as she pulled her shirt back up her shoulder, once again covering her small, pierced nipple. She gathered her bags up and hurried down to the stairs, her little skirt flipping up just enough to remind me that she wasn't wearing underwear. I watched out the window as she disembarked. She turned and blew a kiss up at me, which reminded me to tuck my deflated member back into my pants. I realized that I didn't know her name but that it didn't matter. As the train pulled out of the station, I made the decision that I would have to stay late at work tomorrow as well.