This story builds upon the story, "Taking a Chance," by Wutmytvben published by Literotica. It is written so that if the reader reads the introduction, the story will stand alone. If the reader wants more character development especially for Jim, Patty or John, or if they wish a broader background to this story than is given in the introduction, they may prefer to read or skim through that previous story.
*****
Introduction
Jim and Patty met at college, were attracted to one another and eventually explored the idea of getting married. Jim knew he was a highly sexual person so talked with Patty about it, knowing that if a strong sexual relationship was not a priority for her, marriage would be difficult. Patty indicated that she, too, seemed to be more interested in things sexual than many of her peers. They concluded that this would not be a problem in their marriage.
However, Patty got pregnant very early in their marriage, and after their marriage and first pregnancy it was like a switch had been flipped in her mind. At first Jim thought that it was just because of the pregnancy and that as the baby grew older and Patty's body returned to its previous shape, her sex drive would return. But it did not. It seemed that once Patty had become a wife and mother, she had a new set of values. Primary among those new values was that a good wife and a good mother does not enjoy or want sex.
Jim read a lot about sexual relations in marriage and tried many things to arouse Patty and to give her enjoyable sex. Some times he would break through her self-imposed barriers and succeed. But the next day Patty would be angry at him for having broken through her defenses.
From Jim's point of view the marriage was deteriorating and the only thing holding the marriage together was their commitment to their two children. Patty felt the distance between herself and her husband but was finding her satisfaction in being a good wife and a good mother as she defined those roles for herself.
Jim had graduated from college in the Chicago area and was working as a teacher in the Detroit area. Patty had not quite graduated and was hoping to finish up her degree the following summer as the two of them returned to Chicago, Jim to begin work on his Master's degree. But Patty's pregnancy changed those plans. Patty stayed home to be a full-time mom to the newborn and Jim began work on his Master's at Wayne State University in Detroit. They had another child within two years of the first.
It wasn't until the two children were out of diapers that it was decided that Patty should go to school back at Chicago during an intensive summer session and finish her residence requirements. The family had driven her to school, but she had chosen to come home for the extended Fourth of July weekend by bus. She had dressed in an outfit she thought her husband would appreciate. At a rest stop in Kalamazoo as Patti was about to board the bus, the bus driver asked her whether she would join him for dinner when they got to Detroit. She showed him her wedding ring and explained that her husband and children would be waiting for her.
When she got to Detroit, Jim and the children were indeed waiting for her and the first hours of their reunion were dedicated mostly to the kids. However, once the children were in bed Jim and Patty had some of the best sex they had ever had in their lives. Later on that evening Patty told Jim about the bus driver. She went on to tell him that the bus driver, because he was black, awakened something in her. She confessed that as a teen she had come upon one of her brother's muscle and fitness magazines. It was open to a picture of a black bodybuilder posing in an extremely small posing suit. It was the first time she had ever felt that tingle between her legs which she would only later know to be sexual excitement. From that time on, for many years the picture she carried in her mind of that black bodybuilder became her ideal of male sexuality. Being asked out by the black bus driver reawakened those sexual feelings.
After a fitful night of sleep, Jim knew he was grasping at straws, but at least it was something to grasp. So early in the morning he suggested to Patty that if she wanted to, they might be able to turn her fantasy into reality. Jim was hoping against hope that this might awaken Patty's sexuality so that she would become the wife she had said she was capable of being. Patty was still on a sexual high and was maybe grasping at straws, too. In any case, they found that the same bus driver would be doing a Detroit to Chicago trip in a couple of days and exchanged her ticket so that she could ride that bus. She offered herself to the driver and the driver eagerly took her up on the offer. He was a careful lover and did, indeed, awaken Patty's inner slut, even to the point that she was double penetrated by the bus driver, John, and his son.
Two weeks later when Jim came to the college to pick up Patty, she was a changed woman. From then on they had a rich and varied sex life. They used many positions and made love in many locations. Patty loved being the exhibitionist and they found a few friends with the same interest. They even joined a few swing clubs, not to exchange partners, but so that Jim and Patty could have sex in front of an audience. They continued to read books and articles on sexuality and continually tried new things with one another and with a few choice friends.
Friends with Benefits - Part 1 of 3
Sometimes in the evening when they were fucking they would fantasize. At other times, Patty would bring up some of the things she had done during her time with John, his son, and others that resulted in her sexual awakening. It was a year later, and the two of them had just cum after Patty remembered and related the story of her first double penetration. She felt it was one of the things that qualified her for being one of the dirtiest sluts on the face of the earth. That description of herself always produced feelings of sexual arousal. As they lay next to one another coming down from their sexual high, Jim said, "I wish I could have been there to see that." He had said this before to some of the things Patty had related to him about her sexual awakening.
This time, she took him up on it. "You know, I have John's telephone number. I could call him and see if he or he and his son could join us."
"I'd rather see you go up to him in person at the bus station dressed like a slut and ask him to join us that way. It would be so hot," said Jim.
The next morning, a Saturday, they called up the bus station to inquire as to what time the next bus from Chicago would arrive. They figured the next driver would either be John, or a driver who could tell them when the next time would be that John would arrive. Patty prepared to meet John at the station. At that time (late 60's, early 70's) they were making extremely low cut bell bottom pants for women. She coupled that with a wife beater styled undershirt cut up so high that some underboob would show. Nipple jewelry hung from her tits that matched her long dangling earrings and her navel jewelry. Her entire bare abdomen was exposed almost down to her vulva and a portion of her ass crack was exposed in back. With this she wore a stylized cowgirl hat and high heel platform shoes. She looked hot. She took one last look at herself in the mirror and realized she could not wear this in front of the children (which they were planning on taking with them down to the bus station). She called Jim to the bedroom and showed him the outfit. He loved it, but before Patty could say anything, he said, "Last year the kids were young enough that you could get away with wearing something like that in front of them. But I don't think we'll get away with it this year without raising some questions in their minds that if they ask us we won't want to answer."
Patty said, "I agree. So what do we do now? Do we call the whole thing off or do I try to call John on the phone?"
Jim replied, "I don't know. Maybe this is an indication that it was not a well thought out idea."
"Or maybe it simply means," replied Patty, "that from now on we have to consider that the kids are older and we have to make sure we have made adequate arrangements for them, too. Let me call John. If it doesn't work for him, then we won't pursue it any further. But you've said, 'I wish I could have been there to see that,' too many times for us to not at least try."
Patty reached John on the first try. He did not immediately recognize the name but as soon as she mentioned the Fourth of July a year ago the whole tone of his voice changed and Patty could tell he was happy to hear from her. She asked whether he was still driving to Detroit. He was. She mentioned her husbands repeated statement about wishing to see her with John. She asked him to think about whether that was something he could do. She asked him if he might be able to bring his son along with him and offered to pay the expenses to do so, but John indicated that that would not work out.
John seemed a little hesitant, but concluded the conversation by saying, "Give me your phone number and let me think about it and I'll call you back in a couple of days." That didn't sound all that hopeful. But then he said, "I look forward to seeing you again." That gave Patty some hope that he would return her call. As Jim and Patty talked about it some more they decided that they would simply be content with whatever happened.
About a week later Patty got a call from John. He told her that he would be able to meet with her in about a week - on Friday. He asked whether that would work for her. When she looked at her calendar and saw that it would work, he went on to explain: She should meet him at 7 PM on that Friday night at the motel that the bus company used for their drivers when the driver had a layover. He would be in room115 which was on the ground floor and every room had a door that opened up to the parking lot. Her husband could bring her there and bring her to the room where John would be waiting for her. John also had a friend, Don, who would meet them there. After introductions at the motel, Don would drive John and Patty to a club where they would get further acquainted. Jim could go back home. After John, Patty and Don had spent some time getting to know one another and feeling comfortable with one another at the club, Don would drive the three of them to Patty's house, where, if all were agreeable, Patty would spend time fucking John and Don and getting double penetrated and maybe even made air tight if Jim wanted to join in. And Jim would get to see it all.
Wow! This sounded like way more than Patty was bargaining for when she first called John. But, of course it wasn't. It's just that John had done a lot more planning than she had expected him to do. And he was bringing in a new person, one she had never met. To buy a little more time, she asked, "Tell me a little more about this Don guy."
John explained that he had met Don at a club on a Saturday night when both of them were there looking for someone with whom they could hook up. Neither one of them were having any luck. The girls had just not come out that night. So they spent some time talking to one another. John explained that as a long-distance bus drive there were nights when he was in town on a layover and enjoyed the company of a woman. Don explained that he owned a business, a gym, was a competitive bodybuilder, and did not have a desire for a wife and family, but did like the companionship of a woman from time to time. They both valued being clean and safe in their one night stands. He had met Don a number of times since then, had seen him with women, and he seemed to be a nice guy who treated his women with respect.
Patty was really tempted to say, "Let me get back to you," but felt that if she did that John might feel that she did not trust him. The fact was that he had proven himself to be trustworthy in Chicago so she decided to go for it. She asked, "What should I wear?"
"Something sexy," John replied. "The club we are going to serves simple food, has topless waitresses and naked dancers on stage. They keep the place clean and have a rather high cover charge to keep undesirables out. If you're dressed sexy enough, they'll give you free food and drinks. We'll spend our time at the club eating, getting further acquainted and dancing."
Patty repeated the name of the motel, the date, time and room number and said, "I'll be there."
John concluded the conversation saying, "I'm looking forward to it."
When that Friday came, Jim and Patty made arrangements for their children to stay at the home of friends until Saturday afternoon. Patty put on dangling earrings, jewelry that dangled from her nipples, dangling navel jewelry, and jewelry that dangled from the rings of her inner pussy lips. Then she put on a silver micro bikini. The jewelry that hung from her labia she pulled outside the suit so that they hung down between her legs. The jewelry that hung from her nipples she concealed in the bikini top for the time being. Over that she wore a white form fitting wide-hole fishnet T-shirt dress that barely covered her ass and pussy. Her pussy jewelry was visible under the hem of the dress. She went for a rather dramatic look with her makeup, and wore a pair of silver shoes with a five inch spike heel. She was so nervous and sexually charged that it did not even cross her mind to be afraid.
Jim was afraid for both of them. But he did not want to scare Patty off. Furthermore, the chance that they took a year earlier with John had paid tremendous dividends, so Jim went along with the plan. He got Patty to the motel on time. He walked her to the door and John let them in. John shook Jim's hand, saying that he remembered him from the bus station the year before standing there with two little kids. Then there was a knock on the door. John opened it and it was Don. Again there were introductions all around and some small talk, but John was eager to get going to the club - after all, he had to be at work tomorrow so could not stay out all night. Jim said his goodbye.
Don got into the front seat of his SUV, invited Patty to sit in the middle and have John ride shotgun. All the way to the club the guys exclaimed how much they liked Patty's outfit. Patty thought to herself, "You aint seen nothin' yet!"
They got out at the club and walked in. The bouncer took one look at Patty and announced, "Anything this girl wants is on the house."
She pulled him to herself and gave him a kiss, whispering, "Thanks," before walking into the club giving her hips an exaggerated motion. John indicated to a topless waitress that they would be ordering a little food. She led them to the back of the club, a little farther away from the music, so that they could converse as they ate.
As they waited for their food, she turned to Don and said, "Tell me a little more about yourself."
Don went on to say that he was an athlete all through high school, but when he got to college, while his game was football, he just did not have the size to play first string at any major college or to make it into the pros. He majored in kinesiology hoping to become a trainer and he got a job at a university. After a few years he became more and more interested in bodybuilding. An opportunity presented itself for him to purchase a gym and training facility and he thought he could maintain it as a successful business. Without wanting to sound too stuck on himself he said that the business was going well and he, personally, had done reasonably well in competition as a professional bodybuilder.
That last statement really got Patty's attention. It took her back to her teen years. She felt that familiar tingling in her clit. She excused herself to go to the washroom. There she lifted up her dress and took off her micro bikini top. She took the dangling jewelry off of her nipples. She pulled down her dress and pulled her nipples out of the wide weave of the fishnet dress. She had previously subtly marked which holes in the dress would be right where her nipples should be exposed. Then she put the dangling jewelry back on her nipples so that they swayed back and forth on the outside of her dress as she walked. She put the tiny bikini top in her small purse and walked back to the table.
Continuing as though nothing had happened, as soon as she sat down she turned to Don and said, "As a successful business owner and a professional bodybuilder, I would think you would have your choice of women wanting to settle down with you."
He looked at her chest, mesmerized by what she had done before he realized she had said something to him that required an answer. "I'm sorry, I got distracted. What did you say?"
Patty threw her shoulders back a little bit and restated her question.
"I'm the one that doesn't want to settle down," he finally said. "In college I formed a number of friendships that turned into friends with benefits, and that worked well for me. There were a number of girls that I could talk to with ease and who felt at ease talking with me. Sometimes we'd help one another sort out some serious issues. At other times when one or the other of us were horny, we'd get together and fuck. But we had no real expectations of one another outside of being a friend they could depend on. But once I got out of college and started earning a living I have quickly found that when a women talks about being a friend with benefits, one of the benefits they expect is a ring, or help in bringing up their children, or sharing finances. I want to keep my independence and appreciate the woman who wants to keep hers. Those women are few and far between."
Their food came and the conversation became lighter. Patty was wondering what Jim would think of her becoming a friend with benefits with this guy. She'd have to make sure that Jim would never feel like he was being short changed. But if Don's body looked half as good as she remembered the man in the muscle and fitness magazine, she figured she'd be more horny than she ever was and Jim would be the main recipient. She was mulling this over in her head while they were eating. Suddenly she was brought out of her own private thoughts as Don was knocking on the table and saying, "Earth to Patty, earth to Patty."
"Sorry," she said, "I got lost in my own thoughts for just a moment. What did you say?"
Don said, "I was asking you how you got to know John here."
Patty related a very shortened version of the story, beginning with John asking her out on the way to Detroit and her telling him she was married, but skipping all the pillow talk she had with her husband or the fact that their marriage was going down the tubes. Instead she went right to how she had come to equate male sexuality with that picture of a black bodybuilder in a tiny posing suit. Then she made it sound like she and Jim had a somewhat open marriage so that when she told Jim about John wanting to take her out, Jim encouraged her to take John up on it and live out part of her fantasy. "Of course John is not a professional bodybuilder," she said, "but he still looks good in a brief swim suit. And now that I hear that you are a professional bodybuilder, I can't wait to get you home and maybe see my dream come true."
"Wow, that's pretty heady stuff," said Don. "Feed my ego much more of that and I'll explode."
"Let's get out on the dance floor," said John. "I want to see this girl move." The music was the same music that the strippers dance to, so it was fast. Patty was shaking her tits and her ass. She had to be a little careful because of the high heels she was wearing, but she was looking hot.
"Unbutton your shirts," she said, "and I'll make it worth your while."
"You do it," said Don, because he wanted to feel Patty's hands on his chest.
She opened his shirt to the waist and spread it open over his chest. Then she ran her hands over his muscled chest and washboard abs. "You feel good," she said, "good enough to fuck." She turned to John. "I know what you have under that shirt and it's nothing to be ashamed of." She unbuttoned his shirt and opened it wide and played with his nipples for a few seconds. At that the music stopped. "Let's go back to the table for a minute," she said. When they got back to the table the guys were about ready to sit down, but she stood against the wall and said, "No, stand in front of me. I noticed that the dancers strip to being fully naked. So take my bikini bottoms off of me but be careful getting them off around the jewelry."
At first they didn't know how they were going to do it. Finally they decided to sit on chairs facing her and each take one side of her bottom and pull it down. Once it was off she put it in her clutch purse. "Now, let's go back out there and dance. I want to show all the guys here the pussy that you will be fucking later tonight. Take as many liberties with me as you want, just be careful about the jewelry."
They went back on the dance floor. They moved from the back of the dance floor which was mostly in the shadows to a well lit portion by the stage. The guys were regularly lifting the bottom of her dress and showing off her ass. They would try to penetrate her pussy with their fingers and were playing with her tits. Usually one of the guys was in front of her, the other in back. She would grind her ass against the cock of the man behind her or reach out with her hand and play with the cock of the man in front of her. They knew they were not going to last long in the place before the bouncer would come up to them, so rather than force the issue, when they thought they had gotten away with as much as they possibly could, Don left enough money to cover their tab and a good tip, Patty picked up her purse and the three of them left the club to go to Patty and Jim's home.
It's probably time for a short aside. As soon as Patty and Jim married and Jim started teaching in the Detroit area, Jim began working on his continuing education. This was necessary for him to keep up his certification. However, when Jim realized he now had a wife to care for and a little one on the way he decided to pursue the graduate work aggressively. He went to summer school full time, and during the year was always taking a class or two. So by the time Patty went off to Chicago to finish her undergraduate degree, Jim had just received his Masters Degree in Industrial Education. He also had taken courses in a new field called computer science.
At this same time industry was beginning to switch over to automated machines and processes in manufacturing plants. A number of major manufacturers in the Detroit area worked with Wayne State University. They were looking for a person who could identify the new skills needed to operate the new equipment and then to retrain some of their current employees so they would be qualified to operate this new automated equipment. Jim became the prime target of a number of recruiters. Because the recruiters were well aware of one another, Jim was offered a good package by one manufacturer only to be offered a better one by a second manufacturer until he was offered a package that was just too good to resist and he gave his notice to the school system that he would not be returning for the next school year.
So the Monday after Patti returned home from Chicago, Jim started a new job with a great compensation package. If they would have been the type of people who always tried to keep up with the Jones's, they might have tried to move to a different area rather than remain in their blue collar neighborhood. But Jim had spent quite a bit of time fixing up their house so that it was in great condition. They liked the neighborhood; the schools were great; they were near their friends; they saw no need to move. But the following spring Jim knew they could easily afford to put a privacy fence around their yard, so they did. When the neighbors asked anything about it, Jim would reply that they were thinking that in the future they might get a small above ground swimming pool, but the city required an effective fence for any such pool. In the area there had been a couple of unfortunate drownings that prompted most city councils to adopt ordinances requiring fencing around private pools.
But the real and/or immediate purpose for Jim and Patty's fence was for privacy, so that they could wear minimal clothing in their back yard without offending the neighbors. In fact, they were hoping to fuck outdoors and had investigated getting a gym mat that they could store in their garage and bring out into the yard. But they found those mats to be very heavy and difficult for the two of them to move around. Instead, they bought a full sized mattress, and covered it with a blue tarp. Over that they could put a mattress pad and a sheet. They had a place in the garage where they could store it and pull it out into the yard when needed. Jim could handle it by himself and with Patty's help it was even easier to take out and put away.
Jim had the work all organized and all the materials on hand and had rented a motorized post-hole digger. He got Bill to help him dig the post holes and put up the fence. There was a standing invitation for Bill and Tina to come over the first evening of the first warm day of a weekend, where it was forecast to stay warm for a while into the night.
Such a Friday night came and Jim picked up a babysitter and took the baby sitter and his children over to Bill and Tina's. The babysitter would sit for all four kids while the parents were away and then Jim would pick up the babysitter and his own children at the end of the evening. The evening started with the girls stripping down to swimwear. Both of the wives wearing a slingshot type of suit. Tina's was one piece, while Patty's had two pieces, the slingshot consisting of two very narrow strings that went over her shoulders and held just a tiny triangle over her pussy. Then there was a separate top which tied around her neck and her chest holding two little triangles over her nipples. The men wore women's G strings. The triangle covered their cocks and their balls hung out on the two sides. The balls, positioned that way looked almost like pussy lips. The four of them played couples' badminton in those tiny little outfits.
When they tired of playing badminton, they relaxed by taking down the net and putting the badminton away, and sitting around, drink in hand for a few moments. By now it was beginning to get dark, so Jim set out some oil lamps on poles that not only gave off light but also repelled bugs. The girls then offered to put on a fashion show for the men by trading the swimsuits that they were wearing and modeling them. Both girls could move quite sensuously, arousing themselves as well as the men. For this, Jim had some music playing. Tina suggested, "Let's dance," and the men got up and the four of them danced to the fast paced music. With each change in the music, they changed dance partners. Soon they were undressing one another. They danced naked, moving their bodies as sensuously as they could and exchanging partners each time a new song came on. Jim changed the music to slow dances and now they held their dance partners tight, enjoying the feeling of naked bodies held close together. They continued to change partners and were soon fondling the one with whom they were dancing. When it became so intense they just had to fuck, Jim was holding Tina and Bill was holding Patty. Jim announced that rather than go home and fuck, they could fuck out under the stars. The mattress had been taken out of the garage and was leaning against the fence. Jim put a tarp on the ground so that moisture would not be absorbed up into the mattress and the mattress with the cover and the sheet was placed on top of it. Jim suggested that Bill and Tina could go first, and that he and Patty would slip into the shadows to give them some privacy. At first Bill and Tina were hesitant and Jim offered to them that if they did not want to be the first to fuck outdoors on the mattress they could go into the house and use the bed in the master bedroom. After a few moments of private conversation Tina said, "If you make yourselves inconspicuous, we'd like to try fucking out under the stars." And so they did, Jim and Patty staying well back into the shadows.
When they were done Jim brought the chairs they had been sitting on a lot closer to the mattress. "I'd feel better about it if you were closer to the bug repellent," was his reasoning. Jim and Patty started out doing a little bit of dirty dancing before moving to the mattress and making out. Jim moved from French kissing Patty to kissing her neck and quickly moving to her tits. As he stimulated her nipples with his mouth his right hand reached down to her pussy and started to play with her opening. As she was getting more excited, Jim moved himself down between her legs and started to work on her pussy with his mouth. She was getting wetter and wetter. Jim inserted two fingers and began probing for her G-spot. At the same time his tongue found her clit and very gently teased it driving her to a peak of desire.
"Fuck me," she said, when she could take the teasing no longer.
"Ride me," replied Jim as he moved to his back, his cock reaching for the stars. Patty mounted him cowgirl style and started bouncing up and down on his cock. Jim loved this position because he loved seeing Patty's pretty face in sexual ecstasy and her tits bouncing up and down. As he looked down he could see his cock going in and out of Patty's love hole. Eventually, when Patty got tired, she raised herself up a little ways and Jim took over, driving his cock up into Patty's cunt, harder and harder, faster and faster.
"Aaaah, Eeeee, I'm cumming, I'm cumming," Patty exclaimed. At the same time a gush of fluid flooded from her onto Jim's cock and groin, and down onto the mattress.
But she wasn't done and Jim knew it. "On your back," he said. He put Patty's calves on his shoulders and started fucking her in that position.
Jim seemed to be slowing down a little bit and Bill and Lisa could hear Patty asking Jim, "Do you think it's okay? I want to. You know I love it when I get that dirty. Will it ruin our friendship?"
Then they heard Jim say something to her softly, but it sounded like he was saying, "They're friends. They'll understand. And even if they don't, they'll forgive. Go for it. You know you want to."
Jim quickened his pace. Then Bill and Tina could clearly hear Patty saying, "Fuck me, Bill. Fuck me with your big hard cock. You know you turn me on so much when you're dancing with me and I'm watching that cock sway to the beat of the music. And then we dance together, holding one another tight and I melt in your arms as I feel your hands on me, pulling my ass into you, playing with my tits, fingering my pussy. You make me so hot. You make me want to fuck you. I want you to fuck me, Bill. I want your big hard cock up my fuckin' fuck hole. I need you in my slutty cunt. I want to be your slut - your dirty fuckin' slut. I want your strange cock up my married pussy. I want you to fill me with your baby batter. Fuck me, Bill. Fuck me hard. Make me your dirty fuckin' bitch. Oh, Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, MEEEE!" And with that she came again in a violent cum, driving up her pelvis onto her partner's cock and letting loose another torrent of female cum. Then she began to relax. Jim had shot his load into her as she was cumming so violently. He helped her take her legs off her shoulders, but stayed mounted in her, putting his weight on his arms so as not to make her uncomfortable. They started whispering, "I love you," to one another and other terms of endearment, Jim assuring Patty that he thought she was the sexiest wife in the whole world.
As they came down from their sexual high, they became aware of Bill and Tina. There was an awkward silence. "That was the sexiest thing I've ever seen," said Bill, "and I'll admit it, I've seen some porn. But nothing like this."
Tina had been quiet. She now looked at Patty. "Did you mean that - about fucking Bill, I mean?"
"Well," said Patty, "the last few times we've gotten together and have played with one another, when Jim and I come home and fuck, I do fantasize just like that about fucking Bill, and it really makes me hot. And Jim gets off on it, too. I'm not saying that I really want to do it, but if everybody else wanted to give swapping a try, I wouldn't be the one to put on the brakes. There's just something that really turns me on about being a slut. Can you understand that?"
"While you were talking so dirty about fucking Bill, I started thinking about fucking Jim, and all of a sudden I wanted him. If you would have stopped right there in the middle and would have said to me, 'Let's swap,' I'd have done it without a moment's hesitation. Yeah, I can understand it. And when Bill and I get home, I have no doubt that we will go to bed fantasizing about fucking you two. Do you think we'll make it happen?"
"Let's talk about it before we get together again and at a time when we are not in the heat of passion and see what we think," said Jim. "I know that while I was fucking Patty and she was fantasizing about Bill, I looked over at Bill, and he definitely seemed to be with the program."
"You're not hurt, are you Sweety?" Bill asked Tina.
"Hurt? I'm as horny as I've ever been and can't wait to get home and fantasize with you about fucking Jim and Tina as we screw like bunnies." And that pretty much summarizes the evening they spent together.
But now that enclosed back yard, lit by torches, with a mattress on the ground is the scene to which Patty, John and Don came. When they arrived at the house, Jim had the mattress out and the torches lit. He had a little something for everyone to drink. Patty took hers into the bedroom, telling everyone that she was going to get herself ready and would be right back. She took off all her dangling jewelry except for her earrings. She quickly irrigated her rectum and then inserted a generous portion of lubricant before putting in a butt plug to keep herself somewhat dilated. She came out only wearing a pair of heels. She came into the back yard where all the guys were seated on outdoor lounge chairs. She brought with her a container of posing oil which she bought from a catalog that sold bodybuilding supplies. "Hey guys," she said, "it's time to get naked and to get oiled up. "I'll start working on Don first. I'll do the top of his back, then he will do the left side of my back. Then I'll do the top half of John, and John will do the right side of my top. And we'll keep on alternating that way so that I do both of you and the two of you will oil me up."
After they were all oiled they started dancing slow numbers, the men rubbing their well oiled bodies against Patty. They each got hotter and hotter to the point that Patty said, "Now fuck me." John, having fucked Patty before, a year earlier in Chicago. gave the go ahead sign to Don. Don lay next to Patty on the mattress and started to kiss her and play with her tits. John moved to between her legs and started eating out her pussy. Don moved down and started kissing Patty's tits. John stopped working on her pussy and moved up to put his cock in Patty's mouth. Don was now fingering Patty's pussy. Patty moved her head, and said, "Fuck me, Don. How do you want me?"
Don had her get on her hands and knees and mounted her from behind, putting his cock in her pussy, and noticing the butt plug which just made him more excited. Patty was well lubricated and Don slid right in. "Oh, Fuck! That feels so good," she exclaimed. "Fuck me, man, make me your bitch. I love the feel of your big black cock in my white tight married pussy. You like making me your slut? Am I your white slut? You like me being a slut for black cock? I love your black cock! I'm a black cock whore. I need your big black cock in me. Pound the shit out of me you mother fucker! Give it to me. Fill me with your spunk!"
At the same time John was putting his cock back into her mouth so that she was being spit roasted. They went at her like that for a while until she took her mouth off of John's cock. "I want to be DP'd." The guys were wearing condoms - John insisted on it. He had learned from experience about STD's. He moved next to Patty on the mattress and lay next to Patty. Don withdrew from her. "You want to do the honors or shall I do it myself?" she asked. He had a questioning look on his face. "Remove the butt plug. Do you want to do it or should I?" she asked. Don removed the plug. Jim was there to take it. Patty put herself over John's cock in a reverse cowgirl position and gently sat down on John's cock until it was all the way in. She leaned back and said to John, "Now fuck me," as she lifted herself off of him slightly. He started fucking her ass. "Let me taste our juices," she said to Don, who got up and fed his cock to her mouth. When she was totally comfortable with John fucking her ass, she said to Don, "Now put that great big fucker in my fuck hole and fill me up with cock." Don maneuvered himself in place and started to fuck Patty in a rhythm that matched John's.
Seeing his wife get fucked like this was a total turn-on for Jim. The contrast between his wife's white skin and their black bodies was beautiful. Fucking a person of a different race still had a taboo aspect to it. John had a good body that looked nice with Patty's. Don had this wonderfully developed body - hyper masculine - that looked like it belonged with Patty's gorgeous body. Jim, too, had seen some porn in his life, but these two black men fucking his wife made any porn he had ever seen seem tame in comparison. Jim decided to complete the act of what they were doing and gave his cock to Patty's mouth. Now she was air-tight. This was the height of being a wanton sexy slut and everybody knew it.
Then it was time for the two black men to each spend a little time fucking Patty by himself. All three men withdrew. "Who wants me first?" asked Patty. John wanted to go first so that when he was done he could take his shower and be ready to go to his motel when Don was done. He had to go to work the next day and was conscientious about getting enough sleep before driving a busload of people to Chicago. Don could just throw a cover over his seat for the drive and could shower at home. John took off his condom, washed himself thoroughly and put on another condom so that he could fuck Patty's pussy.
He entered her missionary and talked to her as he fucked her. "You like this big black cock?"
"I love it."
"Does it feel as good as you remember it?"
"It feels better, way better."
"Are you my black cock slut?"
"I'm your black cock slut, John. I love your black cock, I need your black cock. Your black cock feels so good in me. I want you to shoot a load of your cum into me. Fuck me, John, fuck my dirty white married cunt with your beautiful big black cock. Give it to me, give it to me, give it to me, my big black lover!"
After the night of stimulation and now the dirty talk, it didn't take John long to shoot his load. "You're still a hot fuck! I'll gladly come fuck you any time." he said as his cock became limp and he withdrew from her.
Now it was Don's turn. Don had not lost his hardon. "Let me ride you cowgirl so you can watch my tits bounce," she said. Don was quickly on his back and was looking up at Patty and playing with her bouncy tits. "You like my titties, Don?" . . . "Did you like it when I took off my bikini top and pulled my nipples out of the netting of my fishnet dress?" . . . "Did that look sexy to you?" . . . "Did it make you want to fuck?" . . . "Did it make you want to fuck ME?" . . . "Fucking you is a fantasy come true." . . . "I dreamed of fucking a bodybuilder with a big black cock before I ever even knew what fucking was all about." . . . "I love your beautiful body, Don." . . . "Do you like my body?" . . . "Do you like putting your big black pole up into my white married pussy?" . . . "I love seeing your abs as you thrust your big black pole up into my slutty white cunt." . . . "I love seeing your massive chest and arms as you reach up to play with my titties!" . . . "I love the feel of your massive meat filling me up with pleasure." . . . "Fuck me, Don, fuck me with your massive black cock and make me your black cock whore!" While she was saying things like this she was working her hips and pelvis on his cock, creating sensations he had never felt before.
The feeling of Patty's tight pussy tugging on his cock, the sight of this beautiful white woman bouncing up and down on his cock, the stimulation that his cock was getting from her motions and the continual dirty talk coming from her mouth as they fucked was enough to drive Don over the edge, and he filled his condom with his spunk. He pulled Patty down on his chest. "Oh shit! That was the most intense fuck I've ever had. I've never met a woman as totally sexual as you. I love your body and I love the way you fuck," he said as he pulled her in for a kiss. They made out with his cock still in her, but it was getting limp. Finally when it came out Patty quickly moved down to it, took off the condom, sat upright, held the condom over her mouth and let Don's spunk flow down into her mouth. She swallowed it and then moved to his cock to clean it up with her mouth.
"We're not done yet," she said, and as she cleaned him off she brought him back to life. "I need another rubber," she said. Jim was there and gave her one which she now put on Don's cock. "Lube," she said, and Jim brought over some lube and started to lube up her asshole. When he was done she got on her back, raised her legs and brought them way back and said, "Now fuck my asshole."
Don mounted her and put his cock into her asshole. It was even tighter than her pussy. "Now fuck me," Patty said as she started playing with her clit with one hand and a nipple with the other. "Now you've had your cock in all my holes," she said. "Do you like fucking me?" she asked. "Am I as good as your other friends with benefits?"
Don picked up on this last question right away. Was she implying that she was now one of his friends with benefits and that he would get to do this again? She continued, "Do you like it when I dress sexy?" . . . "Would you go to a beach with me and walk around with both of us wearing the tiniest suit we could get away with?" . . . "Would you like me to dress up sexy and then take me somewhere to show me off to your friends?" . . . "Would you tell your friends that you're fucking me?" . . . "Would you like to watch one of your friends fuck me?" "Do you like me to be your dirty fucking slut?" . . . "Do you like me to act slutty?" . . . "Do you like it when I call myself your black cock whore?" . . . "Would you like to introduce me to your friends as your 'White Bitch,'" . . . "Fuck me with your big black cock!" . . . "Fuck my dirty fuckin' asshole with your great big black fuck pole." . . . "Make me your bitch, Baby."
Again, looking down at her, seeing her all shiny with oil and sweat, seeing her pretty face and her generous tits bouncing with each of his thrusts; feeling the tight sphincters of her rectum milking his cock; and hearing such filthy talk coming from such an innocent looking face, Don unleashed his second load of the night, exclaiming, "Aaargh, I'm cumming. I can't help it. You're too much. I'm cumming!"
And as Patty felt the sperm pulsing through his cock, she came, too, sending a torrent of her own female juices all over their mated sex organs. They were both exhausted. It did not take long for Don to come off of her and lay next to her. They stayed that way for some time, kissing and telling one another how incredibly hot their experience together had been. Eventually they stood up and Patty toweled Don off and he put on just a tiny very stretchy thong bottom of Patty's so he wouldn't be naked driving John back to the motel and driving himself home. He was also given a cloth painting tarp to use as a seat cover to sit on in his car as he drove home.
As soon as they left, Jim and Patty returned to the back yard and to the mattress and fucked in a variety of positions as they talked about what just happened and how hot it was. Patty, who was multi-orgasmic kept cumming and cumming, and Jim, who had good control but who also was usually good for three orgasms before running out of ammunition kept on fucking her outdoors until it became chilly. Then they moved indoors and continued fucking and napping and fucking some more until about 4 in the morning. When they fell into a deep, exhausted sleep.