Tia's Bucket List Ch. 05
---The Breastie and the Slog---
Hello everyone, it's Tia! Your fierce fashion reporter with a new bombshell post. My research into the fratworld had borne fruit. I found out how to pledge as a ΖΣΧ sister and became a bro bunny in the process. if that's not Pulitzer Prize worthy work, I don't know what is. Facts!
But whatever! After this smashing success, it was time to return to my roots, aka the world of fashion. Sadly, though, that sounds more interesting than it actually was. In fact, work at the Vonderstore turned out to be a real slog. But I wouldn't be everyone's favorite investigator if I wouldn't dig deeper. And so, I took a deep dive into human resource development measures that help you unlock your true potential. And I found smart ways to make work great again, believe me! But read for yourself, folks!
First things first, though. Before I was able to return to my life as a fashion intern, I had to extricate myself from a minor dilemma, or rather a major predicament. Here's a short reminder: As the final act in my journey to becoming a full-fledged bro bunny, Ben had kicked me out of the Yamos house. I understand why he was doing it. He was trying to get back at the Vondersluts for getting thrown out of the store by Mr. von Stein. It figures, but it didn't make the situation any less dangerous!
And so, I found myself standing in the front yard. Bear in mind, I was completely naked! The only thing covering my body were the red-hot 'ΖΣΧ SLUT' marks on my butt and the pink 'BUNNY BRO' playboy symbol on my lower back! Other than that, the rhinestone collar with silver chain and the red platform heels were the only items covering my skin. Long story short: I was butt naked in public!
The shock was written all over my face and I was trembling in every limb. I had never felt so much panic in my life! At first, I was too stunned to move, standing on the front lawn like rooted to the spot. When I finally caught myself, it was about damn time! The danger was sky-high! Looking around frantically, I noticed that Ben had closed the door. Oh shit! I was locked out! This was getting worse by the second! All my clothes were in the house. Not only that, but I was also missing my car keys and valuables! I had to get them back! No way around it!
My first impulse told me to run and hide. There were some bushes at the edge of the yard. I could disappear into them! From there, I could make my way around the house unnoticed. That sounded like a plan! But then my escape was cut short before it even started! A window opened and Ben's face appeared with a shit-eating grin plastered all over it. Handing out a bucket full of soap water, he set it on the lawn.
"Haul ass, bitch! Get to cleaning!" He told me point blank. "You're a bro bunny. That's part of the job!"
"You wanna get your stuff back?" He added with an undisguised threat in his voice. "Don't bum 'round looking stupid! Get a move on!"
Oh no! This had to be a daydream! But it wasn't. There was no way out! The longer I waited, the more the danger escalated. After all, I called him Mr. Merciless for a reason. The shitbird wouldn't give in! I had to play his game if I wanted to get out of this situation. Otherwise, I'd get caught sooner rather than later. Although I was on high alert, the irony wasn't lost on me! At our last encounter, the top bros had thrown my clothes out of the window, so I had to run outside butt naked. This time, I was nude outside, and my clothes were locked in the house. What a twist of fate!
And then I jumped! I heard a noise that frightened me. The sudden scare snapped me out of my stupor. Looking for the source of the sound, I saw a cat jumping on the neighbor's mailbox. What a stroke of luck! That had been close! Too close for comfort! I wouldn't be so lucky a second time. But at least, I was on the move now. And so, I kept going. Grabbing the bucket, I realized that the guys hadn't given me any kind of cleaning rags. These rotten bastards!
Of course, it was clear what the fratboys wanted me to do, and it sent a shiver down my spine. But it didn't matter, because I did it anyway, albeit reluctantly. Bending down, I dipped my hands into the soapy water and scooped it up. Raising my arms, I splashed the suds over my fabulous funbags until they were dripping wet. And that's how I pressed my bomb-ass boobs against the window. With circling motions, I slid my titty meat over the glass pane. It was cold as hell!
Truth be told, the position was perfect for the fratpals but terrible for me. Standing on the other side of the window, the Yamos bros saw my nipples get hard while my squishy snugglesacks bulged out on all sides. By contrast, I couldn't see what was happening behind me, as I had no view of the street! So, I was left to fate. Jesus!
And suddenly, I flinched. A horn sounded behind me. For fuck's sake! That was the last thing I needed. A vehicle drove past the frathouse! Shame burned on my cheeks, and I didn't dare turn around. I just hoped that the car would pass by real quick. And fortunately, it did! So, I started to hope against hope. Maybe, the driver hadn't seen me and my backside. Possibly, it was a neighbor who was used to pledging ceremonies. Everything was possible, right?
Anyway, the new scare had an instant effect on me. I cleaned the window with more fervor than ever. After all, I needed to get this thing over with as quickly as possible. And so, I finished the first window fast as fuck. Two more to go, then it would be over. But before I ever got there, I heard another noise behind me. This time, it was no horn, so I looked over my shoulder to see what it was.
And I froze on the spot! It was a cop car! No shit! A police car drove past the Yamos house. My legs turned to jello as I was seized by fear. The horror! The whole world seemed to move in slow motion. I got hot and cold as all sorts of scenarios popped into my head. I'd be arrested for indecent behavior! I'd have to spend the night in jail! I'd be fined! If I got convicted, I could lose my place in college. It would be the end of my internship at Vonderstone! This couldn't be happening! I needed the money and the college degree! My whole future was at stake!
But it was too late. No more chance to escape! So, I closed my eyes in despair. And at that moment, a miracle happened. The cop car drove on! Obviously, the officers were focused on something else. They must have overlooked me. How lucky can you get? In total disbelief, I stared after the car, but it kept going down the street. And that lit a fire under my butt. Hectically, I turned back to the window. Now, I was in a real rush to finish my job. Bet!
A second later, I heard a siren wailing. Oh fuck! The police car stopped two houses down the road. It was turning! All my hopes were dashed! The cops had seen me! They were coming back! It was over! I was done!
And that was the moment when I got grabbed by the arm. Someone took my hand and pulled me away. It wasn't until I was already running that I realized what was happening. It was Matt! What a sight for sore eyes! He told me that Chet had called him. Luckily, he had been nearby. I guess, Colton had been right: Fortune favors fools!
My manager was my last lifeline, and he knew where he was going! Pulling me around the house, he pushed me up against the wall. And not a second too soon! My naked ass got out of sight a second before the car stopped in front of the property. For the moment, the officers had lost sight of me, but I wasn't out of danger yet! I breathed heavy as hell and my bomb-ass bouncers quaked on my chest. I heard the cops get out of the car and start walking up to the house. The search for me was about to begin.
And once again, Matt reacted first. He grabbed my hand and pulled me to the backyard where I spotted a conspicuous feature in the hedge. In between all the moss and greenery, there was a door. It was totally overgrown so it was hard to spot. And my luck didn't stop there! As a Yamos alum, Matt had a key! How about that? Real quick, he opened the door and led me to the adjacent property. As he informed me, it was the ΖΣΧ sorority. Since they frequently threw parties together, they used each other's basements to store beer kegs and stuff like that. It figures!
For this reason, members of the Yamos executive board had keys and Matt had never given his one back. How great was that? Not only did the key open the garden door, but also the door to the basement. And so, we slipped into the neighboring house, just when we heard the cops ringing at the Yamos door. The fratboys had given me their pearly gifts as parting presents, and I had gifted them a visit from the police in return. That sounded about fair, didn't it? Anyway, I had escaped! It was only by a hair's width, and it wouldn't have been possible without my manager's help. But whatever! You must make hay when the sun shines, right?
---Bunny is honest to a fault---
My escape had been successful. But it had been more than enough excitement for the moment. So, I decided to take a short break from my sexventures. I was busy dealing with the aftermath anyway. First, there were the voting cards. The moment when the ballots came out was the most shameful thing I had ever experienced! It made me feel like a total fuckdoll. The objectification was real! At the same time, though, it triggered a rush of hormones and got me all horned up. This was so conflicting!
And believe me, folks, I was just as torn about the second repercussion, aka my sore ass. On the one hand, you have all the aftereffects. I for one could barely sit for a couple of days and walked real funny. On the other hand, it's the gift that keeps on giving. Whenever my sore sphincter twitched, it was a brilliant reminder of the emotional explosion I had experienced. I must admit anal orgasms hit different! And the aftermath doesn't last forever. No need to worry, my ass is fine now! In fact, my butt is better than ever. Thanks for asking! Anyway, I think you can see the conflict! And that's why I made a decision. My butt is reserved for special occasions. Every now and then, it's dope! But only as a special treat. It's not meant for regular use. You could say my pussy is the moneyhole and my ass is the bonushole. Period!
As you see, I was busy dealing with my personal affairs. At the same time, though, a lot of things happened at work. As you know, the mood at the Vonderstore was lousy. After Holly had gotten into a fight with our manager, we were on thin ice. The threat of dismissal loomed large. One more misstep and we'd get fired. Of course, that was totally unfair! I hadn't done anything wrong, and yet the old-ass owner lumped us both together. To him, we were a pair of whiny, lazy millenitards. And there was nothing that could change his mind. End of story!
And that's why, I moved around the store like I was walking on eggshells. After all, I didn't want to make a mistake. There was no way I could afford to get fired, so I covered all my bases. I even told Matt that we had to stop our fun time during break time. Needless to say, he didn't like that! And so, he came up with a new idea. The trust fund baby told me my job was safe if I obeyed his orders like a docile dummy. The more I'd follow his instructions, the more he'd stand up for me. Such a pretentious player!
But it was my only option! And so, I got a new work routine. Since then, I've been getting up half an hour earlier every workday to spend some sexy time before getting ready for work. Let me tell you, this is super hard for me because I'm a night owl and not an early bird. Nonetheless, I use the time to watch porn while fingering my pussy. When I'm getting close to cumming, I have to stop because I'm not allowed to climax. I must edge instead. And I have to do it twice. This is so wicked! And it messes me up because it leaves me horny as hell. Not only that, but the denial also makes me needy and bubbly. Or as Matt likes to call it, bimboy!
Of course, I'm always ready to read the riot act to anyone who calls me a bimbo. But I'm hardly in a position to deny it. My edging routine makes me act like a ditzy dummy at work and a spunky slut after work. This totally reinforces the bimbo cliché and makes it increasingly difficult to disprove. In fact, I've become low-key famous with customers. They know me as the hugger now! I don't really like it, but it helps with the upselling, so I let it slide. After all, I have bigger things to worry about!
And I bet you know where this is going, folks! Of course, it was bound to happen! No matter how hard I tried to play by the rules, Holly's temper was our downfall. No one ever said that our skeevy supervisor was a master salesman, but he was the store manager and the owner's son, so everyone overlooked his flaws. Everyone? Not quite! At one point, Holly blew her fuse and broke the unspoken rule. Sorry to say, but my bae acted like a bull in a China store when she addressed the elephant in the room and challenged Matt. How stupid can you be?
In the end, the two made a bet to see who got the better sales skills. Their target was a middle-aged woman looking to buy lingerie for her husband's birthday. So, what's your guess, folks? Whose advice did the customer follow? The answer is obvious! She followed Matt's lead! What a surprise... not! After all, the machofucker knows best what hot-blooded men want in bed and the wifey wanted to please her hubby. Go figure!
And that left Holly with a pile of gambling debts she couldn't settle, so she had to find an alternative way to pay it back. And the rest was inevitable! I don't need to spell it out for you, do I? It didn't take long until my bestie experienced how it feels to be fiercely fucked by the cocky player in the storeroom. Unleashing the stud, the mean mofo rode my bae hard and put her away wet. She definitely looked disheveled afterwards. So, I suspect that she enjoyed the shit out of it, even if she'll never admit it. Bet!
But then things took a dramatic turn. Mr. von Stein caught them red-handed. And that was the end of the line. As the owner of the Vonderstone brand, he had given us fair warning! He had repeatedly told us that one more misstep would be enough. And this, was more than a small blunder. It was an epic fail! So, the boss had no other choice. As a leader, he had to make an example! Acting tough but consistent, he grabbed Holly and threw her out of the store. As a special note, he kicked her out the backdoor, so she ended up naked and confused in the dingy alley. The irony!
Of course, this had a huge impact on my bestie. Catching her unprepared, it brought her world crashing down! Despite our humble beginnings, my bae had never experienced such a setback before, so she had a hard time dealing with her misfortune. She was down in the dumps and couldn't stop looking at the negative side of things. In fact, her thoughts became dangerously one-sided as she was pre-occupied with her deficits and failures. I'm no therapist, but this wasn't good for her mental health! Period!
That's why I tried to cheer her up. To get her out of the house, I suggested that she could pick me up after work, so we could go to afterwork events together. I hoped it would take her mind off things. It was a good start but not enough to bring back her happiness. So, I took it one step further and proposed to reconnect with our old friends from high school. I figured it would be a nice distraction to gossip about old times. And it worked out just fine! Holly was back in a good mood, and I was beginning to think we had turned a page.
But then everything came to a head. I hadn't been allowed to cum in the days leading up to our high school reunion, so I was ultra horny, which made me all gushy and spontaneous. Even though that was nothing unusual, things escalated when I got into another argument with my dad. After listening to his baseless accusations for hours, I desperately needed a distraction. Following my first impulse, I went to the beauty salon. But this time, a mani-pedi wasn't enough. I needed something drastic to counterbalance the radical changes in my life. And so, I decided to get a tattoo. You read that right, folks! I've never told you before, but I'm a big fan of tats. And yet, I've always been cautious about getting my own ink. So far, I've had four tiny tats: three stars behind each ear, a treble clef on my right inner wrist, and a bass clef on my left inner wrist. The stars symbolize my drive to shoot for the moon and the clefs symbolize my love of music. Clever and creative, just like me!
However, my days of being cautious are over! My brand-new ink is much more prominent. Since flowers symbolize femininity and the transition from purity to passion, I chose a floral design. It starts with a cherry blossom on the bridge of my left foot. From there, a vine winds its way up the outside of my leg, with several cherry blossoms in between, until it reaches my knee. The whole tattoo is done in black ink, which gives it a delicate and graceful look. All told, it's elegant and exceptional. Period!
Of course, it took some time to get the tattoo done, so I was late to pick Holly up. Even though she had all the time in the world, she was totally upset. And it didn't get any better after that. When we met our old high school friends, my new tattoo was the talk of the town, and Holly felt overshadowed. Nobody meant her any harm, but she took it as another setback. It triggered a tantrum, and she accused me of stealing her spotlight. Can you imagine? I had only ever supported her. I didn't deserve these accusations! Definitely not! And so, we got into a heated argument.
Safe to say, it's time for Holly to grow up and learn that she's not the center of the universe. Her actions have consequences, not only for her but for everyone else as well. In fact, the repercussions of her firing were just as dramatic for me as they were for her. After all, it caused a ton of problems. Remember, the patriarch kept lumping us salesgirls together, because one millenitard is as stupid as the other. For this reason, it was clear to him that I bore as much blame as my bestie. Totally unfair, but there was nothing I could do about it! Promise!
Don't get me wrong, folks! I can stand some heat. But to make matters worse, our sales figures were dropping like stones, so there was a lot of finger-pointing going around. And with Holly gone, I became the main target. For the boss, it wasn't the outdated fashion or the lack of leadership, it was all on the millenicunt and no one else! As a result, I was on thinner ice than ever. I was practically on pins and needles, waiting to be fired any moment. This was a disaster!
And it was all Holly's fault! She had put us both in this position. I had warned her more times than I could count. So, you can imagine that I wasn't just angry, I was pissed off. And rightfully so! As usual, though, my anger only lasted a few days. After all, best friends have to stick together, for better or for worse. And so, I couldn't look at Holly's sad face for long, especially as she was hiding in her mom's basement, getting lost in her fashion blog. Something had to change! It was about time for my bae to regain her positive attitude. Bet!
That was a noble endeavor, but I didn't know how to go about it. The question occupied my mind for several days until I had a flash of inspiration. What if I could kill two birds with one stone? Getting my bestie her job back would be great. Securing my own employment in the process would be even better. Crossing off another item on my bucket list at the same time would be perfect! A win-win-win situation!
---Pumpkin walks the parking lot---
When I told Holly about my plan, she was ecstatic! And that was the starting signal for a history-making workday. Actually, my plan was simple but effective. I knew that Mr. von Stein came to the Vonderstore every Friday to get the weekly progress report. Like clockwork, he always arrived after lunch, so I spent my break waiting for him in the parking lot. Our boss didn't know it yet, but this week was going to be special! Promise!
And yet, I didn't just wait around like any other salesclerk! This was way too important, so I didn't leave anything to chance. Before I got to work, I took extra time to do my hair and makeup. Wearing my blonde locks down, the loose beach waves gave me a bouncy style full of movement that perfectly matched my bubbly demeanor. But that wasn't all! At work, I put on a special outfit. Even though I wasn't in the store, I applied the Vondermove. Tying my myrtle green top underneath my big-ass boobs, I revealed my toned tummy. Pulling up my shiny black wetlook booty shorts. I also showed off my cameltoe. As cherry on top, I wore black matte knee-high platform boots from the store's crazy heels section that featured a 7.5" heel and 3.5" platform. Mr. von Stein had specifically picked them out for Holly, so I figured that it was the best way to put him in a good mood. Bet!
While waiting for the old-ass owner to arrive, I stayed close to the building. To be honest, I did my best not to be seen by the customers entering the mall. After all, my sassy appearance was reserved for my boss and not for gawkers. And there was no doubt that my outfit was as saucy as it gets. Frankly, conservos would say the combination of crop top, cameltoe, and knee-high platform boots made me look like a slut. No doubt about it!
And yet, I managed to attract no attention until Mr. von Stein's car finally pulled into the parking lot. I scoffed when I saw the vehicle. The patriarch was driving an expensive luxury SUV. What a surprise... not! Of course, he had money to spend on his car while paying his interns less than minimum wage. You have to show your status after all. It figures!
Anyway, I didn't want to take any chances, so I walked right up to my boss when he parked. Staying close to the cars, I steered clear of the open lane to avert being seen by any customers. As soon as I stepped into the parking space, I tapped on the driver's window. I wanted to catch the owner's attention before he got out of his vehicle. When he heard the sound, he seemed surprised but rolled down the window, nonetheless. That was a good start!
But then Mr. von Stein caught me off guard. Before I had the chance to lean into the window, he drove out of the parking space. Holy shit! What the fuck was that? Real slow, the patriarch let his car roll to the end of the lane before he stopped. His intention was clear! He wanted me to chase after him! Son of a bitch! He was lucky I was on a mission! Otherwise, I wouldn't have played along with this dirty trick. Absolutely not!
Highly annoyed, I stared after the car. This wasn't how I had imagined this thing to begin. But then I followed the vehicle. After all, I wasn't willing to give up my plan over such a minor matter. And so, I tottered down the lane in my platform boots. There was no more protection! The sun was shining brightly, and the parking lot was wide open, making me easy to spot. I had never felt so exposed in my life, and that was a good thing.
At least, in theory! Being a clever blonde, I had picked an item on my bucket list that fit my plan. And that item was exhibitionism! In practice, however, things looked totally different. Presenting the super slutty outfit on a silver platter hit different! And it made me nervous as hell! To make matters worse, the heels made loud, clacking sounds on the asphalt. And it attracted everybody's attention! Suddenly, all eyes were on me! And all the customers showed the same reaction.
Their first look went to my knee-high boots, and the expressions were clear. The black boots definitely deserved the name 'hooker hooves'. From there, the gazes roamed upwards to my cameltoe, my bare belly, and finally the bulging top. With each eyecatcher, the expressions became clearer. The customers took me for a street walker! And I blushed in response! For a moment, I prayed that no one would call the cops. My last run-in with the police was still fresh in my mind and I didn't need a repeat. I might have gotten away scot-free once, but it wouldn't go so well a second time. Definitely not!
And yet, the Vonderowner had no mercy, toying with me relentlessly. The moment I reached the car, he stepped on the gas and drove into the next lane. The roar of the engine drowned out the clacking of my prostiboots and the customers' interest multiplied. Holy shit! He might as well make an announcement over the mall speakers: 'Deal of the day! Hooker in Vonderfit! Meet her in the parking lot and pay half the price for clothes and holes.' Oh jeez! What a nasty idea! My imagination was already running wild. Bet!
Even though my nervousness was escalating, the patriarch didn't stop! Over and over again, he repeated the game of chase and catch, guiding me all across the whole damn parking lot as if leading me on an invisible leash. What a walk of shame! At long last, the old-ass owner drove his flashy car into a parking box at the other end of the lot. And truth be told, I wouldn't have lasted much longer! I was on the verge of canceling this whole thing. Facts!
But now, the hardest part was over, wasn't it? To be honest, I wasn't so sure, so I literally took the bull by the horns. As soon as the old chap lowered the side window, I stuck my head through the opening. As a certified buzzerfly, I started talking right away. After all, you always have to play to your strength, don't you? And so, I praised Holly to the skies, telling the boss that my bae was a visionary designer and the kind of top talent a company like Vonderstone couldn't afford to lose.
"Hey you, spring chicken!" The patriarch interrupted me rudely. "Forgot your name so I'll just call you big-boob bird! Anyway, you bash ears!"
"No clue what you're babbling 'bout, but I wasn't listening anyway." He took the wind right out of my sails. "So let's get the important stuff outta the way. Show me your tits! After that, you can lay it on me."
Oh my god! That was too much! Big boss or not, he was coming on way too strong. Even though he was old as dirt, he was still totally tit-fixated! Like father like son, I guess! Nonetheless, his blunt talk hit me unprepared and stunned me to the core. I wanted to retract asap, but it was too late for that. I got hot and cold when I realized that I hadn't just stuck my head through the window. I had pushed my entire upper body through the opening, so my toned tummy was resting on the bottom frame. As a result, my bomb-ass bouncers dangled down my chest, bulging out the green top. And that was the moment it hit me! All the time I had been talking, the old fart had been staring at my titties. No wonder he had been distracted!
But then I noticed something else. The Vonderowner was dead serious! He wouldn't allow any discussion. The hierarchy was clear! He gave the order and the employee obeyed. That left me with two options. Either I flashed my boobies, or he paid no attention to me. Fair and square! So, what did I have to lose? After all, my fantastic funbags were awesome assets! I should use them to my advantage if they guaranteed me success, shouldn't I? Anything else would be stupid! And I was a clever blonde!
For this reason, I did as I was told. After all, I had to seize the opportunity because I was in the perfect position. With my big-ass boobs hanging inside the car, they were protected from prying eyes, so it was something like a safe space! And that's why I didn't hesitate. Pulling the green fabric down, my fluffy fleshpillows plopped out of the top and dangled off my chest. Feast your eyes on that, old fucker!
All right! Job well done! Glad we got that out of the way. Now, I could get on with my gushing praise. But wait! I didn't even get to say a word because Mr. von Stein was faster than me. Firmly grabbing both my boobs, he began to knead my titty meat. As if he had a right to my tits! His cheek was astounding! But then again, he was the boss, and I was his employee. I guess the old-ass owner assumed that his interns were also his Vondertoys. And accordingly, all my assets had to be accessible to him at all times. Weird flex, but OK!
To be honest, I can't deny that his impudence triggered my lust. And that realization took my breath away! As a result, I kept silent while the old fart massaged my big-ass bangers. Less bubbly babbling, more nasty kneading! That's the way to go! And the patriarch took his sweet time mauling my fabulous funbags! As if he were squeezing melons in a supermarket to see if they were ripe and ready to buy. And that's exactly how I felt. Like merchandise that was up for grabs! Apparently, it was a tough call because the boss needed a hell of a long time. When he was finally done, I sighed in exasperation. Despite the distraction, though, I managed to pick up where I left off, praising Holly to high heaven. Good girl!
"Yeah, lemme stop you right there, big-boob bird!" Mr. von Stein interrupted me before I could really get started. "I'm still distracted by those big fat tits! With those milk fountains you got a helluva dairy farm right there. You just turned my car into an ice cream truck."
Seriously? Milk fountains? The old fart couldn't sound any more like a boomer even if he tried. That totally riled me up! But then again, it was meant as a compliment. And being praised was so much better than heaping praise on others. I know I'm a sucker for compliments! So, I let the old sod have his way with my bomb-ass boobs while I shut up and savored the sensations. It almost made me forget my assignment until I got startled by a noise in the parking lot. Scalding hot, I remembered that my ass was still hanging out of the vehicle. What a wakeup call!
And so, I quickly got back to singing my bestie's praise. No sooner had I started raving about Holly's skills than the patriarch grabbed my nipples. Damnit! He pinched my puffies hard! And the titty twister threw me off my game! As he rolled my teats between his fingertips, I began to stutter. But he didn't let up. The more the brash boomer massaged my nipples the more I moaned until my praise became unintelligible. Sorry, sis!
Believe me, I tried to stay on topic, but the boss' overbearing manner was too infuriating! Reacting in a bitchy way, I broke into a discussion about HR methods. Talking myself into a frenzy, I lost focus. Instead of pointing out Holly's skill, I accused the Vonderowner of unfair business practices. What a great idea... not! My boss didn't like my tone, and he wouldn't allow an intern to criticize him. Definitely not!
Real quick, Mr. von Stein let me feel that I had overshot the mark. But not as expected! This time, he didn't grab my nipples but tugged on my hair. Everything happened in a flash, and before I knew it, I got pulled into the car until my hips rested on the window frame. Losing my footing, I once again found myself hanging like a sack of laundry over a clothesline! What a déjà vu!
Panic gripped me as I realized that I was trapped. My feet flailed around on the outside while my head was held on the inside. Unlike me, however, Mr. von Stein was super chill. Opening his pants, he fished out his cock. And when I saw it, I was so shocked that I stopped in my tracks. Holly had reverently referred to it as a coke can and I can confirm that assessment. He was thick as a motherfucker! If you ask me, it was a goddamn meatcleaver!
And with that, I wanted to change my tune and sing the praise of his prick. I'm a horny hussy like that! But the grumpy geezer wasn't interested in my talk, he only cared about my warm, wet holes. It didn't matter that his thick dick barely fit through my lips. Nor did it matter that I was still speaking when he plugged my chatterbox. My mouth was nothing but a cocksocket for his boss boner! Son of a bitch! One minute, I was discussing HR practices, and the next my speech got choked off by man meat. For a few strokes, I mumbled words around the shaft, but the vibration spurred the patriarch to thrust harder and deeper. So, talking was quickly replaced by gagging. Bet!
"Sure enough, you sound like blondie blockhead! That shit's barely intelligible. Say again? What you wanna tell me?" Mr. von Stein asked slyly when he pulled my head off his cock.
Jesus! It's not what you say, but how you say it, right? In this case, the boomer's words seemed super snarky. He made it sound like all of this was business as usual. As if I was making mountains out of molehills! And once again, his impudence got me all worked up.
"Oh, man! Hard to believe but role-plays are older than you, sir! For real!" I hurled new accusations at my boss as soon as he lifted my head off his cock. "That thing you pulled on Holly? It's totally unfair! No cap! It's also dishonest. I tho... ogh ogh... ooogh ooogh..."
And then the Vonderowner shut me up in mid-sentence. Pulling my mouth over his prick, he turned my words into a gush of gags.
"Swear to Buddha! Nobody can listen to that lip flapping!" The old sod remarked dismissively. "Who are you? Mrs. Valley Girl or what?"
"Ugh ugh ugh..." I gagged back.
"That squeaky voice gives me a fucking headache!" The grumpy geezer didn't mince words. "That gagging sounds much more pleasant."
"Sure as shit, you got lucky there, blondie!" He patronized me. "You look that hot, you don't need to sound smart."
"Urrrgh urrrgh urrrgh..." I responded with full-throated chokes.
"I think I'll call you pumpkin from now on. The lights are on, but no one's home." The old-ass owner suggested. "You agree with the name, sweet cheeks?"
"Huuurrrgh huuurrrgh huuurrrgh ..." I wanted to protest but ended up gagging at the top of my lungs.
"That's good!" He deliberately misinterpreted my response. "Tho, it looks like you got lots to learn. Nobody wants to hear a pumpkin speak. Let your throat do the talking."
And finally, Mr. von Stein pulled my head off his dick. But I was too out of breath to set the record straight. Instead of speaking, I opted to take a breather. And that proved to be wise foresight. Like I said, clever blonde!
"Let's give it a try!" The old chap suggested next. "Lemme sum up that shit. Pumpkin thinks Holly's firing was unfair?"
And when I opened my mouth to respond, he shoved my face back on his boner. Drilling it down my throat, he made me gag real hard. So, the break was officially over!
"Ack! Huuurrrgh! Huuurrrgh! Huuurrrgh... Ack! Huuurrrgh!" I choked as my boomer boss varied between short and long strokes.
"That's a yes then!" He stated. "So you're telling me I shoulda fired both of you millenitards for blatant misconduct?"
"Huuurrrgh! Ack... Ack... Ack ack... Huuurrrgh! Ack!" The patriarch made me gag instead of letting me answer.
"That sounds like a no!" The old sod concluded.
"Lookit! Pumpkin ain't wanna be fired. How selfish!" He exclaimed in mock surprise. "Here I thought you millenicunts are thick as thieves! But I guess, you're called generation ego for a reason, right?"
Oh wow! Could he be any more audacious? That's no way for a boss to talk to a young employee. And once again, the old-ass owner lumped us all together. As if us millennials had no independent opinions. Jesus!
"So tell me, sweet cheeks! You think my leadership style's outdated?" Mr. von Stein asked while keeping my mouth plugged with his prick.
"Ack! Huuurrrgh! Huuurrrgh! Huuurrrgh... Ack! Huuurrrgh!" He picked up where he left off, making me respond by rhythmically pumping his cock down my throat.
"Yeah! No wonder you're saying yes, or should I say you're choking out a yes, pumpkin?" He translated my answer. "You ain't got no experience with real work. Be glad you got that internship. Looks like you're not just a quacking duck, but a lucky duck! Hehehe!"
"Now that I got a better picture of you two millenitards, I gotta say I shoulda cut both of your salaries." He concluded to my dismay. "You both did a miserable job. Worst interns ever!"
For fuck's sake! This was going anything but according to plan. With each statement, Mr. von Stein's accusations got worse. But the last one took the cake! He was already paying us less than minimum wage. There was nothing left to cut! I would have giggled at the absurdity if my throat hadn't been stuffed with man meat. Promise!
"Huuurrrgh! Ack... ack... ack ack! Huuurrrgh! Ack!" The grumpy geezer made me gag again.
And finally, I managed to identify the second rhythm.
"That's a no then! Damn, where's the loyalty in you millenicunts?" He said derisively.
"What 'bout taking a pay cut to save your gal pal's job?" He asked rhetorically. "Nah, pumpkin won't do that! What kinda breastie are you?"
Oh my god! This was so presumptuous! He acted like the stereotype of a boomer boss. He might have been the Vonderowner, but he still made most of this stuff up, totally twisting the truth. Now, I knew where his son got his penchant for alternative facts.
"So you're saying Holly ain't to blame for that case of indecent behavior in the storage room?" Mr. von Stein inquired.
And finally, we got to the issue at hand. Now, we were talking! But not so fast! The grumpy geezer changed his approach. Letting go of my hair, he stopped moving my head! I needed a moment to realize that the old sod was waiting for me to take action. He wanted me to fuck my face in the right rhythm. For heaven's sake! That would take the degradation to the next level!
But the patriarch didn't act without reason! He had noticed that I had figured out the rhythm. And he was right! It had taken until the last statement for the light to go on in my head, but eventually I had realized that there were two rhythms: one for yes and one for no. The 'choke-don't-tell' method had to be Morse code! And now that I had solved the puzzle, my boss wanted me to prove that I had fully understood the gag code. Jesus Christ!
"Ack! Huuurrrgh! Huuurrrgh! Huuurrrgh... Ack! Huuurrrgh!" I tried my best to recreate the rhythm.
"You're saying it's custom to fuck at the store during work?" The old-ass owner dug deeper. "You're doing it on the regular, pumpkin? With customers? To make sales? Good to know!"
Damnit! I didn't like his translation, but I couldn't deny that it contained a grain of truth. While praising Holly, I had told my boss that my bae had reinterpreted the purpose of the storeroom only once. Others had done it regularly. So, his dismissal was based on differential treatment and that wasn't permissible. Big talk! And now, I had to suffer big consequences! Apparently, the old sod had drawn his own conclusion from my statement, assuming that I was the regular user. That was true, but it wasn't the issue here! My behavior wasn't the focus! Period!
"Ack! Huuurrrgh! Huuurrrgh! Huuurrrgh... Ack! Huuurrrgh!" I affirmed his question, nonetheless.
Holy shit! The 'choke-don't-tell' method was humiliating as hell! It made me feel so stupid! And even more incompetent! My boss didn't even trust me to give sales advice. With the new technique, he basically demoted me from salesgirl to meat mannequin. My big tits and wet holes were the only selling points I had to offer. And yet, this was nothing new. In fact, it sounded like the vulgar version of Ditzy-the-Dummy. Bet!
"Good to know you're the bad apple that spoils the barrel. Now, we know who put Holly up to it! Guess it's true then, never trust anyone under thirty." Mr. von Stein concluded from my answer. "No wonder, tho! With your looks you think you can get away with murder, don't you pumpkin?"
Hell no! That was definitely not what I had meant! The insinuation was totally unfair! But I couldn't refute it. He only had to do ask his son to find out the truth. Oh fuck! I was so screwed!
"Huuurrrgh! Ack... ack... ack ack! Huuurrrgh! Ack!" I needed no prompt to respond.
Even though I said no with my throat, I tried to do it in the most pleasing way possible. In fact, I tried to give my boss the best possible throatjob to distract him from the truth. After all, he might drop the subject after busting his nut. There was still a chance for me to get off lightly, so I had to give it a go. Period!
"This leaves me without choice!" The grumpy geezer replied. "I'm forced to fire the main culprit. You gotta root out the problem! My hands are tied. So sorry!"
Holy shit! My plan had gone off the rails! This conversation was headed in the wrong direction, and I couldn't even be upset about it. I had dug my own grave by giving my boss plenty of ammunition to outmaneuver me. I guess, I had acted like a clever blonde... not! But anyway, everyone makes a mistake... sometimes.
"Huuurrrgh! Ack... ack... ack ack! Huuurrrgh! Ack!" I tried to make up for it by fucking my face so hard that tons of drool squirted from my mouth.
"Meanwhile at the ranch, you think you deserve a second chance? Just coz you're a big-boob bird?" The patriarch summed up my answer.
"That sounds like preferential treatment to me." He mocked my previous argument. "But hey, I've never been one to judge a book by its cover. I'ma gonna judge a millenitard by her bimbo skills."
Fucking hell! Did you hear him call me the forbidden b-word? It upset me to no end! How many times do I have to repeat myself? I was a lot of things but definitely no bimbo! Who the hell had told him such nonsense? Out of sheer rage, I fucked my face harder on his damned dick than ever before. My goal was to say no as clearly as possible. And that, of course, had undesirable side effects. The gagging was particularly pathetic and the slobber extra slimy. Disgusting but necessary!
"Huuurrrgh! Ack... ack... ack ack! Huuurrrgh! Ack!" I gagged loud and clear.
"So... did I get that right?" My boss inquired slightly surprised. "Pumpkin ain't want a second chance?"
Oh, no! I mean, yes! I mean, my response wasn't about second chances. I was denying that I was a bimbo. But I can see that my answer was confusing. I guess the clever blonde had said goodbye and the airhead-with-airbags had taken its place. So, I hectically cleared things up.
"Ack! Huuurrrgh! Huuurrrgh! Huuurrrgh... Ack! Huuurrrgh!" I affirmed twice as loud and twice as often. "Ack! Huuurrrgh! Huuurrrgh! Huuurrrgh... Ack! Huuurrrgh!"
To my shock, I didn't even think about speaking anymore. Instead, I simply lowered my head and fucked my face in the right rhythm. This was slowly becoming second nature to me. Scary but exciting! As if it mattered at the moment! It was obvious where this was going. All that mattered was seizing the opportunity. We all know that I'm not the best salesgirl, so there was only one way I could earn a second chance. With sex of course, duh!
So, we were in agreement for once! But Mr. von Stein still managed to catch me off-guard. Grabbing my shoulders, he pushed me out of the window. Oh my god! What the fuck was happening? We were about to get the action started, why was he pushing me away? It took me a moment to realize that it was the right call, because it snapped me out of my dickdaze.
Believe it or not, I had totally forgotten that I was still hanging in the driver's door. But what did you expect? With everything that was going on, there was too much information for an airhead-with-airbags to consider all at once. And so, a shiver ran down my spine as I imagined how many customers had seen my half-naked ass in the tiny wetlook pants. 2, 5, 10? I couldn't tell! And frankly, I preferred not to know.
Anyway, this didn't mean that I was out of danger! When my head reappeared from the window, I had to react real quick. After all, I had to pull up my top before someone saw me with my tits out! While I was busy rearranging my outfit, Mr. von Stein opened the driver's door and got out. Paying no attention to me, he opened the backdoor and sat down behind the driver's seat. The big-ass luxury car was literally chromed decadence and offered massive interior space, an advantage the old sack wanted to exploit. Making himself comfortable, he pulled his pants down and spread his legs. With an unmistakable gesture, he beckoned me to his manspread. Still unsteady, I stumbled over to him. Sexy was different!
And so, I made a mental note to practice my hooker walk in prostiboots over the next few days. But I digress! Despite the massive space, the patriarch wouldn't let me in. Pointing at his dick, it stuck out like a broadsword, confirming my previous assessment. It truly was a meatcleaver! And it had a hypnotic effect on me, instantly putting me in a dicktrance. Unable to take my eyes off the fat fuckstick, I needed my boss to take my hand and guide me. Oh jeez! I truly was his Vondertoy!
Stumbling behind the open door, I bent over until my terrific titties dangled down my chest and hovered above the owner boner. I knew what was coming and I was glad that the open door covered my body shielding me from unwanted gazes. At least, that was an improvement!
"You see, that's what we called free love back in the day." The patriarch joked. "You know what they say: if the van's rockin' don't come knockin'! Hehehe!"
"Let's start with your main skills, sweet cheeks!" He challenged me. "Show me what you can do with those fat fucking fleshcans. From the looks of it, I'm expecting a helluva lot!"
Oh wow! No pressure, right? Whatever! I was so excited that I couldn't wait to get the banging started. Fortunately, the boss boner was already covered with so much drool that it needed no further lube. And so, I wrapped my titty meat around his thick prick. As if I were trying to smother his stick with my fluffy fleshpillows! Highly motivated, I began to give the old-ass owner the best tittyfuck of his life. Sliding my fat fleshpads up and down, I increased the speed until I was practically wanking his dick like a human masturbator. I was nothing but a cheap jerktoy for my rich-ass boss! Jesus Christ!
Obviously, Mr. von Stein liked the tittyfucking because he let me caress his cock extensively. He must have figured that it was time for the millenicunt to know hard work! And I definitely learned to labor! As much as I basked in his appreciation, it was getting exhausting! Keeping my legs straight in a bent-over posture was tiring and my knees began to wobble. I knew I couldn't hold the position much longer. All too soon, I'd sink to the ground. But I wasn't willing to let that happen! No way! Never in my life would I kneel on the dirty concrete of a public parking lot!
Lucky me, the old sod noticed that my strength was waning. I couldn't tell if it was his age or his experience, but he proved to be more prudent than his son and the rest of the top bros. Grabbing my loose locks, he pulled me into his SUV and didn't stop until I was lying belly down on his lap. Oh my god! Once again, I was hanging around like laundry on a clothesline. This was becoming a thing, and I couldn't stop it! Quite the opposite! The position triggered my submissiveness and pushed me into subspace. Fucking hell!
And yet, the position brought another effect. My buns of steel were freely accessible to the brash boomer. Oh no! He shouldn't! He couldn't! Remember, what he had done to Holly at the Vonderstore? He had given her a spanking to put her in her place. He wouldn't do that to me, would he? Please don't! I had already gotten a good thrashing from the fratboys. I had learned my lesson! Discipline was already crossed off my bucket list. Period!
There was no need for a repeat! But I still held my breath and waited for the inevitable. Taking advantage of my tension, my boss caught me on the wrong foot. Mr. von Stein didn't slap my ass but grabbed my booty shorts. He crumpled up the black wetlook fabric until my ass cheeks popped out. He even managed to make my big swollen snatchflaps slip out left and right. Grabbing the scrunched-up fabric, he used it like a string, sliding it through my sloppy slit. That hit the spot! The sensations assaulted my clit, making me hornier than ever. Gosh!
And with that, I suddenly found myself in a public parking lot, moaning lewdly and lustfully. Holy shit! This wasn't intentional! I actually wanted to prevent it at all costs! But I couldn't help it! As long as the patriarch kept sliding the string through my slit, I was wax in his hands. An airhead-with-airbags couldn't multitask but had to concentrate on one thing at a time. And so, I focused on groaning loudly and wriggling wildly until I left a wet spot on the expensive leather! Priorities!
But then the boomer boss decided that his Vondertoy was ready for the next step. Pulling my booty shorts down to my ankles, he exposed my pussy for the world to see! I frantically glanced over my shoulder to make sure that we were still safe. Unlike me, however, the old chap wasn't fazed by the danger. Pushing me into the cowgirl position, I found myself looking at his crinkly face while my cunt hovered over his thick prick. And then, he lowered my throbbing twat onto his big rod. Oh my god! The cuntcleaver lived up to his name, literally splitting my slit.
And for a few seconds, my vag muscles resisted. But it was in vain! With a jolt, the owner boner popped into my hotbox. The air caught in my throat as I felt his massive man meat stuffing me chock-full. The sensations of the sudden stretching surged through me, and I grunted like a bitch in heat. Encouraged by my moans, the old sod grabbed my hips and moved my body up and down. Taking the cue, I began to ride him savage as sin. As I humped him hard, the patriarch let go and watched my tremendous titties swing and sway. The faster I rode, the wilder my bangers bounced. What a sexy sight!
For a while, Mr. von Stein watched the spectacle before he reached behind me. Putting his hands on my back, he pushed me forward until my titty meat smacked him right in the face. My soft, squishy snugglesacks practically slapped him around the ears! This was insane! But I loved how much he appreciated my bimbo skills. This was my chance to prove my worth to the Vonderstone brand! And I was hell-bent on making the most of it. Bet!
"Brrr... brrr... brrr!" The old-ass owner made a bunch of lip-swinging sounds when he buried his face in my fluffy fleshpillows.
Oh wow! Moving his head back and forth, my boss motorboated the shit out of my bomb-ass bouncers. Jesus! The patriarch was old as dirt, and yet he turned into a kid at Christmas morning when he saw a pair of glorious grabbags! If that wasn't proof of my skills! Apparently, however, flexibility was another bimbo skill because the old chap decided to test a new position. Keeping his cock in my cunt, he turned his Vondertoy around. Oh my god! I felt like a nut being turned on a bolt. I guess that's why they call it a female screw. Facts!
"Looks like someone's been a paper shaker!" The grumpy geezer concluded when he saw my flexibility.
Oh yeah, he got that right! Even though his flashy luxury car had plenty of room inside, I had to rearrange my limbs whenever he pushed me around. And that's where my years of cheerleading training came in handy. In fact, I had cheered competitively, so it had been a serious sport for me! But I still knew that I fully fit the stereotype of the blonde-haired, not-so-bright girl standing at the sidelines of a football game in a short skirt, jumping around without much purpose other than to yell 'go team!' and be stared at by the crowd. And you know what? I'm not ashamed of it! Period!
"Fucking figures! What else is a big-boob bimbo supposed to be in high school other than a jock sucker, right?" Mr. von Stein followed up his observation. "Bet you were the cum sponge for the football team!"
Oh man! That was a hard blow! And I scoffed in disapproval. But deep inside, I knew that it was true... at least the part about cheerleading. But whatever! As soon as I was in the reverse cowgirl position, my scoffing was drowned out by my moaning as the Vonderowner grabbed my terrific titties and kneaded them real rough. That got me moving! And so, I rode the old-ass owner like a young pony! As if he were giving me the spurs! Maybe, it was a generational thing, but the brash boomer knew exactly how to work a pair of sweater puppets for maximum effect. If I knew how to be a paper shaker, he knew how to handle my sugar shakers. It drove me into a frenzy until I bucked so hard that I almost slipped off his cuntcleaver. Facts!
"Hey, there! What we got here?" I suddenly heard a voice from the side.
Oh shit! That stunned me to the core. What a shocker! In my dickdaze, I had blanked it out, but we were still standing in the parking lot with the door open. Sooner or later, it was bound to happen. And now, the time had come! The worst-case scenario had occurred! We had been caught! Fucking hell!
For heaven's sake! This was bad, so bad that I froze on the spot, hoping the ground would open up and swallow me. I blushed in shame and trembled in embarrassment. But that didn't last long. A harsh slap to my booty got me going again. Apparently, Mr. von Stein wasn't stunned at all. Quite the contrary! The old sod landed a few more blows to my butt until I found myself humping his cuntcleaver harder than ever. Whether I liked it or not, the Vonderowner set the pace and his Vondertoy had to follow. Period!
"Gidday, my mate!" The stranger greeted Mr. von Stein like an old pal. "Here I was on my way to buy some new golf gear when I saw your car in the parking lot. What are the chances, right?"
"Gee! My old eyes didn't deceive me. It's Frank-the-Tank!" The rando exclaimed cheerfully.
"Be that as it may, I didn't expect... this." He pointed at the young slut impaled on his buddy's boner. "Turning into a breeding bull, huh? And that in your old age. But beware! We don't want your heart to stop. At least, not till I win our next golf session. Hahaha!"
Oh boy! It was all too obvious that the stranger was an old friend. I had actually met a couple of the boss' best buds at Vonderstone. The first time they had come to the store, Mr. von Stein had introduced us salesgirls in the most obnoxious way ever. Turning the shop into a catwalk, he had ordered Holly to model our collection of crazy heels for them. And after that, it had become a Friday routine for the group of geezers to meet at the Vonderstore before heading to the golf course. Accordingly, we had started calling them the 'golf gang'. No kidding!
Either way, this was a great discovery! Even though we had been spotted, it wasn't by a bunch of normies. What a relief! Mr. von Stein's golfmate wouldn't call the cops, so we were safe! This could have turned out a lot worse! And that relaxed me immensely. So, I finally dared to look at the guy. And at second glance, I recognized him. Sorry to say, I had met so many new people lately that my memory was kind of fuzzy. But airheads-with-airbags aren't exactly known for their powers of recollection, right?
Anyway, the golfmate was Carl, or Carlito as his buddies liked to call him. He was a black man in his fifties who was so tall and stocky that he looked like a former football player. For that reason, Holly and I called him Mr. Lineman. He was also filthy rich, having built a successful business. Since he had sold it a few years ago, he was retired, which was obviously good for him because he always had a chill and positive vibe.
"Hehehe! C'mon, mate! Look at this big-boob bird!" Mr. von Stein replied with a laugh. "Banging a bimbo's good for my heart cos it keeps me young. You'll see when I kick your ass on the golf course."
And with that, the two old men started discussing the upcoming golf game. As if they were out for coffee like normal retirees! Chatting all casually, they paid no attention to the blond bombshell who was riding the owner boner butt naked. The disrespect was off the charts! It pissed me off and spurred me on at the same time. Accordingly, I humped the meatcleaver so wild that my bomb-ass boobs bounced all over the place. But it wasn't enough! I was literally busting my ass and yet the fucking fogies didn't acknowledge me. So degrading, alas so effective!
"Right, mate! But let's get real for a second. That's a brilliant pair of bronskis!" Mr. Lineman praised my charms. "That rack's a real distraction. There's nowhere else to look, man!"
Oh yeah! Finally, someone spoke the truth! It blew away my frustration and put a smile on my face. But my joy was short-lived. Believe it or not, the two golfmates started discussing the pros and cons of natural versus fake tits. All while they had a perfect pair of big natural boobs right in front of them. It felt surreal but happened nonetheless! Even though I was busy riding the boss boner, I heard every word they said. And yet, the boomer buddies talked about me as if I weren't present. Damnit! I was just an empty vessel without any opinion or knowledge. This was unacceptable! I was too smart for that!
"Hey, mate! Go for it! Test those fucking fleshcans. They're up for grabs. It ain't like the slut's picky!" Mr. von Stein offered my assets for examination.
And just like that, the black retiree grabbed my titties. Of course, it hadn't occurred to the patriarch to consult me. Just as it didn't occur to his old pal to ask me. But that was a stupid idea in the first place. Why should the Vondertoy have a different opinion than its owner? Shaking my head, I giggled at my idiocy as the filthy fogy groped my glorious grabbags. Hard to believe, but I was sitting in a flashy luxury car in a public parking lot, riding my boss' boner while his boomer buddy kneaded my bomb-ass bouncers. So crazy, alas so exciting!
"All right then, I won't keep you any longer. But don't forget our appointment. It's getting late!" Mr. Lineman suddenly turned to leave. "See you later, alligator!"
Oh wow! What an abrupt end! The big bloke left without another word. He didn't even give me another praise for my fantastic funbags. So disappointing! I had expected him to demand a blowjob for his silence. At the very least! In truth, I would have preferred an outrageous demand to his hasty exit. But it was obvious that my magnificent merits hadn't been enough to make the pervy pensioner stay. What a blow to my confidence! It left me needier for approval than ever. Safe!
But wait! Mr. Lineman had told his golfmate to cut things short, hadn't he? Oh no! I couldn't let that happen! If the Vonderowner prioritized his appointment over me, I'd take it as a personal insult! If he kicked me out of his car and left me standing on the parking lot, I'd never recover from that affront. Anything was better than that! Swear to god!
Fortunately for my confidence, the patriarch needed no encouragement to keep banging his bimbo. Grabbing my hips, he lifted me off his cock and laid my back on the leather seat. Positioning himself above me, he placed his knees to the left and right of my chest. As his meatcleaver loomed large over my fat fleshpads, I fell into another dicktrance. With each time, it happened faster and easier. Promise!
And with that, I found myself lying in a car with the door open and an old man fucking my titslit. My fluffy fleshpillows bulged and my titty meat spilled on all sides as I pressed my boobs together. But it was totally worth it! My squishy squeezebags must have felt like heaven because the grumpy geezer couldn't hold out much longer. Grabbing his shaft, he pointed it at my face. And then the first fat glob of goo squirted out and splashed onto my brow! The cumshot was massive! On impact, it exploded like a water balloon, spraying the sticky seed all over my forehead.
And that was just the beginning! It was followed by several more jizz jets that spread his senior sauce all over my cheeks. What a sperm shower! It turned my face into a total mess and made me look like I had just survived a bukkake party! I had no idea where it was coming from, but the cum charge was epic!
---Roastie plugs products in Vonderstyle---
Mr. von Stein and his blonde assistant were both spent. But that was the end of our similarities. While his balls were empty, my face was full. Stupidly, though, the old-ass owner didn't allow me to clean my face. Instead, he ordered me to wear his boss batter loud and proud. Holy shit!
Reverting to his grumpy ways, the patriarch pushed me off his lap as if he were shooing away a pesky fly. Lying next to him in the backseat, I panted with exhaustion. The boss, on the other hand, paused only for a short moment. Real quick, he pulled up his pants and got out of the car. Heading to the back of his vehicle, he rummaged around in the trunk and pulled out a few items that I couldn't identify. Whatever! No need to worry my pretty little head. I was going to find out anyway! As expected, the old fart returned while I was still lying in the backseat exhausted and sperm splattered.
"OK, pumpkin! I know you're working as a salesgirl now, but you were actually looking for an internship. I didn't forget that!" He informed me. "The blondie blockhead prolly doesn't know this, but an internship's all 'bout getting to know different departments."
"So today's your day, sweet cheeks! You get the chance to dip your toes into another department!" The old fart exclaimed enthusiastically. "I know I'm too nice! I guess I got a soft spot for slutty snowflakes. I deserve a best boss award for that, ain't I?"
"Anyway, for the rest of the day, you'll be working in marketing." He announced. "Fear not, pumpkin! It ain't rocket science! Maybe, even a busty bimbo can learn something new for a change. Stranger things have happened, I've been told."
Oh man! I must admit I had given up scowling angrily or scoffing disapprovingly when I was called a bimbo. This time, though, something else made me sit up and take notice. I was supposed to change jobs? Where was this coming from? And why? What about my work at the store? We weren't exactly overstaffed. I'd be missed there!
"Don't worry, paper shaker! You're not that good at sales. You're easily replaceable." Mr. von Stein rebuffed my objections. "Actually, you're interchangeable, just like any other blonde bimbo."
"We've just hired that new temp to replace Holly. She can manage without you." He argued. "Her time to shine! If that ain't a chance to recommend herself for a permanent contract, I dunno what is."
Oh fuck! I didn't like the idea of the temp proving herself with her performance. After all, this whole thing was about getting Holly her job back, not helping her replacement. On the other hand, a new job sounded great. As I said before, I wasn't really born for sales, so I was sure I'd do better in marketing. Bet!
"Listen, pumpkin! First lesson on marketing! It's all 'bout advertising the store n attracting customers." The old chap explained to me. "That'll be your first task. With your looks, that's the best you can do anyway!"
Oh see! Another jab at my intelligence. How creative... not! But I barely noticed because I was busy smiling at his compliment. Finally, he was praising my looks. About damn time! Either way, his suggestion sounded interesting! It felt much more suited to my skills. In fact, the task could be a real challenge. For sure, it'd be more exciting than the boring work routine at the store. Let's face it, my boss was right! With my looks, I was made for advertising! Literally!
But then I gasped in disbelief. The old-ass owner showed me the equipment he had taken out of the trunk, and I didn't like what I saw. It was a piece of cardboard that he had labeled with big block letters. The sign read 'Sex Sells - We Sell Sexy Fits, You Buy Sexy Time - Vonderstone for Vondersex'. My gosh! What a sexist slogan! You couldn't do something like that, not in the current climate. No way! But Mr. von Stein was the boss, and he made the decisions. Sure enough, he didn't ask his assistant's opinion on such important matters. Absolutely not!
Shortly after, the slogan no longer mattered anyway. I puffed in protest as the old-ass owner grabbed my booty shorts and pushed the wetlook fabric aside. After exposing my pussy, he pinned the advertising sign to the waistband of my hotpants. As a result, the cardboard hung down, covering my twat and ass. But that wasn't much consolidation! I couldn't believe that the brash boomer was turning me into an advertising pillar. That was lower in the hierarchy than a display dummy. So devaluating! And so not how I had imagined my work in marketing. Not at all!
"Hey pumpkin! You wanna learn a trick from my youth? You ever heard 'bout hanging a B.A.?" The grumpy geezer asked me while I was still coming to terms with having my ass labelled.
Of course, I had no idea what he was talking about. I'm not that old! So, I had to admit my ignorance. And that made my boss laugh derisively, making me feel even more stupid. But hey, no one expects a millenitard to know such boomer stuff, right? Anyway, the patriarch decided it was easier to show than tell. So, he rolled down the window and closed the side door, leaving me alone in the backseat. That was weird, but OK!
And then it got bad! The grump geezer ordered me to push my booty out the window. Can you imagine that? He actually wanted me to sit on the bottom of the window frame, so my butt would hang out of the car. No way! I'd never do that! But the Vonderowner was serious! That's what 'hanging a bare ass' was all about back in the day! Un-fucking-believable!
Needless to say, I wanted to protest and revolt. After all, that's no way to treat your employees. That's no way to lead a modern company, either. It's the epitome of outdated management style! But instead of taking the boomer to task, I only giggled inanely. No wonder! The task was so absurd that I felt like a ditzy dummy! At the same time, I was desperately trying to come up with a less dangerous alternative. After all, the run-in with the police at the Yamos house was still fresh in my mind. Promise!
"But sirrr! But pleassse! There must be a better way to advertise this thingie. A hundo p!" I tried to change my boss' mind. "I look totally stupid like this. No cap! Hihihi!"
"Let me stand at the entrance holding the sign, sir! That'd attract way more attention. Promise!" I suggested. "I could be a human directional! You know, from paper shaker to sign spinner. That's the way to go! I could even shout it out loud if you like, sir."
"Nice idea, pumpkin! But what you wanna shout out exactly?" The old sod asked back. "Wear Vonderstone, turn your face into a cumzone?"
"See, that's what our bimbo forgets." Mr. von Stein took the wind out of my sails. "She's got a face full of spunk. You ain't wanna show that cumface to the customers, do you?"
For fuck's sake! This was so infuriating! But I didn't even know where to direct my anger. The holes in my reasoning were my own fault! I had totally forgotten about my cumface. But then again, no one expected a bimbo to be the president of the debate club, right?
"Ah, don't you fret, blondie blockhead!" The old-ass owner tried to calm me down. "I know what's good for my staff. Lemme do the thinking, you focus on looking pretty."
Oh man! I must admit that the old chap sounded convincing. He had a point because his marketing campaign had a huge advantage: my face remained hidden. It proved once and for all that I was better at following a man's lead while focusing on my looks. After all, I was new to this marketing stuff and distracted by my horniness. So, trusting my boss was the smart thing to do. Period!
First things first, though. I had to find a way to get into position. And that was harder than it sounds. Even though I'm only 5'2" and a flexible paper shaker, I had to fold up like a Swiss Army knife to get my ass through the window and let my booty hang out. When I was finally sitting with my thighs on the bottom frame, I could barely move. I was stuck! But at least, the advertising sign was clearly visible! It was literally screaming for people to turn their heads and read the slogan. Fucking shit!
And off we went! I expected Mr. von Stein to drive along the front of the mall only once and real fast! But no! I didn't get off that easy! Instead, he did a full lap around the parking lot, which was way more than I had anticipated! But at least, the old sod stayed within the confines of the mall and didn't hit the open road. That was a plus! Then again, the patriarch was having so much fun that he drove extra slow. That was a minus!
As I cringed hard, the Vonderowner laughed and cheered. While he had the time of his life, I was a bundle of nerves. The power balance was anything but even. The grumpy geezer had clear view of the parking lot. I, on the other hand, couldn't see what was happening behind me. And so, the old sod decided to help me out. In minute detail, he described the people who saw the sign. And that made it worse because it sent cold shivers down my spine. Jesus!
But then my heart stopped! Mr. von Stein began to honk his horn! That brought the attention to a whole other level. Instead of a silver platter, my ass was presented on chrome wheels. This was so unreal! My butt was out there, and I was in here wanting to die! Even though my booty sign was a total eyecatcher, opinions were divided. Not everyone liked the sexist slogan. And so, I winced when my boss described people wrinkling their noses or turning away in disgust. This was getting worse!
But it wasn't the end of the line! The worst came when the brash boomer stopped and leaned out the side window. Talking to a group of guys, he asked them if they had ever visited the Vonderstore. And they answered in the negative! Holy shit! What a low blow! But at least, I finally heard some voices. They sounded like a bunch of young wannabe gangsters. I knew the type from my public high school, and I had always made it a point to steer clear of them. But now I had no chance to escape because my boss wasn't done with his marketing research. Instead, he asked the loudmouths if the promo sign was enough to make them shop at the store. And again, they answered no! Oh jeez! So much for the reputation of the Vonderstone brand. This was truly humbling! But Mr. von Stein wasn't ready to take the L. Instead, he asked what else the guys needed as motivation.
"Yo, check this out, man! Them shit says sex sells. That ass for sale or what?" I heard a youngster I couldn't see.
"Hehehe! Nice idea! Let's ask our customer rep." The patriarch passed the question to me. "She's responsible for our advertising strategy, you know?"
Oh fuck! What the hell was he doing? These rowdy rookies had pretty much called me a hooker and yet my boomer boss didn't tell them off. He didn't even say no! Instead, he left it up to me to put the guys in their place. This was too presumptuous! And so, I immediately clapped back.
"Yeah... no! Mosdef not!" I retorted. "Fake-ass punks don't get that kinda special service. No way! That's reserved for rich-ass regulars! Duh!"
"I mean, look at that bellabooty!" I added for impact. "That's an elite ass, man! Defo not for everyone!"
Oh jeez! I totally overdid it! But in my defense, I must say that these noobs made my blood boil. Even though this was going off the rails, my boss didn't come to my aid. Instead, he made it worse. Since my head was in the car, he made me repeat the statement until I practically screamed it out. And each time I repeated myself, my voice got higher and the vowels became more drawn out. In the end, I thought the whole mall could hear me talking in a rising pitch like a dumb-ass bimbo. Damnit!
"Yo, man! What 'bout a look under the hood? Let's see what cha got on offer!" Another greenhorn suggested.
I wanted to protest, but I was too scared to blurt out something stupid. Once bitten, twice shy, right? So, I tried to keep quiet, but I didn't even make it past the trial stage. When the brash boomer accepted the proposal, I couldn't hold it together anymore and giggled out loud. Goosebumps covered my body when I felt one of the noobs lifting the promo sign. But it didn't stop at a quick peek! Instead, the guy held the sign up to give the whole group of greenhorns a clear view of my soaking snatch. I had never felt more exposed before! And yet, I could do nothing but bear it with a smile, because I was stuck in the window. Jesus fucking Christ!
But then the punk-ass pricks began to give my pussy an in-depth inspection. It made me tremble like a leaf because that was the last thing I wanted to happen. I've told you before that I love all kinds of attention except when it's directed at my pussy. My dangling cuntlips are my personal weak spot. They're called butterfly wings for a reason. Sticking out for all to see, they frame my hotbox like two crinkly beef curtains. And when I get horny, they swell up until they spread their meaty wings to show off my pink insides. That's what Chet called the bimbo blossom. And even though I hate the term, I must admit that he's right. End of story!
"Dude! Look at them fat fuck flaps! Shit's unreal!" One of the youngsters shouted out in utter amazement.
"Aight, dawgs! Bitch's servin' roast beef for lunch!" A second guy replied. "The hoe's a roastie! That's my hunch!"
Oh gawd! How nasty can it get! The short glimpse at my booty had turned into a full-blown discussion about my labia. I twitched in degradation while I gasped in disbelief. And of course, my boss recognized the opportunity. Taking advantage, he encouraged the phony punks to find the appropriate name for my pussylips. What a son of a bitch!
"Awesome! But no! Shit looks more like busted ravioli to me. Bitch can't even serve decent food." A third dude disagreed.
For fuck's sake! How many guys were standing around the car? This was getting out of hand! All too soon, the whole town would know about my weakness. The humiliation was level infinity!
"Whateva, man! Who gives a shit 'bout fuckin' food!" A fourth fucker chimed in. "Got a better one, for sure! I'd call 'em piss flippers!"
For heaven's sake! Each term was worse than the previous one, making me groan louder and giggle dumber. All the while my body jerked so wild that I almost fell out of the window. My shame was real! In fact, I was so ashamed that I thought my ass glowed as red as my face. Promise!
"Kids these days! Can't make any damn decisions! If you can't agree, boys, let's ask our customer rep." Mr. von Stein suddenly suggested.
Excuse me? He was joking, wasn't he? I'd never do that! This was too rotten! I knew exactly what the brash boomer was doing! I wasn't that stupid! He was trying to make me a part of my own degradation! No way, I'd play along with that. As if I had a choice! While my mind was still resisting, my mouth was already answering.
"Um... piss flippers!" I blurted out, trying to avoid any association with food.
"I mean fuck flaps, for real." I frantically corrected myself because my spontaneous choice was too nasty.
"OK! Mrs. Roastie it is! Good choice!" The Vonderowner decided.
What an asshole! I huffed in disappointment! Turning my choice into ridicule, the old sod chose a completely different term. The son of a bitch! I was allowed to humiliate myself for his amusement, but in the end my opinion counted for nothing. So degrading, alas so logical! I should have known better! Who let a stupid sign spinner make decisions, right? It figures!
"Yo, coffin dodger! Who you're callin' missus? That's sum old man slang!" One of the youngsters objected. "Gotta get with them times if ya wanna sell sum shit in ya store."
"Aight, dawgs! Bet we can agree on one thing!" He turned to his homies. "That fuckbox's seen sum serious action! So I say the bitch's an arby barbie. For real!"
Oh shit! Where the hell did that come from! This label will never do. I'll never accept it! My boss already had a name picked out. This thing was over and done with. I was Mrs. Roastie and that was it! But of course, the group of greenhorns didn't give a shit. They whooped and hollered, agreeing that it was the perfect name. To make matters worse, they even started shouting it in chorus until it rang in my ears. These brazen bastards!
"OK! Looks like some millennials can get shit done when push comes to shove after all." Mr. von Stein relented.
"C'mon, arby barbie!" He prompted me. "Grab your fuck flaps n pull those piss flippers open. Don't act like a prude! That beef curtain hides your treasure trove. The customers wanna see your heart n soul, I mean your fucking bitch ditch."
Seriously? The brash boomer managed to use all the nasty names at once. The remark shook me hard and made me groan in indignation. The old fart had identified my weak spot, and now he was exploiting it mercilessly. Despite my reluctance, though, I didn't hesitate but obeyed like a docile doll. In the end, the mean jabs hit the mark, triggering my submission. Bet!
And so, I jerked and wiggled until I managed to push my hands through the window. Luckily, I had treated myself to a fresh mani in preparation for my boss meeting. After all, I wanted to look my best. And as I grabbed my fuck flaps with both hands, my elegant French nails with extra-long, red tips came it real handy. They gave me the confidence to spread my butterfly wings until my pink pussyhole was fully exposed. It must have been a vision of vulgarity!
"Yo, dawgs! Shit looks like it's comin' rite outta a sex flick, rite?" One of the greenhorns told the group. "The bitch's a total porno package, hoe daggers, hoe rags, drip wet, big gap."
See, folks! Told you so! Every bimbo needs her mani-pedi to be on fleek! High heels and revealing clothes, heavy makeup and flashy nails, nice tan and shaved snatch - these are the bimbo basics. Word!
"Sweet cheeks, you don't mind these nice, young customers touching your bitch ditch, do you?" Mr. von Stein asked with a look into the back room. "You should be proud, pumpkin. They've never seen a bigger slut. They wanna feel how wet a porno pussy can get. Such spirit of discovery! It'd be rude to deny them."
Oh my god! I wanted to scoff in disbelief but only giggled with joy. After all, it was the biggest praise I had gotten in a long time... sorta! On the one hand, I wanted to finish this inspection. On the other hand, I was thirsting for more compliments. So, what did I do? I pulled open my beef curtain to present my fine fuckhole, what else? Priorities, duh!
And soon, I was moaning without restraints when I felt four fingers on my soaked snatch. One after the other, the punk-ass pricks let their fingertips glide over my pink pussyflesh. Judging by their comments, I was leaking like a faucet. As if I needed a bunch of boys to tell me that. But at least, my marketing campaign was beginning to bear fruit. After feeling me up, the group of greenhorns agreed to visit the Vonderstore. As you see, haste makes waste!
And with that, Mr. von Stein was satisfied! Driving on, he didn't take another lap around the parking lot but parked his SUV in a parking box. The promo tour was officially over. What a blessing!
---Billboard barbie is the star of a coupon campaign ---
For the love of god, I can't even tell how glad I was to step out of the car and get rid of the promo sign. The whole inspection thing had been nerve-wracking! And yet, those phony punks had been right, because my pussy was dripping wet. That's why I was standing on wobbly legs in the middle of the parking lot.
"Well, that was a success... for everyone involved." Mr. von Stein made a joke on my behalf.
"Rejoice, sweet cheeks! We've finally found something you're good at." He cheered me on. "Our pumpkin got some marketable skills after all!"
"Gotta say you're doing good as a promo tool." The brash boomer congratulated me. "So cheers for graduating from paper shaker to billboard barbie!"
Say again? I hardly understood his words. It sounded too absurd to be true, so I couldn't believe my ears! When I asked my boss for clarification, however, he repeated the new nickname extra slow. And I almost keeled over! It sounded nasty as hell, but it confirmed my value to the company. It sounded like the worst objectification ever, but I liked the compliment. This was too conflicting!
"Be a shame not to use those skills." The grumpy geezer had another surprise up his sleeve. "You're such a good promo puppet, we should follow your suggestion n place your ass in front of the entrance. Like a promo pillar!"
Woah! That came out of left field! As these promo names washed over me, I found that I liked them less than the previous pet names. But of course, I knew that the old-ass owner loved the name game way too much to let it go. So, I decided to sit this one out and let the man have his fun. After all, I had bigger fish to fry. Priorities!
As you know, names are nothing but hot air. Actions, on the other hand, have consequences. And my boss' suggestion could have far-reaching ramifications. To be honest, I had thought the promo stuff was over, but obviously I was wrong. And yet, I couldn't protest, because it had been my own idea. Once again, I had dug a hole for myself! This was getting to be a bad habit, wasn't it? So, it needed to stop and fast! Period!
But Mr. von Stein acted quicker than me. Taken my idea, he built a new plan around it. The whole thing happened so fast that the spontaneity bowled me over! As luck would have it, the grumpy geezer had coupons in his trunk. That was so convenient... not! As the Vonderowner told me, he had been planning a promo campaign for some time, so he had them printed just in case. Until now, however, he lacked the right advertising strategy... and that's where my idea came in. Damnit!
So, it happened as it was bound to happen. I found myself in front of the mall entrance. This time, though, the promo sign was attached to the bottom hem of my green top, so it hung right in front of my bare belly. Still, the slogan remained as clear as daylight. And my task was just as clear. I had to approach all the adult shoppers and offer them a coupon to Vonderstone. It figures!
Oh man! I can barely put into words how embarrassing it was to walk around in my saucy outfit with the tight top, skimpy booty shorts, and slutty platform boots. But the hardest part was approaching all the different shoppers and striking up a conversation out of thin air. That was mainly because most of the customers didn't take me seriously. The men were happy to take the coupons. They wanted to leer at my charms but didn't want to hear me talk. By contrast, the women were more selective. They were interested in the various bargain offers but didn't expect a promo puppet to explain them in any meaningful way. The contrast was real!
But you know what the worst part was? I got so much scorn and moralizing, it was enough for a lifetime. I already get plenty of that from my parents, so I didn't need any more judgy lectures at work. Let me tell you, I can't stand those condescending looks and scrunched up noses. They're just as bad as eyerolls and headshakes. For that reason, I totally embraced it when men called me slut or whore. It's weird, but true! I'm a freak like that!
Whenever it happened, though, I'd bravely reply that I was a billboard bimbo. As you know, I'm a lively buzzerfly as it is. But this promo campaign really brought my spunky side to the forefront. As a result, I became more and more bubbly until I was all smiles and giggles. Along with it, the drawn-out vowels and rising pitch intensified. But I didn't mind, as it got me lots of attention. It turned out to be a super successful strategy because my coupons went like hot cakes. Promise!
When I had distributed most of the coupons, Mr. Lineman appeared at the entrance. Even though I hadn't expected to see him again, he informed me that Mr. von Stein was still in a meeting. Therefore, he had sent his old pal to check on things. Frankly, it felt like a stab in the heart that my boss didn't trust me with this job. On second thought, though, it made perfect sense to give a chaperone to an airhead-with-airbags. After all, this was a pretty difficult task, wasn't it? That's why I was all the more pleased to hear that the coupons had been a smashing success and the Vonderstore was practically overrun with customers. For this reason, the patriarch had decided to add a special thank-you-service to the promo campaign.
And that special service was me! Yeah, I know, I was just as surprised as you, folks! And that's why I looked like a stunned mullet when I first heard it. But on second thought, it confirmed what I already knew. I was the prime pony in the Vonderstable! The chosen cutie the Vonderowner entrusted with important tasks. Go figure!
That's exactly why I was thrilled when Mr. Lineman laid out the special service to me. Strictly speaking, there wasn't much to explain because it was pretty simple. All customers who had received a coupon and made a purchase at the store received a gift. And that gift was a free car wash! Again, I felt the same way as you, folks! It sounded simply laughable! But only at first! Then I remembered that charity car washes are a total TV staple. So, it's clearly a popular thing. I guess it's like eating at a breastaurant: sexy but not obscene! And that makes it perfect for the Vonderstone advertising strategy. Definitely so!
And for this reason, it wasn't long before I was busy with my first car wash. Somehow the whole thing reminded me of the scene in front of the Yamos house. Just as thrilling, but not as dangerous! And that was due to Mr. von Stein. Once again, he proved to be as experienced as he was prudent when he decided that it would be unwise to let me wash the cars in the parking lot. And when he was right, he was right! So, I took each winner to a self-service station 5 minutes down the road because it had a distinct advantage. The separate bays had a canopy, nontransparent screens on the sides, and a roll-up door at the front, so I was protected from unwanted gazes. Facts!
And off we went! The first customer was a nondescript man in his thirties driving a compact sedan. When we arrived at the car wash, I told him to drive straight into a free bay. The visual covers, however, were hardly necessary because the guy was harmless. Sitting in his car, he simply watched without actively intervening. He was totally unobtrusive! And that had an unexpected effect. His reserved manner made me real pushy. I tried to act as sexy as possible without coming across as vulgar, taking extra time to clean his windows so he could get a close look at my fantastic funbags. Since he didn't make any demands, however, my bomb-ass boobs remained clothed. What a wasted opportunity! I was almost sad for the dude when I thought of all the things he could have seen. Such a shame!
Unfortunately, the next few customers weren't any more remarkable, so I almost wanted to give up hope. But then a guy stepped up to the plate who was of a completely different caliber. He was one of those men in his early 50s with a dadbod and dyed blond hair who was trying too hard. His tan was too deep, his shirt too bright, and his pants too tight. It looked like a clumsy attempt to appear young and energetic. As icing on the cake, the swellhead even drove a flashy sports car. What a surprise... not!
And yet, I dutifully started cleaning his car. Despite my efforts, it wasn't enough for the smug fuck. Instead, he got out and leaned against his fender as if he'd just stepped out of an episode of Miami Vice. He even took off his sunglasses and shook his bleached blond hair. Gosh! This was cringe!
But it got worse! Mr. Midlife-Crisis began to give me instructions. He pointed here and there to show me where to clean. Even though I rolled my eyes, I still did as I was told. After all, he was more demanding than the previous guys! And in the end, the swellhead made me slave away, for real! He constantly forced me to stretch and bend, giving him an excellent view of my yummy buns and yummier boobs. The way he bossed me around, it was inevitable that cleaning water would drip onto my top. And when it did, the green fabric got soaked until it was see-through. Safe to say, the smug fuck got to see all the things the first dude had missed. Definitely so!
In the same way, I felt all the things I had missed when serving the previous customers. And that left me torn! On the one hand, Mr. Midlife-Crisis annoyed the hell out of me. On the other hand, I enjoyed the hell out of his domineering demeanor. As I was still dealing with my feelings, I suddenly blew my fuse. The dyed dude actually wanted me to clean the rims of his car! No way! That was too much! I'd never do that!
"C'mon promo puppet! I bought stuff for more than 100 bucks in that shabby store of yours. That must count for something." The swellhead put pressure on me. "You want me to come back n buy more, don't you?"
Holy shit! I didn't like the sound of that! But he had a point. Mr. von Stein wouldn't forgive me for losing customers. After all, this marketing campaign was supposed to boost our clientele. For this reason, I gave the dadbod dude a dirty look while I dutifully dropped to my knees. And so, I found myself on all fours on the wet concrete polishing rims. This was bad enough! But the bleached blond bloke made it worse when he ordered me to clean all four wheels. Son of a bitch!
Let me tell you, it felt like an out-of-body experience when I crawled from one tire to the other. All the while, the swellhead stared nonstop at my buns of steel. No wonder! With my head down, my butt stuck up in the air, which caused my booty shorts to slip into my ass crack leaving my apple bottom in plain view. What a saucy sight! It must have been fire! Bet!
For this reason, the car wash took longer than expected. And the delay didn't go unnoticed. When I returned, Mr. Lineman seemed incensed about my dilly-dallying and asked what had taken so long. Can you believe it? The black retiree gave me a telling-off like I was a silly little brat. But he stopped when I giggled and told him that the customer had gotten a special service for spending so much money. And then he was finally satisfied when I cheered and reported that the dyed dude had promised to return to the Vonderstore.
"Gee! Do I see some initiative right there? Unexpected from a big tit chick!" Carl wasn't too convinced.
But I wasn't listening. I was so hyped that I basically bubbled over with ideas, and I couldn't contain them. So, I just babbled away.
"Oh, whatever! We should totally make it a thing. A hundo p! You've paid more, you get better service." I suggested. "It's only fair, right?"
Of course, Mr. Lineman could only agree. In fact, he liked my idea so much that he decided to implement it straightaway. So, he quickly laid down the new rule: a purchase of 100 bucks would grant a topless car wash. A purchase of 200 bucks required me to use my titties as washcloths. Holy shit! I gulped when I heard it! What a throwback to the days of the Yamos window washing. For a moment, I thought the golf gang and the fratsters were in cahoots. As if they were in some kind of contact with each other. But I was too stunned to follow up on this lead. And for good reason! The idea was totally stupid! Even though it had been my own suggestion, I was in two minds about it. On the one hand, I was proud that my idea had been implemented. On the other hand, the task was goddamn vulgar. Safe!
But then the new rules didn't even come into play. As it turned out, most of the lucky winners hadn't bought more than a few items and thus remained under the price limit. Even worse, these customers were totally unremarkable and far too reserved. They were happy to watch a scantily clad coed washing their car, with a little ass shaking and titty jiggling as a bonus. So uncreative! This was way more boring than expected! Yikes!
---Billboard barbie stars in Mullatopia---
My boredom ended when the next customers redeemed their coupons. The two men had bought more than 200 bucks worth of clothes, albeit together. Nonetheless, a deal is a deal, and after the last few disappointments I had become super eager to finally put my idea into action. It was about damn time! But then again, I would have preferred to do it with any other type of guys, because the dudes were real country boys, complete with mullet and muscleshirt. Frankly, they looked like they were on their way to a trash party. And as cherry on top, they actually introduced themselves as Taylor and Parker! You can't make this stuff up! Definitely not!
Tell me, folks, what are you supposed to do in a situation like this? I could only giggle and introduce myself as the 'billboard barbie' in the highest pitch, drawling the words to the extreme. On a whim, I asked the mullet men if they were born at the same time in the same trailer park. Woah! They didn't like that kind of sass! And it set the tone. No way, they were going to let the spunky slut off that easy! But despite this damper, I didn't help my case when I saw their car. Once again, I giggled hopelessly because it was an old, rusty pickup truck. What a coincidence... not!
As soon as we parked in a wash bay, the guys proved to be no boring normies. Grabbing my green top, Taylor pushed it down to reveal my tremendous titties. At the same time, Parker ripped the wetlook shorts off with so much force that the hotpants were almost torn apart. This was so impertinent! But I totally embraced the ruthlessness because it was so much better than restrained behavior I had endured before.
And so, I quickly got to work while the trashsters stayed in the truck to watch me clean the windows with my fab fleshpads. Using the rag, I drizzled water over my bomb-ass bouncers until they glistened wetly. Then I pressed my fantastic funbags against the glass. Gosh! These vulgar vandals stuck out their tongues and wiggled them wildly. As if they were licking my nipples through the glass! So obscene, alas so exciting!
As you see, these trashsters were so much more fun than the previous customers. And so, I eagerly wiped all the window panes as if my squishy squeezebags had been created just for this purpose! In the process, my exuberance came in real handy as I giggled and cheered while I alternately jiggled my tits and shook my ass. In fact, I got so overzealous that I wiped the windshield twice. First, with my fab fleshpillows and then with my yummy buns. Promise!
When I was done with the windows, the mullet men got out to get a better look at the rest of the proceedings. By then, I didn't even think about using a cleaning rag anymore. Instead, I began to wipe the paint with my big-ass boobs although it was greasy and rusty. Meanwhile, the trashsters sat down in the bed of the truck and opened up two cheap-ass beer cans. These bawdy bastards!
Finally, the job was done. But wait! Not so fast! Taylor and Parker had opened a second beer, so they determined that I had to continue until their cans were empty. That wasn't part of the deal, but their bossy behavior didn't allow any contradiction. Besides, they had paid big money at the Vonderstore, so it was only fair, right? Again, my own idea bit me in the ass when the mullet men told me to focus on the bumper stickers. How nice of them... not! They even helped me with the preparation, pouring beer over my tremendous titties to get them wet again. Even nicer of them... safe!
I shrieked when I felt the cold sticky liquid on my soft skin. This was so vicious! I'd totally stink of beer like a skanky slut! I couldn't afford that, because I had a campaign to run, so I had to look my best! Accordingly, I wanted to cuss the gruff guys out. And deservedly so! But instead, I only giggled as I noticed the 'Straight Outta Mulletopia' sticker. The absurdity was off the charts! And yet, I set to work with extra enthusiasm. When the bumper sticker was sparkling clean, however, the vulgar vandals had barely taken a sip from their cans. Gosh!
"Hey hoe, let's go!" Taylor suddenly addressed me. "You see, we ain't finished with our beer. So how 'bout a new deal?"
"Damn, my man! You can never let it go, can ya? We had our fun, what else ya want?" His buddy exclaimed. "Always unpredictable, like a loose cannon. What cha got up your sleeves this time?"
"Oh, wait n see, man! Shit's legit!" The dude with the long, blond mullet shot back. "It's 'bout customer retention, that's what marketing's all 'bout, right?"
The trashster surprised me with some unexpected sales knowledge. He didn't look the part, but he seemed quite educated. In any case, he was right. In marketing, customer retention encompassed all measures aimed at triggering repeat purchases and winning regular customers. So, I nodded as much in agreement as in confusion.
"OK! Here's the deal! We sign on to become members of that Whateverclub." Taylor explained. "Sounds good, ain't it?"
Indeed, it did! And that's why I listened up.
"But only if you finish first." The blond bloke elaborated. "You know, nice guys finish last. We lose, we're nice n sign the contracts."
That sounded weird! It honestly didn't make much sense. But whatever! In the end, the sales success was all that mattered. And that's why I agreed. What could possibly go wrong?
"We're in agreement then?" The trashster played it safe and waited for me to nod in approval. "Good."
"So, here's the game." He finally revealed his true goals. "Let's see who finishes first. Mulletopia with the beer or billboard barbie with the orgasm."
And that's when I realized that everything was going wrong. I felt as if struck by lightning! No sales success in the world was worth this shit! Who did these rude-ass rednecks think they were? Apparently, they were the kind of guys who knew how to play a little subslut like a fiddle. And yet, I shook my head and declined vigorously. I wasn't that desperate! In response, however, Taylor jumped off the truck bed and stepped in front of me.
"C'mon, slut! You know you wanna cum! Don't deny it!" He called me out. "That puddle on the floor? It ain't washin' water!"
Without hesitation, the blond bozo grabbed my nipples and pinched them savage as sin. A triumphant grin spread over his face when he saw me squirm in response. My arousal was all too obvious. Damnit!
"You can have some fun or you can get some bad press. Your choice!" Taylor reiterated.
Holy shit! I had a hard time listening to the vulgar vandal as he continued tugging and pinching my nipples. Even less than that, I was capable of making far-reaching decisions. Swear to god!
"You think you're too good for the workin' class, bitch?" The blond bloke dug deeper when I continued to decline his offer. "You refuse, we spread the word n your Whateverstone brand's fucked. You lose all the hard-working folks who keep this town runnin'. This is workin'-class country. You wanna explain that to your boss, billboard barbie?"
Oh fuck! That made me listen up! You know my background, so you know I'm no class traitor. I wouldn't let these hillbillies accuse me of that. No way in hell! And so, two factors came together: my pride and my horniness. And that tipped the scale! It left me hell-bent on proving these rude-ass rednecks wrong. Not only would I convince the trashsters, but I'd also entice them to bring their buddies to the store. This would be more than customer retention! It would be customer acquisition. Wait and see!
And so, I found myself standing behind the truck while Taylor and Parker sat back in the bed. Turning around, I presented my apple bottom to the gruff guys. Spreading my legs, I bent over until my fingertips were resting on the concrete floor. It allowed me to look at the vulgar vandals right through my legs. At the same time, the mullet men got the full dose of sexiness. From top to bottom, they saw my buns of steel, my wet pussy framed by my butterfly wings, and my big-ass boobs peeking through my legs. That was the maximum vision of vulgarity!
You could also say, it was the slut version of a runner on the starting block. And in this position, I waited for the start signal. It came when the two trashsters toasted their cans. The moment they took a sip of beer, I hurried off. Keeping my bent-over position, I rushed backwards until my butt hit the back of the truck. Pressing my pussy against the right taillight, I hastily started sliding my slit up and down. I didn't even waste a single thought on the dirt covering the light. I was way too focused on rubbing my pink pussyflesh over the plastic cover for that. And for good reason. This felt so fucking good!
On the one hand, it took full effect, because I soon moaned in pure lust. On the other hand, it missed its effect, because I spread more pussyjuice over the rear light than I cleaned it. As if the guys gave a shit about a clean truck!
With my priorities straight, I rushed to the left taillight. This had to go faster! Any second, the mullet men could down their beers in one go. They looked like it would be no problem for them. The solution was simple. I needed more contact! And for that, my fuck flaps came in handy. In my bent-over position, I reached back. With each manicured hand, I grabbed a beef curtain. Pulling them apart, I pressed my sensitive snatchskin against the plastic cover. I felt the smooth surface. I shuddered as I thought of the dust and dirt. I twitched as pleasure swept through me. After edging several times, I quickly approached my climax. I was an easy cumslut like that!
But wait! I couldn't forget to please the guys. After all, I wanted to entice them to bring more customers to the store. So, I had to make a decision: orgasm or entertainment. I decided to do both. And for that reason, I started to shake my shoulders while my pussy slid up and down. This made my fabulous funbags bounce wild as fuck while I worked my pussy savage as sin. I felt like I was making a fool of myself! But I knew that it looked hot as hell. Sorry to say, I had no time to feel embarrassed!
But suddenly, I got startled. I was so focused on my desire that I had totally blanked out my surroundings. And so, I hadn't noticed that Parker had jumped off the truck bed. Standing next to me, he followed his buddy's example, as in grabbing my nipples and pinching them harshly. That made me wince and stifled my pleasure. Damnit! What a denial! At the very last second! For fuck's sake! I had been so close! And now, I had to start from scratch. These bawdy bastards!
Of course, I knew I couldn't get away with the same move again. That would have been too easy and too boring. The mullet men wouldn't have let it pass. So, I had to find a new angle. Even though that was easier said than done, I had to try. Most importantly, I had to be brash and bold! After all, there were no big rewards without taking big risks. So, I climbed onto the bed with Parker in tow.
"Oh, boys! Look at your load floor." I purred enticingly. "So dirty! So gross!"
"It needs to be sprayed off. For real!" I batted my eyelashes super seductively. "Could you help me with that?"
To give emphasis to my words, I got on all fours. Wiggling my booty, I practically waved my soaked snatch in the trashsters' faces. The sight was super seductive and the message was unmistakable. I didn't think I had it in me to act so much like a tawdry temptress. It made me feel so vulgar and so obscene! But the end justified the means. Period!
Anyway, the rude-ass rednecks understood exactly what I was talking about. And so, I felt their dirty fingers on my dripping cunt before I had even stopped shaking my ass for them. I yelped as they went ahead and thrust two digits straight into me! I mean two fingers each, aka four in total! Can you imagine? My pussy got four-finger punched. This shit was fucked up, alas fucking hot!
But it wasn't enough! Once the brute boys got started, there was no stopping them. Instead, each dude pushed another finger in my twat. Now, there were six sticks stretching me out! And in response, my voice went up six octaves. I screamed so loud that I was afraid we'd be heard in the next wash bay. But the mullet men didn't give a fuck. They kept drilling their digits into me until the smacking sounds got close to drowning out my moans. No kidding!
The effect was overwhelming! I couldn't hold on any longer. As my arms gave way, my head sank onto the trunk bed, leaving my ass stuck up in the air. This position offered the vulgar vandals even better access. And so, their six-way screwing went even deeper and harder until my legs wobbled and my toes curled. I felt wave after wave of pleasure surging through my body. I was close to my climax! All that was missing was a little extra kick! I'm a freak like that!
But then the brute boys changed their approach. They started alternating between stuffing and stretching. After every savage stabbing, they pulled their fingers apart to stretch my snatch wide open. The pressure on my fuckhole was immense and my cunt gaped wide. And then, I suddenly howled in disgust when the rough rednecks spit into my fucktunnel to see how deep their drool could travel down the grand canal. Jesus Christ!
The results were mixed. On the one hand, the gruff guys had completely forgotten to drink their beer. On the other hand, I still hadn't cum. Something had to be done! Extreme situations require extreme measures. Period!
"C'mon, boys! That all you got? How disappointing!" I pouted provocatively.
Of course, the mullet men didn't take the insult. What a surprise... not! I had asked for it, so I should get it. But first, the trashsters pulled their fingers from me. Opening my mouth to ask for the reason, I suddenly stopped. In contrast to my chatterbox, however, my lovebox didn't remain open for long. Instead, Taylor went ahead and stuffed his fist into my cunt. Straight up!
Oh my god! My snatch was so wet that it barely offered any resistance. I could only gasp as he moved his fist back and forth real slow. The pressure was monumental! And the feelings were epic! His movements became longer and faster. And then, he abruptly pulled his fist out. And my reaction followed swiftly and directly. For a moment, I thought I was going to pass out. Everything was silent. And then I screamed out loud as love liquid sprayed from me cunt. I squirted! I actually squirted all over the trunk bed! Unbelievable!
Spurred on by his buddy, Parker followed his lead. While I was still basking in my pleasure, he drove his fist into my cunt. Since he was taller, his fist was bigger and stretched my fuckhole wider. Not only that, he was also rougher, so he fisted me faster and harder. That brought everything to the next level. The pressure, the feelings, the screaming, the lust! And so, I began to kick my legs fucking wild. But then I grew stiff. Parker staggered me when he let his fist pop out of my twat. As my eyes rolled to the back of my head, my pussy erupted with a flood of fluid. I squirted again! Un-fucking-believable!
I know I had begged to hose down the truck bed, but this wasn't how I had imagined it! Frankly, it had been nothing more than a seductive line. I hadn't really thought it through. And this was the result! That's what you get when you let an airhead-with-airbags make the decisions. But at least, it was better than nothing!
And yet, the vulgar vandals weren't finished with me. No wonder! I had given them carte blanche! And so, my moaning encouraged them to crank shit up. Accordingly, they began to take turns thrusting their fists into my cunt. In, out... Parker, Taylor... squirt, squirt... it all happened so fast that I lost track of who was doing what. I was caught in the throes of passion and lost any sense of time and space. I didn't know what was happening anymore. I only knew that pleasure was running roughshod on me. The intensity was level infinity!
And I was still squirting! No longer in one long stream, but in short impulsive bursts whenever a fist drove up my cunt. And then I came! The orgasm rampaged through me like a hurricane. As a result, every muscle in my body gave way and I landed belly-down on the truck bed as I writhed in my climax. What a slutty sight!
I was too woozy to realize it at the time, but I had done it! I had finished first. OK! I admit, the gruff guys had let me win, because they had concentrated on my pussy and forgotten about their beer. But that wasn't my fault. Everyone uses the wiles at their disposal.
Anyway, I showed the brute boys my gratitude by giving an encore. While they finished their beer, I cleaned their truck bed, mopping up my pussyjuices with my big-ass boobs. Saying it makes it sound way nastier than it felt. But whatever! It was too late to play the timid tart. After all, bimbos aren't bashful. Most importantly, it was a terrific thank you! Bet!
When I was done, Taylor and Parker got in their truck. And before I could follow them, they drove out of the wash bay. The rude-ass rednecks couldn't get back to their Mulletopia fast enough. They didn't even think about taking me back to the mall. Can you believe it? They just drove away and left me standing there like a lost bimbo. No kidding!
This was a disaster! How was I going to get back to the Vonderstore? It was only a 5-minute drive, but it would take much longer on foot, especially on my sky-high platform boots. These boots weren't made for walking! Definitely not! Worse than that, my green top had gotten soaked during the car wash, so it was see-through and revealed more than it hid. I couldn't go outside dressed like that. Impossible!
Nuff said! This workday was definitely no slog! But it wasn't over yet! Now that I've dictated all the events into my voice app, I need to find a way to get out of the washzone. I have to return to the mall in one piece. So, I'm asking all my followers out there: Do any of you have a shuttle service on hand for your friendly billboard barbie?