Chapter Twelve: Cunt's Night Out
We seemed to drive forever before the vehicle finally came to a stop and the engine shut off. The air was cool as the car door opened, I felt my seat belt unclipped and my Master's hand gripped my lean arm to help guide me out. I blindly grasped the hem of my slick leather dress and pulled it down, adjusting it to just below the curve of my ass cheeks before I felt the yank of the leash on my collar prodding me to step forward. My stripper heels clacked on the pavement until I heard a door creak open. I continued to step forward until I was walking on soft carpet. I heard soft voices echo in the room. A female said "welcome, we hope you have a wonderful time."
My Master thanked the woman and I heard a male voice say "your slave looks exquisite; it's a pleasure to have such beauty here tonight."
I felt my blindfold being removed and despite the room being dimly lit; bathed only in candlelight, I still found myself blinking several times to adjust. I looked around the well appointed entryway, taking note of the red carpeting, dark wood paneling on the walls and plush furniture. Behind a high wood counter stood a woman who was about my size with a long blonde ponytail wearing a shiny black corset and a spiked leather choker while holding a leash attached to the dog collar of the naked male slave who was standing next to her.
"My name is Bryan and my beautiful wife here is Anna," the man said as he extended his other hand in greeting to my Master.
"Tonight I'm not his wife, I'm his Mistress," she piped up with a giggle.
"I'm Arnie," Master responded. "It's a pleasure to meet you."
"And who might this gorgeous creature on your leash be Arnie?" Anna inquired.
"She is the Cunt," he replied in a straightforward manner. I felt my cheeks burn with embarrassment as his words left his mouth, but I didn't dare move a muscle.
Anna's face lit up with a smile. "Oh I just love degradation role-play as well, especially when I sub. I'm a dominant switch which means that I do sub to my husband here on occasion, but normally I like to top."
"You do indeed my little sex toy," Bryan replied with a grin as he gave his wife a tender kiss on the lips. Anna shot him a look and a playfully contrite expression crossed his face. "I mean Mistress."
"We truly hope you'll enjoy tonight's open play party at the dungeon club," Bryan added. "Remember we do this every month and if you decide you would like a membership for yourself and the Cunt here, Anna will be happy to get you set up. Also there's some information about local munches and vendors of bondage equipment here in the lobby in case you'd like to get more involved in the community."
"Thank you again Bryan and Anna, it was a pleasure meeting you both," Master replied as he gave my leash a sharp tug, jerking me forward with unsure steps on my platform stripper heels. We went through a large doorway that led into a great open room and my eyes went wide with wonder as I saw that it was filled with a variety of equipment and people.
As we wandered into the middle of the room, I felt everyone's eyes on my little body. It was as if I had suddenly become the center of attention the moment I entered. I found myself responding on impulse. Arching my back and thrusting my tits out, instinctively trying to show myself off. The Cunt will always display its body without modesty. It wasn't long before a group had collected around us. My Master basked in the attention and his face glowed from all of the compliments.
"She's so beautiful," said one man.
"You've done a phenomenal job of training your slave," said another. "She is so well behaved!"
"What's her name?" An older man asked. He stood naked except for a thick black leather harness and the dog collar that adorned his wrinkled neck.
"She is the Cunt," my Master replied, his smile wide from the positive attention he was receiving.
"Right but what's your name?" Inquired a goth girl who was holding the leash of her slightly plump goth lesbian girlfriend as she stared into my eyes and visually inspected my body.
"That is her name," Master chimed in. "She is comfortable being addressed as the Cunt. Isn't that right?" He asked as he turned to me as he wrapped the chain leash around his thick hand.
"Yes Master, the Cunt is happy to be called the Cunt. That is its name after all."
"Wow, you guys certainly take your role-play to another level," the older man said. "I really respect that.
The goth girls nodded. "We don't kink shame and as long as it's safe, sane and consensual, we don't judge," the more dominant of the two said. "It was nice meeting both of you and have fun tonight cunt," she said with a wink.
The excitement over the newcomers subsided after a few minutes and most of the crowd resumed a variety of fetish activities. A tall imposing woman with long dark hair approached with a naked petite blonde girl who appeared to be about my age in tow on a leash, a drink carefully balanced in her small hand which she held just above the little pink nipples on her chest that bore small gold rings. The refined looking woman wore tight black leather, carried a crop and took confident strides in her highly polished thigh high boots. "I'm Lady Kara; it's a pleasure to meet you. Welcome to our little club night."
"The pleasure is mine. I'm Arnie and this is my slave, the Cunt."
"How delightful Arnie, it's so fun to rename our pets, isn't it? My slave for the evening is named Drink Holder. That's what she does for me you see. She follows me around like a horny little puppy carrying my drinks. Don't you dear?" She said turning to the little blonde submissive on her leash as she gently stroked the girl's cheek with a gloved hand.
"Yes Goddess, I am proud to be your drink holder Goddess," the elfin girl said while simultaneously bending into a careful curtsy.
I wondered if the little pierced blonde girl was as dedicated to her beautiful Mistress as I was to my Master, or was it part of the role-play fun that most of the other guests were enjoying. She certainly seemed well trained and had embraced her role fully either way.
Lady Kara eyed me with suspicion and turned her attention back to my Master. "No offense Arnie, but how on Earth did a man like you land a prize like this one? Did you kidnap and brainwash her?"
Master suddenly looked like a deer frozen in the headlights. His face went pale and he stood with his mouth agape. He was caught. Beads of sweat formed at his receding hairline and began to drip down his temples, gaining speed as they flowed downward toward his jaw line. In only a few minutes this woman had figured out exactly what he had done to me. His eyes darted back and forth, searching for an exit; contemplating his escape. Perhaps the back door or maybe going through the front was better. The air hung silent for an eternity. It was as if everything was occurring in slow motion and the police in full tactical gear would burst through the entryway in mere seconds.
"Oh don't be so serious dear, I'm only kidding," she said, breaking the awkward silence. "I think your cunt here is simply delightful and you should be commended for training her so exceptionally."
Master let out an uneasy laugh and he and the Goddess chatted for a while as I silently gazed around the room, taking in the assortment of activities that were occurring before me. To one side a full figured woman with a large bare backside was being spanked with a paddle while on the other side of me I saw two young men on leashes eagerly licking the boots of an attractive dominant middle aged couple. Everywhere around me people were naked, chained, leashed or engaged in some kind of hedonistic sexual activity.
"You know my dear Arnie that dress you have your little cunt in is enchanting of course, but I wonder if you would be so kind as to allow her to display herself to us. I would so enjoy getting a full view of the merchandise as it were," Lady Kara said with a purr as she stared at my lithe frame and licked her lips.
"Of course," Master replied, becoming more at ease with his new acquaintance. "I normally keep her naked anyway; we don't allow modesty in my house."
"With a body like hers, why would you?" She replied with a smirk.
My Master turned his attention to me and gave the order with a smile. "Remove your dress and shoes my obedient fuckdoll."
I nodded and whispered in reply "Yes Master, thank you for allowing the Cunt to display this body that Master owns."
"She is simply delightful," Lady Kara squealed in delight at my response and obedience.
I slid the shiny straps that held the black fetish dress in place on my small frame down my smooth shoulders and over my slender arms before pulling the smooth material down my petite body and carefully stepping out of it. I bent over keeping my knees straight as I had been taught to unbuckle the straps of my shoes and remove them from my tiny feet, thus providing the additional benefit of a pleasing view of my firm rear end as I performed my task.
I stacked the dress on top of the shoes in a neat pile and stood back up, my hands behind my back and my thighs spread slightly in the standing attention position.
"I always did like the small ones as evidenced by the little Drink Holder here", she said as she gazed intently at my lithe body, appraising every inch of me. "May I touch her?"
He nodded and she took a self-assured step toward me, gently brushing a strand of my long dark hair from my bright blue eyes, the back of her black leather gloved hand sliding down my soft cheek. She gazed at my firm tits and the way my puffy rose nipples stiffened in the open air. Her fingertips gently flicked the small silver bells attached to the rings embedded in my pink nubs and they jingled in an erotically pleasing melody in response.
Her leather clad digits danced down my flat tummy to my bald pubic mound, tickling my exposed skin upon which goose bumps were forming from the cool air of the facility. She tilted her head to get a better view of how my labia rings were attached to the bands of leather on my thighs, spreading my flaming pink flesh wide and pulling the sensitive tissue downward.
"Are her piercings your work Arnie?" She inquired.
"Indeed they are. Do you like them?"
"I do," she replied. "They are delightful. I simply love what you've done with her vaginal lips, so open and exposed; just splendid. She's holding her position very well too. Do you have her trained in any other ways?"
"Oh yeah, definitely," he answered with an air of pride. "Kneel!"
Without hesitation I bent my knees and descended until my knees hit the cold cement floor. I could feel the eyes on my diminutive body as I arched my back and thrust out my tits, spreading my toned thighs which in turn forced my fragrant pussy lips to open even further. My hands reached under my well formed udders and cupped them in offering and I held my position for my superiors as I had practiced for hours at a time in the basement.
"She is simply divine!" Lady Kara clapped with glee. "Do show me what other tricks she performs if you would be so kind."
"Of course Kara, it would be my pleasure; greet position!" Master said as he pointed at the floor in front of the dominatrix's shiny leather boots. I slid forward, pressing my forehead to the floor, my thin arms behind me and my ass pointing to the ceiling. "Thank the beautiful Goddess properly for her compliments."
"Thank you Ma'am for your kind words about the Cunt," I expressed as I moved my head forward to her boot, placing gentle kisses on it before sliding my soft pink tongue out and coating it with my sticky sweet saliva, lapping in long broad strokes up and down the smooth leather. The shiny metal bells attached to my nipples scraped against the hard floor as I maintained my ass in a skyward position.
"Oh my, your beautiful little cunt is an eager thing, isn't she? Don't forget the other boot dear," she said as she pulled her saliva covered footwear back and pressed the other boot against my waiting lips. "And do call me Goddess or Mistress, not Ma'am."
"Yes Goddess, the Cunt will address you properly Goddess," I whispered as my moist pink tongue deftly cleaned every inch of her shiny black boot.
She leaned forward, admiring the pink jeweled cap of the anal intruder that stretched my rectum and pressed on it, pushing it deeper inside me. "Properly plugged too, my dear Arnie it seems you've thought of everything."
"I do try to be thorough Lady Kara," he replied with an inflection of pride. "I keep her plugged most of the time and we use enemas to keep her clean inside."
The Mistress nodded to my Master, approving of his revelation and snapped her fingers in the direction of the willowy blonde slave. Instantly Drink Holder scooted next to where I was stationed and knelt down before her owner while holding the glass above her head in an offering stance. Lady Kara enjoyed a sip of the beverage before putting it back in her servant's hand. "Drink Holder here has the same plug but with a red cap. Princess plugs make our toys so pretty. You may return to your place behind me, Drink Holder," she commanded.
"Yes Goddess," she said as she quickly returned to stand dutifully behind her Mistress.
"These little subbies just love to serve don't they? Was the Cunt always this submissive?" Lady Kara inquired of my Master.
"She required a lot of training and correction as you can imagine, but she's much happier this way, aren't you my fuck puppet?" Master said, turning his attention to me.
"Yes Master, the Cunt is much happier as Master's well trained animal," I replied in between long licks of Lady Kara's boot.
"If you think that's impressive, watch this," my Master stated in a boastful tone. "Masturbate."
My cheeks burned red with humiliation. There must have been hundreds of people in this room and now I was to put on a show for them when I had never played with myself in front of anyone except Master before. There could be no wavering however, for the Cunt's rule number two made things abundantly clear. The Cunt will obey every command from its Master without hesitation. I had no choice in the matter, a fact that my body already recognized as I instinctively got into position; the skin of my bare rear pressing into the cool cement floor. As I spread my legs wide, the chains attached to my labial rings pulled my sex open, revealing my innermost pink tissue to the throngs of carnal pleasure seekers whose full attention my display was quickly capturing.
I grabbed my left tit and squeezed hard as my right hand moved between my toned thighs. My index finger gathered a generous helping of slick girl lube from my fleshy love tunnel and I slid it up to my engorged clit which had begun to peek out from behind the soft pink hood from which a thick silver ring dangled freely. I closed my eyes and drifted into a world of my own making. I wasn't even aware of the mantras that were flowing effortlessly from my full crimson lips as I rubbed and circled my sensitive little clitty.
"The Cunt exists for its Master. Every part of the Cunt's body is owned. The Cunt will make its fluids delicious for its owner. The Cunt is nothing without its Master." I wasn't even aware of the circle of onlookers who had gathered around me to indulge in the visual spectacle that was my own self gratification. So many eyes bore deep into my soul by way of the soft tissue between my slender legs; watching with interest as my firm left udder began to turn purple from the force with which I was squeezing it.
Suddenly I heard my Master's voice bring me back to reality. "Stop! Kneel position," he commanded.
I reluctantly removed my delicate fingers from my pierced pussy, let go of my throbbing tit and returned to my kneeling position gently cupping my exposed udders and waiting patiently as the two dominants continued their conversation and the crowd that had gathered returned to their previous endeavors. I only overheard bits and pieces, my attention consumed by the variety of activities taking place all around me.
Dominants stared at my little body with desire and submissives seemed to view me as a compatriot, as if I was their sister in servitude. I felt a tingle of happiness flow through my exposed body from that thought, that perhaps I wasn't that different. Surely they were just like me, existing only to serve their owners. It almost felt like I was part of a special club.
"Does she enjoy cunnilingus Arnie? You know, servicing another woman?" She asked.
"She'll pleasure anyone she is commanded to, gender makes no difference. Only her obedience matters. That having been said she has far more experience with the male anatomy as I've enjoyed her oral attention on numerous occasions as you can imagine, but I'm afraid she hasn't had much opportunity to practice her skills at licking a, um, you know, a pussy."
"Yes Arnie, you are no doubt aware that I'm intimately familiar with what a pussy is, having been the proud owner of one for nearly forty one years."
My Master gave a sheepish grin in an attempt to hide his awkwardness as the imposing dominatrix continued to speak.
You know, your cunt would be a wonderful addition to a private little soiree I'm having next month," Lady Kara mentioned to my Master as her well manicured fingers gently stroked my long raven hair. "Perhaps I could entice you to bring her by for a lovely evening. I can assure you it will be nothing but fun."
"That does sound enjoyable, thank you for the invitation."
"Of course, I'll have the Drink Holder give you the details before you leave. Now if you'll excuse me, it's time for Drink Holder to demonstrate her oral skills on that pussy we were discussing earlier. Please have an exquisite evening and I look forward to seeing more of your cunt soon." As she walked away, Lady Kara gave the small blonde girl's leash a harsh yank forcing the petite sub girl to dutifully fall in line behind her Mistress.
No sooner had the magnetic Lady Kara and her obedient slave girl left when Master was greeted by the tenor of another female voice.
"Hey Allen right, I hope you and your sub are having a great time at the event tonight." A pair of black platform boots came into my view and I recognized the voice as belonging to Mistress Anna, the woman who greeted us at the entrance with her husband. As I looked over, I could see that indeed Bryan was two steps behind her; the leash that ran from his collar to her dainty hand pulled taut.
My eyes drifted to between the naked male slave's legs where I caught a glimpse of his cock which hung freely and was devoid of any hair, just like the rest of his body. Although it was in a semi flaccid state as he came near, from the moment I caught him staring at my naked little body I could see his member twitching and throbbing, becoming erect. It was already several inches long despite not being fully hard and I wondered just how much bigger it would get. There was no question that it was far more impressive than anything my Master in his pants. As I stared at it, my tongue instinctively ran across my lips, my mouth began to water and I felt throbs of need between my legs. Indeed I had become a well trained whore.
"It's Arnie actually," my Master replied meekly. "We're having a fun time, thanks."
"Oh right, I'm so sorry," Anna replied as she twirled a strand of pure blonde hair around her index finger. "It's been such a busy night and there have been so many newcomers, it's hard to keep up sometimes. Glad you're getting on well then. If I may ask, what kinds of fetishes do you guys enjoy?"
"What do you mean?" Master asked with a quizzical look on his face.
"For example Bryan and I..."
"Don't you mean slave boy and I?" Bryan interrupted with a grin.
Suddenly Anna turned and grabbed Bryan's cock and balls and began to squeeze. "The slave does not correct his Mistress, is that understood?"
"Yes Mistress Anna, please let me beg for your forgiveness."
"Don't worry slave boy, there will be plenty of opportunities for you to make it up to me later," she said with a playful wink before releasing him and turning back to Master. "Anyway, the slave boy and I enjoy a variety of activities. We love exhibitionism of course as well as humiliation play, TPE, objectification and even pet play, mostly puppy and pony."
"I'm sorry, pony?" My Master asked in confusion.
"Oh right, sometimes I forget that it's a niche fetish. It's a form of animal role-play. The sub takes on an equine role and it's all in good fun. We have bits, bridles, harnesses and all kinds of toys. Bryan and I have a small farm so when the mood hits us we'll go up and do some training or tour the property while getting some good carting practice. If you haven't tried it you definitely should."
Master shook his head and replied "it all sounds like a lot to be honest. I wouldn't know where to begin."
"Oh that's easy! Your girl here has a great body by the way, just stunning; she'd be an absolutely gorgeous ponygirl. Tell you what, why don't you guys come up to our farm next weekend and we'll introduce you to it. I really think you guys are going to love pony play. The first time we did it we were hooked."
"True," Bryan interjected, "but as I recall you were the pony that first time we did it, and what a beautiful mare you were."
Anna nodded. "I still find myself in tack once in a while, especially when Bryan turns the tables on me, but I just love to see my stallion here decked out and ready for a ride," she said as her fingertips grazed the stiff nipples on his hairless chest. "I'll send the directions to the email you provided when you signed in, does that sound good?"
"How can we say no to that," Master responded as Anna reached down and stroked my face.
"She's just so cute!" The thirty year old blonde dominant said to no one in particular before looking me in the eyes. "I want to do some really naughty things to you little slave girl." The petite Mistress expressed a bright smile before straightening up, gave a little wave and tugged Bryan's leash. He dutifully followed his shapely Mistress, his now fully erect cock sticking out by at least nine or ten inches, as they wandered off to mingle with the other revelers.
Master allowed me to stand back up. We spent time wandering around the affair, me in tow by my leash, a condition that was common among the owned slaves of the room. I witnessed girls being flogged and whipped and boys being penetrated by either Mistresses with strap-ons or their Masters. The range of methods by which the various slaves were punished was exceeded only by the different ways in which they attempted to pleasure and serve those around them.
I was standing next to my Master watching two attractive slave girls perform a lesbian show for the entertainment of the dominant couple who owned them as well as anyone else who was watching. It was almost like something from one of the porn videos that I had been masturbating to for so long and a part of me felt a tinge of jealousy that I wasn't in there with them. I felt a hand rub my firm rear before gripping it hard. I didn't move and stared straight ahead at the erotic show before me. Through the course of the night I had discovered that often my Master would rub my rear, squeeze my tits or even flick the ring on my clit hood. He loved playing with his little toy and I enjoyed the attention.
I felt my anal plug being pushed deeper inside me followed by a sharp smack to on my right butt cheek. "This is quite a girl you have here buddy," an unknown male voice said behind me. Master and I turned around to face a muscular young guy with wavy blonde hair who was wearing a tight black t-shirt. Although my Master towered over me, he wasn't a particularly tall man, especially in relation to other men. As such, the guy in front of us loomed over him, making him look small and weak by comparison. "She looks like she could use a spanking though. You want a real man to spank you honey?"
I said nothing as his hand gripped my exposed rear again, providing it with another sharp slap. "Please stop touching her," my Master squeaked out.
"Or what? I don't understand what a prize like her is doing with a loser dork like you in the first place. You pay her? Is she a fucking pro? She is, isn't she? The only way a retard loser like you could get a girl this hot would be to pay her. She's a whore, who will fuck anyone and anything, aren't you bitch?" He grabbed me by my hips and pulled me into him. I could feel the hard member under his pants as he started grinding against me, pushing my plug deep into my rectum.
Master's face turned red and his breathing became erratic. His mouth was agape as if he wanted to say something but no sound came out. The guy's hand left my hip and grasped my right tit, roughly kneading it as he flicked his tongue on the upper ridge of my ear. "Yeah this bitch is all wound up aren't you? You want my dick, don't you girl? You're like a dog who wants her bone, aren't you?"
I looked around but everyone else was so enthralled in the show or in their own activities that no one cared to interfere in the matter. The guy quickly jerked the leash out of Master's hand and moved in close, his face mere inches from my Master's, and spoke in a growling whisper. "I'm going to go into a private room and give this prostitute whore the spanking she deserves and if she takes her punishment, maybe I'll give her a little reward. You say a fucking word about it and I'll beat the ever loving crap out of you. I will end you mother fucker, got it you fucking loser?"
My Master just stood there, silent. Not moving an inch as my leash was yanked by the man and I was pulled into a private play room with a St. Andrew's cross on one side and a sofa on the other. He sat on the worn black leather couch and pulled down on my leash, throwing my small body over his lap as if I was a toy. He slowly rubbed my smooth exposed ass, pressing my plug as his fingers danced over my pierced labium, lightly tugging on the chains that connected them to my thigh bands. Suddenly he gave a sharp spank that cut across both of my firm cheeks, leaving them red and burning. I sniffled as a salty tear dripped down my soft cheek.
"You're going to count the spanks for me you dumb bitch, understand?"
"Yes Sir. One," I responded with a trembling voice.
"You're such a stupid whore aren't you? You will thank me after each one as well."
"Yes Sir, thank you Sir."
Another sharp slap came down on my tender skin, this time exclusively to my right butt cheek. "Two Sir, Thank you Sir," I said as my body shook.
"That's a good bitch. See, you can be a good whore for me, can't you?"
"Yes Sir, the Cunt can be a good whore for you Sir."
"Look at you calling yourself a cunt. You really do get off on this degradation shit don't you? You love this! Tell me how much you love it whore."
"The Cunt loves it Sir."
"Yeah, I like that. Keep calling yourself a cunt while we do this. That's so fucking hot."
A sharp slap struck my left butt cheek leaving it hot with pain. "Three Sir, thank you Sir, "I cried out as more tears began to drip freely from my crystal blue eyes.
"Tell me what you are bitch."
"The Cunt is a whore Sir."
"Yeah you spread your legs for any cock, don't you? Tell me what else you are."
I tried to think of what he wanted to hear. I was confused and desperate for some structure, something to hold on to. I knew my Master was furious but what would he do? Would he fry my brain because I was draped naked over this abusive stranger's lap, already being punished as it was? "The Cunt is a stupid bitch Sir; the Cunt is a prostitute who loves to suck cocks Sir."
"I knew it! I knew exactly what you were the minute I saw that tight little fucking body of yours. I knew a bitch as fine as you couldn't be with a loser like that unless that little honey pot of yours was for sale." He brought down another sharp slap that covered both of my firm cheeks in a throbbing pain that coated my skin. "Four Sir, thank you Sir," I said through my tears.
"What are you thanking me for you dumb bimbo whore?"
"The Cunt is thanking Sir for spanking it. Thank you for punishing the Cunt Sir."
Another smack on my tender skin and I shouted out "Five Sir, thank you Sir," as my vision became blurry through my tears.
He began to tenderly rub my red inflamed ass. Somehow this thug was capable of gentle touches as he felt my smooth skin and his fingers once more returned between my toned thighs to touch my the sensitive pink flesh of my sex.
"Oh my god, you're so fucking wet. You love this you little whore don't you? It's making you wet! You can't wait to get a dick in you can you?"
I knew it was true. As humiliating, confusing and terrible as this ordeal was, for some reason I was aroused. I liked it. Could it have been that I had become conditioned to enjoy this kind of treatment? Maybe I was always a whore.
Stand the fuck up bimbo bitch," he commanded and I quickly responded, pushing myself up on weak legs, facing him. "Get on your knees like a good cock sucker; I'm going to give you something tasty to suck on."
As I bent my shaky legs until my knees touched the soft red carpet that covered the floor of the space, he quickly unbuckled his belt and shoved his tight jeans down. His already erect cock sprung out and bobbed about, twitching and throbbing. Although it appeared smaller than Bryan's large member, it was definitely much larger than what Master possessed. "Well bitch, it's not going to suck itself."
I took a deep breath and leaned forward, gently kissing the head and moving down the shaft, planting my lips upon it. "Oh come on whore," he shouted angrily, "haven't you ever sucked a fucking cock before? Put it in your fucking mouth already!"
I moved my mouth back up to the head and opened it in an O shape to accommodate its larger girth than what I was used to. I slowly pushed my head down on it, feeling it slide over my tongue to the back of my throat. The guy grabbed the back of my head, pulling on my long black hair, forcing me down to the bottom of his shaft. My gag reflex was activated, something that never happened even when Master's cock was fully in my mouth. I started to choke and my eyes began to water. I couldn't breathe but he kept holding his cock to the back of my throat.
Finally he released and I gasped for air as his cock slid back to the entrance of my mouth. He vigorously pulled my head up and down on his shaft, back and forth forcing me to face fuck his member until finally I could feel his cock begin to twitch and throb. He started to shift and make grunting sounds until ultimately I felt a familiar spray of gooey white semen enter my warm, wet orifice. His cock slid out of my mouth, a thick stream of saliva sliding past my lips he pushed my head off of him. I tried to hold the cum in my mouth until given permission to swallow as I had been taught, but he pushed me down to the rug and as my head hit the floor, the cum dribbled past my ruby lips and down my chin to my udders and the soft red fibers beneath me.
He stood, pulled up his jeans and buckled them before pushing past my Master who had been standing at the door watching us, red faced with fists clenched. I curled up into a ball, my little body shaking as I sobbed. "Get up cunt," my Master snarled. "You have no idea how disappointed I am in you. You have displeased me greatly. You are a bad animal. Bad!"
I swiftly moved on to my shaky legs, my ass a burning red, mascara dripping down my face in long black streaks and my chin and tits coated in a slimy mixture of cum and saliva. I rapidly twisted my body back and forth causing my nipple bells to jingle loudly. I wanted to speak. I needed Master to know that it wasn't my fault, that I would never betray him. My head was in a fog of misery and despair. "I don't want to hear it," he barked. I stopped my fruitless movements, feeling a pit of gloom fill my little tummy.
He jerked the leash that was attached to my shock collar with one hand as the other was occupied with my shoes and dress. He took rapid strides through the club toward the door and I heard an older woman at the reception desk yell out "she can't go out there naked", but we were already out the door with no regard for her words.
He marched across the parking lot with me struggling to keep up, my bare feet trying desperately to avoid shards of broken glass on the hard asphalt surface. We reached his aged Toyota Corolla that sat alone at the far end of the lot illuminated by a solitary lamp and a light mist of fog filled the air. He opened the door and loomed over me, staring with a spiteful glare that could melt the polar ice caps. I felt small and weak, inferior and worthless. I was nothing without my Master. His pleasure was everything to me and right now there was no pleasure.
Suddenly his hand flew out and he struck the side of my face with a powerful slap. My exposed little body fell hard against the rusted side panel of the car and my hand reached up to comfort my tender burning skin. Tears filled my swollen red eyes as he grabbed me roughly by the arm to lift me up and shove me in the passenger seat of the car. I sat shivering in the cool air, my head throbbing from the pain of his strike as well as the torture of having displeased him. My Master used my dress as a hood to cover my head, and my world was plunged into darkness. The silence of the journey was interrupted only by my occasional sobs, until finally I passed out from exhaustion.
Continued in Trapped, Trained and Twisted Pt. 07
(Thank you so much for reading my story! Please give me a good rating because this makes me feel good and be sure to leave respectful comments because I seriously adore hearing from you and seeing your thoughts and getting into good discussions.
Keep in mind that I know this story might not be for everyone. It has some pretty dark parts in it that may make some people uncomfortable, but it was written to explore the psychology and methods of this kind of transformation. If its not your cup of tea, don't give it a bad rating, just move on and leave the rating judgement to people who enjoy this type of content and can evaluate it without a negative bias.
Also be sure to follow me because I've written a good number of stories and there's going to be a lot more of this one as well).