Susan surprises Edward on the Hotel balcony
NOTICE: Copyright © 2021 - This is an original work by EdwardKalb and is protected under copyright by U.S. copyright law. It is only submitted at Literotica.com and the Author has not authorized any submission to any other site.
Author's Note: This is the continuation of the journey of a man and a woman trying to re-ignite the passion in their marriage after raising 3 kids. In Part I, the experiences of a vacation to the Caribbean a year ago proved life-changing and marriage saving. The flame ignited in that trip began to burn a bit hotter each day since. Now this couple wants to explore new erotic adventures and see where this road takes them...
(This story contains real-life experiences and re-counts actual events of our life. The writer enhanced the story with certain (small) details. If you are looking for a quick fuck and suck story, this is not for you. These stories are based on my (real) life experiences)
If you haven't read the previous chapters, I suggest that you do so...
---------------------
The next morning Susan lay awake as Edward continued breathing deeply next to her. She loved that feeling of security of having her husband sleep with his arms around her - in a way she felt 'protected.' She closed her eyes with the feeling of contentment as she reminisced of the previous day.
While they made love last night, Edward was very vocal, talking about how turned on he got when she removed her top. He talked about other men watching her, running their eyes over her, her curves, her flat stomach, before focusing on her firm b-cup tits. She was only topless for about thirty minutes, but it was clear he loved every minute.
They had role-played in the bedroom before, but this time, Edward pretended to be one of those men seducing and taking her sexually. It was hot...it was passionate, it was - as if they were new lovers. Susan really enjoyed the amorous attention from her husband. While initially apprehensive of such a scenario, she had to admit; she found last night quite arousing and no doubt contributed to their strong mutual orgasms.
Just then Edward began to stir. Susan moved her ass back up against Edward and gave a little wiggle as she settled in. In no time she felt Edward's cock growing between her ass cheeks. Thinking about the scenario painted by her husband last night simply added to her growing horniness, and became a constant tease within her mind. She was ashamed to admit; the fantasy scenario her husband portrayed as they role-played pushed her buttons. She liked feeling sexy and desirable, and dare say...naughty.
The pleasant memories still fresh in her mind, she felt moisture welling between her legs. She squeezed her thighs together to feel the delicate throb of arousal.
Susan couldn't help but reach around to stroke Edward's cock, tracing the outline of his phallus under the sheet. His member responded involuntarily, and Susan could feel it pulse getting more erect and harder from her touch.
Slowly, she pulled back the sheet and took in the vision of her husband's cock. She had no idea what had come over her, but suddenly, she needed it in her mouth.
She leaned forward, her hand grabbing, then sliding up and down the member. Then she moved down, her lips clamping around the top of her husband's shaft. Although barely aware of her actions, Edward's body responded, jerking involuntarily in response.
Susan slowly swirled her tongue around the head, then licked up and down the shaft and suckled the head like a lollipop purely to satisfy her own craving.
Although still asleep, when she brought her lips to his still-growing erection, Susan smiled when she heard her husband groan as she slowly took the head into her mouth. She was not the type of woman to spontaneously suck a cock, but there she was moving down and practically drooling to have his hard cock in her mouth.
Of course, it was not long before Edward awoke completely. He looked down to the incredible sight of his wife devouring his cock. He could not remember when, or even if, she had done this in the past. The erotic sight coupled with the incredible feeling of her tongue and lips had him at full arousal in no time.
He began a movement with his hips that moved his cock up and down and side to side, matching the rhythmic movements of his seductive wife. She looked up with coquettish eyes but continued her adoration on his cock. The sight of his wife looking and acting like a sexy vixen was almost too much for Edward.
Then she moved up to his chest and sucked a nipple in her mouth and gently nibbled. Who was this woman?
Edward leaned forward and kissed his wife on the back of the neck, then worked his way across her shoulders. His hands began to explore her boobs, gently caressing her tits and tweaking her nipples.
As her husband stroked her breasts and his cock moved between the folds of her slit, Susan felt her own body respond, flaring up like a tidal wave of arousal. Heat built between her legs as her breasts tightened from the combination of her husband's touch coupled with the images left in her memory from the role-playing scenario of the night before.
Edward worked his hand down to Susan's pussy. He began a slow circular motion over her lips and flicked her clit. He explored between her lips and found her getting wetter.
As he lightly circled just above Susan's pussy, he felt her breathing increase. He heard his wife gasp when he worked a finger in. He pushed a second finger in, then a third, and her hot, soft, and very wet pussy accepted the additional digits easily.
"Damn girl...you are so wet! That is SO sexy!" He wanted to fuck her, right there and then.
Susan saw bright sun through the narrow crack of the blackout curtains. She looked at the bedside clock. It was 9:00 AM, late by their standards.
"Shit! It's 9:00 AM already!" Susan exclaimed.
She said, "We need to get going, get up, get dressed, and have breakfast before the breakfast restaurant closes at 10!"
She got out of bed and walked over to the balcony door. As she passed the large mirror above the dresser she stopped, flipped her hair, and looked up and down at the refection of her naked self in the mirror. Normally she would have hurried by, unwilling to appear narcissistic, even to herself. But she stood there, to self-examine herself.
What she saw was not the normal, somewhat straight-laced near fifty-year-old suburban housewife she was used to seeing. The woman looking back at her from the mirror was practically a complete stranger; her chest heaving and flushed from sexual excitement, her nipples hard and enticing, and her eyes having the look of a sex-crazed nympho. In other words, the opposite of everything she had been.
She turned to the side, then to her back. She examined her tits, her legs, and her ass. Someone else who might have been sharing the view would have seen a tall blonde with shoulder length hair in her late forties, 5'8" tall. The curves of her toned body accentuated her waist, before moving to her hips giving her that desirable hourglass look.
Her 38b breasts were pert and her skin was soft and smooth, defying her age. A flat stomach led down to a thin strip of pubic hair, her 'landing strip' that she dutifully trimmed and maintained as her husband had requested
After bearing children, she once focused on her flaws. But this time was different."Maybe Edward is right...maybe I do look good for my age!"she thought.
She noticed the tan lines from her bikini imprinted on her body. The distinction between the 'top' and the 'bottom' was evidence that she had in fact spent about a half hour sunbathing topless on the beach. He nipples were noticeably darker than her usual light pink buds. She felt her pulse increase and her body heating up at the thought.
She shivered at the shock of the air-conditioning kicking on, which resulted in those darkened nipples becoming tight little nubs. Despite the best efforts of outside forces to cool her down, the warm tingling feeling of arousal continued to spread through her body.
She walked to the sliding door, pushed the curtains open, and opened the sliding door. The sound got Edward's attention. He propped himself up and watched the morning sun create a silhouette of his beautiful wife. What a beautiful sight, he thought, as he admired the hourglass curves of his woman.
The warm sun felt exquisite on her body. Susan looked out and saw people milling about below their third floor balcony. She contemplated. The possibility of being seen in all her glory was there, right before her. She couldn't, could she?
She didn't know why she did it, but suddenly Susan stepped out onto the balcony! She could not explain it, but immediately she felt more euphoric and carefree; as if her entire body was floating in a pool of rediscovery, and the fear of being seen naked by strangers left her.
She could not believe how radically things had changed in the mere span of a year. She had gone from a shy, typically conservatively dressed housewife fearful of being body shamed to now, deliberately exposing her bare body to anyone who cared to look.
Now Edward, being the voyeur he is, jumped up out of bed. He watched as his wife turned to him one last time with excitement in her eyes and, in a teasing fashion, giving him one last look before walking out onto the balcony."Holy shit! What is she doing?"
Time froze as he wondered what she was doing.
His conservative, vanilla wife is standing out on the balcony naked in broad daylight! Could anyone see her? He had no idea if anyone was watching, but if they were they were treated to the most amazing view of his nude wife. Then in his twisted, perverse mind, his arousal grew - he actually wanted people could see her. How hot would that be?
Then he watched as she turned with a naughty grin on her face and walked all the way out to the railing! He could not believe it!!
Edward moved closer to the door. Susan looked into the sun, closed her eyes and stretched. She seemed to be just enjoying the warm sunshine and gentle morning breezes on her body. Was she oblivious to the obvious?
"You know, you are really turning me on right now," he said.
"The sun, the breeze, it feels great out here honey, why don't you come out and see what I mean?"
Just then she turned to Edward and her jaw dropped. Edward's erection was HUGE, sticking straight out and slightly throbbing. Susan felt a warm flush and her pussy tingling seeing her man at full attention. She was surprised that her husband was hard again and so quickly. She liked it. She felt inspired to push her boundaries.
"Oh my God! You are really hard! Do you like seeing me out here?"
"I do, honey. You know I love it when you are daring and you know I love showing off your body. This is really an unexpected treat for me because somebody may see you. I mean itisbroad daylight!"
Susan looked over the railing. "Too late...someone has ALREADY seen me! There are a couple of landscapers staring up at me right now!" she said as she waved to them.
She heard whistles and cheers, but instead of embarrassment or humiliation, she felt a thrill course through her. Looking around again and seeing the admiring stares of all the men, her body once again filled with lust.
Susan did not consider herself an exhibitionist, but she stood proudly in front of her admirers and could not deny the feeling of wanton desire as strangers applauded her brazen act.
"Really??? Shit!! That is so hot!!" Edward said excitedly as he moved out onto the balcony. The sun was casting a morning glow on his wife's nipples. The wind was gently caressing her hair and her ass looked so inviting as she leaned slightly forward over the balcony rail. The move surprisingly only enhanced her exposure.
Edward put his arms around her and gave her a hug from behind. He looked around. Sure enough, two landscapers were still there. They had stopped working and were leaning on their tools, looking up at his naked wife.
Further, there were many other people milling about as well, walking about to and from the restaurants, taking jogs around the paths, or otherwise just enjoying the immaculately groomed grounds. They were only 3 floors up, so it was not like his wife was so high up that no one could make out that there was a beautiful blonde woman on the balcony naked.
From that short distance, anyone could easily see her tits, her hardening nipples, and her nicely trimmed narrow tuft of hair above her pussy forming the 'landing strip.'
Edward's hands moved to cup his wife's breasts. Looking down again, he confirmed the landscapers were still focused on Susan. He was shocked not only that his wife remained in clear view of those men, but also that she was not halting his advance. He looked at the voyeurs directly, still cupping and almost presenting his wife's breasts to them.
Normally, Susan would not have allowed such an indecent and salacious act, and would have pushed away and chastised her husband for his forwardness. But now, with the flush of heat rushing through her body, she said nothing and actually welcomed his touch, simply standing there, letting her husband do as he pleased.
Then as he moved his hands downward, Edward found his wife's pussy still oozing with her sex juices, and so wet it was practically dripping! He felt her quiver from this touch. Then his nude wife surprised him further when he felt her began grinding on his very active fingers. His lubricated fingers easily glided in and out of her open pussy and along her clit, and his hands and fingers quickly became soaked.
Susan shuddered as her husband's fingers gently touched and then entered her crotch, completely forgetting they were in public. Another time, another place Susan would have stopped Edward. But not here, not now!
And Susan had never felt so horny in her life.
She gasped when her husband's fingers found the mark, concentrating on her engorged clit. Susan moaned involuntarily, the intimate sensation of his touch allowed her pent-up arousal to now freely flow through her. As his finger and thumb squeezed then pulled on her clit, her body almost melted on his hand.
She felt her breathing quicken and heat building deep within her loins as her husband's fingers continued an orchestrated dance around her pussy. Susan loved the feeling of Edward's fingers in her pussy and his cock between her ass cheeks. Her body tightened, eager for a sexual release as her intense arousal once more came to the forefront.
She looked up and saw a man on another balcony staring tensely at her. A couple on another adjoining balcony was also watching intently. Strangely, she no longer cared who was watching and freely accepted her husband's finger exploring her eager love tunnel. As her intense arousal once more came to the forefront, her body tightened eagerly for release, her mind no longer worried about her shameless display.
She began to move her hips in concert with his movements while her tits swayed back and forth on her chest. She turned and looked at her husband, no longer caring who was watching, or even thinking about her shameless display.
With eyes closed and lips parted slightly, his wife was overtaken with sexual energy. Edward leaned in and kissed his sultry wife.
Feeling her husband's hard cock pressed into her abdomen, Susan hungrily kissed him back. Even though she knew it was wrong, she liked the look of desire in her husband's eyes for her.
So engulfed in the moment, she turned, planted her two hands on the rail in front of her, spread her legs willfully, bit her lip, and seductively shook her ass while looking back at her husband with lust in her eyes.
Edward could take a hint. This woman wanted to fuck -- right there, right now! And his cock ached for a release.
"I just love how sexy you are this morning...you are so hot baby!" He lustily said to her and then moved forward and pushed her shoulders down further. The action caused his wife's tits to hang just above the railing. With his other hand, he gave his cock a few strokes and in one very quick motion plunged his phallus deep inside his wife's pussy.
Susan gasped as her husband's cock slid between the folds of her slit, sinking deep into her vagina. As he slowly pulled back, she gasped a sharp intake of air mixed with a partial groan, her pussy attempting to keep his manhood inside her.
Then he thrust forward again, his cock sinking even further into, her own arousal lubricating the entirety of his cock.
"Oh baby...what are we doing!? This is crazy!" Susan screamed, burying her face onto the railing in confusion, embarrassment, and shame.
But Edward said nothing. Instead, he pushed again, filling her with the exquisite and satisfying feeling of finally having sexual intercourse.
Susan let out a moan as her hips pushed back, attempting to sink her husband's fleshy manhood deeper inside her. As she grabbed ahold of the railing tightly for stability, pleasure sensations coursed through her body. She opened her eyes and stared at the men watching her. To her surprise, their intent stares gave her a thrill. She reached above and behind her to bring Edward's head to her neck.
Susan was in another dimension. She no longer cared where she was or who was watching. She bit her lower lip and looked at the men. What began as an innocent show of flesh became a lewd display of her husband fucking her pussy in broad daylight in front of an audience.
Her body was completely overcome with lust as her husband continued thrusting in and out of her in a steady rhythm, echoing with the steady 'slap-slap-slap' sound of him plunging against her ass. Susan closed her eyes and moaned loudly.
Hearing her moan, Edward knew she was getting what she wanted. He kissed her neck and continued long, slow movements, his cock moving methodically deep in and almost all the way out of her pussy.
Edward looked down. In addition to the landscapers, more people were out. He looked across the way and could see people on other balconies. He looked at Susan and saw her eyes following people walking below. He could not believe it. Although still a distance separated them from others, they were actually having sex in public! Did she know about those people on the balconies? And if so, was it actually possible Susan enjoyed being watched? Did she enjoy the attention? Was she a closet exhibitionist?
The thought turned him on even more. He took a solid hold of his wife's hips to gain leverage and picked up the pace. He quickly found a good, fast rhythm and could hear the sloppy sounds of a very wet pussy being fucked hard. His wife's boobs jiggled more with every thrust. Soon he had her moaning out loud.
Susan could not believe her husband could be so big and so hard as it continued to impale her over and over. She had to hold onto the railing for balance - she had never felt him like this. She wondered, what was the cause of such arousal?
And yet, they continued to fuck furiously, as if they were teenagers again.
With her husband slamming into her cervix over and over, her husband's body pinning her against the balcony rail, her breasts swaying wildly from his body slamming into hers, Susan lost all track of time and even of her surroundings. She threw her head from side to side, her blonde hair flying wildly.
As her husband's cock plunged deeply into her core, Susan felt her body tense from his manhood driving into her. She tried to clamp her pussy down upon her husband's dick; trying to relish every stroke. Finally, with toes curled and the convulsions from wave after wave of heat and passion flooding her body, she cried out. As her body convulsed in ecstasy, her grunts became guttural.
Just as Susan began to tense up, and as Edward felt a powerful orgasm erupt from her loins, he realized he also was beyond the point of no return. Seconds later, his wife's orgasm tickled his shaft into unleashing its own explosion.
He groaned out loud as an eruption of hot cum spewed onto Susan's leg, with some shooting between the balusters of the railing and landing 3 floors below.
Edward looked down at his cock. It was still throbbing. He looked out and saw the two workers a mere 40 feet away looking up at him. They gave Edward a thumbs-up and returned to trimming bushes. He knew they just watched him fuck his wife.
Surprisingly the thought of others watching them fuck excited Edward. But, he still didn't know ifsheknew. Should he tell his wife? It may really excite her also - or, it may embarrass her to the point that she would never have sex outdoors again. Edward chose not to say anything. At least not yet.
"I can't believe we just did that!" Susan's voice was nervous, confused, aroused.
As soon as he caught my breath, Edward looked at her, "I love it when you are a naughty girl, sweetheart!"
"We may have to bottle of that to take home!!" purred Susan in a deep voice. "By the way, I appreciate you pulling out so I don't have cum leaking out of my pussy all morning. Thanks for the morning fuck! Now let's get breakfast!"
With that, Susan turned and kissed Edward, and then before walking back into the room, waved and yelled "¡Que tengas un buen día!" to the workers below. The two men below waved back.
Edward started chubbing up again...
To be continued...