We walk into the upscale department store, slowly meandering through the aisles like small stream on a warm summer day. Aimlessly wandering, looking to see if something piques our interest, we walk hand in hand. I of course, am holding several bags from stores that caught your fancy(though the lingerie store caught mine as well!) and now it's my turn to browse.
I don't need anything in particular. I am not a huge fan of shopping, but strolling around with you makes it much more bearable. A well dressed, attractive sales lady strolls over and asks if we need any assistance. I casually smile and thank her, but decline the offer. My thumb strokes your thumb as we stroll through the store, reaching the men's section.
After a few minutes of looking, I see some shirts and pants I like. As you previously taught me, I ALWAYS try them on to check the fit and look. I grab some items, nuzzle your ear with my nose, then give you a light peck on the cheek and say, "I'm going to head to the dressing room to try a few things on"
"Make sure you step out so I can advise!" you reply.
"Always, my beautiful." I walk back to the dressing room area and go to the farthest door. The room is surprisingly large, with mirrors on three walls, and a long bench with vinyl seating along the back walls. There are also plenty of hooks for items I brought in. "Damn nice dressing room!" I whisper to myself. I start to undress to try on some of the clothes I brought in. I put on the first shirt and pants combo, and head out to show you.
Oooh, sexy!" you say.
"You're getting me turned on in those clothes!" I give you a devilish grin and head back to the dressing room. I come out with the second outfit and you run your hands down my shoulders, spin me around, move your hands to my back, and then give my ass a squeeze.
"Me likey!" you say. The sales lady walks by and comments,
"You look very nice!" I confidently stride back to the dressing room.
I have taken off the shirt and pants I was trying on, and I am surprised when I her the door latch opened. You slyly peek your head through and whisper, "I wasn't kidding when I said I was getting turned on" You slink your way into the dressing room, and your well manicured hand rests on my chest. I feel your sexy fingernails as you draw them down my chest, at a snail's pace. I see you bite your lower lip as you take in my half-naked form. Your other hand pinches my big nipples and you push me back against the wall.
You tongue slithers out of your wet, full lips and circles my nipple like a bird of prey circling its next meal. My hands find your trim waist and I pull your hips against me so you can feel the erection growing in my briefs.
Your lips suck on my nipple, leaving lipstick marks all around it. You pull my hair back with your hand and start licking and kissing my neck. I am loving this aggressive side of you! You push your breasts into my chest, and I feel your hardening nipples poke into me.
My hands move down your waist and squeeze your sumptuous ass cheeks. I feel like a baker kneading the perfect dough. So firm and fine, with just the right amount of jiggle...Our lips find each other and we kiss deeply, passionately-our tongues exploring each other's mouths. We each feel the other's heart beat faster. A soft moan escapes your lips.
"Is everything ok in there?" a sudden, unexpected voice causes our muscles to tighten, our movements to freeze.
"Anything else you need?" says the sales lady.
I break our kiss, "Uh, umm, I am good right now. I have some hard, very hard (winking at you) decisions to make!"
I thrust my hardening penis into your hips. "ok...well let me know if you need anything else!" she says. We wait a few moments as we hear her padded footsteps on the carpeted floor slowly fade away.
"I saw you checking out her ass!" you whisper.
"Do you want her to join us?" with a devilish grin on your face.
"You are all I want to handle right now!"
Your hands outline my hard member through my briefs, and your delicate fingers squeeze the tip through the fabric.
"Mmmmmmm" you say, as you slowly slide down my body, maintaining eye contact all the way down.
"Fuck you are sexy!" I gasp. You slowly pull the briefs down and my cock jumps out, freed from it's restraint. You tongue licks the tip, and then you swallow the head in your red, wet, welcoming lips. There is a popping sound as you allow the head to escape your lips.
You push my shaft against my stomach and eye it hungrily. You lick from the base all the way up to the tip before sucking it in again, this time taking it deeper. I feel the suctioning of your mouth on my rod and it creates so much pleasure, I roll my eyes back and close my lids. I am literally clenching my toes, it feels so good.
Despite your amazing expertise, I can't wait to taste you! I pull you up by your shoulders, and now taking command, I swivel you around and push you up against the wall.
I pop the buttons on your blouse and your hands frantically remove your skirt. I hungrily kiss from your earlobe, to your neck, to your cleavage and down your body. Your chest heaves as you gasp for air. My tongue leaves a pleasure trail of saliva down your taut tummy, to the top of your panties.
My fingers rub the outside of the soft material, feeling how damp they already are. When my fingers rub over your clit, you shudder. I run my tongue along the outside of your panties, licking down and applying more pressure when I reach your clit. I smell your sexy, musky fragrance and I inhale it deeply.
I pull your panties to the side so that one swollen lip is showing, and I lick up and down. I then pinch the other side of your panties and lick and suck the other lip. You involuntarily spread your legs wider for my sexual assault on your pussy. I gently pull the drenched panties to the side and lick around the hood of your clit.
Your fingers run through my hair. I suck the hood between my lips and roll your clit with my tongue. A loud moan escapes your lips and you instinctively cover your mouth with one of your hands.
You look down at me and our eyes lock. I stare into those hypnotic eyes as my tongue swirls over your clit. I then stiffen my tongue and insert it in your warm, dripping vagina.
Your juices roll over my tongue into my mouth. They slake my thirst for you, like an oasis does for a lost wanderer in the desert. I thrust my tongue in and out and you raise your leg and rest it on my shoulder. You pinch your nipples through your bra and then pull the tops out so your nipples are free from their restraint.
My fingers run from the backs of your stockings, up to your calves, over the sensitive backs of your knees and up your thighs. I then grab your ass cheeks and pull them apart.
My left hand moves around front and I slide my index finger into your quivering pussy. Your leg wraps tightly around my neck and pulls my head and mouth into you. I start flicking my tongue over your clit as my finger thrusts in and out, and I feel an explosion of juices gush into my mouth. You are doing all you can to keep from screaming. Your knees buckle, weak from the explosive orgasm.
I rise up, put my hands under your legs and push you up against the wall. I position my cock at your moist, velvety entrance. The head of my cock rubs against your clit. I allow the length of my shaft to lubricate itself with your juices as I run it along the outside of your pussy.
As our mouths mash together in a passionate kiss, I thrust myself inside you. I bury myself up to the hilt in your tight treasure box. Your slick juices coat my cock. We both look down, out foreheads touching, as we watch my shaft pump in and out of you like a piston. Your legs wrap around me and squeeze me tightly. Your hands pull my head to your chest, and I suck a swollen nipple into my waiting mouth. Our bodies are making sexy sounds as my inward thrusts keep pushing you against the wall.
I then thrust deeply inside you and stop, so the energy of my thrust gets absorbed by your pussy. I slowly pull out, so just the head is still in, and then slam another forceful thrust back in and stay there, and the force spreads through your whole body. I thrust like this several more times, until I move us to the bench with me sitting down and you on top of me.
I allow you to ride me up and down, like an equestrian trotting on her horse. I will let you move to a gallop when you are ready. No riding crop is needed to urge me on. Your pussy sucks my cock in with it's vise-like grip as you rise up, and then come crashing down on me. We both pant in pleasure, beads of sweat on our faces.
One of my hands grabs your ass. With my other hand I use my thumb to help rub your clit. Your fingers soon join me there and we both rub your pleasure center, our passion increasing exponentially.
Your hips grind on my lap as your knees widen on the bench and then move in, based on your up and down movements. We look into each others' eyes. I kiss you and lick your lips and feel my muscles tightening.
"I'm gonna cum, baby!"
"Cum with me, Jeff, cum with me!"
I close my eyes and fling my head back as I release jet after explosive jet inside you-your quivering, clenching pussy accepting all of my seed. You let a little yelp escape your lips as we kiss again, our spasms slowly subsiding.
We slowly rise, trying to make ourselves look as presentable as possible. We gather up our clothes, gingerly walking out of the dressing room, looking to see if anyone is watching us. We walk up to the counter and the attractive sales lady meets us there.
"How was your shopping experience?" she ask, with a grin.
"Amazing!" I say.
"We'll take all of these" you say, as you look up at me, "My treat!"
As we gather our bags and start heading out, the sales lady says "Come back again-soon!" with a grin and knowing look in her eye.