WHAT YOU SHOULD KNOW...
This is a story that is intend to be a part of a series grouped under MOTHERS & DAUGHTERS. Each story will be independent. The stories will ultimately cover a range of genre. These will be shorter stories of one chapter which is different from my previous efforts as a writer. I hope you enjoy them.
This is an interracial story.
This is a story around a mother, Michelle and her daughter, Natalie. Michelle is 40 and Natalie is 20. Both women have dark brunette hair that falls to the shoulders for Michelle and a bit shorter on Natalie. Both women are white with clean, shaven pussies. Michelle's breasts are larger than her daughter, C-cup, while Natalie's are perky B-cup. Natalie is in her second year of college. The college is local and makes the commute from home. Michelle's husband (Natalie's father) left them abruptly years before. Out of the divorce settlement, they kept their nice home in the suburbs and financial support. It required that Michelle get a part-time job, which she managed around Natalie's schedule with school and activities. Over the 12 years since, Michelle and Natalie became very close, often acting more like sisters, especially in the later years.
A latent, nagging issue for Michelle since her ex-husband was her sexual identity. Her ex complained at the end about her lack of adventurousness in sex. She thought that was funny since he never suggested or encouraged anything. The truth was, he found the 'floosy', as Michelle came to call her, who was very adventurous sexually. Michelle never felt there was anything she could do about that, though. She didn't want to bring men home with Natalie young and in the house. Ironically, by the time Michelle got around to thinking about her sexuality, again, Natalie had already become active. The two were close enough that both issues were shared with each other and it became something of a joke between them that Michelle seemed to talk to her daughter about sex and what men liked despite Natalie's still rather limited experience.
With Natalie's encouragement and support, Michelle jumped back into dating. She tried being setup by friends, the local bar scene, and finally on-line dating. Michelle and Natalie spent hours composing and editing Michelle's profile and responses. Michelle was terrified and uncertain. Natalie was overjoyed for her mother and had more than enough confidence in her mom to cover her. They took profile pictures for her page and to share, including some bikini shots from a recent visit to the beach. The most interesting response was from a business professional two years older who had lost his wife to illness and was also trying to get back into a full after life. He was perfect. Michelle was nervous. Natalie insisted. His name was Marcus. Marcus is black.
A little more than a year later and Marcus hasn't inhibited the closeness of the two women. In fact, he was a catalyst in tying them even closer and an intriguing relationship dynamic.
MOTHERS & DAUGHTERS: MICHELLE & NATALIE
The house was quiet when she came home. This was the last week of classes in her sophomore year of college and her schedule was very different with tests and massive amounts of studying. She tried to avoid the panic to cram for these tests and to treat them like any other. She knew she did much better with repetitive reviews rather than cramming. Studying with a friend in second-year math had her late, again. It was interesting how helping her friend through her problems with the subject solidified the information firmly into her own mind. She was parked next to Marcus's car in front of the garage. They were here somewhere and Natalie had a pretty good idea where that would be.
She clumped up the stairs and turned to the right where both she and her mom had their bedrooms. When her father still lived with them, a decade ago or so, he had used the bedroom she now had for an office. It took Natalie years at her mother's urging to move down the hall closer to her. Natalie now dropped her backpack in her open bedroom door and turned to the door across the hall, which hadn't been completely closed. From inside the room, she heard the muffled giggles and soft baritone chuckles indicating they were done... or between.
She pushed the door open and walked in with no hesitation, question, or concern about them inside. She knew they had been making love, probably for the past hour. Marcus was like that in bed, a freaking love machine with a nine-inch cock. After Natalie had pushed Michelle to not write off a black guy from the dating site, she had quickly fallen for him and he felt the same way. That was over a year ago and things between them, including Natalie, were very interesting.
"Natalie, you're home." Her mom rolled over onto her back and put out her hand.
"Hey mom, hey Marcus." Natalie stopped next to the side of the bed and held her mom's outstretched hand. She could feel her shoulder sag and her brain start going fuzzy now that she was home. One more test, the math test, tomorrow afternoon and she was ready for the summer break. Marcus had rolled onto his side as her mom rolled to her back. They were both naked. Michelle's pussy area was glistening with the juices of the past time spent very actively together. Marcus's very black hand was idly caressing over the white stomach and breasts of her mom.
Her mom looked more intently at her and exclaimed, "Honey, you look like you might fall over." She nudged Marcus and scooted to the side herself and a space opened between them. "Lie down and tell me about it."
Now... in most families, this might be weird. Even a father and mother wouldn't so casually invite their 20-year-old daughter to lie between them when they were naked, much less right after they had fucked and the scent of their activity was still hanging in the room. But this wasn't most families. The closeness of mother and daughter was certainly impactful in Natalie's life. It was so impactful, in fact, that when Michelle and Marcus became serious (as in very serious) about each other, Natalie was not left out. Michelle had taken her sexuality to a level her ex might not have discovered even with the floozy he ran off with.
So, when Michelle patted the bed between her and Marcus, Natalie crawled between them, suddenly feeling bone-weary from the hours of preparation and concentration. One more test. One more day. But she was home now and here she could relax and be cared for. So, she collapsed between them very dramatically.
Both Michelle and Marcus turned on their sides toward her. Her mother cooed with her soothing voice as she gently pulled details from her daughter. Marcus softly encouraged and reinforced her about her efforts and preparation.
Natalie looked at both the middle-aged adults and smiled. It always felt better after spending a little 'encouraging' time with her mom. And Marcus had been a dream come true for them. He was a strong, successful businessman but he effortlessly melded into the life Michelle and Natalie had created to thrive alone. He accepted the role of being a rock both women could lean and depend on while allowing Michelle to keep her strong voice. From the time the two of them met and began dating on their own, Natalie was treated and expected to act as another adult in the group. Marcus hadn't ever seemed to be an intrusion but a strong addition.
A few months ago, the relationship had taken a dramatic turn to include Natalie fully as an equal with them and it was on her mom's initiative that it happened. The two women had become too dependent and committed to each other in the years they survived and then thrived for Natalie to be excluded in anything, Michelle told her. It was obvious to anyone paying any interest to the two of them that they were deeply, madly in love. Natalie thought it was all very dramatic and romantic: two drifting, lost souls suddenly, unexpectedly finding the perfect match. And maybe that perfect match was reinforced by them not being the expected match: she was white who had lived a white life in her suburbs with the white acceptance that came with it; he was a black collegiate athlete-graduate who had struggled and clawed to be a success against odds that many in the white world were blind to.
As she looked at the two, though, she had to smile. Her mom was still beautiful even if she had to be convinced as she stressed about starting dating a couple years ago. She was 5' 6" and trim with breasts that were between C and D. Michelle's waist and hips were still firm. Natalie sometimes wondered what happened with her share of the gene pool; why she ended up with pert B-cups as if she were still developing but neither Michelle nor Marcus was shy about reinforcing the beauty of her young, firm, and trim body. Marcus had an athletic body on his 6-foot frame and his nine-inch cock lay on the bed in front of him with still a sheen from fucking her mother.
Her mom was had been lightly stroking Natalie's stomach and had pulled the tee-shirt from the waist of the shorts and was now stroking the bare skin underneath. Marcus, seeing the efforts of Michelle, began stroking his big, black hands over the nearest thigh of the girl between them. Natalie was comfortable with both and didn't negatively react even when Marcus's finger played at the bottom of the leg opening and slipped up to the covered crotch. Michelle was equally busy with her hand moving the bottom of the tee-shirt up and now using fingers to lightly stroke the girl's bra encased breast.
Once Natalie had stopped her explanation of the source of her stress, Michelle suddenly pronounced "So, you're stressed about this last test. The hardest class you had this semester. You're burned out from studying and helping your friend with the same test tomorrow. Your brain feels like mush and you're even stressed you won't be able to sleep well." That was Michelle's way with Natalie; process what her daughter had said and bring it back to her. Sometimes, just hearing it from her mom put a light on what was bothering her that she saw in her own way. Sometimes, it just reinforced to Natalie that she was thoughtfully heard.
Michelle looked across Natalie, the only clothed one on the bed, and nodded toward Natalie. Marcus smiled and nodded. Michelle leaned into her daughter, her hand slipping underneath Natalie's bra to cup the breast, her lips kissing the cheek of the girl until she turned her head and they kissed on the lips. They were not comforting kisses. In the meantime, Marcus's fingers pressed into the crotch of Natalie's shorts more firmly. Natalie moaned at the attention.
Michelle parted their lips barely, the breath of her words moving over Natalie's lips. "You know my lovely, smart, brilliant, daughter who is going to knock that test flat tomorrow if she can get rid of her stress... you know we have the best stress reliever in the world right next to you..."
Natalie kissed her mom and giggled. She turned her head to Marcus, "And, would that by chance be you, kind sir?"
He smiled down at Natalie, his finger never having stopped stroking the inner thighs and crotch of Natalie. "You know me, Natalie, I don't argue with your mother."
Michele chuckled, "Two smart people next to me."
They all laughed, but when Natalie sat up between them, Michelle was tugging the tee-shirt up and Marcus was working the snap and zipper of the shorts. Natalie used her hands and feet to brace herself to lift her butt off the bed as Marcus took hold of both her shorts and panties, dragging them down her legs and off her feet as Michelle unclasped the bra and removed it. Once as naked as her mom and Marcus and again on her back, Marcus opened her legs wide and moved his lips and tongue along the insides of her thighs to her pussy. She gasped at the touch of his lips, then sighed at the feel of his tongue playing along her pussy lips. Her mom, in the meantime, was kissing and sucking her nipples between kissing her other lips.
This was how their lives had changed months ago on Michelle's initiative. Marcus had been hesitant to comply with Michelle's idea fearing something going wrong and ruining the relationship they had growing so well. But when Marcus understood and believed that Michelle was very serious, he agreed and they have been involved ever since. Marcus learned that Michelle had a thirst to try things, new things, even adventurous things and he tried to assist her as he could for her experiences. This was different from his first marriage and VERY different from hers.
Natalie was moaning from the combined attention. She knew what her mother meant by the 'stress reliever'. When that nine-inch cock went into them, the world seemed to dissolve away and it was only the sensations of pussy and that big cock. That was what she needed, what she wanted, she didn't want to cum on his lips, she wanted to be fucked.
"Please..." She tugged on Marcus's head where he still lapped at her pussy. "Please... Marcus, please... I... I want... to be... fucked."
Marcus raised up, his lips shining from her flowing pussy juice. Michelle lifted her head from Natalie's nipple and kissed her man hard, as hard as the cock her hand found, becoming hard by the anticipation of again having mother and daughter. Marcus lifted Natalie's knees and placed her feet on his shoulders, a position both flexible women enjoyed. He aligned his cock head to her pussy hole after rubbing it over her slit and coating the head with her juices.
They made eye contact with his cock poised at her entrance. The younger woman gave an anxious smile and mumbled a thank you. Marcus smiled back, temporarily only focused on his lover's daughter, and marveled at the situation he found himself in where both mother and daughter were his to love, emotionally and physically.
He pressed forward inches and Natalie's mouth opened and she sighed, as always happened as his big, thick, nine inches stretched her opening. After the initial penetration, he paused at her gasp and waited for the smile that came immediately from her before pressing in further with several slow strokes until, her mouth hanging open and not a breath coming out, he was fully inside her and she moaned a long, releasing breath. He then leaned forward, his shoulders and body bending her thighs to her body as he became kissing her lips and thrusting in long, even strokes into her tight, clenching pussy. After minutes of kissing and fucking, he shifted his knees forward and lifted her ass off the bed with one hand as he stroked harder into her now creating room for Michelle to retake access to her daughter's breasts and nipples.
Neither Michelle nor Natalie ever considered themselves bi-sexual until Michelle decided to share Marcus. Maybe it was only the mother-daughter relationship that stimulated it. All Michelle knew was that she loved to add her own sexual stimulation for her daughter as her lover fucked her with his wonderful cock. Michelle merely added stimulation in the way she enjoyed when Marcus loved her with his mouth and fingers, something she never experience before in her life. Natalie squirmed underneath as Marcus aggressively fucked her and Michelle's kissed, sucked, and gently chewed on the exciting nipples.
Natalie generally experienced a more vocal orgasm than Michelle who still found herself more reserved and self-conscious despite her desire to experience more in her sexual life, a door that was thrust open by this man's abilities. So, when Natalie orgasmed for the second time and Marcus joined her, the bedroom was filled with the joyous sounds of desperate release. Marcus kissed and cuddled the younger woman lovingly, his spent cock still embedded inside her. Natalie clenched her pussy around it as if trying to squeeze one more drop of his cum out into her pussy. Michelle knelt poised beside them, one hand stroking each of the spent lovers. When Marcus pulled his cock slowly out, Michelle leaned down to capture it in hand and mouth. She licked and sucked the combined juices of her lover and daughter. She frequently did the same thing after fucking him, but she found a slightly different, very pleasant hint of taste difference from her daughter. Every time she wondered why they haven't 69'd by themselves.
As Natalie gasped, Michelle asked how Natalie was feeling now. "I'm going to ace that test." They all laughed.
Michelle smiled while stroking her daughter's breasts, "Good. I told you we have a sure-fire way to beat stress. Now you can relax tonight, ace your last test, and have a good summer break." Natalie leaned up to kiss her mom on the lips, then to the other side to kiss Marcus. It was an unusual situation, her being included in her mom's boyfriend relationship, but she wasn't going to worry about something that felt so good.
Michelle looked across Natalie at Marcus and Natalie followed her eyes. She saw Marcus nod. Michelle leaned down and kiss one of the nipples. "Marcus has something better for you to think about. He wants to take us on a vacation. It must have come out that we haven't really had one in... well... forever." Natalie looked up at Marcus who was watching her reaction. He nodded. "He wants to take us to a small resort on one of the Caribbean islands for a week." She looked back to Marcus who was all smiles. "It would be a kinky vacation but it would give us a chance to try experiencing that fantasy we confessed to each other." Natalie furrowed her eyebrows. Fantasy? What fantasy did they both share... ohhhhh... the one about a group of black guys? Natalie's expression changed with her remembrance. "So... you remember. It's a resort that somehow became known for a location where white women or couples could go to hook up with black guys. The resort started catering to that in swinger sites, groups, and online ads."
Marcus finally added, "I've always been pretty straight about relationships. Your mom has opened my eyes to possibilities even though her experience had previously been VERY straight. Her determination to make a change for herself... and include you... has pulled me along. Having you included in our relationship has been amazing, Natalie. Your mom and I have talked about what swinging might be like then with an expanding group of people to share with." Marcus leaned across Natalie to kiss Michelle and both leaned down to kiss a nipple on Natalie's chest. "As long as you want, we want you included. This trip could be a chance to experiment in what swinging would be like." He looked intently at Natalie, "Are you in?"
Natalie looked back and forth between them. They both had hopeful looks. She smiled up, "Hell, yes! This is already pretty kinky and I love it. So... we'll be able to fuck a bunch of guys and you'll get other women?" They both laughed and nodded.
After, Marcus took a shower before dressing while the women put on long tee-shirts that barely came to the bottoms of their asses, giving the illusion of being dressed more than really doing so. Marcus rarely spent the night, even now that there were no secrets or exclusion in the house. He insisted on not being the source of gossip about Michelle in the neighborhood. He argued some wouldn't consider it proper for a man to spend the night with a daughter in the house. It was the kind of thing both women loved about the man: he was perfectly willing to yield to Michelle in many things but would hold his ground on certain things, especially those things that could affect her 'honor'.
The women stood at the front door watching him back out the driveway. Natalie asked an obvious question, "You really love him, don't you?" Michelle nodded and squeezed her daughter's shoulders and asked back if that was okay. Natalie squeezed her mom's waist, "More than okay. You've been a perfect mom when it was difficult and you did it alone. You deserve this kind of happiness."
That was ultimately how Michelle and Natalie found themselves walking up to the registration counter of the resort alongside Marcus. It was indeed a small resort. There were only 50 rooms spread down two wings from the lobby building. Off the lobby were a bar and restaurant. It was an all-inclusive resort except for alcohol. With Natalie's inexperience with drinking, they didn't think they would be doing much of that, anyway. Between the two Y-arms of rooms, in the back was a large pool and hot tub. Beyond that was the beach. They were checked in and given key-cards and informed they could leave the cards at the desk anytime and collect them when they returned. She thought the resort was clothing optional, but Michelle asked about appropriate attire around the resort and on the beach. Outside the main building area, there really wasn't inappropriate attire as it was optionally naked, which most people did. Inside, for the bar and restaurant, some clothing is required but... they'll see women in bra and panties, the same with stockings and heels, or sheer lingerie, or combinations, or completely covered. Just then a white woman in a semi-sheer negligee and heels entered the lobby with a black man in silk boxers, open shirt, and sandals heading for the restaurant. The reservationist pointed as illustrative of her explanation.
It was late afternoon and they really hadn't eaten well during their travel and several connecting flights. They agreed to take a nap, then get something to eat in the restaurant. This was their sexual exploration and Michelle and Marcus were also considering their long-time living arrangement in one of their houses. So, when he made the reservations, he never hesitated and reserved a single suite with one king-sized bed. Both women smiled as they stripped out of their clothes. On the bed, they kissed and stroked each other. Natalie asked, "Mom? Can we make love? We never have... I mean, really... us having sex."
Michelle looked into her daughter's eyes, "I've wanted to do that, too."
She looked at Marcus standing at the side of the bed. He smiled, "Of course. This is our time to experiment, remember? Do I get to watch?"
Michelle gazed at her daughter. This really was going to change things even more in her mind. She was about to have a first bi-sexual act with her own daughter next to the black man who was encouraging a very serious relationship for the future. Michelle smiled into Natalie's eyes but responded to Marcus, "You can do more than watch. You can touch us all you want, but I'm going to taste my daughter's pussy."
Natalie was lying on her back smiling at her mom's enthusiasm and Marcus's cock hardening with expectation. Michelle crawled to Natalie and kissed her passionately on the lips, the hand she didn't need for support fondling breast and nipple. She pulled back enough to look into Natalie's eyes, "I have been wanting to do this, sweet girl. I hope I do it right."
"Mom, you've done everything right."
Michelle smiled and kissed her, again. She then turned and swung her leg over her Natalie, positioned herself to inspect her pussy, and gave a tentative lick along the lips. She felt hands on her hips pulling down and a tongue slide firmly over her own pussy. She gasped and turned her head back, "You've done this before?"
"Sarah. That's when I started wishing it was you." Michelle smiled at the thought and resumed licking, probing with her tongue between those lips, and smiling with satisfaction when she got a stronger reaction with attention to the clit. She used her fingers, her arms wrapped underneath the thighs as Natalie raised her knees and splaying them out to open herself more to the mouth and tongue. Both women were gasping and moaning as they lost themselves to the newest experience.
Marcus knelt beside them on the bed. His cock was hard just by watching and listening to them express themselves. He had always enjoyed sex with his late wife but it had become sporadic and occasional in the years after. He lost himself into his work as a means of coping, giving himself little opportunity and his interest and desire seemed to whither. Until Michelle. She had been much like him, recently inexperienced and awkward at the prospect of initiating anything. But when it happened, it seemed to open a door of opportunity and sharing between them that strengthened the relationship they were working on. When Michelle had gathered the courage to express some of her desires to experience, it seemed to awaken in him a similar desire to experience. He willingly followed her lead and gave encouragement that emboldened her further. Then, Michelle brought Natalie into the relationship. It seemed disastrous to him, at first. But there was a different bond between them... a survival bond. Now, it was like a relationship with two women, one as the lead, Michelle. Watching them experiencing this first truly intimate sexual moment, while also wanting him present, was overwhelming to him. When the idea of this trip first came to him, he thought himself crazy: why would he want to share these two with any other men? There was certainly nothing about an inability to satisfy them both. It was merely a part of wanting to give Michelle experiences she courageously began expressing, which he took as a clear sign of their deep connection and security in each other. He figured that was what swinging was, a shared experience of new experiences.
He crept up next to the women engrossed in pleasuring each other. His hands sought out the women somehow, wanting to be connected at this moment. Michelle was easy because she was on top. He stroked her bare back and over her ass. He heard her mew softly at his touch, a different reaction entirely than what her daughter was giving her. He leaned over and began kissing the same back and received deep sighs mixed with the moans. But what about Natalie? He snaked a hand between the two and Michelle raised up slightly to allow the contact. As he fondled Natalie's breasts, it was her turn to add her own contented sighs to the rest of the sounds softly filling the room.
It was Natalie's hand that fumbled blindly toward him, finding his bare thigh and using it to slide along to his crotch and finally his hard cock. She squeezed the head, maybe as a greeting of some kind, before beginning to stroke the length of his cock and cupping, massaging his balls. He heard the sounds of both women achieving orgasm and they continued devouring each other.
Then, she heard Natalie's muffled voice, "Fuck her Marcus... I want... I want to suck and lick... the two of you joined." He saw a wiggle of Michelle's butt. Was she inviting it, too? Then, Natalie added, "I love you, Marcus. We both love you. Make this... all three... of us."
He couldn't move for a moment. He looked down to where Natalie's head was beneath her mother's hips, then down to the hand that never stopped stroking him. Michelle had expressed the words and feelings many times, now Natalie. He pinched Natalie's nipple in response and added the words himself, "I love you, too, Natalie. Thank you for sharing your mom with me. Thank you for trusting me with her and yourself. I love you two so much."
He shifted behind Natalie's head and losing the soft stroking of the hand on his cock in the process. He positioned himself and rubbed his cock over Michelle's pussy, bumping his cock on Natalie's nose. Michelle rotated her pelvis and Natalie turned her head back with an open mouth. Marcus smiled at the invitation and slipped his cock head onto the lips and tongue seeking him and pressed forward into her mouth. He pulled back and pushed, again, then set into a slow fucking motion for half a minute before pulling completely out and sinking his wet cock into the wet pussy of Michelle. Michelle gasped in Natalie's pussy.
Marcus began a smooth, deep thrusting into Michelle as Natalie resumed sucking on Michelle's clit and tilting her head to have his cock slide over her tongue as it moved back and forth. Michelle was getting a double dose of stimulation and orgasmed soon after Marcus began fucking her. That orgasm didn't stop Marcus and Natalie, though, as they continued giving as well as receiving pleasure by the three-way action.
After they all climaxed, they finally crawled under the top sheet and dozed in a threesome cuddle. Natalie came to, first, her excitement about being in such a place being too much for her. Her movement in getting out of the bed stirred the other two. When they searched the room, they finally found Natalie standing outside the sliding door to their own patio, naked and gazing out at the pool area to the right and the ocean straight ahead.
When Michelle wrapped her arms around her, Natalie exclaimed, "Isn't this wonderful, mom?" A white couple walked by, probably for the pool, with the woman wearing a cover-up and the guy in shorts. They saw the two naked women and nodded. Natalie giggled, "It's beautiful and warm, and... nobody cares if we're naked." Michelle chuckled but encouraged her back into the suite; not because they were naked outside but to shower and get ready for dinner and more exhibitionism.
"Ladies, ready?"
Natalie was out on the patio, again, when she heard Marcus's question. Stepping back into the room and locking the sliding door behind her, she found Michelle rising from one of the chairs and Marcus coming out of the bedroom. Michelle and Natalie were dressed in matching outfits: sheer baby-dolly negligee and matching sheer thong, matching sheer colored thigh-high stockings, and high heels. Michele was in black while Natalie was in white. They had splurged before the trip and their roller cases had been mostly filled with such outfits.
Natalie whistled at Marcus, "My, don't you look sexy enough to eat." Marcus was in silk boxers with a white, open, tropical material shirt, all of which contrasted deliciously with his dark black, athletic body. On his feet were sandals. She walked deliberately up to him, into his body, and kissed him passionately.
He chuckled embarrassedly and even blushed a bit. The relationship between the three of them had a feeling of forced constraint before with nobody quite sure how far it should go. This trip was pushing that constraint out of the way and they all felt it, evidenced by Natalie's boldness in her comment and action. Michelle smiled and gauged the interaction between them. She had felt for a while that the relationship she had started with Marcus alone, then including Natalie sexually, was evolving in a deliciously intriguing way.
Marcus held the door open for the women. Natalie was out first and couldn't help to nervously look up and down the hallway, as she stepped out dressed as though for an intimate night in the bedroom. The nerves the women may have felt about their exposure slowly melted away as they encountered more people and couples in the building and restaurant. Over dinner, they discussed and agreed on some basics for the week now that they were there and feeling the potential rather than imagining it. They agreed that they wouldn't accept another partner unless they really wanted to (i.e. they shouldn't feel pressured by anyone), they should feel comfortable wanting to spend time just with each other, and breakfast, evening dinner, and overnight would be together. Natalie specifically felt it important that the three of them slept and awakened together. The others agreed happily.
After dinner, they had a drink in the lounge, and people-watched others who had apparently been there for a while as they flirted and teased each other like at many nightclubs back home only they were nearly naked. On the way back to their suite, Natalie stopped her mom and held her hand up to Marcus to allow them some room.
"Mom, how did you feel about what we did, earlier?"
Michelle smiled into her daughter's searching eyes, "I loved it, my sweet daughter. I love you so much and I realize now I love you in ways that maybe a mother shouldn't... but I do."
Natalie smiled and hugged her fiercely, "Thank God, because that's the way I feel, too." She pulled back and looked into her mom's eyes, "I think this is getting complicated for me, mom. You need to tell me to back off if I should." Her mom only smiled. Natalie continued to reinforce her point, "I love you that way, too... both ways, actually. And... and... I think I love Marcus both ways, too. I love him as your partner but... also..."
Michelle smiled, pulled her daughter into her arms, then kissed her hard, pressing into her until they bumped into the wall without any care of who might see them... two women making out in the hallway with a black man standing idly nearby smiling. Michelle finally responded, "This is crazy, honey... utterly, insanely crazy... but I am so very happy you feel that way about me... about us... I mean the three of us."
They giggled as they took Marcus's hands and led him toward their suite. Michelle informed Marcus it was Natalie's turn. Marcus's cock instantly started rising, tenting his boxers for anyone to recognize.
The next morning, Michelle and Marcus again woke to find Natalie not in bed. And, again, she was sitting out on the patio with a cup of coffee. Michelle looked back into the room and spotted the pot, got a cup for herself, and joined her daughter while Marcus was in the bathroom. It was early but a few people were milling around. Natalie admitted to her excitement and how arousing it was just to be able to walk outside naked. After they showered and cleaned up, the women dunned large tank tops for covering and Marcus wore boxers and another open shirt for breakfast.
Natalie wanted the beach and to walk in the water. They all slathered themselves with sun protection, especially the women, and enjoyed the morning wandering the beach, occasionally playing in the water and more touching and feeling of their bodies but no outright sex, which was hard for all of them not to. They had agreed, though, that they should see how to experience other people since they were there despite how much they enjoyed sex within their threesome.
After a light lunch, they were still in cover-ups when they met their neighbor, a lone white woman in her upper 40's. She seemed out of place and tentative as Michelle and Natalie attempted to pull her into conversation on their patio while Marcus was inside. The three women sat on the patio; she was in a small, light-weight robe with a tie at the front. Her body had a few pounds more than ideal but she was older. She had been recently divorced from a wandering husband and the kids were now on their own. She wanted to feel desired, again and found this place on a website. She started to tear up as she talked about it. She had obviously been hurt by her ex and Michelle felt a connection to the woman, immediately.
Michelle excused herself and left Natalie to talk about their relationship and being at the resort. The woman was surprised and envious of the situation. At the same time, Michelle pressed Marcus inside the suite about the woman. Marcus got a sly smile on his face. "So, you're telling me I can do this woman some help if I spend some time with her and seduce her into fucking? I'd be doing her a favor, but not letting it appear that was why?"
Michelle swatted his well-defined chest playfully, "Don't make it sound like you'd be putting yourself out. Experiencing others is why we are here, and..." she slipped her hand down to the front of his boxers, "... I can feel she has an attraction to you."
He pulled her into an embrace, "This is going to be strange, isn't it? The three of us are very satisfied with what we have evolved into, but we are curious about more." He kissed her and swatted the bare butt under the tank top, "You two go see what you can catch." Michelle giggled at the thought of what was going to happen and blushed.
As they walked to the beach, Natalie reacted to what was happening with Marcus. "So, you left Marcus to essentially fuck her and build up her confidence?" Michelle nodded. "And, now, we're..." Michelle nodded. "How do we... I mean... you brought me up to get into a relationship, not be a slut."
Michelle chuckled. She felt the same way. She stopped and looked at her daughter standing at the edge of the beach with her, both naked except for sunglasses and sandals and their bag containing books, sun lotion, and water. She sighed, "I'm not sure, but I suspect it has something to do with naked breasts and exposed pussy." Natalie smiled at the thought of being so bold in advertising her desire to be fucked by a stranger and probably another black guy. She grabbed her mom's hand and marched them to a couple empty beach lounge chairs. Time to get this obscene vacation going...
They settled into a couple lounge chairs on the beach with a nice view of the beach and a good direction for the sun. Natalie thought it was going to be amazing to go home and somehow show off her lineless suntan to her friends. She knew she would like to continue this when they got home and wondered if there might be locations in the backyard where she would have sun and be out of sight of the neighbors. She had just settled and opened her John Sandford, Virgil Flowers, novel when she felt a hand on her forearm. She turned to see her mom nodding forward. She glanced over her book to see two young black guys on their knees looking their way.
Michelle giggled and instructed her daughter, "Raise your knees casually and open them like you're just relaxing with your book." She had her large, dark sunglasses on making it impossible to see what she was looking at. Natalie saw her mom making the same move and duplicated it. She immediately felt the hot Caribbean sun on her shaved, exposed pussy. She also felt her nipples harden. She wasn't sure what was more exciting: exposing herself so blatantly, or her mom instructing her to do it, or that she could see the guys it was intended for taking note.
After a brief conversation between the two guys, they got to their feet, brushed the sand off, and started walking in a beeline for them. Michelle said, "Well, having some young pussy for bait sure worked."
Natalie responded equally hushed back, "Don't kid yourself, mom. They know a hot MILF when they see one." They both giggled nervously, still not quite believing what they were tempted by their actions.
Thank God for dark sunglasses! When the two guys arrived in front of the mother and daughter, Natalie's gaze went straight to the dangling cocks. They were big, maybe not Marcus big, but still... Natalie forced her eyes to shift up to their faces by raising her chin and producing her best nonchalant expression and smile while pretending her exposed pussy had nothing to do with their arrival.
They entered a brief exchange of pleasantries that included when they arrived and how they were enjoying the resort so far. Michelle confessed, "We just arrived late afternoon yesterday so we really haven't experienced much, yet." Natalie smothered a smile as she heard the all-familiar tease in her voice, "We're looking to experience something we can't back home. You guys have been here longer... do you think a couple girls like us might do that?"
The guys exchanged big smiles between themselves, "Definitely and we'd like to help but those experiences might diminish if you were to get sunburned your first day."
Michelle reached into the bag between the two lounges and handed a tube of lotion to one of the young men. As she lowered the back of her lounger and turned to lie on her front, she winked at Natalie as she thanked them for their help. Natalie suppressed a giggle and followed her mom's lead. Both women accepted the hands covered in lotion stroking over their body with more than a bit of tense anticipation. They lay prone before these two equally naked strangers. The lotion was quickly and efficiently spread over arms, neck, back, and legs. The women had their heads turned toward each other and smiles curled the corners of their mouths as the hands began working on their butts and suddenly spending much more time there. Then, the hands slid back down to the top of their thighs and inside.
Michelle gasped as the hands on her applied gentle pressure on the inside of her thighs. She opened her legs slightly, received more pressure, and opened them more. The hands on her thighs and butt became fingers softly gliding over her crack, along the side of her pussy lips, and finally, finally, over her wet lips. The feeling of her wetness seemed to tell the guy what he needed and he rocked back and indicated for her to roll over. Her heart was beating fast now as she complied, rolling onto her back and presenting her naked front to him. He was still kneeling at the foot of the lounger forcing her to again part her legs on either side of him. She glanced over at Natalie and found the same thing happening.
Her front took the guy much longer. Her arms, stomach, and much of her legs went efficiently but he seemed very concerned about protecting her breasts and crotch given the time he was spending on them. His hands circled and squeezed her breasts and fingers rolled her nipples. When he scooted back to get better access to her pussy, the lips and clitoral hood were well covered. Michelle heard a deep sigh and soft moans from the lounger next to her and knew Natalie was getting a similar treatment as she was because similar sounds were escaping from her mouth. Her mouth gaped open as a finger slipped between her greasy, wet pussy lips and slid the length down and up to flick over her aroused clit. When those fingers slipped back down and sank into her hole, she gasped out loud and muttered a series of 'yes, yes, yes'.
The hands stopped and left her. Michelle opened her eyes to the bright Caribbean sun and saw the shadow of the guy standing up and holding his hand outstretched toward her. She glanced next to her to find Natalie already taking the hand outstretched to her and being pulled up into an embrace. Michelle followed suit and found herself in the strong arms of the young man, his firming cock pressing into her pelvis and growing firmer by the moment. She lifted her face to the man and they kissed, first softly and tentatively, then harder, their bodies coming together expressing the same need and desire that their lips and tongues expressed.
They took steps back, still holding the hands of the women, "Come... let's take a walk down the beach..." They walked to the edge of the lapping water and turned to follow it. Natalie snuck a peek at her mom and smiled. She remembered her mom's comment about naked breasts and exposed pussies attracting attention. This first one was happening fast. If they stayed naked the whole week, this was going to be a very interesting time, especially when they had Marcus to enjoy at night and any other time they desired.
"Did you have any fantasies coming here?"
Natalie spoke quickly, "YES... I want to be taken from behind in the shallow water with the waves gently washing over our legs."
Michelle matched her daughter's enthusiasm, "I do, I want to lie in the shallows and be fucked like that scene in 'Here to Eternity'." The guy was apparently too young to understand the movie reference with Burt Lancaster. "Never mind, I'll show you."
Natalie felt so brazen as she knelt in the shallow water and basically presented herself to him for fucking. She suddenly felt like a bitch in heat needing to be inseminated by the alpha and it stimulated her even more. The guy knelt behind her and rubbed his cock head over his pussy. It was already hard in his anticipation of being the first to tap into this new woman at the resort as if it were another notch for a dream vacation for him. For Natalie, though, this was just breaking the ice. A big, black cock was an experience her own mom had introduced her to with Marcus. No... this was breaking away from the taboo feeling of having joined a threesome with her mom and her boyfriend to be a willing slut at a resort full of willing men. And this was her brazen display... she wiggled her ass at him as if to say, 'Here I am, dude, fuck me'.
And he did. Without much more hesitation, he aligned his cock to her hole and slid it inside her wetness, and continued to press in. After two strokes, he was balls deep and he set into a firm thrusting. Feeling as if he had conquered another female, the young man asked as he thrust harder and harder, "You ever felt a black cock before, baby?"
Natalie moaned. He did feel good, but her response was honest, "Oh God, yes, many times. You're not the first black cock, just the first stranger here." He paused at hearing that. Maybe he wasn't used to that. Maybe he was used to white women looking to experiment with a black cock on vacation. Natalie smiled, mostly to herself, and pushed back against him to encourage him to keep fucking. He responded and more aggressively fucked her to orgasm and his own.
Michelle was finding her fantasy experience at the water edge to duplicate the scene in Here to Eternity a bit more difficult. Her mind was in the moment of the scene with the water washing around her with each new wave, but the guy was uncomfortable with it for whatever reason and wanted to move up out of the water onto the water-soaked sand left by the receding tide. She had a good orgasm and enjoyed the experience of being fucked outside and exposed by a complete stranger but she vowed to herself that she was going to have Marcus duplicate the experience for her... the passion of the scene in the movie was definitely missing.
They walked further down the beach but the women weren't done. Before turning back, they set the guys onto the sand and sucked their cocks. Both guys happily collapsed onto their backs in the sand as the women sucked, licked, and swallowed their cocks to another climax for them.
After quite a while, they walked back to the resort beachfront. As they approached, one of the guys said, "Hey, a guy is lying on your lounger... want us to make him move?"
Natalie giggled, released the grip of the man who she had just sucked, and rushed ahead in a flat-out run, sand being kicked up behind her with each strong stride. "You know that guy?"
Michele calmly responded, "Yea... my boyfriend."
"Your... boyfriend? Wait..." He stopped in front of her. "You're here with your black boyfriend?" Michelle calmly nodded. "Wait..." He looked back at Natalie sitting astride Marcus and back to Michelle. "And, she is..."
Michelle laughed as she continued walking to her daughter and boyfriend, giving the two guys a wave as she left them, "Well... she's my daughter... we thought we'd see if swinging might be something we'd enjoy." She didn't look back but, if she had, both guys stood agape with mouths hanging open and looked at each other wondering what just happened.
Walking along the beach with Marcus, Natalie was talking excitedly about what they experienced and quizzed him about his time with the woman in the next room. Natalie was so energized; she couldn't keep still or quiet. Michelle rolled her eyes and Marcus just smiled. Michelle hadn't had a chance to speak so Marcus spotted a downed palm tree at the edge of the beach and walked to it with Natalie in tow. He sat on the tree trunk and patted a spot next to him for Michelle. Natalie stood watching.
Then, Marcus directed Natalie, not what she was expecting, but good nonetheless, "Okay, girl, fill your mouth with my cock so I can finally hear from your mom." Natalie giggled that her overflowing exuberance had taken over. But she happily did as directed, dropping to the sand between Marcus's naked legs. His cock was soft but showed signs of life the moment her hands wrapped around it and she began licking its length.
Michelle described the experience she had, then, "So... before we leave... will you help me really live that scene? I think we'll be able to match the intensity of the scene." She giggled and blushed. The scene was very romantic and passionate and that was very much how she felt about Marcus. Then her eye caught the up and down motion of Natalie on his cock. "Rather obscene, isn't it? Sitting on a beautiful Caribbean beach, holding hands with my boyfriend... and my daughter is giving him head." They both laughed. Natalie didn't take her mouth off the cock, just raised a hand with the thumb up.
After lunch, they agreed to split up, again, and meet up for dinner. Marcus watched the two women walk away toward the pool, his eyes moving from one naked ass to the other, each one with its own swing motion as they walked. He turned and spotted a woman struggling to get lotion on her back. He smiled as he made a direct line to her.
"May I help you with the lotion? You seem to be struggling..."
She immediately responded with a grateful sigh, "Oh, yes, thank..." She turned her head and was staring at his big cock. She sighed, again, then managed, "... oh my... I mean... yes, please."
She had distinct tan lines from a bikini from other times in the sun and where she was untanned, she was showing pink. "You're getting a little pink. I better get you well covered." He stroked her ass cheeks thoroughly, his fingers sliding between them and over her anus. Each time he did it, she gasped and a soft moan started escaping her lips. He moved to the edge of her lounger and patted her butt, "Why don't you roll over so I can make sure you're well protected with lotion."
She glanced over her shoulder and a sly smile formed on her face. As she turned over to her back, her hand lightly caressed his thigh and touched his semi-hard cock. He was definitely getting excited, again. How could he not? All the naked bodies and knowing most of them were wanting to play. She stammered, "Oh my... that would feel good... I mean that would be good..." Her eyes jerked up to his face and she blushed profusely.
Marcus was already rubbing lotion into her breasts without the pretense of doing her arms or legs first. He rolled her nipples between his fingers and drew out a deep moan from her. His hands slid down her stomach and he heard her suck in a deep breath of anticipation. His hands slid instead to the sides of her shaved pussy down her thighs and she whimpered. He smiled down at her and when she opened her eyes, he leaned forward and kissed her on the lips as his fingers explored her pussy lips. She moaned into his mouth. Her hands blindly moved over his thigh until his cock was wrapped by her hand.
She pulled back and gasped, "God... your cock... I've... I've never... anything like this... my room... just over there... will you?" He smiled, stood, and extended his hand to her. He helped her pick up her stuff and followed her ample ass to her room. She sat him down on the edge of the bed and dropped to her knees, both hands now around his hard cock. She licked the head and took several inches of it into her mouth. She gasped and gagged as she tried to push down further. She pulled off and gasped, "My God... sorry, I'm saying that a lot... but... I would have had my husband all the way in... yours... my God." She was stroking his cock and looked concerned as she looked at him. "Is it true?" He asked what. "That the pussy will stretch to take a big cock... I want to... but... so big..."
Marcus smiled, "Yes, you can take it. You ride me and be in control until you have it. You let me know and then we'll fuck."
She nodded. He got onto the bed and watched her straddle his cock and take the head into her hole. She cried out as that stretched her. He watched as she concentrated on taking more of his cock and he marveled at what was happening. He brought his women here to be fucked and for him to fuck and it was happening so easily for all of them. But he had agreed with Michelle when she expressed the thought while Natalie had sucked him: even while being fucked, she had been thinking about him. She had enjoyed it and wanted to do more, but he was different in very good ways. That was how he felt, too. He would fuck this woman well and both would enjoy it, but he also was looking forward to the night when the three of them would be together.
The week at the resort went much the same. All three of them experienced a variety of strangers of the opposite sex but their time together increased as the days progressed. They agreed they enjoyed other partners and they should explore the possibility when they returned home, but they also all agreed the time they spend together was the best.
On Thursday, with only another full day available to them at the resort, Marcus had arranged a surprise for the women. They were returning from their usual long walk after lunch when Marcus insisted they return to the suite. The women patiently waited while quizzing Marcus what was happening, though he refused, regularly checking a clock while serving each wine while they waited. This was an obvious indication something was up because giving any alcohol to Natalie was generally restricted to something special given she was still under 21.
There was a knock at the door and Marcus couldn't succeed in suppressing a big smile. He asked Natalie to check the door. Being naked with others had long since ceased being a concern and she walked that way to check the door. When she opened it, she stood staring for a moment before turning to look at Marcus and Michelle. "There are seven guys out here... all naked and stroking." She nodded to most of them as she recognized the guys she and her mom had already been with during the week.
Michelle stood and looked at Marcus, his own cock now stirring, "You... you did this." She walked into his arms and said to Natalie, "Well, don't keep them waiting out there, dear." She hugged Marcus and kissed him passionately. "You know... Natalie and I agree that you satisfy us just fine."
He smiled, "Thank you, but... variety is the spice of life, right?" He turned her to face the men entering the room. She watched as each slid a hand over some part of Natalie's body, her face now a huge smile and eyes twinkling. "Most of them had been with you two before and all wanted to do so, again."
She walked up alongside Natalie and put an arm around her shoulders as the eight men with Marcus assembled in front of them. Michelle could feel her pussy flood in anticipation. That had only happened with Marcus before, now... "Ready for our first gangbang, daughter?"
"Hell, yea." That was all Natalie said and stepped up to the men and dropped to her knees in front of them. Michelle chuckled and followed her daughter's lead, small semi-circles forming around the two women.
They sucked cock for quite a while, not so much because anyone wanted to cum in their mouths but because each woman had four cocks and the rotation of hands and mouth seemed constant. Then, on some unknown signal, Marcus picked up Michelle and took her into the bedroom with three others following behind. A couple guys began pushing furniture around the small living room space and Natalie was laid out on the thick rug. In only moments, she had one guy in her pussy, another in her mouth, and the other two she stroked with her hands. She imagined this was the way until the one in her pussy climaxed and they would switch, but that wasn't the case. They switched regularly before any of them climaxed. Several guys fucked her in missionary before one turned her over and up onto her hands and knees and she was fed cocks into her pussy and mouth. She would feel a cock on her cheek and she would turn mindlessly with an open mouth in that direction, all the while being fucked.
She orgasmed as the third guy fucked into her pussy, but she still hadn't felt any cum released into her. The fourth guy was lying on his back next to her and she straddled him when she was empty of cock in her pussy. Now in control and her hands free, she again serviced all four cocks. All of them were now slimy with her own juices besides the saliva of her mouth.
Another orgasm was rising within her when a voice at her ear asked if she would like a double. She nodded enthusiastically under the influence of all the stimulation but with some nervousness. She had experienced anal, even with Marcus, but double penetration was new. She tensed at the feel of the cock pressing at her anus, then pushed back to relax the tight hole, and orgasmed again with the penetration and a second cock sliding along the other in separate chambers. Then she became air-tight as another cock was pressed into her mouth. Her head was reeling and her body was a jumble of nerve endings exploding throughout her body. She had a long series of orgasms as the guys fucked her, moving her into new positions, each one climaxing inside one of her holes.
When they stopped and Natalie found herself without a cock in any of her holes, she was simultaneously experiencing a sense of relief and disappointment. They assisted her to a chair and given a tall glass of water she nearly chugged down. She looked up at movement from the bedroom doorway to find Marcus and the other three guys moving into the room. They all had limp, glistening cocks hanging in front of them. She looked at him as he approached her. He smiled at her and said simply, "Time to switch."
She stood and pressed her thoroughly fucked body into his and kissed him hard and passionately, her hand taking his cock and feeling it respond. She asked him, "How's mom?"
He chuckled, "She has the same dazed look you do of someone who has been fucked for a couple of hours."
"Thank you, Marcus, for all of this. I think I am going to be sore tonight."
He chuckled, "I'll be gentle tonight, then."
She smiled. Even after all of this, he still wanted to have them alone. She smiled and sighed. Then she sank to her knees and began sucking four cocks back to life. She had no idea where her relationship with Marcus and her mom might go when they returned, but she loved what they gave her.