My wife is the epitome of a slut and it's something I'm very happy to comply with. If you look up the word in the dictionary, you will find a picture of her, draped in the most outrageous lingerie, in all of her slut glory.
An avid exhibitionist who lives to tease, has found her life's vocation.
She's been working as a Stripper at a local strip joint, for about six months now. She currently does five spots a night, which guarantees her dozens of lap dances, where she performs her sexual magic, teasing and tormenting the guys with her exceptional body and sensual movement.
When she reveals her glass smooth shaved pussy, straddles a guys lap and dry humps him to full erection, the no man can resist.
This has led her into the situation where she has fucked a few clients, if their hard cocks aroused her as she slid her naked shaved slit along the trouser covered shaft.
Understandably she also fucked a few guys we bumped into on holiday, where her teasing and flirting reached another level, due to the tiniest revealing bikinis she wore.
Her sex drive has way outreached mine, as can be expected, and her slut activities have branched out such, that a few of my friends have had the pleasure of her fantastic body and available holes.
Sometimes she has fucked them in a group and sometimes the guys flew solo.
She even joined the mile high club on our return holiday flight, after a guy who she had lap danced for previously, played with her tits and fingered her shaved pussy in the very busy airport bar. He was in the same seat row as us, pleasuring my wife from the word go, before he slipped his cock in her pussy and ass in the toilet directly behind my seat!
I feigned sleep, which excited my wife, as I heard every single whisper, moan and thrust, eventually joining them in an airborne fuckfest on their return to their seats.
Suzi, true to form, has fucked the guy a few times since the Mile high incident, always in our home and always in front of me. He has had the pleasure of spunking in her very willing pussy, ass and mouth on numerous occasions. Each time she has fucked him, her slut outfit and lingerie would be more outrageous than the last, something she thrives on and on two occasions the event was videoed.
I know it sounds within the realms of fantasy, but Suzi is a genuine 36DD-23-35, the perfect hour glass figure, and believe me when I tell you, that body is sensational naked or decked out in sexy lingerie.
As a stripper, her body is taut and firm, with gravity defying breasts and an ass you could bounce pennies off, a glass smooth shaved tight pussy and to seal the deal her glorious nipples are pierced with silver bolts.
The stripping helps quench her enormous exhibitionist streak, though not totally, as she often goes shopping, to the mall or a night out in the most inappropriate revealing clothing, encouraging guys to stare at her voluptuous curves.
The clothes she wears are always tight or revealing, which gives her such a sexual buzz, knowing she is arousing men. Nothing pleases her more than to find she has made some guys cock hard, something that happens continuously.
She now has a plan where she wants to go out on her own, obviously dressed in the sleaziest outfit, act the degenerate slut, pick up a complete stranger and fuck his brains out at his place if possible. If not at his place, she said she would bring him to ours and I should make myself scarce. She felt that this would really feel like cheating, which turns her on immensely.
I have cameras placed all around the house, including four in the bedroom, so although I wouldn't be present, I'd be able to watch every moment, thus satisfying my voyueristic tendencies.
Suzi agreed that I could be in the vicinity during the initial pick up, but during the actual fucking I was to be absent.
I told Suzi that I would love to be present during the pick up, as it aroused me so much to watch her tease a guy, but she should give some kind of signal when she was ready to leave, and I'd hurry home and make myself scarce.
I told her I would set up a camp bed in the garage, with a TV set on low, so the guy would never know anyone else was in the house, plus he'd be too preoccupied with Suzi's fantastic body to notice anything.
She looked at me with the sauciest smile emblazoned across her face and said.
"That sounds good babe. I'll fuck the guy here. I want to fuck the guy and cheat on you, so you can't be present, or it isn't cheating!"
I nodded accepting her terms, but I was already planning to set up a feed to all of the cameras in the house, so I'd be able to see, hear and record every second of my slut wife cheating on me!
For the next two days I worked slavishly setting up the links to all of the cameras, controlled from a laptop I'd set up in the garage. I'd even included a separate hard drive to ensure there was enough physical memory and that nothing would be missed. Suzi was unaware of my plans and thought I was setting the garage up for a few home comforts, which was partially true as I'd set up a bed, a microwave, a mini fridge, the obvious TV set and my laptop.
Suzi decided that Friday night would be the night that she'd dress up and get fucked by some random cock. We decided that I would drop her off at the bar, park up, then go into bar and watch from a distance as Suzi worked her sexual magic. We agreed that her signal for leaving would be when she played with her right ear, giving me time to leave the bar and set up residence in the garage.
Suzi took the Friday night off from the strip club, informing them she had a family celebration to attend, so now all that was left to do was wait until Friday night.
To ensure she would be at her horniest, Suzi withdrew sexual privileges from Wednesday evening, but she did give me a wonderful fuck with her dressed in white latex thigh length boots, which ended with me emptying my spunk in her tight slut ass.
I returned home from work on the Friday at 4:30 to find Suzi relaxing in a luxurious bubble bath, drinking a glass of white wine. Her huge tits were floating in the water, with foam sliding down the soft smooth flesh of her breasts. Placing her glass on the side, she slowly ran her hands over her tanned globes, gently stroking her erect pierced nipples. I was desperate to fuck and this little display wasn't helping, as she smiled seductively, stroking her taloned fingers over her pendulous firm breasts.
"Hi babe" she purred, her body shimmering in the warm soapy water.
"Is that you getting prepared for some cock tonight?" I asked tentatively.
"I'm all shaved, I've douched my pussy and I bought a home enema kit, so my asshole is waiting to be fucked!" Suzi giggled knowing full well the effect her body and her words were having on my rock hard cock.
"Do you want to jerk off over my body while I stroke myself and tell you what I plan to do this evening?" She smiled wickedly.
I unzipped my trousers immediately, letting them fall to the floor as I moved closer to the bath, to watch my wife stroke her body while she regaled what filthy activities she had in store for her new lover.
"I'll tell him I'm married and let him finger my shaved pussy in the bar. When he's brought me to orgasm I'll encourage him to finger my ass, to let him know how much of a slut I am, and that he can do anything he wants to me!" She said almost whispering as I stroked my cock furiously.
"He'll play with my tits and I'll suck his cock in the cab home, so the taxi driver can get a nice view of my lips and tongue, pleasuring his cock, as I swallow all of his hot seed!" she said with half closed her eyes as her hands squeezed her huge breasts.
"When we get here, I'll take him straight to our bedroom, where he'll fuck me in our marital bed while I wear some sexy outfit, feeling his hot hard cock spunking in all of my holes and leaving his cum in wet patches all over our bed, as though he is marking his territory!' She giggled as the spunk flew out of my cock, splashing all over Suzi's wet breasts.
She beckoned me too her and licked the residual spunk off my deflating cock, as she smoothed her hands over her breasts rubbing my load into her skin.
"Someone was excited!" She giggled, pouring water over spunk drenched breasts.
"Will the guy be staying the night?" I enquired.
"That wouldn't be cheating!" She smiled "I'll fuck him a couple of times, tell him my husband will be back about five in the morning after his nightshift, then turf him out like a good slut should!"
"And then?" I asked with a mischievous grin.
"Then? Why, you'll come and fuck me!"