I am not a writer, there will probably be grammar issues.
Themes of raceplay, wmaf, ntr, taboo
WMAF Acceptance continued, and pretty short
--------
My senior year of college, my sister Cindy moved in with me. It was my parents' idea, after seeing how much Cindy was lacking in her studies. That summer she was scolded by our dad. Stop partying! Study! Your career! All the same old talkings she got in high school.
My parents were so happy to have me, their studious, responsible son watching over and making sure their sweet girl was working hard on getting her degree. I would be the good influence on my little sister.
My parents had no idea what kind of partying Cindy was up to. They had just assumed your typical college partying, but not Cindy. Her kind of partying was nothing like that. They would have never guessed what their daughter was up to.
Cindy's kind of party mostly involved her getting White men with Big Cocks to fuck her asian pussy. Cindy loved getting attention from White men and they loved giving her attention too. Cindy was a total slut for Big White Cock.
I, on the other hand, had developed a secret fetish for WMAF. I was obsessing over Asian girls getting fucked by White men. Asian girls worshiping White men. Asian girls belittling asian bois. Big White Cock fucking Asian pussy. I could not help notice all the WMAF around me, and I thought all the nastiest stuff about it.
And now I would be living with this White cock loving Asian girl, and she just so happens to be my sister. I was both excited and scared. I knew this fetish was bad for me as an asian man, but that just makes it so much hotter
My parents had just set up their son, who is obsessed over WMAF, and their daughter, who obsesses over White men and Big White Cocks, to be living together. And the fact that my parents had set up this hot situation, I loved it!
-About a month into the semester-
"Oh my fucking god! Yes! I love it Daddy!" Cindy cried out from her bedroom, door wide open while I was out in the living room playing games. I could hear the man grunting and panting. Their bodies wet and slapping against each other.
"I love it! Big! White! Cocks! Daddy yes! Yes! Yes!" Cindy continued while Mark (I think it was Mark at least) slapped and fucked her like a slut.
They kept going for a little over an hour until the fuck session completed. I could hear them kissing and cuddling. Soft slaps which sounded like Mark's hands against her plump little ass and no doubt groping.
Then Mark walked out naked. His big thick soft flopping cock swung freely as he strolled to the kitchen.
"Hey Leonard, how are you doing man?" he said casually as he passed me on the sofa patting me on the shoulders with his big hands.
"Doing good Daddy! How are you?" I say back. Even now as many times as I have called Cindy's lover's daddy, it still gets my heart racing saying it.
"Tired man. That sister of your's, she is something! Such an Asian slut for White men." He says, chuckling and amazed. He grabs a glass and pours himself a glass of orange juice. He drinks half and brings the other half to Cindy's room.
My phone begins to ring, as I wonder who could possibly be calling me on a Saturday afternoon. I pulled out my phone and saw it was my mom. Then it hit me, they were gonna visit us this weekend. Their first time visiting since moving in.
"Hey mom." I picked up nervously. As I began to walk over to give my sister a heads up
"Where was your place again? This complex is too confusing." mom said.
"Uhmm where... where.." I stumbled when I got to the doorway to see Mark standing tall and proud. His Big White Cock rock hard pointing to the ceiling as Cindy licks his balls, her hands stroking the thick meat.
"Where are you right now?" I finally got out.
"I think we are right outside. What was the address again? We see houses 1202 and 1203." Mom replies.
"Damn!" I thought to myself. They are right around the corner. We are 1204. "Alright mom, hold on, I will come outside and get you guys."
"Cindy! Mom and Dad are here!" I whisper loudly to them.
"Mmhhmmm hm" she nods looking at me with Marks big cock deep in her throat. Fuck I am so hard! I just keep eye contact for a while while her eyes begin to tear up. Then turn away to get my parents, and I hear her gasp for air shortly after. Then she begins gagging, Mark is probably fucking her throat right now I finally make my way out the front door.
At this point, as I am outside, I have no idea what Cindy is thinking. She is a wild one. It does not look like she is going to stop at all. My heart is racing and my dick still throbbing. I will try to give her time.
I walked out and looked around, my parents were nowhere to be seen. I turned the corner and still nothing. I kept walking and did not see them. I spotted their car and they weren't around.
"Hey mom?" I called her.
"Hey Leonard, where are you?"
"I'm in your car? Where are you?"
"I'm at your home."
"What!?" I said a little too loud and startled. I began racing back.
I got to our door and stopped. What the fuck is happening in there?" I thought to myself as I gathered myself before opening the door.
I open the door, and Cindy and my parents are there in the kitchen just talking. Looks like Cindy just poured them a glass of water and dad is probing her about her school. Cindy looks annoyed which is nothing new. However Cindy is wearing a black robe and I dont think she is wearing anything under there.
"Hey mom, Hi Dad." I said as I looked around for Mark. It seems he has not shown himself yet.
"Hey Leonard." mom and dad said in unison.
I looked down the small hallway for Mark and chuckled nervously as I joined the family in the kitchen. Cindy is smiling. She uncrossed her legs to show me that she was indeed naked under that robe, before crossing them again.
Dad continued questioning Cindy about her studies.
"What classes are you taking?"
"What are you majoring in?"
"How long until you graduate?"
"Are you studying?"
Cindy bit her lips. She didn't even answer any of dad's questions, instead just let him say what wanted. I could literally see her shaking in excitement, dad must have thought she was scared, that he was getting to her. But that was not it. No. That was definitely not it. She licked her lips....
"Dad, ask me about my boyfriend." Cindy said with such a devilish innocent look, literally rubbing humping the counter against her sweet spot.
Such a response from Cindy even puzzled dad. "What? You have a boyfriend?" he said, confused.
"Boyfriend?" mom chimed in as well.
"Well. I suppose you could say that." Cindy said. She paused and savored the moment. I too was so excited I began rubbing my dick over my jeans.
Mom and dad looked confused. Then looked over at me, and I immediately stopped rubbing myself. I am not nearly as courageous or daring as Cindy.
"Daddy!" Cindy called out.
"What?" dad said. And I saw Mark walk out of Cindy's room. He was still bare nude, his cock throbbing in the air as it bounced up and down with his strides.
Cindy just chuckled mixed with a moan.
"What?" Dad said again. And Mark passed me and patted me on the arm getting the attention of mom and dad.
Oh! The shock on their faces. Even their eyes like me were drawn first to his Big hard thick White Cock. While they were caught by Mark, Cindy slipped off her robe to reveal her sexy little naked Asian body.
"Mr. and Mrs. Chan." Mark nodded to them before getting to Cindy. He took her by the chin and kissed her passionately and began to make out. Her hand moved down to his White cock and began stroking him.
Mark picked Cindy up as her legs hugged his muscular torso, as he began to line up his throbbing cock to her sweet Asian pussy.
Once Mark felt the entrance, he did not hold back. Thrusting as hard as he can!
"OH GOD! OH GOD! YES! OH GOD!"
Mark moved her against a wall kept fucking away like a wild animal. A true fucking machine.
"FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!" Cindy's eyes were rolling in ecstasy.
"MMMmmmmmm!! Oh! Mmph! Daddy!"
"Cindy..." Mom and Dad did not know what to do. What to say.
Cindy kissed Mark and held his hip back to slow him down. Mark obliged and hugged her, slowly and sensually fucking her.
"This is one of my Daddies... oh Boyfriend. I mean." Cindy said before returning to making out with Mark, grinding on his thick White Cock.
"Leonard?..." Mom and dad said, and when they finally saw me, my pants were already half way down, and I was stroking my hardened asian dick relentlessly. I had already come twice in that time. I was in a daze eyes locked on Mark and Cincy fucking, drool going down my chin.
"Thanks for letting us move in together mom and dad!" Cindy mischievously said "Isn't that right brother?"
"Yes sister!" I said hypnotically.
Cindy hopped off Mark.
"I love BIG. WHITE. COCKs" Cindy shudders in excitement of telling her parents. She is stroking him with both hand and in circular motion like a pro.
"I am a slut for them!" She tugs Mark's cock to follow her. Mark is still as huge as ever. I stop doing everything I was doing as I was so close to cumming. I began to mentally record what Cindy was doing.
"Feel mom." Cindy says as she presents Mark's BWC in front of her. She bends down and kisses the long thick shaft.
"Come on mom. Isn't it big? So hot! Such a sexy White man!" Cindy grabs mom's hand and places it on his throbbing White cock.
"Oh fuck!" I say softly stroking ferociously now.
Mom slowly wraps her small hands around it. First the pinky, then ring, middle, and finally index and barely tipped her thumb. Mark thrusted forward into her hand and gave mom a little shock and gasp.
"God that is so hot!" Cindy smiled staring at Mark fuck mom's hands. She got close and began drooling on his Big White Cock as it lubed it, making slush in her hand.
"Be a White man's Slut mommy! It's the best!" she said seductively. "Look at Mark's glorious Big Fat White Daddy COCK! MMmmmmmm!!! Oh fuck I am so horny!"
"Mrs. Chan?" Mark said, grabbing mom's attention from his cock to his eyes. Mark kissed her. Then again with tongue. And again and again until they began making out. Mark then began stripping her and mom was hypnotized by this White man.
Mom had a good body for a mother at 45 years of age. Not model like or anything but very motherly and curvaceous. A slight belly, tits as big as Cindy, held up by her black bra and looking amazing in them. Her nipples were hard like rubber noticeable through the fabric. She had a nice big ass. I can tell Cindy got a lot from her. Mom was looking sexy!
Cindy left them and let them do their thing, and came towards me to enjoy the show as well. We looked at each other, and I could tell she was just as turned on as me. We looked over at dad, unable to move, but he had a hard on just like me, and I knew. It runs in the family. Maybe the Asian race.
"Daddy?" Cindy said, getting her father's attention. "Mom looks so hot right now, doesn't she?"
Dad nodded slowly, returning to eyes back to mom.
"Dad!" Cindy said again. She then motioned her index finger to him signaling him to come to us. The view is better here.
Dad walked over next me. Cindy then left and joined mom and Mark. She got on her knees and mom followed her. They both looked up to Mark's throbbing White cock, eager to have these Asian mother and daughter.
Cindy began licking and sucking him, gagging on it, getting it sloppy with her saliva! She dug in once more deep in her throat and slid his Big White Cock now coated. She gave Mark a smile and looked over to mom.
"Fuck my mom's throat daddy!" Cindy said. I could hear mom nervously gulp.
I began slowly stroking my dick, wanting the moment to last forever. I think dad noticed as well, and seemed like he took that as an okay for himself to touch himself too. That he was allowed to be turned on by this too. He began rubbing himself through his pants.
Mark moved his cock to point to mom, and mom tried to copy Cindy. Needless to say, she didn't have the practice Cindy had. Clearly she has never handled such a monster cock. She sucked Mark cock, only getting his head. Cindy joined in and began on his big balls as mom tried her hardest to swallow Mark.
Cindy got close to mom's ear and whispered something to her. Mom nodded her head in agreement with everything Cindy was saying.
Cindy and mom stood up. Cindy gripped Mark Big White Cock and told him, "Let's take this to the bedroom," and began to lead him away.
"Big brother, dad, could you grab us some pizza?" Cindy said, not waiting for any response. Me and dad just watched them walk away, juices trickling down their inner thighs. Then Cindy turned into my room, "Oh Fuck!" I said softly, and I came where I stood and my legs weakened, almost collapsing.
The door closed, and it was just me and my dad. "Let's go get them some pizza dad." I said so casually as I fixed my pants on.
To be continued..... No promises.