Everyone has heard about the government cutbacks, everyone it would appear except Alysson. Alysson is a teacher, in fact she is the ICT co-ordinator for a primary school I work with.
I'm an IT technician with a bigger school. Alysson had made a massive request for a piece of software to run on the whole network. The software was expensive, complicated to configure and of what was generally perceived by management to be of a benefit not commensurate with the expense in terms of outlay, or man power to install.
I had been given the delightful task of meeting with her to persuade her to step back from the software, or to make some concessions to bring the project within an acceptable scale.
There are some things I got told about Alysson that made me look forward to the meeting with interest and with trepidation. Firstly, she was, by repute, very, very attractive in a kirsten dunst kind of way, very natural. Secondly, she was spoken of regularly behind her back, she was referred to as a marriage wrecker, a temptress and often just a downright slut. The word was she had slept with a school inspector to get a better report, she had had a threesome with the former headmistress and her husband to get her spot on the management team, and that she was not above using her body to get anything she wanted; from that better report, to regularly giving the caretaker a blow job to get extra equipment.
With this knowledge I went into the meeting with a list of firm points to ensure I remained focussed and did not give up the senior management's position. We met at 11am in the staff room. We sat across from each other in some arm chairs, hidden from the main room by a partition wall. She was wearing a grey skirt suit, carrying her handbag and jacket, the skirt was mid thigh length and pleated. She opened the meeting by spelling out her argument for the software, I countered with my argument. The deal should have been done in about 10 minutes, but somehow we were still debating 20 minutes later and I could see that Alysson was starting to get frustrated and was beginning her diversionary tactics.
Alysson began to slide forwards in her chair, her skirt riding up obviously, I could see her stocking tops. She kept opening her knees slightly trying to distract me, but somehow I stayed focussed. She attempted to gain my attention further by seductively sipping from her glass of water, running her tongue along the rim suggestively. After almost 30 minutes of this she excused herself, leaving her jacket but taking her handbag.
When she returned I noticed some things had changed immediately. Gone were her stockings, her skirt had got shorter, she had let her hair down from it's ponytail and her blouse was open several buttons more than it had been. She sat down opposite me, keeping her knees firmly together. I decided to play her game a bit and see how far she would go.
I picked up a specification sheet from my case and pointed out something on it to do with hardware we would need to run the software, she moved towards the edge of the chair and her skirt rode up. She caught it before it exposed her and then leant forwards. As I've mentioned she is a lot like kirsten dunst, and this includes quite small breasts, which I was treated to a full view of as she inspected the paper in my hand. I was aware that she was dismissing my argument about the hardware by saying she could get a pay later deal and we could take the money out of next years budget. I was quite frankly more interested in the view down her top. She had clearly removed her bra and was currently displaying a pair of what must have been 30b boobs, topped with stiff, pink nipples. She remained looking at the paperwork much longer than necessary before she finally sat back, crossing her legs and giving me a brief flash of some short dark pubic hair.
I began to sum up my final position, she could take the deal I was offering, for a cut down version of the software on less workstations or she could leave it. She abandoned logic and began to appeal to my better nature about 'doing it for the kids', which she coupled with her final flourish. Alysson sat forward in her seat, her skirt rolling fully under her arse. She looked furtively sideways to ensure we were alone before whispering:
"If you push this through for me, you can do a lot more than look"
With that she perched on the very edge of the seat and spread her legs wide showing me a very shaved, very pink, very wet labia, topped with an erect and exposed clit. Her mound of venus was prominent on her slender frame and the small triangle of cropped dark hair on top of it somehow made it look even more naked. She remained like that for at least a minute, before closing her legs slowly and making one last appeal for me to approve the software for both of our benefit. I reminded her of the management position and the deal she'd been offered. I asked her:
"If you reconsider the offer, or if you find a cheaper solution I'll be pleased to reconsider and to meet with you again."
Alysson slid back in her seat, a little flushed, obviously turned on. She smoothed her skirt, got up and picked up her jacket. In the same action she reached into her bag, took something out and held it in her hand
"I'm sorry we couldn't come to an arrangement, maybe next time we can see eye to eye on the matter, for the good of each other and that of the children"
She dropped the thing in her hand into my case and left the room. I checked what she'd done although I had a good idea what it was. I reached into the case and drew out the item. It was her knickers, tiny, black, lacy and thoroughly soaked. I'd had fun, clearly so had she.