Cecil was walking through the apartment building hallway and a noise got his attention. As he got a little further he could hear it better, "Smack, smack, smack, smack, smack, Ouch!" He noticed it was coming from the door of an acquaintance. The door was slightly ajar. He started to push it open and then saw what was going on.
Through the partial opening he saw his neighbor Dennis, holding his exotic wife over his knees. Her skirt was up and he could see her bare ass, and beautiful pussy with a fine layer of pubic hair covering the curves of her labia that thinned out just as it was going around her asshole which was a tantalizing tiny button slit with a spray of sexy wrinkles. He could see her panties were down to her knees. "Smack!" He saw this spanking and the jiggle of her firm buns into her ass crack. "Ow," said Zairie.
Cecil backed away carefully, then made foot steps like approaching the door, and knocked.
Dennis said, "Come in." He pulled her skirt down in the back and stood her up next to him.
Cecil came in the door and said, "Hello."
"Hi," said Dennis in reply.
Cecil could see Zairie had mahogany print panties with pink embroidery, white lace trim, and a pink bow. She had to be humiliated because her panties were below her skirt hem, and below her knees.
Suddenly Dennis said, "Zairie pull your panties up!"
Embarrassed, Zairie looked at Cecil briefly, then pulled her panties up showing a great display of her pussy cleft, and light covering of dark pubic hair.
Cecil felt sorry for her and vowed to himself that he would come by and see her when Dennis was away and talk with her.
Cecil knew what car Dennis drove and knew when he would be away for work. He came by and knocked on the door not knowing if Zairie was there or not. After a minute or two, Zairie came to the door.
Zaire said, "Hello, how are you."
Cecil said, "I'm fine. Could I come in for a few minutes?"
"Yes, come this way," she locked the door back, and ushered him into the living room. There was a couch, an arm chair, a chase lounge, and a straight back chair Cecil saw the other day. "What brings you here today?"
"Oh I just wanted to apologize if I came at a bad time the other day." Cecil noticed she had a front zip mini skirt on, and short white socks in glossy black low heels. She had a white see through blouse and he could see her dark brown nipples, poking in the material.
"That was okay, no problem."
Cecil said, "I saw you have some beautiful legs, and I accidentally saw your cute little butt. You had some very pretty panties as well."
"You wanted to tell me that?" she asked.
"Yes, of course," he replied.
"Thank you," she blushed.
"Come here," Cecil commanded.
Submissively she came to his side.
"Let's see what we have here," Cecil said as he grabbed her around the waist. He folded her over his legs, pulled up her skirt and pulled down her panties so quick she didn't have time to react. His hand came down on her ass, "Smack!" He rubbed her ass to remove the redness, and to feel her butt. Fondling her butt for a few minutes he could feel more heat when his hand came to her crotch. Fingering around the edge of her vagina, he discovered she was very wet. "Stand over here for a minute, and leave your panties like they are."
Cecil took a picture with his cell phone with her facing him, skirt pulled up, panties down, and bare pussy in a beautiful profile. He had her bend over the chase lounge and took a picture of her ass and pussy from behind. Spreading her ass he got topological detail of her ass crack, butt hole, and soaking wet pussy dripping creamy juices. He took off her blouse and took pictures of her beautiful firm boobs with hard nipples.
Cecil stripped her naked and lifted her by holding her pussy mound and pubic bone with a thumb in her pussy. He played with her pussy flower watching her pussy petals engorge and splay out, then he fucked her, as if he was on fire. He fingered her asshole, to stretch it.
Then Cecil trained her to suck her pussy juices off his cock every time until he cums and then swallow it. Finally he took her anal cherry.
The next day while Dennis was out again, he took Zairie outdoors to a park next to a jogging trail to get pictures of her while stripping her. Cecil took pictures of her frontal nudity showing dark brown nipples, and hairy pussy mound in public. As he was taking pictures a woman jogger passed by and said, "Aweful," but she stops to watch for a while with a hand discreetly playing with her pussy. A male jogger said, "Awesome!" Another woman jogger in a one piece yoga suit showing her shapely pussy mound, stopped and saw the spanking over Cecil's knees. She recognized the pussy was wet and came up to eat some pussy. Cecil got a great picture of that as well. These were all pictures of good memories to preserve, and sell.
Zairie was truly honored that people wanted to see her body. She realized she was an exhibitionist at heart.
***
To see my other listings click on Alluring_Crimson_Shifter below and enjoy!
***