"Well honey, it's been fun," Jake said as he began to downshift and glide the big rig over to the shoulder. "Vegas is my turnaround. Best place for cheap food is a casino and they're as thick as fiddlers in hell in this town. Here."
He handed her a box of Trojans.
"Love is free now but the clap ain't. And here's something else I want you to have." He handed her a thin paperback book. She held it in her hand as if she'd never seen a book before.
"Zen and the Art of Archery... what this?" Victoria asked, bewildered.
"It's short. And it aint about archery. It won't take up much room in your rucksack. You can thank me later."
"I'll thank you now. It's probably the nicest thing anyone's ever given me," she exclaimed, giving him a kiss on the cheek. "I love it!"
She held the book to her breast and closed her eyes as if she could draw its mysterious knowledge directly into her bosom.
The big truck ground to a halt. Dusk was beginning to settle and the flashing neon from dozens of casinos began to blossom and blink.
Victoria stepped down onto the gravel shoulder as Jake leaned over to the open passenger side window.
"Remember - wherever you go, there you are," he said with a grin. "See ya!"
The big rig made a slow, wide u-turn and then, with a blast of his horn, rumbled away.
"Eenie, meenie, minie, moe, catch a hippie by the toe," she sang to herself, scanning the road ahead. One sign stood out among the rest. It was shaped like a painter's palette with the words Desert Inn splashed across it in large, elongated letters.
"I'm in the desert, so Desert Inn it is!" she announced to no one but herself.
***
Las Vegas, 1967.
Victoria walked into the foyer of the Desert Inn casino and stood there, taking it all in. Chandeliers, mirrors everywhere, the sounds of slot machine handles being pulled and released, ka-chunck, bells and buzzers, the insistent hum of an industrial AC system on full blast. In the casino itself she could see gaming tables and roulette wheels, surrounded by a throng of people of every shape, size, and color. Gliding among them like exotic fish, tight-skirted waitresses with big boobs popping out of push-up bras carried trays of free, watered down vodka tonics.
Even though Dolores had washed her miniskirt earlier than morning, Victorian was sweaty from riding all day in an un-air-conditioned truck. Her pussy juices had soaked her panties while she masturbated for Jake and actually ran down her inner thighs a bit. And she could feel some encrusted cum on her ass and hips from the threeway in Tucson. She lowered her shades and strode confidently into the casino proper where she knew the restrooms were.
Once in the women's room she found a sink in the corner and set her daypack on the floor. After splashing cold water on her face, she unzipped the front of the one-piece miniskirt until it fell away to the cold tiles at her feet. She stood there topless in her thin panties and saw a million of her in the full-length mirrors that surrounded her and covered the ceiling. With effort, though slight, she wiggled out of the tight panties.
There was no one in the restroom but there could be at any moment. Still, Victoria was mesmerized by what she saw in the mirror: a beautiful young woman with long, tan legs, shapely but almost athletic; tight rounded butt and firm thighs; thin waist with a hint of stomach bump curving up to her modestly sized breasts; soft shoulders on which fell her long straight brown hair, playfully disheveled. Pale tan lines outlined her thick dark bush and triangular area around her pink nipples. She turned and admired her form from every side.
Wetting some paper towels she began to give herself a sponge bath. She wiped off the sweat on her neck, upper chest, under her arms and breasts. She wetted a fresh paper towel and, placing one foot on the counter, began to work between her legs. After a few wipes, however, the sensation on her clit just began to make her wet again.
With a sigh she hopped up on the counter and swung one leg over the sink so she could splash water on her pussy. As the stream of water warmed up she examined her labia in the mirror. They were a slightly darker pink than the pinkness inside the lips. With her thumb and index finger she spread the lips wider. She could just make out the small dark opening to her vagina and at the top of the slit, the small round button of her clit. The casino's restroom mirror was giving her the best look at her sex she'd ever had. She was fascinated.
So this was where it all happened. She probed the folds of her inner lips and felt them slowly dampening with a slick, viscous liquid. It was thrilling to think she could be discovered at any second. She slipped the tip of a finger into her cunt hole. Her soft labia closed around it. She pushed her finger in deeper and curled it upward to stroke the top of her vaginal opening. Glancing up to her breasts in the mirror she confirmed what her senses were reporting: the nipples on her B cup breasts were hard and pointing slightly upward.
She liked the fact that her tits pointed up. Perky was what Lydia in gym class called them. She didn't mind the beauty mark on the underside of her right breast, or that the left breast was slightly bigger; she'd frequently noticed the same thing in the breasts of the other girls in the gym shower, no matter how voluptuously big or firm and tiny her classmate's breasts were.
Of course Susie O. had perfect tits. Just like the Playboy centerfold they'd giggled over at the sleepover, finding it under the mattress of Susie's older brother Kent, then taking off their own t-shirts and bras to compare notes. Susie's were big, firm, and bouncy and identically perfect. Kim's were small like Victoria's but with big puffy nipples. Jean's were the biggest and hung lower than she liked, but they all agreed that boys didn't really care as long as the girls let them touch. Then they noticed the window blinds were open and when Susie went to close them, she saw that someone was looking through a gap in the blinds in the next door neighbor's window. "Kent's next door visiting his friend Andy, let's give them a show," Kim said, and even though it was her brother over there, Susie agreed. They kept the blinds open and made exaggerated movements to stand in front of the window and push their breasts right up to each other, nipple to nipple, giggling. Jean and Kim stripped down to their panties and Victoria followed suit, going so far as to pull the front of their underwear down to the top of their bushes, letting a little pussy hair peek over. They turned around with their butts to the window and pulled their panties down lower to show their butts. "Bend lower," Susie commanded, "so they can see your pussy slots!" Then Susie took the cord that controlled the blinds and counted down, one, two, three. On three the girls turned around and after only a moment of beaver shots, Susie closed the blinds as they all fell to the floor laughing.
Victoria couldn't take her eyes off Susie's magnificent breasts that night. She wanted to touch them but of course couldn't admit that. She still liked to think about Susie's tits when she caressed her own, as she was doing now.
She heard the outer door to the restroom open, and climbed off the counter. Still naked, she stood at the sink, washing her hands as if it was the most natural thing in the world to be naked in the casino's women's room. A middle-aged woman in a short, tight, black skirt and high heels clicked by her and entered a stall, smiling but saying nothing.
Victoria finished her sponge bath and fished some clothes out of her bag, a long, flowing Indian print skirt and a white peasant blouse, which she pulled on over her naked body. No panties and since she didn't currently own a bra, braless. The top three buttons of the blouse were open, showing her chest freckles and just a bit more than a hint of the inside curve of her breasts. She brushed her hair, popped a white, then walked out toward the tables just as an elderly gray-haired woman came in. Victoria smiled.
She approached one of the stacked cocktail waitresses who was more tanned as she was. "I left my key in my room. Is there some place I can leave my bag while I'm at the tables?" she asked innocently.
"Of course, I'll put it behind the front desk for you," the waitress said, smiling knowingly. "Here's your complimentary starter package and thank you for choosing the Desert Inn."
In the plastic bag was a color brochure, one meal ticket, three drink tickets, and five red $5 chips.
Victoria strolled among the tables until she'd lost sight of the waitress. She could turn in the chips for $25, get a fee meal, and maybe barter the drink tickets to a wino for a couple of bucks. She began to head toward the exit.
Suddenly she felt a hand on her upper arm, firmly guiding her over to the side of the room. Busted.
"You have to play your chips," the chunky middle-aged man in loud Hawaiian shirt said. He was wearing khaki cargo shorts, shades, and a straw fedora just a little too small.
"Fuck that, they gave them to me," Victoria said, shaking her arm loose.
"If you show up at the window with five red chips they're going to ask to see your room key, and we both know there's no key."
"Who the fuck are you?"
"A friend."
"Well I don't know how to play any of this shit."
"Blackjack. It's the only game you have even a cunt hair's chance of winning. There's only two things you need to know: always split aces and eights, and quit while you're ahead."
"I don't even know what that means - the aces and eights part.
The man sighed. "Okay, here's the deal. You're going to get some cards and the dealer will get some cards. You want to get as close to 21 as you can without going over. So be careful. The dealer has to draw a card at 16 but you don't. That's your advantage. So play it safe. And remember, there's a shitload of face cards in the deck, so just assume that the next card will always count as ten."
"Will you play with me?" she asked.
"No darlin', I'm on duty. Security. I'm here to keep the riff-raff out," he grinned.
"You're awfully kind. I wish there was some way I could repay you," she replied, trying to sound sexy. "Something that I can do for you on my knees?"
He raised his shades and looked her in the eyes. "That'll get you kicked out of here like an extra point and me fired. Besides," he paused. "You remind me of somebody. I'm doing this for her. Have fun. Oh, and if you're down to one chip, take a break and use your meal ticket."
He glanced over her shoulder. She turned to look and when she turned back, he was gone.
She strolled down a line of blackjack tables and stopped at one with only a couple of people seated. The dealer was a stern-looking blond woman, about 45. She looked like she'd seen it all. Sitting down, Victoria placed her chips on the table as she saw the others had done. The dealer was shuffling three decks of cards with stunning precision. Victoria saw the other players place one $5 chip in front of them. She did the same.
"All bets down," the dealer intoned and began dealing cards. Victoria got a seven and a six. The dealer had one card face down and a five. Mimicking the other players, when her turn came around, Victoria tapped her cards to indicate one more. The blond woman dealt her a king. Busted. The dealer scooped up Victoria's chip without batting an eye.
On the next round Victoria got to 17 and held. The dealer drew to 18. Another chip lost. The dealer busted on the following round, gaining Victoria a chip. But she lost the next two hands and was down to her last two chips. Time for a dinner break after one more hand. While the dealer was shuffling, a dark haired man in a tuxedo stepped up from behind the tables and whispered into the dealer's ear. She remained expressionless.
The first card Victoria got was an ace. The second card was also an ace. The dealer looked at her expectantly.
"I want to split the aces, how do I do that?" Victoria asked, hesitantly.
"Just separate them and place an equal bet on the second ace," the dealer said.
Victoria put her last chip on top of the Ace of Hearts.
The dealer slapped a jack down on top of the first ace, and a queen on top of the second. The Queen of Hearts.
"Double Blackjack!" the dealer announced and the other players murmured with a mixture of envy and disgust. The dealer put two chips on top of each of Victoria's for a total of six. She was up.
A drink waitress with 36DDs stood by Victoria's elbow with a tray of cocktails in her hand. "Seven and seven or Jack and Coke?" she asked.
"No thanks," Victoria said sweetly. "But I'd like a Dr. Pepper."
"We don't make those - what's in it?" the puzzled waitress asked.
"Never mind," Victoria said. "I guess I'll take that Coke drink you mentioned."
Two hours and six Jacks later, Victoria stood up somewhat uncertainly and headed to the cash window with $200 worth of chips. Another busty waitress appeared, tall with a blond bouffant hairdo, and gently steadied her with an arm around her waist. Victoria noticed two dark areola peeking out from the top her skimpy push-up bra. One boob had a nametag that said "Wendy". "Let me take you to a special VIP window," the Amazon said in a surprisingly high voice.
"Okay," Victoria said, watching the tops of the waitress's ample melons jiggle as she swayed on her three inch heels.
At the window was a distinguished gray haired man in a crisp white shirt and red vest. "Will you take care of this VIP, Tom?" Wendy said.
"You bet," he smiled. He took her chips, counted them, then wrote a note on a slip of paper. "Just take this up to the ninth floor and you'll get your cash."
The elevator door opened with a soft ding. Instead of a hallway with numbered rooms, she looked out on a lavish foyer with a sunken lounge area, exotic potted plants, enormous aquarium, and leather-covered love seats. A fountain bubbled over a cliff of river stones in the corner. She didn't see a soul.
Suddenly a deep, stately voice broke the eerie silence.
"All days are nights to see till I see thee, and nights bright days when dreams do show thee me," intoned a man's voice from the shadows behind her. She turned, startled.
Her eyes slowly adjusted to the dim light, and then she could make out a figure seated in high-backed leather chair. He was sixty or sixty-five, thin with long gray hair that hung straight down the side of his head. He wore loose-fitting pajama pants, a loose cotton Mexican wedding shirt, and a smoking jacket tied with a sash. His face was largely covered with a thick gray beard and bushy eyebrows. Deep lines creased the sides of his face and forehead. She could detect a slight smile in his mysterious face, mainly in the wrinkles that bunched at the corners of his sparkling dark eyes.
"I have a slip here for $200," Victoria said, trying to sound confident.
"Of course you do. Congratulations."
"It wasn't skill, it was luck," she replied matter-of-factly.
"I meant congratulations for knowing when to stop," he said, standing. "Follow me."
***
He led her down a long hallway past framed photographs of Hollywood starlets from the 30s and 40s. As they passed an open door she could see a room full of television monitors stacked one upon the other, built into the walls. She paused to look in. All the screens were on, and she could see that every single aspect of the casino's operations was on view: the gambling floor, the bar, the restaurant, the kitchen, hotel rooms, and bathrooms. It was clear that none of the people on the screens knew they were being watched.
She looked at him. He looked at her.
"So you could see me washing myself in the women's room?"
"Oh yes. You put on quite a show."
"I didn't mean to."
"You didn't? You certainly took your time. You removed all your clothes, every bit. You examined your naked body in the mirror from several angles. You washed your breasts over and over, tweaking your nipples until they were hard. And you washed your vaginal area for a long time, with one leg propped up over the sink. Anyone could have walked in on you at any time and seen a better show that we have on our stage."
"Somebody was paying a lot of attention."
"That's what I do. Pay attention, that is."
Victoria scanned across the wall of monitors. One section showed the gaming tables in the casino, from directly above. The public restrooms, for both women and men, were also viewed from directly above to show the stalls as well as the sinks. The hotel bedrooms, however, had a camera positioned somewhere on the wall - in a picture perhaps? - and another overhead camera in the bathroom with a clear view of the bath and shower. The black and white images, recorded without sound, were grainy and poorly lit, and many of the scenes were motionless and devoid of people. But not all.
In one bedroom she saw a big, burly man in a bathrobe, which was open, and a slighter man, in tight briefs, on his knees, sucking the erect cock of the standing man. She was fascinated to see how a man sucked cock. She took note of how he cradled the big man's balls with one hand and stroked the base of the man's cock with the other, in a circular motion, as his mouth pushed back and forth over the head.
She watched as the big cock grew bigger. The man on his knees pushed his mouth on the dick farther and farther until it got to where he couldn't take it anymore. Then the big man put a hand on the back of his head and thrust deeper until the kneeling man gagged. The standing man withdrew his cock but as soon as the kneeling man had caught his breath, he was right back on it.
She couldn't take her eyes away from the scene but she had to see what else was going on.
In another bedroom an older woman with gray hair and glasses was sitting on a chair, naked, sucking the dick of a younger man in a business suit and tie. Her blouse was unbuttoned and Victoria could see her lacy black bra pushing the woman's boobs together. The woman sucked in a very methodical rhythm and neither of them seemed to be in a rush. Victoria noticed the woman only went past the head for an inch before pulling back, and moved her mouth in a circular motion, similar to the way the kneeling man used his hand. Victoria took note of this.
It got kinkier.
On another screen she saw a big, beautiful woman lying completely naked on a bed, spread-eagled, her enormous boobs spilling out toward the sides, her legs spread wide, while five men naked from the waist down knelt around her, stroking their dicks, positioning themselves to ejaculate on her bush, stomach, thighs, tits, and face.
She watched the men jerk off for a minute then glanced over to another scene, a young couple was standing by the bed - fully clothed with the exception that one of the woman's breast was out - arms writhing around each other like octopuses, making out, kissing deeply. She watched their mouths open wider and saw their tongues dancing, wrestling with each other in that warm, wet space. His hand reached up to cup her exposed breast, kneading it, then finding the nipple and pinching it hard. She saw the woman gasp. Her hand was inside his shirt, rubbing furiously on his chest. Victoria could see thick dark chest hair under her hand. With his other hand he was reaching down to her thigh and sliding it up under her skirt. She was wearing sheer pantyhose. He rubbed circles over her ass then slipped his band inside the elastic waist band to reach down and grab her butt cheek, hard. She pushed her sex into his, arching her back, and though the video was silent Victoria could swear she the woman moan.
She wanted to watch each screen but she didn't want to miss anything that might be going on somewhere else. Glancing back at the voluptuous woman on her back, Victoria could see that one of the men had come on the woman's breasts, and it looked from the rapid motions of the man kneeling by her face that he was about to come too. Looking back to the two gay men she saw that the big man had already come. His dick hung down, still long but not erect, and the kneeling man was wiping his face with a white t-shirt.
Victoria looked over at the mysterious older man who masterminded this bizarre theater of erotic delights. "How do you choose?" she asked, genuinely.
"That's an excellent question my dear," he said, almost sadly. "I spend all day and most of the night trying to answer it."
She glanced back to a screen showing the blackjack tables, where she had just been. She realized he'd been watching her there too, and wondered if luck or skill really had anything to do with her winnings.
"Do you see anything you like?" the older man asked.
Victoria nodded. "That woman in the sequins has a great rack," she said. They reminded her of Susie O's. He pressed a button below the monitor and picked up a headset. "Camera twelve, manual control," he spoke into the microphone. Placing his hand on a dial at a console, he began to adjust the picture. Slowly, the camera zoomed in on the woman's cleavage. Soon her enormous breast filled the screen. He grew quiet, and she saw him put his left hand inside his loose pajama pants. His bulge was huge, and growing. Then, he stopped.
"As you can see, we have everything you could want in here, twenty-four hours a day. Every kind of sexual activity, every sexual preference, every kind of human body, body part, sex organ. It can get overwhelming sometimes."
"Do you jerk off in here?"
"Yes I do. But not as much lately. I want to see new things, always newer things, and that's harder and harder to come by. And I wish I could hear them. The ear is highly erotic organ you know."
"No, I didn't know that."
"For example, in this one," he said, pointing to a bedroom scene in which a newlywed couple was making love missionary style. The woman was on her back with her legs spread wide, wearing white stockings held up by garters and nothing else. The man, much bigger, with dark curly hair covering his back, was still wearing his black dress socks. He was thrusting in and out of her pussy as fast as a woodpecker, Victoria thought. She couldn't believe he was able to keep up that pace but he was showing no sign of slowing.
"What do you think they're saying? What do you think the woman is saying?"
"She's probably saying, fuck me honey, fuck me hard! Give me that big dick in my wet pussy."
"Excellent! But you see, his dick really isn't that big. Would she still be saying that?"
"Yes she would. It makes his dick hard to hear her say that so she gets a bigger, harder dick out of it."
"What would you be saying if you were being fucked by that young man?"
"Umm. I'd probably be saying, 'oh baby, slide that cock up my cunt, all the way, I'm so wet for you," Victoria cooed. "I want you to come in my pussy. I want you to, oh yeah, just like that, I want you to shoot your jizz up my pussy and fill it with your cum until it drips out my pussy and oozes down to my ass. I want to swim in your cum baby."
She noticed her host's hand was back on his dick, his right hand this time. With his left hand he pulled his pajamas down to reveal an erect eight inch cock. His balls were big and tight in his scrotum, which we cupped in his left hand. He sat down in a leather office chair in front of the monitor and continued to stroke his cock.
"Continue," he said.
"Oh I love to feel that rock hard cock of yours pump my pussy," Victoria whispered with a moan. "Pump me baby! Give me that big monster cock. Fill my cunt hole with that shaft," she said, staring at his growing cock instead of the monitor. "Yes, yes, yes," she chanted in time with his strokes. She began to moan, as if she was getting fucked herself. Without realizing it she had put her own hand down the top of her skirt and was plunging her fingers into her sex. His hand was pumping harder and faster and she could tell he was about to come. She moved over closer to him, pulling her blouse over her head, positioning herself to receive his semen wherever he wanted to shoot it. She began to reach for this cock.
"No!" he said, firmly, stopping his hand at the top of his penis, gripping it. "I don't want anything from you. I don't want anything from anybody." She could see his dick already starting to soften.
"I'm sorry, I didn't know," she stammered. "Don't stop, keep going."
"That's OK. I need to stop for a minute, catch my breath. I need to get some Kleenex anyway. Where is that damn Kleenex?" he looked around impatiently. He got up and walked to a cabinet. Inside it was stuffed entirely with hundreds of neatly stacked boxes of tissues. He took one, opened it, and sat back in his chair. The young couple had stopped fucking; the young man had come quickly and rolled over and now appeared to be sleeping. The bathroom camera showed the woman on the toilet, the image steaming up from hot shower running beside her.
"When was the last time you were fucked?" he asked, reaching into his pants again.
"Yesterday, at a truckstop motel."
"Tell me about it. Was it someone you knew? Someone who picked you up? What did he look like? What did he say to you to get you to fuck him?"
"He was a truck driver who'd given me a ride. I'd blown him on the drive. He had a girlfriend at the truckstop and we did him together."
"You had a threesome?" he said, excitedly. "Tell me what she looked like."
"She was a big, beautiful woman. About thirty. Big hips, big round butt, big thighs. Pretty narrow waist though, a real hourglass figure. Big tits. She was so fucking sexy."
"Did you do her too?"
"No, we just took turns with him."
"Did he fuck both of you?"
"Yes. But first we sucked him. I sucked his cock while she kissed him, then we switched and I made out with him while she sucked him. Then I sucked him while she licked his balls, and we switched off on that too. Then she climbed up on his cock and rode the shit out of him while I kissed him and dangled my tits in his face. We switched and I rode his cock while she sat on his face and he ate her pussy. We just kept taking turns doing all this crazy shit."
"Did he come in your pussy?"
"Yes, after he had come in her pussy. He had a lot of cum. After we rested awhile we started in again and he came in her mouth."
"Did you come?"
"Yes I did, it was far out. I came while I was sitting on his face and he was licking the fuck out of my clit. I just fucking drenched his face with my pussy juice."
The older man's cock was even bigger and harder than it had been before. Suddenly he groaned and leaned back in his chair, his cock extended over his belly. He spasmed once, twice, three times in ecstasy, but nothing came out of his penis. Then he spasmed once more and a small amount of semen oozed from the tip of his cock and began to slide down the underside of his shaft. He moaned once again, soft and low this time.
"That was wonderful," he said, more relaxed than she had yet seen him. "I want to hear more about your exploits. But first I want you to have a nice relaxing bath. It's all prepared for you. I've also had some clothes laid out for you. A woman of your beauty needs to be adorned with fur and jewels.
Just then an attendant appeared with a small black bag.
"This is Maurice. He'll show you to the bath. And if you don't mind he'll also administer a little blood test to make sure you're healthy - for both of our sakes. It won't hurt a bit and we'll have the results by the time you're finished with your bath."
"That's kind of crazy you know," Victoria said.
"Yes, I know," he said. "You're being so sweet to cooperate. I'll make it worth your while. In the meantime, relax and enjoy."
And with that he waved his hand and turned to look at a different wall of monitors. Victoria looked at Maurice for some sign as to what she should do. He looked at her impassively, then said with a slight smile, "I ran it a little hot knowing that you might not be ready to get in right away. That was ten minutes ago. By calculation, the water will be perfect in exactly one minute."
He bent slightly toward a door opening into another room.
'I could really use a bath,' Victoria thought. 'And what the hell. I can't wait to see what this crazy goofball comes up with next.' She stood up and followed Maurice through the door.