Before I had ever said a word to her, I had a very strong feeling that she was, at the very least, an exhibitionist. The way that she walked into the pool and hot tub area, it a miniskirt and sheer white blouse, she had my attention and the attention of the other six guys sitting at the table with me. My first thought was "Who dresses like that to come to a swimming pool?" As she sat down on the lounge chair, letting us all look up her little skirt, we all agreed it was intentional. I told myself right then that I needed to meet this girl.
As luck would have it, I did meet her and I was right, she was an exhibitionist. On early evening after we began dating, she called and said she wanted to go swimming. It was too cool for swimming, so I figured she meant she wanted to sit in the hot tub. She told me that she wanted me to see her new bathing suit. She made it sound like it was something a little sexier than she normally wore so I was all in. I text a couple of my buddies and told them to head towards the pool in about 15 minutes.
When I arrived, she was already there and greeted me with a kiss. As she peeled off her sweatshirt, I felt sure that the "bathing suit top" she was wearing was her white sports bra. As the sweatpants came down, I immediately recognized her white thong panties. The thought of her standing on the deck in her underwear, in a public place, had my blood flowing to all the right places. She commented on my arousal and I asked her if what she was wearing was indeed her panties. As she was saying that they were, my buddies came pouring in the gate. I was not sure how she would react, thinking she would probably cover up. She did not flinch. Instead, she greeted each one of them with a hug as she normally would have. The cool night air was already influencing her nipples, and everybody noticed. As the guys all took a seat, she dove headfirst into the pool. The water was chilly and that made everything even more noticeable when she got out. Her nipples standing at attention, her bra and panties now see-through, she stood at the edge of the pool, bent over, and dove in again. Although her pussy was covered by her thong, the wet material was extremely see-though, and everybody got an enjoyable look.
After she swam a few laps, she got out of the pool and invited everybody to join us in the hot tub. My friends, ever the idiots that they are, had rushed to the pool to see the show, without putting on anything to swim in. Daniele and I entered the hot tub while the other sat on the benches around us. I could feel her hands, under the bubbles, loosening the drawstring on my swim trunks. She took me out and slowly began jerking me. I pulled her thong aside and began to finger her. She stopped long enough to take her sports bra off, straddle me, and take me inside her. Now, I have never been a prude. I have had sex in a room with others around. What I had never done before was have sex, where we were the show. As I sucked on her still erect nipples, as she bounced up and down on my swollen shaft, all eyes were on us. I took a little bit of comfort knowing that they were all really watching her and could have cared less about me. I wish I had told all the guys to put trunks on. I felt certain, that in the water, they would have all gotten and handful at least. I could tell she was about to orgasm and bit her neck as she forced herself down on me. I stood up and she wrapped her legs around me. I am sure that my buddies sitting on the bench behind her could see my shaft deep inside her. I bounced her up and down until she orgasmed. After she recovered, she pushed herself away from me and moved over to the edge of the hot tub. She bent over slightly so I could approach her from behind. I pulled her thong off and inserted myself. As I began to thrust in and out, everybody moved to the bench she was facing so they could watch here 36D breast moving with each thrust. I continued with my thrust until I was ready to climax, I quickly pulled out and turned her around. She knew what I wanted and immediately took my shaft and my load deep in her throat.
We took a few minutes to let our heartrates return to normal. She jumped up on the deck, fully nude and toweled off. She made sure that her backside was facing the crowd when she bent over to put on her thong, bending over far more than necessary and taking much longer to pull them up then needed. I am sure they all appreciated it. She finished the process of getting dressed, gave us all hugs and kisses good-bye, my kiss being a little better than theirs. As she hugged and kissed me, I grabbed a nice handful of her sexy ass. Only one of my friends picked up on the fact that I was trying to show them all what to do. He was the only one that got a nice handful, and maybe a little finger rub against her clit as her eyes did widen a little. As she walked towards the gate, she said that swim trunks would be a good idea for everybody next time.