I finally have some time tonight to catch up on my Literotica account and share another story that happened recently. My husband who's deployed with the Air Force in Germany loves to hear stories about what I'm doing while he's gone. Well honey I hope you like this one as I certainly did.
To help make some additional money while my husband is gone I've taken in a renter of our basement apartment. He's a pilot for an airline that flies in and out of Asheville and wanted a place to stay on layovers instead of the boring hotel scene. I've been having some fun with him and the other day he asked if I'd like a night out on the town. Who am I to turn down an offer like that?
"Yes please," I said.
So this past Tuesday I got an email from him in the morning telling me he was going to be in the apartment that night and that I should find a babysitter for the kids and prepare for a fun night out. Geez it's a work/school night but I haven't had a fun night out in a while so why not. He got into the apartment around 7PM and was calling me on his cel phone at 7:30PM asking if I was ready. I said I was almost ready to which he replied that I should look on the front door for something. I went to my front door and there was a dark blue dress. I went upstairs with it and tried it on. It fit, well kind of. It was very tight and small but still fit me somewhat. It showed off a lot of cleavage and curves. Luckily I had a strapless bra from a bridesmaid dress from the summer. It pushed my boobs up and was very revealing. The dress was also very short. Half thigh. I decided to give him a thrill and go panty less.
The babysitter showed up and gave me a few strange looks. Like what the hell are you wearing you married school teacher with a husband in the military overseas? I acted normally and got her plugged into bedtime. She's a neighbor's daughter and could stay late or even the night because she has in the past. With that I was off.
I got into my car and then called my pilot friend to say I was ready. He must have been waiting because he was in the car 30 seconds later. He immediately gave me a long kiss and had his hand over my freshly shaved and quickly wetting pussy in no time. I had to push him off before a neighbor saw. But he did comment on how hot I looked and how much he appreciated the night out. I gave a heart felt smile. We drove into Asheville and decided to go to Jack of the Wood to have a beer before figuring out what else to do. There were some seats on the bench outside on Patton Ave so we had a beer and chatted sitting next to each other as we watched people walk and drive by. People from Asheville will know exactly the place. There is a picture here. I was quickly becoming buzzed from the beer and being there with him. I was nervous somebody would recognize me but also excited to be out experiencing the night life of Asheville. My pilot friend obviously knew I didn't have on any panties and was constantly giving me quick and intense deep kisses as well as having his hand on my thighs. I could feel him pulling on my leg trying to expose my pussy to anybody walking by. This got me so excited as it was finally dark but also lit enough for people to see. My pussy lips were so swollen with excitement and my nipples were as hard as I can remember from the cool air and stimulation of the moment. I have to admit I caught a few guys getting a quick peek.
We did eventually leave there to have dinner up the street at Tupelo Honey. It was a terrific dinner and there was much play under the white table cloth. I'll admit I had my legs open enough for him to literally finger fuck me through out much of the dinner. He did it slow enough to keep me from cumming but I was on the verge through out. The feeling of his thick fingers working in and out of my drenched pussy and on occasion the sensation of him pulling my pussy lips was so intense. His thumb did wonders with direct pressure and circles to my clit. Oh my God yes. The waiter must have thought I was going to pass out I was so flush, not to mention the full on nipples I had going under my shear bra. I was loving it. While we were waiting for dinner my pilot friend pulled out his enormous and perfect cock under the table and told me to stroke it. He was fully hard before I even touched it and when I did I almost jumped when I felt how ready it was. What a wild feeling to stroke back and forth on a cock so long and hard. It was as long as two of my hands so I was literally stroking it in long full motions, stopping only to feel the heat and softness of his large cock head. He joked that he was sure my husband had never done this or had I felt him being this big. I admitted he was right. My friend is truly blessed with a oh so pleasing cock. Sorry honey, he just has such a nice one.
Dinner was over and as promised my pilot friend took me dancing. I've never been dancing in Asheville as my husband hates it. We ended up going to Club Hairspray since I'd always seen it but never been inside. We went inside and it was exciting from the first step in. While this club is very much a gay and lesbian club it's also a Asheville club and very accepting and welcoming to everybody. I felt very comfortable. Tuesday is dance night and DJ Andy was doing an amazing job mixing together many decades of fun dance music. I was having a blast dancing around my pilot. What I didn't realize was this was also a Strip Tease Night. While nudity wasn't allowed, table dances and grinding were highly encouraged. The mini competition took place in which a row of chairs were set up and contestant couples were positioned on the chairs. The music started and the table dancing began. Before I knew it I was rubbing my bare pussy all over my pilot friend's leg and really getting myself off. The lesbian couple next to me were going wild watching as my pilot friend was squeezing my boobs and also reaching behind to grab my large white ass. I soon found the long haired lesbians in a combined table dance behind me grinding to the music and even reaching under my dress to feel my ass and times even my soaking pussy from my legs being open. What started as a fun event quickly turned in to a very public display of groping and grinding. The contest ended way too soon and we found ourselves been cheered on by the group of other contestants and others dancing around. Even the DJ made comment that perhaps a room was in order before things got too hot.
We stayed for a bit longer and chatted with folks around us but soon it was getting late and I needed a good fucking. So we started walking back to the car and I found myself quickly being dragged back behind Club Hairspray by my now forceful pilot friend. It seems he couldn't wait and told me he wanted his cock sucked badly. I answered back that I wanted to suck him badly too. To that he pulled out his long beautiful cock and pushed me down for some much needed fun. I licked my hand and began working his cock as I lifted it and licked his big balls. Half my face felt like it was being covered by his ball sack and it felt wonderful and warm. I continued to keep my hand wet with spit as I made long firm strokes up and down his hard shaft. All the while bathing his wonderful balls with my lips and tongue. I eventually needed him in my mouth and took a deep breath, relaxed my throat and eased his full shaft down my throat. It felt amazing and so large. I could literally feel the swollen tip of his cock deep down my throat as I took him into my mouth time after time. I had him on fire with this and began to stroke and work the head of his cock with my tongue. His cock felt like it was 100 degrees in my mouth and I took pleasure in swirling my tongue around the bulb of his nicely circumcised cock. I was in cock heaven. I had him going so much that the animal in him came out and he pulled me up turned me around, had me grab a near by fence and soon plunged the pull force of his cock deep into my pussy. He was really going at it. My head was spinning. I couldn't help but think this was a Literotica moment and I once again was getting the fucking of a lifetime. I loved it!
He was fucking me so hard and with suck vigor that you could hear the echoes of him slamming into my ass against the near by Federal Building. The speed and force as well as the sensation of my pussy spread so wide from his big cock as it ripped against my clit, I exploded. I couldn't help but scream out as an intense orgasm ripped through me making my body quake for the longest time. I eventually calmed down but heard him tell me he wasn't done fucking me. I couldn't help but smile as the pounding started back up. I must have startled one of Asheville's many vagrants walking by because I heard someone close by ask if I was ok and then realize I was more then ok.
I soon felt my pilot friend pull the top of my dress back and heard him say, "Let's get those big fucking nips out."
Soon my tits were exposed and flying with the slapping force of a huge cock walloping me and displaying me like a complete slut for our now our audience of one.
I could hear out spectator saying, "Nice."
"Fuck her dude."
"Damn man, you're fucking the shit out of her."
I was now in fucking heaven. My friend must have motioned him over because I soon felt another hand on my nipples, pulling them down hard and pinching them. The bi-standard had now become an active participant. He was fully cupping my tits and playing hard with my nipples. He made mention of how big my nipples were.
I thought I was going cum again when it got pretty crazy and my pilot friend told my now newest friend to take his cock out for me to suck on. I was so drunk, horny and loving the sensation of this amazing fuck that I didn't object at all. I grab the fence tighter and soon found my self with a mouthful of a nice cock, although a bit un-showered and musky, I still loved it. I didn't care who it was, the sensation was wild. The two of them in such a nice steady rhythm. My nipples being well milked and full of two cocks. Oh my God I exploded out of no where and soon did my two fuck buddies. The sensation of a giant cock exploding and pumping cum deep inside me while a nice hard cock began shooting long streams of warm thick cum all over my face and mouth. It was amazing. It was pure fucking bliss. I loved every second of it.
Once I could stand upright I did and was quickly surprised by what I now saw was a much older man leaning over and into me to take a long caressing suck on my tit. I smiled at my pilot friend as I tried to wipe the thick gobs of cum off of my covered face. It was so surreal but I couldn't help but feel so happy and satisfied from the experience.
With that we said good bye to our new friend (he couldn't stop smiling) and walked back to the car. I was a bit embarrassed as a large stream if cum came flowing down my leg. I was a cum covered mess. We drove back home. I got a kiss on the hand from my pilot friend before he wished me a good night and walked down the outside steps to his apartment. I spoke out, same time next week?
"I wouldn't miss it you Slutty Mommy," he said.
"You have a story now that I want to read."
I loved it. I hope you did too.
Kisses, Jen