[All characters are 18 years or older.]


Anniversary Fling - Part-4


A sexy wife gets a free pass as an anniversary gift


Erotic Fiction


by


Casey Bea


Part-5


Jill takes her final slut-wife exam

(A short recap from part-4)
"I've taken the liberty of setting up a little fantasy scenario to test your willingness to support your husband in any way that you can," Sandy went on. "We'll call it your final exam before earning your slut-wife master's degree."
"What kind of scenario?" Jill asked as her pussy tingled.
"Jay has an annual review coming up at work, and you decide to go in and see if you can influence his boss to give him a big raise," Sandy explained. "The resort is used to accommodating fantasy requests so I've arranged an office setting and someone from the resort staff to play your hubby's boss."
"Not you two?" Jill replied. She knew that she would be more comfortable, more relaxed with Sandy and Reed, but the thought of engaging in Sandy's final-exam fantasy with a perfect stranger made her pussy leak. She was really getting into this slut-wife stuff!
"We'll be watching," Sandy answered. "And grading you," she added with a chuckle. "In fact, anyone at the resort who cares to cough up the pay-per-view charge will be watching you. Doing fantasies like this with the help of the staff isn't part of the regular package, but if the participants are willing to have their fantasy broadcast over the resort's closed-circuit system, then the resort will waive the fee. Are you willing?"
Over the past day and a half, Jill had gone from being embarrassed to show her privates in public to being comfortable with strangers watching her give a blowjob to being a full-fledged exhibitionist and getting more aroused with the more people who were watching. It made her pussy buzz when a woman stopped by at the pool, and told her, "My boyfriend and I were outside your bungalow earlier and watched you fuck your friend's ass, then get yours fucked. Both of us jerked off and we're getting a strap-on for later on so I can fuck his ass tonight. Thank you for the great show!"
"Hell, yes, I'm willing!" Jill answered Sandy.
(Part-5)
Sandy sorted through the clothes that Jill had brought with her and had her dress the part of a loving, supportive wife wearing slacks and a v-neck pullover blouse. Jill was a little surprised at her mentor's choice of conservative clothing; after all, shewaspretending to be going to her husband's workplace to use her slut training to get him a raise.
Sandy gave her a tight hug and a warm kiss before sending her on her way. "Good luck!" she said. She crooked her thumb toward the big-screen TV and added, "We'll be watching; make us proud! And make everyone else who's watching horny!"
Jill walked to the resort's administration building and as Sandy had instructed her, she told the curvy black woman at the reception desk, "Hi, I'm Jill Smith. I have an appointment with Mr. Holden."
The woman pressed a button on her intercom, and said, "Mrs. Smith is here for you."
"Ah, yes," a male voice replied. "Show her in please."
The woman stood up and Jill saw that her curviness continued below her chest. She had a narrow waist and wore a tight, short skirt that hugged her bubble butt and her thighs. Jill wished thatshewas playing the part of her husband's boss!
"Hello, Jill," Mr. Holden said as she entered his office and he came around from behind his desk. "Come in, come in."
Jill was a little surprised that the room appeared to be an actual working office, not a set to act out a fantasy. Then she noticed what looked like security cameras in the corners near the ceiling and it made perfect sense to her that the resort would use their existing facilities to do double-duty.
In fact, there were eight cameras around the office, some less obvious than others but all being monitored and controlled by a video technician in another room. He could zoom, tilt, and pan any of the cameras and switch their feeds to the closed-circuit pay-per-view system throughout the resort producing a live-action porn movie on the fly. It was also being recorded for Jill to take with her.
Mr. Holden offered Jill a seat in an upholstered guest chair, and as she sat, he said, "It's nice to see you again, Jill. You might remember that we met at the Christmas party last year. That gown you were wearing was stunning!"
Jill was surprised atMr. Holden'slevel of acting. She hoped that she could do as well.
"Thank you!" she replied. "That was a fun evening. I enjoyed dancing with you."
He smiled at her ability to ad-lib, and asked, "So, what is it that brings you here today?"
"Well, Mr. Holden..."
"Call me Ron," he interrupted her. "Please."
"Well, Ron, my husband, Jay, has a review coming up, and I thought that... well, maybe if I dropped by and talked to you in private that... well, maybe I could ensure that he got the big raise that he deserves."
"I see," he said he said as he moved to lean against his desk directly in front of her. "I've always been a believer in direct negotiations, but you realize, of course, that actions speak far louder than words."
She leaned forward in her chair, took hold of his fly, and slowly pulled it down as she replied, "You mean actions like this?"
"Exactly!" he replied.
He wore pleated-front dress slacks and no underwear so it was easy for Jill to reach in and take hold of his dick. She was surprised that it was completely flaccid while her pussy was tingling and wet at the prospect of what she was about to do with a total stranger. That was certainly a blow to her ego. As a fantasy-fulfilling actor with the resort perhaps he had had so many gorgeous and buxom women that her mousy, plane-Pattye looks and petite figure didn't arouse him.Well, screw that!she said to herself, confident that her newly-acquired talents would more than make up for her small boobs and taking it as a challenge.
She used both hands to work his flexible penis and his testicles out through his fly, and then as she gently massaged his balls she took his pecker in her mouth all the way down to its root and pushed it around with her tongue. She liked the playful feel of a squishy, flaccid dick in her mouth but with Jay, it had always comeafterhaving sex; she had never had to do anything more than give him a sexy smile to gethimhard. Despite the slap to her ego, she was finding this challenge to be fun.
With her lips tightened snuggly around his shaven root, she drew a hard suction and then pulled back, sliding her lips along his squishy shaft while she tickled his knob with her tongue. She withdrew until her lips were locked around his dick's neck and she had his pecker pulled out straight. Almost immediately, the unimpressive penis began to inflate, and in a matter of seconds it was a very respectable full-fledged cock. It was a wonderful stroke to her ego, but she wasn't done yet.
She swirled her tongue over his cock-head making sure it was wet and slippery, and then with a snug grip on his balls, she leaned forward and shoved his cock down her throat in one push. She nuzzled her lips against his root and then stuck out her tongue and licked his balls as she pushed them up.
"Holy shit!" he groaned, and Jill was quite sure it wasn't acting.Thatwas what her ego was looking for!
She pulled back until his glistening knob was just touching her lips, flicked its pee-hole with her tongue, and then drove forward giving him another deep-throat. This time he groaned and put his hand on the back of her head, forcing her face into his open fly and holding her there. "Well, well, Mrs. Smith," he said as he rocked his hips getting another half-inch of his cock down her throat, "you certainly are a devoted wife, aren't you? Jay is a very lucky man." He let go of her head, and added, "Please continue with your negotiations on his behalf."
As she fondled his balls she began giving him a sucking, bobbing blowjob interspersed with slippery jerk-offs lubricated with her throat-slime. His moans and groans were very rewarding and had her pussy humming and leaking to the point where she was about to suggest that he fuck her.
But just before she spoke, he reached back and picked up his phone from the desk. With one hand on her head, he kept her bobbing up and down his cock while he spoke into the phone.
"Hi, Patty. Hey, I'm in the middle of negotiating a raise for Jay Smith, and it occurs to me that somebody from HR should be in on this, too. Do you have time to step in here and join us?"
As Ron pulled on her head, spearing his cock down her throat again, Jill suddenly recalled the nameplate on the desk of the curvy black woman who had shown her in. It readPatty Moore, HR Director. Her pussy began tingling so much that she wanted to reach between her legs and rub it through her pants but she forced herself to resist.
Ron listened at the phone for a moment, and then replied, "You're right. His supervisor and his shift manager should probably be involved, too. See if they're available to join us."
Jill let out a moan around the boner that was filling her throat. She had fully expected that this fantasy that Sandy had concocted was going to be only with her "husband's boss." The thought ofnegotiating his raisewith four people--at least one of whom was another woman--lit her pussy on fire.
A few moments later, Patty walked into the office and stood next to Ron as he bobbed Jill's mouth up and down his dick. He pulled her all the way in for a full-depth throat-fuck, and Patty said, "My, my! Jay's little wifey appears to be quite the negotiator."
With her lips pressed inside Ron's fly, Jill rotated her eyes toward Patty as best she could and could see that she was unbuttoning her blouse. When Ron pulled her head back, leaving just his dick-head in her mouth, she was able to get a better look and watched as the HR Director pulled open her blouse to reveal a set of big, black boobs supported by a shelf-bra that left their massive nipples fully exposed.
Patty's skin color was dark, but her nipples were almost jet-black. They were at least two inches in diameter and had swollen nubs protruding that were at least the size of Jill's little finger down to the first knuckle... maybe even her ring finger!
Jill sucked and tongued Ron's knob as she watched Patty reach behind herself and pull down the zipper of her tight skirt. She swiveled her wide hips and she pushed it down to reveal that she wasn't wearing any underwear and that she had a dense patch of tightly curled black hair covering her pussy-mound. As she lifted her skirt with the toe of one high-heeled foot and began to fold it, she said, "I wonder if wifey is as good at negotiating with a cunt as she seems to be with a cock."
Jill found the term "wifey" to be slightly demeaning, and being talked about in foul language in the third-person like she wasn't there added to it. The subservient feeling made her pussy leak!
Patty reached down and put both hands on the sides of Jill's head, popped her mouth off of Ron's knob, and then pulled her to her feet and kissed her hard.
As she returned the kiss, licking and sucking on Patty's wide, full lips, she raised her hands to caress her big nearly-naked tits. She traced her fingers across the smooth flesh and then drew them together over the massive nipples. She played with the fat nubs, pinching them lightly and rubbing her thumbs across the tips.
Patty broke their kiss after a long, hard suck on Jill's tongue, and then moved her head down to her left nipple. "Let's see if you can suck a tit like you suck cock!" she said.
Jill opened her mouth to engulf the whole nipple and as she pulled a light suction she ran her tongue in a circle over its coarse surface. Every wrinkle and every little bump that the tip of her tongue encountered made Jill's pussy tingle even more. She swirled her tongue around the big protruding nub and then as she flicked its tip with the point of her tongue she increased her suction as much as she could, pulling the black cone of flesh into her mouth.
Patty moaned and said, "Oh, fuck yeah; wifey knows how to handle a tit!" As Jill sucked and swirled, and even lightly bit, Patty held her head and gently ran her fingers through her hair.
With her mouth firmly attached to a fat black nipple and as she listened to the woman's contented hums, Jill wanted to shove her hand into her pants and finger her pussy to an orgasm--which she was sure would have taken all of ten seconds. But again she managed to resist. Earlier, she had hoped to orgasm around Ron's fat cock as he fucked her, but now she was imagining cumming while this curvaceous black woman sucked and tongued her cunt. Envisioning both of those scenarios she was going to be lucky if she didn't blow her orgasm into her pants!
Patty moved Jill's head to her other tit, and as she latched on, Ron moved around behind her and lifted her blouse to expose her own braless tits. He cupped them and squeezed them, bulging her already swollen nipples, and then slid his fingers and thumbs out until he was pinching her nubs and stretching her tits. He pushed his body closer to hers and when she felt his boner nuzzle into the crack of her ass it was more than she could take and her pussy erupted. She groaned and her whole body shuddered and she sucked even harder on Patty's tit.
Recognizing the signs, Patty held Jill's face mashed against her big tit with one hand while she reached down and cupped her other hand into Jill's crotch. She pushed hard and rubbed her palm up and down.
The rough treatment and having her pants and panties ground into her erupting pussy made the second wave of her orgasm even harder and her legs shook while she moaned loudly around the tit that filled her mouth.
Suddenly, Patty removed her hand from Jill's crotch, pulled her mouth from her tit, and Ron let go of her tits and backed away from her. She stood there with her pants soaked with her own cum and her tits exposed below her pulled-up shirt and wondered if that was it. Was the fantasy concluded once she had an orgasm? If she'd known that, she'd have made sure she got fucked first. But then Patty relieved her concerns.
"Take her pants off," she said to Ron. "I think her hubby's raise is a sure thing; now we just need to see how big it is." As Ron pulled her pants and panties down, Patty pulled her top off over her head. As she stepped out of her pants she caught a glimpse of Ron and saw that he had stripped off his clothes while she had been sucking Patty's tits.
Patty took her face between her hands and kissed her with her big luscious lips and then said, "Have you ever eaten a black pussy before, sweet-thing?"
"Uh, uh," Jill answered with a shake of her head. "But... but if it will help with Jay's raise, I'm... I'm willing to." In fact, she wasdyingto! But she was having fun playing the meek wife being forced to be a sexual plaything to help her hubby get ahead.
Patty pushed a few things aside on Ron's desk then sat her naked ass near the edge and spread her legs. "Bend over and let's see if Jay's loving wifey is as good at eating cunt as she is at sucking cock." She then leaned back, resting on her elbows, giving Jill full access to her pussy.
As she had learned with Sandy, Jill wanted to appreciate Patty's pussy with her eyes before experiencing it with her mouth. It was so unlike Sandy's and she loved the differences!
The brown of Patty's skin became nearly as black as her nipples in the wide V that framed her pussy-mound. The lips of her pussy were full and appeared soft as they closed lightly against the dark, wavy flesh of her labia. The lips were clean-shaven up over the pronounced divot where her clit would be hiding, but then became a tangled nest of tightly curled, jet-black hair.
Jill first put her face into that nest of coarse hair and nuzzled into it, enjoying its scratchiness against her lips, her nose, and even her cheeks. She then slowly moved down, searching out Patty's clit-divot with her tongue. She found it but she didn't poke into it. Instead, she traced its teardrop shape with the tip of her tongue and then continued moving, lightly touching Patty's exposed labia all the way down.
Patty let out a little hum that told Jill that she was enjoying the tease. She didn't think it was acting, and it boosted Jill's self-confidence to think that she was able to please and excite this experienced woman.
She lifted her face and reached up with both hands to caress the dark bulge of Patty's vulva before gently pulling the lips apart. The moist, bright pink of Patty's inner pussy lips surprised Jill a little bit. Against the contrast of her nearly-black outer lips, her cunt seemed far more pink than Sandy's was. That somehow made it all the more exotic and erotic, and it made Jill's pussy leak.
Jill moved her fingers up and spread Patty's lips enough so that she could see her clit. Again, the contrast fascinated her. Its hood was nearly as black as her outer lips, but her clit itself was rosy pink.
When she bent down and flicked its glistening little head with the tip of her tongue, Patty groaned, "Okay, you fucking little tease! Get in there and eat my cunt!" She pushed on the back of her head, mashing Jill's face into her gash, and spread her legs even wider.
Jill chuckled to herself that she had been able to push thisproover the edge, and dutifully stuck her tongue out, sinking it deep into the pink cunt-hole she had just been looking at. Patty held her head tightly and used her face like a sex toy, rubbing it up and down through her slit, bobbing her head to get a tongue-fuck, and using Jill's nose to grind into her clit. Jill's whole face was smeared with cunt-juice and she loved it! In fact, she was so focused on the wonderful taste and warm, wet feel of Patty's cunt in her face that she had forgotten about Ron until he laid his boner into her ass-crack.
With her face spreading Patty's pussy wide open and her tongue shoved as deep into her cunt-hole as she could get it, Jill moaned, "Mmm!" and wiggled her ass in what she hoped was an inviting gesture.
Holding Jill's hips, Ron humped her ass-crack a few times, and then, holding his stiff dick with one hand, he backed away while pressing his drooling knob into the crack. He nuzzled his cock-head against her tight little asshole, but he didn't try to push it in. The outline that he'd gotten on the fantasy (which Sandy had written) said that Jill "would be receptive to anal sex," but he knew it would be better for her to save that until a little later.
He continued dragging his cock-head across her taint and then slid it up and down through her drenched pussy-lips. He lined up and leaned in, popping his fat knob into her cunt, but going no deeper. With his fist around his hard cock he squashed his cock-head around in her cunt-hole entrance, stimulating the million nerve endings that were concentrated there. She moaned, "Oh, shit!" deep into Patty's pussy and widened her stance enjoying his pre-fuck of her cunt.
With both hands back on her hips, he pushed another couple of inches into her cunt and then pulled back until his knob was spreading her pussy-lips. He then rocked forward and buried an additional inch or two before withdrawing. It wasn't until his fourth push that he had his entire cock stuffed up Jill's cunt. He then began long, slow fucks.
Jill felt her orgasm building and she wanted to bring Patty off at the same time. She reached up and pushed two fingers deep into the woman's cunt and began aggressively licking and sucking on her clit. Half a minute later, she got her wish as Patty let out a deep growl and her pussy erupted. Jill quickly moved her face so she could replace her fingers with her tongue in Patty's cunt-hole, and she sucked and swallowed as much of the hot pussy-juice as she could.
The gushing cunt in her face, the taste of hot girl-cum, Patty's moans, and the cock fucking in and out of her own cunt quickly triggered Jill's orgasm. But just as she started to erupt, she felt the cock disappear. A moment later, though, it was replaced by Ron's face being pressed into her snatch. He sealed his lips against her pussy lips and sucked hard as he poked and wiggled his tongue around. As her cunt contracted and pumped a long wave of pussy-juice into his mouth he reached up and ground his thumb against her clit, triggering a second wave.
Both women were coming down off the peaks of their orgasms when the office door opened and two men walked in.
Lifting Jill's drenched face from her pussy, Patty said, "You guys are just in time. This is Jay Smith's wife and she just negotiated a nice raise for her hubby. I'll bet she's ready to negotiate apromotionfor him, too."
Patty slid her soaked ass off the desk, stood, and took Jill into her arms. She kissed her pussy-flavored lips and kneaded the globes of her ass while the two new men took their clothes off.
Greg was a tall, handsome black man with a muscular chest, a tight, round ass, and an impressive cock. It wasn't hard at the moment, but its length and thickness, even semi-soft, told Jill that it was going to be the classicBig Black Cock. She noticed, too, that it was uncircumcised. She had always been curious about uncut cocks and her just-fucked pussy tingled as she thought about playing with it, stretching the foreskin back and forth over the fat knob that it hid, and even wiggling her tongue into the wrinkled little tube of flesh.
Hank was a kind of skinny white guy with tousled blond hair and a deep tan except where his shorts had preserved the whiteness of his narrow hips, small ass, and the upper few inches of his legs. His dick was fully erect and stood straight out from his tangled bush of blond pubic hair. It was probably about the size of her fiancé's
A few moments later, Jill was on her knees in the middle of the room and the three men were standing around her. She took Greg's soon-to-be BBC in both hands and slid its sheath of skin back and forth, first enveloping his pronounced cock-head and then pulling it back to watch the wrinkled little wormhole stretch almost unbelievably to expose the shiny purple knob within.
With his skin pulled forward she took his cock in her mouth and played with the fleshy tube with her tongue. She found that she could, in fact, wiggle it inside and poke his pee-hole. She then stretched the skin back and swirled her tongue over his cock-head as it became exposed inside her mouth. All the while, the once-flexible shaft in her hand was growing and stiffening and she was soon bobbing up and back, giving her first BBC blowjob.
She was wondering if the fat black cock would physically fit in her throat when her thoughts were interrupted by getting her head pulled back and off of Greg's BBC.
Hank turned her to face him and rubbed his wet cock-head across her lips. She pursed them in a kiss against his knob and he pushed forward shoving his cock into her mouth. He then held her head and began fucking her mouth with short, quick strokes.
As she sucked and tongued the jabbing cock, Jill looked up and saw Patty aiming a little hand-held camera at her face. It was only then that Jill remembered that all of this was being streamed live to whoever at the resort wanted to pay to watch live porn. The thought of maybe dozens of horny people watching her suck cock made her pussy drool.
She decided to give them what they paid for. She reached up and grabbed Hank's little white ass then pulled him forward as she leaned in and speared his cock down her throat until her lips were nuzzled into his pubes. She stuck out her tongue to tickle his root and she shook her head as he moaned, "Oh, fuck, yes!"

***

Sitting in their bungalow watching the show on the TV, Reed was playing with Sandy's pussy while she gently stroked his cock. Whoever was in the control room was doing a remarkable job of switching between cameras and zooming and panning to pick up the best angles of the action. With the close-up on Jill's face as she stuffed the blond guy's cock down her throat, Reed said, "Your protégé has become quite the cock-sucker! You should be proud of your work."
Sandy laughed, and said, "Maybe I could open a school for wanna-be porn stars."

***

Jill felt a pair of hands take hold of her head and after bobbing her mouth a few inches up and down Hank's cock she was pulled off and turned to face Ron's slightly-larger boner. She realized the hands were Greg's when he said, "Let's see if Jay's devoted wifey can throatallof us. Let's see how much she wants that promotion for her hubby."
He pushed her head forward and drove Ron's cock down her throat in one shot. Having already taken his dick down her throat, she had no problem with it, but as Greg held her mouth nuzzled against his pubes, she once again wondered about being able to take his black monster into her throat. Shewantedto--she saw it as a challenge to her new slut-wife persona--she just wasn't sure it would physically fit.
Greg pulled her head back and gave Ron's dick a few shorter blow-job bobs with her throat-slime running down her chin. The other guys parted to allow Patty to get in with her camera to capture the lewd action close-up.
Greg then pulled her mouth off of Ron's cock and all three men shifted positions so that Greg was now standing in front of Jill with his uncut BBC inches from her face. Its foreskin was drawn back so half of his shiny knob was peeking out. Jill found the sight to be arousing as hell!
He took her head in his big hands again, and flexing his stomach muscles, he got his cock to rise up level with her mouth. She opened wide and he stepped forward, sticking his hooded knob in her mouth.
"Suck on that wifey!" he told her. "Get my dick-head all slimy and ready to swallow if you want hubby to get that promotion!"
She eagerly closed her lips and swirled her tongue over the big plum while she pulled a hard suction. As she swirled, she felt his foreskin draw back until his knob was completely naked in her mouth. She thought he had been fully erect when he put his dick in her mouth; had he just grown another inch? Jesus! Her deep-throating confidence was becoming shaky.
But Greg knew what he was doing. Not only was he a professional sex partner here at the resort, he was bisexual and had taken cocks the size of his own down his throat, so he knew exactly what Jill would be experiencing.
The tightening of his fingers on her head told her that he was about to pull her forward on his enormous cock and she instinctively tensed up. He felt her not-unusual reaction and rather than continuing, he held her head still and rocked his hips a few inches giving her a mouth-fuck. "Relax, sweetie," he told her. "We all know what a slut-wife you are, coming in here to suck strangers' cocks and eat cunt to get your hubby ahead. And we know you can take a hard dick down your pretty throat. Are you nervous because this is the firstbig black cockyou've had in your mouth? Is that your problem, sweetie?"
With her mouth open around the fat boner, she tried to answer in the affirmative, but all that came out of her throat was "ess."
At the exact moment that she was exhaling her answer and therefore had her throat relaxed, he pulled her head and rocked his hips jabbing his squishy knob and the first couple inches of his boner into her throat.
Her eyes went wide in surprise and were caught perfectly by Patty's camera.
Past her gag reflex, Greg held her head and his dick still to let her get used to the stretch. She wasn't in panic mode or trying to pull away, and that impressed him. He held her impaled for only five seconds or so and then quickly pulled out, leaving her panting with an open mouth. "See, sweetie? Nothing to be afraid of," he said to her as his dick bobbed in front of her face, still connected to her lips by a web of thick slime. "You're a better cock-swallower than you thought you were!"
With her breath and her nerves under control, she reached up, grabbed his firm, black ass, and plunged herself back onto his glistening cock. His fat knob easily drove past her gag-spot and down her throat deeper than any of the other cocks she'd throated.
She had about two-thirds of his black monster inside her mouth and gullet when she experienced some secondary resistance in her throat. It wasn't another gag-spot, but some unexpected tightening. She had seen porn videos of women deep-throating BBCs as large and long as Greg's all the way, so she knew it was humanly possible and she was determined that if they could do it, so could she.
She pulled harder on his ass and maneuvered her body to create more of a straight line and his knob pushed past whatever the restriction was. She drove her face forward until her lips were being scratched by the stubble of his trimmed-but-not-shaven pubes.
"Holy fuck, sweetie!" Greg groaned as he put his big hands on the back of her head and mashed her face into his belly driving another inch of cock towardherbelly. "There ain't many women that can dothat!" And he wasn't exaggerating for the sake of the fantasy. With all of the many mouths he had stuck his cock in, he could count on one hand the number of women who had taken all of it down their throats. And there had only ever been one guy who could do it.

***

In their bungalow, Sandy and Reed watched in close-up as Jill pulled herself onto the black actor's BBC. Her eyes were wide and watering as the monster disappeared, and then suddenly she paused with three or four inches yet to go.
"Damn!" Reed said as his wife pulled on his pre-cum-slick boner. "I thought she was going to take it all, the way she drove onto it there."
Sandy noticed a change in Jill's expression. She seemed to go from apparent surprise that she was able to get such a fat cock down her throat to a look of determination. "Hold that thought, sweetheart," Sandy said. "I don't think she's done yet."
They watched as Jill wiggled around a bit and then pushed forward until the rest of the fat black cock was gone. "Holy shit! She did it!" Reed said as the guy pulled on Jill's head to feed her another inch. "Jesus! Haveyouever swallowed a cock that big?" he asked his wife as he ground his fingers around in her drenched pussy.
"Notthatbig," she answered. "But our week here ain't over yet. I can't let my understudy show me up, can I?"

***

In the "office," Jill felt a hand slide between her legs from behind and grab her soaked pussy. A moment later a finger went up her cunt. The hand then lifted her from her kneeling position to her feet.
As she came up, Greg held her fully impaled on his cock so she was now bent at the waist with a fat cock down her throat and a finger up her cunt. She had never felt more debased and used in her life and she was astounded by how much she liked it! The hand then left her pussy and a second later, she felt a wet-fingered slap on her naked ass.
She gurgled what would have been a surprised yelp around Greg's boner, and then heard Patty say, "One of you boys needs to shove a cock up this end of little wifey and get a spit-roast going!"
Having held her breath for as long as she could, Jill pushed on Greg's legs and he let her slide back off of her dick. He cupped his hand under her throat and stroked it with his fingers as his boner slid out. When the bulge of his knob appeared under his fingers he held her head and pushed it back quickly. Some customers who had taken his BBC into their throat forgot to pull off quickly and ended up unpleasantly gagging at the very end, diminishing an otherwise epic cock-suck.
With spittle and slime running down her chin, Jill gulped several lungfuls of air as she felt a cock-head being rubbed into her pussy-lips. Without looking she could tell from its size that it was Ron.
With her breathing under control, she readied herself to be penetrated from both ends at once and opened her mouth. Greg put his sloppy knob to her lips but before the two men pushed forward, she felt a wet finger rubbing her asshole.
"One, two, three!" Patty counted and all three men entered her at once. Greg's fat black cock stuffed her throat again, Ron's boner spread her pussy-lips and filled her cunt, and Hank's finger slid up her ass until his fist was mashed into her crack. With hands on her hips and head, Ron and Greg began pulling and pushing her back and forth, fucking her from both ends. Hank fucked his finger in and out of her ass and after several deep and twisting pokes, he leaned down, spit on her slightly-stretched pucker, and added a second finger.
As she was pushed back and forth with stiff cocks and fingers going in and out of every hole she had she felt like such a total slut and she loved it more than she could ever have imagined!
Patty moved around the group with her camera, getting close-ups of all of Jill's holes being penetrated, and then said, "Why don't we take this over to the couch? My pussy feels like it's being left out."
A few moments later, Greg was sitting on the couch and Jill lowered her soaked pussy onto his enormous cock in a cowgirl position while she was facing Patty who had taken a seat on the top of the couch's back.
Patty held Jill's face between her hands and looked her in the eyes as she slowly settled down over Greg's boner. "That big black cock feels good stuffing your little white cunt doesn't it?" she said.
"Mmm!" Jill replied. With about two-thirds of his dick inside her, Suddenly, Jill's whole body jolted, her eyes went wide, and she abruptly stopped going down.
"Poked your cervix, didn't he?" Patty said as she gently stroked Jill's face. "Bet you've never had a cock that deep in your cunt before, have you?"
"Uh uh," Jill answered as she held perfectly still with Greg's fat, squishy knob still touching but not poking the end of her uterus.
"You want it all? You want to take all of that big black cock up your cunt?" Patty asked her in an almost challenging tone. "You think you're woman enough for that? 'Cause I can help you if you ask nicely."
"Oh, God, yes!" Jill answered. "Please! How do I get this fucking monster all the way up my cunt?" Jill had seen porn videos of normal-size women taking every inch of impossibly-long cocks up their cunts, so--as she had with deep-throating his BBC--she knew it was humanly possible. Until now, thought, she'd never had a partner who made getting past her cervix necessary.
"Rotate your hips and pull your cute little ass in a little farther," Patty told her as she lifted her face to get her body more upright atop Greg's cock.
Well-versed in giving women their first experience with really deep penetration, Greg held onto Jill's hips and moved his own so that his dick was angled toward the back wall of Jill's cunt. He then wiggled a little bit so his cock-head was moving inside her, and pulled her down gently. His squishy knob deformed and slid behind her cervix and deeper into her vagina than anything had ever been before.
She sucked in a huge breath, her eyes went wide, and her mouth hung open. The sensation was an intense, swirling kaleidoscope of pain-pleasure-fullness-and-stimulation beyond anything she'd ever experienced.
He pulled her down until his cock simply couldn't go any deeper inside her body. With an inch or so still remaining, he pulled his balls up and as he rubbed them against her ass, Patty said, "Well, look at you! Your little white cuntcantake a whole BBC! Congratulations! That promotion for your hubby is looking better all the time!"
As Greg mashed his balls against her ass he rocked his hips and humped a tiny bit to tip-fuck the outside of Jill's cervix, and it caused her cunt to explode in a deeper, more full-body orgasm than she'd ever had. It seemed like every nerve ending in her abdomen from her bellybutton to her pussy lips lit up to get in on the excitement.
Patty pulled hard on Jill's perky little nipples to intensify her orgasm and then leaned in and kissed her hard as her pussy gushed around Greg's cock.
Greg knew from experience that a woman could only take so much cervix rubbing, so after a few tight cunt spasms around his cock, he lifted her up a couple of inches to get his knob away from herc-spotbut stayed deep inside her and began fucking up into cunt.
As Greg fucked her, Patty took her head in her hands and bent her over to guide her head between her widely-spread legs as she sat atop the back of the couch. She rubbed Jill's face all over her drenched pussy and then pulled her mouth into position over her cunt-hole, and told her, "Eat my cunt, sweetie! The boys can't have all the fun here! You'll need my signature on those papers, too!"
Jill eagerly stuck out her tongue and began licking and sucking as Greg held her hips still while he rocked his own, bouncing up and down on the cushions and fucking up into her cunt.
A few moments later, with her cunt full of big black cock and her face mashed into a hot black cunt, she recognized the coolness of lube being dribbled onto her exposed asshole. A little shiver ran through her at the anticipation of having both her cunt and ass filled with cocks at the same time.
Hank moved in behind her and rubbed his cock-head against her slippery sphincter. Having recently had two fingers twisting in her little asshole he knew she should be able to take his slightly-larger cock without any trouble.
He leaned in and his knob stretched her pucker and popped inside. Greg held his own boner still for a moment while Hank pushed his cock up Jill's ass, rubbing his dick along his friend's embedded erection, separated only by a few layers of tissue.
"Oh, my God!" Jill moaned into Patty's cunt. She had never felt so full in her life! She had also never felt like such a complete slut, but she loved both feelings.
While Greg resumed slow fucks in and out of her cunt, Hank began fucking her ass. Sometimes the two cocks were crammed inside her together and other times they crossed paths, one going in while the other was going out.
Then, suddenly, Hank's dick popped out of her asshole but didn't get pushed right back in. A moment later, she understood why as Ron replaced Hank and nudged his fatter cock-head against her sphincter. He popped his knob into her and tip-fucked her a few times before leaning in to shove his cock up her ass. The added stretch and the increased fullness made Jill growl a guttural, "Holy fuck!" into Patty's pussy.
Caressing Jill's head, Patty chuckled, and said, "Wait until they switch places and you feel that BBC get shoved up your little ass if you thinkthat'sholy fuck!"
After a few minutes of DP fucking while Jill lapped and sucked Patty's cunt, Ron said to Jill, "I think your little butt-hole is relaxed enough for us to switch things up and nail down that promotion for your hubby. You ready to take all three of us at once?"
Jill lifted her pussy-soaked face and groaned, "Oh fuck, yes!"
Moments later, Jill was lowering her cunt down onto Ron's cock in a cowgirl position. He fucked up into her, and although she didn't feel as stuffed full as she had with Greg's monster, Ron knew a thing or two about fucking and he quickly had her moaning as he concentrated his movements on her cunt-hole entrance and her g-spot.
Hank stood behind the couch and pulled her head over the back to stick his cock in her mouth. He fucked her lips a few times and then held her tight and shoved his boner into her throat. The two men then began fucking her cunt and mouth with complete withdrawals and long full-length jabs.
Patty had moved around behind Jill and as she held her small camera in one hand capturing and live-streaming Ron's cock as it drove up her cunt, she brought her other hand down across Jill's naked, protruding ass, and said, "That'stwococks, little wifey! You ready to have your tiny little asshole stretched by number three?" She punctuated the question with a slap on the other cheek.
On Hank's next withdrawal, she answered, "Yes! Shove that big black monster up my ass and make me a total fucking slut-wife!"
Greg added a little more lube to Jill's slightly-open pucker and wiped some over his fat knob. He nudged his cock-head against her sphincter and as he applied pressure, she willingly pushed back against it. His knob popped into her asshole with about the same level of stretch as Ron's whole cock had produced. There was still a little burn from the stretch and she liked it. He tip-fucked her tiny rosebud a few times, and shelovedthe stretch-and-relax tease!
On his third poke, she shifted her body and pushed her ass back against his cock. "Come on! Fuck me with that thing!" she demanded. "Give me your fat cock and my hubby's fat promotion!"
Ron withdrew his dick from her cunt to let her focus on her asshole being stretched wide, and Hank removed his boner from her mouth; some women had a tendency to bite down when they got their asshole reamed wide open.
Jill felt Greg put his big hands on her hips and hold her as he gradually applied pressure. When he was tip-fucking her, his big knob compressed and her asshole stretched in probably equal amounts. As his rock-hard cock began to enter her, her sphincter had to do all of the accommodating by stretching more than she would have thought possible. The searing burn of the stretch shot up the pain scale to where she had to bite her lip to keep from screaming and pulling away from him. But at the same time, it felt totally fucking awesome!
When he had about a third of his cock up her ass--its thickest point--he held still to let her get used to the unnatural enlargement. Patty zoomed in close on the ring of flesh, once pink and puckered, now stretched taut and nearly white.
After a few moments, Greg began pushing again and as his cock slid into her, Jill felt the burn lessen ever so slightly as his monster narrowed by tiny fractions. Finally, he pulled her ass against his thighs and had his entire BBC pushed up her ass. The burn coming from her asshole as it gripped his root was back down to about the same as she had experienced with Ron's cock, but the fullness she felt in her guts made her almost forget it.
As Greg held her still, Ron pushed his cock back up her cunt and Hank put his dick back into her mouth. The two both pushed full-depth at the same time, and Patty said with a laugh, "There you go sweet little wifey! You are as stuffed full of hard cocks as is humanly possible! Hubby ought to get promoted to vice-fucking-president for what you're doing for him!"
The three men then began fucking her. Greg went long and slow up her ass while the others varied from short, fast fucks to coordinated full-depth drives that filled her up. Between the physical feeling of hard cocks filling her every hole and the depravity of knowing that dozens of people were watching her get used like a fuck-toy she had at least three orgasms while they jabbed away at her body.
Finally, Ron called out from underneath, "Hey, I'm getting ready to cum! Let's all blow in her pretty face!"
Moments later, Jill was on her knees as they stood around her again and jerked their slippery cocks inches from her face. Ron was the first to squirt his cum across her closed lips and up over one cheek.
Hank was using short, quick strokes just behind his knob to pull his orgasm up, and his first long string went up to her forehead. He then pumped more hot jism across her nose, her other cheek, and onto her chin.
While the other two plastered Jill's face with their cum Greg was slowly sliding his fist up and down his boner from its root to over its fat knob. With his good looks, muscular body, and of course, his BBC, Greg was a very popular fantasy-actor at the resort and rarely went a working-day without blowing at least one load into or onto some guest whether male or female. The day before yesterday had been his day off, and yesterday's client had canceled at the last minute. The result was that he had a bigger-than-usual load of jism built up in his balls for Jill.
He stepped in front of her and switched to short, fast, over-the-knob strokes as his orgasm began to churn. "Open wide, wifey!" he told her. "You're about to taste your hubby's promotion!" He let out a deep growl, held his cock still, and with Patty's camera right there, a long spurt of thick, white cum shot from his pee-hole into Jill's mouth.
Everything about Greg's huge blast of cum surprised her. The force with which it hit the back of her throat; how long it lasted without him pumping his cock; how thick it was; and how hot it was. When it finally trailed off, she closed her lips and swished it around with her tongue before swallowing it. Even the taste surprised her. It was more mellow and less salty than she expected.
Greg went back to jerking off onto Jill's face and pulled several more long, thick squirts from his balls before they became thinner and less powerful.
When he finally stepped back catching his breath, Patty moved her camera back to get a shot of Jill's whole cum-drenched face. She leaned down and gave her a hot, sloppy kiss sharing the splooge that drooled around her mouth. When she pulled away her camera streamed the sight of their two sets of lips still connected by webs of sticky cum.

***

After Jill cleaned up and walked back to Sandy and Reed's, they took her out to dinner to celebrate her "graduation," but she didn't seem as exuberant as Sandy thought she would be. "Are you okay, Jill? Is something wrong?" Sandy asked her.
Jill looked at her and tears started rolling from her eyes. "I'm ruined!" she choked out through sobs. "How can I marry Jay now with what I've done--what I've become?"
"Oh, sweetheart!" Sandy said taking her hand. "Jay knows why you came here; he was here, too, remember? He knew you wanted to become a slut-wife for him; he's going to bethrilledat the things you've learned, trust me."
"Oh, yeah!" Reed chimed in.
"But I haven't become just a slut-wife," Jill sobbed, "I'm atotalslut! I never knew how much I liked sex until now. Sucking all those different cocks and taking them down my throat; getting fucked up the ass by a BBC; kissing girls and eating cunt; and being used as a cheap fuck-toy and getting my face plastered with hot cum while God knows how many people were watching. I loved all of it! It makes my pussy tingle now, just talking about it! I know I won't be able to be faithful to Jay. I know I'm addicted and I'll end up going out and fucking around on him. He doesn't deserve that."
Sandy slid her chair over so she could give Jill a hug and said, "You don't have to fuck aroundonhim, sweetheart; fuck aroundwithhim."
Jill sniffed, and said, "What do mean?"
"Have anopenmarriage," Sandy went on. "I only know firsthand about the things that Jay did with me while he was here--which included fucking my ass and my throat and spit-roasting me in a three-way with Reed--but he was here for another two days after that, so I can only guess at what else he did. He may be having the same thoughts;I love Jill so much, but how am I going to be able to be faithful now that I know what's out there?What I'm saying is that I'll bet there's a pretty good chance that he'd be open to an open marriage."
Jill sniffed and wiped the tears from her cheeks. "Explainopen marriage," she said.
"Well, they come in different varieties," Sandy said. "Some couples simply have different tastes in sex and accept that so they allow each other to have partners that will satisfy those tastes or fetishes. Maybe the husband really likes anal sex but his wife doesn't. Maybe the wife likes being a leather-wearing, whip-wielding dom and her husband just can't get into that. Sometimes it's a don't-ask-don't-tell thing where each goes out for the night, satisfies their craving, and then comes home and has an otherwise normal, loving relationship which usually includes non-kinky love-making sex.
"Another variant," Sandy went on, "and the one that I would think would fit your situation, is to invite other partners--singles, couples, or more--to join you and Jay. It wouldn't need to be an all-the-time thing--maybe birthdays, Valentine's Day, your anniversary, for sure!--and in between you would be faithful and loving with just each other."
Jill took a final sniff and asked, "Is that the kind of relationship that you and Reed have? If it is, it certainly seems to work for you guys."
"It is," she fibbed as she gave her husband a wink. "And I think it makes our love and our trust in one another all the stronger." Although each had had other partners before they were married, their union had been 100% monogamous until they came to Fantasy Kay. They each knew that that was going to change when they got home.

***

When Sandy and Reed were seeing Jill off at the ferry the next morning, several couples and singles recognized her from her live-streamed fantasy and stopped to tell her how gorgeous she was and how hot her show was. It made her blush but made her pussy tingle, too.
"I have one last piece of pre-marital advice if you're interested," Sandy said to Jill as they hugged.
"I don't think you've steered me wrong, yet," she replied with a smile.
"No sex between now and the wedding," Sandy said.
"What?That's almost two months!" Jill said. "Have you forgotten the total, wanton slut that you've made me?"
Sandy chuckled, and said, "Sweetheart, I willneverforgetthat! And thank you for letting me be your mentor, by the way!"
Reed chimed in, "Thanks from me, too! I was happy to be the teacher's aide, trust me!"
"You're both welcome," Jill said with a big smile. She turned to Sandy, and said, "Two months? Seriously?"
"Abstinence makes the heart grow fonder," Sandy said with a little laugh.
"I would frigging explode!" Jill said. "Can I at least masturbate? I'm sure Jay will need to, too."
"Up until one week before the wedding," Sandy went on with her suggestion, "you can each have all the sex you want or need, but only by yourselves and only with your hands. No dildos, no vibrators, no butt plugs. Then, it's total celibacy up to the wedding night. You two will be so horny for each other you'll be pushing your guests out the door at the reception. You think you can do that?"
"Do we get to masturbatewitheach other?" Jill asked. "I mean, we're going to have to talk about what each of us did here, and about your open marriage idea. You can't expect us to notreactto all that!"
Sandy hadn't thought of that but it made obvious sense. "Yes," she replied. "He can jerk off and you can frig your pussy while you talk. But no contact with each other and no cum-swapping. Kissing on thefaciallips is allowed."
Jill laughed, and said, "You are a tough teacher! I'll tell Jay about it and see if I can get him on board." She hugged and kissed both of them, thanked them one more time, and then got on the ferry.
Sandy and Reed waved as the boat pulled away, and Reed said to his wife, "So, are you serious about the open marriage thing you told her we already had?"
"Shit yes!" Sandy said.
"Did you, um, have anyone in mind to invite into our open marriage?" he asked.
"Barb and Joe," she answered without hesitation. "Those two have made me horny since we met them! You don't know how many times I've wanted to pull her bikini bottoms off at our pool and dive between her legs!"
He laughed, and said, "Funny! I've had those same thoughts about her, too! Only now I'm going to have them abouthim, as well!"
As they walked back to their bungalow, hand-in-hand along the water's edge, Sandy said, "So, now the question is how to broach the subject with them. I wouldn't want to send them screaming from the house in horror at the deviant perverts that we are."
Reed squeezed her hand, and said, "Oh, I'm sure you'll think of something. I've seen how your mind works... and I love it!"
Please take a moment to vote and to leave a comment!
You can also send me a personal note, directly to my Literotica email, by clicking the "Send Feedback" tab below. I'd love to hear from you!
Thank you!
Love,
Casey