This is my first submission to Literotica. Though I've been a long-time reader, it's my first attempt to participate on the other side of this site. I am a retired guy in my mid sixties living in SoCal. I tend to look for stories that I can identify with and on occasion, I find some, but I decided it might be interesting to see if there are others like me in the world. Constructive feedback welcome.
-------
After my second divorce years ago, I decided that my sex life would mostly be of the transactional kind. Pay for play. I'm retired now, with plenty of time and money, and just hope I have enough to keep the ladies happy. I'm well dressed, educated, reasonably fit, impeccably groomed, and experienced. There's no shortage of women my age to 'date', and I do from time to time. But I'm more satisfied with the pay-as-I-go system with younger women.
Over the years, I've tried strip clubs, massage parlors, high-end escorts, and even Tijuana's super brothels like Hong Kong. Oh yeah- I've done the Sugar Baby thing too. Maybe we'll explore those episodes someday.
Today was another sunny SoCal day, and now that I am fully vaccinated from Covid, I decided to venture out to see if any of the local strip clubs were open. My first stop was my tried-and-true club of choice. Before the pandemic, it was a sure thing every time. I knew most of the dancers there a year ago, and they used to fawn all over me because I had a well-earned reputation for generosity, and I treated them very respectfully. But walking in there today made me feel like a stranger in a foreign land. It was deadly quiet, with only 2 newish dancers that I had never seen before, and the doorman made it clear that they were playing by the social distancing rules. In other words, no fun to be had there. A quick beer and I was out the door.
Hitting the road, I decided to try another club a few miles away. A few years ago, Club 2 was well known as an extras club, meaning that VIP would result in a blow job, hand job or even a quick fuck with the right dancer. In short, I've enjoyed many special times there over the years.
Walking into Club 2 seemed not much different than Club 1. I could see only 2 dancers and not many customers. I spotted a dancer working on a customer in the corner seat. I sat down a few chairs away and ordered a drink. I committed the strip club sin of perving on the dancer while she engaged another customer, but I couldn't help myself. She was a ringer for a young Penelope Cruz with a slim body, curvy hips, perfect ass and impressive 36D tits. I know, I am objectifying women here, but get over it. I like what I like. So Penelope sat in a red velvet barrel chair facing the customer, The Covid rules prevented her from lap dancing, as I learned later, but she could still be pretty intimate with him.
In my quick glances, I could see her placing his hands on her legs and then her pussy. Hmm, this seems promising! So I patiently waited for them to finish, and as he finally left, she walked by me, and I caught her attention. Asking her to join me, she said that she wanted to go wash up and would be right back. While I waited for her, I moved to the darker and more discreet corner chair. A few minutes later she returned, but this time she was wearing a different outfit. Good idea! She wore a transparent mesh bikini top with her big, pointed nipples poking through. I like. I like! Her bikini bottoms were the absolute smallest imaginable. It was a monofilament string holding a micro bikini bottom in place. It barely covered the top of her pussy, and the puffy sides of her mound were peeking through the sides. I knew we were in business here. Over the years of strip clubbing, I discovered the rule of the bikini: The odds of the dancer providing extras was in the opposite proportion to the size of her outfit. For you non-engineers, that means the smaller the bikini bottom, the more likely extras were on the menu.
Penelope and I got to know each other for a few songs. At $10 per song, this is still the bargain of the pay for play business. She took off her top by song two, and soon thereafter was demonstrating her prowess in licking her own nipples. That's always a crowd pleaser!
She gently grabbed my left hand and led it to her mouth and proceeded to suck my middle finger, wrapping her tongue slowly and sensually around it, soaking it in her mouth, and then finally pushing it down her throat in a sexy display that sent the clear message that she had no gag reflex. Message received. That was my cue that she is open to any extras, but because of the rules, most likely they would be OTC (outside the club). Nevertheless, she then led my wet finger down to her spread pussy. She was scrunched down in her chair facing me, with her legs spread and her ankles up on my shoulders. The micro bikini was gently pulled aside to reveal a perfectly waxed pussy with just the right amount of exposed labia and a prominent clit.
"Rub me", she demands gently, and it is my duty to obey. My finger slowly finds her sweet spot while my thumb massages her protruding clit. She is wet, very wet. I rubbed her slowly yet firmly until she shuddered in a small climax over a few minutes. Remember that this is all happening on the main floor and other dancers and customers are walking by from time to time.
She sits upright and puts her feet on the floor, never stopping to rearrange her bottom cover. Leaning forward she reaches up my legs with her hands, up my shorts, finding my mostly hard cock. Daily Cialis keeps me functioning as needed, and she decided to reward me accordingly. Still seated in her chair, she leans forward so that we were a little more covered as she worked her hands over my cock and balls, removing them only to add some spit as a suitable lubricant.
Then I feel her reaching up for my shorts drawstring and she lowered them a bit to expose junior and she ducked down and swallowed him in full. In public. As much as I like to play, even I was a bit taken back by this, but I decided to give her what I had to offer, and soon enough erupted my load in her hot mouth. It didn't take along. She eagerly swallowed then sat upright and we both started to adjust our clothing as needed.
Ah, Penelope, my jewel in the time of Covid, yes, I will see you again, and again. An exchange of phone numbers and text messages, and I was out the door, my horn scraped, and off to enjoy the sunshine. A few more visits will establish how much I can trust her, and then we'll see if she is a sugar baby prospect. I'll let you know.