This is a work of fiction.Any resemblance to any person living or dead is purely coincidental.
You need to read chapters 1 & 2 to get background on the characters and story.
This story has grown in scope from the idea I had when I wrote Chapters 1 & 2 last year, so there is a lot of story development in these next few chapters, and the chapters get a bit longer.
All fictional characters participating in any fictional sexual activity are 18 years of age or older.
Voyeur, mf, mff, mmmf, orgy, masturbation
Thanks to Vexingvanna and Simba for proofreads and edits.
*
The Swim Team
Chapter 3
I awoke the next morning to splashing. A bleary glance at my Echo Show revealed 8:03am. It was well after midnight when I went to sleep, and I can only imagine the girls went to sleep much later than I. How could they have the energy to be up and swimming this early? The siren song of "more sleep" drifted through my mind, coaxing me back to the abyss of dreams. Resistance bubbled up:You should make sure the girls are okay.
I grabbed my shirt and glanced out the window. Linda was swimming freestyle for all she was worth all alone in the pool. I didn't see Brenda or the others anywhere. I padded into the living room, passing Brenda's closed door. Bethany, Karen, and Tina each stretched out on the furniture--separately and clad in their nightshirts. There was no indication of the orgy that went on last night at all.
I slid the door open and stepped out into the hot, dry morning air and watched Linda slide through the water. She barely made a splash as she reached the end of the lane and flip-turned to swim back. She moved languidly through the water, just allowing her body to move across the surface. Ten years of swim meets gave me enough knowledge to appreciate her form.
When she reached the end of the pool, she stood up and pulled her goggles from her face before wiping the water away. She glanced back toward the water for a moment, but her head whipped back around as soon as I clapped. "Brava, Linda. Excellent form on your stroke."
"Oh!" She clasped her hand to her chest. Water dripped from her elbows and chin. "Mr. B, you scared me! How long have you been there?"
"Not long. I just woke up and heard you dive in. The others are still racked out. What has you up so early this morning?"
She climbed out of the pool, pulled her rubber swim cap off, and shook her hair loose about her shoulders. The morning sun cast a fiery hue on her golden locks. Her usual buoyant smile was absent, and her eyes lacked the sparkle of last night. "Oh, well, I didn't really sleep well, and when I woke up, I couldn't get back to sleep, so I figured a little alone time in the pool would be good for me."
It took a lot of will power not to ask if she and Brenda had a fight. It wasn't my place to ask. Linda wasn't my daughter, though sometimes over the years it seemed that way. "Well," I began, "did it help? The swimming?"
"You know me, Mr. B. Swimming cures all." She managed a wan smile.
"Yes, Linda," I said, leveling a serious look. "I do know you."
Her eyes held mine, blue irises searching as she weighed something. Seconds passed. She remained silent. Maybe easing into it might help her decide. "Why isn't Brenda out here with you?"
She blinked, eyes darting around.. "Oh, she's, uh, she's still asleep, I think. At least she was when I came out here."
I didn't expect a lie. In all the time I've known her, I've never caught Linda in a lie. At the very least she was prevaricating. But why would she? "Linda? Is there something you're not telling me?"
"Oh, no, sir! I...I," she sputtered.
"Hey, Daddy!" Brenda bounced up beside us wearing her suit. Evidently, she planned on swimming, too. She reached up and pecked my cheek before throwing her towel on the chaise. "How'd you sleep?"
Her face was sunny. Her eyes were bright. Her smile was infectious, just like always. "Not bad," I said. "Not great, but not bad. I could do with another hour."
"And waste this beautiful morning?" She twirled and stretched her arms out as though she wanted to hug the world. The morning sunlight highlighted the curves of her skin. "Not a chance! I would come and get you! Go get your trunks on and come swim with us."
"What about your other guests?" Karen, Bethany, and Tina were still asleep as far as I knew.
"Oh, they'll come out on their own when they wake up." She was so sure of her world. Everything was as it should be, and nothing was out of place. I envied her that innocence and pitied her when the real world would eventually interject itself. "Go! Get your suit. This is the last day before school starts and I want to enjoy every minute of it."
Linda was just standing there, fiddling with her fingers and shifting her feet as though waiting for something. Brenda was bouncing on her toes like she had always done when she was anxious to get what she wanted.
"Well, I guess I have no choice in the matter."
"No, sir." She beamed her smile at me. She knew full well how to get me to do what she wanted. Then again, she also knew that I knew that.
"I'll be right back."
"We'll be right here. Well, actually, right over there," she pointed to the pool.
I turned and stepped toward the sliding glass door. In the reflection, I saw Linda gesturing at Brenda as if saying "what are you doing?"
Brenda shrugged and waved her arm at me. I could see her mouthing something to Linda, but I couldn't hear anything. I also couldn't stay there watching in the door, so I entered the house and stepped through the living room. The three girls had not moved since I last passed through. I hadn't really looked at them the first time through, but this time, a glimpse of flesh caught my eye. Bethany's t-shirt hung loose around her neck, leaving a vast expanse of right breast uncovered, a small pink crescent of areola peeking out. Tina was curled up on her side in my recliner, her toned legs stacked ending in the twin globes of her tiny little ass. She wasn't wearing panties, and I could see the cleft of her peach peeking out from between her thighs - a peach oozing a little juice. I guess after their activities last night, she didn't bother to put any panties on. The shirt she was wearing hung like a dress when she stood and would have covered her now except that, in her sleep, she must have worked it up her legs.
I needed to get out of there before I began thinking with the wrong head.
We all spent the morning splashing around in the water. The trio emerged about a half hour after I dove in. I always enjoy a good roughhouse in the pool, and Brenda loved trying to dunk me while I loved throwing her off me. It was a game we played since she learned to swim and even though she was full grown, I could still manage to toss her around. Well, a few feet anyway.
But this time, she had help, and soon I had five teen-aged girls climbing on me and trying to force my head under water. I would pivot and grab whatever limb I could get my hand on and toss. Firm boobs dragged across my back and chest, firm thighs locked around my legs and waist, and firm buttocks found their way into my hands as we all wrestled. Squeals and splashes were the order of the day. But I was not a young man anymore, and soon my strength failed me. I managed to extricate myself and head to the edge of the pool to get out.
"Where are you going?" the group whined in unison.
"I need a break. Besides, breakfast isn't going to cook itself."
"Isn't it a bit late for breakfast? It's almost 11," Karen said.
"Brunch, then," I responded. "Whatever you call it, I need eggs."
"Bacon!" Brenda hollered. "Lots of bacon!"
"Biscuits?" Linda yelled her question.
"I don't know if we have any, but I'll look."
"You have flour, right?"
"Probably," I said. Brenda kept track of the groceries. All I did was pay for them and cart them home.
"We have flour, no biscuits," Brenda confirmed.
"I'll make them," Linda said as she climbed out and dried herself with a towel. "I love biscuits, but mom refuses to buy or make them. Too many carbs."
"Well, I don't want to get you in trouble," I said with a smile.
"I won't tell her if you won't." She smiled back.
"Deal." We laughed as we made our way into the kitchen. She ran off to Brenda's room--I assumed to dress--while I, still damp, grabbed the mixing bowl and baking stone. I had to blink when she emerged from the bathroom no longer in her Speedo but sporting her pink bikini.
She must have seen the confusion on my face. "I figure I'm going back in as soon as we're done. No point in dressing."
I couldn't argue with that logic, but I was bothered by her near nakedness. It had enough fabric to avoid being considered obscene, but just barely. She didn't allow me a moment to contemplate it as she grabbed the large bowl and the flour container with a familiarity reserved for family members. She probably had been in and out of the house more often than I had.
She was busy adding buttermilk to the flour mix and stirring silently as I flipped the bacon sizzling in the skillet. "Linda," I began, "is everything okay? You seemed distracted earlier this morning."
"Oh, I'm okay. I was just thinking about something earlier, that's all."
"Something to do with boys? That Speedo-boy for instance?"
"Mark Landry? As if!" She wrinkled her nose. "I wouldn't give him the satisfaction of thinking about him."
"Some other guy, perhaps? A different guy grabbed your attention?" I couldn't help it. Teasing her was fun. Besides, it was kinda hot imagining her hard body flushed with excitement, even if it was because of some other guy and not me.
"Mr. B!" She smiled, and her face flushed pink as she concentrated on her bowl. Her nipples popped in the flimsy top, drawing my eyes like magnets. "I'm not telling you about boys. I don't even tell my parents about boys."
"Why not? They might have some...insights...to offer you. Things that you might not have thought about." I cocked my eyebrow at her for effect. "Or know about. I'm not talking about the birds and the bees, now. But they might be able to help with that too."
Her pink face was growing a deeper red. "I already know where babies come from."
"I know. Brenda told me when the health class went over it. She declared the whole subject 'gross'." That got a laugh.
"Well, I knew about it before then." She was smiling, but her gaze drifted, refusing to look me in the eye.
"Oh, did you now? And just how did you gain this knowledge? Independent study at the library? Directed research?" she giggled louder with each teasing suggestion. "Personal experiments?" I wagged my eyebrows.
"Mr B!" She snickered, covering her red face with one flour-covered hand. "I told you I'm not talking about it."
I took the bacon up and laid down more strips before grabbing the egg carton. "So, no boy trouble?"
"Nothing for you to concern yourself with, sir." She was smiling, so I know she didn't mean "mind your own business" though the intent was the same.
"Okay, I can take a hint. But you know if you ever need a guy's perspective, you can always come to me."
She put the bowl down and looked as though I had thrown up in her cereal, and I mentally prepared to back track and apologize. Seconds later, however, she jumped on me and wrapped her arms around my torso as though I was a lifeguard pulling her out of the ocean.
"You don't know what that means to me," she muttered into my shirt. After a brief eternity she pulled away enough to look into my eyes. "I meant what I said last night. You are my hero. I just want you to know that." She went back to the bowl and began spreading flour on the counter before dumping her dough out.
I couldn't think of anything to say for the rest of the morning.
#
After brunch, Karen got a text and announced that she had to leave to meet someone, so she said her goodbyes and left. I went back to my room while the other girls continued swimming and gossiping and being teen-aged girls. I was having a difficult time shaking the feeling of Linda pressing her breasts into me when she hugged me. I don't know why, but I was finding it increasingly difficult to not look at her as a sexual being lately. There was only one excuse: I needed to get laid. That must be it. A good romp in the sack would level out my libido.
My dick was already up for the task. I had been at half-staff all morning--thank God for baggy shorts and long shirts--what with the roughhousing in the pool with five bikini-clad girls, and my mind gravitated to those thoughts like a moth to a flame. The sad part was that I didn't have someone on ready standby for just such an emergency. Luckily, I had the Internet. My favorite site featured a lovely model named Austin Sommer, a cam-girl on the site where sexy young college girls entertain for tokens. She even had shows on Sundays, which worked for me in this instance. The 'about' page described her as a 20-something exhibitionist sex-addict slut that loved showing off and enjoyed daring sex in public places. What I've seen of her over the past few months bears that out. Austin had a tight, athletic body, perky, high-sitting breasts, and an ass most people would die for: women to have and men to hold. I pulled many a nut watching her perform in sexy outfits made of latex, lace, and leather while she filled her pussy with various toys. She's not as pretty as Linda, or my wife, for that matter, but she has an indefinable quality about her when she plays that keeps me--and several hundred other people--coming back to watch. I can't look away. Hers is the one commercial site I actually pay for.
I took care of some routine online chores for several minutes, so many I almost forgot why I sat down at the computer in the first place. When I logged in, Sommer was just about to start her show, so I considered myself lucky. She was sporting bright pink hair--obviously a wig--and a bare midriff t-shirt under a loose halter barely covering her red lace boy shorts. Her skin was flawless: not one blemish, not one vein, not one mole was visible. Her muscle tone itself was stimulating. Her breasts, not huge by any standard, were enough to jiggle slightly under her halter when she moved. She pinched the bottom of the halter and pulled, stretching the fabric down between the swells of her breasts. With the t-shirt on, there was no cleavage, but the swell of her breasts still peeked over the top of the collar.
There was a counter on the screen counting down to show time. She was just teasing and chatting now, waiting for enough people to chime in and pay the tokens to see her real show. I clicked the button and heard the sound of her computer registering the tokens. She glanced down at her screen.
"Hey, BigBoy76," she said and blew me a kiss. I know, my handle's cliche, but I figured if I was going to hound dog Internet porn sites, I might as well go all in.
"Hey gorgeous!" I typed back. "I've been waiting to see you all day."
"Aww, aren't you sweet," she cooed and began typing on her keyboard. A few seconds later, her typed response popped up in my private chat window. "Just for that, I'm going to give you a special show." She winked at the camera. I'm sure all the other people watching thought it was just for them, too.
Soon, the bell rang and the screen flashed into the private room. If anyone else showed up, they would get the generic image scroll of her pics. Only those who paid got to see her live show.
I was enthralled as always. She usually had some kind of hokey fantasy plot made up, like she was a school girl grounded in her room and missing her jock boyfriend, or a young girl being punished by her step father. She sometimes had a helper for those scenarios. This time, there was a helper, but this one was a hot young girl wearing a revealing bikini, a purple wig, and a mask.
"Hey guys. This is my friend, Kiki. She's been lonely lately and she needed some company." Austin began rubbing her friend's shoulders as they moved around to get in position in front of the camera. "I was thinking you guys would be good company. Am I right?"
More tokens began ringing through the speakers as people spent more money. "I thought you would. You know, if we can get 10,000 tokens, who knows what may happen? Why I'll bet she'll forget all about being lonely."
She glanced at the screen. "No. Sorry, Longpull, but the mask stays on. It's hotter this way, anyway.
"Yes, Knightrider1, I'm sure you do have the cure for her. I bet it's long and hard already. MMMMM....I can just see it throbbing in your hand, waiting to plunge it into Kiki right now. Would you like that, Kiki?" She fake-whispered into the girl's ear. "Do you want Knightrider1's long cock inside you?"
For her part, Kiki played right along. She started rubbing the insides of her thighs as though succumbing to rampant lust. "Oh, yes. It's been so long since someone made me feel good. Since I've been filled up." She pressed her fingers flat into the gusset of her bikini bottom.
"Hey, Kiki, they seem to like you. Look at the tokens. I think they want to see that pretty pussy of yours. "Well, guys, if we get enough tokens, you're going to be in for a treat. Ka...I mean Kiki has the prettiest pussy around. Wait till you see it!"
All this build up wasn't really stimulating me that much. I just wanted to see Austin naked and touching herself. She had a gorgeous pussy, and the only other pussy that could possibly beat it was probably Brenda's friend, Karen. Thinking about Bethany chewing on those lips put more steel in my rod, which was getting painfully cramped in my shorts. I had to release it and give it a tug to get the blood flowing. I hoped I wouldn't have to wait too much longer to see something hot.
Fortunately, the girls reached their goal in short order, Austin grabbed Kiki's bikini in her teeth and pulled it down her thighs, giving a slow-reveal of her meaty pussy. Her lips made a tight mound of flesh. Unfortunately, just as Austin ran her fingers up to touch those lips, someone knocked on my door.
"Daddy?"
I shoved my cock back into my shorts, silently screaming as it tried to bend itself in half, and minimized the browser. "What is it, sweetie?"
"The pool filter's making that weird noise again," she said through the closed door.
Shit! That meant at least an hour-long job of cleaning out the element and recycling the motor. The very thought killed my hard-on and the hopes of that much-needed release. Shit. I got out of the chair.
#
I finally had a moment alone with Brenda that night, after the girls finally went to their respective homes. We spent time getting the house back in order. All the girls helped clean the mess, but I like my house in a certain order, so Brenda and I worked on that as well as laundry for the week and other mundane things. While I was working, I tried to figure out the best way to bring up the sensitive topic of what I had seen at the party, but nothing came to mind. I resolved to talk to her over dinner.
I Door-Dashed some Mexican and we sat at the table while the Echo played my favorite playlist. I was never a fan of eating in front of the TV. That doesn't mean I never did it, I just wasn't a fan. I mulled over how to broach the subject of my concerns while I mixed my refried beans and rice. If I came right out and mentioned that I knew her friends were having sex with each other, that would probably embarrass her and shut her down, plus it might raise concerns about how I knew about it. I didn't want to admit I perved on the scene with the security camera. I thought maybe about asking if her friends had boyfriends, but that might come across like I was a school boy interested in dating them. My thoughts were running along those lines as I absently stirred my rice/bean mix.
"You plan on eating that or just making a bean smoothie?"
"What?" I was startled out of my reverie.
"You've been playing with your food like forever. You didn't even hear me, did you?"
"I'm sorry, sweetie," I said, looking up from my plate. "What did you say?"
"I said that everyone had a great time this weekend. Linda said it was the best party ever."
"At least the best chaperoned party, anyway." I laughed.
"That's part of why it was so good. You didn't get in the way, and you weren't overbearing. Tina's mom would have parked herself in the middle of the party and kept everyone uptight. And don't get me started on Bethany's dad. Everyone was comfortable around you."
"Except Speedo-boy."
"Except Mark, yes." She laughed. "But he's a jerk, so no one is comfortable around him. The only reason he's even included is he's the anchor for the boy's relay and the fastest boy swimmer on the team."
"Is he? Is he really? I've seen him swim."
"Well, that and the fact that his dad's company paid for the natatorium."
Ah, yes. The Landry Center. They made a big deal about the addition to the school a couple of years ago. Landry Inc. organized the drive and funded most of the costs of building a state-of-the-art aquatic center for the school. They even paid to keep it running. It had been rumored that the real price for the donation was that the CEO's son be on the swim team, even though Mark was in a private school at the time. He transferred in last year. It seems Speedo-Boy was indeed his father's son. "Linda told me he hit on you before he tried her."
A flash of disgust darkened her eyes for an instant. "As if he had a chance."
As relieved as I was that she wasn't interested in him, it did bring up more questions. "Aside from his attitude, why wouldn't he? He's not a bad looking boy and he is in shape..."
"Dad, please. He's a major ass-hat. Pardon my language. I could never spend any time with a douche bag like him even if he looked like Chris Evans."
"Well, I am glad to hear that. But I worry about you, sweetie. You haven't been out on a date in ages. Not since, what was his name, Tommy?"
"Tony." Brenda paused her fork halfway between her plate and her mouth, the bite dripping cheese sauce as her eyes looked back into her memory. Her mouth curved into a hint of a smile. "Tony Scarpetti. Sophomore year."
"My point exactly. Almost two years." I watched her face for some reaction. "Is something wrong? I know some guy has to have asked you out by now." Her eyes darkened, but her face remained unmoved. This girl would make a great poker player.
"Well, Daddy. You haven't been out on a date in like forever, either. I could say the same thing about you."
My memory flashed back a month to Tammy Faircloth, a software vendor who tried to get me to select her firm for a contract. The 'firm' we ended up discussing had nothing to do with software, however. We had a business dinner that turned into much more and left us both sprawled on a hotel bed gasping and sweating and satisfied. But Brenda couldn't know about that. She was probably talking about the last real date I had back in the spring. A woman I met at a parent's night at the school made a point of talking to me and flirting in a major way. She laughed at my lame jokes and touched my arm as much as she could. She was attractive enough, so I asked her out. Brenda made a big deal of helping me get ready. She even picked out the outfit I wore and selected the cologne. She wasn't too happy that it didn't lead to a second date. I shrugged at the memory. "I'm too busy getting you ready for your senior year to worry about dating. Besides, I went out like a month ago."
"Going out with your coworkers is not a date."
She smirked at me. She did it again. She turned the discussion around on me. I had to get it back on track. "Neither is a swim team party." Her shoulders dropped like they did when she was gearing up a pout. "Now, don't get like that," I began, but before I could finish the thought, the doorbell rang.
Before either of us could get up, two things happened: The door opened, and the land-line telephone rang. I was closer to the phone and as I moved toward it, I could see Linda coming down the hall. Tears streamed down her red cheeks as Brenda ran to her and I grabbed the phone, preparing to blow off whomever was on the other end.
"Hello," I barked.
"Barry? It's Kelly." Linda's mother. I've known the Mitchells since college as we've co-raised each other's daughters. My wife, Carrie, and I used to spend a lot of time with the other couple before she died. Afterward, Kelly and Dennis tried to get me to go out, but it really didn't feel right. I felt a little bad about not keeping in touch with them these past few years.
"Kelly. What's up?"
"Is Linda there?" her voice sounded strained and full of emotion. Given the state Linda was in, there was some serious drama going on.
"She just got here. What's going on? Is everything alright?"
"Well, to be honest, no. Nothing is alright," her voice broke, and I heard a choked sob. "Nothing will probably ever be alright again."
"Talk to me, Kelly."
"I...I...can't. Not right now. I will. I promise. But, Barry, would it be okay for Linda to stay with you for a little while? Just a day or two."
"Well, school starts tomorrow, Kelly. If you don't mind her being here on school nights..."
"No. It's okay. It's probably better this way." Her voice drifted off. "I'll call you. Just... Just tell her I love her."
She clicked off before I could even respond.
I stared at the handset for a few moments before replacing it in the cradle. I could hear Linda's cries from down the hallway. The girls were cuddled on the couch, Linda nestled in Brenda's arms crying into her shoulder. Brenda looked a question at me. I shrugged back.
"Linda, sweetie," I began. "What's happened?"
The young girl simply cried.
"Your mother just called. She sounded worried." Louder sobs. "She asked if you could stay here. I told her of course you can."
After a few moments of dwindling cries, Linda pulled back from Brenda's damp shoulder, sniffling. I handed her a tissue. The three of us sat in sniffling silence for a few more moments before Linda managed to pull herself together, sitting up between Brenda and me.
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean...I didn't know where else to go."
"You're always welcome here, Linda."
"Yeah," Brenda agreed.
"Is everything alright with your mom? Is she sick or something?"
Linda looked like she was going to break in fresh tears for a moment. "No. She's not sick, but she's not alright. She and Dad...Dad is..." The tears began afresh. "They're getting divorced!"
She fell against my shoulder sobbing and my arms instinctively wrapped around her tiny frame as she cried. I stroked her hair and rocked her. Brenda looked at me as I comforted her friend. Her face was a mask of conflicting emotions, and I couldn't tell exactly what she was thinking, but one feeling that came across was anger. She was mad. I just didn't know what she was mad at.
It took almost a half-hour to coax an explanation out of Linda. She would start talking and then break down in a fresh bout of tears. She related that shortly after she got home from the party, her dad came home and took Kelly into the bedroom. After a few moments, Linda heard Kelly scream and the sound of something breaking. When Linda went to investigate, her father told her through the closed door that everything was okay and to go back to the living room. Linda did as she was told.
After a while, both her parents came out. Kelly looked like she'd been crying, and Dennis looked distraught. They told Linda that they were splitting up and assured her that it wasn't her fault. During the scene, however, Kelly let slip that Dennis had an affair and that's when the shouting began again. Linda bolted and came to the only place she felt safe. Then she started sobbing again. I drew her into my arms and resumed trying to comfort her.
"Linda, sweetie, you can stay here as long as you need, but you will need to talk to your parents at some time..."
"No!" She sat upright, her features flushed and fire in her eyes. "I won't go back there. I can't face them. Not right now."
"All right, all right. No rush though. I'll talk with your parents and arrange to get more of your things so you can go to school from here."
"Thank you, Mr. B. I'm so sorry..."
"That's okay, Linda. No need to apologize. Your dad was right when he said this isn't your fault."
"That's right," Brenda said, her words hissing through clenched teeth. "All this is your dad's fault. He's to blame. He's a lying cheater!"
Her words caught me off guard, but more surprising was the venom behind them. "Brenda!" I never heard her speak like that before, especially not about an adult. "That is not at all appropriate."
"But you heard her, Dad. He cheated and broke up her family."
"I'm sure there's more to the story that we don't know. I've known Dennis Mitchell for longer than either of you've been alive. He's never cheated on Kelly that I know of."
Brenda snorted. "That you know of. I'm sure there's a lot you don't know about him."
"What is that supposed to mean?"
"Nothing." She shook her head as if trying to clear an errant thought. "I'm just upset. Linda is hurt and that makes me angry."
"Can we please just not talk about it?" Linda put her hand on my arm. "I really don't want to think about it right now."
"You're right. Why don't you two go on to Brenda's room and get situated. School starts in the morning, but if you don't feel up to going, I'm sure it'll be okay."
"No. I think I should go, if for no other reason than to get my mind off all this." Linda sniffled, stood up, and squared her shoulders as if shrugging off a heavy load. "It's day one of my senior year." She forced a thin, quivering smile on her face. "Nothing is going to ruin it for me."
"That's right," Brenda stood beside her friend. "We'll show them what you're made of."
#
After the girls went to Brenda's room, I finished cleaning up the kitchen. It was usually Brenda's chore, but I figured Linda needed her more and since we ordered in, there weren't too many dishes to do anyway. I found it difficult to keep my mind on my task, though, as I kept drifting back to the Mitchells. It was so difficult to believe that Dennis was leaving Kelly and Linda. Of course, it had been several years since we were close, but still, it seemed out of character for him to abandon his family. I had known both of them since college, where I met them when I started dating my wife.
Carrie introduced me to them shortly after we started dating. She and Kelly had been best friends since grade school, almost as close as Linda and Brenda are now. All three of them went to the same high school. Dennis was an athlete, and Carrie and Kelly were cheerleaders, so they were all part of their class royalty. While in their senior year, Dennis asked Carrie out, but, according to her, she turned him down. She didn't want to date a jock. He asked out Kelly and from what Carrie told me, they instantly clicked.
Carrie and I shared her sophomore chemistry class even though I was two years ahead of her. I had procrastinated enrolling in my required science credit, and my counselor told me I was going to graduate late if I didn't knock it out. Carrie was paired up with me in the lab section. After I poured hydrogen peroxide into a beaker and foam erupted all over us, we connected as we cleaned up and I asked her out. She was such a smart girl on top of being gorgeous that my insecurities played havoc with my confidence. I was a computer science nerd that happened to be tall enough to play a passable basketball game. I would never play pro, but I did manage to get on the college team. At that age, though, I was still tall and gangly, and I didn't grab the attention of the hot girls on campus. That's not to say I didn't date. I just didn't date the beautiful girls. Carrie was a beautiful girl. It took every bit of self-confidence I could muster to even ask her out once. It helped that we were both covered in colored foam at the time.
We had a nice first date. We walked the commons on campus. We ate at this quiet little bistro I discovered my first year that most students didn't know about. We climbed to the top of the observation deck and looked at the stars while we debated philosophy and solved the world's problems. We held hands as we walked back to her dorm. Her hand was warm, and her fingers fit in between mine perfectly. We came together at her door, her small frame fitting perfectly in my arms, her head coming to my chin. We had a lingering kiss that forever changed my views on what makes a good kiss. I was only twenty, but after that kiss, I felt older.
On our second date, I so much wanted to show her how much I wanted her, but I didn't want to scare her off. She was a special girl and not like these other coeds that put out on the first date. Besides, we had such fun getting to know each other that when we did finally take it to that level, the waiting would only make it that much better. It was our third date that changed our pairing to a foursome. There was a new Michael Douglas movie opening that weekend that I thought looked interesting, and it had Martin Sheen in it, so I thought Carrie might like that. Anyway, Carrie asked if her friend and roommate Kelly could tag along with her boyfriend. Carrie had been telling me all about her friend, so I knew they were close, and I figured she wanted to vet me with Kelly, so I went along with it. Besides, I could use another friend or two anyway. Kelly was very pretty. Not as gorgeous as Carrie, but if I was unattached, I would seriously consider dating her. Dennis was shorter than I, but bulkier. He was the star cornerback of his high school team and good enough to get a scholarship to the university team. He was not an unattractive guy, and he was very outgoing and energetic. I could tell he was used to getting what he wanted, but then again, so was I. I figured we'd make good friends.
Evidently, I passed Kelly's muster, because things progressed quickly from there. At least once a month, the four of us would double date, either to a movie, or a concert, or one time, we went to a frat party. That was the first time I attended one of those events. I had heard plenty about the parties on campus, enough to know that, if I wanted to maintain my GPA, I needed to avoid them. Still, the stories were salacious enough to pique my curiosity. I had heard torrid tales of sorority girls entertaining the entire house. With my middle-class upbringing, I had never experienced anything as wild as what I'd heard, so it was hard to believe it. I was keen to go to the party if only to see how badly the stories were exaggerated.
At the time of the party, Carrie and I were pretty much unofficially exclusive. There were no women I had any interest in dating and, as far as I knew, no guys that she was interested in. I had planned on formalizing our status that night, after the party. Not an engagement, mind you. Rather, just recognizing that we would be exclusive to each other. I knew where I wanted our relationship to go, but since Carrie was only in her second semester of her freshman year, I didn't want to rush things too fast and scare her off.
We arrived after dinner. Never drink on an empty stomach, my uncle Harris always told me, and I always listened to his wisdom. There were plenty of drunk frat boys and hot girls milling around the house and grounds. There were two kegs sitting in ice-filled wading pools, and the tap was connected to a hose that was pouring foamy amber liquid into the open mouth of a sexy girl whose impressive bosom was straining the seams of her beer-soaked halter top. The color of her dark nipples, clearly visible through the sheer cloth, became even more so when she choked on the beer and spit it up all over herself and the guy manning the tap. Everyone around the keg erupted in laughter, including the girl herself, once she caught her breath.
Carrie pulled me by the arm over to the table covered with bottles of various colored liquids and red solo cups. Kelly handed her a cup and the two of them toasted to something I couldn't hear over the din of the music. Dennis handed me a cup, but I've never been a fan of whiskey and that was what I smelled in the concoction in my hand. Watching our classmates gyrating to the rhythmic thumping of the music was not my idea of fun, so I tried to interject myself into Carrie and Kelly's conversation. The girls were so wrapped up in talking about the rumors of what professor was sleeping with which student that they didn't even notice me. Dennis was drawn into a group of jocks who were preening for the girls. I was not there to pick up a girl, so I just hung back for a while, until Derrik, one of my teammates, pulled me aside to talk about the season.
After a while, a beer found its way into my hand, and shortly after that, I started enjoying myself talking with my friends. Every once in a while I would drift back to Carrie and we would share a quick kiss, or a lingering touch just to remind each other who we were there with, not that there was a chance I would forget. Carrie was easily the prettiest girl in the place, even if she wasn't dressed as sexy as some of the sluts. More than once, I saw some of the frat boys drift over to her to try their luck, only to be shot down politely but firmly.
After a while, Dennis appeared next to me and grabbed my elbow. "Dude, you gotta see this."
I let him lead me down a hall filled with closed doors with socks hanging on the knobs. I remember being told that was a universal sign that someone was having sex in the room and did not wish to be disturbed. In the back of the house was a large room with a crowd gathering in the corner. There was a distinct odor in the air, and many people were pinching lit roaches wafting smoke into the room. Tell-tale white granules and small mirrors littered the coffee table. On the projection TV there was a porn movie playing, but the gasps and moans I heard were not coming from the TV. Dennis pushed us through the crowd to a large sectional sofa where three naked guys were clustered and gyrating over one of the young coeds. I couldn't see who she was at first, but she had an impressive bust that jiggled in sync with the thrusts of the guy kneeling behind her. She was laying on top of a second guy who still had his pants gathered around his knees. The third guy had his cock shoved down the girl's throat as she sawed back and forth. When the guy pulled his cock from her mouth to slap her with it, I recognized her as the same girl who had been pulling from the tap earlier.
She was clearly into the action as she reached out and grabbed his cock to get it back into her mouth. Her hair was pulled back in the hands of the guy fucking her ass. I was hypnotized. I had never seen anyone have sex before. Sure, I was no virgin, but doing it and watching it are two different things. It was raw. It was visceral. It was hot. My cock immediately swelled in my jeans and I had to adjust myself before it broke in half.
"I know, right?" Dennis noticed my adjustment and laughed before turning to look at the scene again. "Dude this is intense!"
"She is hot," I admitted.
"You think that's hot, check out over there." He pointed to the other end of the room where a second girl was riding a cock reverse cowgirl style while watching the foursome. One of the second girl's hands was squeezing her right breast while the other was beating a tempo on her clit as her partner's glistening cock pistoned in and out of her open pussy. The second girl's smaller left breast bounced, her nipple drawing my eye like a hypnotist's watch. I had never seen anything like this, and my brain was having trouble processing the stimulation. It also served to remind me that I hadn't been laid for weeks before I met Carrie, and we hadn't done more than serious petting yet.
Carrie!
Where was Carrie? Did she know about this? What would she think if she caught me standing here watching this? Would she think me some kind of pervert? Would she think I brought her here just to get into her pants? I turned to leave when I noticed some of the crowd were coupling up where they were. Next to me, a guy was standing behind his girl, his arms wrapped around her, one hand under her ruffled blouse pulling on her nipple under her loosened bra while he nibbled her neck and ground his groin into her ample ass. One of her hands reached back and held his head as her other hand was trying to open her painted-on jeans. The guy's left hand grasped her hip almost as if keeping her from collapsing from desire. Her eyes were half closed but lit with a fire as she enjoyed the feelings of his touch while watching the orgy taking place in front of her.
I turned the other way and another couple was dropping to the floor where they'd stood, connected at the mouth as clothes were being pulled off. I recognized the guy from my Pascal class, the kind of typical geek I would be if I wasn't so tall and played basketball. His date was a bit on the heavy side with too much eye makeup and mousy hair. They made a cute couple, though, and they evidently didn't care about having an audience as they quickly got down to business.
I stepped out of the throng trying to get back to the hallway to find Carrie. I imagined she would want to leave when she found out what was going on here. That image was shattered in an instant.
As I turned to the hallway, Carrie and Kelly were right in front of me. "There you are," she said with a bright smile. "I was wondering where you two had wandered off to."
"Oh my God!" Kelly's hand went to her mouth as she spotted what was going on in the room behind me.
"What?" Carrie asked, her eyes following Kelly's. "Oh!" She blinked. "Oh!"
I was certain she'd be shocked and offended by what she saw. I was only half right.
"Wow! That is so hot! Look at them go." She stepped closer, riveted by what she saw. "What are they doing? Is that guy in her ass or something? At the same time?" I was too busy watching her to look away. I'd only seen that look on her face once before. It was on our last date when we were making out on the couch, and things had progressed to the point that clothes were about to come off. I was laying back and she was stretched out on top of me. We were both hot and horny, and if we hadn't stopped, we would have had sex. My cock had been throbbing as my hand had been cradling the swell of her breast, testing its heft as I tasted the sweet nectar of her kiss when she pulled back. She had to feel my bulge pressing into her belly, but she wouldn't go farther that night, which led me to believe she was saving herself, and was probably still a virgin.
That assumption was evidently not accurate.
She grabbed my arm in her right hand and squeezed and nibbled on her other hand's fingertips as she focused on the action on the sofa. Her nipples were threatening to burst through the fabric of both her bra and blouse, and her neck was flushed. Dennis had appeared next to Kelly and he was running his hands over her shoulders as she, too, was enthralled by the tableau in front of us.
The trio on the sofa was moving with more urgency and the rising pitch of the girl's muffled cries told me she was close to her climax. She pulled the cock out of her mouth and began jacking it irregularly as her head rolled around, and she cried out. "I'm gonna cum! Aaaaahhhhhh! Harder! Fuck me harder!"
"Ahhhhh! Shit!" The second girl screamed and fell back onto the chest of the guy she was fucking. Her cum sprayed out of her pussy as she frigged her clit. The guy thrust his cock deep inside her as he spasmed his orgasm. After three or four jerks, he began lazily thrusting again. The foamy cum began to seep from her entrance, pouring around his softening cock as he ground it into her.
"Do it! Do it now!" The first girl was still jacking the guy in front of her face as she rode the two cocks inside her holes. "Fill me up! Cum all over me!" She gobbled the cock in front of her face, apparently desperate for the taste of cum. Her movements grew more spastic in her desperation, but it didn't seem to bother her men. The guy in her ass pulled his cock out, leaving her ring a yawning red hole, and spurted his cum onto her jiggling cheeks and into her gaping ass.
"Uhn!" The guy standing in front grunted as he began pulling on his shaft, spraying her face with his seed.
"Oh! Yes!" She cried. "Give me more."
"OHFUCK!" The guy beneath her grabbed her hips and drove himself in her depths as he filled her pussy with his cum.
"Damn!" Carrie and I said in unison. Before I realized what was happening, the girl reached over and grabbed another guy by the cock and pulled him to the couch. That's when I realized that most of the guys there were jacking off to the scene, and the couples were either fucking in place, or well on their way to doing so.
"Come on," I said, taking Carrie by the hand. "Let's get out of here."
She didn't say a word as I led her back to the front of the house. While the crowd had thinned somewhat, there were still several people standing around talking or dancing, oblivious to what was going on in the back of the house. Either that, or they were just so used to it that it didn't matter to them.
I led Carrie outside with Kelly and Dennis following behind us. When we got to the car, I just leaned against it and took a deep breath. "Wow. I've never seen anything like that before."
"Me neither," Dennis said smiling. "But damn!"
Kelly looked dazed. Her breathing was deep, her eyes glassy.
Carrie squeezed my hand. Our eyes met. The unbridled heat I saw earlier had been replaced with a different look. One I couldn't read. "Take me home, please."
We drove in silence. I dropped Dennis off first, since the girls shared their dorm room. I could only walk them to the door, because guys were not permitted inside after midnight. Kelly went inside while Carrie pulled me around the side of the entryway into the shadows. She pulled my head down and proceeded to suck the air out of my lungs as she attacked my tongue. After the longest and hottest kiss I had experienced in my life, she pulled back and drew a deep breath. "That was intense. I'm so turned on right now."
"Me, too." I struggled to find the words. "I want you so bad..."
"Me too!" The fiery hunger I saw at the frat house was back in her eyes.
I paused for a moment. "But I don't want our first time together to be a reaction to something like that."
Her lips pursed slightly, threatened to frown, but then curled at the corners. "Me either," she whispered. "As badly as I want you, I want our first time together to be just us."
That was when I knew without a doubt that this woman would become my wife.
She kissed me again; not as desperately, but more deeply. She nibbled on my earlobe before whispering, "Just know that I'm going to go upstairs and take care of myself. Probably all night long. And I'll be thinking of you."
#
With the dishes dried and put away, I slung the damp towel over the handle of the oven to dry while I wiped down the counters. Chores finished, I looked at the clock. It was 10 pm, and I headed back to my room, pausing at Brenda's door for a moment. I couldn't hear anything, but I felt I needed to check on them just to make sure. My knuckles brushed the door, not wanting to wake them if they were asleep.
"Yes?" I couldn't tell whose voice it was that answered.
I twisted the knob and opened the door just enough to be heard, which allowed me to see only part of Brenda's bed. The only light that was visible was from a small nightstand lamp beside the bed. Both girls were sitting cross-legged on the bed in nightshirts. While the idea of seeing Linda in nothing but a t-shirt would ordinarily get a rise out of me, under the circumstances, it was difficult seeing her as anything other than a hurt little girl. "Just wanted to make sure you have everything you need...or...whatever."
"Thanks, Mr. B. I'm okay. We're just about to go to sleep." Her hair was loose, hanging over her left shoulder. Her face was washed clean of makeup and revealed her natural, innocent beauty.
I forced myself to look away. "Brenda, you have your alarm set, right?"
"Yes, Daddy." She was wearing the same type of sleep wear. Her brown hair was still pulled back in a loose ponytail, highlighting her cheekbones. She looked so much like her mother. She always did, but maybe since I had just been thinking about Carrie, it stood out more. "Alexa is set to wake me up at 6," as she said that, the small smart device on her nightstand beeped, waiting for a question. "But I'll probably be awake before then."
"Alrighty then." I turned back to Linda. "I imagine you've left enough clothes here that you have something to wear tomorrow?"
"Yes, sir. I'm all set."
"Good. Well then, good night, girls."
"Good night," they said in unison before I closed the door.
I stripped down and slipped into bed in my briefs. I never managed to have that talk with Brenda, but it seemed so unimportant in light of the Mitchells' problem. I needed to talk to Dennis, although he may not want to talk to me about it. We'd grown distant over the past few years. I kind of went out of my way to avoid them after Carrie died, not because I didn't like them, but more because I couldn't deal with my grief. Whenever I saw them, I felt Carrie's loss even more.
As I drifted off to sleep, my thoughts turned to the night Carrie and I finally consummated our love for each other.
Because of midterms and work obligations, it was two weeks after the orgy that we found time to be alone together. Because I was an upperclassman, I was in a student apartment, which meant I could have guests anytime I wanted. I had entertained Carrie here before, but usually when we were double-dating with Kelly and Dennis. This time, it was just the two of us, and I cooked a nice chicken parm and pasta dinner. We listened to my favorite Journey record on the turntable as we settled in on the couch with our wine. Now, I'm not a wine connoisseur by any stretch, but on a romantic date with Italian food, you have wine, right?
We talked about classes. We talked about family. We talked about politics. We talked about everything but what we both knew was coming. But I wasn't anxious about it. It was a very pleasant and comfortable evening. There was no pressure. At least, I didn't feel any pressure. At one point during the conversation, Carrie had been playing with her light brown hair, her elbow resting on the back of the sofa, and she dropped her hand from her hair to my forearm and began caressing the hairs with her fingertips. It was a simple, innocuous gesture, but after fifteen seconds of this silent stroking, the casual air in the room got much hotter, and I felt a little pressure in my jeans. My gaze traveled from her fingers, up her arm until I found myself staring at her angelic face. That heavenly countenance was laced with a fiery passion that threatened to engulf me. I felt myself falling into her blue eyes, and I'd never felt such desire in my life.
I leaned in and our lips touched ever so lightly, but I felt connected by more than just our lips or our passion. Time didn't pass while we kissed. The world stopped spinning. School faded away into nothingness. There was only Carrie. What started as light kisses grew in intensity until I couldn't tell where I stopped and she started. My arms were wrapped around her and I felt her heart beating in time with mine. Somehow we had moved to my bed and shed our clothes, though I have no memory of how. Her naked body lay on top of mine, her bare nipples drilling into my chest as my hands cupped her tight buttocks. My cock throbbed, trapped in the warmth between her taut abs and mine. While I never wanted to break our kiss, I needed to taste more of her. Her neck. Her earlobes. Her shoulder. I kissed, nibbled, and licked my way down her body until I rolled her over and continued to kiss her sternum while my hands caressed the swell of the sides of her breasts.
I felt her fingers running through my hair as my mouth sought out her nipple. When I ran my tongue over it, she drew in a hissed breath, and when I caught it in between my teeth, she pulled my head tighter to her chest. She bucked her hips, grinding her pubes against the edge of my hip bone as I shifted my attention to the other breast. I could feel her moist heat and smell her sweet passion as I made love to her breasts. I kissed the space between as my hands pressed the flesh of her breasts to my cheeks while pinching her nipples.
Carrie pressed down on my head and I allowed her to lead me along the curves of her belly, pausing momentarily to kiss her belly button, before arriving at the little hill just north of her steaming ravine. She had a well-trimmed, short patch of soft, light brown pubes shaped in a triangle pointing to the junction of her puffy outer lips. I pressed my chin through her pussy before running my mouth over her hooded clit. Her slim lips were already slick and engorged with her excitement. Spreading her lips with my fingertips, I cupped my tongue to lap her fluids, savoring the taste as I sucked the flavors from deep within her. Her fingers danced across my head, twisting in my short hair as she tried to direct my attentions where she wanted them most while she rocked her hips.
"Aaahhhhhhh!" she cried out as her thighs clamped hard on my ears, and a flood of hot juice poured from within her, coating my chin and the bed. I kept up my tongue dance on her clit as I slipped two fingers deep inside her sodden gash. "Oh God! Oh, my God! I'm gonna cum again!" More fluid spurted from her as her hands threatened to smother me with her slit.
Once her spasms slowed, she pulled my head from between her legs, rolled me over, and plastered her mouth to mine. She kissed me so hard it felt like she was trying to devour me. She kissed my neck and nipples briefly before settling down on her knees between my legs. I felt her hand cup my balls as she rubbed her face along my hard cock, her warm breath tickling the hairs along the base. Then I felt the warm wetness of her tongue licking the thickness from the base toward the head. I closed my eyes and savored the sensations as she mouthed my cock, planting little kisses and licks along its length.
Her light touches and quick kisses were driving me crazy and my cock began to throb even more. I thrust my hips up, trying to find her mouth. I wanted, no, I needed to feel myself inside her--be it her mouth or her pussy--my cock wanted in. I felt her hand wrap around the base and lift my cock up. A few eternal seconds later, warm wetness enveloped the head. I heard her pop her lips as she pulled her mouth off before sucking the head back in again. I opened my eyes and looked down to see her smiling at me with the head of my cock just inside her smiling mouth. Her eyes danced as she played with my cock. Suddenly, she dove down, drawing my prick into her mouth and deeper still. She took me all the way in one quick motion, not even pausing as it entered her throat. Her lips were wrapped around the base of my cock, her nose pressing into my groin, and she held it there. Her tongue was still dancing along the main vein and she was doing something with her throat, constricting around the head while the entire length was in her mouth.
I'd never been deep throated before.
I'd heard about it, but I'd never had it done to me. Not because I was so big, but mostly because the girls I had been with up until then either didn't do it or didn't do it right. Carrie taught me what I'd been missing. She pulled back, her lips tight around the shaft until the head appeared with an audible pop. Carrie swallowed and gasped before slurping my cock back into her mouth. She bobbed her head up and down a few times before she grabbed the base again and started twisting her hand in sync with her sucking.
My nut was building fast, but I didn't want to cum yet. I had to feel myself inside her. I pulled her off my cock and began to sit up. She whined a little until she saw what I wanted. She rolled onto her back and brought her knees to her shoulders, opening herself to me. Her hand slipped down to her pussy, spreading her juices around in anticipation. I slipped my knees under her thighs, allowing me to watch as my cock lay across her pussy.
I took my cock and dipped it into her wetness, coating the head with her juices before rubbing it across her clit, which had peeked out from its hood. Carrie reached her fingers down and held her lips open for me as I pushed the head back down and into her. The boiling heat seared my cock as I buried my length within her. We stared deep into each other's eyes as her folds surrounded me. She was so wet that I felt only her tightness as I slipped deeper inside. Once I was fully within her, I had to just sit there and enjoy the sensation. Any movement could cause me to cum. I tried to will myself back from the precipice so I could make this last. I leaned down and kissed her and she flexed her muscles to squeeze me inside. I straightened myself out until I lay full on top of her, as much of my body touching as much of hers as we could manage. I began a slow gyration, grinding myself against her clit without pulling my cock from inside her. I rocked side to side, then moved my hips in a circle, causing the head of my cock to slip back and forth across her cervix.
"Oh, yes. Keep doing that," she commanded. "Oh, God, that feels so good."
"This feels wonderful." I kissed her. "You feel wonderful." I began full length slow strokes into her depths, with a rocking at the downstroke.
"I never want this to end."
"Me neither. I could stay inside you like this forever."
"Oh, God, yes!" She humped up against me as I felt her get even more wet and hot as her orgasm washed over both of us.
The surge in heat from her orgasm triggered mine, so I began slamming her harder to push me fully over the edge. My balls slapped against her ass as I drilled her. I pulled my head back and watched her face, locking her eyes with mine as I felt the first pulse of my cum rocket out of me. I held her gaze as I pushed myself in as deep as I could and deposited the rest of my load. I leaned down and kissed her again before resting against her and wrapping her in my arms. She kissed my shoulder as her hands ran over my back and her ankles locked my hips in place. We lay like that for what seemed like hours, just basking in our satisfaction and affection. We must have dozed off in that position, because before I knew it, the first dim rays of the morning sun peeked through the windows.
I pulled back and noticed she was asleep. I disentangled myself from her loving arms and went to the bathroom to clean up. I soaked a washcloth in warm water and brought it back to the bed and cleaned her up as well. She stirred as I wiped my dried cum from around her pussy. When I finished, I slipped back into bed and spooned behind her, wrapping my arms around her and cupping her full breast in my hand.
#
My hand still cupped Carrie's breast in my dream when Alexa turned on my nightstand lamp and said good morning, letting me know it was 5:30. I had meant to turn that alarm off since I was now officially retired, but I forgot to. It came in handy because it allowed me to see something I never expected. My arms were still wrapped around a warm body, my hand still cupped a full breast, but I was no longer dreaming. I blinked at the blinding light, trying to focus my eyes. The early morning fog of my mind was having trouble reconciling the feelings of holding a woman with the knowledge that I went to bed alone last night. I looked down and saw a head full of strawberry blond hair tousled on my pillow.
I was still wearing my briefs, but my morning wood was pressed into the crack of the most delightful panty-clad ass I'd been fantasizing about for the past several years. Linda was still asleep and nestled quite comfortably in my arms. My hand was still grasping her near-perfect breast through the fabric of her t-shirt. I began to hyperventilate. How did this happen? Exactly what did happen? Oh my God! Did I fuck Linda? Did I fuck my daughter's best friend?
<<<<>>>>