Special thanks to my editor, samuraisan. We decided the only thing we can't agree on is comma usage, so if you feel there's a few of those out of place here, blame me, not him. (He'll probably have an issue with that last sentence.) Other than that, he's been instrumental in... well, just about everything I've published from 2017 until now, and a ton of net-yet-finished drafts sitting on my hard drive. Also a big thanks to thatsbogus, whose gentle prodding and encouragement have gotten me off the bench and back in the game. He's also a writer on this site -- go find him and read everything. You won't regret it.
*********************
The Scavenger Hunt: Chapter 4
Frat Folks--
Lexi Briggs, Motor Skills & Development, Objective 7. Thursday morning, during the swim class she teaches, in the pool.
TT
I sent the e-mail a few hours after I left the pool, but there was no response until the following morning. It came in while I was half-dozing through yet another anatomy lecture. I'd been studying so much anatomy up close lately that I could probably teach the class on my own.
Pledge Temple--
The swim class is not one of your classes. Therefore, it doesn't count.
CAU AKP
Short and to the point -- and also incorrect. I fired back immediately.
Frat Folks--
Read your task e-mail again. Objective 7 simply states "Sex during a class." It doesn't specify that it has to be one of MY classes.
TT
I thought it would take a long time to get a response. I watched another half hour tick off the clock, then saw the inbox tab on my e-mail go bold again.
Pledge Temple--
Fair point. We should have considered the language in the task more carefully. We are quite certain you knew the spirit of the law, but as your encounter does satisfy the letter of the law, we will allow it to count for Objective 7 and your Motor Skills class (once verified).
CAU AKP
I only had a few seconds to be satisfied with my tiny victory, when the fire alarm went off.
"All right, all right everyone," the professor said, sounding as annoyed by the interrupting fire drill as the students were elated by it. "Everyone leave the room in an orderly fashion, and leave all your personal belongings. They'll be here when you get back."
I actually liked this professor, so I resisted the temptation to laugh out loud, but I still rolled my eyes. If there ever really was a fire in the building, most of us in this third-story classroom would be goners, because exactly nobody left their personal stuff behind. Anyone who had laptops out packed them away, and even the few studious ones stowed their notebooks before they got up. It was only 10 minutes before the end of class, anyway, so no one was coming back.
We moved down the stairs like a herd of elephants. I'd just stepped off the last stair before the second-floor landing when a female bowling ball crashed into me.
"What the--" was all I could say -- I was far too busy trying to ensure that both she and I didn't hit the deck and get trampled on. It was clear that her intrusion wasn't intentional -- she was definitely pissed at someone, but it wasn't me.
"God, Mike, you're such a fucking dumbass," she exclaimed. She was Laci Daniels, one of my classmates and a member of the CAU dance squad. The Mike in question was a football player, already halfway down the stairs at this point.
"Did you try to play chicken with the left tackle, Laci?" I asked. I had her wrapped in a tight bear hug with one arm, while my other arm pushed off the nearest wall. She shot a brief smile at my quip.
"He was joking about how he'd be acting if this really was a fire, and started flailing his arms around like an idiot," she said. Then, she raised her voice and directed it down the stairs: "If all our offensive linemen are as uncoordinated as your goofy ass, no wonder our football team sucks!"
She got a few laughs from the other people heading down the stairs, and a couple of choice insults from Mike and his teammates down below. Once the stampede had passed, I set her on her feet. She could have backed away, but chose not to.
"Thanks for breaking my fall," she breathed. "Did you get hurt?"
"Nah, I'm good," I said. "Quick reflexes. I'm glad you weigh about 78 pounds, though, or that could have been ugly for us both. Next time just run him over with your car or something."
Laci was maybe 5-foot-3 and 100 pounds submerged in a swimming pool. She had dark, curly hair and was presently wearing way too much makeup. We had a couple classes together last semester, and one other one this term. I'd talked to her a handful of times, and she'd been my lab partner once or twice. She seemed friendly and fun, but I'd never taken a shot at her for whatever reason.
She decided she was going to take a shot at me, apparently, because instead of pulling away from me, she gave me a classic package check. That particular part of my body wasn't all that inspired when she made contact, but by the time she let it go, it was awake and checking out its surroundings.
"Very nice," she whispered. "You'll have to let me thank you for being my landing cushion sometime soon."
"I definitely will," I said, watching with an amused expression as she continued down the stairs. I hadn't even started thinking about the next objective for my pledge task yet, but apparently, it had been thinking about me.
********
The following day was Saturday, which meant my afternoon picnic with Beth. I'd told her she could invite Taylor, but this was one of the few weekends where the baseball and softball schedules differed -- we were off for the weekend, but the softball team had a series in Georgia.
So it was just Beth and I, sitting on a blanket in the middle of a city park, eating a basket of homemade fried chicken and sipping on a bottle of 2-dollar wine. I thanked my lucky stars that the weather had decided to warm up some this weekend -- if it was still in the mid-40s, Beth likely would have worn more than just a white flower-printed tank top and yellow shorts that barely reached mid-thigh. Keeping all that smooth, creamy skin under wraps would have been a crime.
We'd made small talk during the walk from the parking area to our picnic spot, but once she broke out the food, my mind had been unavailable for conversation. As soon as I'd taken a bite of her chicken, I was in heaven. I'd told her as much as soon as I'd swallowed, but I'd spent the next few minutes devouring as much of it as I could. She'd actually kept up fairly well -- I'd eaten 5 or 6 pieces, and she was on her fourth.
"Jesus, Beth," I said once we'd finished our feast. "I haven't had fried chicken that good since... hell, maybe my grandma's is that good, and I'm only saying that because I'm sure that woman can hear me even from her living room in North Carolina."
She giggled, displaying pearly white teeth and a playful smile.
"Smart man," she said. "And thank you. It's my mama's recipe. I'm still trying to perfect it."
"You can stop now," I said. "Seriously, I don't know if I've ever eaten anything better than that."
"I almost made you a batch of mama's banana pudding," she said.
"Almost?" I asked. "I mean, I try to stay in shape and all, but if the chicken is any indication of how good your banana pudding is, another mile or two on my morning run would have been worth it."
"Trust me, it would have been," she said. "But I just wanted you to like me. I didn't want you to propose."
It was my turn to laugh now. "How on Earth do you cook as well as you do and still look like that?"
"I run marathons," she explained. "I ran one in Atlanta last month, and I'm hoping to do another one in Charlotte in the fall."
"Ah," I said with a nod. We cleared all the picnic stuff away, leaving only the bottle of wine on the blanket with us. We laid down next to each other and stared up at the sky.
"So, you can make me laugh without even trying," I said. "You own a car but still choose to run 26.2 miles on occasion, so you're at least a little bit mental. You could put Colonel Sanders and the Popeyes lady out of business anytime you choose. You're so stunningly beautiful that Stevie Wonder could write a song about you. You play for both teams, and you're not exactly quiet during sex. Anything else I should know?"
Her laugh was melodious and infectious. My favorite sound on planet Earth was the crack of a wooden bat hitting a baseball right on the sweet spot, but her laugh was quickly catching up.
"Well, I'm an Aquarius, my turn-ons are confidence and tall, dark and handsome men, and I like long walks on the beach."
I chuckled at her phrasing. She was either spoofing Playboy or beauty pageants -- apropos, because she'd fit right in with either one.
"Ok," I said. "Well, happy belated birthday. I'm a Marine, a baseball player and a 25 year-old man on a college campus, so I have no problems with confidence. I'm 6-foot-1, so, fairly tall, and I tan up pretty well in summer. I'll have to let you decide about handsome, but you're here, so I feel pretty good about that one. And there just so happens to be a beach a few minutes behind us. You want to go for that walk now?"
I felt her hand fall onto mine. Her warm fingers interlaced with my own, and they fit perfectly.
"Maybe next time," she said. I was genuinely excited that she wanted to see me again. It was a foreign feeling to me -- usually, 'next time' was something I decided whether I wanted or not, and if I did, I'd make sure it happened.
I looked over at her. Her blond hair was splayed out under her head, her eyes were closed, and a playful smile teased her lips. She was drawing deep breaths and exhaling slowly through her nose.
"It worked, you know," I said.
"Hmm?" she asked.
"The chicken," I said. "It worked. I like you."
She smiled and opened her soft hazel eyes just in time to see me lean in and kiss her. I just brushed her lips with mine at first, but when she kissed me back, I went a little deeper. I gently sucked her bottom lip into my mouth, savoring the taste of her skin. She'd put on some watermelon lip gloss after we finished eating, and I couldn't get enough of it.
We kissed for a few moments longer before I pulled away. She rolled onto her side and gently pushed me onto my back before laying her head on my shoulder.
"So, am I just another conquest, Travis?" she said into my shirt. "I know we laughed about it the other day, but please tell me this isn't just you trying to bang the other hot bi girl."
"You know, when I asked you out the other day, I wasn't really sure," I said. "I know I felt differently about you than I have about other girls in the past. I know I've had a hard time getting you out of my head the past few days. But even today, driving over here, I wasn't entirely sure. But now that we're here..."
I trailed off, trying to collect my thoughts quickly so I didn't leave her hanging.
"I can safely say that no, you're not just another girl I'm trying to hook up with. I don't know what this is or might be, but it feels different, and for now, I'm gonna go with that."
"And you're not just saying that?" she asked, looking up and making eye contact with me now.
"I've always been honest about this stuff," I said. "If there's nothing there for me, I won't lie and say there is just to get a girl into bed. There've been a couple times where I realized the girl thought I wanted more while we were actually in bed together, and I cut it off right there."
"I know," she said. "Christine told me."
"I told her that first night that it was just about sex," I said with a sigh. I stroked Beth's neck and shoulders as we talked, and I found it mildly odd that we were talking about my past sexual encounters while cuddled together. "She accepted it. A month later, I was back in Charleston, so I figured I'd call her up and see if she wanted to get together. She seemed excited about it, but right after our clothes came off, she asked if I'd ever tried to have a long-distance relationship. I told her I wasn't much for relationships, and that I was just in it to have fun. If she wasn't ok with that anymore, we should stop right there, and we did. I hope there were no hard feelings, but I never lied to her."
"I know," she said. "I wasn't accusing you."
We lay there in silence for a while before she threw another curveball at me.
"What about Taylor?" she asked, making me dizzy. "Is there anything long-term there?"
"I should probably be asking you that question," I answered.
"You probably should, yeah," she said with a grin. "But I asked you first."
I knew this might be a delicate, touchy subject. Since I didn't really know the score between Taylor and Beth, I really had no idea what she needed me to say. So, I did what I usually did, and stuck with the truth.
"I had fun with Taylor last weekend," I said. "It was incredible, and I would bet she thought so, too." Beth just nodded. "It sounded like she was in a flexible but committed relationship. She had no problem doing it once, so I thought maybe we might hook up another time or two, maybe when both teams are in the same hotel on a road trip. But did I think there was anything more to it? No."
Her eyes focused on mine. "And what about now?"
"Nothing's really changed," I said. "The only difference is that I'm into a girl she has a relationship with. I would like to know how much deeper that goes before things go much farther between you and I, but if you're asking me if you and her having sex together is a problem for me, then the answer is no."
She smiled and nodded.
"I'm glad to hear that," she said. I thought the subject had dropped, but after a few moments of silence, she brought it back up. "I know you said you didn't think there was a chance of anything between you and Taylor, but let me ask a different question. Do you like her?"
I understood. I'd basically said I had some feelings for Beth, and I sensed that she had some for me, too. But I'd also been intimate with a good friend of hers -- at least -- recently, so she wanted to make sure there was no threat. I tried to respond as emphatically as I could.
"As a friend? Sure," I said. "As more than that? No. I have no feelings for her."
I thought that would satisfy her, but she frowned instead.
"But could you?" she asked.
"Could I what?"
"Could you develop feelings for her?" she asked. "Could you see yourself feeling the same way about her that you do about me?"
This was getting to be a bit much. I'd already told her I didn't have feelings for Taylor. I wasn't sure how much clearer I could be.
"Beth, what is this about?" I asked. "I've always been a stand-up guy. Like I said, I've never been anything but honest, and I'm telling you the truth now. You have nothing to worry about."
"I know that, Travis, and I'm not worried," she said.
"And besides," I continued. "I don't know what you and Taylor are, but it's pretty obvious that she at least cares about you a lot. So why do you think she would be willing to hurt you, even if I was?"
She looked as confused as I was for a moment, but then she broke into a huge smile. "Just kiss me again."
I wanted to understand, but I also wasn't the world's biggest fucking idiot, so I did as she asked. It wasn't exactly a French kiss, but our tongues touched just briefly before I pulled away.
"What exactly is going on between the two of you, anyway?" I asked.
"It wouldn't be fair to answer that without Taylor being here," she said.
"Okay," I said. "Look, I'm fine with just going with the flow for now, Beth. But I told you -- I'm honest. I don't have a ton of experience with relationships, but I know that anyone I'd even think about getting serious with has to be the same."
"I understand," she said. "I'm not going to hide anything from you. Just wait for Taylor to come back, and we can all get together and talk, ok?"
I agreed. We packed up the picnic stuff and I drove her back to the off-campus apartment she and Taylor shared. Beth asked me in, but much to both our surprises, I declined.
"Don't get me wrong," I said. "I want to. If you were someone else, I definitely would."
"So, then...?" she asked.
"Different, remember?" I asked. "This feels different, so I should probably act differently."
She blushed, which turned me on something fierce.
"I had a great time today, Travis," she said.
"So did I," I agreed. "And I want to do it again as soon as possible, ok?"
I leaned in to give her what I had planned to be a simple, chaste kiss on the lips. Beth had other ideas, wrapping a hand behind my head and pulling me in for a longer, steamier kiss instead. Our tongues definitely got involved this time, and when we were finished, she was panting and my cock was hard as granite.
"Ss... see you in class Monday?" she asked, clearly flustered.
"I wouldn't miss it."
**************
"So where's Chet tonight?" Jamar asked. I parked as close to the bar I could, giving Jamar, Lex and myself a two-block walk. We were meeting a few of our other teammates at one of the popular night spots in town. Normally Chet was our fourth wheel, but--
"He has a date," Lex answered.
"Really?" Jamar asked. He'd already had a couple beers at the house. I'd had maybe half of one, but since I was driving, I let Jamar finish mine, too. "That boy asked a girl out on a date?" That was news to me, too.
"No, actually," Lex said.
"I told her she'd have to ask him," I said. "She did it, huh?"
"Sorta," Lex said. "We were sitting around earlier today, I'm kicking his ass at Call of Duty, and there's a knock at the door. He answered it, but I did most of the talking. She said she came over to kidnap Chet, but since I was the only one talking to her, maybe I wanted to go instead. That got his ass in gear. I dunno where they went, but he texted a while ago and said they were going out."
"Wait, wait," Jamar said. "I miss something?"
"Chet met one of my friends the other night after we beat VMI," I said. "He liked her, and she was into him, too. I told her she'd have to make the first move."
"And she did," Lex finished. "You're all done with that, right?" He was looking at me now.
"Yeah," I said. "Of course. Was just a one-time thing, anyway. You think Chet would be mad if he knew I got there first?"
"Nah," Lex said. "Pretty sure he knows that anyway. As long as you're not going back."
"Nope," I said. "She knows that, too."
"Good, good." We got into the club, and there were people everywhere. It was Saturday night, and with the improved weather, the girls were out in force and not wearing a whole lot of anything. Usually, the place had live music on the weekends, but tonight there was a DJ and the dance floor was packed.
Jamar went to go do his thing on the floor. Lex wasn't going to dance until his girlfriend arrived, and I wasn't much for dancing anyway, but finding a table was impossible, so we hung out near the bar. A few teammates found us, and we stood around bullshitting for the better part of an hour. Everyone else hit the sauce pretty hard, but I limited myself to one beer.
Lex's girlfriend, Anita, showed up a little before midnight. She was a tall, black girl from St. Lucia, in the Caribbean, at Atlantic on an academic scholarship. She and Lex were both computer science majors, and to hear him tell it, she was the only student in the program who could keep up with him.
She'd brought a friend, and after a few minutes of chatting, the girls led us out onto the dance floor and into the mob of writhing flesh. The more talented and graceful people found just enough room to do actual dance moves, while the rest of us just kinda swayed to the beat and tried not to get run over. I danced with Anita's friend for a little while, but other guys had taken an interest in her, which was fine with me. I started to slowly dance my way back to the rest of my teammates when I felt a tug on my arm.
"Hey, fire drill buddy," a sexy voice slurred behind me. "Where y'goin'?"
"Hi, Laci," I said, suddenly motivated to stay on the floor. None of the girls in here were wearing a whole lot, but Laci's little black dress was just that -- little, with just enough fabric to tell it was black. It was so short that with better lighting, I might have been able to tell if she was wearing panties. I could tell she'd already been dancing a while, because locks of her dark hair were plastered to her forehead and her face was flushed. Some of that could have been the alcohol.
I made a show out of letting her drag me back on the floor, but with her in this mood, that's where I wanted to be anyway. "Run into any of our football players tonight?"
Her face flared up. "Fuck them," she said.
"Eh, I think I'll pass," I said. "You have a better offer?"
She grinned at me. "Mayyyybe..."
We danced together, and by danced, I mean we let the music set the rhythm we used to grind our bodies together. She was on our dance team, so I knew she could throw out much better moves if she wanted. That would have involved her body being more than a quarter-inch from mine, though, and neither of us was interested in that at the moment.
Sometimes it was sensual -- she would disappear into the music for a few seconds, rocking her body against mine with her eyes closed and a faint smile playing on her crimson-painted lips. Other times, it was downright lewd -- she'd turn her back to me and lean forward, thrusting her luscious ass against my crotch.
During the last song, she danced as close to me as she could without wrapping her legs around my waist. Sometimes she'd press her waist against my cock, and I could feel the heat from her pussy against my upper thigh, and sometimes she'd just rub her hand up and down the length of my cock while we danced. I wasn't shy either -- when they weren't confirming (and reconfirming) that she'd gone braless, my hands were vigorously squeezing and kneading her ass.
After maybe a half hour of our live reenactment of Dirty Dancing, she pulled me off the floor and toward the bar. At first I thought she just wanted another drink, but she kept going past the bar, through a door and into the kitchen. Before anyone noticed us, she pushed another door open and we spilled out into the alley.
"Laci, what--?"
"Shh," she said. "I owe you a 'thank you,' remember?"
With that, she shoved her tongue down my throat. Her lips tasted like equal parts Jose Cuervo and Captain Morgan. She forced her hand into my shorts and stroked my cock through my boxers. She pulled back from the kiss and pushed me against the wall with her free hand.
"Feels like somebody's ready for me to pay up," she mewled, licking her lips. I could see her flushed cheeks in the dim light of the alley as she sank to her knees in front of me. She unzipped my shorts, and my cock sprang out through the opening.
"Very nice," she purred. Her pink tongue darted out from between her cherry lips and teased the tip before licking its way down the underside of my cock. She swiped her tongue across my balls briefly, then slowly worked her way back to the tip. When she sucked half my cock into her mouth, I groaned.
"Mmm," she hummed around my dick. She pulled off briefly to say, "You like that, do you?" before taking me right back in.
Laci's motions were a bit sloppy and uncoordinated, but I chalked that up to the alcohol. Besides, what she lacked in sobriety she more than made up for with enthusiasm, moaning each time my cock found the back of her throat.
"Gimme your shirt," she said, pulling off my cock.
"Huh?"
"You cushioned my fall yesterday," she said. "I need another cushion now."
She was kneeling directly on the concrete, which couldn't be comfortable. I quickly ripped off my polo shirt and handed it to her. She bunched it up and tucked it under her knees, then quickly got back to it. She was enthusiastic before, but with a softer surface to kneel on, she was downright ravenous now. She made exaggerated slurping noises on each trip down, and she made eye contact with me each time she pulled off.
Her barely-there dress afforded me an outstanding view of her tits, bare inside the fabric, and thinking about how those tits would feel wrapped around my cock pushed me over the edge.
"Fuck!" I called out, unconcerned about a possible audience. "Gonna cum, Laci."
"Mmmm," she hummed again. She didn't pull me out, so I took that as permission.
"FUUUCK," I groaned, my fingers tightening in her hair as I shot my cum into her mouth. She didn't stop bobbing up and down until I was finally finished, then she opened her mouth to show me that she'd swallowed it all.
"All clean!" she beamed.
"Your turn," I growled. She gasped as I grabbed her and turned her back to me before pushing her up against the wall. My left hand went down the front of her dress to maul her tits, and my right went up underneath, between her legs. She was wearing panties, but it was a stringy thong that I easily pushed to the side.
"Oh, fuck," she moaned. "Won't take me long."
"Good," I replied. "I gave you mine, now you have to give me yours."
I quickly found her left nipple and pinched it, rolling it between my thumb and index finger as my right hand massaged her pussy. I didn't want to tease her, but I was sure as soon as my fingers brushed her clit, she was done for, and I wanted to extend this little rendezvous at least a little bit longer.
My hand was dripping when I pushed two fingers into her cunt.
"FUCK ME!!!" she shouted.
"Plenty of time for that later," I quipped as I fingered her. I released her nipple, instead palming her entire left breast and squeezing. Both hands were occupied but my mouth was free, so I leaned down and gently nibbled on her left earlobe.
"What the fuck is going on down there?" a voice called out. It made me freeze momentarily, but Laci either didn't hear or just ignored it, because she kept rocking her body with the rhythm I'd set before my fingers stopped moving.
I looked toward the voice and saw a brick wall of a bouncer at the front of the alley, just around the corner from the bar's front door. He started making his way toward us.
"Just taking care of my lady friend here," I said as casually as I could manage. I started fingering her again, more gently than before.
"Not back here, you're not," he said. "I'd lose my job if the owner or the cops found out there were people fucking back here."
As he got closer, it became even more obvious that this was someone I probably didn't want to mess with. He was a little taller than me, maybe 6-2 or 6-3, but outweighed me by 100 pounds and looked like he lived behind the free weights at the local Gold's Gym.
"If it helps, we're not exactly fucking," I offered.
"Please," Laci mewled, my first indication that she even knew we had an audience. "I'm so close."
He was about to speak, but I added my voice to plead her case.
"C'mon, man," I said. "Who are we hurting out here? No one else is around, and I can guarantee you it won't take me another minute."
His hard face faltered a bit.
"You can turn your back and make sure no one else comes back here, we'll finish up, and no one will ever know."
I could see the gears turning in his head.
"Or, you can come help us out," Laci breathed, gasping as I hit a sensitive spot inside her pussy.
The man broke into a wide grin, and I knew we were in the clear. He didn't help, but he didn't exactly turn his back either, walking toward us until he was maybe three feet away. I didn't wait for him to say anything else -- I started sawing back into Laci's pussy again, this time with a purpose. Occasionally, the bouncer looked around to make sure no one else joined us, but mostly, he just stared at Laci as I worked her over, top and bottom.
I wouldn't have minded if he'd decided to jump in -- that wasn't the kind of threesome my pledge task called for, but it still might have been fun. He did nothing but look, though, and I could tell Laci's pot was boiling over.
I rotated my hand underneath her, shoving my thumb into her pussy and attacking her clit with my middle finger. Her legs immediately clamped shut around my hand.
"HOL--" Laci cried out as her orgasm overtook her. She never got the rest out because the bouncer clamped his hand over her mouth. She finished that expletive and shouted out several more, but they all died in his palm.
When she was finished shaking, I pulled my hands away from her and helped her adjust her dress. The bouncer grabbed my shirt off the ground and tossed it to me, and I pulled it on.
"You guys sure you don't want to fuck me, right here?" she asked.
"I'd love to," I said. "But I think we pushed this guy about as far as he'll go."
He nodded. "I shouldn't have let you guys do this much. You guys either need to go back inside or go home."
"Aww," Laci said with a pout, but we walked with the bouncer up the alley and back to the front door.
"Appreciate your discretion," I said, bumping fists with him.
"No worries," he said. Then he made sure he had both of our attentions and added, "Thanks for the show. That'll definitely turn my boyfriend on when I tell him all about it later."
I couldn't help it -- I laughed out loud. Laci's eyes went wide for a few seconds, but she turned it into a grin.
"You should have tried me out," she said. "I could have changed your mind."
"Maybe," he said. Laci and I went back into the bar. I could have taken her home and torn her up, but that would have done nothing for my little scavenger hunt. I deposited her with her friends, promising I'd see her in class on Tuesday.
"You better," she said. "I'm not done with you yet, Mister."
I was counting on it.
********************
First thing Sunday morning, I sent an e-mail to the frat.
Frat Folks--
The task e-mail says that the public venue for objective 6 will be specified sometime later in the semester, via e-mail. I have someone in mind to satisfy that requirement, so let me know where you want it to happen.
TT
I went on a 2-mile run to the on-campus gym, put in my usual Sunday 2-hour workout, then ran the two miles back to the my house. No response.
I put the finishing touches on a 16-page report for my Adapted Physical Activity class, then plowed through the next four accounting assignments to get all my homework finished through our next road trip. Still no response.
The Braves' Spring Training game was on TV, so I went to a local sports bar with Lex and Danny, our catcher, and watched that. When I got home -- yep, still no response.
I was beginning to feel like an anxious schoolgirl, checking my e-mail every 10 minutes hoping they'd sent me instructions. Still, by the time my head hit the pillow that night, I'd received nothing.
The following morning in Motor Skills, I tried to pry details out of Lexi about her weekend with Chet, but she wouldn't tell me anything besides 'we had fun.' I was pretty sure by the dreamy expression on her face that their 'fun' had involved the bedroom. If Vegas had taken action on which of us would get laid next after our locker-room rendezvous the week before, I would have put my entire life savings on me, but I was pretty sure I'd be a poor man now. At least there was no awkwardness between she and I -- we still flirted and made pointed references to our little tryst while we were working on our lesson plans for our swim sessions.
The soccer coaching class was even better, as I had two women to flirt with, instead of just one. I still had no idea what was going on between Beth and Taylor, but neither seemed to care that I flirted with both of them openly. I toned it down some with Taylor -- as uptight as Beth was about my history with Taylor, even another casual hookup could be harmful for anything I might have with Beth. With Beth, though, I was even more explicit and suggestive than I normally am. Neither girl got offended -- in fact, they gave as good as they got, both to each other and to me.
We made plans to meet for lunch after our Wednesday class, presumably so someone could tell me what the fuck I was getting myself into, and then we went our separate ways -- Taylor to the gym for a workout, Beth to a study group for a different class, and me to a meeting with my advisor in the Physical Education office about some transfer credits from my military days. It didn't take long, and I was on my way out of the office when I felt a hand on my arm.
"Hey, J.D.," I said. "What's going on, man?"
"Not much," he answered. "Just hadn't seen you around in a few days." J.D. King was an associate professor in the department, but he'd never taught any of my classes. I knew him because he doubled as the building manager, and the building included all the intramural basketball courts and on-campus gyms. I played a little pick-up hoops before baseball practice started, and he was usually around somewhere when the team came in to lift extra weights after practice.
"Yeah, I guess you've been out the last couple times I've come in to lift," I said. "All this intramural craziness keeping you busy? What sports do you guys even have during the spring?"
"Well, we have baseball, softball and rugby, but those are all outdoors. The only thing we have indoors is roller hockey."
"Ah," I said, wondering what he needed. We were friendly, but we weren't exactly buddies, so I was hoping he'd get to the point.
"That's actually why I stopped you," he said. "Our roller hockey tournament is tomorrow night, and I thought you might want to stop by."
What?
"Uh, thanks man," I said, bewildered as all fuck now. "But, uh, hockey isn't really my thing. Ice, roller, field or other."
"Yeah, well, I just wanted to let you know. We're running it until late night; I think the last game is supposed to start around 11. Can't imagine there'll be that many people around. Admission is free, so you can bring your friend."
"O...k," I said. He left the office while I stood there confused. He'd just gone out of his way to tell me about something happening with a sport I didn't like. Hell, he and I had never even talked about hockey before, but he just wanted to 'let me know?' And bring my friend? Did he seriously think I only had one?
What the hell had just happened?
"Hey, J.D.," I said, sprinting out of the office to catch up with him. "Not trying to be a dick here, but... why did you tell me about that?"
"You know, I must have some bad information," he said, but his facial expressions didn't match his words -- he looked like he knew exactly what he was talking about. "Someone told me you were looking for a place to hang out with one of your friends."
He stared at me, refusing to break eye contact before I did. Finally, the light bulb went on, and I blinked.
"Yeah, actually, I am," I said. "I just didn't know you knew about that. Thanks for the tip."
"No problem," he said, and walked away again. I thought about asking him who'd told him about it, but remembered the e-mail's explicit instructions not to ask questions.
If there was any doubt in my mind what he'd just told me, a quick check of my e-mail confirmed it. There was just one new message, and it was short and to the point.
Pledge Temple,
Have fun.
CAU AKP
******************
J.D. had said roller hockey -- in my estimation, it was more like rugby on roller blades.
I got to the gym around 10:30 the following night and staked out a spot near the door on the upper level of bleachers. My plans for the evening called for being as far from the action as possible, and I was glad -- there was less chance of getting splattered by blood that way.
They'd rolled out a plastic tile floor to cover the basketball court, and guys were skating back and forth, pretending to chase a plastic puck but basically just body-checking and high-sticking each other whenever they got a chance. There was a referee, but he was too busy saving himself to do any actual officiating. An athletic trainer had to be present at all intramural events to make the lawyers happy, but here, I was hoping they had an ambulance on standby. Maybe a couple of EMTs. And a priest, too.
I stopped paying attention when Laci walked in. It was a cool night, so she was wearing a windbreaker and warmup pants with the CAU dance team logo on them, but I knew what kind of body she was hiding underneath. The other times I'd seen her she'd been dressed up and wearing lots of makeup, but seeing her tonight, all scrubbed down with her hair still wet from a late-night shower, I wondered why she put in the effort. She was attractive normally, but tonight, she was downright sexy.
She stopped and took in some of the on-court action for a few moments, then with a shake of her head, she looked into the bleachers and spotted me. She'd blushed a little when she saw me that morning in class, but tonight she was all confidence, strutting toward me with poise and purpose. I hadn't given her details of my plan, simply telling her after class that if she wanted to have some more fun, to meet me here tonight. She'd agreed with a big smile, and based on the look on her face, she knew what I had in mind.
"So, my secret's out, huh?" Laci asked, sitting down next to me. "You figured out that I'm a bit of a freak?"
"You kinda hit me over the head with it," I replied with a laugh. "Not that I'm complaining. Speaking of that, you were pretty fucking outstanding the other night, and I never got a chance to say thanks."
"You're welcome," she said. "You were pretty amazing yourself. I just wish..."
"... we could have gone all the way?"
"Exactly," she said. "I've always wanted to give a blowjob behind that bar, but the times I've tried before, I either lost my nerve or the guy was too scared to let me. You not only let me, but you really got into it, and then you got me off, too. Call me an exhibitionist, but I love to do things in public. I would have fucked you right there in the alley if that bouncer hadn't shown up."
"Or if he hadn't been gay," I said, and we laughed about that for the next few moments.
"So, what's the plan here?" she asked. "Are we going to go down there and suit up, maybe find a way to fuck during the game?"
"With all the UFC shit going on down there, I'm not sure anyone would notice," I laughed. "But, no... I was planning on having my way with you right here."
"That sounds awesome," she said, leaning over to kiss me. There was no fruity lip gloss this time, and her lips tasted even better without it. "Are you sure we won't get caught?"
"I didn't think you would care," I answered. "You weren't worried about an audience the other night."
"I was drunk," she said. "I'm not that worried about it now, but I'd rather not get kicked out of school."
"In that case, I'm pretty sure we'll be fine, but no, I can't guarantee no one will see," I said. "But that's part of what's got you dripping wet, right? Isn't it?"
She leaned in for another kiss, and this time I pulled her onto my lap. There wasn't much of a crowd to begin with, and most of it was down on the lower level anyway. There were a few people in the upper bleachers, but they were down closer to the rail and far off to our left. If we kept things contained and relatively quiet, I figured the chances of anyone noticing us were slim. Still, I had a raging hard-on, and while the girl on my lap was largely responsible for it, the thought that someone might see us was a huge turn-on for me, too.
"You're overdressed," I muttered into her mouth.
"Had to walk down the hill from the dorms," she said, scooting off so she could remedy the situation. "It's a bit chilly outside, but it's warming up pretty quickly."
Her outer clothes out of the way, she was left wearing a flimsy yellow tank top and a white tennis skirt. The twin pebbles sticking out from her smallish tits told me she wasn't wearing a bra, and I was guessing the same applied below the waist.
"I see somebody came prepared," I said as she sat down on my lap again, only this time facing toward the court with her back to me.
"You never know when you might bump into some hot guy in the gym who wants to fuck your brains out."
I didn't answer. I spread her skirt out around my waist, then fished my cock out through the hole in the front of my shorts. She reached underneath herself and gripped it, lining me up with her snatch. Before she even slid me inside, I could tell I was right -- she was dripping and on fire.
"No strings, right?" she asked, picking an odd time to look over her shoulder and ask me that particular question. We were too deep into the game at this point -- even if I'd told her my next step was to ask her to marry me, I doubt she would have been able to get up and walk away. "Nothing long-term?"
Luckily, I had an answer she'd like to hear.
"Depends on your definition of long-term," I said. "I don't have a class until 10 tomorrow, so I was thinking of wearing your sexy little ass out until the sun comes up."
She moaned and licked her lips.
"But besides that, no. No strings."
That was all she needed to hear. She let go of my cock and sank down, taking me all the way to the root in maybe 30 seconds. She was no virgin, but she was significantly tighter than I expected. I buried my face in her back and groaned, and she used my hand to muffle her scream.
"Fuck, that's big," she said.
I expected her to slowly slide up and down on my cock, but instead, she put her dancing skills to good use. She slowly rocked her body, the undulation beginning in her toes and finishing in her shoulders before starting its way back down. It was as if her entire body was being overwhelmed by a slow wave. Each time the wave passed the junction between us, she rose and fell maybe 2-3 inches on my cock.
It was one of the most erotic things I'd ever felt, but I knew neither of us would cum from it. There simply wasn't enough movement involved -- even if anyone had been watching, I'm not sure they'd have noticed her moving unless they were up close.
Still, I didn't want her to stop, and for the next 10 minutes, she didn't. I pulled the back of her tank top up and rubbed up and down her back, enjoying the way her skin rippled with each movement. Even in a mostly static position, I could tell she had the grace and balance of a ballet dancer.
"That's fucking amazing, Laci," I muttered in her ear.
"It is," she moaned back. "But I need you to fuck me now."
She leaned forward now, putting her hands on her knees and taking some of her weight off me. It was just enough that I could thrust up into her, and the first time I bottomed out, she cried out.
"Careful," I said. The hockey players were making enough noise to cover for us, but only if we kept it to a normal conversational level. I kept pushing into her, and with both her hands occupied, I was amazed that she didn't cry out again. She managed to keep things quiet, but when she turned around and looked at me, I could see her pleading with her eyes -- she needed to be vocal. I could sympathize -- her pussy was doing wonderful things to my cock, and I wanted to express my pleasure, too.
In my periphery, I noticed the scoreboard clock ticking down. There were only 25 seconds left in the period, and I got an idea.
"The clock," I said, and she looked back at me again. "The referee's whistle. The clock."
That's all I could manage to get out between strokes, but she swung her head around to the scoreboard. I gradually picked up my pace as the clock counted down, and when it dropped under five seconds, I started pumping up into her as hard as I could. When it hit zero, I could feel her scream out through my cock -- but I could barely hear her, because the referee's whistle and the scoreboard buzzer were so loud. No one turned to look at us, and I stopped thrusting as she settled back down.
"Did you cum?" I asked quietly.
"A little mini-orgasm," she said. "But I want so much fucking more."
"Give 'em a second to start playing again," I said. It took about a minute, but the game resumed, and the noise level went back up.
"I'm going to turn around," she said, quickly standing up and dropping back onto my lap before anyone could see my wet cock waving lewdly in the air. We locked lips again, and she gripped my cock and rubbed it back and forth over her clit several times, groaning into my mouth each time.
"Laci, if anyone looks up here, it's going to be painfully obvious what's going on," I said.
"Same as before," she grunted.
"Not really," I said. "Before, it looked like you were watching the game. From afar, it probably looked like a girlfriend just sitting on her boyfriend's lap to get a better view. Isn't really another way to interpret this."
"I don't care," she said, pushing her hips up and impaling herself on my cock once again.
With my dick sheathed inside her tight tunnel, I wasn't really up for arguing anymore. She started pistoning up and down on my cock, and while her movements weren't overly exaggerated, she was clearly moving this time, unlike her subtle undulations from before. I could keep her quiet with a combination of my tongue and hand, but if someone looked up here, there was no way we wouldn't be in deep shit.
One look at her face, though, told me she didn't give a damn. So there was really only one way to do this: as quickly as possible.
"That's fine, you kinky little slut," I muttered into her ear. Her brown eyes fired up nicely at that, and her face flushed a little more. "You want to be a whore and fuck me in front of the entire college? Fine. Fuck me. Work that tight little naughty pussy up and down on my cock."
Unless you've done it with that specific woman before, you're always taking a small chance when you start calling her names, even if she's told you she's okay with it. The idea of being called a dirty name, and actually hearing it from a man's lips, are two different things.
Still, I didn't think Laci would mind, and after a second or two of glaring at me, her smile widened right before she dropped her head back onto my shoulder. I took that as my cue to keep going, and using what little sexual experience I had with her, I pushed as hard as I could.
"That's it, Laci," I said. "I bet you want people to see us. You want all those guys down there to stop playing their little game and notice the hot little slut taking a huge cock up in the cheap seats. Don't you?"
I tugged on her hair just enough to get her to look up at me. She nodded and moaned something that sounded like a positive.
"I bet you wish they'd stop their game and come up here and help me out, don't you?" I continued. "You'd let one fuck you in the ass, suck two of them off, maybe get two more off with your hands."
She kissed me hard and moaned as soon as my tongue passed between her lips. I shoved both hands under her tank top and grabbed twin handfuls of her tits, squeezing them hard and earning me another moan. Her pace quickened, removing any semblance of pretending to be doing something else. The only thing stopping this from being a full-on porno movie in a public place was her skirt, which I hoped still blocked the view of the real action.
"Maybe you're into girls too, huh?" I asked. "All that time in the locker room with your dance squad girls, I'll bet you've taken a peek, haven't you? Maybe one of the hockey players' girlfriends can come up here, and she can shove her tits in your face instead."
I honestly didn't know if she was into girls or not, but the words were coming out now, fast and furious.
"Not just her tits. She could bend over in front of you, and you could eat her pussy while I fucked yours hard. Hmm? You like that?"
Apparently she did, because she slammed down really, really hard on my hips one last time and screamed into my mouth. I felt her juices flood out of her pussy, around my cock and onto my shorts as she came even harder than she had in the alley behind the bar.
Eventually she settled down, and I was able to take a look around. No one in the upper level had seen anything, or if they had, they hadn't called attention to us. The game seemed to be proceeding as usual. It seemed crazy to me that no one had noticed two people fucking no more than a couple hundred feet away, but that seemed to be the case.
"You didn't cum?" she asked when she had enough air in her lungs.
"No," I said. "I was too busy putting pictures in your head."
"That was fucking hot," she said. "I'm not even into girls, but right there at the end, I wanted nothing more than to lick some chick's pussy."
"That was the idea," I chuckled. She started rotating her hips around my still-engorged cock, but I figured we'd tempted fate enough.
"Not here," I said, lifting her up and off my cock. She was still straddling my legs, so no one else could see me force my cock back into my shorts.
"Aw," she said. "I was playing with that."
"I said not here," I said. "I didn't say not in this building. There's a bathroom right out in the hall, and I bet it's empty."
She shot me a classic "come and fuck me" look -- somehow even sexier since I'd just done exactly that -- and got up quickly, grabbed her outer clothes and headed down the bleachers. The stains around my crotch were obvious, but I didn't give a fuck. I waited until she was out the door before I stood up to follow her.
I took one last look to make sure no one had noticed. No matter how improbable that seemed, it looked like--
Wait.
I saw her staring at me from across the gym. She was in the lower tier of seats, a few rows behind the team benches. At first, I thought she must be one of the players' girlfriends, but when I looked closer, I realized that wasn't the case. Even when I locked eyes with her, she didn't look away. I'd only seen her one other time, and I had a clearer picture of her ass than her face, but I knew exactly whose girlfriend she was:
My fraternity president's.
My mind filled with a million questions -- what the fuck was Jamie doing here, for starters -- and I wondered briefly if I'd just blown the whole thing. I didn't really know what to do, but then she really fried my brain:
She flashed me the thumbs-up sign from across the gym.
Wait. What?
Well, whatever. Standing there wasn't going to do me any good, so I gave her a little wave and walked away. The frat said not to ask any questions, and I guess that included the president's girlfriend. Either way, my cock was ready to chop down a sequoia, and there was a girl not 50 feet away who was more than willing to give it a softer, more comfortable option.
When I got to the bathroom, Laci was bent over the sink with her skirt pulled up above her waist. I wasted little time dropping my shorts and boxers.
"What took so long?" she asked. "Was starting to think you'd lost interest."
"Not hardly," I said, sliding up behind her and sticking two fingers into her soaked pussy. "I saw someone I knew across the gym."
She gasped. "Did they see us... ya know?" she asked.
"I'd guess she did, yeah," I said. "But she gave me a thumbs-up, so, I think we're okay."
With that, I pulled my fingers out and replaced them with my cock, slamming all eight inches home with one thrust.
"MORE THAN OK!! FUCK!!" Laci shouted. Luckily this bathroom was on the second floor, and most of the people in the building were on the first floor. "Sorry," she added in a softer tone.
"No worries," I said. "I'm not gonna last very long, so scream all you want, because I'm gonna be cumming all over this tight, sexy ass soon."
"Fuck, yeah, Travis," she moaned. "Fuck my pussy. I've had to do all the work so far. Now take me."
I gripped her hips and plowed into her with reckless abandon, sliding very easily back into that zone where I didn't give two shits if someone walked in and caught us. The slapping of my hips against her ass echoed off the bare, plaster walls, and when I spanked both ass cheeks, that just added to the effect.
"Fuck. Yes." she chanted between each stroke. "Spank. My. Fucking. Ass. Please."
Please? Well, okay then. I let her have it even harder, and both cheeks were bright pink in short order.
I didn't get the chance to do much more. She starting bucking her ass back against me as her arms and shoulders tensed up, and when I felt her juices flood my cock once more, I lost it.
"Cumming!" I shouted, pulling out and letting loose. The first shot landed right on her little pink rosebud, but she quickly spun around and grabbed my cock, emptying the rest onto her upper stomach, her tits and the tank top she'd pushed above them. I came for more than 30 seconds, and when I was done, she sank to the ground.
"Holy fuck!" she exclaimed. "I think that's more than the other day."
"I've been worked up for an hour now," I managed, still fighting to draw a full, deep breath.
We cleaned up together and exited into a deserted hallway. Since the game was now over, there were a few people in the downstairs corridors, but Jamie wasn't among them.
"So, was that line about wearing me out until morning just hot air?" Laci asked when we made it outside into the brisk night air.
"You said you had to walk down the hill to get here," I replied. I pointed at one of the dorm towers. "Down that hill?"
She nodded.
"Then let's go."
We didn't even make it back to her room. Halfway up the hill, I pushed her up against the fence, knelt down and crawled under her skirt and tongued her clean-shaven pussy until she coated my face with her juices. We did get back to her dorm after that, but the door was barely closed before she had my pants around my ankles, reenacting her spectacular blowjob from the weekend.
Her favorite position was doggy-style, so we did that on her bed. I wanted to test her flexibility, so she locked her legs behind her head and I pounded her into submission on her roommate's bed. She sat on the edge of her desk and I fucked her standing up. She rode me both front and back on the floor in front of her closet, and she got herself off twice more. The night finally ended back on her bed, where I fucked her straight missionary style for more than 15 minutes before I exploded all over her pussy and inner thighs.
She was passed out cold when I left. We hadn't quite made it to sunrise, but it came up not long after I went to sleep in my own bed.
Thanks for reading! Votes, comments, feedback, etc... I don't do the Patreon thing, so the only way to support me is to tell me what you think!