After a moment lost in the indeterminate state between sleep and wakefulness, John blinked one eye half-open. He felt warm and happy, and quite a bit warmer than usual. "Strange ..."he thought drowsily, his brain still sleep-fogged.
He closed his eyes again and dreamily enjoyed his body's languorous state.
His arms ached, but nicely. There was a slight tingle in his thighs, like he'd had a longish run the night before.
"Oh God! Last night!Did it really happen?"
The memories came crashing and tumbling through his mind, hot image chasing lusty image through his rapidly awakening mind. Realization came fast.
The images were still colour fresh in his mind, and boy, what images they were. His body was still feeling the after effects. "No wonder my balls feel so nicely relaxed — and my cock feels so alive and full,"he reflected.
A few seconds of flipping through his mental album had obvious results. As his eyes opened fully, his penis reached full rock—hard erection. The heat from his morning piss almost burned.
No wonder the bed is warm, the working part of his brain observed. His half of the bed was caught by warm sunlight. A dark head that faced away from him topped the other half. It was connected to shrouded lumps and curves.
Looking towards a noise at the door, he saw Jana walk into the bedroom. She was naked.
The awakening part of his brain seared fully awake as his eyes locked onto the tight "v"shape at the junction of her thighs. A hint of slit showed through at the very bottom. "Holy Shit! That looks good," he thought.
She looked like a Venus goddess as she swayed over to the bed. Her skin glowed in the morning sunlight as it streamed through the wide open curtains.
She blasted him with a wonderful fun-filled laughing smile.
"And Dawn? Where is she?"He sleepily wondered.
"Jana is here in my bedroom, naked,"he thought, making a deliberate effort to think clearly and logically. "But where is Dawn?"
Then, "Oh! Hot damn!She looks good!"Jana's naked presence was playing havoc on his mind.
His efforts at clear thought collapsed as the confused thoughts tumbled over each other in his feverish brain. His mind overheated. His burning penis didn't help, the built-up piss refusing to go away. No doubt Jana could see the tent erected below his waist.
Jana. So fucking beautiful. Gorgeous, actually. So sexy and so his fiancée's best friend. And so uninhibitedly and wetly sexy when she came. He groaned.
She was so NUDE in his bedroom. Her nipples were sooo pink and hard and so BIG!
"Hey you! I see you are awake. Kiss a lonely girl?"She asked with a playful voice, looking at him teasingly.
Without waiting for an answer, she knelt beside the bed, arms going around his naked chest. She leaned in close and gave him a warm, loving and freshly brushed minty kiss.
His arms crushed the soft warm body to him, the heat in his burning cock translating to exquisite pleasure. He could have shot his load right then. It was a wonderful way to wake up.
"Uhmmhhh..."The kiss turned to a sexy half hug as he pulled her upper body close onto his. She acquiesced gracefully, ending up pressed tight against his chest.
"Her ass must be invitingly stuck out,"he imagined. His cock throbbed.
But he really had to pee.
Somehow, she knew.
She asked,"Can I watch —, as you...you know...pee?"
He had somehow known that she would ask.
His straining cock caught the sunlight when he threw off the covers. Her fingers found it and stroked the warm column gently. He moaned.
"Let's go,"she ordered. Her grip was firm on his warm flesh as she led him up off the bed.
They walked in together into the bathroom and stood side by side next to the bowl. Her eyes were glued onto his swollen rod.
She licked her lips."Let me hold it,"she begged.
"Mmmhh... You will need to be careful. It is difficult to aim it when it's so hard."
"Lemme try. Please?"
"Uhm...OK. But I need to move back a little bit—..., so I can, uhm... lean forward and brace myself against the wall. Uhm—..., you know, so I can...uhhmm..., aim—"
Jana's finger's were warm around his burning shaft. Legs spread wide-open, palms against the wall, John waited, looking down. His big head was swollen, purple, poking out through the half circle made by the pretty fingers.
"Ready?"Her voice did funny things to him, making his penis twitch.
"Uh Uh."He felt it as Jana steadied her aim, tugging the erect penis down and a bit to the side. She giggled.
A longish moment passed as he pushed.
Then it came, preceeded by John's groan."Unghhhh..."The thick hot stream hit the water-trap dead centre, frothing it into white foam.
"Ahhhhh...,"the relief of release flowed through John and drew Jana to move up closer to his side. She carefully used her other hand to hold and steady the aim as she changed her grip so it was palm upwards.
Pulling lightly on the shaft, she shifted its aim so it pointed lower down and she could feel the pull of the strong muscle.
The stream was loud in the enclosed space. Rising up on her tiptoes, she moved her lips up to nuzzle against his neck. Her left nipple grazed his naked side.
"Does it feel good?"
"Ahhhhh..."
"That good, huh?She giggled.
"This is naughty...nice,"she said with a smile.
Then, biting her lower lip as she concentrated to avoid losing her aim, she started to slowly pump the thick penis. John bucked forward, fucking downward into her palm as she worked the shaft softly. His groans increased as he pushed out the hot piss. He enjoyed the double pleasure as she slowly masturbated him.
It was a long, thick stream. John was moaning loudly by the time it started to slow down. His cock remained rock-hard.
They waited as the strong stream flowed, listening as the hiss filling the room slowly died down.
Jana looked down onto John's fat cock in her grasp. Sparks shot through her pussy as she imagined it filling her.
"John?"
"Yeah...?"
"I want you to fuck me."
"Uh?"
"Now."
He sucked in his breath in a sharp gasp."Ahh!"
"Just put this thing into me and fuck me. I want you to fuck me as Dawn sleeps next to us,"she insisted.
He didn't need to answer. His hot penis gave his answer in her warm grip.
She pulled him back into the bedroom, soft hand wrapped around the cock she wanted inside her hot sex. John, behind her, watched as her plump, shapely ass jiggled and shook with each step. He could see the round swell of her ass protectively built around the deep crack. His cock's aim was perfect, inadvertently centered by her pulling fingers.
She climbed smoothly onto the bed, like a full bodied cat, careful not to awaken the sleeping Dawn. John watched as she unfolded her lush curves onto the bed and sprawled her thighs wide open.
She held her arms wide open."Come here and fuck me,"she invited.
She was asking for it! It hit John like a roller coaster drop. The naked girl wanted him to fuck her, to push his hot cock into her pussy. And her exposed pussy was right before his eyes, waiting for his now ragingly hard tool.
His cock led the way and he followed. He loved the way he looked, his fat cock pulsing and leading the way as he walked to fuck his fiancée's naked best friend. Her full pussy lips were wet and slightly open. In his mind he could see his helmet head spearing into her. A stream of moisture was running down one rounded thigh.
It was too much. He grabbed his hot tool and pumped it slowly as he walked forward to fuck. Dawn slept on peacefully next to her friend.
He found himself on his knees aiming his throbbing tool at Jana's wet slit. He groaned.
Jana's warm fingers curled half-around his thick organ.
He looked down and watched the pretty fingers pull his throbbing tool towards the waiting wetness. A large drop of clear juice welled up from the tip. A thrill went through his body as he watched Jana lick her lips in anticipation. He slowly moved forward and rubbed the oozing drop off against her clit.
She moaned. Her glowing face looked up at him, pleading for it.
John's cock started its slide into hot heaven as he pushed the head to split her, the large rim slowly parting the delicate lips. And then, slowly, he fed his meat into his fiancée's best friend.
Jana started coming when only half his cock was inside her. The first orgasm burst from her tight pussy with the loudest slurpy pop that he had ever heard or felt in his life. He grunted with delight and pushed forward through her orgasm, fucking his cock all the way inside.
Her sharp gasps against his ears told him how good she felt, so he decided to make it better. As soon as he hit bottom, he let loose with machine-gun rapid thrusts into her hot sheath. The unexpected attack drove her to an unexpected second orgasm even as she tried to savor the joy of being penetrated.
He fucked her to two more rapid fire orgasms before slowing down and relaxing, and simply enjoying the full feeling as her pussy's orgasmic aftershocks pulsed all around his hard cock. She was still shaking and trembling as he wriggled his butt, seating his swollen genitals deep inside her warm depths.
They relaxed back onto the bed, eyes closed, enjoying the feeling of their genitals coupled together. John's mind was lost in blissful heaven. Jana on the other hand was getting hotter still as she imagined her best friend sleeping peacefully next to them as her boyfriend fucked her. Presently their lips found each other as they kissed in sheer pleasure and emotional intensity of the moment.
She was wrong though. Dawn had been awakened by the first loud pop from Jana's pussy when she first came. She'd been busy watching them fuck.
She continued watching as they continued kissing. Her friend looked so beautiful as she kissed in complete abandon. She watched as Jana raised her hips, screwing herself deeper onto John's hard cock.
Jana's eyes fluttered open as a soft moan filled the quiet bedroom. She broke the kiss and turned her head turned to see her best friend looking right into her eyes.
"Oh God!"The orgasm and shout burst out even before she had time to think. She bucked wildly onto her best friend's fiancé's thick cock.
"Uhmmghh! Uhmmghh! "Uhmmghh...Her grunts echoed in the room as she came. Every time her eyes fluttered closed, she'd open them to see her beautiful friend looking inside her as she came. It was driving her insane with wild pleasure.
Dawn scooted down so her face was level with the coupling genitals. She watched the special sight, her best friend's pussy clinging to her fiancé's pounding cock. The pussy was twitching and trembling as it pulsed in continuous orgasm.
John pulled his cock out making Jana moan with disappointment and need. Her gaping hole was twitching spastically. She moaned.
"Unghhh...Please..."
Dawn stuck three fingers into her best friends pussy. She was immediately held in a tight grip Jana clamped down on her bunched fingers.
"God! Fuck me! Please fuck me!!" She pleaded.
Dawn obliged and pumped her fingers in and out of her friend as her fiancé watched. John, never one to waste an opportunity, managed to get his pulsing wet tool into Dawn's mouth. He fucked her slowly as he watched her fucking her girlfriend's horny pussy.
Jana's passion was again peaking fast, and her heated moans filled the sunlit bedroom as she approached orgasm.
Dawn timed her move perfectly. Just before Jana came, she swiftly withdrew her fingers, and pulling John's hot cock from her mouth, pulled it in close to her friend's wet pussy. She held on as he drove it into Jana and was rewarded with a powerful squirt jetting onto her hand as her friend came hard from the sudden thick penetration.
John screwed his way deep inside so his girlfriend's fingers were pressed tight against Jana's clit and all round her slick pussy. The hot girl continued coming as John rocked his pelvis up, down and around, fucking her deep and taking full advantage of the additional stimulation from Dawn's fingers. Janacooedandaahhedher way through a series of long orgasms. Her pussy was throbbing and pulsing as the thick organ stimulated it to delightful limits.
Finally, she calmed down enough to stop coming, and something in her eyes made Dawn scoot up and kiss her deeply. Jana climaxed again, a long shuddering orgasm flowing through her body as the soft tenderness overwhelmed her. John sensed it and helped by strongly grinding his long dick around her liquid centre, mashing her hard clit against the base of his throbbing cock. He too groaned with the pleasure ride, the heat of the moment rising above all else.
The girls' kiss lasted through Jana's long orgasm, her pussy gurgling its extreme content to the whole bedroom. The sexual atmosphere grew thicker as they all listened to her.
...
As his girlfriend fucked her friends, Adam was busy pumping his tool in the bed normally he shared with Jana. He'd spent the night dj-aying at the club he worked at, and had gotten home at 5:00 a.m., totally bushed. He had collapsed on the bed and just conked out. When he woke up, in the late morning, at just about the time his girl was helping John to pee, his mind was full of the memories from the night before. His cock was hard and he also needed to pee.
His semi-erect dick still felt full after he finished in the bathroom. He realized he was still horny from the night before.
"God!"He remembered,"the way those two horny teenage girls danced!"
One in a hot, red, tight miniskirt, the other one in a similar shiny blue one, pretty faces aglow with excitement. They were so young, couldn't have been more than a week past eighteen, but it was so obvious that they were sexually aroused! The two sets of firm boobs with hard nipples could clearly be seen poking out through tight tops, plus anyone could see that they were not wearing any underwear, not even the almost obligatory disco thong.
He had managed to sneak distracting glances unnoticed, (or so he thought at first), sometimes seeing right up to the two very naked smooth and undoubtedly wet pussies until he realized that, one, they knew that he was looking, and two, they were flashing him on purpose. His already hard cock nearly popped right then, and he had to force his gaze away as the song started to fade and he had to mix-in the next the track.
The worst of it came when, they turned their backs to the throbbing crowd and danced while openly watching him with lust stoned eyes. He watched, fascinated as Red mini did a bump and grind, wriggling her ass back into Blue mini's crotch. His eyes widened when he saw Blue mini's fingers dance their way down her friend's thighs and slowly pull up the ribbon of material.
Then, amazingly, he was looking directly at the smooth shaven pussy. The lips were slightly parted and there was a slick of moisture glistening down one thigh. Blue mini reached round and cupped her friends mound with her small palm. She looked up at Adam and winked, then deliberately slid her slim finger into her friend - all of it up into the split pussy, and wriggled her hand as if to seat it firmly inside.
No-one was really dancing now. Red mini had slowed down to barely a slow side-to-side sway. Blue mini was just moving her shoulders and upper body, concentrating on the feeling of her body pressed up against her friend and finger fucking her all the way up inside.
Her smile burned into Adam. Eyes glued to the sight, he realized with a start that he'd almost left it too late and the volume of the track playing had appreciably faded. He quickly slid it into the next track, set the system on auto-merge, and got down to seriously watch the show.
Blue was now fucking Red to the rhythmic beat of the heavy drum and bass line, thumping into her as they both rocked. Red was long gone, lost in the feel of the invading digit and the aural input.
Then, without warning, she came.
Adam watched as she went rigid for a long second, then let go with the blatant sexual gyration of orgasm, unconsciously cumming to the rhythm of the music. Her friend pumped her to the beat, making it look like she was dancing as she spasmed.
Adam worried briefly they were being too obvious, but he soon realized that with the flashing multi-coloured lights, no-one else except those right close to the girls could have any idea of what was going on. It was, after all, a club that pushed the limits and had gained a reputation for allowing extreme dress and behavior. He relaxed as he noticed that only one couple dancing behind the girls seemed to be taking any notice, occasionally glancing at the girls as they did their thing.
Red mini's sensual gyrations continued as she came down from her public orgasm. She stroked herself, bringing her hands to her chest and for a long moment pressing Blue's hands into her breasts. Turning around, she offered up pouting lips for a kiss and the two locked into tight cinch. It wasn't a big deal at the club really, to see two girls kissing, but with the knowledge of what had happened, Adam almost burst his fly as he watched. The aural load from the music booming through the monitoring speakers in his glass walled cubicle made the moment all the more erotic.
Adam started with shock when Red mini opened her eyes, smiled directly at him and blew him a kiss. Her skirt was still above her crotch, exposing her mound to his view. She winked as she pulled it down. Then, almost aggressively, she turned her friend round in front of her so they were in reversed positions, Blue now pressing her ass back into Red's crotch. They continued their sensual dancing.
The abrupt movement visibly drew closer attention from the couple dancing close by. Adam looked at them closely for the first time. The woman was tall and full figured, quite a bit older than the two teens - closer maybe to thirty-five. She had a look about her that expressed coolness and sophistication. Comfortable, not too tight, figure-accentuating jeans and white silk top tied into a knot above her navel completed the polished, mature look. Her long brunette hair was pulled into an exotic bun above her head, giving her a more composed look than most of the young things at the club. She oozed sexuality.
Her mate was tall too, dressed in faded tight jeans and close fitting t-shirt. It was obvious he worked out, his muscles broadcasting the fact as they stood out in relief. He was not muscle bound though, but had a nice sporty look. Adam bet he was a swimmer from the breadth of his shoulders and his tight ass. They were locked in an embrace, slow dancing as they checked out each other, and occasionally, their neighbors and the club. Their kisses were deep and full-tongued, leaving no doubt that they lovers out for some fun before having a sexy evening at home.
They continued watching as Red became more aggressive, running her hands up and down Blue's tight-nippled chest. The caresses soon had the desired effect on Blue, making her lean back into her friend's soft chest and close her eyes as she enjoyed the sensation. Adam watched her mouth open slightly as she relaxed.
Red continued her assault, moving to cup her friend's boobs. Acknowledging Adam's stare, she wrapped her palms round the soft tissue and offered the protruding nubbins out to his gaze. The naughty smile returned as she again winked at him.
She moved her attention to the nipples that were now trying their best to poke holes through the low necked top. Carefully taking each nipple between thumb and forefinger, she would draw it out to twice it's length, ending each slow pull with a snap that brought out an extra wriggle from her friend. She alternated the sequence, sometimes doing one then the other, then, at random pulling both together, or ignoring one for a few pulls, then attacking it with an extra long pull.
Blue was obviously getting very turned on and Adam imagined he could hear her moan with each tug.
Wicked Red was becoming more and more adventurous, working her hands lower down her friend's tightly filled mini, squeezing and molding her thighs. Then she reached down and deliberately drew up both sides of Blue's mini, struggling a bit with the tight fit at mid-hip.
Finally, Blue was naked to view from waist down, oblivious of the stares from Adam and the tall couple. They were now watching openly and Red seemed to notice them for the first time. She smiled cheerfully at them, then reached round and pushed her finger up into her friend's slit.
Tall couple did a simultaneous double take - they obviously had not really noticed how far the two girls had been going. Then after a brief look at each other, they both shrugged their shoulders and continued watching. Tall girl initiated a kiss that seemed to seal whatever unspoken pact it was that they had just made.
Red had moved to Blue's side now, and was busy pumping into her pussy as she simultaneously openly fondled her friend's left breast. She did not bother to hide much, and Adam knew it would be just matter of time before the bouncers came calling. Too bad the show would have to end.
He noticed the couple moving closer to the two girls, standing closer to them and trying to shield them from would-be observers. No one else had noticed anything untoward yet though, and they were safe for a few more minutes. Adam found himself wishing that Red would manage to make Blue cum before they were busted.
Blue's dance was decidedly mostly just sex now, as she humped her loins to match Red's driving thrusts into her pussy. Adam noticed that the two fingers moving in and out of Blue's split crotch were glistening in the flashing colored lights. Red speeded-up her thrusts as her other hand worked at the girls jiggling breast. They were now openly finger fucking.
The couple moved even closer and Red beckoned them even nearer with a friendly sexy smile. Adam could see it when Red asked the woman a question with her eyebrows, timing her thrusts and manner to suggestively offer her friends pussy to the tall woman. Adam stared.
"Surely she is not asking her to—"Even before he finished the thought, it became pretty clear what was being offered.
Red pulled her wet fingers out from Blue's pussy, and gave them a dainty lick. She held them out to tall woman, and Adam lip-read the obvious question.
"Want some?"
The tall woman looked at her partner and received an answering and enthusiastic nod in return.
Guy is as horny as I am, Adam thought, and involuntarily looked down at tall guy's crotch.
His own cock gave an involuntary jerk when he realized what he was now staring at. There was no doubt about it, the guy had the largest cock that Adam had ever seen. It looked thick and heavy even when seen only as a bulge. The big thing stood out in relief in the tight jeans, as the owner avidly watched his partner lick her lips and tentatively step forward to taste the offered fingers.
Wicked Red knew exactly what she was doing, and slowly raised her hand to tall woman's full lips. The woman's tongue came out to nervously flick her lips as she waited for the offering. Red drew it out, almost teasing her as she slowly took her fingers to the waiting lips.
The woman knew what she wanted to do though, and reached out and took Red's wrist in hand. Opening her mouth she deliberately pushed one finger in, and then slowly drew it out through pursed lips.
She closed here eyes then, her body visibly relaxing as she sighed in pleasure. Fixing Red with her gaze, she repeated the process with the second finger.
Red smiled and nodded happily, no doubt happy that her choice had turned out so well.
Reclaiming her hand, Red took her own hold on her newly found playmate's own wrist. Pulling down, she brought it down to her friends crotch and nodded to the woman as she made fucking motions.
The tall woman raised a questioning eyebrow as if to ask,"Really?"
Red's eager nod could neither be mistaken nor denied. Adam watched incredulously as the woman's long forefinger slid its considerable length up inside the Blue's pussy. The way the lithe teen's body moved to enjoy the penetration spoke for itself.
Tall woman was obviously not new to making a woman feel good, and she set to her task with expertise. She smoothly added a second finger as she fucked the young girl she'd never met before and continued the long smooth thrusts into the hungry pussy.
Red meanwhile walked round to the man, and looking right into his eyes, fumbled for and found his zipper. She smoothly drew it down, and paused, looking as tall woman as if asking whether it was OK to go ahead.
When tall woman nodded briefly, almost as if it was no big deal, Red put her hand inside the opening.
Adam could see her jump from his privileged vantage point. He thought that she must have touched the man's cock. Feeling as eager as she seemed to be, he waited, wondering what monster would be revealed when she fished it out. Judging from the wondering look on her face, it promised to be worth the wait.
A moment later, they were both frozen in shock as the biggest, thickest cock that they had ever seen speared cleanly through the opened gap. The huge thing stood out imperiously, straining forward and dwarfing the small palm that made a futile attempt to clasp all of it.
Adam, amazed himself, watched both cock and Red's face as the girl stared at what was clearly the largest dick she had ever seen or dreamt about. The dazed look she had on her face as she licked her lips was precious.
But Red was nothing if not a trooper. Getting over her shock, but still betrayed by the rapt attention with which she handled the thick organ, she reached for Blue's hand and touched it to cock.
The effect on Blue was electrifying. Adam watched her eyes pop open as she stiffened for a second, surprised. Her eyes flashed downwards and her knees actually buckled as she looked down at the thick thing she was holding. She stared, fascinated, as her body began to rock faster as tall woman fucked her faster.
The big cock in her hand triggered her sudden orgasm. Adam caught the moment when her eyes rolled back, bucking helplessly against tall woman's two fingered assault into her small pussy. He watched as she reached down for support with both hands, holding on for dear life onto the wondrous tool she was gripping.
Red was not through yet, and moved back behind tall man, to caress the base of his cock as they both watched the young girl come on his partner's fingers. He was no doubt on a hair-trigger, for as Adam watched, the thick helmet head suddenly swelled out and started jetting spurts of cum onto the booth's clear glass. The cum flew in splendid volume, leaving Adam's cubicle stained with thickly sliding streams. Red helped by rubbing the big nut-sack, dainty fingers stroking, encouraging the violent spurts as he shot and shot and shot.
... .
Jana was satiated for the moment, cuddled in Dawn's soft arms as John's hard cock twitched and throbbed inside of her. Her face was turned sideways, nestled in between Dawn's soft breasts. She felt complete, replete with the hard muscle comforting her insides.
The idyllic rest was interrupted by a restless movement by John.
"Uhm, ladies...Uhm, Girls..., I think you need to -, uhm...start thinking about...how you, uhm...want me to er...cum,"he announced hesitantly.My balls are so full they hurt!"
The plaintive declaration brought a laugh from the two girls. Lazily, Jana turned her face to smile up at Dawn."So, beautiful, what would you like?"she asked languorously."It's your turn, I would think."
Dawn replied by bending down and kissing her friend full on the mouth. The deep full kiss revealed her reawakened arousal. Her hand slid down and worked its way to the wet joint where John's cock disappeared into Jana.
She giggled."If you don't mind, I would like to be fucked again with this thing you are hoarding!"
"All yours girl, its all yours. I was actually kind of hoping that you would say that,"Jana laughingly said as she pushed at John to make him lift himself off her."My pussy needs to breathe!"
She sighed as the long dick slid out with an audible pop."Ahhhh..., God, John, you have the nicest dick! And Dawn, girl, you sure are lucky to have it."
She knee-walked backwards, sat back on her haunches and looked at the two lovers."I have a suggestion that will make you guys just have the biggest orgasms you have ever had! But you have to do as I say."
John paused in his transition to fuck Dawn who had lain back and had already spread her legs. Her wet pussy glistened in the sunlight, seeming to point at John's wet cock.
"Uhm...? What do you have in mind?"he asked, as he paused on outstretched arms and hovered over Dawn.
"Don't ask,"Jana replied. "It will be the best surprise. For now, just put that big thing into the girl, but don't cum just yet or you will ruin it.
"Come on, hurry-up,"she playfully scolded."Fuck her already. Can't you see the poor girl is positively creaming herself?"
And true enough, Dawn was softly writhing on the bed, her crotch seemingly being drawn upwards towards the cock she knew so well. A thin stream of juice had flowed down her inner thigh.
She played into the game."Fuck me John. Come on, put it in and just fuck me,"she pleaded, putting on as seductive tone without too much effort. She did need to be fucked. Her fingers were on her clit and rubbing it in slow circles as she stared lustfully up at him, her body undulating on the bed as she pleasured herself.
Jana hastened to pull the desired cock down to fuck her friend. She placed the bulbous head against the wet slit and watched closely as the lips slowly split open as they were forced apart by the plum-shaped knob. Dawn moaned and John grunted in pleasure as the length slid in.
Jana moved close to John's ear and whispered softly."Don't let her come. Keep her on the edge for me."His rumbling groan was the only talking he could manage.
He paused when he bottomed out, waiting to adjust to the hot velvety, silky feel of filling his girlfriends hot pussy. Any sudden movement, any lapse in concentration, and he knew he would send both of them over the all too near edge into powerful orgasms.
He slowly drew out his cock, almost all the way out, then slowly slid it back in, causing Dawn to arch her back at the exquisitely slow penetration. Two more slides and her head came up, lips blindly searching for his. Their lips sealed into a deep kiss, bodies gluing together as they lost themselves in the hot pleasure generated by their aroused genitals.
This was what Jana had dreamt about, to watch her two friends loving each other, each one totally lost in the other as they expressed their love and need for each other. It was different from the usual group fucks that she normally participated in. This was not just a frantic coupling of lust filled genitals. It was an expression of tender and long lasting love. And the best thing was that she was there to see it, and not only were they totally at ease with her presence, she was actually making it even better for them. She was living her fantasy and her friends loved each other more for it.
John continued slowly fucking Dawn, their deep kissing occasionally interrupted by the sexy sounds that combined John's deep full-pleasured groans and Dawn's increasingly fevered moans. Jana could see the veined cock smoothly sliding in and out of her friend's working pussy. Love juice copiously squeezed out past the tight circular join. The cock looked deliciously thick and aroused. Aroused again herself, she wished she had it inside of her own pussy.
The fucking couple had all but forgotten her presence, transported as they were to the extreme heights of the sexual pleasure they were experiencing. Jana watched unashamedly as John nuzzled and murmured against Dawn's taut neck, nibbling and sucking.
He started a running commentary, adding the arousing effect of his deep lovely voice to the hot sexuality of the moment.
"You like...? You like that? And that!?"
Every question marked the end of a long slide of hot cock into his girl, and was punctuated by a super-deep push of his cock up into her boiling pussy. Each screw mashed his pubic bone up against her clit and he would make a forceful twist to squish it up some more, shooting electric ripples of pleasure through the crazed girl.
The long strong and deep strokes were driving Dawn crazy, and soon she was answering each stroke with the most absolutely desperately lustful sound Jana had ever heard.
"Unghhh! Yeesss... Agh! Yeesss!...Aaiieee...!"Her rising unrestrained sexual cries filled the bedroom, transporting them all to successively higher levels of excitement.
Jana could see that Dawn was irreversibly headed towards what would be a super-strong orgasm. She didn't quite want this to happen, so she moved back to John's side and softly stroked his smooth, working buttocks.
"Don't let her come just yet. Enjoy that delightful pussy some more,"she again whispered into his ear.
John groaned, close to shooting his cum himself. He had no choice but to pull out, leaving a desperate Dawn moaning in acute disappointment as her pussy was suddenly bereft of its prized ravisher.
"Please..., please..., put it back in,"she moaned, eyes screwed tightly shut as she strained her hot pussy up into the air, her working loins searching for the absent wonderful cock.
Jana delighted in the sight, her palm moving to the pussy and cupping it as Dawn humped herself up into it. She moved her other hand down from John's tight ass to hold his thick, wet prick. Her fingers strained unsuccessfully to meet around the distended shaft. The different heat and feel in each palm felt good, one hard and hot, and the other soft, hot and very wet. She rubbed on each set of straining horny genitals, arousing herself even further.
Dawn's eye fluttered open and caught her friend just as she leaned in for a kiss. Her desperate moan echoed through the room and she strained up to kiss her tormenter. She writhed her pussy and worked it against the warm palm that cupped it, seeking to satisfy its boiling warmth. The girls kissed deeply, Jana greedily, and in the process almost working against her own intention as Dawn again rapidly escalated towards orgasm.
Jana stopped the kiss, drawing yet another groan of deep disappointment from Dawn.
"Please let him fuck me?"She pleaded."Please...? I need to come so bad!"
"I will, if you do as I say. And only if you beg nicely, and you also do something nice for me," Jana said.
"Oh God, yes! Yes, yes!"Dawn frantically agreed."Whatever you ask. Just please let him fuck me please..!"
"OK, but just remember that you promised,"Jana warned.
She pulled down on John's still rock hard cock and reinserted it into her friend. She let them enjoy the first few frantic strokes as they both sought to steal the orgasm they so obviously craved. Then she reached down and pressed down onto John's pumping buttocks to slow him down.
Before Dawn could voice her complaint, Jana shushed her.
"Shhh, girl, its OK, in just a few seconds longer you are going to get the biggest orgasm of your nice life. Keep it in for me, and you won't regret it.
"John,"she continued,"please do not let her come yet, - and neither should you,"she added, punctuating her words with a sudden sharp slap onto his still working bum.
John grunted and jerked forward into Dawn from the unexpected pleasurable sting, drawing from her an almost despairing cry as she almost gave up her struggle not to come.
"Don't cum!"Jana's sharp voice just barely stopped Dawn, whose plight was obvious in her drawn out soft moan.
"Aaiiee..., please..."
"You promised!"
"Aaiiiee..."
"You did, girl, so stop that moaning. Have a grip!"Jana was really enjoying herself, teasing Dawn and herself hot from controlling her two friends' lust.
She loved it so much she decided to play with their sexual heat some more.
"Dawn, John's cock looks so nice moving in you, I want to see you suck it! I want to see it in your mouth.
Suck his dick! Suck your juice off his dick! Come on, suck it!"
Dawn moaned, disappointed again, but in truth, she was now starting to really enjoy the pleasurable torture of her withheld orgasm. Jana's insistence had brought out a subservient streak that had sent her into sexual heaven. She had never enjoyed sex this way before.
Without further complaint, she followed John as he rolled over and flung his legs apart to lie spread-eagled on his back. The thick veins on his rampant cock were shining and glistening with her own juice. The purple head, fresh from his fiancée's inner depths, was swollen thicker than she had ever seen it.
Jana too was mesmerized by the big cock that she had only seen during their now one-and-a-half day-old intimacy. It was still a new cock that she hadn't gotten used to, and it was even more exciting that she was watching it at very close range as it pulsed and bobbed up and down.
"Ahhh...,"Jana herself moaned. "You guys look so hot and I am so horny.Cum on girl, suck that dick for me! Suck your sweet juice off him!
She watched as the slim, dark girl got up onto her knees and slowly engulfed the thick dong up through her luscious lips. Dawn was so hot that a whole half of the thick shaft disappeared into her mouth in one slide. Her groan escaped past the welcome thick intrusion into her throat, making her hump her upraised ass up and down as the pleasure hit her.
"Suck that dick!Jana ordered.
"And John, don't you dare come before I get back,"she added as she quickly scrambled off the bed and ran into the living room.
Lost in their pleasure, no one gave any indication that they had heard her. Moving rapidly, Jana first made a quick phone call, using the speed-dial facility on her mobile phone to dial Adam's number. Next she rummaged quickly through her bag and grabbed the KY jelly and the thick dildo she had earlier packed with wishful hope. Then, a tingle of naughty excitement running through her nude body, she found the other item that she hadn't told Dawn about and hurried back into the bedroom.
The sight at the bed stopped her short just two long strides into the bedroom. John was up on his arms, buttocks clenching and releasing as he moved above Dawn's pretty face. He was fucking his big cock balls-deep into his girlfriend's mouth. Dawn lay sprawled out on her back, upper body supported on stacked pillows against her shoulders so that her head hang back loosely and opened her throat to John's thrusts. As Jana watched, she saw the big moving bulge as his dick's head obscenely traveled in and out of her girlfriend's throat. Thick spit was drooling down her cheeks and lewd squelching noises were working their way out from her stretched throat.
"Oh God,"Jana groaned."This is sooo fucking hot!"
Her own words startled her out of her rapt freeze, and she dashed into the bedroom, mindful of the fact that John's orgasm was undoubtedly rushing towards him as was betrayed by the"Ah! Ah! God! Ungh! Ungh! Yes! Yes!"sounds he was making as he repeatedly drove into his girlfriend's throat.
Then Jana was by his side and reaching down to grab his dick tight at the base, shutting off the rapidly rising sperm. It felt like she held a thick snake in her hand, which was pulsing and throbbing with fury. Pulling him out from his girlfriend's mouth, she leaned down and had to stretch her mouth wide to force the big angry head into her own needy mouth.
Dawn's moan of dissatisfaction echoed through the room. It pulled Jana back from her own rising passion, and reminded her that she had a plan.
"OK, OK girl. You want it, you are going to get it! Get on your hands and knees now!"She ordered.
In a flash, Dawn scrambled unashamedly into the desired position, head down, butt up, pussy wetly open.
John wasted no time in knee-walking into the desired position, ready to plunder the offered goods. Grabbing his beautiful girlfriend by her slim waist, he smoothly stuffed his massive tool inside her slick hot tunnel.
The penetration brought tears into Dawn's moans and a warm gush of hot juice flooding into Jana's pussy. Jana listened to her friend's long moan as her pussy was filled with cock. It was evident to all that Dawn was not going to be stopped this time.
"Now fuck her slowly until she comes,"Jana whispered sweetly as she leant forward and nuzzled her lips around John's ear. Her tongue curled around and inside the sensitive lobes, licking inside and timing the slow swirls with his long smooth strokes. His groan joined Dawn's wanton sighs and moans as her pussy took over all her being and wrapped her around the wonderfully delightfully thick tool that was killing her.
Jana took advantage of the length of visible wet dick on one of John's out-strokes and grabbed a good hold of the organ. Changing the slow steady fucking rhythm, she jiggled the hot cock up and down to the limits of Dawn's already stretched pussy, making the fucked girl arch her back to feel the hot dick massage her clit. They could all hear the squishy, bubbling sounds produced when Jana swirled the dick around the hot, wet hole.
Dawn's ass gyrated as she urged on the round and around stimulation. But John took back control, and resumed the slow steady fucking that he punctuated with a"fucking hot!"and an anguished"Arghhhh..."each time his entire dick buried itself into his girl.
Each in-stroke would mash Jana's fingers against her friend's furnace-hot pussy, making the excess juice squeeze out to coat the fingers. Soon her entire hand was coated with pussy juice.
The tempo of the moans and groans attained a really urgent tone, and Jana knew it was time. Grabbing the dildo from the bed where she had placed it unseen by the oblivious couple, she coated it with the wealth of pussy juice and precum that now coated her fingers. She took an extra large helping from the steady stream of fuck juice that was leaking all over, and carefully dabbed it onto Dawn's already slightly open butt hole.
Her fingertip slipped in effortlessly and she happily wetted the insides of her friend's hole. She looked up to John and noticed that his eyes were closed as he listened to Dawn's pussy fluttering along his cock. Reaching up, she reached up and gently touched the finger that had just left her friend's asshole to his lips and beckoned him to look down as he opened his eyes to look at her.
Her fingers went again to the wet juncture where her friends were joined together and were driving each other crazy. Taking more juice, she again lubed moaning friend's asshole. Then she slowly pushed a cute forefinger all the way in up the lubed hole. Reaching around with her left hand, she clasped the warm ass and drew it in into her own warm boobs, enjoying the hot soft feeling of the two soft mounds of warm flesh. Her finger wormed its way even further inside the hot ass
John's cock was extremely swollen. A long thick vein stood out throbbing along its entire length. At the base, a white ring of juice had formed from the combination of his pre-cum and the juice from the hot pussy it was fucking. The pussy bubbled and frothed, adding its own vocalization to the sexy moans its transported owner was making while lost in the sensation of the fucking she was getting. She hunched back and forth faster, trying to get the implacable invader in her pussy to rip her into the thousand pieces and melting pot of liberating orgasm.
Jana looked up from her ministrations to catch John looking at here with lust stoned eyes. She winked at him and reached up to kiss him, gasping as his tongue thrust into her mouth as he fucked it into her.
He started fucking her with the rhythm with which he was fucking Dawn. She let out her own gasp as his hot strong oral penetration made her almost come herself. She felt deliciously slutty as she felt the hot cream well out and drip down her thighs. She knew she was incredibly wet and had long ago sensed the trail of juice down her thighs.
Dawn's moans announced that her orgasm was about to hit her. Moving quickly, Jana substituted her finger with the tip of the big life like dildo and nodded to John. Taking the signal, John made his strikes extra deep with a small twist added at the end, but using all his self control not to increase speed.
Four of these special strokes were all that Dawn could take in her now tortured state. Her cries peaked as the slow inexorable fuck rapidly pushed her up an incredibly high peak that seemed to almost have no end.
Her cries were the sweetest music John had ever heard.
"Wooiii...Wooiiiii...Aiieeee...Wuuuiiiiii...Aaigheee...Woooiiieeeee...!."
None of the cries was a scream, but in their exquisite desperation one could pack ten thousand protests.
And then finally, when the sheer desperation was almost unbearable, the wails broke out into the sweetest, heart wrenching cry of abandon any of them had ever heard, as Dawn finally came.
Her expiring cry rang through the apartment as her supernova hot pussy clamped down on the burning shaft that had pushed her through a small death into heaven.
"Wuuuuuuuuuueeeeeeeeeee!...AAAIEEEeeeeee!...
The cry waxed almost immediately it began to wane when Jana speared Dawn's asshole with her very thick but welcome dildo. Four inches of the tool slid in on the first orgasmic convulsion, and the rest slid in when Dawn rocked back again as she sought to fill the fires raging in her hungry body. Then she lost it as Jana and John, by unspoken understanding, simultaneously hilted her to the limits of their cocks and held them tightly buried into her boiling flesh.
The dark body beneath them was shuddering and quivering as if an electric current was shocking it. Her one shock of orgasm drew out into a super long cum. Her body jerked and fluttered all over, making it harder for John to hold back his own eruption. He groaned with pleasure and gritted his teeth in determination not to cum.
Seeking blindly, his hot mouth zoomed like a guided missile onto Jana's succulent lips and impaled her into a lip lock. He was sucked in her lower lip, pulling it in and chewing on it hotly as he rode the urge to come. He succeeded, but only just, as Dawn's pussy milked and sucked on his cock with magical ripples and wonderfully asymmetric swirls and pita pats.
But Jana didn't succeed. She could feel herself moving towards orgasm from the heat of John's wet and voluptuous kiss and the mental image of what she had caused to happen. As she climbed the plateau she involuntarily started fucking Dawn's ass with the thick dildo, making her friend grunt with almost unbearable pleasure as her orgasm drew on and on.
John's exquisite agony increased as he sensed the suddenly increased voluptuousness of Jana's lips and the hardness of her aroused nipples boring onto his hot flesh. He could tell she was cumming and almost tipped over as he imagined the scene in his buzzing mind.
Finally the girls' orgasms ended and the writhing of the sweat streaked bodies gradually slowed down until they finally stayed still. The loud pants gradually softened until the bedroom was once more quiet. Long moments of unfelt silence passed as the girls both enjoyed their post-orgasm highs.
Jana recovered first, breaking the still held kiss and looking up at John whose cock was still buried deep inside Dawn. Her bashful smile betrayed her almost-embarrassment at having been caught out enjoying the sexual domination of her friends so much. John's happy grin and a thumbs up sign quickly took care of that, and she grinned happily back at him, snuggling up against his hot side as she resumed a slow lazy fucking of Dawn's loosened asshole.
Presently Dawn moaned and wriggled her butt against the invading dildo, indicating that she too was back.
Resuming her director role, Jana spoke."Hey, guys, if you are all back on earth, I want us to do something different. Some more fun for you naughty things, you wonderful sluts.
"C'mon Dawn, be a dear and lie on your back so this stud can really fuck you."
"Are you going to remove that thing you have up in my ass?"
"Yes. I want to make you feel something else."
"No."
"No?"Jana asked in surprise.
"No. I want John to fuck my ass."
"You are such a slut, you know that?"Jana teased with a grin.
"Thanks to you. Now, kindly think of whatever you want, but I want my ass fucked now."
"Your naughty wish is definitely my command, oh naughty queen,"Jana playfully replied. Turning to John, she grinned at him and pulled the dildo out from Dawn's stretched asshole.
She made a mock bow, and pointed the wet dildo onto the gaping hole with a flourish. Using her best butler-voice, she announced,"The lady did say she wanted her ass fucked, oh great and noble stud."
Before Dawn had a chance to react to the sudden absence of the thick tool, John's even thicker presence powered its way through her pliant opening, burying its hot length into her bottom. He was not about to waste any time getting in there as instructed.
"Aieeeeee!"Dawn expressed her appreciation with a loud cry."Oh Fuck!"she cried.
"Yes! Fuck her, you good man, fuck her tight ass!"Jana encouraged, looking up at him with excitedly.
And fuck he did, happy to have the delightful but rarely fucked asshole so readily offered, and so easily penetrated. John could see how Jana was going to be very welcome around him and Dawn from now on. He practically fell in love with her right there and then as the wicked possibilities of their soon to be lifestyle tumbled through his horny mind. Then he gave himself in to seriously ass-fucking his horny girlfriend.
As John got into his stride, establishing a steady, deep ploughing rhythm, Dawn had her first anal orgasm, gasping and bucking her hot bottom up against John. He fucked her through it, using her moans and gasps to fuel his own lusty heat. Then he felt Jana's warm tits poking into his back as she pressed herself against his back.
As the cumming asshole into which he was repeatedly burying his cock rhythmically pulsed, he felt the burning nubs press poke even more pointedly into his back. Soft palms then ran all the way down his sides to his sensitive buttocks. Jana commenced a steady kneading action in time to his strokes causing his arousal to increase tenfold. His ass had never felt so good, and with it he felt a wonderful sense of liberation that made him he let go, letting Jana somehow control the pace at which he was steadily fucking into his girlfriend.
Dawn was singing in deep throaty groans that made John imagine that he could hear every vibration as it stemmed from each millimeter of his deeply plunging cock. His senses were super-alert. He felt it like a trail of super hot fire as Jana's firm nubbins scraped achingly down his back, making his wonderful cock swell gloriously in his girlfriends anus, until unexpectedly, the incredibly exquisite contact stopped.
Then, fantastically, he felt warm soft palms split his hot buttocks wide open. The sensation of his own asshole stretching open combined with the rearward pull on his hot buns to create the sensation that his cock was being isolated into the hot hole he was fucking.
His lunges deep into Dawn became even more hotly primordial, taking over his senses as his wonderfully isolated and throbbing sexual organ fucked into the moaning female. In the middle of this cauldron of sensation, the first blow of cool air right spot on his exposed hole made him rocket his hips forward, uncontrollably driving his raging manhood hilt-deep into his girl.
Dimly, somewhere in the blood drained recesses of his conscious mind, he heard his girlfriend howl. He knew through distant instinctual connection that she cumming. He was riding her uncontrollable surge when he felt a warm tentacle slide inside his now gaping hole and start wriggling.
"Wunngghh!"
The loud groan burst unchecked from his tightly held throat. Somehow penetrating the lust-haze that consumed his brain, the realization hit him that Jana was rimming his asshole. No, she was more that rimming him, she was fucking him, swirling her tongue round and round and in and out his sensitive asshole as she stuck her tongue as far inside as she could.
It was like she was trying to lick him all round his insides from the inside, and the sensation was destroying the little connection to normal, mundane reality that he had left. He was flying! Flying, throbbing, and fucking, and just zooming through the most intense sexual high that he had ever experienced.
The delicious sensations rippling from his hole now seemed to change. His strokes seemed to change too, the desire to pull back seeming to grow, even as he strained to bury his cock repeatedly into the delicious wet hole that was now making loud, slurpy and loose liquid sounds. He no longer could tell whether he was in a pussy or an asshole, even had he the strength of mind to wish to distinguish the difference.
The pleasure at his asshole felt hot. He fucked back even harder, now not knowing what felt better, the in stroke or the out. The range of motion of his working buttocks increased. He would now pull all the way back searching for the hot pleasure at his rear that burned through his brain, and then just as he felt the rim of his thick plum start to stretch out the rim of his girl's asshole, he would plunge back in, shoving his dick in all the way to his balls, lost in the sensationally exquisite slide along every millimeter of his tool.
Then Jana was in his face, her succulent lips searching for and finding his, and capturing his pouting lips in a superbly wet connection that pulled and sucked at his insides and drove him crazy. He suddenly became aware of loud animalistic groans filling the sunny bedroom, sounds he had never heard before. It took him some time before it penetrated through his ravaged consciousness that the sounds were coming from himself. He could scarcely recognize his own voice.
With a shock, he realized exactly what was going on, just as Jana broke the kiss and looked up at him. The change made him slow down too as he earned himself a welcome respite from the inevitable orgasm that had begun to rise. As he looked down onto Jana's lust-stoned and wonderful sexy eyes, he saw confirmation in her expression, and then really felt it in the pleasure coming from his bottom. He couldn't believe it! She had the entire thick dildo buried up his ass!
He moaned in pleasure and wonderful disbelief. He enjoyed occasional rare probes when Dawn was in an extra playful mood, but this was the first time he had ever had anything close to the size that was in him -no, THAT WAS FUCKING HIM IN THE ASS! And he loved it!
He moaned again, groaning as he leaned down to grab his own kiss from the beautiful girl who was deliberately now fucking his asshole openly. As he drank in her warmth, he resumed his own slow fucking into the asshole his own thick dick was buried in. His groans now served to make him hotter as the image of the scene they had created burned itself into his brain.
The impertinent girl fucking him smiled up at him as she slowly drew out the thick thing she was fucking him with.
"Like it?"she asked impudently.
"Aghhh...,"
"Whatdid you say?"she asked, playing him, teasing him, rubbing the big rubber head around the small hole, then fucking the thick rod back in and up all the way, smooth strokes, slow strokes, smiling.
"Aghh..., Aghhh..., Umnghh..."
"I can't hear you,"Jana sang, enjoying the naughty torture.
"God,"he thought, "I am being fucked!"His brain was frying and his cock was the biggest it ever had been. He wanted the feeling to never end. His gritted teeth fought to hold back his threatening orgasm.
The Jana was increasing her speed until she was steadily fucking him, pulling out the thick lifelike dick out from the clinging orifice, and shoving it back in with a faster rythm. She harmonized her strokes to match his fucking into Dawn.
"I think that you love it."
"Arghhh...Arghhh..."
"Dawn, I think that this stud of yours likes being fucked in his hot asshole,"Jana repeated .
But poor Dawn had her own asshole stuffed with a cock that had inexplicably swollen massively a few moments before, and she was busy lost in a wrenching orgasm and couldn't speak. She was lost to the world.
"Oh dear, Oh dear, what are we going to do? Nobody's talking to me,"Jana playfully complained.
"I know, I know, we are going to fuck! We are going to fuck - and fuck! - and fuck!" She exclaimed, punctuating each "fuck" with her own full and forceful stroke into her friend's boyfriend's asshole. The thick dildo slid through the open hole with smooth ease.
"But, before we do that, horny boy, we need to make a slight adjustment,"she said, grinning at John who could only dully stare back at her, brain befuddled with lust."Just keep on fucking."
Swiftly, before John could tell what she was going to do, she whipped the dildo out from his ass, causing a disappointed"Ahhhhhhh..."to escape from him. He was beyond shame or any conscious thought, and could not prevent an instinctive push back with his tight buns, looking for the thickness to again penetrate his hot hole.
With the ease that is born of long practice, Jana stepped into the harness for the big black strap-on dildo that had been her originally intended surprise for Dawn. She grinned as she thought that she had an even better victim.
"Those who fuck others should be ready to be fucked,"she thought cheekily to herself as she tightened the straps and grabbed the KY from the bed.
She grinned up at John as she swung round to face him, having turned to hide her "growing" of a penis.
He gasped and his eyes went wide.
"No..."
"Hell yes! You gonna get it boy!"
"Aghhh...!"
Whether it came from the ass fuck he was giving or from the one he was going to get, Jana wasn't sure where the moan was from, but nothing was going to stop her now. She was going to fuck this guy.
"Yes, that's it,"she crooned,"that's it. Enjoy yourself. You enjoyed this one in you didn't you?"
She was holding up the hand held dildo with which she had fucked him earlier. Its size paled in comparison to the strap-on that rose thickly from between her voluptuous thighs as she walked to him. Her other hand worked the big dick, smearing more KY onto the already slick shaft.
John shuddered in pleasurable anxiety. The hand-held dildo was of a lighter shade of color than the one growing from Jana's palm, which was a heavy, menacing black. It was much thicker too, and quite a bit longer, and had a massive set of balls dangling so lifelike at the juncture of her rounded thighs. He felt a hot rush sweep through him as he stared. His body jerked involuntarily upsetting the rhythm with which he was fucking Dawn.
Jana was looking into his eyes as she approached him, slicking the KY round all over the thick plum head. The shiny head easily dwarfed his own by a full half inch in length and breadth. Her encircling fingers easily left half and some of the veined shaft uncovered as she stroked up and down, the look in her eyes both knowing and daring. She was going to fuck him and she knew it was making him feel hot.
He groaned as he felt his asshole twitch in anticipation. Each stroke into Dawn made him clench his buttocks and squeeze his asshole closed, almost if he was trying to keep Jana and her lusty intentions away from his bottom. However, it felt good and he unconsciously only jutted his ass out more, propping it up, raising it for the penetration he wanted. His ass felt empty.
Jana was a pro. She just centered the thick tool dead centre on his hot hole and let him fuck it into himself. The first contact made him moan, the next thrust made him groan as he drew back to easily accept the thick inch into his sphincter, and with the third stroke he buried half the massive length into his delightfully stretched hole.
His hot male grunts were sexual music to Jana's greedy ears. She reached round him to encircle his hot body in her arms, then gave him a tentative stroke with the buried half. He liked it, his louder moan said, and she started fucking him.
The in and out made him rock back and forth and cry out.
"Unghh...!",he groaned, on the in-strokes, and"Ahhieee...,"he went, on the out-strokes.
She loved it! She reached round and pulled back on his groin stretching the skin out from around his dick. He moaned and thrust into Dawn, then pulled back strongly, fully impaling himself on the last inches of Jana's long dick. He pressed his ass into her hot groin and groaned loudly as he held himself pressed against her, enjoying the feel of her hot body. Her tight tits bored into his back.
They slowly moved forward, joined to the hilt, as he sank back into Dawn's asshole. He held it there for a few moments, lost in the incredible sensation of his cock gripped tightly and his asshole incredibly full. Jana peered around from behind John's back to enjoy the sight, and then slowly drew back the big penis. She followed its progress avidly, loving the way his rim pulled out to follow it. Just as the raised rim distended the hole, about to pop out, she shoved the massive tool back into the pliant asshole.
John loved it. The huge dong traveled its imperious way up his insides, separating his flesh and shouldering its way through his hang-ups and tightness. The full feeling moving up him made him groan out loud with pleasure.
"Ahhhhhh..."
His loud groan filled the room as he announced to all that he was enjoying getting his ass fucked.
"Unnghhhh... Anghhh... Unghhh..."The incredibly erotic sounds of a man getting fucked filled Jana's ears. She delighted in the knowledge that she was causing the unrestrained sounds as she fucked her friend's boyfriend. The knowledge of it alone was enough to make her juice flow freely down her thigh, let alone the effect of delightful large bump that was grinding against her hot clit.
She couldn't resist.
"Dawn? Dawn, look! I am fucking John!"
"Ahhhh...," Dawn's loud moan interposed itself into the continuous keening sound the slim girl had been making through her multiple anal orgasms, oblivious to the debauchery going on behind her.
"C'mon, turn around you gotta see this. I am fucking your man!"Jana urged excitedly.
"Ungh? Ahhhh...,"Dawn continued, but she pushed her head to the side, twisting around head to oblige and watch.
She turned her head to look back at Jana with lust-swept eyes and saw her friend grinning back, moving, making fucking motions behind John. The she caught sight of the straps going round her friends thighs. Her eyes widened.
"Stra-, you-..., you have a strap-on?"She asked, incredulous.
"Yep,"Jana replied happily,"and your boyfriend is taking it all."
As if on cue, John groaned in pleasure. Jana responded by pushing the thick thing full up into his ass, making him fuck deep into Dawn. Dawn contributed her own groan to the profusion of the sexual sounds as she felt an orgasm rushing towards her, triggered by the visualization that the owner of the thick tool inside her had one like it fully up his own ass.
In no time at all she was cumming again, bucking and rocking back against John. Somewhere in the recesses of her mind she knew that her urgent movements were making Jana's cock plunder itself even deeper into his asshole.
The enormity of the orgasm took her by surprise, continuing on beyond her expectation. It gripped her, twisting her up, wringing her up tight then violently bursting from her. Then she was rushing, moaning and gasping and calling out, making John instinctively ram his swollen organ all the way inside her rectum. He fucked her with strokes that were made all the more savage by the pleasure he himself felt as his own hole was repeatedly invaded by the blunt thing fucking into him from behind.
Dawn finally collapsed on the bed, washed out by her incredible orgasm. She barely had enough energy to turn round and flop onto her back, still having the presence of mind to want to see the incredible sight of her boyfriend being sodomized by her best friend.
The sight burned itself into her brain. She stared at the obscenely veined and straining wet organ that protruded from John's loins. Each of Jana's now hard thrusts made the cock fuck forwards into the space that was only so recently vacated by her fucked out asshole. A hanging tendril of pre-cum swung back and forth in time to the strokes into his back. His groans filled the room, his eyes screwed shut as he concentrated on the pleasure coming from his bottom. He had never looked sexier or more shamelessly and lustfully male.
A movement at the door caught her eyes. Too fucked out to think about getting scared, she turned her eyes towards the door. Jana caught the movement and smiled reassuringly at her, nodding her head that it was OK. Intrigued, Dawn watched, then her eyes widened a in surprise as the door opened a crack wider to reveal Adam's face!
She caught his glance at Jana to confirm that it was indeed OK. Getting the all clear through some subtle sign, he opened the door fully wide open and walked inside the bedroom.
He was naked. His big thick cock led the way, toned chest rippling with defined muscle. Dawn's eyes only briefly took in his tall body before remaining fixated on the thick rod that remained imperiously rigid as he walked to the bed. As he came closer, she could see the bead of precum filling the large slit at the organ's tip. She stared and licked her lips unconsciously.
Jana saw her reaction and smiled secretly, happy that her friend found her boyfriend sexually arousing. If things continued going as well as they seemed to be going, then she would get to see them fuck each other. That would be something to see.
John meanwhile was getting closer to his long held back orgasm, completely lost in the strange pleasure in his behind. Each of Jana's long in-strokes elicited a throaty moan from him, a strange sexy sound that served to make him hotter still. The slide of the thick tool in and out of his ass was driving him hornier than he had ever been in his life. His eyes tightly closed, he was unashamedly humping back onto the thing sliding through his hole.
The pleasure built up until he couldn't stay on his knees anymore. As Dawn watched in delight, John flopped over onto his forearms. He stuck up his butt, offering his asshole for Jana to ravage with her thick strap-on.
He felt it when Jana's hot palm left his side, and for a brief hopeful minute thought that she was going for his hot cock. He desperately wanted her to pump it and had just opened his mouth to tell her so, when he was pulled up short by Jana's bright and chirpy,"Oh, Hello Adam! It is very good to see you."
Startled, his head whipped round to catch the incredible sight of Jana's slim fingers reaching out to grab a very thick erect and beautiful penis. He had never seen a live erect penis except his own before and it was just the most exciting thing he could have seen right then.
It struck him then that a guy was watching him as his ass was being fucked. The realization zapped him with a hot blast of sexual energy. He felt his world wobble, and his awareness seemed to shift. The events happening around him now seemed to burn with otherworldly vividness.
He stared as the soft palm tried to curl around the thick stem.
He watched as the big rod jerked at the contact.
A large bead slowly swelled out from the wide pee-hole to join the smear of shiny fluid on top of the purple head.
He tried to stop it, but he couldn't, so he closed his fear inside and let himself look up to Adam's face. He looked into his eyes, and then...
Jana began to slowly draw the dildo out from his asshole.
His eyes looked into twin pools of pure lust. He felt relief. Adam was not disgusted.
He closed his eyes, relaxing following the slide out with the sensation in the hot ring of his ass. He could feel the big head backing out from him, a long delicious slide outwards.
Then it popped out.
His asshole felt deliciously empty. He moaned. He wanted the thick hardness to slide back in.
He opened his eyes. Up close was the big real dick. His eyes followed as she stroked it right next to his ass. It was big, thicker than his was, and longer too.
Jana slowly fucked the dildo back into his bum. He locked eyes again with Adam, and he moaned again. Looking into Adams eyes made it worse, terrible, but for some reason and incredibly arousing. He could see nothing but lust. He could not find any meaning to the fact that he was being fucked as he looked into a man's eyes, other than it was driving him wild with sexual heat.
Jana stroked back on Adam's organ, pulling the skin back into Adam's groin so the turgid cock stood out in even further relief. Veins pulsed along its length.
"Adam, watch this,"she whispered, as she again slowly drew out the thick dildo from John's clinging asshole.
John stopped breathing. The moment held still. He could see himself in his mind's eye. Naked, buttocks vulnerably exposed, a guy with a big naked cock watching him as a girl prepared to penetrate his exposed asshole with a big thick dildo.
He groaned out loud.
Slowly, carefully, Jana placed the dildo's head on the distended ring.
Smoothly, slowly, she fucked deep into his hot twitching hole. His groan was loud and tortured in the now sunlit room.
"Arrgghhh ..."
She fucked another long slow stroke with a speed matching the slow travel of her fingers on the big organ she was masturbating.
"Unghhh ... Fuck it!"John groaned. He just couldn't help himself. The sight of the real prick being masturbated at his side was too much. He wanted to feel the dildo fuck into him hard, all the way up his wildly hungry hole.
"Fuck me!"he whispered hoarsely,"fuck me!"He was all horniness, the image in his mind now that of being slowly filled by the live cock just beside him. He felt first the entry, and then the wonderful slide as the delicious fullness slid for an incredible length up his bottom.
The magnificent blatant entry, publicly displayed to the watching man tipped John over to slide into total unashamed ecstasy.
His control disappeared, he could not, and did not want to control the incredible sexual pressure that now spread throughout his entire body. His head whipped back around to the front, just as Jana reached around him and grabbed his concrete pole. She squeezed his cock tightly as she began fucking his ass with the dildo.
"Yes, that's it,"Adam urged as he moved behind Jana and with a little effort squeezed his large dick into her hot swamped pussy."Fuck him - and I am going to fuck you too. Ahhhhh ..."
His entry made him groan. Jana came as he penetrated her to the root. The welcome thickness triggered her primed state so suddenly and nicely as he filled her, that she couldn't help it. She rode out her orgasm by fucking even more strongly into John.
"Ungghhh ...! Unghh ...! Arrghh ...! Unnngghhhh ...!"
John's grunts were completely unreserved now, the urgency getting into his voice as he climbed the peak to the biggest explosion of his life. The pressure inside him was higher than he had ever felt it. He felt all his energies gathering inside of him, making him hotter, but somehow it was like the thing up his ass put his cumming threshold up higher. The pressure built up until he thought he would pass out. He moaned with the exquisite torture of it, knowing that he would cum like he never had. Then, when he was almost beyond his limit of consciousness, the unstoppable rush to orgasm was upon him.
Dawn, miraculously recovered, sensed the impending explosion and scrambled into position below him, twisting herself so she was able to take her his throbbing dick into her mouth. Her mouth greedily engulfed the head while she held the shaft with both hands. She worked the thick head, sucking on it and willing it to fire its hot contents.
It was all to much for John. The long held-back orgasm rushed upon him, claiming him, burning up all the coordination circuits in his sizzling brain. Jana's feminine orgasmic cries echoed in the room, providing bacchic aural background to this his orgasm of all orgasms.
"Oh God! Oh God! I'M GONNA CUM!"John shouted, throwing his head back and rocking back in time to the thrusts into his rear. His rocking motions became disjointed as he thrashed in impending orgasm.
Dawn could not hold the wildly moving head in her mouth and helped out by pumping his pulsing tool. She tried to aim it to shoot into her open mouth but the first shot of thick cum flew onto her cheek. The second splashed her lips, before she corrected her aim and got the rest in her mouth.
"Ungh! Ungh! Ungh! Arrrrgghhhhhhh!...Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh!
John came for a long time, each shot of cum marked by a loud grunt. His loosened asshole added its sexual noises in the room, contributing liquid slurpy sounds of repeated penetration as Jana strongly fucked him through his orgasm.
Finally, John was spent and he collapsed into Dawn's embrace. His sweat-streaked face snuggled against her breasts, and he groaned against them when the big dildo pulled out of his hole.
Adam wasted no time in maneuvering Jana onto her back beside the fucked out lovers. Wanting her friends to watch the actual penetration, he placed her at good angle for the close range view. He held back a bit poised above her to be sure that John was watching.
Still breathing hard, John turned his head to watch his first live fuck.
He stared, amazed, as the thick head seemed to sink out of sight into Jana's now tiny looking pussy. Then a long gleaming length of shaft slowly sank into the girl. Her high pitched moan accompanied the slow penetration.
Two inches before the shaft disappeared, the generous hips began to rock the widespread rounded thighs back and forth in an uncoordinated rhythm. The motion seemed to offer up the speared junction to the thick stem buried in there. Jana's soft plump belly visibly roiled as she came, gasping and trembling on her boyfriend's initial penetration into her body.
"Aieeeeeee..." I'm...cummmmming. Eeeaahhh! Eeahhh!!"
The room echoed with the sounds of Jana's orgasm.
John looked up to Dawn and grinned."God, Jana does really love that cock!"
Dawn didn't answer. She was transfixed, her eyes staring at the huge veined thing that defied the bucking girl and inexorably pushed in to bury itself fully inside the wet junction. Her only reaction was when Jana made a particularly despairing moan when Adam's large head nudged all the way up to past her churning cervix. She moaned involuntarily in sexual empathy and her hands instinctively flew to caress her nipples. She licked her lips.
She saw the moment when the long slide ended and Adam's loosely hanging balls bumped against Jana's spread and wet bum. Her slightly dilated asshole was still twitching from the recent orgasm and it seemed to wink at the contact. Dawn imagined that it was her own tight pussy lips straining around that big organ. Amazed, she realized that she wanted nothing more but to feel it for herself!
The scandalous thought warmed her. She felt herself begin to get horny again. Her asshole twitched, still recovering and relaxing from John's earlier fucking. The image struck her then, of the deeply embedded dong that was buried in her friend's hot place instead being buried in her own. She knew then that she wanted and would get the same thing.
She saw it in her mind, the wonderful cock fully up her own pussy, filling her, straining her capacity for cock. The naughtiness of lusting for the real live cock that was fucking just in front of her eyes made her excited, and it was somehow being made better by the fact that John was just there beside her. She knew it was going to happen, she was going to get fucked with the biggest cock she had ever seen in her life! The realization made her shiver.
Jana's orgasm continued through to the full penetration. The way she was writhing and humping looked almost like she was trying to throw Adam off her. Only her delighted moans and gasps betrayed that she was instead fully enjoying herself. That, and the delightful sounds as her pussy gurgled and bubbled around the thick and welcome invasion.
Adam held himself up above Jana's body, displaying the sight and site of their joining for the benefit of their watching friends. The long forgotten dildo lay out to the side, strangely exiting to watch as it lay across on Jana's lower belly, thick head reaching past her navel. The angle at which it lay gave the impression that Adam's thicker dick had penetrated all the way up through her belly to poke up and flop onto her belly.
As John looked at it he was suddenly struck that Adam had seen him get fucked with a dildo that was almost as big the cock he carried. He must have known that John had loved it. He had seen John loving it. He had heard John's scream when the tightly held semen had burst form his insides, when a pounding dick made him spew out all his juices, unthinking and completely transported by the feeling in his asshole.
The thought made him feel funny, a feeling he couldn't describe. Then he realized that he was getting aroused thinking about getting fucked and at the same time watching the big cock fuck Jana's swollen and very wet pussy. His previously dead cock stirred and started to rise.
Then Adam started to really fuck Jana and John became mesmerized. He could not take is eyes off the sight of the coupling genitals. His previously spent cock stiffened. The long slow pull-out, the unwillingness of Jana's flesh to release the massive thing, the thick glistening rod slowly rising, seemingly growing out of the tight hole, rising, balls rising unbelievably high up above the wet junction, then the pause, and the very first continuous steady slide of the pole-like organ all the way down inside the wet hole. The sight was awesome, better than all the considerable porn he had seen in his life.
The squelchy sound that came as Adam wriggled his entire tool inside Jana filled the room. Bubbling, popping, slurping sounds were heard as Jana had another orgasm. The lewd sounds made John search for and suck on Dawn's hardening nipples. He slipped his fingers into her pussy and crooked them, using the hold to pull her strongly to his chest. His tugging mouth refused to release the stretched nipple so that one of her firm breasts was pulled to the side and up as they settled in to watch the fucking that was happening right before their eyes.
The steady strokes continued through Jana's orgasm. Midway through the young girls extreme undulations, a particularly loud plop sounded from the wet junction, and a small burst of spray shot from the seemingly airtight link between cock and pussy. The squirt sprayed onto Adam's groin, making a white ring of froth build at the base of his penis as he fucked on.
Jana was having a continuous string of orgasms, gasping, moaning, and undulating all over. Dawn's nipple in John's mouth was rock hard, and his two fingers remained crooked up inside her puss. His swollen dick bobbed up and down in rhythm to Adam's strokes. Dawn was running her fingers softly around the head, tracing its plum shape unconsciously.
For the first time Adam turned his head and looked directly at the couple. His pouting expression was sleepy with pure lust and extreme sexual heat.
"John, hey, why don't you come on up here,"he said, a smile coming to his lips as he said so."I wanna show you something I think you are gonna like...
"That is if Dawn will let that nice cock of yours free for a sec...,"he added with a laugh. All the while his long cock was sluicing in and out of Jana's soft pussy. He slowed some and swung his gaze to Dawn...
"You like what you see?"he asked her directly, as he pulled out his cock, and then slowly fucked it back in.
"Like that?"Eyes locked onto Dawn's, a little smile made its way past the tight look of concentration on his mouth as he controlled himself not to cum.
"Or that?"
"That" was a sudden fast withdrawal, followed by a long plunge all the way up the gurgling pussy.
It was followed by a long wail from Jana that was interrupted by a loud"Arghhhhh..."from Adam.
"She's coming!"He announced the room."She's cumming all round my dick...
"So Dawn, what did you say? Do you like this?"
He continued teasing her, as he now pulled out his thick wet dick so only the head remained inside the slick hole, then circling his hips all round, ass sticking out, he stirred his swollen glans all around his girlfriend's super-hot pussy.
Dawn's response was a moan followed by an awed whisper."This is so hot ..."
Then her loud"Oh God!"filled the room. Her exclamation followed closely on Adam's grunt and Jana's abandoned squeal.
Adam had just driven his cock all the way up into Jana in a long, deep and almost savage thrust. As he socked into Jana, Dawn convulsed, her own arousal making it easy to imagine that it was her own body that was so deeply impaled. John felt her spasm and eagerly fucked her with the two fingers she was tightly gripping in her pulsing pussy.
Now he finger fucked her as Adam watched. He looked frankly into his eyes, then shifted his gauze lower down to where Adam's thick cock was making small fucking motions into Jana. He smiled back up at Adam, not attempting to hide the fact that the sight aroused him. Their eyes communicated a bold unspoken pact between them. This was the time for open sexuality, a time for uninhibited sexuality, a time to enjoy their bodies and partners without any inhibitions. It was a time to connect and share.
As John looked on, Adam began fucking with strong strokes, which John now matched. The two girls were moaning in unison as their lovers matched each other's strokes. The girl's cries meshed, seeming to drive each other on an on, and it was apparent they were going to come soon, then...
Adam, spoke, breaking the spell, and winking at John, pulled out to Jana's disappointed"Unnnhhh..."to ask,"Hey John, I did invite you over here, you know. Cum on up here, you will like this.
"Dawn, just hold it there for just a while, I promise you that will not be disappointed,"he added as Dawn made her own vocal contribution to the girl-protest over denial of service. John had also pulled his fingers out from her almost cumming pussy.
"Come on up here,"Adam encouraged the puzzled John who moved to stand close behind him."Watch this."
John stared at as Adam placed his dick onto Jana's dripping hole. His vantage point was perfect. He could see everything, even the pulsing of Jana's pink pussy walls on the inside. Adam's cock looked really good. It was deliciously big, swollen and nicely shiny. John had always loved it when his own cock looked this good, hot and swollen from fucking. He looked down at it, the pulsing veins as well defined as on Adam's, only just a bit smaller but satisfyingly big all the same. He looked up to see Adam unashamedly looking at it too, admiring it.
Then, with a grin, Adam pushed all the way into Jana and proceeded to fuck her, motioning John even closer. John could tell that Jana was definitively heading for orgasm, Adam beckoned him closer and whispered into his ear."Hey, wanna do something really mind blowing?"
"Hell, Yeah!"John eagerly whispered back, excited by the yet unknown deed.
"OK,"Adam whispered."I am going to fuck her until she is just about to cum, then, when she is real close, I will pull out and you enter her as fast as you can. The fresh dick should make her feel real good-if we are lucky she will cum immediately you enter her.
Then you fuck her until she is close to cumming, and then let me back in! We repeat it - over and over again. It will be super-her hot. Her pussy cumming around your cock as soon as you slide in bro. I'm sure you will enjoy it,"he said with a knowing smile at John.
"Jesus!"
"Ready?"
"Jesus, man. Are you are serious?"
"Yes man, she loves doin' crazy stuff. And anyway, that big cock of yours says you are more than ready to go, so here goes!"
With that, he fucked is cock extra deep into Jana and laid on a fast, funky rhythm.
John stared, open mouthed, hard cocked. Adams thick tool looked even thicker as it barreled strongly in and out his girlfriend's squishy wet hole. Frothy juice coated the junction where the hot sex was happening just before his eyes. Jana's cries heated up, signaling the impending orgasm which suddenly eager John knew he was going to enjoy. Now he was desperate to plunge his own tool in to that wet place! He moved to kneel closer, right next to the fucking couple. His fist flew up and down his own ready tool with the rhythm of Adam's fucking. God, was he ready!
Just then, Dawn asked suspiciously,"Hey, what are you guys whispering about?"
Before any of the said guys could answer, Jana's rapidly escalating cries took an urgent tone and just as the first uncontrollable"Arghhh...Uh! Uh!"burst from her throat, Adam groaned and pulled out, his own thick cock threatening to burst.
John missed only the slightest beat before he shoved his cock in and buried it in to the hilt. The slight mis-beat served to tip Jana over the edge as she first lost the lovely dick, then felt an entirely different sensation as she was impaled in a way that felt entirely different. She just came.
John could feel the tight spasm all the way down the long slide into Jana's insides. Grinning inside, he exulted at the sheer physical pleasure of immediately fucking into an already hot, wet, clasping and cumming pussy. The added extreme lewdness of what they were doing transformed the experience to blow his mind even more.
He laid on as fast a rhythm as Adam had, wanting to keep Jana cumming around him for as long as he could. Her cries filled his ears and the room as her orgasm transported her to nirvana.
Dawn had seen her answer and it made her wild. She scrambled to knees so she could closely watch the tag-team play. Her own rapidly working fingers never left her own wet centre.
John's relatively new cock and rhythm were such a delight to Jana that the plump girl barley came down from her high as she continued getting it. She could only stick her ass out higher begging for a deeper shafting as another orgasm practically grabbed her, threatening to burst from her without warning as multiple orgasms often do. One more desperate thrust was all that John could manage before he too had to pull out with a groan as the wickedly tight pussy started its death grip around his tool.
She was already cumming when Adam rammed his world-class organ balls deep into her pussy.
"AIIIEEEE...!!"
The scream rocked the apartment. It was followed by explosive unintelligible gasps that announced to all that the lucky girl's brain was frying in sexual abandon. Her pussy bubbled and gurgled the trademark squelching sex sounds of an extremely wet pussy cumming around a desired hot cock.
Adam laid it into her, grabbing her by the hips and ramming full length strokes up into his hot girl. It was clear the lewdness of the situation was getting to him too and his grunts soon added their bass accompaniment to Jana's cries of female sexual abandon. He fucked on, driving her so rapidly to another orgasm that this time he did not get a chance to pull out before she started cumming. He practically had to hold out her bum away from his jerking tool so he could give John is turn to fuck his already cumming girlfriend.
"Ahh-!"John's forceful desperate entry cut short Jana's beginning moan, turning it immediately into a series of pleasurable cries as the orgasm repeatedly fed the hot penis it so wanted. The new tool caused different wonderful sensations that whirled crazily from clit to brain and round and around until Jana exploded into the biggest orgasm in her life.
It positively sucked John's semen from him as the hot girl orgasmed herself into oblivion. Limp, she flopped onto her belly, plump body jiggling as John followed her way down thrusting and squirting and jetting his hot semen into her hot hole.
They were both fucked out, Jana passed out and John just a heartbeat away from the same state, so strong and unexpected had been his orgasm.
Then Dawn's rising cries got through to him and caught his attention.
Groggily, he lifted his eyes and caught sight of an image that captured his full and rapidly awakened gaze. His girlfriend was on her back rapidly frigging her clit. Her long svelte legs were sprawled wide open granting her working fingers easy ready access to her own wide open split pussy. Adam was hovered above her, his large cock fully erect and nudging at the hot wet centre.
Dawn's slim fingers on her left hand dug into one side of her sweet pussy and spread it wide open, exposing the clit at the same time. Her right hand danced its frantic rhythm on the delicious sparking bud shooting constant ripples of pleasure through her body. John watched as the bulbous head of Adam's cock rubbed all over his girlfriend's inviting and slightly gaping hole.
Sometimes the head would seem to slip and bury itself halfway into the ready hole.
Dawn was writhing in arousal. She was moaning and jerking her hips up and around, asking for the penetration. She began to hump up and down more frantically, the irregular teasing almost-penetrations making her want it all.
John could imagine that she wanted the tool spearing into her boiling depths like he often did to her. The realization that his girlfriend was going to be fucked right in front of his eyes finally hit him, rocking him with this power and leaving him with a miraculously hard throbbing cock. It ached as he watched Adam draw his own cock head slowly up the gaping slit. Dawn bucked.
Adam leaned down and captured a rock hard tit in his lips. He sucked it in hard.
Dawn gasped and bucked up extra hard, sending a full half inch of the thick dick into herself. Her eyes fluttered open, fixing on John's face. Her lust blown gaze pleaded volumes.
John could give only one answer, his own very interested cock adding its powerful voice to the hot moment. Dawn saw his decision his eyes and reached out to thankfully clasp his hardening meat in her hot palm. She gripped it firmly and moaned, no doubt gaining comfort in the soft feel of the familiar flesh, while she anticipated the big hard one that was going to spear between her thighs. She then reached up and clutched his hand, as if seeking the comfort that he was there as she stepped out on to her adventure.
Adam felt the change, the crossing of the last barrier and signaled his understanding by boldly circling his huge head all round the hot hungry pussy. His own hungry look at John asked the final question from the man whose girlfriend he was about to fuck.
John gave the answer by making a fucking motion, thrusting his own crotch forward in a lewd"Fuck her!"gesture. Adam groaned, the utter depravity of the gesture not lost on him.
Then, a barely perceptible change in Adam's movements, and John knew that this was finally it. The very air in the bright sunshine lit room seemed to shiver in the anticipation, and Dawn's grip tightened in John's palm. She knew it was coming, she knew it was big, and she knew that she was going to get it. She stopped frigging herself, being too much on edge to maintain her concentration.
The thick tool speared slowly inside her. John watched as the slickened lips slowly spread open to accommodate the big plum head. They were then gradually pulled inwards, as if they had reached the limit and having no room to spread anymore, were now being forced to follow the penetrating tool as it delved into her insides.
Finally, the whole rod was buried unseen inside his girl, having gotten there by inexorably sliding in and pulling some of her lips in there with it despite the copious juices evidently running down the split ass crack. Reluctantly almost, as the huge penis bottomed out, the lips slowly spread some more, making it look almost like they were swelling and climbing up around a thoroughly welcome cock, allowing it to seat itself squarely inside the hungry pussy.
John felt when her first orgasm hit. It was only halfway through the penetration when Dawn's fingers clutched his in a death grip and a deep gasp made her chest heave and eyes open wide, unseeing. She continued her orgasm and spasmed again and again, making delightful mewling cries as Adam, seemingly oblivious to what was happening to her, slowly completed his first penetration into her. But his groan betrayed him and John was not surprised when he suddenly groaned and jerked his cock out, with a curse.
"No, No dammit! I am not gonna cum!"he growled to himself, fighting a massive battle to stop himself from blowing his semen all over the girl who was waiting for their first fuck. John enjoyed watching the struggle, perversely proud that his girl had within a few seconds of the fuck reduced the powerful stud to a shivering quivering wreck of uncontrollable sexual desire.
Adam won the fight, but only barely, and all could hear his sigh of relief as he got his control back. After a few seconds, he repositioned himself above her, ready to get back into the saddle.
John noticed that Jana had been awakened by Dawn's orgasmic cries, and was now awake, watching with interested eyes but still too out of it to do anything more. The knowledge that another girl was watching the rapidly developing proceedings aroused him and his own penis twitched as it began its way back to life.
Then John watched as the huge cock pulled out and lunged in deep to disappear between his girlfriend's wet junction with a single massive stroke.
For a second, the silence in the room seemed to hang reluctantly onto the coat-tails of Dawn's unbelieving gasp. For seemingly long minutes the only discernible action in the room was the uncontrolled twitching and trembling of her out-flung feet and her trembling toes, and then Dawn's long scream burst into the bright morning sunlight lit room.
"AAAAARRRGHHHHH...WoooooooooI!
"AM CUMMING! AH! Ah! Ah! Ahhhhhh...!
And boy was it so evident that Dawn was definitely and obviously cumming!
Her slim hips writhed in intricately complex sex-crazed circles. Her taut sweat streaked stomach roiled as her powerful trained muscles worked her lower body, her small pussy stretched wide tight around the thick big tool that tenaciously dug in deeper with every buck of her hips, screwing deeper with each roil of the pleasured girl's writhing dance.
John watched, mesmerized, as with a gigantic heave, the svelte girl incredibly threw Adam bodily up into the air, making his red, pulsing, slippery and shiny big muscle pop out from her with a loud plop. Her immediate loud moan was cut short a micro-second later when the angry rod, unerringly accurate, speared into the momentarily revealed wide open pussy on its powerful down stroke as Adam fell back onto her.
That short glimpse burned itself into John's brain. The deep pink surrounding the dark hole, a squirt of pussy juice leaping up after the withdrawing cock, and the bulbous head looking so much larger than the wet gaping hole it had just left. Then the cock reaching the height of its withdrawal, twitching and trembling, like an aroused cobra ready to strike into its target.
The loud wet slapping sound of the inevitable reconnection echoed in the room, and was immediately followed by loud and wetly squelching sounds as Adam got into the business of seriously fucking his friend's beautiful fiancée.
Dawn on her part was simply gone, her second orgasm on Adam's fat cock coming only five strokes into the strong fucking that she was now getting. The third orgasm was not far behind, then the fourth, and then the fifth, then the orgasms coming until she just melted and went into the multi-orgasmic state John knew and loved so well. He knew that her pussy was boiling and erupting in a steady boiling state that was one continuous orgasm.
John stared at the sight, switching his rapt attention from the speared wet junction that was his girlfriend's pussy to the rhythmically pistoning big rod that was Adam's extremely aroused penis. He switched to the incredibly beautiful face that was now covered with free flowing sweat and then back to the tight ass and working muscles that drove the thick penis in and out of her now frothy hole. He greedily drank in the sight of girlfriend's pleasure-contorted mouth and the thick stream of juice that had worked its way out from the tightly filled pussy to coat her asshole's swollen ring.
The slightly open anus winked at him in concert with the lewd rhythm of the powerful fuck its neighbor was getting.
Dawn was getting it real good. It was obvious that her entire being was locked into the waves of pleasure that the thick organ was pumping into her cunt, and it seemed that she loved it so much that she could pass out any minute. Any additional proof as to how well his girlfriend was getting fucked was available in the way her usually bright eyes had rolled up into their sockets till the whites almost showed.
Bewitched by his girlfriend's boiling sexuality, he leaned forward for a kiss, more in love with her at this time than at any other time before. His lips caught hers in a lip lock, the resultant deep kiss searing her burning sexuality deep into the roots of his brain as she came again, a deep orgasm that turned her entire body to mush and her mouth into a bottomless hot pit of previously undiscovered wonder.
He continued kissing her as Adam fucked on, enjoying feeling her reactions as his friend's thick cock speared repeatedly into her. He could tell each orgasm by the sudden easy fluidity of her body every time she boiled over. They were coming even more easily now as she gave herself over to the two men who were so delightfully fucking her. The love she shared with John left her wide open, easily sending her to heaven on Adams cock as he repeatedly filled her burning cunt.
John's fingers wandered down to Dawn's left tit to find it enjoying Adam's ministrations, and drawing a moan from her as she momentarily felt the different sets of fingers on the tit. Moving across to the other rock hard nub, John gave it a sharp squeeze, reminding her that he knew what she liked. She squealed and kissed him back ferociously, an orgasm again bubbling from her as her body reacted to the familiar touch.
Drawing back, John sat back on his heels to watch. His cock throbbed, the large defined veins pulsing as he fixed his attention to the fucking his fiancée was getting.
He was so aroused by the sight. His girlfriend was getting the fucking of her life and he wanted nothing more than to see the thick rigid tool spearing repeatedly into her, causing her to buck up, cry, moan, and writhe. The swollen penis was now the centre of his attention, he imagined he was it, that it was his head that was pushing into the humid depths. It was him, his whole body that was forcing apart the pussy's inner walls, causing sparks of electricity to burn all along the slick walls, his whole self fucking and spearing into the soft girl as she moaned and squealed her pleasure.
Mesmerized, he stared at Adam's tight buttocks, watching as they alternately loosened when he drew back and clenching tight when on every instroke he sent his hot hard cock up into his best friend's girl.
John could well imagine the pussy lock Dawn had on Adam, having felt it himself many wonderful times before. Dawn really had the tightest pussy that he had ever fucked, and it became super tight and extra slick whenever she came. He was sure Adam was in sexual heaven and wouldn't be lasting very long.
Adam was however not about to make the mistake of coming too soon in the delightful new pussy. He slowed down to really enjoy the feeling of his thick organ ploughing in and out of his friend's fiancée's insides. John watched as the long thick organ slowed rhythm to now firmly and deliberately slide in and out with a more imperious rhythm, Adam making sure that Dawn felt every throbbing millimeter of his thick superheated penis.
As he watched, he focused on her exposed asshole. Its raised rim was slightly distended, and the hole itself was getting repeatedly stretched open, winking at him in time to the spreading and pulling from the large rod spearing into the hole just above. Then suddenly, he saw it clench tight, and a loud cry burst from Dawn accompanied by a big bubbling bursting sound escaping from her pussy's tight seal around Adam's cock.
She was coming again as her body adjusted to the new slower but much more sensitive rhythm that Adam was now using to cause her exquisite slow pleasure. He slowed down further, fucking her real slow now, drawing his tool all but out, till the tip only just grazed the wet distended hole of the still cumming pussy, then slowly deliberately sliding it in, almost teasing her, making her desperate to get it all into her and making her moan and plead and work her hips, desperate for the organ that gave her no quarter but inexorably forced itself into her pulsing centre as her boyfriend watched. Her long drawn out moan said it all, the sound deep and growling, her eyes rolled up into her head.
John was mesmerized at the amazing sight of his fiancée coming purely on the slow slide of Adam's cock. The slow speed made it all the more wanton as there was no distraction of working pounding bodies, just this merciless raw sexual sliding of rampant cock into soft wet pussy. He was more aroused than he had ever been as he enjoyed the sight of the big cock fucking his girl.
As Dawn's satisfied groan echoed in the room, John felt the head of his penis engulfed in a warm wet mouth. He gasped when a warm tongue slowly licked its way round the thick bulb, and he added his own strong moan when the slithering tip bisected his glans, teasing along the wide, swollen slit.
"Ungghhhhh...!,"he moaned again, as he watched Adam pull is cock all the way out from Dawn, then spear her with a long slow stroke that again buried the big cock balls deep into the pleasured girl. There was a squelching sound as Adam's groin mashed fully into Dawn's, leaving only the big loose balls to dangle outside pressed against her asshole. She was enjoying 8 inches of manmeat stuck inside of her sleek slim body and her delighted gurgle announced it to all.
John's own deep groan immediately followed his fiancée's announcement of pleasure when Jana's hot throat slid itself down against his glans until her wet lips nuzzled against his thick base. She hummed around him, sending delightful vibrations coursing through his body.
Adam chose that moment to again pull his cock all the way out from Dawn's body, then shove it back in the now distended hole with gleeful and delighted force.
Her heartfelt groan called out to John, and he twisted his way back to her mouth for a kiss. As they kissed, he felt her tense and relax as she came again. Her hot breast pressed against his upper body, a rock hard tit poking into is chest. He was pressed close to her side to leave room for Adam to continue fucking her, and Jana to continue swallowing his cock. Dawn continued gurgling the pleasure of her orgasm into his mouth, seeking his entire tongue and willing him to fuck her mouth with it.
John timed his thrusts to coincide with Adam's, driving Dawn further into sexual abandon. His groping, clutching hand instinctively moved down her chest to seek her left nipple but he found that Adam already there with the entire tight breast wrapped inside his huge palm. He was molding and squeezing to it to the rhythm of his deep fucking strokes.
The awareness of what they were doing, the orgy they were having, shocked into John all over again. His hot fingers searched for and found Dawn's other nipple and he squeezed hard on it with all the passion he was feeling. She absolutely loved having her nipples tortured when she was turned on, and today was no exception as the pain translated to sweet wanton pleasure.
She found her voice again, urging him to squeeze the nipple harder.
"Squeeze it! Come on, squeeze it hard!" She urged him on, gasping and bucking her chest up in offering to the two men who were fucking her and playing with her body.
He squeezed as ordered. The sweet pain rocked through to her clit, causing a fire to start there, a fire that was quickly fanned into an explosion by the smooth thick friction of the big rod in her pussy.
"Fuck, it! Fuck, Fuck, Fuck, Fuck,"she shouted, urging Adam on, going into another paroxysm of orgasm as she started coming again.
Adam picked up on what John was doing and squeezed hard on the nipple he had appropriated, intensifying the orgasm and sending Dawn higher into orbit.
Eager to add a different sensation, John changed tactics and pulled out on the nipple as far out as it go, making his absolutely fucked girlfriend loose it with a wild howl as her orgasm intensified.
Adam added his own groan, the feel and spectacle of the super fuck nudging him towards his own long held back orgasm. John also added his own deep bass groan into the mix of sexual sounds when Jana's tight throat suddenly engulfed his entire cock.
All four were now nothing more than sexually charged creatures, driven by the sexual hormones coursing through their brains, their bodies eager for all the sexual sensation they could get. The orgy had assumed a life of its own and the meaning was pure sexuality.
"Jesus, Jana, I am getting so fucked,"Dawn called to her friend, moaning at the same time as she added to her own arousal by vocalizing what was happening to her. She had to raise her voice to be heard against the loud slurpy liquid sounds that were coming from her own frothy wet vagina."Your boyfriend is fucking me so good!"
"Yes I know- "Jana's muffled voice agreed."Actually, I can see that,"she amended after a pause, her voice clear now after popping John's penis out from her mouth to gasp for air. Adam reached down to cup Dawn' buttocks in both his palms, to enable him forcefully screw his tool into her as she orgasmed. Her left tit was swinging rhythmically to the rhythm of the Adam's fucking and Jana reached out to grab the tight boob.
Dawn moaned as her friend's hot, soft fingers teased on her breast and nipple, softly sliding out on the soft flesh to the tip, stroking, teasing, urging her on.
"Come, on Dawn, tell us what is happening to you. Tell John how you are getting fucked,"she urged.
"Oh God,"Dawn gasped, the bluntness of the suggestion heating her up, adding to the debauchery of the orgy.
"Come on, tell us. How does Adam's cock feel in your small pussy? Is it big?"Jana pressed.
"His-, his cock is inside me... It is-. Jesus! It is so big!
"Aieeee... . Fuck, Don't stop!"
"Uh. Uh. Uh."Dawn's grunts of disappointment dripped hot lust,"he isn't moving now..."
Then,
"Ungghhh!
"Aiee!
"Aieee!"
Adam's surprise - three full length plunges into her sizzling pussy- needed no other commentary.
"Please, ummnhhh, please... Put it back in. Please...fuck me...please...,"Dawn pleaded.
"Ummnnhhh..."Her thick groan of relief oozed sexual pleasure.
Happy again, she carried on with her commentary.
"He is pressing it in. His thick cock is entering me again. It feels so good. It is slow...so slow... It is getting bigger. It is so thick! So nice...so hot... . I can feel it-. God! It is not stopping!"Dawn cried out, her voice cracking with pleasure!
"It is so long..." she said wonderingly.
A little while later...
"Jesus, Adam, you have such a big cock!" She exclaimed. "It's in all the way up my cunt and it's so full inside me. It feels so good!
"Uummnnhhh...so good. I can really feel it. It is so big! God! I feel so full... I feel so good!
"Jesus! He is pulling it out now! Slowly ...It's so long...and th-thick... So thick...Umhhhh- Ahhiieeee...! Don't pull it out, pleeease don't- Ah, Ahhhh...that's it, put it back in, fuck me. Push it in, all of it, all- Arghhh!
"Uummnnhhh... Jesus, it's all in now-all of it...
"Unghhh!
"He's just fucked it into me, split me...
"Oh God!"
"Again! Again! Drive that thing into me again! Fuck me!
"Argh!
"Again! Fuck, me!
"Argh!
"Again!
"Argh!
"Like that-Argh!
"Again! Argh! Don't stop!
"Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh! Argh!
"Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuckme!Fuckme!Fuck'me! Fuck, Fuck,Fuck meeeeeeee! Fuck!! Arghhh...Am Cumming!...
Uueeeee!! Uueeehhhh!! Uuueeeee...Dawn's screams rang out loud in the bedroom, her sexual pleasure too much to contain.
"Aieeeeeeee, You are killing me...Argh- Argh- Argh! Again, Oh God, Am cummng again! Uuueeee!!
Uhmmmmhhh... Ummhhh... mmmhhhhh..."
Dawn's contented sighs made John feel good that he had allowed her to feel so much pleasure. He stared at where Adam's thick cock disappeared into his fucked out girlfriend through a ring of sexual froth. He felt a rush through his head as he imagined how she felt with her pussy stretched around the big organ.
Adam choose just that moment to slowly pull his rod out from Dawn. John stared as the thick rod glistening with his girlfriend's juices slowly emerged, thick veins swollen and pulsing with restrained passion. The big plum head looked enormous, dark purple, connected to the now gaping opening by a tendril of juice.
Dawn moaned as her pussy was vacated, complaining as the sensation of being delightfully filled disappeared. She weakly humped her hips up trying to reach the big rod. She whimpered in desperate disappointment. Her pussy lips, rimmed white around her hole, seemed to wink, twitching as she strained her hips.
"How was that?"Jana asked her sweaty friend.
"Ahhhh...it was so good- I am sooo fucked!
"Please put it back in. Fuck my pussy please...!"
"Your little pussy wants such a big cock in it?"
"Jesus, Jana, yes! I'll get you for this!
Adam, Please fuck me!"Dawn wailed unashamedly, the hot hunger in her pussy overriding all else.
"Aahhh,"Jana teased,"so you really do want your little pussy fucked, don't you?"
She moved her hand lower down Dawn's chest, reaching out to draw out one swinging nipple as she teased the hot girl.
Dawn moaned as her friend's hot fingers teased her nipple. The soft hot touch sent a lance of fire straight to her fucked pussy. It was achingly empty, desperately desiring to have the hot cock that had just vacated its wetness. She wanted the cock back in there!
"So, you want some more, do you? And how does your hot little pussy feel? Come on tell us, let us know how good you are feeling."Jana was fully caught up in the sexuality of the moment and was enjoying the naughty vocalization.
"Jesus! Aeeiii...God! I feel so...empty!
"I am hot...wet... Jesus, Adam fuck me please!Dawn's breathless voice was thick with need and lust.
"Ok, baby,"Adams voice was unexpectedly deep,"here it comes again. Tell us how it feels."
His voice sounded surprisingly sexy to John. Maybe that had something to do with the fact that he was watching the owner's thick and wet penis, the tiny part of his brain that was somehow not lust crazed told him. The large organ was pulsing all along its length as it aimed at his fiancée's froth rimmed vulva. His own cock throbbed at the sight. It was unbelievably sexy! The sight of an sex hungry, hot throbbing penis was turning him on.
"Jesus! I can feel the head, its touching my pussy! It's pushing in... I can feel my pussy spreading...
"Argh- It is so wide. It is stretching me! Jesus! It feels so good!
"Uhmigoshhhh...! Its thick!... Hard...Deeper...
"Aieeee...It's touched my cervix! Unghhh...He is in...all the way...his big thick penis is inside my womb!
"Unnghhh...! He twitched it!
"Unnghhh...! He twitched it again!
"Ahh...Ahh...Ahh... He is making it pulse inside me. It is throbbing so big! God, I feel so full... Ahhh... It feels so good-"
Jana broke into the running commentary, her voice sounding loud in the absorbed silence."John, why don't you be a good dear and get us a joint as Adam fucks your girlfriend?
"And get us some more KY too..."she added, almost as a causal afterthought.
"John?"
Jana's prompt moved the mesmerized John into a perceptible start.
"Or would you rather wait and watch Dawn come for us?
"On Adam's thick cock,"she added, quite unnecessarily, enjoying playing out the scene for all it was worth.
The answer came in a thick groan that was hot with lust.
"OK Adam, you heard the good fiancé. Make his girl cum now,"Jana ordered.
"She wants to come for us, don't you Dawn? Cum on girl let's see you get fucked! Cum for us!"
Dawn responded by throwing her legs up and wide apart, so widely apart that her penetrated pussy was the highest part of her lithe, sweat streaked body. Adam's thick black cock was in full plain sight as it drew out to full shiny length. They all watched it spear all the way down and inside into the wet slit that waited down below it-
-and immediately begun to fuck it with hard pumping strokes, driven by the muscled body.
"Ooeee! Ooeee! Ooeee! Ooeee! Ooeee!"
Each thrust produced the abandoned sexual cry, each successive sound climbing in pitch with rapidly increasing desperation.
It took only a few strokes, and then Dawn's orgasmic scream rang through the bedroom.
John's neighbor, a reserved, executive looking brunette with whom he had never exchanged more than a casual nod, was just then going into her apartment next-door. She heard the sound of a woman's unbridled pleasure spiraling out of control and available for anyone who cared to hear.
And oh yes, she did care to hear it. She had just spent a thoroughly frustrating afternoon at the tennis club, watching the instructor spend all his time working on a nubile, snooty teen blonde into whose pants he obviously wanted to get.
Someone is getting it real good right now, she told herself. Most probably it's that cute athlete, she imagined, visualizing her good looking neighbor ploughing his yet unseen but often dreamt-of cock ploughing into a wet and tight pink pussy. It made matters worse that she would have killed to have a body like that of the girl at the tennis club. As the nasty images filled her mind, she felt herself getting wet.
I'll use the big black one, she decided, knowing that as she masturbated in her bed, she would be listening jealously to the on-going lusty fuck. Apparently, her good looking neighbor had not yet cottoned on to the fact that their bedrooms were next to each other and were connected by the air-conditioning ducts. The system acted as an excellent sound channel, and she had listened to virtually all his fucks over the last two years.
But despite all the aural and imaginary visual stimulation, she never seemed able to attract his attention, or for that matter, to get anyone else in her circles to scratch the now constant itch in her always wet pussy. None of the blow-dried smooth yuppies came close to appearing real and caring enough for her to want to fuck. She was still so much a product of her conservative upbringing that she could never have thought of going out to a bar or wherever and picking up strangers to fuck.
Hence her impressive collection of dildos, the buying habit fed by her increasingly wild fantasies featuring the good looking neighbor. Just like her collection of sexual toys, her fantasies had gradually gone beyond anything that she could ever have imagined before she moved into the apartment.
A testament to her sexual development was the growing itch and beating pulse in her asshole that was often the grateful frequent recipient of her current favorite, the big black dildo. She was imagining it stuck balls-deep up her throbbing rear passage.
"God, Beth,"she told herself,"I am really turned on. Without knowing it, he is going to fuck me again.
I am such a horny slut.
I might be losing it - ...
Pause.
"But I don't care!"
She hastily fumbled in her bag, dripping pussy and pulsing asshole not helping. Her keys continued their exasperating hide-and-seek game in her big gym bag for a few more seconds, making her frustrations raise rapidly, until her finally finding them was cause for an exultant"Yes!"when she fished them out.
"Ass, here we come," she naughtily thought herself, as she hurried across the living room, fingers already at the zipper of her stylish hip-hugging tracksuit. She was naked before she entered the bedroom, taking the last two steps in an awkward waddle with two fingers already deep inside her dripping pussy.
Five seconds later, Dawn's next cry was accompanied by Beth's feverish orgasm, brought on by the fact that the older woman was sprawled on her back on the bed, legs spread wide open, long slim fingers feverishly working the taut bud at the apex of her very wet slit.
Just then Dawn's animal cry hit another loud despairing peak as she came again!
"Wuuuiiiiieee!!"
Close behind, Beth followed with her own orgasm, coming again as she added another finger and furiously pumped all three slim digits all the way up her hole. Her own desperate moans rose rapidly to a shriek that filled her bedroom. She luxuriated in her orgasm, keeping up her moans in tempo with those of the unknown girl getting fucked in the adjoining room.
They both rode out their pleasure - Dawn enjoying the organ repeatedly driving into her slim body, Beth delighting in her self-pleasure, each girl writhing uncontrollably as their hot genitals took centre stage.
As Beth came down from her high, she could quite clearly hear the sighs and moans coming from the adjoining apartment. Then she heard a new voice speak out above the soft sounds of sexual satisfaction.
A naughty thrill shot through her when she realized that there were two women in the room!
"John...?It was the unknown woman's voice, soft and obviously aroused.
"John, the joint?"
"OK, ok, I am going,"her neighbor's familiar voice answered.
"If you are good boy,"the woman's voice continued,"I promise to blow your mind."
"More? How?"
"Just wait, you will see. Trust me. I promise you more than you have ever imagined. You just be a good boy now and we will just continue fucking your fiancée as we wait for you to come back."
Beth couldn't believe what her ears were hearing. Was the unknown woman referring to herself as we, as the royals do, or was it just possible that there was someone else in the room? Was there another man?
And what was it that her neighbor was asked to get? A joint? Could it be that they taking pot in there?
She strained to hear more, absently caressing her right nipple, thinking that she had just discovered the source of the slightly burnt smell she had occasionally sensed around the apartment. Her next door neighbor was definitely turning out to be more interesting than she'd thought.
In the room that was just a wall away and full of a healthy sex-smell, Jana smiled teasingly up at John as he backed up off the bed, eyes glued to the junction of his fiancée's thighs where Adam's thick cock continued a slow in and out. Jana teasingly touched the tip of her forefinger against Dawn's peeping clit that was just beginning to emerge from under the hood after her most recent orgasm.
"Oh God! Jesus, Jana, you are incredible,"John groaned.
"Remember, you behave like a good boy and there will be more to come,"Jana urged, motioning him to move back off the bed.
"OK, OK, I am gone,"John hastily said as he walked backwards to the door.
He headed into the kitchen, where he and Dawn occasionally smoked pot on Fridays and weekends when they wanted to unwind after an especially tough week. The powerful air-conditioning fans in the kitchen vented from high above the roof of the apartment, safely releasing the unmistakable aroma of pot away from potentially inquisitive noses.
He retrieved a joint from the stack hidden together with the spice-holders and used the gas oven lighter to get it alight. Then he turned his attention back through the wide open doors to watch the sex play going on in his bedroom
Just as the first deep toke hit his already inflamed brain, he took in the sight of Jana pressing her tongue into Adam's asshole. With both hands, she was pulling apart his tight buns so she could reach deep into the revealed crevice. When she briefly leaned back for air, he glimpsed Adam's stretched hole before she quickly dove back in to spear into it with her pointed tongue.
The lewd play and the powerful pot combined to arouse him even more, and in a way he had never felt before. His own asshole twitched, once, then again, almost fluttering in excitement. He took a long, deep toke to steady himself. It exploded in his head and his erection jerked and throbbed.
Mesmerized, he stared as Jana brought her index finger slowly to Adam's now wide-open and wet asshole. His slow fucks into Dawn stuttered briefly as he groaned then pushed back onto the teasing digit.
The slim digit slowly slid in, all the way inside, until John found himself staring at Adam's smooth ass that had a girl's finger buried inside. His own member throbbed for attention, forcing his eyes away from the scene as he looked down onto his own pulsing member. A large bead of pre-cum quickly filled up on the thick head. The bead quickly overflowed over the opened-out slit and dripped down, slowly descending as it stretched into a long, clingy strand that attached it to the swollen penis. The thread broke and the dangling remnant sprung back up, pulled further up as his penis bobbed up and down in sympathetic reaction.
Groaning, he turned his eyes back on the incredibly arousing sight in front of his eyes, more turned on than he had ever been in his life.
He watched as Jana began to slowly fuck Adam's asshole with her finger. She paused a bit, drawing a disappointed moan from Adam, but it was only so she could reach out for the KY jelly. Carefully, she dropped a generous glob onto the junction of her finger and his tight hole.
Appreciating the intrusion, Adam ceased fucking into Dawn and wriggled his butt, requesting for more anal play as he groaned with pleasure.
She slowly and deliberately lubed him up, enjoying tracing the raised anal-ridge with the pads of her fingers, and occasionally going lightly inside with her fingertips.
After some time she paused, indicating she was done. Adam continued his long fuck-strokes into Dawn. Jane carefully aligned herself and her buried finger, so that as Adam fucked the other girl, he was also smoothly fucking himself on Jane's her soft digit.
John could see that Adam loved it from the way he would wriggle his ass, pressing it back onto Jana's fingers, holding there for a second, then spearing his thick rod forward into Dawn with a deep groan. Fascinated, John watched as Jana worked a second finger in, stretching open the hole even further.
He loved it even more when he the sounds became louder. Each pull-back was accompanied by the deep bass groan of a man getting fucked, and each inward stroke into Dana was accompanied by the grunt of a man fucking. It was lewd and dirty and so hot. His own penis bobbed up and down watched. Dawn resumed her moaning as Adam's thick cock repeatedly drove all the way up her hot tunnel, her highly-pitched feminine cries providing a perfect counterpoint to the deep-bass male sounds.
John suddenly realized that Jana was working up to fucking Adam with the big thick dildo that had earlier fucked his own rear hole. With a sudden wave of hot excitement, he realized that he really wanted to see that happen.
Dawn's heartfelt cries of sexual pleasure filled the room, as did the rhythmic slapping sounds of Adam's groin bumping against her upturned ass, and the contrasting sounds of the men groaning and grunting. Like well-tuned congas, the squelchy sounds of Adam's thick cock sliding in and out of her wet vagina completed the sexual symphony.
John found himself at the side of the bed. He did not recall getting there.
"Ah! The sexy boy is back,"Jana teased, smiling him. She stopped her ministrations to Adam's backside to beckon John closer. Somehow, she had found and retrieved the black phallus, and used it to waving him in closer.
"Care to let some of us catch a hit?"she asked.
The pot in his mind made everything more intense to John. Jana appeared to him like a sex goddess, her beautiful large, pink nipples pointing at him from the tops of her full firm breasts.
Spellbound, he walked up to her and offered her remaining half-joint.
She reached for it and at the same time used the black dick to stroke his throbbing cock. A wild rush of excitement surged through his body. He shivered and looked down to the big drop of precum that had immediately welled up from his thick head.
Jana took several deep tokes, all the while stroking his dick with the slimy dildo. She slid it up and down with a slow steady rhythm, the thick silicone shaft rubbing against the hot flesh shaft. All the time she looked up into his eyes with a steady look, daring him, licking her lips and looking hot and sultry.
Reaching around, she placed the joint between Adam's lips. He took a deep toke, groaned, and fucked into Dawn with a strong thrust. He took another deep toke, and fucked into Dawn again with another strong thrust, then took another toke, which he followed with another powerful stroke, and then repeated the cycle over and over, until he set up strong, measured rhythm, puffing the smoke around him like a steam engine. Soon a cloud of potent grass smoke swirled around his head like a halo.
A deep moan came from his throat as Dawn bucked and squirmed against his thick rod that had just made her cum again.
Jana was not about to let such an event go unnoticed."Hey lover boy,"she said to John, "when a girl comes she deserves a smoke. Why don't you pass the joint to Dawn? I am sure she will appreciate it."
John did as requested and taking the joint from Adam, presented it to Dawn's lips and held it for her as she took a deep pull. He received reward and encouragement by way of the warm feeling around his thick manhood as Dawn reached back wrap her hot, moist palm around as much of it as she could. Using his cock, she steered him forward to stand close to her head.
The slim girl groggily turned her head to look up at him. Her face was flushed and dripping sweat. She looked more beautiful than John had ever seen her. Her sex-stoned eyes were liquid pools of lust and abandon, but John cold see her love for him shining through. He couldn't resist the urge, and leant down to kiss her. The kiss was wet, long, and squelchy. Her face was all warm and soft cupped in his palms.
The rhythmic stroke of Adam's fucking made the kiss difficult to hold. Struggling a bit because the thick tool that was stroking inside her was interfering with her coordination, Dawn raised herself higher onto her hands and knees, seeking better contact for the kiss. She eagerly sought and established good tongue lock with John. They kissed deeply, swaying in tune to the rhythm of Adam fucking her.
"I really could get used to this," John thought, his stoned mind re-painting a vivid mental picture of the scene they created. He relaxed into the kiss, swaying back and forth, visualizing in his minds eye the thick cockhead traveling in and out of his fiancée's tight tunnel. He relished the vibration in her throat as she moaned again, the combination of the kissing and the fucking starting to overwhelm her.
"Hey, let the lady smoke,"Jana The Porn Director called out, breaking the mood. He reluctantly stopped the kiss and looked over at her. She beckoned him over.
"Come here and watch something."
Curious, mellowed by the long sensual kiss and the pot, he didn't complain and just moved back to her side.
She picked up the tube of KY and squeezed a large drop onto her palm. Then she slid the big dildo through her slightly cupped palm, fucking the half channel she had created. She twisted and turned it as it slid through, smiling wickedly at John as she did so.
"Is this the way you guys fuck us small girls?she asked in her play voice.
Do you slide it in deep like this?"She shoved the phallus all the way through until the lifelike balls were pressed up tight against the base of the cylinder made from her palm.
Her fingers reached only halfway around the thick shaft, leaving a wide area of the black width open to John's enraptured gaze.
And then pull it out like this?She withdrew the shaft slowly, looking into John's eyes, smirking softly.
And you guys are so bad. Soooo bad. You make us beg for it to be put back...when you pull it out, you make us beg you to put it back in, to fuck us,"she crooned as she continued her naughty game.
"I can feel how our pussies feel to you when you slide your big things inside us. Am I fucking well? Do you do it like this yourself? Like when you fucked me in the ass, did you feel your cock spread me open like this?"
She was now fucking her hand with deliberate, even strokes, back and forth, each in-stroke making a long length of the dildo poke its way out from the top of her palm.
The big cock was now well lubed, as was her entire palm. She formed her palm into a karate chop, and insinuated it in between Adam's still fucking ass. He groaned and pushed back against it, changing his fucking motion to hump up and down against the soft flesh of Jana's palm that was fully embedded in his now glistening crack.
Smiling, Jana exchanged the dildo for her palm, sliding it between Adam's tight cheeks and sliding it up and down. The KY jelly made the head slide deep into the crack, separating the valley widely as it slid up and down.
John could tell that Adam loved it. His fucking rhythm and strokes changed as he contrived to rub his hot hole against the big knob occasionally prodding against it. His moans were louder now, and John could tell that his excitement was rapidly increasing.
Adam reached back and split his buttock cheeks open. His tiny hole winked at his audience. John stared, mesmerized. The sense of watching the forbidden washed over him, mixing effects with the pot until he felt like he was losing reality and entering another world.
Jana slid the black cock over the small hole, making the hole twitch, and causing Adam to ram his own cock deep all the into Dawn. Then Jana changed her strokes to start moving the dildo back and forth in short strokes until the hole was slightly wider and as wet as the rest of the crack.
Winking at John before carefully returning to her self-appointed task, she carefully centered the thick pointy head against the hole and gave a slight push. Adam groaned and pushed back onto the wide invader.
With a sense of wonderment and sporting the hardest erection that he had ever had, John stared as the black organ penetrated Adam. Two inches slid in smoothly before Jana paused and slowly withdrew the entire buried length.
John could tell the disappointment in Adam's deep groan, as he felt his own anticipation building. He wished Jana would stop the teasing and get right down to it. Never had he wanted to see anything more in his entire life. He really wanted to see Adam get fucked! He wanted to see Jana bury the entire length of the thick tool balls deep into Adam's tight asshole.
A bigger groan came from Adam, one in which John could plainly distinguish the disappointment. He almost groaned himself, his own sense of frustration building.
So it was with considerable shock that he felt Jana wipe her palm off against his own hot, swollen cock, liberally coating it with the slick jelly. She held it up from beneath, as she carefully pulled it and him forward so she could touch the thick tip onto Adams now wide open hole.
She grinned up at him and winked.
"Huh?"
Jana was excited herself, gleeful even."In here buddy, we're gonna go right inside and take ourselves one naughty ride,"she said, drawing out the words like a circus presenter.
"Huh...?"John still hadn't gotten his tongue back.
"Come on, in you go. Push it in!"
John couldn't believe that Jana seemed to be telling him what he thought."Huh...? Are- Are you... are you serious?"
Jana was thoroughly enjoying herself."Damn right. We're gonna fuck ourselves a man!
"Now, come on, fuck your big strong dick in there,"she urged, pulling his cock forward so the blunt tip touched Adam slightly. The electric touch made John jerk backwards involuntarily.
Unbelieving, shocked into silence, blood rushing through his sex and pot-stoned brain, John looked on, feeling slightly detached. It was like he was watching someone else's cock being gripped by the cute fingers with bright red nail polish.
Events seemed to flow in slow motion, every detail made super clear by the pot and his arousal.
He watched Adam's back muscles rippling as he continued fucking Dawn.
He saw the powerful ass muscles clench tight, then release, clench, then release, describing an oddly animalistic rhythm.
He saw him change his stance so he was squatting slightly, just enough to better align his anal hole up against the tip of John's intensely throbbing penis.
He watched as his blunt cock-head approached and touched Adam's tiny butt-hole.
He watched as the tiny hole gradually opened out from the pressure, slowly widening until it was distended enough to take in the top third of his cock's big plum head.
Jana moved around to stand by Adam's side. She reached around to cup his buttock cheeks in her palms, then spread them out to split him wide open.
"Here it comes baby, take it for me,"she whispered into his ear. They all heard her, as it was intended.
Hearing her naughty request made Adam instinctively fuck forward into Dawn. He held himself pressed tight and inside her hot tunnel, a hot flash of lust coursing through his superheated body.
Jana luxuriated in the feeling that she was causing in him and sought to make it even better. She spread the wide-open bum further open, as wide as was possible, making Adam shiver down the length of his entire body. He wriggled his bum, his stretched asshole twitching as he remained pressed deep inside Dawn. She loved it, adding her own deep groan to the hot mix.
John marveled at how he could see right inside Adam's opened out hole, He could clearly make out the slight twitches it was making. Dawn's moans made it worse - he could see in his mind's eye the picture of the large cock on the other side of Adam's body being fully embedded inside in his girlfriend.
Jana started talking dirty, making hot and nasty comments that added burning fuel to the already raging lust filling the room."Fuck him baby,"she urged."Fuck my baby's tight asshole as he does your fiancée. I want you to fuck this big cock into his tight bum until you make him cum into your girlfriend."
She tugged impatiently at the rod pulsating thickly in her hand, urging it forward to spear into the small hole before it."Come on, shove it in,"she pressed urgently."He loves it! He loves his hole filled with a big, hot, thick dick like this one. Come on, fuck it inside him!"
John was powerless in her superheated grip. He felt himself being drawn forward by Jana's warm and tight grip on his cock. Mesmerized, he watched as his suddenly massive looking cock began to slowly slide into Adam, slowly spreading apart the too-small looking hole. He watched the widespread ass-cheeks clench and release, and then clench again.
Then, quite unexpectedly, he felt his cock gloriously slide in as the horny heated ring easily relaxed.
The sensation was unlike any other he had ever felt before. A firm hold, like a man's handgrip, strong and assured, yet slick and yielding at the same time. And burning hot!
His cock was in a sweet furnace, sending erotic sensations shooting up and down his body. His brain flip-flopped in his pot aroused head, finally turning into hyper-fired mush as he drew his cock back and drove it forward, his first full fuck-thrust into another male. He absolutely loved it, the power rush, the strong arousal in his cock. He loved too the strong response beneath him as Adam bucked backwards into him, seeking with his hot insides the thick organ that was filling his aroused rectum with such incredible pleasure.
"Arrgghhhhhh ..."Adam's thick groan was full of unashamed male pleasure as he felt himself fully penetrated. John felt it add to his own heat, making his engorged cock swell even thicker.
"Unghhhhhhh ..."His own moan was heartfelt and loud. He pulled out and thrust back in with a full unrestrained stroke, fucking deeply into the strong male beneath him. Again, he pulled out and thrust strongly back in. He drove in another time, and then another, keeping up the strokes and maintaining a slow constant rhythm.
With each stroke he strived to go deeper into Adam, until finally his thick cock was getting buried balls deep on each thrust. Their groans got louder as they continued fucking, pulsing cock sliding in and out of a squelching, pliable wet asshole.
The sexual sounds from both men and the uncontrollable frantic pulsing of Adam's thick cock in her tight tunnel drove Dawn over the edge. She came with a loud cry, her unabashed cries filling the room. Her uninhibited orgasm added fuel to the eroticism already burning up the room, turning up the sexual heat.
Hearing his girlfriend cum fired John's lust-filled brain into overdrive, further feeding his primal urge to fuck. He obeyed it, letting his body take control, fucking Adam with long full strokes. Each stroke pulled his cock out fully, then smoothly pushed it back all in.
He loved it, watching it slide inwards on each stroke with thick majestic splendor until his crotch was tightly pressed against Adam's tight buns. He watched as he slowly repeated the action: One time, two strokes, three strokes, four strokes, five, and over and over again, keeping up a strong deep fucking rhythm. The sense of breaking a deeply held taboo washed itself over him, sending him to extra heights of forbidden lust.
"I am fucking a man!" he thought excitedly.
"And he loves it.
"It feels so good.
"His tight ass looks so good.
"My big penis is all inside of him.
"It looks so swollen.
"He must be feeling really stretched.
"This is so sexy!"
The thoughts tumbled over and around in his mind, firing him up and making it harder and harder to control the urge to lose control and recklessly plunder the tight hole. All he wanted to do was to fuck Adam's firm tightness until all the tension built up inside him burst out.
He had to stop fucking for a short while to get a hold of himself, and then he resumed fucking with deep, smooth strokes, each time filling Adam all the way up. His imagination ran wild with the sensation and the hot taboo of the image before his eyes inflamed his mind. The knowledge that he was massaging Adam's anal insides, spreading apart the big man's core with his thick throbbing tool, making him enjoy his powerful penis with his ass made him enjoy the fuck in an entirely new and wickedly powerful way.
John could tell that both he and Adam were going to come soon. The thought fired him up to close over the top. Rapidly, conscious sense deserted him, and the fuck accelerated into a no-holds-barred primal union of hot rampant dick and wet, hungry asshole. He felt his sense of control slipping away and tried to fight it, but it was simply too much and it overwhelmed him. Helpless before its relentless surge, he finally just let go, giving himself up to the pleasure and hot sensations of furiously fucking the soft, wet asshole. It now felt like a super-tight female cunt, and he fucked it just as if it was a super-hot pussy, with no-holds-barred, no frills, and with no fancy motions.
Together the hot forbidden threesome lost itself in their individual and team-driven ecstasy, Jana now forgotten as they rocked and fucked each other up to a rapidly ascending peak. As one, they rushed towards what was going to be an unbelievably powerful climax for each of them.
When the tightly held dam inside of him burst, John screamed as a supercharged jet of hot sperm burst out from his deeply buried penis. It entirely took him over. His hoarse loud roar filled the bedroom, touching each orgiast's innermost sexual core, triggering hot electric surges of primal sexual energy in each inflamed body.
Adam too was lost in ecstasy. The spurting dick that was pulsing in his hot rectum was driving him wild. His strong thrusts gained even more power, repeatedly burrowing his throbbing, thick cock into the depths of Dawn's slick pussy.
The jets of hot sperm that burst inside him magnified his own sensations. The orgasm rushed up like a huge tidal wave and totally consumed him. With a triumphant shout followed by a series of deep bellows, his own cock jetted furious glory into Dawn's spastically clenching tunnel.
Dawn's pussy writhed and twisted all around his thick tool as she too came. Her soft, pliant body was wracked by the magnificent climax that possessed her. All her being roiled and writhed around Adam's deeply buried and spurting penis. Extreme volts of pure sexual energy consumed her, feeding her and raising her increasingly higher up the sexual plane until her last orgasm of the evening was too much for her and she melted into blissful nothingness.
Compared with the frenetic activity from just a few seconds before, the calm that settled on the room was quietly soothing.
Deep breathing from the two sexually sated men was the only sound to be heard. Jana moved up gently to check on the still passed-out Dawn, reaching out to softly caress her hair. She leant in closer so she could to hear her breathing above the heavy breathing from the two fucked-out men.
"She is OK,"she announced quietly, the reassuring tone in her voice answering the yet unasked question. Her words were punctuated by a soft plop as Adam's softening dick slid out from Dawn's snug pussy.
The naughty sound somehow felt like a fitting punctuation to the hot sex the room had just witnessed.
Jana crept up onto the bed, her head near the headboard, and wriggled to lie face up beside Dawn's sprawled out form. Hot and horny, she used the fingers of her left hand to hold her own pussy wide open and she started rubbing her clit in a furious circular motion.
"Guys," she panted, "that was so hot! You all came so hard and it was just so hot to watch. You should fuck more often.
She paused as she strained her shoulders half of the bed to look at the naked men near the foot of the bed.
"But now I need to cum. There is a pussy here that needs a hard cock. Get cleaned up, then come back here and help each other to fuck me till I cum,"she ordered.
"Come on, get up! Go, and clean up, go,"she urged, playfully using her foot to push at John who was kneeling on the floor, his face lying sideways on the bed as his breathing returned to normal.
With a loud theatrical sighs the two men stumbled off towards the bathroom, their big shiny cocks swinging heavily over depleted balls.
Jana watched as the two tight sexy asses made their way to the bedroom door, one ass slick with excess jelly. It was a wonderful sight to behold.
"Hey, and mind you don't do anything in there!"She shouted after them."I claim all the energy you still have. It's all mine now!"
Closing her eyes, she let herself relax into the good feeling as she masturbated, still caught up in the visual memory of the two sexy men fucking and then walking together to the bathroom naked. The hot image rapidly took her up and she was almost beginning her orgasmic climb when she felt someone's weight next to her on the bed, just before a delightful, fresh smelling pair of lips claimed hers in a deep searing kiss.
An involuntary moan escaped her lips and she bucked her crotch up onto her fingers, arching her back in pleasure. Another surprise shook her when a thick finger fully penetrated her without warning, just as she reached the top of her arch, making a small orgasm burst through her as another set of warm lips nipped and nuzzled at her inner thighs .
The two men continued making love to her, teasing stroking, and kissing her until she climaxed from their mouths and fingers alone.
Then they fucked her. They took turns, each man in his own turn coming into her embrace and effortlessly sliding his re-hardened cock into her hot wet pussy, while the other kissed and petted her softly. There was no frenzied fucking this time round, just slow' long and deep strokes. These ensured the loved cock fully penetrated its snug home, each slide drawing deep moans of heartfelt loving sex.
They steadily fucked Jana, one man then the other, both doing her thoroughly in turn until she had come twice with each man, and then lost count as she ascended into the heaven of non-stop orgasm. They made sure to kiss her deeply through her multiple orgasms, and when the end came, and she couldn't take anymore, she gave herself over to unreservedly coming around the deeply buried penis that was spurting inside her body as superb strong finger rolled her clit around and the man who was kissing her lay claim to her swollen lips.
She could only whimper in total satisfaction as the final orgasm washed over her. The two men stretched it out for her as much as they could, alternately stroking her nipples and clit as each man took his turn to pump his remaining sperm into her as her orgasm continued, then finally died down.
Then, everyone well fucked and satisfied, they stretched out, arms and legs carelessly intertwined, pussy and cocks glistening wet, and let themselves drift off into deeply restful sleep.
Coming soon: Chapter 5 - A Night to be Watched
If you enjoyedJthe story, please don't forget to vote - Your votes will help me to not stay quiet for too long with Chapter 5.
Peace!