It comes with a price... and a reward
Moments after I thought I shouldn't ask what's next, a young woman approached me. She was dressed as a sexy witch, with an overdone costume. It was almost a caricature of a witch.
She looked at me and asked, "Can I have a moment of your time, Ms. Calypso?"
"Sure, why not. Maybe I should eat you?" I playfully growled, and brought my hands up to show the fake claws I wore.
"Ooh! I'm so scared! But seriously, I have a favor to ask. Let's find a place to talk, it's too loud out here."
"Well, the back rooms are discounted tonight, and if you want talk instead of sex, I won't complain."
She looked pensive for a moment, then briefly nodded to herself, then said, "Sure. Lead the way."
Once settled in the room, and the financial transaction completed, I asked, "What kind of favor do you want?"
"My name is Lisa, and I am a member of a group of people who care a lot about our community. There is a nasty problem menacing us, and we cannot handle it, ourselves."
"What is the group, and the community?"
"We serve San Jose, and our group is a coven of witches."
"Well, I know the city, but witches? In this day and age?"
"We're not evil. We don't harm ordinary people. But we do keep watch over the city, turning away bad stuff, if we can. Unfortunately, we cannot handle this monster. But we think you can."
"I'm just a dancer. The best one here, but still, a dancer. I'm not a fighter."
"You are more than a dancer. You are a succubus, and a werewolf."
"Werewolves don't exist. This is just a costume. Also, I only play a succubus sometimes, for certain clients. My horns and tail are props."
"They do exist, and you are one. We've been studying you for over a month, so we're sure."
"Well, I don't believe you. I think our time is at an end, unless you also want sex?" Looking at her, I saw her temptation, but she declined eventually. "Leave the door open when you leave." I then returned to the party.
That was odd. I must have spent at least ten minutes thinking about it in the back of my mind, before thoughts of the party took over. I did take care to leave looking like someone else, so I wouldn't be followed. Hopefully, no one was watching my car. At least, it didn't look like it.
Two days later, I was relaxing at home on a day off, when I was called to the parlor where a guest was. When I rounded the corner, I stopped in my tracks for a moment. The woman was in a business suit, with a light-blue coat over a white shirt and a slightly darker-blue skirt. It was the same woman I had seen in the club. But since I didn't look the same, I decided to pretend ignorance.
"Hello, miss. Can I help you?"
"Mike is such an odd name. I am curious how you got it. No matter, I am here to ask you again to help us."
"Have we met?"
"Yes, Calypso, we have."
"Why do you call me that name?"
She looks about, then pulls a notebook from inside her coat. There is no way it could fit there, yet it did. "Let me show you."
"How did you fit that in your coat?"
"Magic."
"There's no such -"
She interrupted me with a quick phrase, and her coat and skirt changed to a light green over a darker green. She waited a few seconds, then did it again to return the blue.
"Oh..." I thought for a moment, then said, "This is not a matter to be overheard. Follow me." I headed off to Terry's home office, where he had a tiny conference room table and three chairs. I offered her one, and closed the door after she sat.
Then I said, "So, you are the real deal. How did you find out about me?"
"The library book you took. We're not sure how you took it out, but we noted its return, and used spells to follow where it had been. We thought you were just an ordinary human who was bitten, and we expected you to hide at the full moon and the days next to it, but you went out those days. We followed and watched you, and so learned of Calypso and your true nature as a succubus.
"That both scared and excited us. As a succubus, you are a sexual predator. Not something we feel confident in handling, yet we realized the potential to deal with a monster problem we have. Some watched you here and at the country club, and others watched your evening performances. That is how we learned of your feeding habits, and how you were hiding your tracks to avoid being noticed. You also did not feed too much on any one person, making your tracks even fainter.
"The coven discussed this at length, and finally decided to ask for your help. You appear to care for your community, like we care for ours. When you dumped me at the club, I had to change my approach, so I am here now, with evidence to show you what our problem is. Will you help us? We beg you."
"Hm... You have piqued my interest. Tell me about your problem."
She opened the notebook, and discussed the pictures within. Over a dozen dead people were pictured. They were torn apart, with plenty of blood. She told me the blood was cow's blood, and that there was very little human blood at the site. The 'wild animals' that attacked were actually werewolves under the control of a vampire, and not the local wildlife. They wanted me to take out the vampire.
"I'm a lover, not a fighter."
"You are uniquely suited to fight him. Your succubus nature makes you resistant, if not immune, to his sexual fascination. Likewise, your ability to feed by touch can get through his defenses before he knows what you are doing. Lastly, as a werewolf, you may have some influence with the pack he keeps to do his bidding." She then went to the back of the notebook, and showed me the pictures of the werewolves.
I looked at those pictures, and saw something. "What are those collars?"
"They are magically invisible. We used enchanted cameras to take these pictures. On a regular camera, and in person, you won't see them. We think they are how he controls or summons them. We haven't gotten one yet to study, so we don't know. But they do not seem to be weapons, at least, they have never done anything but wear them. They may provide some passive benefit."
She turned a final page at the back, and there were two fuzzy pictures of another man.
"This is your target. Not even the enchanted camera can fully pierce his enchantments against cameras. We don't know how he is going about in the daytime, but he does."
"You think I can handle him?"
"Yes. We know where his hunting territory is, and the kind of person he preys on. You can easily look like his preferred prey, and we'll give you a charm to keep your own nature hidden. Back at the covenstead, we have additional information, including videos, about the area and the werewolves. Also, several others will tell you more about the situation, and can answer your other questions."
I sat back and thought about it. I looked through the notebook again, then finally agreed. She gave me a card, with an address and a phone number to set up a meeting, then left.
I spoke to Terry, and later Dick, about the situation, and we came to an agreement that I should do this. We also decided not to tell William, my stepson, as he was not aware of our supernatural nature. So I called Lisa, and set up a meeting.
Two weeks later, I arrived at a fishing lodge, and met Lisa. She welcomed me, and took me inside, where she introduced Sophie, the librarian, and Betty, their leader. I recognized Sophie from my visits to the library.
I asked, "Sophie, are you the reason your library has such a good selection of unusual books?"
"Yes. While our coven contributes some of them, I also have contacts with other covens, and other groups with unusual interests. Most of those books are in the restricted room, which our members and contributors routinely use when they have need. I am still not sure how you got access, but it seems you have not abused the books.
"The collection is monitored, and is not supposed to leave the library without authorization from the coven. We only knew the book was out, as though an ordinary book, so we set a watch for its return. When it came back, we used our spells to find out where it had been, and so we found you. We also learned you made use of a ritual it describes, so we knew you were a werewolf."
Betty added, "We didn't know anything more about you then, so we set up a magical watch. We were concerned you might be uncontrolled, and thus a problem. Your life at home seemed normal, as did your life at the country club. However, at the strip club, we knew you were there, but could not find you. It took a while, but we eventually learned of your other identity, and were shocked. We also learned you stayed home on the nights of the full moon, but not the nights before or after. That told us you understood your curse, and took care to hide when you were least under control.
"A full coven council was called, and we discussed what we knew about you, and we decided to confirm our suspicions, and what to do with the information. We did, then had a second executive council to decide who to send. We chose Lisa."
"So, you know all about me?"
"By no means. We got a standard info packet from a local detective, so we know a bit of your situation, but not much about who you are. We got a second one on Calypso, as the first didn't know about that."
I nodded, thinking they might not know about the other oddities of my life. "So, you want me to do this for you. While I see your plight, I don't really know you. Tell me more about yourselves."
They talked for nearly fifteen minutes, and I did what I could to sense if what they said was the truth as they knew it. When they finished, they gave me an offer that blew my mind.
"To give you a greater incentive, we offer to cure you of the curse of the werewolf."
"You can do that?"
"Yes. The full coven will need to meet for the needed ritual, and there will be some pain for you, but it must happen at the new moon, when the curse is weakest."
"So you can cure my husband?"
"Huh? Is he also cursed?"
"Yes. He was bitten, but I was only scratched. The one who did it died that same hour."
They looked at each other, and seemed to come to an agreement. Betty said, "Yes, we can. And we can do it a few days from now."
"I need to discuss it with him, but I think you can plan on him being here then, and my agreement to assist you in your problem. I'll also want to know how I can overcome the vampire, as I am not a fighter."
"We need to enchant you a charm, and prepare some other stuff, for your mission, but we will also be quite focused on getting the ritual set up. When you two come, we will deal with your husband. We will set you up a few days later."
"Okay. I will talk with him, and call back today or tomorrow with my answer. Is there anything else we need to go over today?"
"No. Lisa, please give Mike a tour of our lodge, so she can see what we are like." Betty's voice seemed to take on an odd tone when she added, "Include the ritual room."
"Yes, lady Astarte."
Clearly, this was a command from the chief priestess, and she was called Astarte. I wonder what that means? But I followed Lisa, and she gave me the tour. The lodge was built mainly of wood and stone, and clearly meant to blend in with nature. In the main hall, there was a large fireplace in the center of the room, with a shiny metal hood to gather the smoke leading into the ceiling. It also had a roll-over grill, no doubt to cook any fish they caught. She briefly showed me two of the bedrooms, and indicated the rest of the hallway had more of the same.
The kitchen was clearly designed for a large group, as was the dining room. There was also an underground theater where they could show streamed videos, and film. The last room she showed was a solar. There were a few chairs and tables around the edge, and a great rug in the center of the room. There was a different carpeting under the furniture, and in the space between them was dark stone. The walls had assorted pictures of wildlife, but the big attraction was the floor to ceiling glass wall. On either end were sliding glass doors, so as not to block the view of the forest. In the ceiling was another surprise. They were large skylights, but also a huge one in the center of the room.
"This is our ritual room. We roll up the carpet, exposing the slate beneath. Etched in the stone is a magic circle, that we use from time to time. As a number of rituals require moonlight, so we have the skylights. The rest helps us to focus on our magic and its basis in the natural world. Often, the glass doors are open to let the wind and sound in. For the cure ritual, we will be here under the new moon. While it will be at night, I don't know the exact time, since we will likely not be under the moon at the exact time."
"Oh? I thought it would be at midnight."
"That is the darkest time, but the new moon is when the moon is opposite to the sun. It will be midnight at that location, but that will be east or west of us by some amount, thus the change of time. It will be midnight there directly under the moon."
"Oh, I hadn't thought of that."
I left soon after, and once at home, Terry and I talked it over. After making the decision, I called Dick to let her know, then I called Lisa.
It turned out the new moon at the lodge would occur at 2:37 AM. We were invited to dinner, and then to rest and nap, until the time of the ritual. We were shown one of the larger bedrooms on the second floor.
We were woken up at about one o'clock by Lisa. "Time to wake up. I've been assigned your guide for the ritual. The first thing needed is for removing impurities from our bodies."
As we got up, Terry said, "What does that mean?"
"It means a thorough shower with special soap, shampoo, and oils. Then wearing a robe like what I am wearing. Follow me." She led us into the master bathroom, which had a shower for two.
I asked, "Do I need to be cleansed also?"
"No, as you are outside the ritual; however, if you cleanse, it will mean less noise for our magic to deal with." She then took her robe off and placed it on a hook on the door. There were two more robes already there. Beneath the robe, she was nude.
Terry said, "I wasn't expecting to shower in front of strangers."
"I do apologize, but I need to be present to ensure you are properly cleansed. Don't worry, I'm a lesbian. I am far more captivated by your wife, than by you. It's one of the reasons why I was selected to meet her at the strip club. Most of us are at least bi-curious, but some are lesbian like me."
I said, "I'm okay with it. Lisa, as Terry is likely aroused, should we do anything?"
"Sex will not affect the cleansing, so go ahead and see to his needs."
I disrobed and Terry followed. We got in, and Lisa came in after us. She gave us instructions, and pointed out the various items we needed to use to wash. Her instructions seemed designed to make us intimate with each other, to the point where we would have sex. I could tell she was waiting for us to have sex, so when Terry was almost poking my vagina, I grabbed his dick and pulled it into me. So began our sex. Since we had an audience, I shaped our sex to make her aroused as well, and to satisfy us both. I felt success when she came while masturbating herself.
Lisa made sure to get us both ritually clean, then we left the shower and dried off. We left our clothes in the bathroom, and wore the robes and some slippers that were also provided. We then headed to the ritual room, where we sat for maybe fifteen minutes, as the coven began to assemble. I saw the rug had been rolled to one side, exposing the slate. I was surprised not to see candles, but instead, I saw torches free standing about the room under open skylights. I also felt a slight breeze, and saw the outside doors were open. Clearly, they were keeping the air here fresh, and also avoiding smoke in the room. Smart.
At 2:06, Betty called the coven to order. "Sisters, it is time to begin. Bring forth the cursed." The women went to the circle, and untied their robes. It was clear they were naked, yet they also had the cloak covering their back. It was less an abandonment of clothing, but more a showing they held nothing back. None wore slippers.
Lisa took Terry's hand, and motioned me to stay outside the circle of witches. She stepped out of her slippers, and so, Terry followed suit. She led him to the circle, and through an opening, placed him in the center. She then took her place in the circle, and opened her robe. I noticed a flash near her feet, and looked. I saw a circle, and I remembered seeing it in a book I once used in my own explorations into magic. It was a protection circle, designed to hold whatever was inside. Shortly, they had a call-and-response ritual, and I felt the magic circle activate. Terry was now held within, and could not exit on his own.
I was a little concerned, but I knew what a werewolf could do, so I didn't blame them. It took almost twenty minutes for the preparatory portion of the ritual to be completed. They were quiet for a moment, then they began chanting. I soon realized they were repeating the words, "Let the goddess within us come forth." It started as less than a whisper, and slowly built up.
As time went on, the light within the room seemed to change, and center about the circle. After a bit, I realized the women were subtly glowing. Not much, but a tiny amount. Suddenly, the chant became loud, and the glow stronger. A moment later, the glow left the women, and Terry seemed to glow. He howled, and changed into a werewolf, and the glow became part of him. It looked like he was in pain, but suddenly, he fell to the floor, and a ghostly wolf ascended through the skylight. I couldn't see where it went.
The chant then softened, and the ladies again began to glow. Terry clearly was recovering from pain, yet silent. A few minutes later, the chanting was louder, and the glow moved to Terry. As it did, his apparent pain seemed to go away. The glow seemed to seep into him, and when it was gone, the chanting ended.
The high priestess then said a spell, and looked at Terry. Then she boldly said, "He is cured." She then led them in a shorter call-and-response ritual, and the power within the magic circle left. Finally, she said, "It is done. Thank you, ladies."
At that, Lisa went into the circle and helped Terry stand. He was unsteady, and leaned on her a little, and I came up to meet them just outside the circle. Once she gave him to me, she closed and tied her robe.
"Follow me, please." She then led us back to the suite where Terri and I showered again, and told us to sleep here. I had to help Terry, as the ritual left him unsteady and weak. But I got him to bed safely.
In the morning, another woke us, and invited us to breakfast. There, we were seated next to Betty.
"Welcome, Terry. Welcome Mike. Terry, you are now free of your curse. Soon, your wife will also be free."
"Thank you, madame. We are in your debt."
"This is true, but that debt will soon be discharged with your wife's help. Then we will be in your debt."
I said, "Let us not worry about who is indebted to whom. Let us, instead, be grateful his curse is gone. Betty, or should I say lady Astarte, what was that wolf-shaped spirit that left Terry?"
"You saw that?"
"Yes."
"I am surprised. It must be your own nature, or perhaps the wolf within you. Anyway, outside the ritual, or official coven business, I am Betty."
"I see. So what was it?"
"As you suspected, it was the wolf within Terry. It is an infection of his soul, and the ritual pulls it from his soul. This is the pain, the tearing of his soul as the infection is torn out. His soul will recover in a few days, with no lasting harm."
Terry said, "Thank you. I'll take it easy for the next few days."
"Your body has already recovered from the pain of last night. You don't need to take it easy, physically. Psychological stress is what you want to stay away from. However, a quiet vacation is more than sufficient."
"Will it be the same for me?"
"I doubt it. You are a bit more complicated to handle than he is. Still, we expect success."
"What of my mission?"
"You and I will talk about that in a few days. The coven needs its own rest, and preparation. We will call when we are ready. Expect to spend a week or two. It would be best if you could take time off of work, so you can focus on it."
"I shall." We then talked of other things, and eventually finished.
Back home, we talked with Dick about what happened. I was surprised when Dick suggested she follow me invisibly and provide support.
"What do you mean invisible? And how would you support me?"
"I am able to go about invisibly, and still affect things. Kind of like the ghost that I am. But as a dullahan, I am a strong fighter. I have taken some fighting lessons, and am near a black belt. That's with ordinary human strength. With my extra strength when evil is about, I can handle a physical battle. You can do your sex thing to keep him off balance. Between us, we can handle it."
While my maternal instinct to protect my child told me to keep her out of it, Dick was able to convince me it was for the best. She also suggested we not tell the coven, so they will not know about her. Terry was also concerned, but pointed out she was well able to handle herself.
A few days later, I was at the lodge, and Dick was hiding within me. She was mostly silent, but I could occasionally feel her thoughts on what I was being told. Sometimes, I would ask questions she had, in addition to my own questions. We were at the lodge only an hour, before I left for a park a few miles away. Before I got out of my car, I put on the enchanted sweatbands and the GPS wristwatch with my route preset. I was already wearing a jogging outfit.
I did the route twice, but nothing happened, so I went back home. The next day, I was there again, with a different outfit, but the same enchanted sweatbands. The weather today was overcast, so I wouldn't need sunscreen today. A number of others were on the trail today, so I didn't expect to see my target. Suddenly, he came around the corner. He paused, jogging in place, to chat with me for a few moments. As instructed, the details I gave played into his assumed target requirements. But only a minute later, he left. A moment later, I, too, continued on my way.
The next few days, I didn't see him on the trail. The sixth day was again overcast, and while on the trail, I heard from behind, "Hey, slow down."
I looked behind, and I saw him jogging up the path behind me. I slowed down a little, and thought to Dick who was hiding inside, to get ready. We had decided that she would be less likely to be noticed if she 'possessed' me.
When he pulled up, he said, "I'm glad I spotted you. I wanted to speak more with you, so I have been going the other direction the last few days."
"You wanted to chat with me? While we jog?"
"Sure, why not. You're attractive, and smart. Or at least you seem so, based on what little we talked about."
"Thank you."
"You're welcome." We continued to talk as we jogged. After a while, I realized I had not seen anyone in a while. That's when he chose to attack. Suddenly, he moved, and I was thrown on the ground, with him on top of me.
He stared into my eyes, and said, "I've fallen for you. Be mine." I would have thought that silly, but I felt a palpable force behind it. I was able to resist, and I felt Dick's primal response, as well. She was ready to attack him, if need be.
I turned my own power of sex on him, and said, "No. You've attacked me. But now, you cannot harm me; instead, you want me to have sex with you."
He seemed mesmerized, but it only lasted a moment, before he shook his head, and said, "So. You have your own power. Then I shall kill you." He then moved to bite me.
It was clear I had no more ability over his will than he had over me. I was worried about the fangs I saw, but suddenly, Dick was beside me attacking him. He wasn't prepared for that. I helped as much as I could, but while I was strong enough to escape him, there was little I could do to contain him. Then I remembered, I could drain him.
I smiled, and sent my hand between his legs. Painfully grabbing his crotch, I began to feed. That got his attention, and he thrashed so much, I feared Dick would be thrown off. Then he started to weaken. When he realized it, he gave a loud howl before continuing to fight. In the meantime, he was ejaculating continuously. I felt the moisture spread, and knew I had him. I felt his life-force enter me, but it seemed off, as though it wasn't true life-force, but something like it. I could also feel his magic fade a bit as it was flowing into me. This worried me, but he worried me more.
Finally, the flow finished, and he was spent. But he was still moving. I had expected a dried husk that would fall apart at any force, but it seemed like his flesh became a very tough, but dry leather. It still worked, and he was still strong, but Dick had him secure. I pulled back, and said, "I'm calling in backup."
I called Lisa, and when she answered, I said, "Mission almost accomplished. He's down, and drained, but still struggling. What do I do?"
"What? He's not dead? Not possible." I heard her yell to someone else, and soon another voice came on the line.
It took me a moment, but then I recognized Betty's voice. "Describe what you can see and tell."
"His skin is like leather, and not desiccated like I expected. The flow as I drained him was also tainted, and that worries me. Lastly, I could feel some of his power flow into me, but he still has more left in him. He's still struggling."
"How are you handling him? How are you calling us?"
"I brought help I didn't tell you about."
"That was a huge risk."
"I didn't think so, nor has it proven to be. So, what do we do?"
"I need to do some quick research. Then we'll come. We are tracking the smartwatch, so expect us in an hour or so. Can you hold that long?"
Putting my hand over my phone, I said, "They will be here in an hour or so. Think you can hold out?"
Dick quietly said, "Yes. No problem."
"Yeah, my backup is stronger than he is, and I don't think we will have a problem holding him."
"Good. See you shortly." Then she hung up.
I put my phone away, and asked, "Anything I can do to help?"
"Just keep watch for our help."
Just then we both heard two howls, and he smiled and said, "I have you now, bitches." Then he laughed quietly.
I got up and turned to where the howls came from. It didn't take long before several people broke through the underbrush onto the trail. Then they headed up to us. I suddenly saw they were in a hybrid-werewolf form.
The leader commanded us, "Let our master go, or we will kill you."
Even as he said that, I sensed more behind. I quickly looked backward and saw a second group of werewolf hybrids coming toward us. That's when I realized I could see their collars. That gave me an idea. I suddenly called forth my own werewolf, and allowed it to come out like them, but added my succubus sexiness. I became their collective desire and turned up my own lust power.
"You don't want to kill me, you want to fuck me. I want you to fuck me." Then I started to take my clothes off. A quick look behind, and I saw the others were focused on me and ignoring Dick. Good, it was working. Finally, I was naked.
The leader said, "I'll fuck you, bitch."
Another said, "No, let me. I'm bigger, and can ruin her back door better."
A third from the other group said, "Let me. You had the last one."
I interrupted their plans when I said, "Gentlemen, you can all do me. I'm a nympho, and talented." Then I made a noise between a howl and whimper. Somehow, I knew it was a female werewolf sound indicating sexual desire. I saw that it hit them hard, and they suddenly rushed me.
"MOM!"
"It's okay, they want sex now. I have them."
The first to reach me grabbed a breast, soon I was being pawed all over. I returned their touches and fondled between their legs, undoing zippers to pull their dicks out. Soon, they started to disrobe, and I was sucking a dick while also holding a pair of dicks. Then I got pushed down to the ground and another dick impaled me. I continued my sexual call, and they piled onto me. As soon as I was sure they were all trying to do me, I started to feed on them. I didn't want to hurt them much, but I wanted them to tire out and fall asleep before the coven came.
Well, I was partly successful. They were still focused on me, but still had a fair amount of energy to do me, when the coven came.
The witches stood in shock until Dick said, "Over here."
That got their attention. Lisa asked, "Who are you?"
"I'm her backup. He's down, but not out. She drained him, but he's still moving."
He spoke and tried to fascinate them, but Dick just twisted his head away from them, and said, "No you don't." Then she said to the coven, "I suggest you put something in his mouth so he can't talk."
Lisa pulled off her backpack, and dug inside. Then she pulled out something. Rushing behind Dick, she reached around her and shoved something round in his mouth.
"What was that?"
"Onion. Won't do much to him, but it weakens him a little, and shuts him up." She then went back to the backpack, while another I hadn't been introduced to pulled off her backpack and started digging. Fifteen minutes later, with assorted symbols painted on him, and around them both, they started a chant.
I felt power focus where the vampire was, as did the werewolves. I could sense their desire to save their master, so I added some of that tainted power to my sexual lure, and they returned their focus to me. I listened to the chant, and was planning to stop when they did. The vampire changed both our plans.
He started to scream, and suddenly he stopped and exploded. I felt a surge of power flow into me, but some passed through me. That taint I felt earlier was gone with his passing.
The power also passed through the werewolves, and they seemed dazed by it. Then their collars burned and fell off. I stopped my power to see what they would do, but I was ready to turn it back on. Again, they seemed dazed, but the leader said, "Everyone stop. This is not right. Get off her." Slowly, they pulled off, and stood back a ways. Some started to put their clothes back on. So I stood and resumed my human form, and put my clothes back on. Suddenly, they realized they were still in hybrid form, and resumed human form.
Looking at them, I said, "What next?"
Their leader said, "I am not sure. You killed our master, so now we belong to you."
"Huh? They killed him."
"Technically, but the pack does not see it that way. You did it, you drained him. What was left could have recovered, given a chance, but your friends stopped that. You are now our master, by right of battle."
"What? How?"
"Even as he was when the pack arrived, he still controlled us. But you forced us into sex, and overpowered his control. You are, indeed, the stronger, and won that battle of power by your own power."
"Uh, ladies? What now?"
"Good question. Keep them docile for a bit so I can do some spells."
"Okay." Turning to them, I said, "Be still a bit and let the ladies do their thing."
"Yes, mistress." Then stood peacefully, as she cast several spells.
Later, Lisa said, "Curious, they don't have an evil signature. I was sure they would."
"I felt something pass through me and them. It felt like a taint, and it seemed to be drawn out of us all. At the same time, the collars burnt and fell off."
"The collars? Oh! OH!" She rushed toward one, and cast a spell. It glowed briefly, and then suddenly smoke came away and disappeared only a few feet in the air. All that was left was a few burnt bits. She then went to all the collars she could find and repeated the spell. She then counted the people, and said, "There are two more collars. Where are they? Find them."
One of the men pointed, and said, "There's one over beneath that bush."
As she was destroying it, the other was found. I asked, "Are there any more of you?"
The leader said, "Yes, there are four left at the mansion."
"Ladies? Suggestions?"
"Let me text the boss, then we collect the remains and head for the mansion."
I looked at Dick, and asked, "Do you feel any evil in the area?"
"No. But the mansion might harbor trouble. Best I lead there."
"Agreed." Looking at the leader, I said, "What's your name?"
"Will Randall, ma'am. I used to edit a local magazine, but now I do freelance work."
"Will, tell me about the mansion, and the area here. Also, tell me about the pack, including those at the mansion. I want to know the important parts before we get there."
We wound up walking nearly a mile, most of which was cross country. Will and I led in front, the pack next, then Dick and the ladies last. Once in sight of the mansion, I called a stop, and Dick took point after a short rest for the ladies. Will and I went next, then the ladies. Will had the pack follow quietly.
Once inside, he took us upstairs, to the office suites. When he opened the door, there were four men in werewolf-hybrid form, all waiting on top of the desks. Clearly, they were ready to pounce, but by my estimate, they were ill-prepared to carry it out.
Will barked out, "Stay. Our master is dead. Meet our new mistress." He then turned to me, and signaled me to enter.
Walking forth confidently, I quickly shifted to hybrid form, and said, "Hello, gentlemen. I am sorry for your loss. I would have peace between us."
One of them looked at Will, and said, "She's an alpha! Who is she?"
"She is our master and alpha. Submit."
They each backed off the desk, and resumed human form, and then bowed. The one then said, "My lady, we are at your service."
"Take off your collars, and lay them on this desk. Wait on the other side of the room."
They came forth two at a time, and helped each other remove the collars. One said they could not handle their own collar. When they went to the side of the room, the witches moved up and did their spells to destroy the collars.
Then I said, "You are free. Follow who you will, or follow no one."
Will spoke, "You are the alpha of the pack. Both in your own power as a wolf, but also in your defeat of our former master."
"How did she defeat him? His will is too strong."
"Quiet Kyle. In will, they were equals. Both could dominate others, but could not be dominated. But she called forth the warrior from nowhere, and bound him in her arms." At that, Dick smiled. "She escaped from his grasp, then changed her mind. She then grabbed him by the balls, and drained him fully. That didn't kill him, but he was too weak to fight them. As she did that, I watched, waiting for the hunters to arrive. I saw it all. I thought we could take her, but when we attacked, she dominated us with her sex. We were unable to hurt her or free him. In the meantime, the other women came, and they finished him off."
"Wow. She dominated you all with sex? If only I could have been there."
"Us as well."
"Quiet. She already has her own pack, although not of werewolves. And they took out our late master, and us as well. She offers us freedom, but I, for one, will follow her if she will have me. I recommend you also follow her. Remember what we are. Our former master kept us from the worst of our nature. It is clear she can do the same." Then he turned, and knelt before me. "Mistress, please accept my service." Then he waited.
I turned to the witches, and asked, "What do you think of this?"
"It will make a smooth transition of power, and thus less chaos in the area. I think our group can work with that."
Then I turned to Dick, and asked, "Do you think your dad can handle it?"
She nodded yes.
"I do as well." I turned back to Will, and said, "My associates seem in agreement. I don't particularly want more headaches to deal with, but I do like peace and quiet. Very well. Gentlemen. All who wish to give me fealty, kneel with Will."
To my surprise, all the werewolves gathered with him, and knelt.
"Gentlemen, your service is accepted."
Then I turned to the witches, and said, "Inform your boss. Ask if she wishes to join us to meet the neighbors, or if she does not want to meet just yet. If you wish to leave, we can speak later."
Turning to Will, I said, "In the meantime, I think a tour of the place is in order."
The witches chose to go back outside, but I later learned they only went far enough to wait for the coven to arrive. They came back in an hour-and-a-half later.
On the tour, I soon realized this mansion was far better appointed than one might expect. Will said, "Our former master was several centuries old, and had amassed great wealth. Now that wealth is yours, by right of conquest."
"Huh?"
"Yes. While he was old-fashioned in many ways, he knew to have qualified accountants. The last four you met are poor at physical combat, but in the handling of wealth, they are top notch. That is why we were sent to recruit them. They guard the empty mansion when the pack hunts. While we weren't thrilled with their inability to fight effectively, some of that wealth they created trickled down to us. We liked that."
"The pack hunts? What?"
"From time to time, we would herd his prey. More often, we would seek a large predator to kill. If there was a report of a dangerous animal in the area, we would hunt it. The rest of the time we used his contract with a breeding zoo, with a standing order for dangerous animals. On the night of the full moon, he would release one, and we would chase and kill. It demeans us, but we need to satisfy the inner wolf."
"I have found a better way than killing prey."
"You have? How? We've been looking for decades. Many of us would rather not hunt, as it is such a bestial way."
"How did I defeat you?"
"... Sex."
"Yes. It is just as primal as combat, but the violence is shaped into dominance, and when it comes to sex, I am most definitely an alpha." I smiled, and sent a subtle push of my sexuality towards him. I saw him instantly get rock hard, and then gulp.
"That you are, mistress. That you are."
We continued and I saw the rest of the mansion. Dick was waiting for us near the entrance. She said the ladies were waiting for us in the parlor. Then she led us there. When we entered, I saw the full coven there. When they noticed me, they all rose.
Betty said, "Lady alpha, the coven recognizes you as the new leader of the pack."
Will said quietly, "Coven?"
"Yes. Your former master was too much for them to handle, and when they found me, they hired me."
His eyes got big, then he said, "They don't work for you?"
"No. But I think they will be friends. We are too new to each other yet, but I foresee our friendship growing. Given what you have told me, I think the pack and coven could be friends. They care for their people and land, and I think you respect it, also. You work in different ways, but I think for a similar end. It was your former master's evil that they had a beef with."
Betty spoke, "The alpha is right. While unhappy with you, it was your master that was our enemy. With you, we are wary, but willing to make new friends. I am the high priestess, lady Astarte."
"I am Will Randall, pack second." He then looked at me.
"I am Mike. Pack alpha, and more." I nodded to Dick.
"I am Dick, masseuse and warrior."
Will said, "Masseuse?"
"Yes, I've been running my own place for years. Why? You need one?"
"Not today, but the day after the monthly hunts, some of us could really use some TLC, and none of us have that skill."
She briefly looked at me, and then said, "Let's talk later. Looks like our discussion can wait." She then backed off, and waited by the doorway, as though a guard. Then she saluted me. It wasn't a great salute, and the wink at the end totally spoiled it.
That meeting went on for several hours. At the end, Betty said, "Thank you, pack second. We have much to consider. Might you withdraw your pack so we can speak with the alpha in private?"
He looked at me, and I nodded. He then signaled the few that had joined us to leave, and left, himself. Dick could not be seen any more, but I could feel her presence. Seems she chose to go incorporeal, so she could stick around. I decided that was a good thing.
Betty then nodded to another, who cast a spell. "There, we have privacy. They cannot pierce that barrier without magic, and we would know if they try. Earlier, we cast a truth spell on the room. It seems their words were true. That is welcome news."
"Why?"
"They didn't know of it, nor did you. Yet you both spoke truth the whole time. Knowing you both chose honesty over deceit tells us much of your character. It is also clear we can work together. Because of you, I think we can widen the area we guard, with the pack as our friends."
"They have needs. I think I can change it from violence to sex, but it would be very hands on each month. Is it possible to remove their curse like you did Terry?"
Betty took a long time to answer. I could see she was considering, so I waited patiently. Finally she said, "It might be possible, but there are considerations. They will start to age normally, instead of slowly. If they have been cursed long, they will age faster, as time wants to catch up. So the older ones may not want the curse to be removed. Likewise, some revel in the physical power of the curse. It is a strong draw, as you know."
"I see... you know, they might not know of the ritual I used to make my own change more controlled. Would that help them?"
"... You're right. If they have not integrated with their own wolf, they will be much wilder when the moon comes. It is something to think about."
"Then I formally ask your coven to offer what you can for them to remove the curse, or integrate it. I understand you usually would deal with favors, but they have informed me that the vampire's wealth is now my wealth." I felt a spike, so I knew Dick was listening. "You may not want the money, per se, but it can be used as influence. I would be willing to aid your endeavors with that wealth."
"That would be a rather large amount of wealth."
"I don't propose to spend it all, but I am sure some could go a long way. I know it is the accumulation of centuries, but not its magnitude."
"... We did not know his age. But with time like that, he likely has diversified and may have considerable land in the area. That land could be of great interest to us."
"I will have them teach me what his wealth is, and I will make a summary for you, including real estate. I have no idea what he had."
A half-hour later, our meeting came to an end. They removed the spells, and said goodbye.
"Okay, Dick. What did you learn?"
"Plenty. They are very interested in the money, but true to her word, it is not the center of their coven's interest. They are also very interested in the land. There are some parcels they have been trying to acquire for decades, yet they always pass into other hands. The librarian thinks the land never changed hands, but rather the papers hid their true owner, the vampire. She has no proof."
"Did anyone detect you?"
"I don't think so. I stayed away from the priestess, and anyone who noticed something odd when I neared. But I did look inside four of them, so I learned a lot about their ways."
"We can talk more about that later. It is time to depart. Perhaps they can drive us to our car."
"I wonder how wealthy he was?"
"We will see. We will see." I thought a bit, then added, "Just think what Terry will have to say about all this."
"Let's not discuss the wealth until he gets used to the idea of you being the alpha of a pack of werewolves."
"Good idea."
The rest of the way home, we sat silently, wondering what would happen with my new pack.