This is a recollection of one of my favorite days that I feel is just too amazing not to share with the world. I hope you get as much enjoyment from reading it as I did living it...
My day started off waking up next to this beautiful girl that wasn't just in my room but actually in my bed. We all have been at those parties where there is an attractive person of the opposite sex that we would love to try and hook up with but realize we can't, this was not that circumstance.
This girl wanted every aspect of being wrapped up with me. As I look at us with flesh against flesh, two hearts beating, two collided bodies, I realize this happened because of our common goal to be synced up in this moment and I get this vibe that today is going to be a great day. The sun is shining bright through my windows and I'm seeing how lucky I am to be in this incredible moment. I honestly couldn't ask for a more perfect atmosphere to wake up to over and over again.
It was just the beginning to my daydream day. I had mentioned off hand recently that I was craving beer bread, so it was a pleasant surprise that my girl had not hesitated at all to make even my most mundane "fantasies" come true and she dove right into cooking it for me once we rolled out of bed. The snack turned out awesome, we (and my roommates) had no problem stuffing our faces.
Shortly after, my outstanding, attractive girlfriend decided to make my mouth water and taste buds yearn even more when she slid off to my room to slip into this sexy little skirt and short, white tank top outfit that I had not seen her wear before.
Even now, just from thinking about it, my cock is getting hard and is pulsating while attempting to write this down. My pen is running dry and the circulation to my penis is also running low, so please excuse me as I need to respond to this problem NOW, if I don't I am sure these intense, interesting tales will never make it out to the world. Ok- better now, thank you for showing your concern. Anyway, on with the show!
Wow, this outfit just made my cock bust through my shorts. Her pale skin and long dark hair combined with her slender body, sexy ass legs and perfect curves in a way that was just too much for me to handle. I needed to explode deep inside of her and even with my roommates right there I couldn't resist. I grabbed her tightly, fondling her discretely as I pushed her back into the bedroom. Her panties were absolutely soaked, clearly feeling the same overwhelming pressure from her body that I was.
I couldn't waste any time on foreplay nor could I spare a second knowing my roommates would notice we were gone and start investigating before too long. I reached under skirt and ripped her panties off, bounced her fucking beautiful body onto the bed, and propped her into position.
Knowing she was ready for me from my recent explorations and her sweet smell quickly filling my nostrils, I buried my hard cock deep inside her wet pussy in one smooth thrust. She let out a robust moan of satisfaction that let me know she had conquered her goal with the outfit. Her sexy legs wrapped around my body and she rotated her hips with passion, determined to make sure my rigid shaft didn't miss a single spot of her lustfully drenched pussy. She continued creaming on my cock, completely engulfing me and when my moans of pleasure echoed hers, she knew I was satisfied with the way she was riding me.
Although it had only been a mere few minutes when I shot my load inside her, her dreamy expression and boneless body clearly let me know it had been beyond intense for both of us.
As it had always been a wish of mine to fuck a girl in a schoolgirl skirt and she had just fulfilled this fantasy of mine to a perfect "A", I was sure the memory would last me an eternity. The best part of it all was that this was just the start to our long day of fucking and making each other feel the meaning of true love in a very wet way.
My girl had planned on skipping her normal shift at the local bar and restaurant where she worked so we could hang out in the city before our plans to see a preferred music artist of mine at a small venue. Unfortunately, someone called off and she had to go in to work so the saga continued for us later that evening...
She pulled a few strings and managed to get out of work at 7:00pm. This was fairly early compared to her normal hours, but she still didn't get to my house until 7:30pm and the show starts at 8:00pm in the city- with traffic and parking to deal with! So obviously I drive frantically there, trying to make it and we end up just catching the last 3 songs of the set.
It was a disappointment, but we decided not to let it ruin our great start to the day, we were in the city on a beautiful summer night, with a couple of friends and I was sure we could make a great night out of it. We decided not to stay for the headline act because neither us nor the other couple had heard of her. Instead, we ventured outside and down the road for a few blocks looking for a place to hang out and have a few drinks.
The night air was warm with a crisp, brisk breeze coming off the lake to it and my girl was wearing this brown skirt and looked sexy enough to turn the entire neighborhood on, even though we were in an area of the city known for a more male focused crowd. Remember the skirt, it will come into play later, and I do mean play!
Actually- please excuse me while I attempt to remember the next part in great detail... I promise I will finish this story but it's been very hard to stay on task since it might have been the best night of my life and recalling the details has caused a lot of very enjoyable exertion for me.
Ok, back to it! Eventually our wandering led us to a bar called Lithium that touted itself as a "gay bar." This didn't bother any of us and the staff seemed welcoming enough as we checked the place out. I couldn't help but envision bending my girl over, smacking her ass, then fucking her raw, doggystyle at the end of one of the long bar tables that just happened to be the perfect height for such a thing.
From the many "accidental" brushes of her tits against my arms and hands across my crotch as we had walked, I knew she wanted to continue the scene we'd started earlier in the day, but I was going to make her wait this one out a little bit, make her sweat for it- maybe even beg!
We saw that the bar offered board games, yes board games, so the four of us sat down in this circular, leather sofa deal with a round table in the center. We started playing the intangible game Jenga, except this one was much different than the regular home version. Each piece had a sexual task written on the side that had to be performed after removing it from the stack. I had no complaints since all I could think about was inserting my game piece into my girl, but I checked in with the other couple and while maybe a bit flustered by the idea, they were happy to see where it might lead.
The discussion only fueled my already dirty thoughts and I managed to settle in close enough to slip my hand underneath my girl's skirt without raising any eyebrows. On her turn, she slowly started to slide her chosen piece out, meanwhile I was doing the opposite- sliding my stiff, recently fractured, finger inside. Her pussy was incredible, quite possibly the wettest she's ever been. Moist was clearly hours earlier, she was fucking drenched! I struggled none as she squirmed around in her seat enjoying every second while trying not to give anything away.
Now, to truly appreciate this moment you have to imagine that her body sat no further than a few inches away from our friends and the circular shape of our small booth made it so there was less coverage than a normal square booth would have provided. Additionally, her fair skin and normally quiet demeanor meant she had to work very hard to control any reactions she might be having if she didn't want to draw attention to herself.
My need to finger bang her harder and faster was becoming uncontrollable. I could feel her needy pussy pushing her to ride my finger until it was hitting just the right spots, but I teased and tormented avoiding all but the barest of touches to her sensitive clit. I knew it was only a matter of time before my cock would be making its appearance on the scene.
We continued playing the game, though honestly, I don't remember even one of the sayings on the blocks and my usually competitive nature seemed to have disappeared. My only concern was watching my girl trying to maintain her composure in front of the others, fighting against her need for that one touch that would release the pent up desire because she was trying her hardest to not have an orgasm in public. If she did it would have to be the quietest of her life, since she had started dating me the terminology of a "Quiet Orgasm" had become nonexistent. Her flushed skin and small gasps started to garner some strange glances from our friends, at this point it was becoming clear that neither of us cared too much about what they might be thinking.
I couldn't handle cock teasing myself anymore and clearly she was losing the battle to hold in the big "O" she was dying to have. I excused myself and, at this point, my very well-hung cock, to the bathroom. When I'd had some air to clear my head and little more blood back in my brain I realized that a guy had been blatantly staring at "my girl's cock" well I mean my cock, but definitely not "his cock" while I'd been pissing. I am sure it seemed as if I was aroused because of him. Even though I am normally flattered to have anyone show appreciation for my body and all the hard work I put into it, I had a little ah-ha moment and decided I could spin this to my advantage.
I have been told that I can be a master manipulator and since it had only taken me a few moments to perfectly plan this next situation, I guess I can't deny it. I would act like I wanted to confront him, needing my girlfriend to reign me in and then needing some space to cool off.
I headed back to our table, acting a bit irritated, and let everyone know that a guy in the bathroom had been checking me out and that as I walked by him on my way back, I'd overheard him tell his friends that "I can't have his cock tonight" while staring at me. I made a bit of a scene, just enough that our friends bought it, but no one else in the bar would overhear or feel the need to jump in. I started to storm off towards the back, forcing my girl to chase after me and try to intervene.
The thing is, I had absolutely no intentions of starting a confrontation, I'm a lover not a fighter, and it worked beautifully. On my way to the bathrooms earlier, I had noticed that in the back of this bar there was a pool table area along with what was most likely a VIP area consisting some leather love seats and small tables in a raised, semiprivate section. Since it was a weeknight and there wasn't any kind of entertainment planned, the lights were off, and the section was deserted. Which, in my mind, made it a perfectly presented opportunity that I had no intention of wasting. I like to think that the reason I always manage to find myself faced with these perfect situations is a testament of my personal talents.
My little foray into acting had persuaded my girl to follow me all the way to the back corner of the empty VIP section, to be fair I do have a flair for the dramatic when I need it and I was feeling a greater than usual need tonight. I knew I couldn't hold back much longer, the chance to unleash the animal from its cage in my pants had arisen, and I do mean risen!
So before she had a chance to say anything about my little scene, I unzipped my fly, hiked up her skirt, slid her soaked panties to the side and I felt what could only be described as paradise ocean. I looked into her eyes, hoping to see my own desires reflected back and was not disappointed. It was clear she wanted to fuck me so badly that there wasn't enough liquor in the bar to stop her from getting what she wanted. She reached between us and began stroking my now free cock. She went faster and faster with her delicate, smooth fingers using the precum leaking from my engorged tip to enhance the motion.
The feeling was staggering but I knew we were once again limited on how much time we had before some one took notice of our activities. Being a bit intoxicated as I was, I knew there was little chance for me to cum, but that wasn't the purpose behind this little game I had been playing tonight. Although we had been together for a few months, had some phenomenal sex, and she had told me I "could play however I wanted," I wanted to see just how far I could push her limitations.
I grabbed her hands and turned her around to face the wall, whispering in her ear that I went to all the trouble of getting her back here alone because I knew it's what she needed. That I was going to fuck her right here where anyone could happen by and see what a slut for me she was. I took a breath and gave her a chance to respond, to deny that she was craving my cock inside her and that she would do anything to get that release she had been denied so far tonight. As she sighed and nodded her head in agreement, I released the breath I hadn't realized I'd been holding.
Her body was so taut with expectation that I could feel her quivering underneath me and I knew it wasn't going to take much to push her over the edge. I positioned the head of my cock under her skirt and up against her slick opening, letting her juices cover my hard shaft. Then, with a single hard thrust, I completely buried myself inside her.
I fucked her hard and fast, standing up in a small corridor of our private section of the bar. Her soft moans and small movements were quickly escalating, so I withdrew completely and wrapped my arm around her waist, positioning my fingers just above her clit and told her softly that she was going to have to be a good girl and keep quiet or I would have to stop right now. She took a deep breath, stilled herself, and agreed. With that I smacked her swollen clit several times and watched her struggle to contain herself as the orgasm finally washed through her body.
I covered my throbbing cock with my shirt and straightened her skirt enough that we wouldn't be too indecent if someone glanced over at us, then I guided her over to a love seat. I arranged my girl on my lap so that anyone looking would think we were very happily making out, but hopefully wouldn't get an eyeful of anything indecent and once again buried my cock inside her still hungry pussy. I told her to ride me until she came again and she, again, followed my direction beautifully, occasionally burying her face against me when she couldn't keep her pleasure to herself.
I can't recall exactly how long we were in the back of the bar, but it was long enough for my girl to have a multi-orgasm night and for me to sober up. We stopped fucking and went back to our friends to finish playing the game. From that moment on I simply knew she had absolutely no limitations whatsoever when it came to me and my master mind plots.
We had definitely established our signature trademark in that bar and I was already envisioning more like it in our future. We ended up calling it a night shortly after that and heading home. Being as exhausted as we were and needing to rejuvenate our bodies, we decided to grab some fast food before we hit the road. My girl fell asleep in the car shortly after we proceeded onto the interstate.
While staring over at my pretty girlfriend, I couldn't help but wonder if all this had really happened today, but thinking this night couldn't possibly get any better was the wrong thought. My girl slept peacefully for about 30 minutes and I had been more than content with going home to bed all up until the moment.
Just a few miles before our exit she started to wake up and clearly wanted to give my cock some recognition for all the pleasure it had provided her throughout the day. I lowered my pants to reveal my huge, overused dick busting through my boxers. She folded herself over to my side of the small front seat and licked all the way down my shaft few times before taking me completely down her throat. With her unexpected decision to give me "road head" I had no choice but to pull off the interstate.
I hit the first backroad where I knew I could pull off and start banging my girl without much chance of interruption. However, being the bizarre kind of day that it was, I went with a different plan than actually needing to stop the vehicle. It was experimental crash course time in the Toyota Solara to just see how well my car handles under intense driving conditions.
I was about to give my car its ultimate challenge, buckle up because I am about to live dangerously. While pacing slowly down the backroad, I told her to take off her clothes, sparing nothing- I believe my exact words were "get completely fucking naked, now." Again, testing her boundaries, I thought she might be reluctant or embarrassed but no, at least not tonight. She stripped quickly and entirely, leaving nothing for the imagination.
I took in the sight of her beautifully presented body, from her pierced tits down to her shaved pussy. Then I looked her in the eye and nodded towards my swollen cock. Completely naked, my girl carefully straddled her horse and began to ride. I was doing the best I could to maintain control of my car and my cock at about 15mph.
After what seemed like a few miles and several close calls, I stopped my girl and the car. I then continued to fuck her, not inside like I'd imagined before, but outside. I first bent her over, made her grab her ankles fucked her from behind. Next I pressed her up against the side door panel and continued pounding into her as hard as I could until she started moaning so loudly, I remembered all this was happening on a country road at a four way stop intersection. I briefly stopped to check that we were far enough out in the middle of nowhere to not get noticed.
Satisfied that we were all good, I turned her around and set her on top of my trunk so I could watch her big, beautiful tits bounce with each thrust. After a few minutes I pulled her around to the front of the car and tossed her up on my hood and fucked her like we were in an x-rated 80's music video. Finally, I pulled her closer so she could put a foot on the ground and positioned her for a side angle approach.
The night ended with my girl completely worn down, turned inside out, and both of us exhausted in the best of ways. When we were back at home and she fell asleep in my arms, it completed the most memorable day and night I have ever had with a girl and I'm happy I've gotten the chance to share these memories with you!