Eighteen year old Jacob Manning escorted Britney Foxx home in his Ford Mustang. Parking on the curb in front of her house they sat looking at the glare of a television in the windows.
"Tell me why you asked me to do this again." He fidgeted.
"Ok, I haven't told you everything. My dad thinks I'm kind of a virgin but not. A few days ago I teased him in my bra and panties but played innocent. I made up a boy in school named Jake that likes me. Jake has been pushing to go further and I acted naïve. Daddy taught me a lot." She takes a deep breath, "More than a lot. He seduced me. Maybe I seduced him. Both ways I guess."
His jaw drops, "You fucked your dad?"
She winces, "It just happened okay. Don't look at me so grossly."
"Oh, I'm not. That's crazy but cool too."
"Anyway, I got him to show me everything I should let Jake get away with. He believed me mostly. That's why you're here. I want you to play Jake. Let him coach you how to treat me as if getting to third base. You can act nervous that will look authentic."
"What do you mean "act"? I am nervous."
"Me too kind of. Just follow my lead and think before you speak. He needs to believe you're just as naïve. Trust me I'm going to have sex with you on our living room floor." She giggles, "Right in front of him."
His eyes grow wide, "So he's watching us?"
"Yes. But let him think he's helping you reach that goal."
"Okay. I think I can pull this off."
"I'll have you rock hard in five minutes." She wiggles her brow.
"Too late. Already there."
She eyes his crotch then reaches over to pinch his girth, "YAY!"
A quick kiss to his lips she opens her car door and gets out, closing it.
"Wait for my signal. Don't chicken out."
"I won't. I swear." He smiles at her cleavage as she bends over to look through her window at him.
Blowing him a kiss she scurries up to her house and unlocks the front door. Entering she finds her Father in his recliner in only his boxers. Beer in hand.
"Hey Princess. You're home early. Jake stand you up?"
She steps in after removing her shoes and picking them up to carry.
"No. Actually, he's outside." She offers shyly.
"Oh, you leaving again?"
"No. Jake and I had a long talk today. We both want to try this but he's really nervous about it. I told him you taught me how far we should go and that excited him I think. I suggested that he meet you and get your approval." She steps closer and kneels beside Keith Foxx looking up at him, "I need a favor from you."
He sits his beer on his end table and sits up in his chair.
"What sort of favor?"
She fidgets her lips, "Can you show him what you showed me? Guide him."
His eye brows raise and eyes flare up.
"Tall order there, Sweetheart. I would think you would want this to be intimate. Just you two."
"Please Daddy. I feel comfortable with you there to protect me in case he can't stop."
"Wow!" He rubs his neck, "Invite him in. We'll talk."
She smiles bubbly in expression and leaps up to hug him.
"Best Daddy ever. I love you."
Brit then shuffles to the door opening it to wave Jacob to shut his car off and come inside. Within three minutes he met her at the door and enters.
"Daddy this is Jacob, but he goes by Jake."
Keith gets up and stands in his boxers before realizing it.
"I suppose I should throw some pants on."
Jacob hesitantly opens up, "It's okay Sir. It is your house."
Keith ponders the situation, "That it is. Have a seat Jake."
Brit escorts Jacob to their sofa and sits beside him snuggling up.
"Brit here tells me you two want to get closer so to speak." Keith narrows his eyes with scrutiny.
"Yes Sir. We both feel ready. Is that alright?" He finds it hard to look him in the eye.
"You're both eighteen right? I can't stop you. Just be smart and not rush things. Brit's been concerned about going too far. She wants to make you happy. However, as another male who knows how difficult it is to go slowly and accept when she tells you to stop, she's insecure."
"I understand. I could never hurt your daughter, Sir."
"Good to hear. So, Brit? Tell Jake here what you propose."
Brit nervously shifts in her seat to look at Jacob.
"Thank you for being patient with me all these months. I want us to get closer. I know you want to-well-touch me. Kiss me in places other than my lips. I want you too. I'm ready. I know you're scared and feel awkward, that's why we talked about my dad's advice."
Jacob nods along with her getting into the act. His nerves were no where near how he dramatized them to be.
"I respect that. Both you and your Dad."
"Call me Keith." Her dad added.
"Yes Sir. I mean Keith." He swallowed and rubbed his palms together.
Brit reaches over and claims his hands, "I want us to do this tonight. Right here."
Keith eyes Jacob's reaction, "I'm not going to bite your head off. Just keep that respect alive. I'll answer any questions then give you two time alone."
She jumps, "No, don't leave Daddy."
Her gaze immediately darts to Jacob for additional encouragement.
"Sir? Keith. I don't mind if you stay. If it makes Britney more at ease, I'll survive."
Keith silently chuckles, "Okay then."
Jacob continues, "Besides, I might need advice myself. I won't lie I'm pretty new to this."
Her father sizes him up, "Big boy like you looks like you should have tons of girls."
Jacob tries not to laugh, "I'm a little shy. It's hard talking to girls. And, I do really, really like Britney."
"Gotcha."
Brit glares at Keith, "Where should we begin?"
He rubs his chin in thought.
"Why don't you go change into something Jacob might like." Keith nods toward her room.
Her eyes bulge, "Big Bird?"
"What the hell. Go for it." He chuckles.
She shyly stands up then turns to them, "How about Tickle Me Elmo instead?"
Keith laughs at her as Jacob tries to understand their code.
"Hurry the hell up." Keith points then looks over at Jacob, "Trust me. You will like living on Sesame Street."
Jacob creased his brow then found a silence among men as Brit vanishes into her bedroom. Finally Jacob opens up, "Thanks for helping us. I'm really nervous."
Keith nods puckering, "Try being her dad and going along with this."
Both of them chuckle.
"I don't want to disappoint her. She makes me crazy inside."
"It's cool Jake. Just don't get too crazy. I might have to hurt you."
Jacob smirks, "If I do anything you object to just ask me to leave."
"Fuck that. I'll throw you through the window." Keith growls then hisses, "Just kidding. I'm pretty sure you're going to relax and treat her well."
"I hope so. Relax that is."
They hear her door open and observe her reluctantly hugging the wall to avoid a perfect view of her.
Keith shakes his head, "Jake's waiting."
She slithers out into view wearing only a red G-string thong and a tiny red bra that was pleasantly sheer but not totally.
Both of their jaws dropped.
"Wow!" Jacob gasps.
"Should I go change?" She grits her teeth at her Dad.
"No. Get in here and sit with Jake."
She bites her lip and glides across the carpet and sits softly on the couch cushion.
Jacob twists to look her over and exhales through a whistled pucker.
"Do you like what I'm wearing?"
Jacob nods his approval so distracted by her beauty that neither of them heard Keith whisper, "Ohhh yeah. Love it."
With a sluggishness to their behavior Keith offers up, "Why don't you help Jake relax. Give him a massage. Stretch out on the floor Jake. Easier for her."
The boy slips off the sofa and on to his knees.
"Should I take my shirt off?" He squints with a leery expression.
Brit huffs, "Yes."
With her affirmation Jacob slips his t-shirt off and casts it on the couch. He then crawled forward to lay on his belly. He intentionally laid with his head facing Keith's chair, his profile facing away to mask his expression of amazement.
Brit's thoughts at seeing Jacob's toned muscles made her wet without resistance. She feigns touching his back then pulls her hands away to offer her father a glint of hesitance. She wanted him to think she questioned her desires. Looking up at Keith she shivers and shakes her hands at the wrists.
"So nervous. Sorry." She whispers down at Jacob.
He barely lifts his head from his folded arm pillow to offer, "So am I. If you don't want to do this I'll understand."
"I can do this. Just give me a second. Where do I begin Daddy?"
Keith sat expressionless at her question. In his own mind her preferred she start on himself. But, that would look very, very bad.
"Throw your left leg over Jake's lower back. Sit on his ass. Then lean over and massage his shoulders."
She slowly moved into position. As her butt rested on top of Jacob's he sighed heavily.
Her weight of 112 pounds spread out as she stretched forward to begin rubbing his shoulders. Fingers lightly squeezing yet playing coy.
"Too hard?"
Jacob chuckles, "I can barely feel them."
Keith frowns and swigs his beer. He observed her touch as attempting to grip harder. Finally, Jacob murmurs, "That's perfect."
Brit smiles at his satisfaction and glances at her dad. Keith gives her a thumbs up as his hand rested on his boxers. Beside his hand she spotted his own erection joining the uplifted thumb. She quickly lowered her gaze and smirked. It was as if he had given her two thumbs up.
After a spell Brit moved her fingers lower as if kneading down his spine. Jacob's exhales were his affirmation of her talents.
As Brit lifts her eyes back toward her dad she noted his fingers had unfastened the two rare buttons of his boxers. She could see his dick through the shadowed gap. Her eyes flared as she waited until Keith looked into her own.
Keith could tell she needed an assist as she shrugged delicately to inform him of her uncertain moves. He fidgeted his cheek like a twitch then lifted his hands as if to show her to remove her bra. Her smile gratified Keith that she wanted to.
Lifting away one of her hands Brit reaches behind her back and unclasps the red bra. As it released in back Keith noted a looseness as she was leaning over. The cups slipped on her breasts and showed the flesh as cleavage became more evident.
Keith then motioned her to lay over Jacob's back and trail her tits along his shoulder blades. With a timid grin to express nervousness she complied. Her body movement stretched further forward enabling her to taunt his skin with her dangling 34D's. The bra straps drooped over her own shoulders and allowed the cups to vacate her breasts. With each glide the bra left them completely. Jacob could feel her nipples teasing his back.
"Am I allowed to say how good that feels?" Jacob trembles.
Brit giggles and eyes her father.
Keith nods, "You wouldn't be human if you didn't. No reason to keep your comments in."
Jacob gasps then growls, "Can I roll over?"
Keith nods for Brit to lift away and allow him to reposition to lay facing toward the ceiling.
"Oh my God. They're beautiful." Jacob mutters in awe.
Brit in turn shyly cups her hands over them and squeezes them together. Her blush was real this time. A needed addition for believability.
Keith motions for her to lay forward once again. As she responded she pulled her bra off and discarded it.
Stretching out she let her nipples caress his chest and upper torso. His response was to shiver and close his eyes., lips trembling, Adam's apple obviously swallowing.
"Kiss him." Keith suggested.
She eased herself up to grace Jacob's mouth with her own. He returned her intentions with a wanting to improve kiss of his own. In seconds they became lost in each other.
Jacob raised his arms up to glide his palms up and down her back. With each pass she moaned gently.
They were so lost they would never notice Keith had his dick out fondling it. He felt he had time to enjoy himself.
For ten minutes they melted into French kissing and back to normal, finally coming up for air. This gave Keith time to tuck his erection away and rest his beer over his girth.
Brit chose to sit up and find Jacob's hands on her hips. She lifts them away and moves them up to her heaving breasts. There she squeezed his fingers around them. Once confident her own hands lowered to let Jacob play with them.
She fluttered her lashes at how good it felt under his attention. She eased her eyes toward Keith who puckered and nodded his approval. After a few moments Keith cleared his throat and used his hands to give her the hint to remove Jakes pants. Her eyes bulged and she grinned sheepishly.
As Jacob continued his playing with her breasts, Brit lowered her hands to unbuckle his belt and carefully unfasten his jeans. This made Jake ease away his hands and let them fall over his head.
He observed her reposition by lifting her body off of him to sit on her knees between his legs. This gave her more room to encourage her effort to pull his pants down. Jacob took the hint and lifted his waist to give her freedom to guide them to his ankles. She stopped there to remove his boots. Tossing them away she finished her mission to take away his jeans, casting them aside. He lay there in his briefs and tilted his head to look over at Keith.
"Pay no attention to me. You kids do what you want. Stop if she says stop."
Jacob returns his gaze to Brit who stretches her left hand down to begin touching his covered erection. Before official contact she pulls her hand away blushing and trying not to laugh.
"I'll get there. Let me breathe." She fans herself dramatically with a beguiling grin.
Her act was flawless toward Keith. He believed in her nerves.
Hesitantly she releases her exhale and drops her hand on his erection and releases a tender gasp of excitement.
"Oh my God. He, it's bigger than I imagined." She whispered petting it like a dog.
Jacob chuckled as his head tilted back.
"Eight inches. I've measured it." He then leers up at Keith, "Sorry Sir."
Keith shakes his head and thinks to himself, "I'm bigger."
Finally, after another fan of her unused hand Brit curls a finger under his waistband and peels it to expose his crown. In a burst of laughter she feigns a blush and lets the band cover him up again. Jacob winces at the bands attack.
"Forgive me?" She squints, gritting her teeth.
"I'll live. I imagined this to be the other way around. My undressing you."
"Really? Do you hate me?" She frowns.
"NO WAY!" Jacob chuckles.
"Good." She giggles and raises both of her hands to grip his waistband and yanks them as far as she could until he had to raise his hips again. Once he did she slithered the briefs off of his body. Jacob Manning was totally naked and rock hard.
"Okay. I'll let you get away with that any time you want." Jacob boasts.
Above him Keith clears his throat loudly. He just wanted to prove who was still boss here.
Brit gingerly smiles at her dad, "You said I should go as far as I felt good about it, Daddy. I'm liking this so far."
"He's being a gentleman." Keith finished off his beer.
Brit nodded and decided to continue by tickling Jacob's massive ball sack. He shivers as her right hand delicately fondled it's way up his shaft finally gripping it. She fawns over it with flaring eyes.
"He's quite handsome."
Jacob chuckles, "Thanks."
"I'm not sure what to do now. Any suggestions Daddy?"
Keith sits up abruptly, "Yeah. Time for a fresh beer." He then stands to tower over Jake, "While I'm gone try not to jizz on my carpet."
Leaving them the kids laugh together as Jacob sits up to face her.
"I can't WAIT to fuck you."
She holds her hand over his mouth.
"Shhhh! You will. Just keep playing along. Ask him more questions."
"Okay. This is soooo cool. I was terrified to be in front of your dad but he's just letting us get away with this."
"Lay down. He's coming back." She notes her dad return . He wasn't even trying to hide his erection now. She got even wetter.
As Keith stands to their side in the open living room he looks down at her hand's grip.
"Rub up and down on his dick. Here!" He hands down a bottle of lubricant.
She claims it with her unused hand reading it.
"Peach flavored?"
Keith chuckles, "Jake will thank you later."
Squeezing some in her removed hand she sniffs it then returns her palm to Jacob's erection. She then slowly at first began jerking him off. Jake was in Heaven.
"Slow it down. You need to prolong things. Once he loses it, if he's like most guys, it's all over." Keith prompted.
"Okay Daddy. Should I do anything differently?"
"Stop stroking him and give him a taste."
Her jaw drops giggling, "Okay."
She stretches out and holds her hair back as she leans over to flick her tongue on Jacob's crown. Giggling she accepts three inches into her mouth. Lapping her tongue at the peachy lotion she pulled away to lick her lips.
"It tastes great."
Keith reaches down and grabs her arm lifting her to her feet.
"Move over here." He escorts her to a stance over Jake's head. One of her feet to each side of her his profiles.
Keith then took the initiative to peel her panties off right over Jacob. She offered a whine of disbelief as her dad helped them off of her toes. She was naked now. Jacob loved the view.
"Jake? Brit's going to sit on your face. Your job is to lick her pussy. Once she's there I'll show you the right way to do this."
Jacob played along, "Are you certain she wants to go that far?"
"I like the concern Kid. I know my daughter." He looks at Brit, "SIT!"
"Yes Daddy." She bends her knees and lowers her thighs over Jacob's face. Luckily he loved eating pussy. He had plenty of experience.
Once her clit felt his tongue Brit moaned, "Dammit. That feels freaking awesome."
Keith nudged Brit to lay forward over Jake. Her tits crushing over his stomach.
"Now resume sucking Jake. Use your hands to squeeze his balls lightly."
Once Brit began it became a feeding frenzy. Both teenagers moaned at the top of their lungs even with their mouths full.
Keith crouches beside Jake and grabs the boys hand. He separates and guides his fingers into place.
"Slide one finger into her pussy. Once she accepts it add another. In and out. Keep licking her clit. Right there."
Keith went so far as to rub Brit's clit before Jake's eyes. He took over then. After a few minutes to observe Keith bent down and slapped his daughter's ass.
"Your turn Jake. Slap the other cheek then squeeze it."
Jacob jumped at the chance, slapping her equally as hard and making Brit pull her mouth off of Jake's cock long enough to cry out.
"Owwwwwwwwww!"
Jake pauses to look at Keith with a gaze of fear.
"Again." Keith motions.
Jacob slaps her ass once more, then as Keith encourages three more times until her cheeks are crimson.
Each time she felt the impact Brit sucked Jake even harder. She gave up her acting and gave into desire.
Jake placed his fingers back inside her and moved them in and out repeatedly. The friction made her cum instantly. In response she squeals and looks back at her father with a strained look.
Keith Foxx merely toasts her with his beer and fondles his erection through his boxers. She squinted as her cheek rubbed over Jacob's cock while maintaining her gaze at her dad. She taunted him.
Finally, She muttered, "Daddy? Can I go further with Jake?"
He nods with a frown, "Sit up. Both of you."
She crawls off of Jacob and helps him rise to sit beside her.
Keith points at Jake, "Do you want to go further with her?"
Jacob sits with saucer like eyes then growls, "Yes, Sir."
"Gotta condom?" Her dad expects a no.
Instead Jacob reaches behind him for his jeans and pulls two condoms out of his back pocket. Showing them to Keith he nods.
"Good man. Put one on."
Swiftly Jacob tears one open with his teeth and wraps his girth as Britney watched patiently.
Keith then points for Jake to lay down. Once ready Keith snatches his daughter's arm and guides her hips over his.
"Help his dick inside you. Sit on it and ride."
She fondles Jacob and places his crown into her hole then settles back with a loud gasp. Her eyes bulge at the fit. Those same eyes looked up at Keith.
"Stop looking at me and focus on Jake. Start going up and down on him."
"Like this Daddy?"
He notes her quick acceptance and watches her facial expression thrive with each rotation. Moans escalate into echoes. His daughter was cumming yet again.
Jake makes his move and sits up cradling her in his arms, kissing her shoulder. Finally, he literally picks her up and guides her back on to the carpet. Still within her he begins thrusting wildly.
Keith puckered his lower lip thinking, "Fast learner." He then moves behind them to observe Jake's cock ramming deeply into his daughter's oozing hole. He marveled at her labia wreathing around him with each exit of his dick.
Jacob slowed down and knelt in to suck on her nipples. Her response was consistent yearning. Her eyes however moved to watch her Father behind Jake.
Again toasting her with his bottle she mouthed the words, "I love you Daddy."
He nods and mouths those words right back at her, "I love you Princess."
Snarling Jake lifted away and gripped both of her ankles to spread her legs wider. He then pounded her extremely hard until she had a massive orgasm. Her screams concerned Keith but her waving hand kept him at bay.
End result Jake shot his load into his condom with a roar.
Pulling out of her Jake eased back and fell against the couch. He peels the condom off slowly to avoid losing the contained jizz. Holding it he looks nervously at Keith.
"If you're going to do this right pour it on her face."
Jake bulges his eyes, "Seriously?"
Keith steps over and drags Brit to her knees then lays her back between Jake's sprawling legs. Jake dangles his dick over her mouth until she opens her jaws wide and takes him in. She sucks him dry and swallows just as Jake tilts his condom to drain it over her cheeks and neckline.
Keith nods with a sneer.
"You did good Jake. I approve of you. Now get the hell out of my house."
Jake leaps up making Brit cover herself in a defensive reaction. She then sits up and watches Jake dress in record time. Racing out the door in front of her Brit could only say, "Thank you, Jake."
Keith took his boxers off and barked, "Wipe yourself."
She did so eying her dad's erection.
"You must think I'm dumb. You knew exactly what you were doing."
She sulk and curls up in a fetal position.
He points at the floor in front of him, "On your knees right there."
Quickly she uncurls and crawls over to him looking up with lost eyes.
"You see this dick?"
She nods feverishly.
"This dick created you. Honor it." He growls.
She lifts enough to swallow his cock and battle to contain it. He merely stood there and watched her.
"HONOR IT!"
She removes her mouth and rolls her tongue around it. One hand squeezes his balls, the other strokes the girth she couldn't fit into her mouth. Utilizing all three motions she suckled him until he detonated in her throat. He held her head firm until he was convinced she had swallowed every drop.
Finally, he shoves her away and points at her.
"Be honest."
"Okay. I'm a slut. I love sex. I've fucked at least ten guys in three days. Eleven counting you the other night. Before that I had only been with five since I was sixteen. Please don't hate me."
He shakes his head, "I had a hunch."
"I'm sorry to disappoint you." She frets.
Keith turns and gathers up his boxers. Starting down the hall he stops and whistles loudly.
Brit's eyes bulge, "Yes?"
Keith grunts, "Get your naked ass in my bed. I'm fucking you until morning."
Brit leaps up and squeals in delight. Reaching her father she hugs him from behind.
"No lie Daddy. You were my best."
He pulls her around him and grips her chin forcing her gaze.
"I SAID...IN MY BED. NOW!!"
She raced ahead and leaped into the king sized bed.
Her legs were wide and ready.
As the lights went out she screams at her Father's mounting her.
"I LOVE YOOOOOUUUU, DADDY!"
He said nothing more.
She would be very sore by morning.