Marion felt odd when she got home. Her grown children Ryan and Susan and Rachel greeted her. None of them seemed aware that she had an alien creature, pulsating on her back, under her blouse. She felt like her rider's presence should be obvious to them all, but Ryan simply shrugged, Susan smiled, and Rachel never gave her a second glance. When she saw Paul and he gave her a kiss, he asked her casually, "Where have you been, dear?"
"Chloe's," Marion managed to say. Paul didn't seem to realize she had a rider either. She blinked rapidly, and suddenly realized the deadline her sister Chloe had given her.
She only had five days to help her rider take control of her mind. Or else. Marion wasn't sure what the consuqences of failure would be, but from Chloe's tone she was sure it would be worse.
Marion never had sex with Paul on a daily basis. Usually, he wanted it more than she did, and they only did it once or twice a week. Would Paul be willing to do it every day?
Marion also was worried about her bodily alterations. Marion now had a rider on her back. What if Paul saw it?
"Make sure he doesn't, sweetie," Chloe had told her. "Or we'll have to come for him sooner than we planned."
That sent a chill down her spine.
She had one thought in her mind: to have sex with Paul. Chloe had told her the rider was immature, but Marion already felt it trying to influence her. Already it was filling her mind with the urge for sex. Marion had always been attracted to Paul but never had the sex drive she did right now. She felt she desperately needed to have sex with Paul to help strengthen her rider. Marion tried to resist, but she knew the consequences for failing to comply. If she disobeyed, they would take her family.
And so after dinner that night, Marion was all over Paul, hugging and kissing and touching him. Paul got the hint, but chuckled, "Little girl needs some loving, doesn't she?" Marion had nodded, smiling eagerly. She knew Paul would find her behavior out of character, since he was usually the initiator and she the reluctant one. But she had no choice.
Paul smiled and took her by the hand to the bedroom, as he always did. But this time Marion wasn't the sheep going to the slaughter, giving her body to satisfy him. She needed it now more than he did.
They made love with the lights off. Marion made sure that Paul didn't see or touch her upper back. One time he tried to wrap his arms around her, and she caught them just in time, and moved them down to her waist. She also made sure to ride on top of Paul, remembering Chloe telling her that her rider would grow more quickly if she made the most exertions.
As Marion rode up and down on Paul's shaft, she felt tremendous angst mixed in with her sexual arousal. Her ass and thigh muscles strained as she worked herself up and down furiously. Her arm muscles throbbed as she held herself steady as she bounced up and down on his shaft. She was actively cooperating in her own enslavement. She was working as hard as she could to help an alien creature take over greater and greater control of her mind. And there was nothing she could do about it.
She could feel her rider draining energy from her on her back, sucking the vitality out of her to make itself stronger. Marion felt especially drained after they had sex, and it wasn't just because of the exertion. It was because of the rider on her back, the parasite, using her energy to make itself bigger, larger. And more in control of her. As she lay in bed in the dark with Paul after their intercourse, she wondered how much more powerful she had just made her rider. She felt it throbbing on her back and in her mind.
********
The following morning after Paul went to work she disrobed and anxiously looked at her rider in the mirror. It didn't look much larger. But it was still an alien creature, pulsating on her back. It had fed her dreams of contentment and joy as she slept; she had vague memories of being a willing part of the Hive, and loving every moment of it.
Why didn't she just remove it?
Marion was surprised that the thought hadn't occurred to her. The worm had caused her pain when she touched it, but the worm, which was now gone, had been lodged in her very sensitive clit.
She moved her hand behind her back, using two mirrors to guide it. But when she moved to touch her rider, she felt a sharp stabbing pain.
"Ow!" She cried.
Marion cried to grab onto her rider, but felt the pain increase tenfold.
She dropped to the floor of the bathroom, sobbing rapidly.
"All right, all right!" She cried. "I'm sorry!" The pain continued. "I won't do it again! I promise! I really do!"
The pain slowly started to fade. In a moment, it was just a memory.
Marion slowly got up and looked at her rider in the mirror. A wave of panic went through her.
There was no way to remove it.
***************
Chloe called her on the holocomm shortly before lunch.
"Hello, dear," said Chloe. "Did you have sex with Paul last night?"
Marion looked around the room and thought rapidly; Paul was at work and the kids were at school; they could converse privately. "Yes," she said, licking her lips nervously.
"And how did it make you feel? Wasn't it the best sex ever?"
"I..... Yes." Marion had to admit it. Her rider had amplified her sex drive. Every nerve ending seemed supremely stimulated, all in an effort to get herself to exert herself to the maximum to give her new master the strength it needed to grow and take control of her mind.
"Are you pleased with your rider?" Chloe asked.
"No, I'm not," said Marion. "Please, Chloe. Can't you take this thing off me?"
Chloe's holoimage frowned. "No. It will never come off you. Once you join the Hive, you can never leave."
"But you said my rider isn't even ma... mature. Can't you remove it?" Marion asked.
"I wouldn't want to. And in a few days, neither will you," said Chloe. "Remember our deal. You WILL have sex with Paul every night until your rider matures."
"Do I have to?" Marion asked.
"No," said Chloe. "If you prefer, you can come here every evening. I'm sure Stephan and Christopher would be eager and willing to help your rider reach maturity instead."
"No!" said Marion, her eyes wide.
"Then you will continue to have sex with Paul, every night. Say it!"
"Yes," said Marion. "I will have sex with Paul, every night."
"And you will always be on top, to make the maximum effort for your rider."
"Yes," Marion sighed. "I will be on top."
"Because you want your rider to mature." Chloe looked intently at her sister.
Marion gulped. "Because... I want my rider to mature."
"Good," said Chloe. "Don't look so glum, dear. In a day or two you're going to be very pleased with yourself."
*********
Paul was surprised when Marion cuddled up against him the following evening after dinner, sitting in his lap and kissing him. "Again?" he asked.
"Um hm," said Marion. Her mind was full of ambivalence, but her body wasn't; her immature rider had flooded her with sexual need. It was all she could do to prevent herself from raping Paul in the kitchen. They walked hand in hand to the bedroom and passed by Rachel and Susan. Normally Marion would have blushed, but her mind was too preoccupied for that.
Once again Marion was riding up and down on Paul's penis in the dark. He had also expressed surprise that she wanted to be on top, again, as Marion usually preferred to let Paul "do the work". But her rider demanded she be on top and she found she couldn't resist. As she bounced up and down on Paul's shaft, she could feel the heat of the rider on her back and the tendrils slowly growing, expanding into her nervous system, getting a firmer hold on her brain and her breasts and her cunt.
When it was finished and she lay in bed with Paul, totally exhausted, she wondered,What am I becoming?
*********
The following morning she looked at her rider in the bathroom mirror again. It seemed to be a little thicker and a little wider than before. She didn't know which would make her more anxious; if it grew slowly or quickly. Too quickly, and it would gain control of her mind; too slowly, and Chloe might take her entire family.
At that moment Paul entered the bathroom. Marion, startled, moved backwards so her back was against the wall. It was imperative that Paul not see her rider.
"Hey beautiful," he said, giving her a quick kiss.
"Hey you," said Marion, trying to sound normal.
But then Paul took a step back and studied her.
"What's... what's wrong, Paul?"
Paul was silent for a long moment. Then he said, "It's just... you're so beautiful. Something about you... you're just so sexy."
"Oh Paul!" Marion cried. She hugged him tightly. He laughed as he hugged her back, though she was careful to make sure that his arms hugged her lower down.
"Do you find me appealing, Paul?" she asked, after they kissed again.
"More than ever," said Paul.
As he turned to go, Marion felt a tingling on her back and in her vagina.
*********
Chloe called her on the holocomm later that afternoon, before Paul got home, but after the kids had returned from school.
"Did you have sex with him again?" was her first question.
"Yes," said Marion.
"Is your rider growing?"
Marion paused. "Yes," she said, in a small voice.
"Show me."
Marion looked down the hallway. "Chloe, the kids are home from school."
"Are they in the living room right now?"
"No," said Marion. "But-"
"Show me," Chloe demanded.
Marion felt the incredible urge to take off her blouse. She nodded and slowly unbuttoned it, one by one. She heard Rachel talking to someone in her bedroom. If Rachel or Susan or Ryan came out and saw her rider, she would have a lot of explaining to do.
Nevertheless she took off her shirt and slowly turned around. The rider hung between her shoulder blades, just above her horizontal bra strap.
"Yes... it's definitely bigger from the day you first got your rider," said Chloe. "Do you remember how good that felt, how you begged and pleaded to have your rider implanted?"
"Yes," Marion blushed, remembering how she had been coerced. But had part of her meant it?
"Do you feel it starting to take control of your mind?"
Marion looked at the hallway. Any of the children could come out at any moment. "Yes," she said softly.
"Do you want to join the Hive?" Chloe asked.
"I... maybe," said Marion, feeling all confused and flustered.
"Momomomomom," said Chloe.
Marion stiffened. "Momomomomom."
"Momomomomomomom," said Chloe.
"Momomomom Mamoomisham! Mammoomisham!" said Marion. After a moment she blinked. "What... what was I saying?"
"That you wanted to join the Hive."
"Oh... yes," said Marion, feeling confused. Is that what she had said?
"Good," said Chloe. "You will be sure to have sex with Paul again tonight, won't you?"
"Three nights in a row?" Marion asked.
"Get it done," said Chloe. "You only have two days left."
Two days for her rider to reach maturity. Or else...what?
*********
If Paul was surprised that Marion asked for sex two nights in a row, when she seldom asked for sex at all, he was even more surprised when Marion asked for it again on the third night.
"What's gotten into you?" he asked, as Marion frantically planted kisses all over his face and squirmed in his lap. "Again? Three nights in a row?"
"I... I just love you so much," Marion said desperately. Her rider was stimulating her more strongly every night. She just had to have sex now. She kissed him fiercely. "Please, Paul," she whispered in his ear. "I need it so badly."
Paul laughed. "All right, then."
This time when they had sex, Marion could feel it changing her. She felt the rider on her back sucking the biochemical energy from her. But at the same time it was also stimulating her relentlessly. Every time she moved up and down on Paul's penis the pleasure in her vagina was doubled. Tripled. Marion experienced multiple orgasms. Each one helped nurture her rider. When she was finally spent, she was exhausted.
Paul noticed the change in her as they lay in bed together in the dark. "You've changed."
Marion stiffened. "Changed? How?"Had Paul seen her rider?
"You're more relaxed then I've ever seen you before during sex. You seem to enjoy it more," said Paul. He held her hand.
"I... I do," said Marion. "You excite me more than ever."
"That's good," said Paul, sounding very satisfied and very proud. "That's really good."
They kissed, and Marion felt a confusing but also satisfying glow. Then she fell into a blissful sleep.
********
The following morning Marion went into the bathroom and took off her nightgown and looked at her body. Just a few days ago, Marion had been totally ashamed of her body, of her sexuality. But now something had changed. She ran her hands over her large, bell shaped breasts. Her jaw dropped as she realized for the first time how beautiful they were. She knew how much they had aroused Paul, but never truly believed that they were sexy. But now, as she touched herself, she realized he was right.
She moved her hands down her body, feeling her belly, her hips, her well rounded ass, and her thick, muscular thighs. Then she spread her legs and gently rubbed a hand over her vaginal lips. They were wide and fleshy, embedded in a rich, thick forest of dark pubic hair. She was truly a sexual being. That was what she was made for. Why should she be ashamed of it?
Then she turned around and looked at her rider in the mirror. It was larger now, and thicker, since it had first been put on her back four days ago. For some reason she had thought the brownish-yellow pulsating mass between her shoulder blades was bad; now she wasn't sure why she had thought that. Her rider was a part of her body, every bit as much as her breasts and pubis. It made her more attractive, more feminine, more womanly. She felt the reassuring warmth of it on her back, and smiled. Marion remembered objecting before it was put on her, but didn't remember why she felt that way anymore.
She slowly got dressed and relaxed, feeling much more content.
********
Chloe called her on the holocomm later that afternoon. She wanted to see how Marion's rider was progressing. Marion reluctantly took off her shirt. Paul was not home yet but Rachel, Susan, and Ryan were in their bedrooms, studying or relaxing. It was taking a risk, but Marion felt more compelled than ever to obey the Hive. She obediently turned around so Chloe could see her rider.
"Yes... yes... it's growing nicely," said Chloe, staring at the image from the holorecorder. "I can't see any sign of the first band yet, but it should be soon." She looked critically at Marion. "Do you feel it starting to take control of your mind?"
"I...." Marion found the question to be an embarrassing one. "Yes." She whispered. In fact, she had heard the rider, in her mind, every night. It spoke to her when she was most defenseless, in her sleep. It evensangto her, a song of friendship, of passion, of love. Every morning she woke up, feeling a little more positively towards her rider. She had to keep reminding herself that it was a parasite, controlling her, even as she began to develop strong feelings of attachment to it.
"And how do you feel about being part of the Hive? About being controlled by your rider?"
Marion knew the answer that Chloe wanted. "I... I like it," she said. To her great shame she blushed as she answered. Not because of the humiliation of giving such an answer, but because she knew that a part of herself believed it. A part that was growing stronger every day.
"You want to serve the Hive now, don't you, Sister?" Chloe asked.
"Yes," Marion whispered, blushing furiously. She hadn't known she was going to say it until she did. But it all felt so good.
"Then do it," said Chloe suddenly.
"Do what?" said Marion.
"Put your hand in your pants. Touch yourself."
"Chloe!" said Marion. "I... I haven't done that in years! And never in front of anyone!"
"You will do it in front of me, Sister."
Marion felt a warmth on her back and the sudden urge to comply. But still she resisted the immature rider on her back. It could clearly influence her, but its control over her was far from complete. Her voice dropped to a whisper. "Chloe, I can't do this. The kids are home!" Ryan was 20, Rachel was 19, and Susan was only 18. It would be humiliating if one of them caught her touching herself.
"Do it," said Chloe firmly. "The Hive demands it."
The Hive demands it.
Marion stiffened, and felt her hands moving of their own accord. One hand opened her pants while the other one slipped its way in. Her fingers sunk into her pubic folds until she reached her clitoris. Then she started rubbing it. She panted quietly.
"It feels good, doesn't it?" Chloe asked.
"Yes," Marion whispered. What was she doing? She was masturbating in her own living room, in front of her sister, and her children were only dozens of feet away! Marion desperately wanted to stop but she couldn't. Her rider amplified her pleasure.
"Keep rubbing," Chloe said. "Soon your rider will have complete control over you. Soon you will do anything the Hive says."
Marion's face was contorted with sexual pleasure as her eyebrows started to converge and a sheen of sweat broke out over her forehead. "Ah... ah... ah....."
"You want to be controlled like this, Marion, don't you?"
"Ah... ah..... ah... ah..... Yessss," she hissed.
"You want to be used sexually, don't you?"
"Ah.... ah..... Yes!" Marion whispered eagerly. The excitement, the thrill of being controlled, the danger of being discovered, all contributed to her rapid arousal. Marion rapidly felt her orgasm approaching. She felt the heat of the rider on her back. She felt its tendrils in her mind, and her pubis.....
Suddenly she heard a door open, and she immediately pulled her hand out of her pants. Her 18 year old daughter Susan came into the living room, "Mom, do you know where the cancellators are?"
"Cancellators? The top shelf of the bathroom storage closet, I think," said Marion, trying to sound normal. She suddenly realized that her face was all sweaty, her shirt was off, and that her pants were open, even as the holoconnection to Chloe was still active. She saw Susan give her an odd look, and was glad that her back was facing away from her. Marion thought quickly. "What do you think of these pants, Chloe? Should I keep them or return them?"
"I would keep them," said Chloe. "They suit you, Marion. Hello, Susan dear."
"Hello, Aunt Chloe," said Susan. She gave them both a frown, and walked back the way she came.
"Susan would make a beautiful addition to the Hive," said Chloe.
"No!" said Marion. "I joined the Hive to keep her safe!"
"Would you deny her all the pleasures that you're experiencing?" said Chloe. She saw the indecision on Marion's face. She was still processing. "You have two days left. We'll talk more tomorrow."
********
That evening, the fourth night since she had gotten her rider, Marion snuggled up against Paul, which was her signal that she wanted sex again. But this time Paul looked at her oddly. "Four nights in a row? I need the night off, sugar," he said. "Honestly, I haven't seen you this frisky in years. Is something going on?" He looked at her oddly.
"No... I just feel, in the mood," said Marion.
He kissed her on the forehead. "Well, hold it in for one more night. The home team will be back tomorrow to pitch another round."
Marion gave a weak smile. That would be cutting things close. Chloe expected her to have a fully mature rider by the day after tomorrow.
She spent a restless night tossing and turning.
********
Like clockwork, Chloe called her the following afternoon. She seemed to do that on purpose, to increase the risk of Marion being discovered by the children, though Marion wasn't quite sure why. Perhaps she was testing Marion's level of obedience.
Marion explained how she had tried to have sex with Paul but that he wanted the night off.
Chloe's holoimage looked skeptically at Marion. "Are you sure? Or are you just trying to disobey the Hive?"
"No Chloe! I would never do that!" said Marion.
"Then prove it. Take off your clothes."
Marion moved to take off her blouse to show Chloe her rider. But when she removed it, and proudly turned around to show her rapidly maturing rider, Chloe shook her head. "No. Don't stop there. Take it all off."
Marion's eyebrows shot up. "Here? In the living room? The kids could see!"
"Are you disobeying an order of the Hive, Marion?" Chloe asked.
Marion licked her lips. "Let me go to the bathroom. I'll do anything you want there."
"Anything?"
Marion swallowed heavily. "Yes."
*********
Marion quickly shut the bathroom door behind her and put the holocomm down on the sink counter, closed the door, and reached for her own clothes with trembling hands. Part of her was excited, very excited at the thought of touching herself in front of her sister. The thought of getting naked in front of Chloe, much less fondling herself, would have been unthinkable just three days ago. But a lot had changed in three days.
Marion hurriedly tossed her shirt on the floor and reached behind herself to unhook her bra. She saw Chloe's eyes widen on the holoprojector as her large breasts came free. She hurriedly tossed the bra to the floor on top of her shirt and moved to her pants. It was only when she came to her panties that she paused.
What was she doing?
"All of it, Sister," said Chloe.
Marion felt her rider pulsating on her back, filling her cunt with sexual desire.All of it.
She slowly pulled down her panties and stepped out of it, one leg at a time.
Now she was completely nude in front of her sister. Her reticence at being nude in front of Chloe had vanished without her even noticing it. After all, Chloe had already seen her nude once before when she... she..... Marion turned around and showed Chloe her rider. She was also aware that her firm ass cheeks were in her sister's view. "It's growing, see?"
"Yes, it is," said Chloe. "It looks like it's getting closer to maturity. I can see the faint outlines of your first band. Does that excite you, Marion?"
"I... yes," Marion gulped, her heart racing. But it did.
"Turn around and face me, dear."
Marion rotated her body. She was painfully aware that her breasts and pubis were on display for her sister. She saw a hungering in Chloe's eyes, a hungering which made her uneasy and excited, all at the same time.
"Spread your legs, dear. Don't be shy."
Marion bit her lips and complied. She was acutely aware that the redness of her labial lips was in sharp contrast to the dark triangle of pubic hair above it. Chloe gave a low whistle which made her blush. She felt the impulse to cover herself but resisted it.
Chloe eyed her speculatively. "Do you want to join the Hive, Marion?"
Marion paused for a moment. "Yes, I think I do," she said quietly. Her answer stunned herself. She wasn't sure exactly when she had decided that, but it appeared she had. "I... I want to serve the Hive, Chloe. Ineedto serve the Hive." She felt a pounding in her head and her clit as she said it.
"Then prove it," said Chloe. "Touch yourself."
"Touch myself?" Marion's eyebrows shot upwards.
"Like you did yesterday."
"You... you want me to touch myself... in front of you?"
"You did it before, dear."
Marion swallowed hard again. Yesterday she at least had had her clothes on. What Chloe wanted was for her to pleasure herself, totally nude, right in front of her. All of Marion's inhibitions told her that no, she shouldn't pleasure herself in front of her sister. But then she felt an impulse in her mind, the urge to be sexual, to even be exhibitionist. Suddenly the thought of pleasing herself while Chloe watched gave Marion a new kind of thrill. She wanted to do it.
Sheneededto do it.
Marion moved a trembling hand between her legs. She started rubbing hesitantly.
"That's it. That's a good girl," said Chloe. "Do you like that?"
"Yes," said Marion, grimacing as she said it. She felt shy at first.
She was masturbating in front of her sister!
But something inside her seemed to give her courage. Every pulse of her rider caused her to stand straighter. She even found herself spreading her legs slightly to give Chloe a better view. Marion felt sexual pleasure racing through her body, relaxing her. Suddenly what she was doing didn't seem scandalous at all; it seemed natural,wholesomeeven. Marion gave a little smile as her breasts heaved. "I like it, Chloe," she said, in a half-frightened stage whisper.
"I knew you would. You're a natural. Spread your legs a little more, darling, so I can see your cunt better."
Marion, blushing furiously, complied, shamefully spreading her legs wide for the holocomm so Chloe could see her fingers plunging between her pink labial lips.
"Can... can you see what you want to now, Chloe?" Marion gulped, as she rubbed her mushy clit.
"I can indeed, dearie." Chloe's gaze hungrily devoured her younger sister. She admired Marion's heavy breasts, with their enormous taut areolas. Then she looked down at the dark curly bush which so beautifully framed her engorged pink labia. Marion looked incredibly sexy as she rubbed herself inside her slit. Marion heard something inaudible inside her head, and she used her other hand to rub her labial lips even as she masturbated her clitoris vigorously.
"You're so beautiful, Marion," said Chloe.
"I... I am?" Marion asked, as she rubbed her clit, her breasts heaving.
"Yes, you are, you silly thing," said Chloe. "The Hive is releasing your sexuality. You are going to be even more beautiful when it is done with you."
Marion felt an odd thrill coursing through her body. She didn't want it... and yet she did.
Chloe watched her sister obediently rubbing her clit. "You want to join the Hive, don't you, Marion?"
"Yes," said Marion with warmth.
"Then say it."
"I... I want to join the Hive," said Marion.
"Again!"
"I want to join the Hive!" said Marion, with real feeling. Each time she said it her rider rewarded her with a jolt of pleasure. "Oh, Chloe, this feels so incredible!"
"And it's only going to feel even better," said Chloe patronizingly. "Tell me, Marion, you want your mind and body controlled by the Hive, don't you?'
"Yes!" said Marion.
"You want to be used to expand the Hive, don't you?'
"Yes," said Marion. "I must expand the Hive. I... I want my rider to mature sexually. I.,.,. " she gasped "I want it to-" she gasped again as her mind fed her the words, "take control of my mind, ah, ah, AAHHHHH!"
She climaxed noisily. She didn't even think to wonder if the children had heard. The whole world dropped out of focus as Marion sagged against the bathroom counter, panting heavily. When she became aware again she saw Chloe smiling at her with satisfaction.
"Was that good?"
"It was incredible," Marion breathed.
Chloe's holoimage nodded. "You're almost there. You'll have sex with Paul tonight, won't you?"
"Of course!" said Marion.
"One more session should do it," said Chloe.
*********
But when Paul came home that night, it was late in the evening. He had had to work long hours and was exhausted. Marion made sympathetic noises and plied him with food, but when she tried to kiss him after dinner he gave her an incredulous look. "Marion... I love you dearly... but I'm simply too exhausted. This weekend. I'll make it up to you this weekend, all right?"
Marion saw there was no way she was going to get sex from Paul. She nodded tensely, and then fell into a very uneasy sleep.
*********
"Please, give me another day!" Marion said, with tears in her eyes.
She was at Chloe's house, and she had received a very skeptical reception from Chloe and Stephan. They both stood there, looking impassively at her, not saying a word.
"I'm almost there," said Marion desperately. "Please! Let me show you!"
"All right, dear," said Chloe, in a neutral tone. "Show us."
Marion frantically unbuttoned her blouse and threw it to the floor. It escaped her notice how easily she undressed now. She turned around and showed Chloe her rider. "See how big it's gotten?"
Marionwantedher rider to get bigger. She was proud of it, even. Chloe and Stephan exchanged hidden smiles. She was almost ready to be taken over now.
Marion somehow felt rather than saw Chloe approach her. Then she felt Chloe's soft hands touching her rider. She shivered at the sensation.
"Yes, it has gotten bigger," said Chloe, in a very casual tone of voice. She traced an outline along the edges of Marion's rider with her index finger, making Marion feel a tingling in her vagina. "I can see you have made some modest progress." Chloe resisted a smile as she examined Marion's rider. She could tell that Marion had been making quite good progress, actually. Her rider was thicker and a good two inches wider. She could also see the faint outline of her first band. Her rider was indeed on the cusp of maturity.
Marion whirled around to face her sister. "Modest progress? I've been having sex every night!"
"Every night?" said Chloe.
"Every night Paul would have me," said Marion. She bit her lip. "Please, please don't take my family. I've done everything you said."
Chloe gave Stephan a neutral glance and tapped her foot, as if considering. "Your riderisclose to maturity. Perhaps there is another way you can finish this."
"How?" Marion asked.
"If you touch yourself," said Chloe.
"What?" Marion asked.
"You heard me," said Chloe. "Get the blood flowing from pleasuring yourself. It's not quite as productive as sex, but you're so close, I think it will get you to completion. Remember, like you did... yesterday?"
The memory of masturbating in front of Chloe made Marion blush. "I... all right," said Marion. She reached down and picked up her blouse, and started to put it back on. But Chloe grabbed her hand, and shook her head.
"What?" said Marion.
"You'll do it here, and now."
"Uh... all right," said Marion. She looked around rapidly. "Can I use your bathroom, or your bedroom-"
"Right here will be fine," said Chloe, in a tone that Marion didn't quite like.
Marion took a deep breath as she stared at Chloe and Stephan. She saw the progression. Chloe had gotten Marion to masturbate in front of her, and now she wanted Marion to perform in front of her husband as well. Marion took another deep breath, and prepared to comply.
But as she reached behind her to unstrap her bra, Chloe raised her voice. "Children!"
Marion's eyes went wide. "Chloe, no!"
"What is it, Ma?" came Christopher's voice.
"Come here, dear. I think there's something you'll really want to see. And bring your sister," said Chloe, with an evil grin.
Chloe's 20 year old son and 22 year old daughter Michelle entered a moment later. "Hey Aunt Marion," said Christopher. "Did you like the rider I made for you?"
"Marion simply loves it, don't you, dear?" said Chloe.
Marion nodded curtly.
"Turn around, and show it off!"
Marion turned around and let the children see her rider.
"Yeah, it's getting big now," said Christopher. "I can almost see the first ring. Do you like having it in your back, Aunt Marion?"
Marion turned around to face him. "Yes, Christopher. Very much. Thank... thank you for making it for me," she said quietly, aware of Chloe's eyes on her.
Chloe stared at Marion with probing eyes. "Children, your Aunt Marion is about to give a special performance. She's going to bring her rider to maturity, and she wants all of you to watch and cheer her on."
"Chloe, please don't-"
"You'd better begin, dear," said Chloe. "Or if you're feeling shy, perhaps we'll invite your Susan or Rachel over. It's been a long time since Christopher and Michelle have seen them, I'm sure they'd love to get together-"
"No! All right," said Marion reluctantly. She paused, but only for a moment, and then reached behind her and undid the strap of her bra. She pulled it off of her, even as her lower lip trembled a bit as her heavy breasts came into view.
"Wow! Your tits are really sexy, Aunt Marion," said Christopher.
Marion looked down at the floor.
"Marion, Christopher just paid you a compliment," said Chloe.
"Thank... thank you, Christopher," said Marion, her voice cracking with embarrassment. She looked up and saw Chloe's impatient look. Chloe tapped her foot. That was all that was needed.
Marion got to work on her skirt. In seconds it was in a puddle on the floor. She stepped out of it. She took off her shoes and socks. Now all she was wearing were her panties. She felt the eyes of Chloe's family on her.
"Take it off," Christopher whispered. "Take it all off, Aunt Marion."
Marion took a deep breath. She had to be brave. She slowly pulled down her panties, revealing her dark pubic bush.
Stephan licked his lips. Michelle's eyes widened. "You look so sexy, Aunt Marion."
"Thank you, Michelle," she responded, looking away as she said it.
Chloe came forward with a stool, and brought it to Marion. "You have some work to do, don't you, Marion?"
Marion nodded. She sat down on the stool. She took a deep breath. Her rider fortified her, telling herthis is the right thing to do. But as she reached down to put a hand between her legs, Chloe spoke again. "Spread your legs, dear. You want to give the children a good view, don't you?"
Marion looked startled, but saw the hardness in Chloe's eyes. Restraining a sob, she spread her legs, showing her thick labial lips perfectly framed by her dark pubic bush. Stephan gave a low whistle that cut through her like a knife, and Christopher clapped his hands like a thunderclap.
"Now get to it, dear," said Chloe. She saw Marion hesitate. Chloe gave Marion a hard stare. "The Hive is rapidly losing patience with you, my dear. You were supposed to be under the control of your rider by now. Out of sisterly love, I gave you an extension." She reached down and picked up Marion's clothes. "But if you don't get started right now, I'm going to send you packing."
The thought of being ejected totally naked from Chloe's house was more than Marion could bear. She sobbed as she hesitantly put a trembling hand into her slit, and found her clitoris.
As Marion started to hesitantly fondle herself, her sister gave her a wicked grin.
There was no way I could be aroused by this,she thought. Tears of shame were streaming down her cheeks.
And yet...she was. Her rider was making sure of that. Marion groaned with sexual pleasure as she started to masturbate herself. She started to arch her back with her movements and make little "ah, ah" sounds.
Chloe's husband Stephan rubbed a hand through his beard as he watched Marion pleasure herself. Her son Christopher rubbed his groin through his trousers as his eyes were glued to her body. Her daughter Michelle leered at her and gave her a mocking smile.
"Marion, have you found a rhythm that works for you?" Chloe asked.
"I... ah... ah... yes, Chloe," said Marion, her face turning red again. It was all so humiliating! And yet she couldn't stop. She felt the heat of her rider on her back, spurring her on.
"Good, dear. Keep going," said Chloe, with clear satisfaction in her tone.
Christopher watched Marion playing with her fingers moving in her thick triangle of pubic curls. He saw the look of pure sexual pleasure on her face as she played with herself. "She's so sexy, Mom," Christopher whispered. "Can I have her once she's trained?"
"Of course," said Chloe. "Though your father will probably have her first."
Marion gave a shocked look at Stephan. Chloe's bearded husband was staring at her with pure lust. He clearly had an erection inside his pants. And he wasn't the only one. Christopher also had a hard-on.
"Chloe!" said Marion. "I'm not going to have sex with your husband!"
"Of course you will, and you'll love every minute of it," said Chloe smugly. She frowned. "No one gave you permission to stop, dear."
Marion, looking deeply conflicted, started playing with her clit again. In moments she was gasping and rocking back and forth.
"Your cunt is very pretty, Aunt Marion," Christopher said, as he rubbed his shaft through his trousers.
Marion blushed.
"Marion!" said Chloe sharply. "My son just paid you a compliment. What do you have to say?"
"I...." Marion gasped as she pleasured herself. This whole situation was so unreal. She was masturbating in front of her sister, her husband, and her adult children! She felt her rider putting words in her head, giving her the courage to speak. "I... thank you, Christopher."
Christopher gave a wide grin as the tent in his pants only seemed to grow taller.
The men in Chloe's family weren't the only ones enjoying the show. Even Michelle seemed aroused. The points of her nipples were sticking out of her bra and were clearly visible.
"Her cunt is very pretty," Michelle decided. "I like the way she rubs it. But I want Paul. Once Aunt Marion is fully part of us, can I have him, Mom?"
"I don't see why not," said Chloe.
"Chloe! My husband is not going to have sex with my niece!" said Marion.
"The burden of all these decisions will be lifted from you, once your rider matures," said Chloe sternly. "One of the first things you will learn when you fully join us is that who you procreate with and how you procreate is the Hive's decision."
"But I'm doing this to protect Paul and the others!" Marion cried, even as she continued to finger herself. Her clitoris was as wet as mush and her legs were all sweaty.
"You'll want it," said Chloe knowingly. "You will come to see it as the greatest gift you'll ever want to give them. You'll see."
Marion's eyes widened. She knew that the Hive would take control of her, but even now she didn't know the road that she was going to be made to walk down on.
"Don't worry about it," said Chloe, putting a hand on her shoulder. "When the time comes, you'll want it more than anything. Is it working, Marion? Do you feel your rider, getting stronger in your mind?"
"I... I think so," Marion gasped.What am I doing?She asked herself.The right thing, she answered. She continued to rock back and forth as she rubbed her sweaty clitoris. She sensed that her rider was simultaneously arousing her while also preventing her from achieving an orgasm. It wanted her to exert herself to the maximum, to make the effort needed for it to make the breakthrough and reach sexual maturity. She could feel its tendrils on her back and in her mind, growing more intense with each passing moment.
"Chloe... when this is done.... Will I still be me?" Marion gasped.
"Of course you will," said Chloe, rubbing her sister's shoulder tenderly. "A new you. A better you."
"A better me?" Marion looked up at her sister with uncertain eyes, even as she gasped with self-inflicted sexual pleasure.
"You will be a far better version of you. The best version you can possibly be." Chloe's eyes were shining and she gave Marion a predatory grin.
I should stop while I still can!Marion thought, as she continued to diddle her clitoris, working as hard as she could to help her rider mature and take control of her mind. She knew what she was doing was wrong, she feared what would happen when her rider matured, and yet there was absolutely no way she could stop now. Even if Paul and Susan and Rachel came through that doorway, she would be unable to stop pleasuring herself. Marion's sexual need was so great now, her need to climax, that she couldn't stop for anything, even if it meant losing control of her own mind and body.
Still, part of Marion's mind was embarrassed beyond belief to see Chloe and her family watch her perform in front of them. But another part, a growing part that Marion wanted to deny, felt a secret thrill. Part of her felt excited by the erections in Stephan's and Christopher's pants. Part of her, a part she didn't fully recognize, wondered what would happen if they made love to her. Paul had taken her virginity and she had only been with him her entire life. The thought of having sex with other men, different men,youngermen, excited her, and she didn't know if the thought was her own or her rider's. It was getting harder and harder to tell the difference.
"Keep at it, dear," said Chloe, in a low, husky voice. She slipped a hand into her pants, and to Marion's great surprise she saw Chloe shamelessly rubbing herself. Her own sister was actually masturbating to Marion's sexual performance!
For a moment, Marion stared into Chloe's eyes, saw the look of pure lust, and quickly looked away. She had seen that look before from other men, but never her from a woman. Never from hersister! It excited and frightened her. She sensed Chloe wanted something from her now, something she had never wanted before, and Marion was not at all sure she could give it to her.
Chloe was very aroused. She had not been a lesbian before she joined the Hive, but had always felt that her sister was much more attractive than she was, and the Hive, by its very nature, had expanded her appetites. The sight before her was incredible. Marion's muscular thighs were spread wide, showing her rich forest of pubic hair. She was using one hand to spread her vaginal lips, to give Chloe and her family the best view, and using the other to stimulate herself. Chloe and her family could see Marion working on the tiny bud of her clitoris, on the small pink head of her clitoris, peeking out from her clitoral hood. Marion worked it with one hand, petting it, nipping it, teasing it, caressing it, all in an effort to stimulate her rider to grow, to help it complete its transformation and take greater control of her mind. As she rocked back and forth, her heavy breasts bounced, her nipples proudly erect, her enormous areolas blood red.
Chloe watch her sister's sweaty face, her heavy breasts bobbing, her low moans of pleasure. "You look so beautiful... so sexy," Chloe whispered.
"I... I do?" said Marion, exhausted and confused.
"Yessss!" Chloe whispered, diddling herself harder.
"I will enjoy having you so much," said Chloe. She smiled broadly, her eyes filled with an alien light.
"Having me?"Her own sister?Marion was dismayed, but suddenly something radically changed in her mind, like a switch being activated, and her dismay was replaced with pleasure, pleasure and an enormous sense of satisfaction and accomplishment.
"Chloe!" Marion cried, sitting upright even as she still pleasured herself.
"What is it, Marion?" Chloe asked.
"I... Chloe.... Ah! Aaaaaaaah!" Suddenly Marion realized howgoodit was to be HiveFlesh. How her rider loved her so much! How serving the Hive was her highest calling!How her body was made for reproduction!
And then, without any warning,Marion came! Marion cried out and rocked back and forth on her ass, her breasts heaving, and found herself smiling with joy. Her body was covered with sweat. She was breathing heavily. Her muscles were aching. She felt like she had just run a mile, and she felt good.
Really good.
Marion basked in her post-orgasmic glow. Even as Chloe and her family clapped and cheered, she smiled back at them proudly. And then she felt it. On her back. She knew what had happened without looking. Her rider had matured, growing its first golden band. Marion's rider tingled, and grew warmer, and Marion felt a sudden surge in her mind, and then she knew the truth. Her rider loved her. Itcaredfor her. That realization flooded her head like a ton of bricks. She no longer thought of it as a parasite. It was a part of her, her very best friend.
"Congratulations, dear," said Chloe, coming close and giving her a hug. "I knew you could do it."
"My rider... it loves me," said Marion, basking in a warm glow emanating from her back to all over her body, from her head to her vagina to her toes.
"It certainly does," said Chloe. She gave Marion a firm kiss on the lips which left her feeling dazed. Stephan also kissed her. Michelle hugged her warmly, pressing her titties against hers, and whispered, "Welcome to the Hive, Aunt Marion."
And then Christopher took her in his arms and kissed her as well. "I can't wait to have you, Aunt Marion."
Marion reddened but said nothing. But something had changed; she felt it. If Christopher wanted it, she would have to give herself to him. She felt she could, if the circumstances demanded it, have sex with her nephew, something she had felt incapable of just a few minutes ago.
"All in good time, dear," said Chloe, giving a predatory smile. As they continued to congratulate her, Marion felt something new.A sense of community.Of being part of something larger than herself. It felt so good!
Stephan walked her up to a wall mirror, and Marion turned around. "What do you think?"
Marion saw the gold band around the edge of her rider.
It looked incredible!
"It's so beautiful!" She felt a thrill in her cunt just saying it.
But suddenly Marion's feeling of euphoria was tempered as she saw Chloe open a black bag, and pull out what looked like a green snake with glowing eyes. It hissed.
"Chloe, what is that?" Marion asked, scrambling backwards.
"It's your branding, dear," said Chloe.
"Branding?"
"It's time for you to receive your Hivemark." She turned to her children. "Show them, dears."
Christopher and Michelle were all grins as they removed each other's clothes. They even gave each other a quick kiss as they pulled down their respective undergarments. When they were done, they turned and faced Marion.
Christopher's penis was already erect. On the head of his penis Marion saw a glowing green symbol. Michelle smiled and spread her legs, and Marion saw a similar symbol, just above her pubic folds.
"You're going to put that on me?" said Marion.
"You must be marked by the Hive," said Chloe. She handed the snake to Michelle, and walked over to Marion and slowly caressed her breasts. "Didn't it feel good to have your rider mature?"
"Yes," Marion whispered, suddenly feeling the pleasure. Now that her rider was mature, the pleasure she felt was increased by at least a factor of two.
"Doesn't it feel good to be a part of the Hive?" Chloe whispered, her eyes shining.
Marion nodded.
Chloe's hand moved down between Marion's legs. Chloe had touched her there once, briefly, after Marion's rider had first been implanted. She had been dazed, confused, even resistant. But now she just gasped and spread her legs more widely to give Chloe easier access. Chloe expertly started to stimulate her.
"Ah, ah, ah, ah," Marion whispered.
"You like that, don't you?" said Chloe.
Marion nodded.
"Just as you'll like being branded. Ask me for it."
Marion wet her lips. Suddenly she wanted it more than anything. "Brand me. Brand me, Chloe."
"Beg me for it." Chloe's eyes were shining, and her lips were bright red. Her hand worked insistently, giving Marion pleasure but also an increasing tension that needed release.
"Please, Chloe," said Marion. "Please brand me. I want to be marked. I want to be owned. I... I beg you." The ease at which she spoke the words surprised even Marion. It was as if someone else was speaking. She felt the heaviness of her newly mature rider on her back and in her mind. It didn't make her decisions for her, not all of them, not yet, but it was having an increasingly larger and larger role by the minute as it grew more skilled at influencing her mind.
Chloe smiled and led her to the couch. Marion sat obediently. She heard something too soft to hear in her head, and spread her legs widely.
Chloe's smile grew wolfish.Marion was starting to obey her rider!
Chloe smiled. "What a good girl." She took the green snake from Michelle. "Stephan, Christopher, you'd better hold her arms."
Marion watched as the men each grabbed one of her arms. "What is that for?"
"It's important you don't move," said Chloe. She put the snake between her legs. It started to slither upwards.
Doubt and fear started to bubble in Marion's mind, to an extent that even her rider couldn't control.
"Chloe... please....."
"You're going to look so sexy," said Chloe, watching the alien snake wind its way up to her pubis. "Soon you will be marked as one of us forever and ever. You will be so proud of your Hive Mark that you will only wish you had it sooner." Marion, held firm by Stephan and Christopher, felt completely helpless.
"Please," Marion said again, as she saw the snake coil around her vaginal lips, looking for the right spot. With her legs widely spread, the target was clear.
The snake gave a mighty hiss, and Marion screamed, even before the snake bit down. Then her cry turned from panic to pain and she almost blacked out.
In seconds it was all over. "Open your eyes."
Marion complied. The snake was gone. So was the pain. Her arms were free. She looked down at her pubis. She had a glowing green symbol now. "What... what does this mean?"
"That you are Hiveflesh," said Chloe, extending her arms. Marion got up and hugged her. The hug turned into a kiss. "Welcome to the Hive, dear," said Chloe, giving her another kiss. She looked into Marion's eyes. "You are now marked as the property of the Hive forever. How does that make you feel?"
"I love belonging to the Hive," said Marion automatically. "I love my new slave mark."Slave mark?How had she known to call it that? And why would she want a slave mark? But even as she thought the words, her rider rewarded her with a jolt of pleasure.Slave. Marion shivered. She looked down at the glowing symbol above her vaginal folds. It glowed a bright green color. She gently caressed it with her fingertips. The pain was gone now. There was only pleasure.
"Is it done?" Marion asked.
"No," said Chloe. "You've only just begun."