This is a continuation from my previous story, as the title suggests. The first three paragraphs are, in fact, the last three paragraphs from that story. Advise you to read the same before going forward.
*************
Dan (naked) stared at me, no doubt surprised by the sudden change in my attitude. But, my eyes told him there was absolutely no mercy. He turned back and left. The second he had moved a distance, I turned around at the moms. There was a small smile on my face and when our eyes met, we just could not hold ourselves. Pretty soon, we were laughing our heads off! The idea of Dan naked and obeying my every command was hilarious.
Naked! Completely! Kissing my feet! Fetching my clothes!
Ensuring he would not cover up. Oh! I wish he did cover up. I really wanted him cuffed! Maybe I could! Who would stop me? Certainly not Dan. His books were not gonna help him now. No, sir. I did expect some resistance from the moms, especially Aunt Ann but it looked as if she was onboard with it 100% as well. The rest of the vacation was gonna be great.
Dan was back in fifteen minutes. But, to my disappointment, he was holding the clothes high over his head. All his privates completely visible. As I had ordered him to. Oh, well. It was not as if I would not have more opportunities. Very soon, we went inside for lunch.
Dan made to go to the table. Mom stopped him and said one word.
"Serve," she said. Her tone even made me turn around. It was not fierce. It was not rude. There was just one word for the tone. Dismissive. She did not even wait for him to acknowledge or reply. She just said it and went straight to sit at the table. My mind had only one sound ringing in it. Oooooooooh! I have to remember that tone. I have to use it.
Dan was looking at mom stupidly for a moment. He then turned to look at me. I just smiled at him and sat at the table. Dan then looked at his mom. Aunt Ann too, just smiled and sat at the table.
Dan then turned to look at mom. Mom had, by now, realized that Dan had not moved. The look on her eyes made Dan wince. Panicking, he now went to get the plates. At first, he had four. He then looked at us and seemed to pause.
"You can eat after you are done serving us." Said mom. "On the floor, of course."
Dan once again turned to me. "Do you have wax in your ears. Do what she says." I retorted.
Dan now started moving. We started giggling immediately. It was now that his nudity was making an impact. I had mentioned earlier that we had seen each other nude many times. But this was different. In those cases, either we were both nude or one person was nude to get tanned. In this case, Dan was just walking around naked. Not just walking around, he was serving us naked while we were fully clothed. The impact and feel was something new.
As he scurried around for spoons, forks etc, his privates were moving too. None of us could help ourselves. We were giggling loudly now. Dan looked at us. Then at himself. He seemed to realize why we were laughing. His eyes started brooding. Grimly, he turned back to get more.
Dan reached up for a Ladle. His butt cheeks covered. His crack seemed to get larger and a small portion of his scrotum was now visible. We giggled.
Dan bent down to get water cups. His butt was once again shoved behind. Additionally, the tips of his 8 inch hard cock and scrotum were visible.
By now, we were laughing openly. Dan knew why we were laughing and he did not like it. His eyes showed how sad he was.
He served mom the first course. Once it was enough, mom just raised her hand. Mom and I were sitting on one side of the table and Aunt Ann was sitting on the other. So, Dan turned to serve Aunt Ann. The Cock once again made a shaking action giving us one more thing to giggle.
SMACK!
Mom had smacked Dan on his bare ass. And, it was not a simple one. As he was turning around, she had pulled her arm fully back and landed a real fast one on Dan. Dan winced and turned around to face mom.
"That's for not obeying me immediately. There will be more next time." Once again, no rudeness or anger. It was, there was no other word for it. Regal.
Taking cue, both Aunt Ann and I gave him the same treatment. SMACK! SMACK! He now started rubbing his ass. Of course, we were not pulling punches and we had smacked him as hard as we could, given the time and the low proximity distance. Dan had just learned his first lesson.
No questions! No hesitations! Just obey! Regardless of which one of us gave the command.
Once we all had enough on our plates, we told him to stop. He looked at the table and the two extra chairs around the room. He then turned to look at us.
"You will either stand or sit on the floor. That goes for the next three days as well. No furniture for you. We don't want you to shed any hair on them." I said, trying to imitate mom's tone. Commanding and dismissive. And, at the same time I tried to make it as though it was a normal message. As if I was talking weather. Because this was the normal now! He was a slave! He could not sit on chairs. Not as equals to us.
However, once he sat on the floor, I turned once to look at Aunt Ann. Aunt Ann was looking at me questioningly. I made the pretty-pleasiest face I could. Aunt Ann looked at me for some time and then just shrugged. I heaved a sigh of relief and started to eat. After the lunch, we told him to have lunch and left for the patio.
"Once you are done eating, you will clear up the table clean the room. You can then come out to the patio. With your hands behind your back."
Once on the patio, I talked to Aunt Ann.
"Aunt Ann, I hope I am not displeasing you. I just," I started, when Aunt Ann stopped me.
"Oh! Don't worry about it. I am having too much fun too. I just was surprised when you said he cannot sit on chairs. But, you are right. I don't want to see any pubic hair when I try to sit." She said while shaking her head as she thought about the image again.
Dan came in after a while. "Hands behind your back and on your head." He complied immediately. We generally took a nap at this time. Dan and I shared a bed in the loft. But, of course, things had changed now. "Let's see if you are allowed to nap today." I said, and without looking at him, I moved to the dining table.
Dan realized what happened and scurried to keep up behind me. The moms came behind. The table, the Floor and the chairs were all cleaned properly. "Good work, Dan." I said, as though I was giving a pat on a Dog. "Come on, I am sleepy."
We both went up to the loft. I indicated Dan that he would sleep on the floor.
"Can I have a pillow, ma'am?" he asked.
"Good, you will address me as ma'am or madam at all times here. And, anything that mom or Aunt Ann says, you will do it straight away, just like I have said it. Or, you know what would happen."
"Yes, ma'am" he said meekly.
"Ok, now I will be on the bed. You will kiss my feet and tell me that you are nothing but my naked slave three times. Then, you can use the small pillow on the floor for sleeping."
Dan waited until I was lying down. He then proceeded to do his bidding.
"I " - kissed left foot - "am" - kissed right foot - "nothing" - kissed left foot - "but" kissed right foot - "your" - kissed left foot - "naked" -kissed right foot - "slave."
As he was told, he did it thrice and went to sleep.
We woke up later in the evening and Dan served us our coffee. By now, Dan seemed to be getting used to it. However, I knew how sad he felt every time he saw us giggling. A part of me, the part that usually spoke in Dan's voice was trying to remind me that this was just punishment for what he did and nothing more... But I knew it was no longer about that... I was having too much fun at Dan's expense. By now, I had made up my mind that I was not gonna let him off the hook even after we went back home. Generally, I and Dan would get the dried clothes and fold them up around this time. But now, you get what would have happened. Once Dan was done, we started playing the board games that we usually played at this time. With the small change that Dan had to be standing the entire time since we were all seated on a chair and he was not allowed. After some time, Dan started pleading.
"Please ma'am, can I sit on a chair. My legs are paining. I will clean up the chair afterwards."
"No, Dan. I cannot allow you." I said firmly.
"Ma'am please! My legs are really hurting." He once again pleaded.
The moms were smiling with disbelief now. Even I could not believe it had come to this stage in one day.
Dan! Naked! Pleading desperately for something as simple as being allowed to sit on a chair.
I thought of this time yesterday and if someone had told me that tomorrow would be like this, I would never have believed them. But, it was happening! And, even Dan had accepted it... At first, I did not know how to react. Then, I started feeling sorry for him and told him to go ahead.
At dinner, the same routine occurred as lunch. Only this time, Dan was careful and did not get smacked. Once we were done, he ate in the floor and cleared the plates. He then looked at me for instructions.
"All right, naked boy. Now for some fun. First, get us all something to drink". Dan went inside and picked up three soda cans for us.
"Good boy! Now, I am going to flamingo you."
Dan stared at me. He did not know what it meant but from the scared look on his eyes, I could tell he knew that it was not gonna be good for him.
"You will raise your right leg backwards and get into a hopping position. I will cuff your right hand will to the right leg and you will spend the rest of the evening that way."
"Oooooooh" Both moms went in unison
"Ma'am please. Please don't do that to me." He turned to his mother. "Mom, pl-"
Aunt Ann spoke in a decisive tone. "I cannot fight your battles for you. Either fight her or obey!"
Dan turned around helplessly at me.
"Turn around" I replied royally. He realized what was going to happen.
"Ma'am, I am sorry"
"Turn around now!"
"Ma'" he started but he had learned his mistake. He turned around and I took three swings at his ass. "Ow!" "Ow!" "Oooow!" Then four, then five. I was not holding back. These were proper karate smacks that were delivered at a different area than usual.
"Don't you dare rub." I shouted. Dan quickly removed his hand. "Turn around."
Dan turned and, even before I could say it, he was on all fours at my feet. "I am sorry, ma'am. I am so sorry."
"Say that again, properly" I commanded. He knew what I meant.
"I " - kissed left foot - "am" - kissed right foot - "sorry" - kissed left foot - "ma'am" kissed right foot - "I" - kissed left foot - "am" -kissed right foot - "so" - kissed left foot - "sorry".
"Good, I will not be so forgiving in the future. Now, get up and turn around," I once again said while picking up the cuffs. However, the cuffs, to my dismay did not work the way I wanted it to. The cuff hole was small and the length too was not enough to cuff his hand and leg. After struggling with it for some time, I gave up and used ropes instead. Raising his right leg, I made one knot on the leg. I then tied the other end to his hand. And, I gave one last smack to his left cheek for good measure. I turned him around and he was as hard as he could get. Just as I had hoped.
"Now, you will complete three circles around the room. However, regardless of where you are you will turn around so that you will be facing us when you take the next hop."
Both moms suddenly realized why I was doing this. Their faces lit up and they were giggling already with excitement. They were not disappointed. Dan too realized what I had told him to do and, a look of shame came into his eyes. He once again looked at me pleadingly. I too stared at him daring him to disobey again. 3 rounds would increase to 5. But, to my disappointment, he started moving backwards.
He took his first hop to the right. Just as I expected, his hard cock started bobbing up and down when he stopped. He looked down at it and at us and once again his eyes showed his shame. Inertia was such a bitch! After every hop, his cock would bob up and down and it was hilarious to watch.
Hop. Boing! Boing!. Hop. Boing! Boing!
All three of us were now laughing openly. Dan was trying his best not to cry but he could not deny the tears. His eyes were welling up. But, it did not even occur to any of us to let him off the hook.
Hop. Boing! Boing! Boing! Hop. Boing! Boing!
The sight of the dick jumping up and down like that was a treat to watch. Dan stopped after three rounds but I signaled he had to continue. At the end of the fourth, I stopped him. It was enough! The first day of his slavery was something memorable for all of us and definitely unforgettable for him. I signaled him to come with me. I walked backwards because the sight of his thing bobbing up and down was insatiable for me. However, once we reached the stairs, I knew it was not safe. So, I walked by his side and had an arm around him. At that point, he could hold back no more and started crying. I knew that a part of it was tears of gratitude for helping him up the stairs. Well, I deserved more than thanks, and, as a reward I cupped his ass hard the whole way up.
Before going to sleep, I removed his ropes. And, then I raised my eyebrows at him. He knew what he had to do.
"Thanks " - kissed left foot - "ma'am" - kissed right foot - "for" - kissed left foot - "releasing" kissed right foot - "me." - kissed left foot - "I" -kissed right foot - "am" - kissed left foot - "your" -kissed right foot - "slave".