Lloyd's Angel: Doing Susan
January 1962
Dinner broke up with a round of "good-nights" and soon Susan and I were walking back across the campus. The two of us strolled quietly for a block, watching our breath steam in the chill night air, while a new round of snowflakes fluttered down past the streetlights.
"Whose idea was the ketchup?" Susan asked after we turned onto a less populated street. Her tone had hints of both resignation and humor, but apparently no anger.
"Alexandra's. She thought something you weren't expecting would be more useful." I was honest enough to assign credit for a clever idea, and not chivalrous enough to take the fall for it if she was really upset. "Tell me about it while it's fresh in your mind," I suggested, genuinely curious.
"She's going to come to a bad end," Susan muttered, then shook her head. "I knew something was up as soon as I'd put it on my burger. I looked at the fries with that bottle in my hand, and I could feel my mouth water. But I knew I hated ketchup on fries!"
We passed another house before she resumed talking, giving me a chance to reflect on what she'd said. It seemed we had another piece of hard evidence that my ability was real, and that it was trickier to use than I'd thought.
"Finally, I just had to try one," Susan admitted. "It was really weird."
"Yeah, I saw your face. You didn't like it after all?"
"Honestly, it's confusing. It tasted exactly like I expected, but..." Susan shrugged. "It was like half my brain was saying, 'you hate this,' and the other half was saying, 'this tastes great!' I'm not sure what to think."
"Wow," I said, and blew out a large cloud of steam. "Would you eat them again?"
She thought on it awhile. "I think so," Susan finally replied. "I think maybe I'd just need to get out of the habit of not liking it, if that makes any sense."
"About as much as any of the rest of it," I mused, pondering the ramifications. "Alexandra will be fascinated, I'm sure."
I sensed more than saw Susan roll her eyes. "She has a low sense of humor, even if food was one of the things we agreed to test. Would you like to come up?"
Startled, I realized we'd reached the student apartment where she lived. "Won't that be a problem? I thought you had a roommate."
Susan laughed. "Yelena? Not on a Friday evening -- I should introduce her to Danny, but I'm not ready to completely ruin her reputation! We're not supposed to have boys in after hours, but the other girls sneak them in all the time."
"Okay, if we won't get in trouble."
"No more trouble than you deserve! Just wait over there by the side door and I'll be back in a minute." She surprised me with a quick kiss and hurried in the front. I meandered over to the side of the building, following the path worn in the snow; I barely had time to look around before Susan had opened the door and dragged me inside. She led me up the back stairs to the second floor and down the hall, passing another girl who only smiled.
Susan let us into her room and I looked around for a moment while she rummaged in a dresser before producing a bobby sock. "Do not disturb," she explained, pulling it over the doorknob before closing and locking the door. Some of the thoughts that had been running idly though my head over the past few minutes came into sharper focus.
We took off our coats, but instead of hanging them in the closet, Susan dropped hers on the floor and started unfastening her sweater. I presumed my coat ended up on the floor too, but I wasn't paying attention to it. It turned out my earlier guess had been correct; there was nothing under the sweater except nubile female flesh.
"I do have nice boobs, don't I?" Susan asked, presenting herself confidently for inspection.
"Oh yeah," I agreed, urgently hard. Thoughts of Alexandra didn't so much disappear as move aside as I admired the attractive and half-naked young woman before me. I needed physical relief, and I wanted to fuck her in the worst way.
"They're bigger than Yelena's," Susan boasted, but I cut her off with an aggressive kiss. She opened her mouth almost immediately and our tongues probed against each other. I'm sure she felt my cock as clearly as I did her tits. We broke apart and almost in unison began shedding our clothes. Susan had a head start, but I didn't have hose to deal with, so we finished in a dead heat.
I thought I read lust in her expression, but Susan turned away from me and started rummaging in one of the dressers, mumbling something under her breath. A little disappointed, I followed her delectable ass and wrapped my arms around her from behind, grinding my rigid tool against the small of her back. "Lloyd!" she squeaked, squirming in my embrace; she had a condom package in one hand.
I felt like a heel for not thinking of the risks, but my remorse quickly was buried beneath my rising anticipation and physical desire. My grip tightened and I lofted Susan onto the nearby bed, smiling at her surprised shriek. "Sssh!" I told her, and knelt on the bed to straddle her as she lay on her back.
Susan looked at my cock, jutting towards her face, and I wondered if she might squeeze it between her tits or even take it in her mouth. Instead, she tore open the packet and started rolling the condom down my penis; apparently she was as eager to reach home base as I was. I trailed my fingers up her flanks to her nipples, watching them stiffen beneath my touch.
As soon as the condom was in place, I crab walked backwards until I was between her legs. I wasn't the world's most experienced lover, but even I realized we hadn't done much in the way of foreplay. I probed her bush gently with a finger, thinking I shouldn't be too selfish, but Susan was already wet and pulling at my arms.
"Oh, just get inside me, hurry!" she moaned.
No man alive, and certainly not me, was going to pass up a request like that from a beautiful girl. I lined up and started easing myself into her molten pussy; about half-way in, Susan got her legs around mine and pulled me the rest of the way into her in a rush. At that point, my remaining self-control vanished and I started rutting into her like a jackhammer. It had been awhile since I'd been with a girl and Susan felt way better than my hand, even with the condom in the way.
She made the most erotic little moans and gasps, as if she were trying to remain quiet but just couldn't hold them in. Her eyes were open, but must have been focused about 100 feet above the roof of the building.
I came embarrassingly quickly, like I was still eighteen or something, and collapsed momentarily atop Susan. Regretfully, I wriggled free before I deflated and lost the bulging condom inside her. My libido was still stuck in overdrive, even if my penis needed a break, and I didn't think Susan had orgasmed yet. Settling myself beside her, I started fingering her dripping crevice. At the same time I was physically stimulating her, I tried to will her to orgasm.
It took a few minutes, but I could see something was working because her nipples were hard like rocks and her knuckles were white where they gripped the bedspread. Suddenly Susan gasped and arched her body completely off the bed while a scream tore itself from her throat. I'd never seen a girl so abandoned, and I didn't think it was an act. My cock was hardening again at the sight of her.
Susan's eyes focused on my face and she brushed a sweaty lock of hair off her forehead. "My gosh, Lloyd, I've never felt so wanton," she whispered hoarsely. A slow smile spread across her face when a questing hand found my firm tool. "Come here, you."
I thought she might want to fuck again, but she pulled on me, leading me by my cock until I was straddling her once more. Susan stripped off the condom and cast it aside, then pressed her breasts together around my now-rigid organ. "Do they feel as good as they look?" she asked me.
"Better," I assured her. My slick flesh easily slid back and forth against hers. It wasn't the same as fucking her, but without the condom in the way, the sensation was intense, and the view was even better. I'd heard about tit-fucking, but never done it before now. It was exciting to be doing it, and even more exciting to think I might have influenced Susan to do it.
It was ungracious, but I had a sudden flash of Alexandra squeezing her tits around my cock. The thought was enough to make me shudder and jet warm spunk onto Susan's neck and chin. She jerked but couldn't avoid either the initial blast or the follow-on emissions that dripped stickily onto her chest.
"Eeww, Lloyd," she complained, evidently as unpracticed in these matters as I. "Come on, get off me!"
I backed off, but slowly, letting a few last drops spatter her belly. I felt like a dog marking his territory, and thought hard about Susan massaging my cum into her flushed skin.
Susan appeared to be oblivious to my thoughts. "Can you get me something?" she asked, sitting up. Some of my spend had already dripped onto the pillow, and now the rest was trailing slowly down her body -- a truly erotic sight.
I looked about for a moment before catching sight of her panties lying on the floor with the rest of our clothing. "Here," I said, stooping to retrieve them, "I think it's your turn to ruin a pair."
She gave me a dirty look before laughing and accepting them. "We don't seem to do a very good job of planning, do we?" she asked, mopping up the worst of the mess. Susan looked doubtfully at the spots on the pillow.
"Lick it up!" I thought while managing to get out a simple verbal, "no." My hopes rose as Susan used a finger to remove most of the excess, but she merely cleaned it on the panties and flipped the pillow so the spots were on the bottom.
She shrugged. "Oh, well. I'm pretty sure Yelena's done worse to me."
"What?" I asked, not getting it.
"This is Yelena's bed," Susan explained. "You don't think I'm the kind of girl who keeps condoms in her dresser, do you?"
I took in her naked body, topped with tousled hair and gleaming here and there with the residue of my orgasm, and thought she looked exactly like that kind of girl. I felt an urge to do her again, but my penis didn't look like it was up to the challenge. Yet.
Susan read the answer in my expression and flushed slightly before giggling. "Well, okay, but I'mnot!" We both laughed, and started picking up our abandoned clothing.
It seemed a bit gauche to just leave, but we'd already had dinner. "Do you want to see a movie, or maybe get a cup of coffee?" I asked.
She cocked an eyebrow. "Isn't that the wrong order? Besides, I think I need a little more cleaning up than you do." Her skirt went into the closet in exchange for a robe, which Susan pulled on and belted. "Not that I don't appreciate the offer, mind you."
I finished tucking in my shirt and stuffed the tie in my pocket. "Well, another night, then." I hesitated, and then walked over and kissed her again. It was pretty steamy, but without the raw edge of our earlier lust, and Susan pressed her hand over mine when I slid it inside her robe to cup a breast.
"I'd better fix that," Susan told me when we parted, and ran a finger across my mouth; it came away lipstick red. "Better," she pronounced, and walked me to the door.
Susan cracked the door and I slid out, trying for a little discretion, to find myself facing another girl. She was thin, although still feminine, and gave me a piercing look as I emerged from the room.
"So, Susan is not so aloof as she appears," the girl drawled after finishing her examination. "I am pleased to meet you, I think." Her amused smirk was hard to resist.
"I'm Lloyd," I introduced myself, offering my hand.
"Yelena," she responded, placing her hand lightly in mine instead of shaking it as I'd expected.
I yielded to impulse and raised her hand to my lips; it just seemed like a natural thing to do. "Charmed."
"I can see," she commented archly, looking at the red smudge I'd left by her knuckles. "I would wish you a good evening, but I see you've already had one." Yelena stripped the sock from the doorknob and wiped away the lipstick. "Please feel free to visit again."
"Yelena!" Susan moaned from behind me.
"I want to hear all about it," Susan's roommate said as she entered the room. I waved a silent, and unheeded, goodbye and retreated the way I'd entered without encountering anybody else.
The snow was falling again Saturday, and I wasn't exactly a winter person. One of the benefits of boarding instead of living in a dorm or apartment was that I could get away with holing up on these kinds of days; Mrs. Wagner would even bring me coffee without prompting. I claimed my usual chair by the fireplace in the family room and worked through a stack of grading while Mr. Wagner studied the minutia of the sports section and Mrs. Wagner knitted -- very homey.
After I'd finished grading, I turned to the more interesting question of assessing what I'd learned the previous day and what I might try next. There was a delicate balance to maintain between what I wanted and what would be safe, and what I could tell Alexandra and what I shouldn't; I ended up just closing my eyes and waiting to see where my mind would drift.
I hadn't quite fallen asleep, or so I thought, when I woke suddenly and found Mrs. Wagner standing beside my chair with a throw in her hands.
"Oh, I'm sorry, Lloyd! I didn't mean to startle you; I just thought you looked a little cold." She proceeded to settle the throw over my lap and legs.
"Don't worry, Mrs. Wagner, I wasn't really sleeping. Thanks!"
The whole interaction was almost routine, because Mrs. Wagner was eerily silent in her slippers and really had surprised me any number of times in the past. I'd grown accustomed to it, but it was disconcerting. Somehow it hadn't worked that way today.
I lay back and closed my eyes again, but this time my mind was working much more quickly. What had alerted me this time? I worked on the problem fruitlessly for some time before calming again in the warmth of the fire and the crackle of the burning wood. I'd started watching the transient flashes of imagined stars inside my eyelids when I gradually became aware of a faint lightness somewhere ahead of me. It reminded me somewhat of coals buried beneath ashes after a fire had almost burned out, but without any sense of color.
Opening my eyes momentarily revealed the glow, if it really existed, seemed to coincide with Mr. Wagner. I closed my eyes again and cast about for Mrs. Wagner; I convinced myself that I found a matching glow where she was sitting, but it was too faint to discern with my eyes open. A little experimentation suggested the glows tracked with them, but I couldn't make out anything more. The chief result of sitting there with my eyes closed was that I fell asleep again.
The ringing phone awakened me. For whatever reason, Mr. Wagner was in charge of answering it, and he was most of the way to the kitchen before I was aware enough to close my eyes and try to follow him. I didn't have any luck, either due to the extra distance or my unsettled mental state.
"Lloyd, it's for you," he said after a minute.
I sat up in surprise. Sure, I was listed in the campus directory, but I couldn't remember anybody calling me before this, and it wasn't the right time for my parents to be calling.
"A Susan," he added with a wink. It was ridiculous how excited both of them looked; Mrs. Wagner had let it be known that she thought I didn't socialize enough, and now I'd never hear the end of it.
I got to the phone and tried to ignore my hosts, who were hovering far enough away to give me some space but doubtless close enough to hear every word I said. "Hi, Susan."
"Oh, Lloyd, I hope you don't mind me calling," she apologized. "Did I interrupt anything?"
"Only a thought experiment," I quipped. "I'm happy you called."
"I was just wondering if we could get together and plan some more research." She lowered her voice and continued, "I just couldn't stop thinking about yesterday. You don't think I'm being too forward, do you?"
"I'd like that," I smiled. Out of the corner of my eye I could see Mrs. Wagner practically jumping up and down and whispering, "Ask her out!"
"This is research!" I hissed, holding a hand over the phone, before putting it back to my ear. "Would you mind coming over here? I board but I don't think the owners will mind. The university doesn't leave the thermostats turned up over the weekend, and it would be more comfortable than your place or the library." It was unlikely to be a problem with the Wagners, and sure enough a quick glance showed Mr. Wagner giving me a thumbs-up.
"That would be fine; can you give me directions?"
"What if I pick you up, instead? It's still miserable outside, and I'd be happy to take you home again afterwards."
"Would you? That'd be swell!"
"About 6:30, then?"
"I'll be waiting in the lobby."
"I'm looking forward to it," I assured her, and hung up.
Mr. Wagner chuckled. "She must be some girl to get you out in the snow."
"Oh, shush," said Mrs. Wagner, elbowing him. "Weren't you telling me you wanted to see 'Lawrence of Arabia'?"
They traded knowing looks. "Well, Lloyd, it looks like some girl is going to drag me out in the snow, too." Mr. Wagner didn't look too upset about it.
"I promise not to throw any wild parties," I grinned, starting to think about what else I might do instead.
We ate lunch, and I called Susan back, just to let her know she didn't have to worry about impressing the Wagners. I then proceeded to do un-Saturday-like activities such as making my bed, showering, and shaving. I also checked to be sure I had a few condoms discreetly tucked where I could reach them at need.
After picking at a dinner that could have been sawdust for all I remembered of it, all of us bundled up, brushed off the cars, and departed in different directions. The movie was long, and the Wagners told me they didn't expect to be home until late. The roads weren't as bad as I'd feared and I made it to Susan's apartment early, but she emerged from the front door as soon as I got out of the car.
I handed her into the passenger's seat, slammed the balky door hard to make sure it latched on the first try, and scampered around to climb back inside myself.
"Thanks for picking me up," Susan told me, huddling in her heavy coat. "I wasn't really looking forward to going anywhere in this."
"Neither was I," I laughed, "but this seemed like a good cause." I concentrated on keeping the Ford in the middle of the street and we made only inconsequential conversation on the thankfully short drive back home. After pulling back into my space in the empty driveway, we dashed up to the house and inside to the warmth of the mud room, where we stamped the snow off our boots.
I offered to hang up her coat, and got the surprise of my life -- beneath it, Susan was naked save for a scarf and her boots. "Jesus, Susan!" I blurted, fumbling with the garment.
She giggled, evidently pleased by the pole-axed expression that must have been visible on my face. "I have a present from Yelena, too," she announced, and withdrew a handful of condoms from one of the pockets. "We only have to promise not to use them on her bed!"
"It's a deal!" I got our coats mostly onto hangers and then, hands free, pulled her tight for a passionate kiss. "This way," I urged her a minute later, tugging in the direction of my room. I had my shirt unbuttoned by the time we got there; I started on my trousers, but Susan pushed me onto my bed and finished the job herself.
"I want you," she growled huskily, shredding one of the condom wrappers. "Do I make you hot?"
"Unbelievably," I gasped, as if my rigid erection wasn't answer enough. There were things I wanted to try, but I suspected I was too worked up at the moment, and the sight of Susan wearing only a scarf was a real turn-on. I made myself lie still while she rolled on the condom, then pulled her onto the bed beside me and we were in each other's arms.
"I'm looking forward to this," I admitted, but she just moaned as I pushed myself into her wet pussy. There was no resistance and in no time at all we were fucking like minks.
"Oh, fuck! Fuck me, Lloyd!" was about the most coherent thing Susan said, but she was vocal enough to make me glad we had the house to ourselves.
I forced myself to slow down so I wouldn't pop right away. "Get on top, baby -- I want to hold your tits," I gasped.
Susan gave me a sly look, and we rolled so she was straddling me. She wriggled a bit and began bouncing up and down on my organ while I cupped her breasts in my hands. The bad news, if you could call it that, was that she was working herself more energetically than I had been. The good news was that I could lie passively and enjoy the ride.
With my eyes closed, I tried to ignore the extremely pleasurable sensations emanating from my groin and focused on the space above me. Almost immediately I found a glow, either brighter or closer, about where Susan's head was; it bobbed slightly in rhythm with her body. I fixated on that spot and concentrated on my arousal, and how good my cock felt inside her, and the orgasm that wasn't too far away.
Everything happened at once, so I never was sure what might be cause or just reaction. The glow rippled slightly, Susan's pussy squeezed me like a vise, and both of us climaxed almost simultaneously. I gasped, releasing a breath I hadn't realized I'd been holding, and Susan wailed as if she were dying. A moment later she collapsed atop me and we held each other, breathing heavily.
"God, you are hot," I complimented Susan, meaning every word, and kissed her. I wasn't sure if she'd orgasmed because of what I'd tried or not, but the effect was equally delightful either way.
"Flatterer," she replied. "I've never felt the way you make me feel, Lloyd." A subtle movement of her body reminded us both I was still inside her.
It wasn't every day a guy had a beautiful girl tell him he was the best lay she'd ever had. I was still pretty hard, and motivated to go again, so I pulled Susan close and rolled us back until I was on top of her again. Both of us were smiling in anticipation as I pulled back a bit and thrust into her.
Susan screamed and we both jumped.
"Are you okay?" I asked, concerned.
She chewed daintily on a lip and considered. "Oh, yes. I just -- wasn't expecting that." She spread her legs a little wider. "Please don't stop!"
I started pumping again. This time, I didn't stop when Susan started wriggling and panting beneath me; as if we'd played the previous few minutes over again at high speed, she climaxed after only a minute, but continued begging me to fuck her harder. With that stimulus, I rapidly approached my own orgasm. Judging by the jerking and incoherent cries she made, Susan got off one or two more times before I emptied my load into the abused condom.
"Oh, Jesus Christ," she sighed weakly when I pulled out before the condom could leak any of my semen into her.
Feeling a bit drained myself, I skimmed off the condom and discarded it before collapsing back on the bed beside her. "You are a firecracker."
"I know. I mean, my gosh, I've never cum like that before."
I'd been wondering that too, and she'd saved me the awkward question. "I'd like to cum like that again, but I'll need a little rest, first," I chuckled. There was a decent chance my meddling might have had something to do with it, but I couldn't be sure and I didn't have infinite stamina. I had a slight headache, but it was already fading.
Susan giggled. "I guess it's a good thing I have extra condoms!" One hand possessively cradled my shriveled penis.
"I have to admit I have a few laid in, too," I grinned in return. "Do you want to see how many of them we can go through?"
"Yes," Susan answered, with a matching grin. "But maybe we can talk while you recover." Her expression turned more serious.
I braced myself for the sort of touchy-feely dialog many girls seemed to feel went hand-in-hand with sex. "Sure. What did you have in mind? Something about the research project?" It was sort of a joke.
"In a way," was the unexpected answer. Susan rolled on her side so she could look at me. "Help me, Lloyd. Help me be better."
The strange request triggered so many random thoughts that they jumbled together and all that came out of my mouth was, "huh?" It wasn't my finest moment. "What do you mean?" I clarified. "You seem plenty good to me!"
Susan brushed the side of my face with a hand. "Thanks, Lloyd. But I do have a problem, a big one, that I think you could help with -- and not many people could." She took a deep breath and released it, then added, "I'm too shy."
It was a struggle not to laugh in her face, but Susan clearly was serious about it, and it would be rather ungentlemanly of me. "I hadn't noticed," I finally responded, making a point of running my gaze down her nude body.
"I'm serious!" she protested, punching me lightly. "It's different with you -- I'm uninhibited, more confident, more open. I don't know why," Susan reflected. "I just trust you, I guess." I started to reply, but she shushed me and continued. "I'm not this way with anybody else. It took me months to open up with Alexandra, and we share the same office! Remember how long it took me to say anything to you besides 'hello' and 'good-night'? Do you know Dr. Reynolds still calls me 'Susie' and I haven't worked up the courage to tell him Ihatethat name?"
Susan rolled back to stare at the ceiling. "I shouldn't even be in the graduate program. My parents were so proud I got my bachelor's degree that I couldn't tell them 'no' when they started talking about graduate school. I passed on a grant application for this year because I was embarrassed to ask for help on it, and then I was afraid to admit I missed the filing deadline. I can't go on like this."
"Lots of people have problems, Susan. I'm not exactly a ladies' man myself, in spite of what you might think. I'm not sure I could help, even if there was something to do."
"Don't sell yourself short." She pinned me with a direct look. "I don't want to feel like I'm asphyxiating every time I'm in a room with strangers; I want to be my own woman. Whether it's because we just happen to click, or because you've been meddling with me, I don't care -- just help me learn to do it with other people!"
"Don't you think that's a bit rash? I have no idea what -- if anything -- I'm doing, and I could make things worse without even realizing it." I wondered if that wasn't already the case. "Maybe we should wait until Alexandra's experiments have gotten a little further along."
Susan blew a tendril of hair away from her face. "That could take forever; I don't want to wait." She stroked a finger gently down my chest to my groin. "Please?"
It would have taken a more principled man than I to resist her plea; I sighed. "I'll try. Just lie here quietly, okay?"
She wriggled a bit. "Can we get under the covers first? I'm getting a little chilly."
"I have a better idea," I said, standing up and offering her a hand. "C'mon." I grabbed the throw that had gotten kicked off the foot of the bed at some point and started for the hall.
Susan hung back. "Lloyd! Where are you going?"
"The family room; we can sit in front of the fire. The Wagners won't be home for hours."
Thus reassured, she joined me and we ghosted naked through the house. The fire had died down, but it only took a minute to poke up the coals and add a few more logs. I'd thought we'd use the couch, but Susan had opted to steal a pillow and camp on the rug closer to the fireplace. Soon we were lying spooned together with the throw around us, watching new flames dart up from the seasoned wood.
"Better?" I inquired.
"Much," she answered, arching slightly so her butt was planted even more firmly against me.
"Okay, just relax. I'm not going to do anything right away." Susan nodded, and I closed my eyes. At this range, with her hair tickling my nose, what I thought of as the glow of her mind bloomed in my vision as soon as I started looking for it. I continued concentrating and subtle hints of details began to appear; it was reminiscent of sunspot pictures I'd seen. I had no idea how to manipulate it, but ample reason to believe it was possible. "Hmmm... How to start?"
Self-confidence was a slippery concept, especially since most of my presumed successes seemed to be associated with simpler emotional cues. Reducing Susan's fear of conflict and failure seemed to be what was needed, but I'd never tried to remove rather than impose a feeling, either. The most workable approach seemed to be establishing a positive feedback cycle, but based on what?
"Tell me if you feel anything happening." I tried to form an amalgamation of my impressions of Susan, the notion of strong, independent women, attraction, and desire, and then somehow attempt to project that in front of me. Nothing happened for a long time, but then Susan's glow rippled gently. There was an itch inside my head, and then somethingtwistedin a way I couldn't describe; the penumbra of the mind in my vision flared, and I lost sight of it as I was seized by a splitting headache.
"Damn," I cursed softly, seeing stars.
"What happened?" Susan asked, twisting to try and look at me.
"I'm honestly not sure, but I gave myself a heck of a headache." I tried rubbing my forehead, to no discernable effect. "I think I need some aspirin." I disentangled myself from Susan and the throw, and then stumped off to the bathroom. On the way back, I made a detour to the liquor cabinet and took a quick shot of Mr. Wagner's brandy before carrying a pair of snifters back to the family room.
Susan had thrown off the covering and in the glow of the fire looked like every man's wet dream -- at least, every man who didn't have Alexandra on the brain. I felt a stirring in my groin as I sat down beside her.
"Nightcap?" I asked, handing her one of the glasses.
She sipped it appreciatively; Mr. Wagner had far more experience and financial resources supporting his liquor supply than mere graduate students. Giving me a sly Mona Lisa smile, Susan tilted the glass and spilled some of the alcohol on herself, where it trickled between her breasts and down to her navel. "Ooops!"
I obligingly tossed back the remainder of my drink and leaned over to lick her smooth skin. I sucked the fragrant liquor from her belly and slowly worked my way upwards, kissing and teasing as I went. By the time I was done, her breathing was coming more quickly than when I started, and I was at half-mast. I transferred my attentions to her delectable tits, straining to see how much I could fit in my mouth. I teased first one and then the other nipple until both had hardened between my lips and teeth, and Susan was moaning softly.
"My turn," she husked as she pushed me away. Susan poured out a little more of her brandy, this time directly on my erect penis, and then drained her glass. She tossed her hair back and it was my turn to moan as she bent and took the tip of my organ in her mouth.
My hips rotated of their own accord, trying to drive my cock deeper into Susan's mouth. I'd gone perhaps an inch more when she shrieked -- muffled by my flesh -- and sat up to look at me. I was concerned I'd offended her or gone further than she'd intended, but that didn't seem to be the problem.
"What did you do to me?" she asked, looking me in the face with wild eyes before dropping her gaze to my crotch. I had no answer, but apparently it wasn't needed; she hunched over and engulfed me again, this time sucking me in so deep I heard her start to gag. Susan backed off, but only so she could go down on my full length again.
The feeling was incredible. I'd had a girl take me in her mouth before, but it had been nothing like this, and with nowhere near the same enthusiasm. I started bucking back, and we settled into a fast rhythm. I could barely believe this gorgeous girl was servicing me this way; I tangled my fingers in her hair, but I could hardly drive her faster or harder than she was going on her own.
When her rhythm broke down and I realized Susan was climaxing, I couldn't help blowing my load down her throat. She sat up, coughing, and we both tried to catch our breath.
"Oh, my," Susan choked. She coughed once more, and then fastidiously wiped an errant drop of semen from her lip and examined me. "I never knew -- is it like that for everybody?"
"I don't think so," I admitted sheepishly. "You seemed to enjoy it a lot."
"It was almost as good as getting fucked," she told me with a gleam in her eye. "The feel of you going into me, it was -- well, orgasmic. I want more."
We both looked down at my deflating penis. I'd already cum three times that evening, which was normally about my limit.
"Please fuck me again, Lloyd."
I proceeded to make perhaps the stupidest decision of my life, before or after. Whether it was the lure of a beautiful vixen, hormones, the liquor, my own hubris, or more likely a combination of all of them, I closed my eyes and focused inward.
Forgetting that I'd admitted to myself that I had nearly no control or understanding of my ability, and glossing over any distinction between mental desire and physical aptitude, I sank into the glow of my own mind. I thought about my hard organ, the way it felt sinking into Susan, desire for her and Alexandra, and every girl that had ever prompted an erection, and tried to find that peculiar twist that could propel those thoughts.
The next thing I remember was lying flat on the floor with Susan leaning over me asking, "Lloyd! Are you all right?"
I looked down the length of her fire-lit body from her hanging jugs to the hidden juncture of her thighs, above my jutting tool. "Oh yeah," I said, ignoring the return of my headache, and grabbed for her.
"Oh no you don't!" she giggled, eluding me. "I left my condoms upstairs!"
We raced back to my room, laughing, and if Susan let herself be caught just short of the bed, I recovered enough to wait for her to cover my throbbing meat with a condom before throwing her backwards onto the bed and covering her. There was no finesse, but she was so wet that none was needed; I sank into her like a hot knife in butter.
We rutted like animals. Susan moaned and shrieked her way through another wracking orgasm, but like a machine my cock remained stubbornly rigid; there just wasn't enough sensation through the condom. I wanted to be inside her, flesh to flesh. All the same, the point of the condoms hadn't completely escaped me.
Abruptly, I pulled out of Susan and stripped off the condom.
"What are you doing?" Susan panted.
"Something different," I told her. "I need more sensation." I grabbed the tube of Brylcreem from my nightstand and squeezed a generous amount into my hand, then began coating my cock with it.
"I don't want to get pregnant," Susan protested half-heartedly. I probably could have just fucked her and she would have let me, but my mind was on a different path by that point.
"You can't get knocked up this way," I assured her, kneeling on the bed. "Have you ever had anything up your ass before?" I rolled her. She started kicking and screaming, but I had the advantages of surprise, size, and position. My cock was harder than a tire iron as I pressed it between her cheeks and began forcing myself into her tight anus.
It was the sensation I was looking for. I pressed harder, burying myself deeper inside her. Susan was lying quietly now, crying, but I didn't need her active participation. I pulled nearly all the way free and then reversed my stroke.
"You bastard," she sobbed, but her butt rose to meet me as I skewered her again. I smiled and picked up the pace. A few minutes later I'd hauled her to her hands and knees, making it easier to fondle her tits, and we were both pounding away with abandon. I finally climaxed, but not before Susan had shuddered and nearly collapsed beneath me from the force of her own orgasm.
"Don't ever force me again," Susan told me flatly after I pulled out and she could roll onto her side to look at me.
I ducked my head guiltily. "I'm sorry, honestly. I think I screwed us both up a little bit." She was looking at my cock, which was still hard, and seemed to force herself to look up.
"I can't pretend I didn't like it, by the end. Just remember I'm not your toy." She took a deep breath and blew it out. "Can you fix things?"
"I'm not sure," I shrugged. "You want to get cleaned up first? This is sort of..." My voice trailed off.
Susan gave me a small smile. "I'd like that. I feel unclean."
I led her to the bathroom and dug an extra set of towels out of the linen cupboard. "Do you want to go first?"
She considered. "How's the hot water supply?"
"You won't have a problem," I answered. The least I could do was avoid mentioning that the second shower might be problematic if I wasn't quick. My self-induced lust, or whatever it was, was fading and I felt increasingly bad about raping Susan -- there really was no other way to describe what had happened.
"Come in with me," she decided, "you're already naked." I hesitated, and she reached out and hauled me to the tub. "Don't be an idiot. I forgive you."
What followed was a lot of soaping and fondling, followed by a stand-up ass-fuck when Susan lowered herself gingerly onto my revived tool. We both orgasmed again, Susan more colorfully than I, and we just had time to clean ourselves before the fading water temperature chased us back to my bed.
We snuggled together under the blankets and quilt, this time face-to-face. "I just wanted us to both enjoy sex," I explained to Susan. "I'm not sure if I can reverse it or not."
She gently kissed me. "I trust you, Lloyd. Still. Just do your best -- if nothing happens, well, I guess it wouldn't be the end of the world."
I closed my eyes and focused on the glow of her mind. I watched it swirl and pulse, resistant to my cautious attempts, but kept trying. At some point, I fell asleep.
Alexandra swayed before me, her hair swirling gracefully in a breeze I couldn't feel, her body barely concealed beneath a filmy negligee. I moved towards her, naked and rampantly erect, and her ruby red lips formed an "O" of awe as she admired my manhood.
Neither of us shifted position, but somehow she was lying on a bed or large couch and I hovered over her. I drifted closer, the tip of my organ pushing white fabric before it into her sex. She pulled at her nightgown, the sodden material forcing me out, but I pressed it back in again. We embraced, locking our bodies together, and she breathed, "Lloyd," in my ear as our hips thrust against each other.
I woke as my balls clenched and I jetted into Susan. She had her face buried in a pillow, which served to muffle her shrieks of ecstasy so only I could hear them.
"Good morning," she greeted me with a wide smile after dropping the pillow.
"Good morning," I replied, followed a moment later by, "oh, God," as my mind stumbled into action. I didn't know what to be panicked about first. It was light out, the Wagners surely must be awake, the bedsprings weren't muffled, I'd just cum inside Susan, and I hadn't succeeded in changing us back.
"No, just Susan," she quipped, disengaging herself from my cock. She relieved one of my anxieties by removing a condom from my erection and discarding it out the side of the bed.
"I wasn't able to do anything last night," I confessed.
Susan's hand tightened about me. "I gathered as much; we'll both live." She flashed a grin and disappeared beneath the covers; a moment later I felt her mouth sucking on my heated flesh.
The mental picture of her servicing me this way reignited my carnal desires. My dick felt a bit raw, but jabbing it into Susan until her nose nestled near my balls felt even better. I felt for her body and started fingering her sopping pussy, not that she really needed it, and suddenly it seemed we were in a quiet race to see who could make the other climax first.
I lost, exhaling explosively but silently as yet more sperm jetted into Susan. I didn't lose by much, though, as a fingernail against her clit set off Susan so explosively I thought she might bite through my cock. Luckily, I and the covers muffled her quite effectively.
Her head reappeared a moment later. "Good morning again," she whispered, and pushed her tousled hair out of her face.
"Yes it is," I grinned, and kissed her. She tasted of sperm, but I knew it was mine, and that she'd take me again if I wanted. My cock pulsed slightly, no longer eager to perform, but able to if called upon. Then reality set in again. "The Wagners! How are we going to get you out of here?"
"I'm sure you'll think of something," Susan giggled.
"Oh, thanks," I muttered, climbing out of the bed and realizing the floor around it was littered with torn-open wrappers and used condoms.
I pulled on some briefs to hide my distracting cock and started picking up the debris. The bedroom door opened and closed behind me, nearly giving me a heart attack, but I realized Susan had gone to the bathroom. That probably would be safe; usually Mr. Wagner would be reading the paper and Mrs. Wagner would be puttering in the kitchen. It was unsettling to realize I couldn't remember if we'd left the door open or closed the previous night, but I pushed the thought from my mind.
Susan was back a minute later, her hair brushed and still as naked as the day she was born. She was distracting as Hell, and the look on her face told me she knew it. My cock throbbed again but I resolutely ignored it and hurriedly pulled on some clothes.
"Okay," I said, as much praying for luck as thinking, "you remember where the coat closet is, right?" She nodded. "I'll go down first and distract them. When you hear me start talking about leaving, just get your coat as fast as you can and get into it like you're putting it on over your clothing."
"You're the boss," Susan told me, but it wasn't the confidence builder I might have hoped for.
I took a deep breath and started downstairs. Everybody was where I expected them, which was a comfort. I walked into the kitchen, where I could keep Mr. Wagner looking away from the hall and Mrs. Wagner completely out of the sightline. "Good morning!"
"Oh, Good morning, Lloyd," Mrs. Wagner greeted me. She really did treat me as if she were my own grandmother. "I wondered if you two were ever going to get up!"
"I just lost track of time. The snow seemed bad last night and we thought it was better not to try driving. I hope you don't mind Susan staying over; I was just going to drive her home now."
"Not at all, dear," she smiled. "I know you wouldn't do anything improper."
The comment was so off-base I had to pause and file it for later consideration. I didn't think sharing a bed for the night with an unattached woman would count as "proper," at least for the Wagners' generation.
"Except get into the liquor, perhaps," Mr. Wagner said.
I didn't take the comment too seriously, but I could hear him getting up, which would mean trouble if he turned around to go back to his chair. "I'm sorry about that," I said, moving to the kitchen doorway and engaging him. "We were a little chilled and sat in front of the fire. I realize we forgot to put the glasses away."
"Don't worry about it," he waved, "what's the point in having it if nobody ever drinks?" He winked at me. "I've been known to have a nightcap with a girl from time to time, too."
I saw Susan's head crossing behind Mr. Wagner, but nearly died when Mrs. Wagner spoke up from right behind me.
"Good morning, dear! Are you sure you won't stay for breakfast?"
"Good morning," Susan called back. She just made it out of sight before Mr. Wagner turned around to look for her. I waited for an explosion from Mrs. Wagner, but it didn't come; apparently I'd blocked her view sufficiently she hadn't seen anything.
Susan reappeared a moment later, with only a single button fastened on her coat. She worked on doing up the others, driving up my blood pressure but revealing nothing, as she walked over to join us. "It's a pleasure to meet both of you; Lloyd has said such nice things."
She exchanged handshakes with both of the Wagners, after which Mrs. Wagner asked again, "Would you like breakfast?"
Susan cocked her head, as if considering it. We both knew she couldn't keep the coat on if she stayed, and that she wore nothing beneath it. I didn't think the Wagners had noticed she was barefooted.
"We really can't," I apologized. "She already has an appointment for brunch, and we'll be pushing it if we leave any later."
"Maybe next time?" Susan suggested. I started nudging her in the direction of the door.
"You're always welcome," Mrs. Wagner assured her. Mr. Wagner chimed in with, "don't catch cold," which was a little out of character for him but I was happy to make any escape at this point.
We stomped into our boots and I hustled Susan out to the car. Somebody, probably Mr. Wagner, had already brushed all of the windows clear of snow. "You are an evil person," I told a laughing Susan as I opened the door for her. I had to chuckle, myself; it was a pretty funny story, even if there was nobody I'd dare tell it.
The car took most of the drive to warm up, and I could see Susan was a little cold by the time we got to the apartment. After letting her out of the car, I stopped her for a quick kiss. "I enjoyed the night; I'm looking forward to seeing you Monday."
"I'm looking forward to more than that," she giggled, and hurried up the steps and in the front door.
I spent the afternoon reflecting on what I'd learned from her visit, and the lengthening list of mistakes I needed to try not to repeat. "She's a nice girl, but would you take her home to your parents?" Mr. Wagner asked me out of the blue, mid-afternoon, and that was the last he said on the subject.
Alexandra was the girl I wanted to take home to my parents, and if Susan wasn't that kind of girl, I was pretty sure it was my fault -- but I wasn't going to tell him any of that.
That night I undressed for bed and looked down at my hardening cock. I fancied I could still smell Susan, and it hardened a bit more. Thinking about her prompted me to fist myself, but it didn't feel right. After the previous night, I wasn't in the mood for substitutes. I settled under the covers, still hard, and hoped for pleasant dreams.