Pulling into her driveway Josie McKellen could smell the steaks on the grill. She actually found herself making it home faster than she predicted. With her studhorse Roman Crandell coaching his boys on the football team after school today it gave her time to herself. On a regular routine she and Roman met after school three times a week down in his office. While yes, she missed that lovely cock Roman sported, her earlier text from her husband gave her hope for an eventful bedtime romp. She knew they had some more making up to do after fighting, then finally talking things out for a more open marriage. Not to mention she truly did love her husband. Of course, she loved cock in general. Maybe she picked Roman due to his name. He was romantic, she liked to roam men, he was a man. Yep! That was her reasoning.
Hurrying inside to take a fast shower she did as Henry had earlier, starting up the water to let it heat up before stripping nude. Taking a moment to go to her shared walk-in closet she found her leopard print bikini hanging out specifically for her to easily locate. Smiling she let out a purr that turned even her on. Placing the bikini on her bed, freshly made after Henry had phone sex on it with his co-artist Tessa Harper, she started for the bathroom then suddenly felt the urge to look out her balcony curtains for activity next door.
Spotting her eldest daughter Dakota alone over the grill shocked her. At least she thought it was Dakota, it was so hard to tell with a smile that showed braces to identify Sable. Where was everyone else? A further look found her neighbors Kelly Herbert and son on their balcony talking to someone below. Barely capturing the top of their heads beyond the obstructing pump house she concluded Henry, Piper, and obviously Sable was in the back forty talking. Shrugging it off she headed into her bathroom to refresh herself. Cleansing her body felt good, her new showerhead extension even better. She needed a good quick tease to get her body ready for Henry later. She actually felt inspired to be on her best behavior with her husband, it was time to show him she really did love him.
Finishing up, she dried her shoulder length brown hair and brushed it out to perfection. Spraying on Henry's favorite choice out of her wide variety of perfumes she quickly put on her bikini and explored how it looked on her in her bathroom mirror, steamed up or not she was a bombshell. "I hope he strokes this fur as much as I stroke his ego." Locating a sheer sundress from her closet she put on some sandals and headed downstairs for the door. She even voluntarily left her cell phone at home so Roman wouldn't bother her. She was just that sincere toward Henry, at least her marriage. Technically, she and Roman hadn't even discussed the fact that she told him she couldn't see him anymore. They both knew that was only words, with Henry giving her the okay it didn't even need to be brought up. Roman was just too good to let go completely. She had grown attached to the much older man even if there were days, he was too old-fashioned. Without doubt it would come up eventually.
The walk across her yard ended more quickly, unlike Henry she wasn't worried about trampling blades of grass. It needed watering anyway; it was less than lush. Nearing the front door, she hears a car pull up on the street in front of Piper's house and pauses to look and see who it might be. She knew Piper didn't have any other friends at this point, had she forgotten something from the store and called Door Dash, Grub Hub, or Quickie Dickie? She made up that last one.
Noting a young blond hop out from behind the wheel wearing threaded out blue jean shorts riding so high up, her ass cheeks were hanging out. Her shirt a pink T with the words, "Money Bunny" written on it. Maybe Piper had hired a stripper. The closer the girl got as she waved; Josie realized she couldn't be much older than her daughters.
"Looking for someone?" Josie found a friendly bone in her luscious body.
"A cute guy named Henry McKellen?"
"You know my husband?"
"You must be Josie. Hi, I'm Tessa, I was hired by Amanda Pruett to help Henry reorganize his game, Frisque. He invited me to a cookout; I think I got the address right." She looks up at the house number for confirmation.
"You did. This is our friend Piper's house."
"Awesome, can't wait to meet her, Henry brags about how sexy hot she is." Tessa smiled then realized she needed to cover her tracks, "Oh, I'm getting ahead of myself, Henry talks about you constantly too."
"He does, does he?" Josie winced suspiciously.
"Absolutely. He adores you and your daughters."
"He better. May I ask how old you are?"
"I'm 19."
"And you work in computer graphics?"
"Sure do. I took college courses in my early teens. Hot and smart, great with a joystick."
"So, a gamer girl."
"You know it. Do you play?"
"Different kind of joystick, does that count?"
"With a body like yours I totally get it. Trust me, I get online guys into a frenzy when I go multiplayer on cam. I play either in my undies or nothing at all."
"Sounds... fun. Funny how my husband didn't warn me you were coming."
"I haven't yet." She winks, "Sorry my mind is always in the gutter. I think that's why Amanda chose me to assist Henry in recycling his older episodes into something more upbeat to help the games lagging viewership."
"It's lagging?"
"From what Amanda's shown me the game has lost half of its online members with complaints that the sex is boring. She hired me for more than my RPG design skills I think."
"To inspire my husband with your youthful tips."
"They are perfect." Tessa fluffs her chest, "Oh, you said tips, not tits. My bad. Well, I guess they still have tips. Anyways!"
"Very bad. You do know our daughters are still impressionable even if they are turning 18 in two weeks? I'll ask you too not be too..."
"Sexy? Outspoken? Cutesy?" She tweaks her dimples with her index fingers.
"I was going to say Frisque. The girls don't know what type of game Henry is designing."
"Oh yeah! Henry did say he always had a Tank game set up should they walk in that he could switch over to. I'll try my best to not talk too much shop. We do need to get a jump on our storyboards though, maybe if you don't object, I can steal him away for an hour later?"
"We have plans later Henry and I." She made it known she intended to hold Henry to his word on making love tonight. She needed that huge cock badly.
"If I'm interfering, I can jet. Henry invited me so I took him up on it."
"You can stay, just don't hog my man." Josie chose to wink at her instead of becoming snide.
"I don't mind sharing." Tessa winked back.
"Of course, you don't. "Josie turned the knob with a sly grin, "Follow me gamer girl."
"Right behind... your cute behind Mrs. McKellen."
"Josie. I hear Mrs. McKellen all day long from my students."
"Lit Teacher, right? Romeo and Juliet, Macbeth..."
"My class is reading Romeo and Juliet this week."
"Awesome! I love the Renaissance period. I even wore a ball gown to prom last year."
"I thought you home schooled. College courses."
"I did. I went with a boy I knew growing up."
"Thankfully our Prom is over, my girls went together."
"Awww! No dates?"
"Too shy I'm afraid, well Sable at least. Dakota did go with a lad named Dirk, but he dumped my baby for another girl. They've grown up quite a lot since last school year. They still act and look fifteen but they're blossoming fast."
"Blowing up the ole' balloons?" She again shuffles her tits about.
"I meant in personality; their shyness is loosening up more. Please do not grab your tits around the girls."
"Right, grab bad."
Opening the front door Josie led Tessa inside and through Piper's home. Admiring Piper's furnishings she nodded, "Cool crib. Love the giant TV. Ooo! She even has a PS5. Gamer?"
"You will have to ask her. We haven't discussed her hobbies much outside of..." She began to say sex but stopped cold, "Sunbathing and swimming."
"She must like Football. I see all the Madden's."
"Maybe she just notes the words Man and Men in the games name."
"She a DD?" Tessa snorted, completing the use of MaDDen.
"Not quite, healthy none the less. Going outside now please try and contain your... sexuality."
"Yep!" She plants her hands in her back pockets and rolls her eyes once Josie turned away. Opening the French door and stepping out Dakota instantly shuffled over to give her mom a hug. Eying Tessa while her chin was on Josie's shoulder she smiled. Tessa winked then pointed at her mom with a wacko spin to her ear. Dakota wanted to laugh but held her breath.
"Henry?" Josie called out to her husband turning the last few steaks and checking on the baked potatoes in foil for tenderness. Turning only his head to look back he spotted Tessa. Seeing his wife and co-worker side by side he too held his breath. Removing his oven mitts, he stepped away from the grill and hugged his wife, planting a wet kiss on her lips and dipping her backwards to take her own breath away.
"There's my delicious girl."
"Hey Stud." Tessa winked making it seem as if he meant her. Dakota hearing Tessa call her dad Stud made her eyes flare, especially knowing this was the girl her father was having phone sex with. Not only that but a hint of jealousy was seeping through. Tessa enjoying Henry's playfulness with his wife was pretty obvious, he was showing off and doing a bit of damage control at the same time. Josie however used his Romeo actions to prove to Tessa this was her man. Piper just sat on her padded chaise shaking her head and sipped her wine. Sable sitting next to her from the side.
"Get a broom." Piper chuckled, "Sweep the patio while you're sweeping her off her feet."
Henry laughing swayed his wife from side to side in his arms. Josie was eating up his attention. Without even seeing him Henry mouthed the words, "Fuck me." toward Tessa. The girl replied with a sheepish grin, Dakota was connecting dots by their behavior. With Dakota staring at her, Tessa chose to introduce herself, "You must be Montana."
"It's Dakota."
"Ehhh! A few states over I was close." She teased her, "I know it's Dakota I was just trying to get you to laugh. You look tense. I'm Tessa."
"Daddy told me it was Teresa. I was close too."
"Funny. That makes her Sable." Tessa points at her sister waving. Sable blushed and waved back spontaneously, then looked behind her toward the Herbert home. Where was Travis? He should have been here by now.
"Emma, right?" Tessa moved over to greet Piper who winced.
"Who the heck is Emma?"
"The girl in... the name of Henry's tank. She's a girl riding a big... mortar shell." A wink for Sable's sake gave Piper a clue.
"Oh, yeah! Ammo Emma! She slipped my mind." Piper smirked. "Have a seat Game Tesser."
"Tester? That's a good one."
"I was thinking TEASEa." Dakota snuck in a jab.
"You have me pegged. I'm the master of... that sort of thing."
"Not even close Sugar." Piper winked, "You're wet behind the gears still."
"Gears of Whore?" She snorted.
"Pots and Panzer Kid."
"You're as witty as Henry said. Sexier in my mind. He wasn't even close to getting the description right."
"What's the fuss here?" Henry and Josie joined the conversation, until he realized the potatoes needed rolled over again.
"No fuss, just telling Piper I think I'm in love with her." Tessa chuckled.
Clearing her throat Josie smiled but her eyes told Tessa to tame it down. Point taken Tessa lowered her eyes and changed the subject, "Gamer?" Her emphasis on Piper again.
"I dabble. Nothing to brag about. Why do you ask?"
"Madden in your entertainment console."
"Ah! Those were my ex-husband's. I don't even know why I packed them up and brought them to Nashville."
"Where are you from?"
"Atlanta born and raised."
"i wondered because I'm picking up Southern Belle."
"Not even close. My drawl is tame. I let it slip in on occasion, but I tend to keep it in check."
"Why? A Southern accent is so sexy."
"Oh, trust me darlin', I can put cotton in my ears like the best of them."
"There it is." Tessa was joined in laughter by Dakota.
Sable uneasy about Travis taking so long shuffled to her father's side, "Daddy? I'm going to walk around the block and find Travis. He should be here by now. I don't want to keep climbing Piper's fence."
"Do you even know which direction he's walking from? You could go one way and he might come the other."
"True. I'll take my chances. If I don't see him, I'll run back."
"Alright! Hey! Tell him to keep his pants on. No more of that beside the house crap the other day."
"Daaaaddy! Stop! I set him straight, he won't do that again."
"Uh-huh! Hurry back, foods done." He uses tongs to place wrapped potatoes and ears of corn on a platter. Watching Sable wiggle away he nearly dropped an ear of corn. "Damn that's hot." He meant the aluminum foil.
********
Ten minutes earlier Travis Herbert stormed out of his front door pissed off at his mother. He hated her new boyfriend something fierce. The guy was just too controlling for his taste, seeing his mom cave to him every time he visited. As he headed out the door fuming, he ran head on into... the enemy.
"Watch where you're going Kid." A giant of a man wearing all black including a Stetson cowboy hat stopped Travis just before they collided. "Your momma send you away?"
"Don't touch me dude! I don't know what mom even sees in you. We're fine on our own."
"Your momma likes a real man. One that knows how to make her tremble all over."
"Whatever! You hurt her I'll kick your ass."
"Sure, you will. Go play Junior. I'm going to." He nudged Travis aside with a soft bump to the shoulder, his colossal build tossing Travis away like a leaf running from a leaf blower. Stunned Travis flipped him off and watched him walk right on in without knocking. Fists clenched until the man shut the door Travis gave up and headed South down the street, walking directly in front of Knox Hardecker's home. Reaching the corner to turn he heard a skateboard rolling up on him from the direction he needed to go. Two boards even, it was Knox and his friend Dip. Seeing Travis, they chuckled and jumped off their boards to give chase. Panic setting in Travis turned to run but found himself tackled to the ground.
"Hey Perbert!" Knox laughed, "We're still sore over you ruining our fun with Dakota and Sable. We almost had their virginities."
"Get off of me you assholes."
"Assholes?" Dip growled, "I wanted Sable's. Thanks to you I didn't get it." He wouldn't have anyway.
"Leave my girlfriend alone."
"She's not your girlfriend, dumbass."
"S-she will be."
"Whatever! Let's depants the little prick again Dip."
"Noooo! Stop!" Travis fought but found his trunks and t-shirt yanked from his body, including his tennis shoes. Laughing as a pickup truck was driving by Knox raced to his skateboard and caught up with the truck, tossing the boys clothes into the bed. He would never see those again. Dip sacking Travis in the balls left him wheezing in pain.
"Next time stay out of our business." Dip then collected his skateboard and joined Knox heading down the street laughing. Once he could stand Travis shivered at being nude in public. Hurrying home in hopes of getting a change of clothing he found the front door locked. Dancing about uncertain what to do he had a panic attack.
Peering through a window he found his mother on her knees with Dominic Black standing in front of her. She had her head hung low as he unzipped his pants. Defeated Travis cursed and decided to bolt to the back of his house. Looking up at his bedroom balcony he knew his French door was unlocked. All he had to do was climb up there to get inside. The problem was there was nothing to stand on to reach it. Pacing in a circle he heard the neighbors laughing over at Piper's. Maybe if he could get Sable's attention, she could bring him something to wear. Again, a weak in the knee young man such as Travis couldn't even climb Piper's fence as Sable and her father had. When he scaled it earlier, he had hauled their garbage can around the back to stand on, now it was locked inside their garage. Growling at his lack of strength he stewed a bit longer then decided to head around to the front to ring the doorbell. Surely his mother would let him in and understand his dilemma.
Scurrying back around he looks through the window again realizing Dominic had his mother by the throat and forcibly lifting her to her feet. Like a rag doll he tossed her over his shoulder and carried her toward the staircase going up to her bedroom. "Why me?" He shivered. Hearing a gasp behind him he froze and turned with his hands cupping his penis.
"Are you streaking?"
"Sable? YESSSSSSSSSS! Knox and Dip did this. I'm locked out and my mom is with an asshole inside."
"Wanna wear my t-shirt?"
"Hello Kitty? Really?"
"It's better than indecent exposure. We can go to my house, and I'll steal one of my dad's shirts for you, well maybe I'll go get one seeing as you're too worried about my Kitty."
"Good idea. You go get one and I'll hide out back. Sorry, not getting caught dead in a pink t-shirt with a cutesy cat on it."
"You're so stupid. I'll hurry back." She paused to look down at his cupped hands and shivered. Off she went. It would have been so easy just to walk through her own yard, their property line had no fences like Piper's did. But no, she found it hilarious to make him sweat.
Watching her taking off into a run down the street Travis scurried around to the backyard and hung out, literally. It was then even that dawned on him, "Why didn't she cut through our yards? Heck, I could just meet her at her back door." They did keep the back door locked, however. Hearing a shrill scream spooked him, looking up at his mom's bedroom window he expressed fear. "Fuck! This is so messed up. I hope Dom's not hurting mom." All he could do was wait it out.
Having gone the other way home Sable rounded the corner two houses down from the Herbert's. Screeching to a halt she spotted Knox and Dip coming right at her. Squealing she lost her nerve and began heading back toward Travis.
"What's your hurry Sable?" Dip rushed her and picked her up off the ground in a bearhug.
"Let me go! I swear I'll scream, and my dad will come running."
A batter's glove gets stuffed into her mouth by Knox laughing, "Go for it." Tickling her became a more aggressive game once she kicked Knox in the nuts. "Fucking bitch."
"Let's let her run back to her pussy boyfriend." Dip held her by her arms now as she tried to escape.
"Not yet, I have a better idea. Let's let the lovebirds coo together." Knox lifted her shirt up pulling it over her head. With her head covered by Hello Kitty, Dip let her arms go long enough for Knox to remove it. "Love the bikini. The other one was better."
"Leh me gah." She mumbled with her mouth full of glove. Laughing Knox untied her bikini top and took it from her, now topless Sable began to cry. "Bottoms up Beautiful." Knox then took her bikini bottoms from her, finally her sandals, followed by her t-shirt. Once she was nude Dip let her go and both boys ran off to their boards. Vanishing around another corner they tossed her things into the McKellen mailbox just for laughs. With her clothes long gone too Sable had her own panic attack, removing the glove from her mouth to spit. Squealing at the possibility of being seen naked she ran as fast as she could back to Travis. Rounding the side of his house they nearly collided.
"WHOA!" Travis saw her naked until she too tried concealing herself, "Three times in one day."
"SHUT UP TRAVIS!" She whimpered. "I can't even yell for my parents now, I'd be humiliated. I hope Knox and Dip get hit by a truck."
Suddenly, Travis just laughed, this was just too hilarious. Staring at him Sable realized it was pretty funny in a twisted kind of way. "Stop staring at me."
"Stop staring at me." He retaliated. "On three?"
"What?"
"1, 2,3!" He laughed and gave up covering his junk. She turned beet red but regardless looked at his dangling penis. He couldn't even get hard under the circumstances. Groaning she gave up and let him see her body too. It wasn't as if it was their first time seeing one another.
"So, what do we do now? If I had my cell, I could call Dakota to bring me some clothes."
"Our luck those asswipes would strip her too, and all three of us would be here shivering. Is your back door unlocked?"
"No! The front door is locked to with all of us next door. That never occurred to me when I was headed home. Heck, I couldn't get in without going to get a key from daddy."
"You think? So, what's the plan?"
"Right! Is your door open on the balcony?" She looked up as he looked... at her body. Oh, now he was getting hard.
"Yeah, I can't climb worth a shit though." They both fidgeted until they heard another round of screams coming from Kelly Herbert's bedroom.
"Was that your mom?"
"Yeah, her fucking boyfriend has rough sex with her. I think my mom's lost it. She gets bruises every time he comes over."
"That's terrible." She pouts and decides to hug Travis, it was her being close to him that activated his erection full tilt. Feeling it rise over her leg she jumps back, "TRAVISSSS!"
"I can't help it. I... really like you, Sable. Wanna go out for pizza sometime?"
"Are you stupid? Now's not the time to think of food. WAIT! You're... asking me on a date?"
"Yeah, I am."
Dropping her jaw Sable expressed amazement, "Yes." She leaped into another hug, this time however she found not just his hands on her ass, but his erection pressing right up along her bikini area. "HEY! Thirteenth date only." She pushes him aside and looks up at his balcony, "I think I can climb up there. I just hope my parents don't see me nakie going over the railing. I can throw some clothes down to you and borrow a shirt."
"Good idea." He shares her excitement until she looks at him, "I'll need a boost up. Can you lift me?" More screams out of Kelly haunt them.
"I despise that piece of shit." Travis hisses and crouches down in front of Sable to grab her upper legs to hoist her up. In doing so her pussy was almost right in his face. Wheezing at feeling his warm exhales cascade over her thighs she stretches for the balcony. Unable to reach it she looks down at him, his face was looking right at her bikini area. Nose touching it under stress.
"I need to go higher." She whimpered.
"Hold on." He took a deep breath and lifted her higher then released just long enough to grab her behind the knees. Face dead center in her snatch he choked, "Sorry, I can't help it."
"This is dumb." She teetered about trying to keep a balance. Losing his own he fell backwards taking her with him. She found herself sitting directly on his face. In shock of their loss of balance she felt his lips directly on her labia. " TRAVVVVVIIIIISSSS!" She squealed and rolled off of him then turned to slap his chest repeatedly, "Don't do that to me."
"Hey, it's not my fault you landed like that."
"No, I meant..." She shivered, "Nothing. Let's try that again, only I'm lifting you up."
"Really? You want this in your face now?" He points at his erection.
"Good point. What you said, not him." She points at his dick as well, "Make him go down."
"As if I can control him."
Another scream led to Dominic raising his voice, "BEG FOR IT SLUT!"
Travis couldn't keep his temper in check any longer, "LEAVE MY MOM ALONE!" They then ducked under the balcony out of cover. Hearing Travis, a very naked Dominic attempted to look out Kelly's window. Noticing the gathering at the pool Dominic rubbed his goatee with interest.
"Keep that pussy wet, I'll be right back." Dom snapped, as if Kelly had much choice, she was tied up spread eagle with a vibrator up her cunt making her moan erratically. Ball gag preventing speech she merely laid there cumming time after time.
Leaving her room Dominic stepped next door into her son's bedroom. Noticing the balcony and his telescope he stepped out in full glory nudity and chuckled. "What have we here?" He used the telescope to spy on the women folk by the pool. They had all eaten while Sable was gone and were now ignoring the rule of going into the water after eating. "Look at all that yummy." He chuckled from the balcony, the kids hearing him. Sable looking up through the thin opening in the planks saw a massive cock and bulged her eyes. This was now her third penis spotted in a single day. Lowering her gaze to Travis' she scowled. Travis was definitely smaller.
"You're sizing me up at a time like this?" He whispered then rolled his eyes. Feeling bad over it she gnashed her teeth, showing off her braces. She hadn't meant to make him insecure; she was only curious. The guy above them had a bigger dick than even her father. The size and thickness amazed her.
"Look at all that leopard print." Dominic hissed.
Across the fence Josie took her sundress off and shared her visual with both Henry and Piper. Not to be one upped Tessa ditched her shorts and shirt to reveal a similar leopard bikini. Henry grinned knowing this was all his idea. Torture the wife and see if she got jealous.
"Same bikini? Really?" Josie planted her hands on her hips. Behind Henry, Dakota began giggling and pointing at both Tessa and her mother.
"Oh, this is priceless. Be right back." Piper hopped up and ran into her house. Digging in her closet for a bikini of her own she chuckled singing a short rendition of Ted Nugent's song, "Cat Scratch Fever." She then hurried to her stereo to select a song from a Spotify playlist. Suddenly, the outside speakers that were already there when she bought the house wailed to Guns N Roses, "Welcome to the Jungle." The unexpected music made everyone laugh. The next thing Henry knew was he had three leopards dancing for him. Sitting down in a deck chair to drool over three hot chicks rubbing up on one another was worth it.
"Well played Miss Cherry, well played."
Seeing them having fun Dakota chose to steal her father's attention and took off her own t-shirt. While not wearing leopard print, she still found her father looking. Before he knew it Dakota was sitting in his lap hugging her father. Adorable as she was, he realized Sable had still not returned. Looking toward the Herbert house he happened to spot Dominic stroking his cock through the wide railing of their balcony. All while utilizing the telescope.
"What the hell?" He swiftly covered Dakota's eyes to prevent her seeing the giant. Lifting her from his lap he ordered her into Piper's house. "GO INSIDE. Don't argue with me and don't look out until I say it's safe." She obeyed until she reached the French door and caught a glimpse of Dominic's reflection in the distance. Jaw dropping, she turns defiantly to witness him jerking off.
The women too into their dancing hadn't even caught on to Henry walking toward the back fence yelling. "HEY! PUT IT AWAY, THERE'S KIDS PRESENT." Although just under two weeks to adulthood his girls were still his babies.
"Fuck you, Buddy. You got some fine ass bitches over there."
It was then Henry heard Kelly scream again, a devastating orgasm forced him to size up the situation. He worried that Kelly was being gang raped, the big guy outside as he was. Never before meeting Dominic Black, he just wasn't sure what was going on.
Lifting his cell up to show Dominic, Henry gave him an alternative. "Go inside or I call 9-1-1."
More screams spook Travis and Sable leaving them uncertain what to do. Finally, Sable just gave up and climbed the fence from her side to look down at her father. "Daddy? Don't ask, just give me your tank top."
"Sable? What are you?"
"HE'S HURTING MY MOM." Travis yelled out.
"No, I'm not." Dominic hissed then looked over the balcony to see Sable dangling, whistling at her bare bottom he had no clue how old she was. All Dom knew was hotness. Travis stepping into view made Dominic laugh, "What the hell are you two doing down there?"
Growling under his breath Henry removed his camo tank and passed it up to Sable. Through the narrow seams of the fence, he realized his daughter was nude. A closer wince he found Travis just as naked. "WHAT THE HELL?" He saw Sable drop and put his shirt on, as if it hid much being huge on her and the sides low cut. It was still better than nothing.
With the music lowering Piper and Josie chose to join Henry at the fence line. Josie hearing Kelly snapped a glance at Piper. In a strange bit of circumstance both women climbed the fence and hurled themselves over. Spotting Travis Josie cocked a brow upon landing. "Why are you... cover yourself."
"With what?" Travis screeched under panic.
Boldly Sable removed her father's tank and tossed it at Travis. While he put the shirt on Josie turned to her daughter, "Now you cover up Missy." Sable cried and held her arms over her essentials. Piper having sympathy pulled Sable behind her utilizing her body as a human shield.
Henry took a picture of Dominic stroking his cock then poised it up for the burly man to see, "I'm showing this to the cops."
"Do your worst." Dominic defied him and turned away going back inside the house. Tessa and Dakota joining Henry brought their t-shirts and Henry threw them over the fence. Piper snatching up Dakota's shirt passed it to Sable who quickly put it on.
"Mom? Trust me it's not what you think."
"We'll talk about it later. Go over the fence where it's safe." Josie then looked at Travis barely able to cover himself under Henry's open cut tank. Picking up Tessa's shirt she handed it to Travis, "Switch it out Streaky."
"I'm sorry Mrs. McKellen. This is all my fault. I was on my way over when..."
"Save it. Your mom needs help she's still screaming. Who is that guy?"
"Looks like the Undertaker to me. WWE..." Piper pointed out the resemblance then hissed exploring the balcony as the kids had earlier. "Are you going up, or am I?" Josie scowled, "I'm lighter I'll go."
"His name's Dominic. My mom's asshole boyfriend. He hurts her all the time." Travis pouted.
"Neither of you are going. It could be dangerous." Henry pulls himself up over the fence landing between them. "Rock climber, remember?" He bragged over only once doing that at a state park.
"Do you see rocks?" Josie rolled her eyes.
"Only Dwayne Johnson's Johnson up there." Piper smirked, "Sorry, I get slutty under pressure."
"NOT NOW!" Both Henry and Josie snap.
"I'll be over here." She stepped aside with Travis.
More persistent cries led Henry to sigh, "Fuck!" He then attempted a jump to reach the floor of the balcony to no avail.
"Oh, good grief! Grab a leg, Piper. Travis a little help here."
"You could just lift me I'm way lighter." Travis suggested.
"Might be dangerous, I'll go."
"Why are we not calling the cops?" Piper shrugged then crouched with both Josie and Travis to gain leverage enough to hoist Henry up. Once he had a grip, he utilized well concealed muscles and pulled himself up using the balcony rails. A long tedious venture ended with him climbing over the rail and entering the bedroom through the still opened French door. Hearing grunts Henry suspected Dominic was fucking Kelly. Whimpers sounding like pleading concerned him. Easing on tiptoe Henry found a baseball bat next to Trav's bed. Armed he marched head on into Kelly's bedroom for the shock of his life. Kelly was now hogtied doggy style and Dominic was fucking her up the ass. Tears falling hard she spotted Henry and shook her head no, fearing for his life. Mouth gagged prevented her from warning him.
"What are you doing to her?" Henry rallied courage waving the bat ready to swing.
"What's it look like, Louisville? I'm her Master, she's, my slave. Want your dick sucked? She has her tonsils out."
"What?" Henry lowered his defense slightly, "I'm not leaving until you release her. Let her tell me herself she's alright?"
Dominic shook his head and gripped Kelly by her long blond hair, "Want me to take my dick out of this ass Whore?" She shook her head negatively yet winced at Henry with worry.
"Remove the ball gag. I want to hear her tell me."
"Naaa! Go on home Batboy. You have some fine ladies to tap yourself it looks like."
"I SAID REMOVE HER GAG." Henry swung the bat at him missing his shoulder by three inches.
"Swing that at me again I'll shove it up your ass."
"I'll take my chances. Let Kelly up." Posing the bat with a stern glare Henry stood his ground. Shaking his head Dominic pulled out of her anus and slapped her ass with an echoing crack, her cheeks fiery red and bruised from obvious terrorism on the big guy's part. Noticed bruises on her arms only made Henry angrier. Hearing glass break from downstairs made both Henry and Dominic narrow their eyes. A door opening led to a thunder of footfalls coming up the stairs. Barging in at the doorway Travis looked in to see his mother trussed up and Dominic over her. The look on Dom's face bordered on arrogance.
"MOM!" Travis attempted to squirm past Henry even as Piper and Josie found their way to back Henry up. While Henry leered over his shoulder Travis found his invasion point and ducked under Henry to come in swinging at Dom. Striking Dominic made him flinch and shove Travis over into a dresser.
"THAT'S ENOUGH!" Henry threatened Dom with a swing directly at his face, stopping just shy of easily breaking his nose. "Get dressed and get the fuck out." Piper found Henry really exciting. Josie noticing her bestie's reaction slapped her shoulder, "All mine tonight." Piper shyly smirked and contained her hormones. That was a chore by itself while witnessing Dominic's eleven inch python slither out of Kelly Herbert's anus, inch by inch, nine of his length up inside her. Piper was slipping fingers beneath her bikini bottoms until Josie slapped her hand.
"Party pooper... in the pooper!" Josie did smirk, it was all she could do to not touch herself either. The ladies were made for one another.
"Sorry Kid. Reflex." Dom stood up and offered him a hand which he swatted away. "Mind handing me my pants?" Dom winked at Piper, her eyes lowering to see his massive eleven-inch cock, his erection too stiff to remain aloft. Hell, that thing was a forearm. Piper expelled her ever favorite nerve release, "Fuck me!"
"NOT NOW!" Josie lost her cool and grabbed his clothes off the floor and flung them at Dominic. Behind him Kelly was bawling her eyes out. Easing around Henry, Josie cautiously sat next to Kelly and removed the ball gag in a web of saliva. "It's okay Kelly. We're here for you." Kelly couldn't even form any words but drifted her eyes toward her son. It was easy to tell she was afraid for herself and her son.
Fully dressed Dominic stared Henry in the eye, "You have some big balls. Maybe you should try being more dominant." Henry winced, absorbing Dom's final words before taking his leave. Making smooching noises toward Piper gave her goosebumps. "Look me up if you want to party." Piper flared her eyes then sighed.
"I'm happy with Bonnie and Clyde here, thanks."
"Yup!" Dominic left the house.
As the untying of Kelly took a while she choked up finally, "Travis?"
"Yeah mom?"
"You shouldn't see me like this. I'm not dressed."
"You're not the only one he shouldn't see naked." Henry frowned at him.
Travis went into panic mode until Henry threw up his palms to calm him down, "I can explain... really."
"Save it Kid." Henry frowned, "You and your mom need to talk it looks like."
"Actually..." Kelly trembles, "I think we all need to talk."
"Oh, boy!" Josie looked at Piper suspecting what was about to be said. Piper shrugged sensing something but wasn't quite there in sharing of thoughts.
"Thank you all for being so concerned about me. I love you all but..."
"But we really didn't need to come running to your rescue." Josie beat her to the punch. Kelly in turn merely shrank in her seated position on her knees. Piper concerned over Travis snapped her fingers, "Let's go Up Periscope." Nudging Travis, Kelly paused her to wait, Josie now pulling her bed sheet up to cloak Kelly from Travis seeing her nude any more than he already had. "Maybe not." Piper excused herself, "I'll check on the girls. Make sure the Country bumpkin headed back to the hollers."
Once Piper left the room Travis sat down next to his mother, opposite Josie. Kelly placed an arm around her son, "Travis? I need you to try and understand that Dominic isn't really a bad man."
"Never." Travis went on the offense.
"You have to honey. I... serve Master Dominic. He only left because he knew I'd handle everything. I'll call him shortly and settle this once everyone here grasps the reality of our lifestyle."
"Dad would never treat you like shit." Travis rallied.
"No, he wouldn't. Partially why he and I were not together for a year before... my needs were never his. When he passed away, I remained single until you got older Travis, but now that you're nearly 18 in three weeks you need to understand what adulthood has to offer. In my case, I adore serving a dominant man. There is nothing I would not do for Dominic. Honey, he pays our bills, puts food on our table, gas in my car, insurance. Everything!"
"Ironic his name is Dom." Josie peaked a brow, "He is pretty rugged."
Henry shook his head, "Don't get any ideas."
"Oh? But you can bring over a PacMan princess only a year older than our girls? Don't even go there Gameboy."
"This isn't about us; we can talk about that at home. Continue Kelly." Henry cut his wife off, mainly because he himself had plenty to say concerning extracurricular activities.
"Well, yes Dominic gets rough with me on occasion. He leaves welts, bruises..."
"Black eyes." Travis spat.
"Only once in a year Travis. If you must know it was my fault that he elbowed me in the eye. It's not an excuse to protect him either, I truly did. I even told you that. Honey, I will never lie to you. Would you rather go live with your uncle?"
"In Ohio? Fuck that... besides I'm going to date..." He freezes and looks at Henry, "...someone special." Henry and Josie both share a glance suspecting he meant Sable. Josie sighed and reached over Kelly's lap and patted Travis on the knee. Travis connected her emotions with the words, "We'll see." He just knew that's what Josie was thinking.
"So, we fought our way inside a locked house, I threatened a bodybuilder with a baseball bat, all for nothing?" Henry smirked, "Wow! I impress even myself."
"You were pretty amazing." Kelly shyly blushed toward Josie. "If you don't mind my saying so."
"He has his moments. I guess we owe you an apology for interfering in your sex life." said Josie standing up.
"You had no idea. Travis did what he thought was right as well. I love you for being my hero, Honey."
"You're welcome, Kel." Henry chuckled, "Oh, you meant the STAReGAZER there."
"Haha!" Travis sighed feeling low for being such a perv.
"I'll restrict his use of his telescope."
"Don't you dare. No harm done Sweetie." Josie winked, "Besides, he might see a burglar or something when nobody is looking."
Henry clears his throat, "I think I'll wall up our daughter's bedroom window." He had a strong hunch that after their shared nudity in the backyard that something was amiss long before then. The two were just too relaxed around one another.
"Can I explain what that was about out back?" Travis pouted.
"Go for it." Henry sneered.
"It was..." A loud shrill scream distracts his confession, "Was that Sable?"
"Or Dakota, it's hard to distinguish the two sometimes." Josie hugged Kelly real fast then headed downstairs. As Travis races after her Henry turns to follow but gets sidetracked.
"Henry?" Kelly called out. "Thank you for being so brave..."
"No problem. At least I'm not sporting any broken bones."
"I was not just saying it... you were amazing. No man has ever come to my rescue before. It was very sweet of you."
"Oh, yeah?"
"Yes. Dominic said something earlier..."
"What when he offered you up to give me a blowjob?"
"If you would have said yes, I would not have... defied Dominic."
"No shit?"
"No... Sir."
"Uhhh? I better go see what's going on outdoors."
"I'll get dressed and join you in a moment."
"Alright!" He reaches the door threshold then pauses, "Don't cover up too much." A wink later he was gone. Kelly Herbert shivered. "As you wish." Spoken but not heard. A clause in her master's verbal contract recited she mumbles, "I shall never tell any man no if they want me. It is my job to make them desire what I possess to offer them. I will obey without hesitance nor failure." Hooboy!
Outside in the front yard Henry discovered a pile of bodies, "What in the hell?"
Amid the tackle simulation were Piper, Tessa, Dakota, and Sable. Travis was on the sidelines with Josie watching the girls dealing a dose of vengeance. He was actually laughing over the fact that bikinis were awry in one fashion or another. Piper her left tit exposed, Tessa one side of her leopard bottoms untied and dangling amid thin pubes. Dakota stressing over a potential loss of either part of her own bikini. Only Sable was covered, but her butt was peeking out in her struggle to...
"Why is everyone wrestling with Knox?" Henry reached Josie.
"That's what I was trying to tell you Mr. McKellen." Travis chimed in, "Knox depantsed me earlier and stole my clothes. I was trying to get back inside my house to get more clothing. Dip Poole was with him, but I guess he went home. They also stripped Sable and took her clothes, that's how she ended up with me. I swear it wasn't on purpose."
"He did, huh?"
"I have his pants." Sable managed to steal his jeans from his feet. In the battle Tessa managed to get his shirt off, while Piper focused on his boxers. Dakota caught in the middle gets pulled away by Henry, now in protective mode.
"MY DAD IS GONNA SUE YOU MOTHERFUCKERS." Knox belted out.
"Is that before or after we sue you for raping my daughter?" Henry escorted Tessa off of him even while looking at her exposed thigh. Trying to focus he pointed at Piper, "Cover up Hellcat." Piper chuckled and listened, Josie helping her retie her top.
"GIVE ME BACK MY CLOTHES."
"Y'know what Knoxville?" Henry extended a hand to help the newfound nudist to his feet, one that Knox slapped aside. "As I started to say, I've never liked you. You're going to apologize to my daughter, and Travis or I'll call your dad first. You may think he's totally on your side, but I've had talks with Winston over the years, he's a decent sort, unlike his kid."
"I want to kick him in the balls." Travis yelled.
"Me too, I want to get in the sack... I mean sack him... asshole." Sable fumbled her words trying to make Travis know he wasn't alone.
"I got this." Piper moved over Knox and literally stepped on his balls making him wince in pain. Tessa not to be outshone planted a foot on his chest. Even though Knox swatted her she wouldn't budge.
"Damn!" Henry shook his head, "Maybe we should let you two Jell-O wrestle."
"I'm so in." Tessa laughed.
"Works for me Puddin'pop." Piper high fived Tessa.
"You done getting mouthy, Kid? I might not be able to keep theses bitches in line much longer."
"Got that right." Dakota tugged against Henry, "Let me kick him in the throat."
"Easy Killer." Henry easily yanked her back into him, the more she resisted made him roll his eyes and lift her off her feet and toss her over his shoulder. Seeing his alternative Josie smiled and offered her own hopeful solution, "You can do that to me later."
"Just might. Can I finish here?"
Josie merely patted her eldest daughter on the butt cheek and laughed with her. It was pretty amusing to see Dakota helpless. Even Sable pointed at her sister while she and Travis stood shoulder to shoulder.
"I believe in my daughter Knox. If she says you stripped her that's not in your favor. You didn't go further than that, so I'll let this slide." As Henry attempted to control the situation Travis started to tell him about Knox and Dip at the pool but Sable quickly intervened with bulging eyes and a palm over his mouth. He realized that it would look even worse for everyone so shut up. Even Dakota threatened Travis with her dagger like gaze. "Apologize or I'll leave you to the Pussycat Dolls."
"Just leave him with us." Piper chuckled squishing his ball sack even more like crushing out a cigarette, Knox was a smoker, "Josie can stomp his... rather nice pecker."
"Not helping Piper." Henry pulled her away relieving Knox considerably. "Off Tessa the Tigger." Tessa laughed and stepped away, moving back behind everyone to join Sable and Travis.
"You two make a cute couple. I'll need my t-shirt back by the way." Travis started to take it off, but Tessa stopped him, "Go change first. I... damn that shirt's touched... yeah, just keep it."
"Just say you're sorry Knox." Henry sat Dakota down relinquishing her to Tessa for safe keeping. Once Dakota was escorted back to Sable and Travis, Henry crouched next to Knox. After a brief thought he chose a new tactic.
"Did you see that big guy who came out of the Herbert house earlier?"
"Yeah? So what?"
"I can easily call him back and let him humiliate you even more. By the way tell Dip his day is coming."
"I'm not afraid of him or you."
"You should be. He's got connections that not even your dad can deal with."
"What's that supposed to mean?" Knox sat up, not bothering to cover his beastly cock. Stroking it toward Josie first, then Piper next to her he grinned, "They want this."
"I already said I wanted a piece of you." Piper chuckled, "Just not how you're thinking. Leggo your ego."
"Your wife's drooling."
"No, I'm not." Josie scowled as Henry looked back at her, "I'm not." She was being honest, for the most part. A true nympho at heart she couldn't resist the urge to at least look, off and on. Even Piper found herself casually trying to control herself. It was sad how a bad boy tended to spark interest even from those really not that interested. In exploring reactions Henry looked beyond the adults and even found Dakota trying harder to get a look at Mr. Cocky. Unknown to Henry, Dakota was recalling Knox by the pool lotioning her up.
"HEY! GO HOME!" Henry snapped at the girls. Tessa wanting to appear helpful escorted the twins in a walk down the street. Henry was getting irritable. Travis began to follow the girls when his mother Kelly stepped out of her home in a very short silk bathrobe. Seeing her Travis decided to hang back to support her. Kelly had other thoughts, shooing him inside to change out of Tessa's t-shirt. He listened, mainly because he was tired of looking gay in pastel colors.
"What's going on?" Kelly stepped up to Piper and Josie. "Why is... Knox naked?" Even Kelly was eying that cock with an appetite. It was her job to take note and promote as Dominic insisted.
"He's getting dressed now. AREN'T YOU HARDECKER?" Henry stood up and found his jeans tossing them at him. Catching them Knox procrastinated and stroked his cock toward the ladies. It was obvious all three women were fighting to turn away. Finally, Henry growled, "Do you three mind?"
Kelly at least turned around. Seeing her both Josie and Piper roll their eyes and follow her lead. For a slave that was forbidden but she chose to anyway with Dom not here to punish her. However, Henry hadn't counted on the stubbornness of Knox. "Look at those sweet asses." He chuckled, "I'd love to cum on all three of those one after the other." He knew it was pissing Henry off. "Wouldn't you, Mr. McKellen? Come on dude let's have a duel." Knox threw his jeans aside and took two steps toward the women. In anger Henry grabbed Knox by his arm and tried to prevent his advancing closer. "Your ole' man is getting jealous Mrs. McKellen. He's afraid I'm going to jizz all over your tight ass."
Josie smirking slightly shivers, Piper whispering, "Seriously? You'd want that out of this punk?"
"Nooooo!" Her reaction made Piper wince. "Shush!"
"That's enough Knox. I'm calling your dad."
"Go for it. I'll be over here rubbing my cock on their ass cracks."
Piper rolled her eyes and turned to face Knox. Acting curious she stepped closer to Knox and kissed him hard on the lips. Caught off guard he lost his ballsy attitude and got weak in the knees. Parting lips she winked at him before kneeling in front of Knox as if readying to give him a blowjob. Growing smug he chuckled at Henry. "See? They want me."
"I can't help it Henry. Sorry." Piper opened her mouth a mere inch from taking in his crown. With a single finger she lifts Hardecker's cock toward her, then in the blink of an eye she doubles up her fist and slugs him in the balls. Taking his breath away Knox buckled at the knees and collapsed in front of Piper, she in turn shoved him into another landing on to his back. "Got this in the bag Big Daddy."
Standing up Piper leers over her shoulder, "Ladies? Let's show ole' Knox here how badly we want him." Josie and Kelly moved to each side of Knox when Piper untied her bikini bottoms and took them off. Henry could only shake his head. Josie realized her plan and took off her bottoms too.
"Dibs on his face." Josie smirked.
"Really?" Henry snapped a glare at her.
"Get in here Kelly." Piper coaxed her in, yet she was uncertain what was happening. Pulling Kelly in front of her into straddling Knox she lifts her robe up over her nigh perfect ass. A short whisper amongst new friends all three women found a unanimous urge to..."
"MOTHERFUCKING CUNTS!!" Knox yelled in agony, his balls throbbing hard.
"Now I've seen it all." Henry observed a defining moment. All three women urinated on Knox Hardecker in his helpless paralysis.
"You were pissed off earlier. Get in here Henry. Vengeance isn't just a bitch." Piper chuckled.
"I'll pass."
"Wuss!" Josie added raining pee down over Knox Hardecker's face. He couldn't even flinch under the pain in his lower extremities.
Henry noticed Kelly shyly looking at him as if hoping he might change his mind. Knowing she liked dominance, and hearing his wife call him a wuss made him change his mind. "Fuck it!" He moved in front of Josie and lowered his trunks, whipping out his magnificent nine. Josie eyed him with shock, instead he pissed on Josie. "HEY! He's down there."
"I know exactly where he is."
"You're pissing on me instead of him."
"Marking my territory."
"You ass." Josie moved away, with her out of sight Kelly got a really good look at Henry's cock. Henry took it further then pissed on Kelly. She smiled and took him full stream, literally removing her robe and kneeling over Knox. Dead on in her face Kelly trembled. Piper avoiding being soaked herself jumped back and joined Josie in watching Kelly's performance.
"Wow! I never saw that coming." Piper patted Josie on the bottom then shook her fingers. Josie's cheek was wet from Henry's urine. "Okay, I guess everyone is pissed on. I'm going home." She grabbed her bikini bottoms from the ground and just carried them. Josie doing the same left Henry in a huff. They at least were smart and walked through the backyard. Once done Henry put his dick away and stared at Kelly.
"Think I'm a wuss?" He asked Kelly.
"No... Sir."
"Dominic who?"
"My Master..."
"Who?"
She found it hard to speak, urine trickling over her lips. Finally, she crawled off of Knox kneeing him in the groin for another round of whimpering stress, it was however accidental. Henry picked up her robe and started to hand it to her but instead used it to wipe her face, once it was soaked, he tossed it at her. "Go check on your boy."
"Yes... Sir."
"I'll check on you sometime this week."
"I... will be waiting." Kelly Herbert scurried into her house leaving Henry to sneer down at Knox. She found a wad of cash under a shard of glass just inside her front door. She knew it was to fix the broken windowpane. Dom had left it for her to find.
"Stay away from my family." Knox couldn't even form a word, he was white as a ghost, his nerve endings in agony. Leaving it at that Henry walked home. Still there five minutes later Winston Hardecker came home from the office and spotted his son nude in the neighbor's yard. It was at that moment that Knox Hardecker knew his dad was not on his side. Therapy was on his father's mind.
Twenty minutes earlier at Piper's pool...
"That was insane." Dakota laughed, "I can't believe you and Travis went streaking together."
"It wasn't like that." Her sister Sable pouted trying not to giggle.
"Looked that way to me too." Tessa ribbed Sable with an elbow. "Chillax! At your age I was jumping boys, cuter than Travis... but I was jumping bones."
"You were?" Both girls grew curious.
"Hell, yes." Tessa turned her focus on Dakota, "Oh, what was that lustful look I saw in your eye when your dad tossed you over his shoulder? You got the hots for Pop?"
"WHAAAAT? No!" Dakota turned beet red.
"Yes, she does." Sable razzed her sister.
"Hey! I had the hots for my dad too. It's fun teasing him."
"You tease your dad?" Dakota expressed awe.
"All the time."
"Have you ever... you know?" Dakota grew anxious for an answer.
"No way!" Tessa winced, "That is soooo wrong!" As Sable rolled her eyes Tessa mouthed, "Yes." toward Dakota but used a finger to quiet her response. Dakota was all ears. Just not today. "Listen, I'll be hanging around more often because your dad and I have to work on his wargame together. Our boss wants it more... aggressive." Dakota knew differently, she had heard about Henry's game Frisque, but mispronounced it as Frisky. Sable knew as well but not as in depth.
"Awesome! Maybe we can all hang." Sable grinned.
"No doubt. I'll be the third McKellen sister." Tessa giggled.
"I need to pee." Sable danced about then bolted for Piper's powder room. Once gone Dakota had to ask...
"Do you really have sex with your dad?"
"Dad and stepdad."
"Wow!"
"It's fun. Anyways, if you like your dad, show him."
"I... like a boy at school too." Angus crossed her confusion.
"Have your cake and eat it too."
"What? Has dad mentioned our birthday cake to you?"
"Nave! Oh, my Gawd!" Tessa laughed, "I meant just have both, dad and the boy. Heck, I used to play five boys all at the same time."
"My mom..." Dakota thought first luckily, not wanting to put her mother down for not only fucking Coach Crandell at school but having seen her be gangbanged alongside Piper by her moving guys.
"You mom what?"
"Wouldn't like me..." She hesitates then panics, "I have to go pee too."
Watching Dakota run off Tessa got dressed putting her jean shorts on, no shirt, she remained in her leopard top. "These guys are too easy. I'm going to show their dad how to make his game Frisque something... personal. God I'm horny. I wonder what time Svetlana gets home?"
Alone at the moment, she looks toward the Herbert house wondering what was taking everyone else so long. Spotting Travis using his telescope to spy on her she chuckled, "Peeping tom must be looking for his little girlfriend." She waves at Travis, he waved back. Looking over her shoulder for safety Tessa intentionally lifted her bikini top and let him see her tits. She found it amusing until she saw his mother step out on to the balcony. Covering up she just strutted about with her hands in her back pockets. Hearing voices entering the home she pepped up and awaited Piper and Josie to step back out. "Everything okay?"
"Just peachy." Josie snapped.
"Dare I ask?"
"Dare I kick..." Piper stops Josie from saying anything further. Josie wouldn't have it, pulling away, "Are you after Henry?"
"I'm confused. Henry said you two have an open marriage. I'm really only around to help with Frisque, but... if my working closely with Henry is going to cause problems, I'll..."
"No. You're going to do your job, and my husband."
"Say what?"
"If you want to fuck Henry you have my blessing. He's right, we have an open thing now. I'll do who I want, he can do who he wants."
"I can do both." Piper raises her hand then bites her lip.
"You can do me too, Hottie." Tessa winked at Piper.
"Ooooo! Another cuntry heard from."
"I only have one thing to say..." Josie points at her, "Do not influence my girls or I'll rip your hair out."
"Starting with your pubes." Piper just had to ante up.
"I love it when you two talk dirty. I'll try to avoid doing anything to-well-around the twins."
"Perfect. For the record... Henry is mine tonight. I need my husband."
"I hadn't planned on anything other than this cookout and making friends."
"Leftovers?" Piper lifted an empty plate.
"She can have Henry tomorrow." Josie cheered up razzing the girl.
"Crazy!"
"Welcome to the family." Piper laughed, "I'm making you a plate to take home."
"I'll share with my roommate."
"Henry?" Josie smirked.
"Maybe! Svetty likes both guys and girls. So do I by the lay... way."
"I like her."
"Fuck it, so do I." Josie stepped in to hug Tessa, "Make Frisque incredible. We need the money."
"I'll do my best."
Seconds later Henry enters the house to find both Sable and Dakota whispering in the living room. "What's going on?"
"How's Travis?" Sable sparked at seeing her dad.
"Your boyfriend is just fine. See?" He points out the French doors to see Travis and Kelly talking on his balcony. "Let's leave them alone for the rest of the day. They need to clear a few things up."
"Are you... mad at me Daddy?" Sable pouted.
"For what? Being naked with a pervert?"
"Be nice."
"No, I'm not mad, just... keep your clothes on until you're 30."
"HA!" Dakota nudged her sister.
"That goes for you too. No more of that wrestling naked stuff at home earlier."
"I lost my towel."
"Uh huh! Why don't you two head home, we'll be there shortly."
"Do we have to?" Dakota whimpered.
"Go! Oh, check the mail. We haven't checked it in a couple days." He ushered them away. Just as they reached the front door Dakota ran back and hugged her father.
"What's that about?"
"I love you is all. Oh, Tessa adopted us, she's our sister now."
"She did, huh? Lucky me."
"We know." She scurried away, her thoughts on his earlier phone sex with the girl. Of course, he had no idea they had heard them, let alone seen. Waiting until the twins had gone home Henry stepped out to the patio.
"Getting awful chummy out here." He pointed out as Tessa got ready to leave.
"One big happy family Henry." Piper smirked, "I'll walk you out Tessa Dear." With a flutter of flirtatious fingers Tessa told him she would call him tomorrow about getting together to work on storyboards. Watching the ladies wiggle away Henry ignored his wife. She frowned at his interest elsewhere.
"Kelly, alright? That was sure... some golden shower back there." Still, he rubbed his chin toward Piper's home. "I gave Tessa permission to fuck you."
"Does it matter? I'd do it anyway." He grew cold.
"What am I missing?"
"Me."
"I always miss my man."
"Except when you're with another man."
"Are we... fighting again?"
"All night long."
"Great!" She sighed dreading a verbal warfare. "I thought we were past that."
Without warning Henry turned and snatched his wife up as he had Dakota earlier, throwing her over his shoulder. Caught off guard she yelped in shock, "HENRY?" Untying the bikini strings on her hips he rips her bikini bottoms off and tosses them away. A slap to her ass to get her warmed up he carried her toward the French doors. In her amazement she reached up behind her back and untethered her own top and drug it from her body before even being hauled inside. Leaving the door open he marched them straight into Piper's bedroom and slammed the door.
Piper returning from walking Tessa to her car heard moaning from her bedroom and smiled, "Ooooo! Threesome again." She quickly shut her French door then disrobed. At her bedroom door she finds the door locked. "What the... FUCK ME!" Her favorite statement of shock, as she listened to Josie screaming her fool head off. Piper rolled her eyes with a pouty face. "I want some." It wasn't in the cards. After an hour she still heard Josie's orgasms shaking the windowpanes. "At least throw Bodzilla out for me." She pouted.
Thirty minutes later while masturbating on her couch to the symphony in her bedroom she hears her cell ringing on the coffee table. It kept ringing so she checked it. "No clue." Against her better judgment she answered it. "Cherry Ale 'mode! No pits all tits."
"Is this Piper Cherry?"
"It is, whom am I flirting with?" She continued fingering her soaked pussy.
"This is Principal Carl Manley from Horton-Dexter School District 101. A Teacher here, Josie McKellen gave me your number. She suggested you might be interested in applying for School Counsellor at Horton-Dexter High School."
"Holy shit!" She sat up licking her wet fingers in awe of his consideration.
"Did I call at a bad time?"
"Anytime you want to call I'm available. Yes, I'm very interested in the position. Lots of positions actually, but I'll settle for this one."
"You sound winded."
"Just getting in a bit of cardio."
"When can you come in?"
"I could ask you the same question? You tell me, I'll be there."
"I told Josie I'd give you a few days to settle in. Welcome to Nashville by the way. How about we pencil you in for Friday, just so you have a few days to think about it. In case you change your mind."
"I won't change my mind. I'll get the address from Josie once she's done..."
"Is that Josie screaming in the background?"
"Good ears Carl. Why yes she is."
"Dare I ask?"
"I'm pretty sure you can figure that out on your own."
"Do I hear Henry?" Henry was bellowing at the top of his lungs, "I OWN THIS PUSSY."
"Yep!" She bit her nail.
"Ah! At least they're getting along better."
"Much better since I counselled them."
"Job well done. Let's say shortly after third period bell, right before first lunch? Once my day gets started it can be time consuming. I won't lie, this school will put you through your paces. Thugs run rampant. We have the largest Senior class of any year since I've been here."
"I can handle them."
"Somehow I can believe that."
"Did your son Jesse tell you we met?"
"He did. He speaks very highly of you."
"Awww! Tell him I'll have him deliver me breakfast in bed next week. Wait! Scratch that I might be working."
"Knowing my boy, he'd get up at the crack of dawn to make a few extra bucks. I've instilled a hard work ethic in him."
"My turn to say job well done. What time is third period, and do I need to bring tampons?"
"11:30 and please don't."
"Just teasing."
"I've heard that about you."
"Ohh?"
"HARDER, HARDER! FUCK MY ASS HARDER."
"That was Josie, not me." She giggled.
"Enjoy... their evening. See you on Friday Miss Cherry."
"Thank you, Mister Manley. Love the last name."
"Call me Carl."
"Call me Baby. Just kidding."
"Have a good night... Baby." Carl Manley hung up on his own jest.
"Oh, hell yes! We're going to hit it off great." She got up pacing in front of her bedroom door then finally knocks, "I WANT IN." Hearing laughs she pouts until the door opened enough to pass Piper her monster dildo known as Bodzilla. "DESTROY HER!" Door shut in her face and locked again she heard Josie squeal at Henry pouncing on her.
It was going to be a long night. Piper enjoyed her toy. Henry enjoyed his wife, Tessa enjoyed her roommate Svetlana, Dakota enjoyed herself thinking of her dad laying on top of her but only he was naked this time too. His image switched off and on with Angus Furlong her Quarterback crush. Sable enjoyed old Tom and Jerry cartoons, thankful that she found her bikini in the mailbox.
Travis? Two for one. He could see through the windows of the living room watching Piper fuck herself and observe the McKellen's making love albeit aggressively. After seeing everyone get off, he turned his telescope to Sable's bedroom window.
Sable had fallen asleep watching TV. Her curtains would never be closed again.
"Oh man! I love this episode of Tom and Jerry."
A peeping tom would.