The first Thursday of each month was a special showing at the Orlando Museum of Art. They usually invited local artists to submit works for display and sale. They'd bring in a local restaurant to cater hors d'oeuvres, and have a cash bar for beer, white and sparkling wine. October's event was usually a bit more avant garde, and this month was no exception. The theme was The Female Form. Candy and I decided to go and have some fun.
"Shall we take the Egg?" she asked.
"Ooh, I like that idea," was my reply. The egg is a remotely controlled vibrator. Candy can insert it into her vagina after she gets to the museum, and I get to control the remote.
After we entered the museum she quickly slipped away to the rest room while I got in line to get us a couple of glasses of Prosecco. She returned shortly with a sly grin on her face and I noticed red lace peeking out of her purse.
"Going commando, I see."
"Yep," she replied, "I want to give my cunt muscles a bit of extra exercise trying to keep the egg in place."
I chuckled softly as I handed her her glass.
We made our way to the exhibit hall and began perusing the paintings, photographs, mixed media and sculptures of the female form, some not quite recognizable, some vaguely familiar, and some down right explicit. Each time we found one that intrigued us both I hit the ON button and Candy gave a little bit of a start. We stopped to admire and discuss the intricacies of each exhibit, whispering in each other's ear, not so much about the art but about what we wanted to do to each other.
Before we were halfway around the exhibit hall I could tell that Candy was really getting into the sensations produced by the egg. Sometimes when we were fortunate enough to be alone by an exhibit I would hold the button down extra long, and she would grab my cock through my dress slacks and squeeze until I let go of the button. I don't think she realized her grip actually encouraged me to keep the button depressed, rather than release it. Finally she caught on and squeezed harder.
Before we completed a circuit of the exhibit hall she said "Let's get another glass of bubbly."
While I stood in line she went back to the ladies room. When she returned I noticed a couple more buttons were undone on her blouse and when she turned just right I (and anyone else) could get a good look at her pokey nipples and tits. I am pretty sure that was her intention. We headed back to the exhibit hall to continue our tour and tease-fest.
Candy leaned over and whispered in my ear "I masturbated in the ladies room." She always knows how to push my buttons, and it worked just fine, and I could feel my cock stiffening.
It was about this time that I noticed a tall, good looking redhead glancing our way on a fairly regular basis, and I was pretty sure she noticed Candy spasm each time I put my hand in my pocket. When I mentioned this to Candy she looked her way, smiled and gave her a wink. The redhead winked back and return the smile knowingly.
As we neared the end of the exhibit we were standing in front of a rather explicit yet abstract painting of a vagina. As I pushed the button on the remote and Candy spasmed I realized we were not totally alone.
From over Candy's right shoulder the redhead remarked loud enough for us, but no one else, to hear "I find the best word to describe this work is 'cunt'." I noticed a slight British accent.
Candy turned to her right, placed a hand on the redhead's arm and said "I agree. In fact both the painting and the word kind of excite me. My name is Candy, this is Ari. We hope you are enjoying the exhibition."
"I'm Zoe, and I am enjoying both the exhibition and the exhibitionists," she said with a knowing smile. "Could I buy you both another glass of Prosecco?"
"Tell you what," replied Candy, "Why don't we let Ari get the wine while you and I visit the ladies room to freshen up."
Candy gave me a sly smile and a quick kiss.
The line for drinks was rather lengthy and I was afraid the ladies would be out well before I had the wine. However, I was wrong! By the time I had three glasses of Prosecco at one of the high-top tables they had still not returned. I got the feeling they were doing more than 'freshening up'.
They both came out of the ladies room about 5 minutes later, both with big smiles and rather flushed faces. I handed each a glass and simply smiled.
Zoe leaned into me and said, "Ari, if you don't mind I would like to take Candy home for a proper fuck. I live right around the corner and promise to bring her back in one piece. Well," she said with a lascivious grin, "perhaps she will be missing one piece!"
Who was I to get in the way of a 'proper fuck', so I replied, "Of course. But why don't you both meet me at Santiago's Bodega in an hour for tapas and some good Spanish red wine. Or is an hour not long enough?"
Candy grabbed both sides of my face and planted a wet kiss on my lips and I could smell the musky aroma of pussy. "Perhaps a bit longer, but I'll text you when we are on our way."
The two of them walked out of the museum arm in arm and I am pretty sure I detected a corner of white lace hanging out of the back of Zoe's purse. She turned and caught me looking and gave me a knowing wink.
Candy's Point of View
Zoe's condo was, indeed, right around the corner. As we walked in the front door Zoe tossed her keys on a hall table, dropped her purse and pulled my head in for a fantastic wet kiss, grabbing my tits with her other hand. After 30 seconds or so she broke the kiss and asked if I would like a glass of wine.
"No," I replied, "I want a proper fuck as you promised."
We began undressing each other right there in the foyer, working our way towards the living room. By the time we hit the sofa we were both naked except for high heels and jewelry. She nearly threw me down on the sofa, knelt between my legs and buried her face in my cunt. I wrapped my legs over her shoulders and grabbed the back of the sofa cushion while Zoe did an excellent job of fucking me with her tongue.
She obviously had done this before, and most likely more times that I ever had. I could feel the orgasm building up deep inside my pussy and she nibbled on my clit and pussy lips. Just before I climaxed she shoved two fingers into my pussy hitting that sweet spot and I was over the edge, bucking against her fingers and face. After my breathing returned nearly to normal I looked down as she was lightly twirling her tongue over various body parts and saw that her face was absolutely soaked.
"It would appear you are a squirter," she said with a smile on her face.
"I am so sorry and so embarrassed," I replied. "I've never done that before."
"Oh, do not apologize, love. I adore knowing that I was your first. Now, if you would like to switch positions I will be happy to instruct you on how it is done, perhaps so you can instruct Ari how to be a better lover."
I could tell my face was red, "Ari does fine when it comes to eating my pussy, but he has never been able to make me squirt." I pulled her up to my lips so I could see what my squirting tasted like and decided I did need some instructions, and I did want to taste her squirt as well.
We went at it for another half hour of so, with Zoe telling me exactly where to flick my tongue, when to nibble her clit, and how and when to make the magic with my fingers in her pussy. It took me several tries but neither of us seemed to mind the repetition. As she grabbed my head, pressing it harder into her cunt, I could tell she was just about to reach her peak. She let out a scream that surprised me in its guttural intensity, and that's when she squirted! It came in gushes, into my mouth, and over my face when I couldn't contain it all, dribbling down my neck and onto my naked tits. It was warm and tasted like -- well, like pussy! What was I expecting? It took Zoe a few minutes to regain her breath, all the while I returned the favor and continued to gently lick every part of her that I could get to with my tongue.
"I hope this is not going to be a big disappointment," said Zoe, "but I am strictly a lesbian. I don't fuck men. Will Ari understand or should I skip the restaurant?"
"Don't worry about Ari," I replied. "We have a very open relationship, and he is very understanding and lets me play with whomever I choose, with or without him, man or woman."
"He appears to be truly enlightened. Let's go get some tapas and good wine."
It took us both a few minutes to get dressed and somewhat put back together. It also appeared both of us wanted to walk boldly into the restaurant with that "just fucked" look.
We walked arm in arm into Santiago's and turned a few heads, both male and female until we spotted Ari at a high top. I could tell by the look on his face he wished he had been a fly on the wall instead of saving a couple of restaurant seats for us.
Zoe leaned in and gave Ari a deep, wet kiss. "Ari, I'm a lesbian and that's the only wet kiss you are getting from me. But I did enjoy fucking your wife, and I would love to do it again."
Although I could tell he was a little disappointed he looked at me and smiled. "Zoe, I am thrilled we made your acquaintance tonight. And as long as you make Candy happy I can live with that. Now, let's eat, drink and be merry."