Natalie stood in front of the art class and removed her robe. Standing there naked with a dozen people looking at her nude body filled her with a strange mix of shame and empowerment.
"Please take a pose Natalie." said Nick the instructor. He was a man in his early forties. Handsome, with short brown hair and deep blue eyes that never seemed to settle. Natalie had, had a crush on him from their first meeting. He was looking at her naked body with the same kind of curiosity and appreciation as the other students, but without the embarrassment.
Natalie sat on the big arm chair in the middle of the room. "Like this?" she asked.
Nick grinned. "That's a great pose," he said. "Try leaning to one side and placing your hand on your hip."
Natalie did so.
The class went on for 30 minutes when Nick said "I think both our model and our artists need a little rest."
Natalie was relieved, but also disappointed, "I could have a bit of fun here" she thought. "Nick," she asked "would it be possible to have a partner to model with?"
Nick smiled. "Sure." he said. Was he really going to model with her? "Let's see..." he looked around at the students. He raised his voice "Natalie would like a partner to model with, would anyone care to join her for the second half of the class?" That's not what she had in mind.
Half of the students raised their hands. "Okay," said Nick, "You will also need to be naked."
Only one hand stayed up. Steve, a short, unremarkable looking young man looked around and realized he was now the only volunteer.
Nick smiled, "Very good Steve, take your clothes off and join Natalie."
Natalie took her position. She tried to get into the same mindset that she had in her first session. It wasn't easy because she kept having to smile as she watched Steve strip inelegantly; he nearly fell over removing his socks. His naked body was as unremarkable as his clothed one. He could be used as an example of average in every way.
Steve joined her in the center. "Try standing back to back." suggested Nick. They both faced the class and then rotated until their bare asses touched. Natalie looked around at the students. She smiled at one young woman who was staring at her with a mixture of disbelief, curiosity and maybe lust.
"No, doesn't work, try turning to face each other." said Nick, "Maybe embrace if you're both comfortable with it."
Natalie and Steve faced each other and hugged. They were almost the same height, so his cock pushed up against Natalie's trimmed pubes.
"That's good," said Nick.
Natalie looked into Steve's eyes and blushed. She couldn't believe she was getting aroused in public. She wasn't the only one, she could feel Steve's cock starting to get erect. She tried to pull away, but Nick said, "No no no, don't move."
Steve began to grow harder.
Natalie felt his cock start to get bigger.
Steve whispered in her ear "I'm sorry. Please don't move, I don't want them to see."
Natalie looked into his eyes and felt her body respond. Her pussy was starting to get very wet. She nodded and whispered "It's okay. Just don't get too hard."
They both kept their position for a few minutes.
Nick spoke again "Maybe try something on the chair?"
Natalie whispered to Steve "I'll try to block you from their view."
They awkwardly moved to the chair, Steve managing to hide his erection from everyone except Natalie. His cock was actually quite impressive hard, he was obviously a grower rather than a shower.
Steve half lay, half sat on the chair. Natalie sat on top of him, trapping his mostly hard cock between his abdomen and her ass cheeks.
"That's great," said Nick.
They continued to pose together.
After 10 minutes Natalie got uncomfortable and moved a little. Steve's cock responded by getting hard again. This led to Natalie's pussy releasing more juices. She was sure she had never been this aroused in her life before.
"Are you two OK?" asked Nick.
"I just need a small stretch." answered Natalie.
She looked at Steve. He had a panicked look in his eye. She smiled reassuringly at him. She stood up, blocking everyone's view of his almost painful boner.
She raised her arms and stretched her back and sat back down on Steve's lap, but this time between him being fully hard and her pussy being so wet, his seven inch cock slid into her easily.
They both moaned in unison.
"Everything OK?" asked Nick.
"yeah." answered Natalie quietly. Steve's cock was filling her pussy in the most wonderful way, it was all she could do, not to start raising and lowering herself on it.
They both stayed in position, Steve's cock still firmly planted in Natalie's pussy.
"Are you sure everything is okay?" asked Nick.
Steve cock twitched.
"We're good." said Steve, then in a whisper only Natalie could hear "More than good."
Nick turned away and began talking to one of the students.
Natalie started to move up and down. She kept the motion subtle and slow to avoid anyone noticing anything strange. Steve's cock slid in and out of her with ease. She was surprised by how wet her pussy was, she hadn't had an orgasm in weeks, but she could feel herself building, if they kept going, it would be a big one.
Steve's cock felt wonderful, she had almost forgotten how good sex was. She was almost on the brink when Steve's cock began to twitch. "Please don't cum in me," she thought.
But her pussy was throbbing with need, she couldn't help it, she kept fucking his cock, as subtly as she could, "Please don't cum," she repeated over and over to herself.
She had lost all control of her body, she could only focus on how good his cock felt inside her, and how much she wanted to cum.
"No, I can't let him cum in me, they'd all know. They'd know what I'm doing to him."
It was no good. Steve was on the verge of orgasm. He began to thrust himself up into her pussy. She responded by beginning to ride his cock harder. She could see Nick watching them, "Don't let him cum in me," she thought to herself again, "I don't care how much I need it, I don't care how bad I want it, you can't let him cum inside you, you have to stop him. Please please please..."
Steve began to moan. She felt his cock swell inside her. She couldn't take it any more, she needed to cum.
"Please Steve, please don't cum in me..." she moaned quietly.
Natalie orgasmed. Her whole body spasmed as her orgasm tore through her. It was an amazing orgasm, it was unlike anything she had felt in her entire life. She was cumming like never before, from her pussy, from her breasts, from her head, her whole body was reacting.
Natalie looked at Steve, she could tell he was cumming too, he had his head back in pure pleasure. His mouth was open and his eyes were closed. She looked down at her body and saw his cock pulsing inside her, his hot cum filling her pussy. She loved the sensation.
The orgasm slowly subsided.
"Natalie, Steve?"
Natalie looked at Nick.
"That's enough, we need to end the class."
Natalie looked into Steve's eyes and then around at the other students. They were all looking at her and Steve with curiosity, and some with a bit more.
She stood up, Steve's cum still leaking out of her. It ran down the inside of her legs. She walked over to her robe and put it on.
Steve remained on the chair. He was still in a post orgasm state, not sure if he should cover up.
Nick looked at him "You should dress."
Steve hurriedly started putting on his clothes.
Natalie looked at Steve one more time before leaving the room. He looked back at her with a confused, but happy expression.
"Oh, my God," thought Natalie. "What did we just do?"