Chapter 1 (The Awakening)
John and Christina Agular were married shortly after they graduated from Sonoma Heights high school. They had been boy friend-girl friend all through school and everyone knew they would one day get married.
John was outgoing and on the varsity football team. However Christina wasn't a cheerleader like most of the jocks went after. She was a quiet, shy girl who dressed conservatively.
As they were just starting their life together, they lived in an apartment complex. Their apartment was in a unique position in the complex. The front looked out toward the main street passing by the apartments. But because their apartment was at the end of the building, the bedroom looked out over the pool and jacuzzi spa area.
John liked the view. Or more specifically, he liked the view of the other hot women in the complex when they visited the pool or spa. Some of the bikinis were amazingly small. John wished Christina would wear something like that instead of the one piece suit she insisted on wearing. Christina, at 5 foot 9 inches tall and the measurements of 38-24-34 could have easily been a model. If she was more outgoing and she didn't have D cup breasts.
John's birthday was about a week away and Christina wanted to do something special for John but really couldn't come up with any ideas. He was always trying to get her to wear some high heels, some tops that showed more cleavage, short skirts that really would show off her long legs, and one of those skimpy bikinis. She always agreed to wear something like that for John but only inside and never out in public. It would be too embarrassing. Christina was sure something would come to her before John's birthday.
After dinner as John came walking out of the bedroom wearing his swimming trucks, John said, "Lets go down to the Jacuzzi and relax for a while?"
"Ok," replied Christina. "Grab a couple of beers and I'll go change."
"I'll meet you at the tub", shouted John as he grabbed a small ice cooler and headed out the door.
Christina grabbed her new swim suit she had bought this year. A black one piece suit that was cut higher on the thigh then she would have liked but she liked the style. It also buttoned down in the front to her naval although she only left 2 buttons undone. This left a little cleavage showing. Overall the swimsuit was well suited for her body and she liked it. She was sure John would like it also.
Christina walked down the stairway and rounded the corner on the complex heading toward the gate into the pool/spa area. The spa was in a secluded corner of the area surrounded on 3 sides by some tall hedges. She could hear some voices as she drew close and thought one sounded like Jasmine. As she rounded the corner sure enough there sat Teresa.
Great she though, John's eyes will be popping out of his head while Teresa was there and her roommate Jasmine showed up, the two girls would undoubtedly be flirting with John regardless if Christina was there or not.
"Hey baby, look who's here", said John.
"Hey Chris," chimed Teresa.
"Hey Teresa," Christina said.
As she slipped into the hot water of the tub squeezing between her husband John and Teresa she wondered why they always tried to sit so close to him when they knew he was married. They were lesbian after all. If they wanted a man, they should go find their own.
"Hiya guys."
And as quick as that, Jasmine walked up. Wearing what could be called a bikini only in the most extreme case. It was barely 3 pieces of white cloth and several strings that tied it together.
"Wow!" said John his eyes about to pop out of his head.
Jasmine just grins as she slips into the hot, steamy water.
"I just got it today and couldn't wait to wear it." Jasmine cooed.
"Where would you buy something that skimpy around here?" asked Christina.
"Oh, we bought these on-line," replied Teresa as she stood up revealing a bright pink thing bikini.
John couldn't believe his eyes. He swore he could see through the fabric. Surely the light and shadows were tricking his eyes.
"Yeah, at a place called Wicked Weasel," Jasmine said as she stood up.
Her bikini has turned almost completely transparent.
Christina couldn't believe that their two friends were wearing something like that. Jasmine was sliding back into the water as the group of friends heard someone yell out, "Who wants a beer?"
Everyone turned to see Mark and Sherrie walking toward the tub. Mark and Sherrie live in the apartment next to John and Sherrie. The walls were so thin in the apartments that Mark heard John and Sherrie talking about going to the Jacuzzi.
Mark and Sherrie stopped as everyone was looking at them and asked. "What?"
Simultaneously John and Christina said, "Nothing."
"We were showing our new bikinis to John and Christina," said Teresa as she stood up to show off her new suit. Jasmine followed Teresa and stood up in her nearly invisible bikini.
"How damn, why don't you wear something like that?" said Mark to his wife.
"Well, one I wouldn't know where to buy one. Two, would you let me wear something like that out here? And three, I'd have to molest you after I had it on for about 3 minutes. Or you'd attack me," Sherrie said laughing.
"I ordered several bikinis and have one you can try on if you want," said Jasmine.
Mark looked expectantly at Sherrie, "Well?"
"Ok, let's go get one." Sherrie said as she and Jasmine headed off.
Christina's face was flushed and it was not from the heat of the water. She didn't understand how the other women could wear something so provocative and revealing. Her pussy began to get wetter too and it wasn't from the water either.
A few minutes later Jasmine and Sherrie came running back to the Jacuzzi from changing into new bikinis. Jasmine had changed into a yellow one and Sherrie had on a pink bikini. Both looked like a normal skimpy bikini like before. However when both women sat down into the water, both suits appeared to change color slightly.
Mark told Sherrie to stand up so they could get a better look. When she stood up, the bikini was transparent and everyone in the tub could see her small nipples and shaved pussy lips protruding into a camel toe shape.
"Holy crap, baby. You look hot," Mark whispered.
Christina and John stared at their friend as she slowly turned around to give everyone a good look. Sherrie's nipples were beginning to stiffen partially from the cool air but mostly because she was becoming aroused by wearing the exotic bikini. Droplets of water slowly ran down her skin glistening from the lights as dusk slowly turned to night. Mark grabbed Sherrie by the hips and pulled her onto his lap with her back to him. He slowly slid his hands up her sides and slowly cupped her breasts in his hands slowly tweaking her nipples through the thin material. Sherrie's nipples responded to his touch and began to stiffen even more then they had been before.
Mark began to kiss Sherrie on the neck slowly working his way around until he reached her ear. Sticking his tongue in her ear, Sherrie let a soft moan escape from her lips. Sherrie turned her head to meet Marks lips and their tongues began to dance around each others. Mark slide his right hand downward along Sherries belly and slipped below the water. The bubbling Jacuzzi obscured where his hand was heading but everyone in the tub knew its destination.
Within a few seconds Sherrie was moaning and moving her pelvis as Mark slowly stroked her clit. Between the hot water, several beers, wearing the erotic swimwear, and Mark kissing her neck, Sherrie was on fire. She wanted Marks cock in her and wanted it in her NOW!
Sherrie stood up and grabbed Mark by the hand dragging him from the tub.
"I want to fuck. And right now. We are either going to fuck right here or at the apartment!" breathed Sherrie as she led her husband home completely ignoring their friends in the tub. Marks cock was clearly hard and good sized by the look of it in his trucks.
Christina was breathing heavily as her hand almost with a will of its own reached under the water to find Johns cock. John's dick was getting hard also and it was all Christina could do to not grab onto it and begin stroking it hard and fast under the water in front of their friends.
Jasmine and Teresa would have noticed if they were not busy locked in a battle with their tongues and their hands busily caressing each other under the steaming water in the Jacuzzi. Soft moans escaped from each of them as they fondled and rubbed each others clits.
Teresa broke their embrace long enough to look over at the couple and noticed Christina's hand slow moving under the water.
"Look, Chrissy is stroking Johns cock" whispered Teresa into Jasmines ear.
Jasmine looked over to see John and Christina looking back at the two young women.
"Are you stroking John's dick, Chrissy?" asked Jasmine.
Christina licked her lips and nodded her head slightly.
"Is all this making you horny?" asked Teresa.
Christina licked her lips and nodded her head again.
Christina could not believe the last hour. Never had she seen so much eroticism or been so horny. If John would have reached under the water and touched her clit, she would have had a screaming orgasm.
John took Christina's hand telling her, "Let's go home, baby. I'm so horny I'm going to explode."
"Let's go too", Jasmine said the Teresa.
Christina couldn't wait to get back to the apartment, rip their cloths off and fuck like rabbits. As they ran to their room, the fabric between Christina's legs rubbed her clit heightening the heat in her sopping wet pussy. She wanted John's cock in her. She just hoped that her legs rubbing together wouldn't cause her to cum yet. She wanted to explode all over John's hard dick.
Christina had her suit unbuttoned half way before John got the door unlocked. By the time she was going through the door, her suit was off her shoulders. If anyone outside would have been looking, they would have seen her large, firm breasts with erect nipples as John closed the door.
As Christina dropped her suit off of her legs, she dropped onto the floor on her back and spread her legs beckoning John's stiff cock. John dropped his trunks and he knelt down between Christina's legs guiding his dick to her wet throbbing pussy. As the head touched her opening Christina let out a soft moan. Christina's pussy was so hot and wetter then John could ever remember. He went slowly because if he had shoved the cock all the way into her in one push, he would have cum instantly.
John and Christina were so focused on being in heat that they didn't notice the noises from Mark and Sherrie next door. Sherrie was screaming as Mark shoved his dick into her pussy as hard and as fast as he could. Sherrie was screaming out in ecstasy as Mark's cock pounded her to her 2nd orgasm.
John slowly slid the full length of his cock into Christina. He had it just less then half the way in when Christina started to cum. She grabbed his ass and forcefully pulled him in the rest of the way into her steaming pussy. While her pussy squirted again and again all over his cock, she screamed "Fuck me John. Awwwwww. Ewwwwww. Yessss. I'm coming!!" That sent John over the edge. He grunted and his dick began spurting hot cum into Christina's hole. Both of them trembled slightly as their bodies twitched. Neither of them moved yet their bodies were so turned on they both of them has am orgasm for about 30 seconds.
John pulled out and rolled off of Christina and onto his back next her.
As they laid there, they could hear Mark and Sherrie next door.
"Oh, yes. Like that. Fuck me Mark. Harder. Fuck my ass harder. Ahhhhhhhh, I'm coming again," screamed Sherrie.
John and Christina could hear Mark growl as he shot a big load of sticky cum up Sherrie's ass.
John's dick began to get hard again. When he looked over at Christina, she was busy fingering her clit with one hand and pinching her nipples with the other hand. Soft moans escaped from her lips as she slowly rolled her head side to side and licked her lips.
John leaned over and started to kiss Christina. She eagerly met his mouth with hers. Their tongues twisting and turning around each others. Christina continued to furiously rub her pussy. John stroked his cock to its full hardness.
"Roll over on top of me baby," said John.
Christina sat up, grabbed a pillow from the couch and slid it under Johns head. She then climbed over the top of John and began to slowly lower her pussy onto the cock which was standing straight up. She grabbed his cock and guided it to the hole between her legs. Cum oozed out and dripped onto Johns cock as she slowly slid down his shaft.
Christina let a loud moan escape from her lips. Se cannot remember being so horny. She wanted to fuck and that is all she cared about this instant. She wanted to suck Johns cock but wanted it in her pussy too. She had never had anal sex but after hearing Sherrie next door, she might have to try anal too.
Slowly, she slid up and down on John's dick taking the full length each stroke. Each time she hit bottom, a moan would leave her lips. And each time she hit bottom, the moans got louder.
John couldn't remember Christina's pussy being so hot. He reached up and squeezed her breasts and kneaded her nipples with his fingers. Christina was bouncing up and down on his cock faster and faster. Christina was now groaning with each downward thrust.
Next door Sherrie and Mark lay on their bed recovering from their session of passionate sex. They began hearing Christina and John having sex and the noises began to get louder. Sherrie started to giggle.
"Shuuush. They'll hear you and stop making noises," Mark said smiling.
Christina was now humping up and down so fast that John thought Christina was possessed. His thumb eased down to Her clit and began to message it while she humped away. All at once Christina thrust herself down on Johns cock as far as it would go and started to spasm.
"AaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!" Christina cried as her eyes rolled back into her head.
John's cock shot another load into Christina's pussy so hard he thought it might hurt her. They both took a deep breath and collapsed into each other's arms. They had both just experienced the most erotic moment in their life. So far.