"Gentlemen, you are all summoned here to be witness to a momentous event, we are delving into the unknown at great risk. After decades of failures and much human sacrifice, we have been able to reach what we believe is a mature state of pregnancy of a Alien life form," explained Colonel McSheen, head of the top secret government research centre deep within the premises known as Area 51. He was addressing a group of twenty top scientists. Civilians, hand-picked from around the world. Some were approached by agents and joined the program willingly; others needed more thorough persuasion.
"Is this some sort of Joke, Colonel?" asked Professor Ausmann, the senior of the group at 78.
"With all due respect professor, do you seriously think that we would kidnap you and bring you five thousand miles into a top-secret military facility just for a laugh?" It was a tall, gent in a General's uniform who was watching the scene from the back of the room. He now walked around the conference table to face the assembly. McSheen saluted him.
"General Chadwick Holden at your service. I run this freak show, he said in his southern brawl. You won't see me much, I'm no man of science, but you can call me Chad," he continued.
"McSheen, where is that woman? " there was a tone of contempt in his voice.
"Dr.Eaton is with Captain Winters. There's been some complications since yesterday," replied McSheen.
Dr. Vanessa Eaton was the head of the extraterrestrial breeding program. The God-fearing General hated her for her human experimentation which had led to many lives lost in the decade since she took over.
"Is the kid in pain?" he asked.
"No General, she's feeling some discomfort, that's all,"
"That's all eh? I want to speak to her in private. This has gone long enough!"
"I'm afraid we can't allow it. And I have absolute authority regarding the project General!" Dr.Eaton had just entered the room. She was slim with sharp and elegant features, probably in her late 40s, Dr. Vanessa Eaton was a believer that the cause justifies the means. She was ruthless and had no qualms about sacrificing human life for scientific advances.
She introduced herself to all the scientists, shaking their hands. It was a full 10 minutes before she took notice of the General.
"Captain Winters is in no pain. She is suffering from some discomfort. Result of a growth spurt of the embryo," she continued, averting the gaze of the fuming General.
"You're killing the poor child. Cut the wretched thing out!" he growled.
Eaton merely grinned and said, "Oh my dear Chadwick. I'm sorry about the girl too. But look at the bigger picture. And, besides, I couldn't extract the fetus even if I wanted to. We are way past that point now!"
"Now, ladies and gentlemen, please follow me to the laboratory. Our test subject is waiting".
"The embryo recovered in 1948 was in cold storage until two years ago. With the discovery of related inscriptions in the Arctic Ocean and our trials for the past two decades, we pieced together most of the instructions needed to impregnate a human female and carry her to a successful delivery. The problem is the final parts of the birthing process is unknown to us. The inscription is destroyed and we can only wait and see how it'll end," Dr.Eaton explained as they all walked, now clad in hazmat suits into the main laboratory.
"We think the end is near. She's about to be transferred into a special hyperbaric chamber. It'll contain whatever comes out of her womb,"
In the middle of the room was a large, polished metal sphere. A thick door with a porthole was open. It was a foot thick at least. Many large tubes, pipes and cables were connected to the sphere. It had other tiny portholes as well.
Several heavily armed soldiers in hazmat suits stood by.
Behind the sphere, about a hundred yards away stood an MRI machine separated by a thick wall of glass. Many other large machines and an operating table were in another room also with glass walls. Several techs were working on the MRI machine which appeared to be smoking.
"What the hell John?" asked Eaton from a man who emerged hurriedly out of the room.
"Some sort of electromagnetic interference. We couldn't get any images. It just fried the machine!" he said.
"Impossible! There was no EMF from her body," replied Eaton.
"Nor now. It occurred only when we started the imaging. Same with the X-rays. As if it doesn't want us to see!" said the bewildered scientist.
Dr. Eaton turned to her guests. "There's much we don't know about the pregnancy,"
"By the looks of it you've lost control of the situation," said a scientist, in his early forties.
Eaton ignored him.
"Where is she?"
"Recovering in the next room. We think it best to insert her into the chamber. We've detected some permeation into her colon and breasts. I'm afraid its spread to other organs as well,"
Eaton walked briskly and the others followed. A hiss opened another eight-inch-thick door to reveal their incredible test subject, lying on an examination chair with her legs high up in stirrups. A doctor was sitting on a low stool working between her legs with an endoscope. The girl was watching the video feed on a large monitor.
"Captain Winters! These gentlemen are here to help you," said Eaton in a falsely cheerful tone.
She was fit and beautiful with straight auburn hair tied in a high ponytail. She was completely naked sans to the equipment she was wearing. She had a feeding tube inserted into one nostril which hung over her ear. Another tube entered her chest. It was currently plugged off. An IV stand with several feed bags and IV drips which were going into her arm, nose and abdomen.
Her breasts were swollen and large, and sagged to the sides of her body. A thick black fluid was dribbling from each nipple. Her large pregnant belly extended out with her navel popped. It was so unnaturally massive. Her whole body was drenched in sweat.
The woman looked up, propping herself on her elbows. " Dr. Eaton," she said in an exhausted voice.
"Dammit!" came the voice of the doctor between her legs.
"What is it Sanders?," snapped Eaton.
"Both her Colon and Cervix are blocked by some sort of growth, and it's started to coat her Esophagus as well. Look at the Colon!" he exclaimed.
They all looked at the screen. It looked like a forest of black roots blocking her anal passage. As the camera was withdrawn, they could see black roots had spread along the walls of her colon and rectum and some had emerged from her anus and begun to spread over her skin.
"What's happening to me, doctor? I feel the roots in my throat too. I can't swallow, I can't breathe. It's killing me," said the girl in a weak raspy voice. The black roots had spread to her throat as well making it difficult to speak.
There was no words of comfort from Dr.Eaton.
"We don't know about the species' life cycle. We can only assume that this is the second stage after the larval stage. How the creature is to emerge from your body remains to be seen, we need to put you in the isolation chamber now,"
"It's gonna explode out of my belly isn't it?" cried the girl.
"We don't know that Captain Winters. If it does, we'll make sure you don't suffer for long,"
In the meantime, some of the team were looking at the reports and images. One middle aged scientist, Professor Fredriksson intervened, "Vanessa, I don't think this is the case. If the larvae is matured and ready to leave its host, why is it spreading whatever this is throughout her body? It only makes expulsion from the host more difficult."
"Hmm......you have a point. But we don't know what this root-like black stuff is," said Eaton.
"What if they ARE what they appear to be? "said another in the group.
"What do you mean?" asked Eaton glancing at the girl, a new black root hand begun slowly spreading out of her nostril like thick crude oil. She was now lying on her back staring at the ceiling breathing heavily. Two nurses came in and strapped on an oxygen mask.
"I believe, that the larvae aren't about to mature and leave the host. This isn't the way they reproduce. Instead, they assimilate with the host and become one!"
Just as he finished, the girl went into cardiac arrest and seizure. The team rushed to shock her heart back to life. The first jolt sent a stream of thick black liquid as far as the ceiling. There was a look of terror in the girl's eyes.
"Quick, seal her in the chamber! GO GO GO! " yelled Eaton, wiping off the black goo from her visor. The two nurses were drenched in the stuff and so were most of those present. But miraculously, not much was on the girl herself. Whatever was splattered on her body simply got absorbed into her skin before their eyes. Without any trace.
The unconscious test subject was transported to the steel sphere. The team took care to lift her gently and place her in the middle of the chamber. As they picked her up, more thick black discharge escaped from her vagina and anus. She began to come round moaning, as the team quickly exited the sphere and sealing the door shut. Leaving two scientists in charge, the rest of the group proceeded to the decontamination chambers.