Alice
A sense of dread hung over me as Nicole and I exited the hotel room. It was the Friday after my own humiliating prom where I was so preoccupied with the latex and bondage elements hidden in the little mermaid's ball gown I wore that I failed to notice Nicole's true scheme, adapting the tulle of my dress to become transparent in the bright light of a camera flash. A discovery I only made when my official prom portrait was unveiled next to all the past prom queens. Spanning fifty years, mine was the first to have a female prom king and to my horror displayed my legs and crotch as the flash made the white tulle in the front of my dress disappear. Standing at a slight angle with Nicole's arms possessively wrapped around my waist my bare legs and the butterfly tattoo looking like panties were clearly visible making the embarrassing photo secretly obscene.
When I confronted Nicole she happily showed me the photos taken with the flash of her camera. Photos of me posing at home, at the dance and as prom queen looking like I was exposed from the waist down. The worst were the photos taken with Sally under my dress. She could clearly be seen orally pleasuring me as I posed with the runners-up and school faculty. All photos now owned by Nicole and Susan adding to their vast erotic collection.
However, for her prom Nicole had chosen new dresses; no doubt for a new adventure. Nicole still wore black, but her tuxedo inspired dress was replaced with one made of a metallic lame fabric normally used for dance wear. The halter style dress had gold bead work around the collar, bust and waist line highlighting her curves while her trademark high slit exposed her leg with every step.
Mine was a two piece dress consisting of a purple fitted crop top with an open back held together by Velcro at the collar and the strap around my back. It was paired with a high/low skirt with large ruffles in dark green that swept to the floor in back and ended mid thigh in front. A pair of strappy gold four inch stilettos completed my outfit as I was not allowed underwear. The dress was a sexy take on a mermaid. Adding to my discomfort was the fact that Nicole also had me wear the ornate gold collar she had gifted me for Christmas.
However, the most distressing part was how my body accepted it's conditioning and converted my nervousness into a state of semi arousal. With the prom being held at a hotel, Nicole had reserved a room, and we arrived right after our salon appointment to prepare. With her back to me Nicole had to wiggle her ass to get the tight dress over her hips. My eyes watching the material of her black thong disappeared as I pulled the short zipper up to her lower back as the figure hugging dress shimmered as if made of liquid. I admired the firm curve of her hips and the swell of her breasts as she turned to face me, a smile on her face as she caught me once again admiring her body.
Ashamed, I kept my head pointed at the floor as we walked to the elevator. But I couldn't keep my eyes off of her body, admiring her lean toned form and her amazing breasts on her strong athletic frame. I felt a shudder shoot through me as I focused on the enticing view of her swiveling hips and her long lean legs exposed with each confidant step. She pretended to ignore my glances but I knew she saw me looking.
As we approached the dance I saw a sea of colorful dresses and dark tuxedos. Given my infamy I thought the room would go silent and everyone would stare as we entered. However, we were mostly ignored as we moved through the room to our table. The hall was a standard hotel convention center that could be subdivided as needed. The dance utilized three sections with tables on both ends and a dance floor in the center. On the far end was a glass wall with views of the city. Our table was on the right side against the partition wall. A set of plants and a column separated us from the three tables leading to the window and two more tables were behind us before the next partition. Kathy and Jacklyn were already seated at the table with their 'dates' Scott and John. Being gay, and in the closet, Kathy and John pretended to be a couple. Once Kathy became Jacklyn's slave, Jacklyn 'officially' started dating John's boyfriend Scott allowing them to claim double dates while being with their real partners. A table for eight, Nicole moved to the seat next to Scott, with her back to the wall with me sitting to her left. To my left were two empty seats followed by John, Kathy and Jacklyn.
"Jacklyn and Scott, it's nice to see you again," stated Nicole in a play on them being at my prom last week. "It's nice that we can all be here together with our dates."
The group chuckled at the inside joke. "Well it's nice to be here with the king and queen," replied Jacklyn.
"Thank you," answered Nicole. "However I hear Kathy and John are in the running for those titles tonight.
"The fact that I'm the only cheerleader who chose her boyfriend over your date helped a lot," laughed Kathy.
"That may not be enough to get you over the top," added an authoritative purr that sent a shiver down my spine. Turning my head I spotted Susan approaching looking like elegance refined. Her hair and makeup were exquisite and the two piece shimmery dress made her look like a Hollywood starlet. The off the shoulder top with its sweetheart neckline showcased her breasts, ending a few inches above her navel. While the waistband of the floor length sheath skirt wrapped around her natural waist and clung to her hips like a second skin. A side slit exposed her leg to her upper thigh. Seizing the empty chair to my left Susan gave me a wink and crossed her legs exposing more of her thigh.
"It's good to see you cousin," greeted Nicole.
"You as well," replied Susan. "And congratulations. I understand you were elected king of Alice's prom."
"Yes," answered Nicole, "and Alice was the picture of a princess."
"Yes, I saw the photos," stated Susan with a sly grin. "It was a very 'lovely' dress."
I could only look down as my fingers nervously played with the hem of my skirt. With my mind repressed my body was responding unchecked to its conditioning, resulting in the nervousness from my situation and the presence of Susan turning to arousal. My vision was filled with my bare thighs and Susan's and Nicole's trim creamy legs and my mind focused on all the exposed flesh.
Dropping her hand to her leg I couldn't keep my eyes from focusing on Susan's smooth leg as her finger danced over her thigh. My eyes traveled with her hand as it made its way up, pulling on the slit as it went, exposing her leg almost to her hip and then over her slim waistline and finally to her ample cleavage. Her little giggle pulled me out of my trance, the humiliation from Susan's trick becoming obvious. However, my attention quickly returned to Nicole as I felt her hand gently caress my inner thigh.
Nicole smiled back as her eyes dropped to my lap. I nervously looked around the table and Nicole's antics were going unseen as everyone was deeply involved in conversation. Given our public situation there was nothing I could do, and despite my desire to remain unnoticed I let out a sharp gasp as her fingers brushed over my moist folds. Knowing I could not challenge or stop her actions I simply sat there while she stimulated my body. My breathing deepened as her finger traced my outer lips and parted them revealing the pink interior. Nervously I shifted my gaze to Susan, a mischievous smirk on her face as she watched.
I bit my lip as Nicole continued to rub her finger up and down, never penetrating me, carefully avoiding touching my clit and keeping me on edge as I squirmed in my seat. This went on throughout the evening. Nicole playing with my body, building up my arousal but never letting me get over the edge, then letting me cool down.
"Take your skirt off puppet," ordered Nicole as she slowly pulled her finger from my cavity.
My head shot up and I quickly looked around noticing that everyone from our table and the next were up dancing. "Here?" I nervously replied, my eyes wide in disbelief.
"Yes here," growled Nicole. "I want to look at that delicious body." Having already surrendered to Nicole's will I pulled at the elastic waistband of my skirt sliding it down my legs and onto the floor.
We were seated with Nicole's back to the wall and I pulled my chair out so my back was facing the dance floor. Naked from the waist down I nervously rubbed my thighs as I twisted my head to see the large crowd of people not more than fifty feet behind me.
"Very nice," purred Nicole as she picked up her phone and snapped a picture of me and the crowd in the background. "Now remove your top."
I swallowed hard as I contemplated Nicole's order. Even though Nicole made me remove my clothing in public many times I was still taken aback. This was by far the most audacious and public setting yet. Sitting in an open room with hundreds of people, my hair and the back of the chair my only cover. If anyone came to our table, or worse the one next to us, there would be no hiding.
But knowing I could never win against my mistress I reached behind my neck and pulled at the Velcro securing my top, the ripping sound filling my ears. The intent behind the simplicity of my dress now obvious as I repeated the process with the strap over my back. Removing my top I sat naked, except for my collar and heels, in the middle of Nicole's prom. Nicole smiled at my obedience as she excitedly photographed me.
"Give me a sexy pout," directed Nicole as she continued to snap photos.
"Excellent," proclaimed Nicole switching from taking photos to video, "Now caress your breast."
Unable to resist I obediently raised my hand and gently caressed my breast. Even with the loud music and the voices of the crowd I still heard the deep beating of my heart, my body throbbing to its rhythm.
"Now play with yourself," directed Nicole.
Trained to obey I moved my other hand to my crotch as the stress from my actions overrode all feelings of dread and foreboding while being recorded like some porn actress. Not wanting to anger my mistress I started to rub my hand up and down my slit pushing my finger deep into my channel. Nicole smiled back from behind her phone pleased with my performance. Catching everything and adding yet another video to the library of blackmail to be used against me.
Knowing that Nicole would not stop until she got what she wanted and knowing the longer we played this game the more likely I would be caught I started moaning and breathing heavily pretending I was getting off on my exposure and ignoring my humiliation. "Please can I cum mistress?" I panted hoping to give Nicole the conclusion she wanted.
"Yes you may," replied Nicole with a smirk.
With her permission I closed my eyes and added a second finger. Driving them in and out quickly I pinched my nipple and mimicked one of the orgasms I had given another woman many times before. With my performance complete I placed a satisfied smile on my face and opened my eyes, spotting Susan standing behind Nicole.
She let out a burst of laughter as her hand covered her mouth. "Enjoying yourself?" laughed Susan.
I nervously sat there dropping my eyes once again to the floor. "Yes," I whimper trying my best not to cry from embarrassment.
"Well if you are done I have some news," purred Susan as she slowly circled behind me, while I fought the urge to cover my nudity. "It seems that Stephanie and Paul decided to break up after your little liaison."
"I guess his ego could not take losing," stated Nicole.
"Yes, boys do not like it when they are shown up by a dedicated lesbian," continued Susan as she ran a finger up my throat lifing my chin and forcing me to look at her smiling face. "But that got me thinking about how much Stephanie enjoyed having your little pet suckle her breasts. I think Alice can convince her to let her do it on a regular basis."
"That sounds delicious," responded Nicole as her kinky mind pondered the thought.
"And given her natural attributes I think sweet Alice here can convince Stephanie to supply some of her milk as tribute for her services," continued Susan. "Say a couple pints per week."
"You want her to breast pump," inquired Nicole.
"Yes," stated Susan returning to her chair behind me. "I'm thinking that your little maid can take up baking with 'natural' ingredients."
"We can make our own cooking show," smiled Nicole.
"Delicious," laughed Susan. "Stephanie just went to the bathroom and I think your little pet can catch up to her."
"Get dressed puppet," ordered Nicole. "It looks like you have a new mission."
To Nicole, it must have looked like I was anxious to see Stephanie but I just wanted to get away. Exiting the dance I leaned against the wall trying to calm my nerves. I had just sat naked in a crowded room of teenagers and masturbated to a pretend orgasm as my girlfriend/mistress filmed me. Degrading myself simply for her enjoyment to the point where leaving to seduce another woman was the more appealing option.
At least with Stephanie it would be private, intimate without the stress of being subordinate to Nicole's kinky desires. Just the two of us and her magnificent breasts. I focused on the memory of her delicious milk as I tried to forget my pornographic display. I could feel my vagina moisten just from the memory. Hearing someone call my name interrupted my thoughts causing me to open my eyes and see the object of my fantasy.
"Stephanie, hi," I squeaked as I moved from the wall to meet my target. Her dark pink ball gown was adorned with tiny crystals and the strapless corset bodice displayed her bosom like two enormous scoops of ice cream being offered to anyone willing to indulge in them.
Stephanie let out a little giggle and playfully twisted side to side after I subconsciously licked my lips as I gazed at her chest. "Quick in here," stated Stephanie, realizing we were still in a semi public space pulling me through the doors beside us. The room was a second smaller hall set up with tables around the dance floor but with a raised table along the window with two ornate throne-like chairs obviously for a wedding reception. Stephanie pulled me to the center of the dance floor where she stopped and turned to face me. The noise from the prom now just playing quietly in the background as we stood in the middle of the empty dance floor. Her blonde hair set in an up-do exposing her lovely neck while her bright pink lips framed her white teeth and her beep blue eyes gazed back at mine.
"Hi," purred Stephanie, breaking the silence.
"Hi," I replied in a soft voice still coming to grips with the arousal I was feeling towards the young woman. "I'm sorry to hear about you and Paul."
"That's okay," replied Stephanie. We're going to different colleges and planned to break up at the end of summer, so we came to the prom as friends. It just means I'm a single girl a little sooner than planned. Closing the distance between us Stephanie wrapped her arms around my back and neck pulling me slowly towards her. I didn't resist and our lips met. My hands found their way to her cleavage, and she moaned into my mouth as I pressed against her chest.
Breaking the kiss we were both breathing heavily and Stephanie made no attempt to stop me as I reached behind her and pulled the zipper of her dress. As I was unclasping her bra Stephanie lifted her hands to cup her breasts and hold up her dress. With a flirty smile she pulled the dress away exposing her magnificent orbs. My mouth watered at the sight.
"I have been leaking ever since the last time we met," revealed Stephanie as I noticed the nursing pads in the cups of her bra and the discharge on her nipples.
Leaning forward I cupped one of her breasts relishing the feel of her milk laden mammary as I took her nipple into my mouth and massaged it with my tongue slightly nibbling on it. Stephanie sighed a beautifully feminine sound as she held the back of my head. Her ragged breathing turned into moans as I suckled on her tit and was rewarded with the milk I craved.
"Oh god," panted Stephanie as I switched to her other breast. "That feels so good." The desperation evident in her voice as her body came close to cumming just by me drinking from her breasts. Knowing I could bring her over the edge I waited for the right moment and lovingly bit down on her nipple as I pinched the other. Her body jerked several times, and she collapsed on my shoulders as her body orgasmed.
Dropping to her knees Stepanie sat before me, her breasts exposed as she attempted to regain her senses. "That was amazing," breathed Stephanie, pulling my hand to help her stand. "That was the best orgasm I've ever had. Can we please do it again?"
"We can do it every week," I responded as I reached out and caressed her face. "But I will require that you supply me with a couple pints of your delicious milk in return."
"You want me to start breast pumping?" asked Stephanie.
"Yes," I growled as I caressed her breast, her nipples hardening once more.
"Okay," answered Stephanie, her breathing becoming shallower as she became aroused. "Please close me up. I have to change my pads."
I kept my head down as I moved back to Nicole's table, embarrassed by my perceived walk of shame. Knowing that both Susan and Nicole knew I had just suckled the breasts of another woman.
"You look like a woman who had just overindulged," giggled Susan.
"Well I'm glad my little girl has satisfied her craving," purred Nicole placing her finger under my chin and turning me to face her before wiping away a drop of Stephanie's milk.
While I wanted to hide in my anguish Nicole wanted to hear all about my conquest. So as Susan listened and Nicole caressed my thigh I gave a recap of my time with Stephanie. My hopes that the worst was over were dashed as they crowned the prom king and queen. Kathy and John beat out Susan and her date. As the school secretly crowned a gay couple, their true dates Jacklyn and Scott were cheering at our table. However, it was Hannah and Jessica who used the distraction to catch Nicole's eye that started my next escapade.
Both were cheerleaders I fucked with a strap-on in a competition against their boyfriends. Using Kathy's knowledge of her fellow cheerleaders Nicole guessed Jessica had submissive desires and Hannah dominant tendencies. So Nicole fitted my bed with leather restraints for our rendezvous. Just as Nicole had guessed Jessica was a true sub and Hannah relished binding me to the bed and ravishing me.
As a result of the competition both Hannah and Jessica broke up with their boyfriends and were attending the prom as friends. A status Nicole was keen to change. Taking my hand and a smile at the potential couple Nicole led me out of the hall followed by a commanding Hannah and a nervous Jessica. Using me as a lure Nicole pulled me towards the doors to the wedding hall I had described.
As Hannah and Jessica trailed us in, the three women looked around the room like three young girls just left home alone by their parents while I examined Hannah and Jessica. It was obvious that they chose their dresses with their former boyfriends in mind. Hannah with her tall athletic build wore a black dress with gold embellishments that complemented her wavy black hair. The illusion neckline and mesh midriff gave the bodilace a look of sexiness while the skirt with its short hem showed off her legs. Jessica, who was close enough to my body size that I acquired two of her old cheer uniforms for Nicole's fetish play, was dressed like the slutty prom date of every boy's dreams. The long sleeved figure hugging dress had a very short hemline but it was the fact that it was mainly sheer with strategically placed silver crystals over her chest and hips that made it so risqué. The crystals at the collar, hem and cuff of the sleeves doing more to highlight her exposure than to help protect her modesty.
"This room is amazing," gasped Jessica as she walked along the empty dance floor looking out the large picture windows.
"And they even have the dresses," squealed Hannah as we walked over to a luggage rack holding five gray garment bags and one white.
The three women giggled at the design of the five deep blue dresses but were in awe of the wedding dress. The long sleeve off the shoulder white gown had a tight bodice covered with crystal embellishments that matched Jessica's dress and a floor length ball gown skirt.
"I think it's my size," announced Jessica as she held the dress against her body.
"That means it should be in your size as well, puppet," purred Nicole.
Moments later I stood topless as I held my breath and pushed my skirt over my hips. The gasps from both Jessica and Hannah expected.
"You have a butterfly tattoo," shouted Jessica.
"She also has a tattoo over her ass saying she is a lesbian sex slave," added Hannah who was standing behind me.
"Seriously," shouted Jessica as she scurried around me.
I stood there quietly as they inspected the markings on my body labeling me as someone I was not but pretended to be. All the while knowing the reaction would be the same from anyone seeing me naked and knowing I could never let a boy see this.
"You made her get a tattoo proclaiming her as your sex slave," inquired Hannah to Nicole.
"No," answered Nicole. "Sweet little Alice got it on her own when she went to Vegas. Sort of her coming out souvenir."
My trip was due to Nicole's biker friend Trish winning me in a football pool where she took me to Las Vegas for the weekend. After having me seduce a showgirl and performing anal Trish pimped me out to a married MILF making me orally pleasure her in her and her husbands hotel room. Drunk, I did not remember anything after that and returned home with the tattoo.
After the surprise wore down Jessica held the dress open and Hannah helped me step in. As the dress was pulled up over my hips and my arms into the sleeves I was relieved to be dressed again but tormented to be wearing the wedding gown meant for another woman's big day. As Hannah finished buttoning up the back the three stood back admiring my metamorphosis into a blushing bride. I obediently followed Nicole's instructions as I posed around the room as well as the wedding backdrop where I posed with Nicole and then Hannah before Jessica was summoned up. Nicole directed us to hold each other's hands and look into each other's eyes as she and Hannah clicked away.
Jessica smiled nervously as we looked at each other and with my conditioning firmly in control I took the opportunity to admire her face. Her doe-like eyes were done in a charcoal eye shadow with tiny sparkles that complemented both her dress and her light brown hair which spilled down her back and framed her face beautifully. It must have taken hours to style. Her seductive lips parted in a smile exposing her perfect white teeth which caused me to smile back and caused my arousal to return.
I couldn't help thinking of the image we portrayed. Me in a hijacked wedding dress and Jessica in the sexed up version looking like two brides exchanging wedding vows, the ultimate portrayal of love. Without thinking, I slowly leaned forward and kissed Jessica softly on the lips. While nervous Jessica reciprocated and what started as a tender kiss gradually became more passionate. Breaking the kiss I was treated again to Jessica's gorgeous smile before she let out a nervous giggle from our naughty act.
"That was fantastic," roared Hannah, obviously excited by the spectacle Jessica and I had made.
"Yes," agreed Nicole as the DJ announced the final song at the prom, "and I think it is appropriate that the lovely couple have the last dance,"
"An excellent idea, added Hannah as they made their way to the bride and groom table where Nicole took the groom's chair and Hannah the bride's. Neither of us argued with the request as I led Jessica to the center of the empty dance floor, and we wrapped our arms around each other gently swaying to the distant music. I could feel her arousal feeding my own as we held each other. As the song ended we looked again into each other's eyes and engaged in another sensual kiss to the applause and cheering of the prom attendees. As the noise from the other room slowly drifted away Jessica and I stood nervously on the dance floor both of us subservient to the wills of our dates.
"Jessica, I want you to face us as Alice removes your dress," ordered Nicole as she pressed us to go to the next level.
"It will be okay, I whispered, as I turned Jessica to face our mistresses knowing it was just easier to accept them being in charge, "just don't think."
Just like when she came to my house I stood behind Jessica admiring how the dress accentuated her ass and I found myself running my hand over her hip and the smooth curve of her butt before reaching up and pulling the zipper, this time to present her body to our audience of two.
Jessica's breathing was heavy, but she remained still as the zipper made its way down her back revealing the black thong I made her leave after I fucked her and Hannah absconded with after she left me bound to my bed. With the full skirt of the wedding dress I was unable to bend and just gracefully held her hand as she stepped out of the discarded dress. I couldn't resist and gazed at her firm breasts, soft and inviting capped by her hardened nipples, her tummy and her panty covered mound. The soft material pulled tight revealing a camel toe with a glistening stain betraying her state of arousal. I liked my lips remembering the taste of her sweet nectar.
With a curl of Nicole's finger I led a nearly naked Jessica towards our dates, the petticoats of the wedding dress rustling as we approached. Sitting on her throne Hannah reached out and took Jessica's hand. Standing slightly behind her my eyes drifted back to Jessica's heart shaped ass with the material on the thong wedged tightly up her crack.
"Beautiful isn't she," purred Nicole. "As your college roommate she can be all yours. An obedient pet to clean your dorm and attend to your needs. You admitted that Alice was a better lover than any man and I know you must have enjoyed Alice's experienced tongue. Just imagine having that for the next four years."
I could see the temptation on Hannah's face. Hannah, a heterosexual woman deciding whether to take another woman as her sex slave. A girl she had been friends with for the last several years. A fellow cheerleader who was a flyer, and she the base, lifting her high into the air looking up her skirt at her slender legs and placing her hands on her cute butt.
"Alice can teach her," continued Nicole. "Instruct her on how to orally pleasure you, mentor her into becoming the perfect pet. She can be your pet pussy kneeling before you lapping up your juices as you sit before her, just as you are now, obediently following your every command."
"Kneel," commanded Hannah, the lust obvious in her voice. It was a simple command but spoke volumes about the shift in power that had just occurred. Hannah was now the mistress and Jessica her slave.
Jessica obeyed taking her position as instructed between Hannah's open legs. Embarrassed to meet Hannah's gaze Jessica stared at Hannah's dress as she slowly pulled up the hem revealing her panty covered crotch soaked with her own secretions.
My pulse was pounding as Jessica reached up and slowly peeled the panties over Hannah's hips exposing her pussy. Her glistening public hairs matted over her engorged lips while her clit poked out of the dense mat.
Unable to tear my eyes away I dropped to my knees beside Jessica, the wedding gown bunching between us. Raising my hand I caress Jessica's back. "It's okay, you can do this," I whisper as I gently push her forward until Jessica's cheeks pressed between Hannah's thighs. Hannah shifted in her seat to give her better access.
In the back of my mind, a voice cried out, telling me I should not be doing this. That Jessica, Hannah and I were all heterosexual and I should not be distorting their emotions. But the endorphins running wild through my body made it easy to block it out.
"With a wet tongue lick her slit from the bottom to the top," I instruct. "Long slow licks tasting her secretions and getting her to make more."
Hannah let out a soft moan as I heard the sounds of Jessica lapping at her pussy. I kept giving her encouraging tips as my fingertips crept towards her heart shaped ass. Grasping the sides of her panties I pull them over her narrow waist and down her thighs. Jessica shuffles as I maneuver them under her knees and down her legs before giving them to Nicole's waiting hand to reclaim the prize. Jessica moaned softly into Hannah's thighs as my fingertips brushed over her ass.
"Focus," I directed. "When her juices begin to thicken she is ready. Then start probing her with your tongue. Drive it deep inside her channel until your nose is against her clit and wiggle it back and forth."
Hannah's moans became louder as she was anxious to move but needed to remain in position for Jessica's to bring her to fulfillment. Jessica continued her assault spurred on by my finger pushing into her wet cavity mimicking how her tongue should move.
"Good girl," I breathed. "You are doing very well. Just keep licking and bring her closer to climax. Can't you feel the walls of her vagina squeezing your tongue working towards that crest."
Jessica continued pleasuring Hannah while Hannah's cries of joy and Jessica's licking and slurping filled the room. Soon Hannah began convulsing and Jessica gasped from the sudden increased flow of juices from her orgasm. Extracting my finger I grasp the back of her head holding her against Hannah's crotch. "Just swallow it, try not to lose any."
As Hannah's breathing slowed I released the back of Jessica's head, and she pulled back gasping for breath. Turning towards me I lean down and kiss her tasting Hannah on her lips.
"See that wasn't so bad," I soothed.
"Bad, that was fucking fantastic," breathed Hannah. "You will definitely be doing a lot more of that."
"Just imagine how good she will be after Alice completes her training," stated Nicole. "Now the three of you stand up. Jessica, help Alice remove the wedding dress and put it on. Then Alice will demonstrate what you need to learn."
With that Jessica stood up and began undoing the buttons at the back of the dress. Pulling my arms out of the sleeves the dress was quickly a pile at my feet. Jessica stepped in as soon as I was out and pulling the borrowed dress up over her hips before turning for Hannah to button her up. Jessica now stood before us as the blushing bride anxious to be ravaged by her lover. Taking the bride's seat Jessica pulled up the hem of the dress exposing her legs and pussy.
Knowing what I had to do I knelt between her legs and extended my moistened tongue and began to lick between the folds of her lips. Jessica released a deep moan as I tasted her familiar secretions.
As the prom was over and their limo was waiting Hannah pulled Jessica to the clothing rack and removed the wedding dress placing it back into the bag for the unsuspecting bride. As Hannah looked out to the dance floor at Jessica's abandoned dress Nicole pointed to mine laying on the table next to them. With a knowing smile Hannah quickly helped Jessica into my dress and blew a kiss before opening the door and disappearing into the hallway.
On shaky legs I walked towards Jessica's discarded dress knowing I had just condemned a straight woman to four years of sexual servitude to another female. "Not so fast," stated Nicole as I picked up the dress. "Lets have some fun before we head up to our room."
Just as with the wedding dress, Nicole had me pose around the room, only this time naked. After dozens of shots Nicole led me to the door and surveyed the lobby.
"Okay, walk over to the bench," ordered Nicole.
I stood there in stunned silence, trying to come to terms that she wanted me to walk out in public naked. The fact that I participated in bringing three women to orgasm and saturated a woman's wedding dress on the chair she was to sit for her reception with female cum was bad enough, now I had to expose myself in public.
A questioning look from Nicole pulled me from my fears and I leaned my head out. There were a few couples still walking around the lobby, but they were on the other side. We were in the corner by the back and the bench Nicole wanted me to walk to was between us and the elevators. If I could make it I would be semi hidden so taking a deep breath I started walking. Upon reaching the bench I quickly sat down and Nicole stopped recording and slowly sauntered towards me as I nervously looked over my shoulder at the remaining guests. The bench was set up between two plants and a low divider wall behind it with a second bench on the other side. From where I was sitting only my hair could be seen.
"Relax and smile," purred Nicole holding up her phone to take a picture of me sitting nude with the hotel lobby and people as a background. "Excellent. Now slouch down, drape your arms along the top of the bench and open your legs nice and wide."
It felt like an eternity as I was posed by Nicole, naked in the open lobby as she indulged her fetish. With Jessica's dress draped over her arm and my shoes in hand Nicole clipped the leash to my collar and led me towards the elevators. I stood with Nicole between me and the lobby, hoping to use her body as cover while we waited. When the elevator dinged I didn't even wait to see if anyone was inside, rushing through the opening door for the relative safety of the small room like a puppy pulling its master as she was taken on a walk. Nicole snapped another picture of me looking like a scared rabbit before entering and pressing the 5th floor.
"Okay puppet, room 518," ordered Nicole as she ushered me out of the elevator expecting me to lead the way. Holding my leash taunt Nicole controlled my pace as we walked toward our room. "Don't forget to sway those hips," ordered Nicole. "Work it, or we will need to go back down and start over." Not wanting to relive this, I slowed down and started a very sultry strut as she filmed my procession down the hallway. Reaching the door Nicole pulled out the room card and placed it in the slot. I felt a sense of relief as I heard the lock click. Rushing into the room I took a deep breath to calm my nerves no longer caring that I could be seen through the open door.
"That was fun," laughed Nicole as she tossed my shoe and dress on the chair.
"Fun is not the word I would use," I breathed, still shaken from the experience.
"Exciting then," added Nicole as she opened the door connecting our room to Kathy and Jacklyn's.
"Where were you guys?!" shouted Kathy as she rushed into the room still wearing the prom queen sash and tiara.
"We got sidetracked," responded Nicole, pulling Kathy in for a kiss.
"Wow, you're already naked," purred Jacklyn as her eyes roamed over my body, reminding me that I was the only naked person in the room.
"She's been like that ever since we left the prom," smiled Nicole.
"Damn girl! That's wild!" shouted Kathy.
I just nervously smiled and let Kathy talk excitedly about being crowned prom queen.
"You know we have two prom queens and a king," stated Nicole as she opened her suitcase and pulled out the sashes and crowns from my prom. "Why don't you get dressed puppet, and we'll take a few pictures."
Obeying her command I slipped on Jessica's dress, relieved to finally be wearing something. As I zipped it up Nicole draped my sash over my head.
"Isn't that Jessica's dress?" questioned Kathy.
"Yes," smiled Nicole. "Like I said we got sidetracked."
"You had sex with Jessica?" squealed Kathy.
"Jessica and Stephanie," replied Nicole. "Jessica went down on Hannah."
"Seriously," gasped Kathy. "I've wanted to do them for years and you've what; done each one three times?"
"Why didn't you take Jessica for yourself?" inquired Jacklyn. "Have a little harem. Not to mention your two slaves could wear the same clothes."
"You know how I like to share the love," smiled Nicole thinking about how she also controlled Alice's mother and April the woman all three were having an affair with. "Hannah and Jessica are planning to be roommates next year so it's perfect. Besides, we will be enjoying the two of them over the summer as Alice here trains Jessica to be a good pussy licker. Right, puppet?"
"Yes mistress," I replied meekly knowing I needed to train another heterosexual woman on how to pleasure women.
"In that case how about we swap for the night?" asked Jacklyn. "How about it. Do you want the prom queen to go down on you?"
"Now that sounds good," purred Nicole as she placed the crown from my prom on her head. "After all it does sound right to have the queen service the king."
After Nicole was happy with her photo shoot Jacklyn took me by the hand and led me back to the room she shared with Kathy closing the adjoining door and separating me from my mistress. Leaning back Jacklyn had a sinful smile on her face as she focused on me. I looked at the floor nervously, trapped in a hotel room with a dominant lesbian in a borrowed dress and a pair of high heels.
"Well it seems I have you again, my sweet," growled Jacklyn as she strutted towards me like a lioness taunting her prey. "While I fantasized about having the prom queen I never in my wildest dreams imagined I would have two. It may be a week overdue but it still counts." Reaching out she grabbed a handful of hair and pulled me in for an aggressive kiss. "Now let's get you out of Jessica's dress." Naked once more Jacklyn laid me on the bed and caressed my body.
"I so love your tattoo," stated Jacklyn as she traced the butterfly now surrounding my vagina. The colorful wings spelling out 'GIRLS ONLY' while my vaginal lips made its body. "I do enjoy playing with you. Kathy is hot but she makes a terrible bottom. Always trying to be in control, unlike you who knows and loves her place. I envy you and Nicole. You get to explore your desires without the need to keep it a secret. Seducing and playing with so many girls. Experimenting in so many things. So now there is a new thing I want to try." With that Jacklyn hiked up her dress and removed her underwear giving me a view of her moist pussy.
"Nicole had told me about your skills at anal play," continued Jacklyn in a husky voice.
Suddenly my entire vision was consumed by her shapely rear as she straddled my body facing my feet. Many emotions were running through my head. A girl was about to sit on my face and my basic feelings were fear and arousal. Shocked by how my mind and body was processing this, I looked at her naked ass and reached out to gently caress her large rump, the physical touch arousing me even more. My heart was pounding and my breathing became heavy as Jacklyn slowly lowered herself on my face. As she worked herself into position my nose became wedged in her crack and my mouth positioned just below her rosebud.
"Rim me," ordered Jacklyn as she relaxed her legs, placing her weight on my face.
With no choice I pressed my lips to her anus and gave a gentle kiss. Jacklyn twitched as my lips made contact, but she did not let up the pressure on my face. Knowing there was no undoing the deed, I gave in to the depravity of the act and began to worship Jacklyn's ass, pushing my face deeper between her cheeks and pressing my lips against her rose bud once more, wiggling my tongue over the tight orifice. Jacklyn squealed in delight and leaned forward relaxing her sphincter allowing my tongue to slip in. Her rectum squeezing my tongue as I continued the obscene oral-anal french kiss.
"Deeper!" grunted Jacklyn as she squirmed over my face.
Lifting my chin I pushed my tongue probing her rear cavity applying more pressure against its resistance. Extending as deep as it would go I started to twist and pulsate my tongue. As I started to get light-headed Jacklyn squealed in delight and collapsed to my side allowing me to breath.
"That was amazing," gasped Jacklyn. "I cannot believe I came from that."
For me it felt like a new level of depravity. I was no longer just kissing girls, or orally pleasuring women. I was stimulating their asses with my mouth. It was all too much and I needed to return to some state of normality even if it was orally pleasuring my mistress.
As Jacklyn, Kathy, John and Scott had to return home, I spent the rest of the night pleasuring Nicole. Happily eating out her cunt to several powerful climaxes trying to forget what I did with Jacklyn. All through the night Nicole kept me on edge discussing her plans for me over the summer. It seemed I would be moving in with her and she had lined up a few things for me. I agreed to them all as Nicole brought me to climax extinguishing the lust that had consumed me all night.
Nicole
I led Alice by her hand through the lobby wearing Jessica's risqué prom dress. While I really wanted to do it by her leash I knew it would be pushing our luck. Alice was already the center of attention wearing a party dress from the night before so everyone knew what she did last night. Besides, there would be plenty of time for us to play now that it was summer.
I told Alice last night that she would be moving in with me secretly of course, as I had already introduced April, the stripper who we seduced, to my parents as my girlfriend Alice. Janet, Alice's mother and my lover already knew and agreed to the move. April was also Janet's lover and was playing the role of her daughter feeding my fantasy of a mommy daughter relationship. In fact, I had organized a special trip for Alice where she would be traveling as April while Janet took April using her daughter's ID on a graduation trip to Mexico.
While I had a strong desire to see Alice have sex with her mother, I didn't want to destroy their relationship. However, it was a suggestion Susan presented me while Alice was with Stephanie that held my attention. Her idea was to basically make them have sex but not realize it was with each other. As I thought about it, I saw a group of young women walking into the hotel. The blond in the center matching Alice's body and wearing a 'Bride to be' tee shirt. As we passed she gave me a little smile and my thoughts went back to what we did with Emily and Krista, the two bachelorettes I met in Vegas who were now married. Looking at Alice the smile returned to my face. What she doesn't know can't hurt her.