It was about 10:00 AM Sunday morning and I'd just returned back to the house from a quick run to grocery store when I heard the phone ring as I walked through the door. Apparently, my husband, Jim, and I must have answered the phone at the same time -- him from upstairs in our bedroom, and me from the kitchen.
As I pulled the phone toward my ear, I was about to say 'Hello' when I realized Jim had picked it up. "Hey man!" I heard, Steve, our neighbor say. My husband answered with, "Well, how were they?"
"Damn, Jim," Steve said, "your wife's panties are always fine. You know that."
"My panties!" I thought, quite shocked to hear them discussing my underwear.
"Yeah, I knew you'd like 'em." I heard my husband say as they laughed together. "I asked Beth to wear them when we went to bed last night. I played with her a long time to get them that wet for you. Then we fucked like rabbits. I was so fucking hard knowing you were going to get them."
"Well," Steve said, "it did the trick. They were still sticky when you gave them to me this morning."
I was dumbfounded. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. But, then again, there was a part of me that could definitely believe it. So, wondering what was going on, I silently listened to the rest of their conversation.
"Did you cum in them?" Jim asked.
"Of course." Steve said, laughing. "I knew you'd want me to."
"It's the next best thing!" Jim replied, and they both laughed deeply. "Hey, Beth ran out to the store this morning without taking a shower. Maybe I can get the panties she has on now for you. They probably have a good mixture of both of us. Want me to try?"
"Hell yes!" Steve answered. "Like you said, it's the next best thing."
"The next best thing to what?" I asked myself as I listened carefully.
"Tell you what.....", Steve added, "you get those for me, and I'll find a time to catch Shelly alone sometime this morning. Like, maybe in the kitchen. I'll just bend her over the counter, push her panties to the side and slip it in her from behind. She loves it when I do something spontaneous like that. I won't let her take a shower for a while, then when she does, I'll get her messy panties and we can trade 'em later this afternoon. Does that work for you?"
"Oh!" I gasped, covering the phone so they wouldn't know I was eavesdropping. I listened to the rest of their conversation as they made their plan, and then I waited until they'd both hung up before I did.
I guess I really wasn't that surprised at what I heard. I wasn't mad, either.
Jim is a good husband and I know he loves me. I also know he doesn't look at other women and he's totally devoted to me. A wife just knows these things. We have a strong relationship, and I think that's because we've always been open and honest with each other about what we want in the bedroom.
For example, Jim knows I've always had some exhibitionist tendencies, and every now and then, we do something insanely wild like going to the mall with no panties on, and he'll watch while I shop for shoes, teasing some poor salesman with little peeks between my legs, or, sit across from some man in the food court and innocently let my knees fall open. Then, we'll run home and spend the next two hours fucking each other silly. I know he loves watching me do that just as much as I enjoy doing it.
He's told me before how much he gets off knowing other men are looking at me. He said it makes him proud to know other guys are getting hard and lusting over his wife. Once, just for fun, I asked him, jokingly of course, if it would turn him on to see me tease another man right in front of him - I mean really let a guy get a good look up my skirt with no panties on while Jim was right there..... right next to me. He got this huge grin on his face and said he'd love it.
Then, seeing how far he'd go with it, I said, "What if I was to be with another man and have sex with him. Would that turn you on?"
I expected him to say 'No', but, I couldn't believe how quickly he said the whole idea of that was kind of hot to him.
"Would you really do that?" Jim asked.
"No way!" I answered. "But if it turns you on that much, I might be willing to pretend."
So, that night when we got in bed, I teased him -- telling him I might be late coming home from work tomorrow because I needed to make a stop on the way home. Off the top of my head, I concocted this story about how one of my old boyfriends called me at work and said he was in town for business, and asked if I wanted to get together for a drink..... for old times sake.
I played it up pretty big, rubbing his cock under the covers while I told Jim this old boyfriend and I used to have sex three or four times a day when we were in college, and how he had this huge, thick, magnificent cock. While I said all this, Jim grew silent listening to me, and his cock got harder and harder. After a while, I got on top of him, and gently rocked on top of his cock. During all of this, I kept teasing him while I rode him. I told him I might be late and not to wait up for me. I pushed him further, telling him I might need to take a shower before I came to bed. I couldn't believe the things I said. He knew I was just feeding his fantasy with all my made up dirty talk, but, I couldn't believe how much he was getting into it.
Without saying anything blatant, I eluded to the fact that this old boyfriend might want to have sex with me. All during my teasing, Jim's cock stayed rock hard and I rode him for a full thirty minutes and had four wonderful orgasms grinding down on him. When I was so tired I couldn't ride him any longer, I got on my back, pulled him into me, and he made love to me with a passion I dearly loved.
The next morning while we were getting ready for work, I sauntered up next to him, pushed my hand down inside his boxers, and in the most playful tone I could muster, I asked, "You're sure you don't mind if I stay out a while tonight, honey?"
He instantly got hard and replied, "Sure, that's fine, Beth. You won't be too late, will you?"
"Hmm, I'm not sure." I said, gripping his cock and stroking it lightly. "Probably not too late."
That whole day at work was a blur for me. I spent all day thinking about what must be going through Jim's mind. I wanted to call him and tease him a little, but, I held off. It ended up that I actually had to work a couple of hours late on a new account, and then went to the mall, had a Chinese dinner at the food court, and just walked around and window shopped. When it got to be 9:00 PM, I got in my car and drove home. I stopped at a liquor store off the freeway and bought one of those tiny little bottles of alcohol -- some cheap and dreadfully strong gin.
Once I pulled into our subdivision, I pulled over to the side of the road just long enough to mess my hair up a little, smudge my eye make up, and take a tiny sip from the gin. Then, pulling back onto the road, I drove to our house, parked the car in the garage and went inside.
Jim was sitting in the living room, channel surfing when I came in. I pretended I wanted to get upstairs right away, but, he cornered me at the foot of the stairs leading up to our bedroom and looked me over. I'm sure he could smell the gin, and I think that caused him to wonder what I'd been up to. But, what he did next is what really blew me away.
Turning me toward the stairs, he told me to bend over. "Lean over and put your hands on the stairs, Beth!" He said, gruffly. When I turned around, his hands yanked my skirt up above my waist, and not more than one second later, he pulled my panties down to my knees.
I bit my lip trying not to laugh as he kneeled down, reached between my legs and spread me open as far as my panties would let him. Then, before I could catch my breath, he buried his face in my pussy from behind and he literally ate me to two strong orgasms. I was panting and shaking as he pressed his face into me, making these absolutely obscene sucking and licking sounds. After I came the second time, he stood up, dropped his jeans and his underwear and fucked me just like I was -- from behind, bent over on the stairs with my panties pulled down.
Poor Jim, he didn't last very long at all. After just two minutes he was grunting and straining and cuming inside me so forcefully, I thought my legs were going to buckle.
Once he came, I just knew he'd pull out and give me a chance to stand up, and make sure he knew it was all a joke, but, he wasn't done yet. To my amazement, he dove back between my legs and spent another ten minutes licking, kissing and sucking my pussy clean from behind, eating up his own cum. I was in total shock at my wild man husband was doing.
Once he was finally done, he sat back on his heels and I turned around to see him sitting there with a mixture of my juice and his sperm all over his face. There was just something about the messy look of his face, and the fact that he so willingly licked me out, that I practically dived on top of him, smothering him with kisses as we rolled around all over the carpet. We were attacking each other with our kisses, and once we stopped to take a breath, I could feel his cock was hard again as I lay on top of him.
Kicking my shoes off and pulling my panties the rest of the way off, I reached down and guided his cock into me. Then, once his cock was all the way inside me, I leaned forward, pressed my panties into his face and started to grind my hips into him.
"Do you want to hear about my night, Sweetheart?" I whispered.
"Fuck, yes!" Jim gasped.
"Well, uh," I replied, "did you taste anything strange back there? Anything that didn't taste like me or you?"
That's all I needed to say. He began to buck up into me, gripping my hips and fucking me as hard as he could from below me.
"Come on, Baby." I urged him. "Fuck me hard. Make me yours again. Show me how much you love me."
As he thrust up into me, I rubbed my pussy down on him and squeezed his cock as hard as I could. Time after time he fucked up into me as I held my panties against his face, taunting him, telling him he was the best fuck I'd had tonight. We went at for another fifteen minutes until I came, and miraculously, he came again, too.
Lying exhausted across his chest once we were finally done, I smiled down at him and he smiled back. Then, when I started to giggle and raise up off him, he stopped me and pulled me down into a very loving hug and whispered, "Thanks, Beth. That was so hot. I love you."
We spent the next week fucking everywhere in the house whenever we were close to each other, riding the high from my little game that night. Several times I wanted to tell him the truth -- that I just worked late and went to the mall, but, in my heart, I knew he trusted me, and quite honestly, I didn't want to ruin his fantasy. He never brought it up, so neither did I.
That week seemed to unleash something between us, and we started to expand our little pretend games to include my secret exhibitionist desires and his fantasy of me being with another man. We created these mini fantasies while we had sex -- him telling me he was going to expose me in different ways, and me telling him I was going to take a lover so I could have more cock.
Other things changed after that night, too. For one thing, it became a regular part of our sex play for him to lick me, and clean my pussy after we fucked. And, he became a lot more interested in my underwear. Sometimes, he'd just pull me in front of him, pull my skirt up, or my pants down, and press his head into my crotch. That would always end up with me on my back with my legs spread while he licked and sucked my panties. I loved the attention, and I loved seeing him turned on so much.
So, you see -- I wasn't that surprised to hear Steve and Jim's conversation on the phone. I know boys will be boys, but, I was a little surprised Jim would give something as intimate as my panties to his best friend. There was something that really confused me, though -- what did they mean "It's the next best thing?" And, why did they seem to be okay trading panties with each other's cum on them?
Shelly, Steve's wife, and I were good friends, and I mean really good friends. When they moved in next to us, I grew so close to her, it was like she became the sister I never had. We shared each other's secrets, problems and joys. And when our husbands hit it off and became friends, both of us were happy about it. They played golf together, went to the hardware store together, and Steve even got Jim to start working out at the gym with him.
When they went to work out together, Shelly would come over to our house, or, I'd go over there and we'd watch a chick flick or just hang out until they came back. Personally, I loved it when they went to the gym because my husband always came home all pumped up with testosterone and he'd chase me around the house all night with a hard on, begging me for some attention.
Shelly and Steve had a good marriage, too, and over the years we'd all grown quite close and comfortable with each other. Standing in the kitchen after listening to Steve and Jim's phone call, I wondered if Shelly knew about any of this panty trading. Probably not.
I put all my groceries away and Jim came down stars a few minutes later. "Back already?" Jim asked.
"I didn't have much to pick up." I answered, as Jim came up behind me and pressed his body into me. Then, wrapping his arms around me, he nuzzled his nose into my neck and said, "Thanks for last night, Beth. You always make sex so special for me, and I love you so much for that."
I had to smile. He was a crazy man last night, for sure. Then, thinking of his conversation with Steve, I decided I'd have a little fun with him.
"Hmm, I enjoyed it, too." I said. "In fact, I may treat myself and go up to soak in the bath for a while and shave my legs, Honey. Then, maybe I'll just lounge around in some skimpy panties all day. Would that bother you?"
"Are you kidding? That sounds perfect!" Jim exclaimed. "The only thing is, Steve might pop by for a few minutes later on."
"Well," I said, turning around and acting surprised, "better tell me before he comes. I'd hate for your best friend to see me in my sexy little panties." I looked right at him when I said it, and put a look of mock warning on my face.
"He'd probably love that, you know." Jim replied.
"You think so?" I asked, looking up at him inquisitively.
"I know so." He said. "He thinks you're pretty hot. He'd give his left nut to get a chance to see you in your panties."
"He'd probably go running over and tell Shelly, and then she'd be mad at me." I said, poking my elbow into his ribs. "I bet you wouldn't mind him seeing me, though."
"I can guarantee he'd never say a word." Jim said, laughing. "And, why should I mind if he sees you? I have a beautiful and sexy wife whom I'm very proud of, and it wouldn't be much different than that bathing suit you wore around him last summer."
"Besides," Jim added, "if there's anyone we could trust, it would be Steve."
"Maybe so," I said, "but, I feel like taking it easy today, so after I get out of the bath, I'm going to toss on a t-shirt with no bra, and just a pair of panties. And, Jim," I added, "I've got no intention of running up the stairs to hide if he comes over, so, if you let him in, it's totally your fault."
With that, I kissed him and left the kitchen. On the way up the stairs, I chuckled to myself with the way I just teased him. I realized my words were darn close to an implied permission to let Steve inside the house. But, I wasn't worried. Steve and Shelly were our closest friends, and Jim was right, I did wear a bathing suit that was pretty small in front of Steve.
So, armed with the knowledge Jim just might let Steve in, I went right to my underwear drawer and found a nice pair of full coverage silky panties that covered more than last year's bathing suit did. And if, for some strange reason, Steve happened to see me in them, then it was Jim's fault, not mine. As I was thinking this, though, I remembered the reason Steve was coming by in the first place - my husband was going to give him the panties I had on now -- the ones that might have combined remnants of our lovemaking from last night.
I don't deny I was more than a little bit excited about Steve seeing me in my panties. I wasn't sure if this was Jim just tugging on the strings of my own exhibitionist fantasies, or if it might be for his own, or Steve's erotic benefit. But, it didn't matter to me. If Steve came over and saw me, I'd enjoy it, and I think Jim would enjoy showing me off, and I'm sure Steve would enjoy seeing me. So, all in all, it was good for everyone.
I undressed in the bedroom and threw all my clothes in the dirty clothes hamper, burying my panties at the bottom. Then, yelling down to Jim, I asked him to come up for a minute. When came into the bedroom, I was bending over the bed, pulling the sheets up and smoothing them out. Sneaking up behind me, he slapped my butt playfully and laughed.
I jumped when I felt the mild sting, and turned around to lovingly scold him. Wrapping his arms around me, he asked me if I was getting in the bath, and I told him I was. "Maybe I'll shave my pussy, too." I said to Jim. "Would you like to have a nasty night again tonight? Maybe we can play one of our pretend games. How about pretending Steve is watching us fuck?"
"Ooohhhh," Jim said, looking down at me and raising his eyebrows up and down, "I like that idea. Like he was hiding in our closet, or hiding in the hall watching us."
"He'd be able to see me being your little slut, Honey." I said, cuddling up into his arms. Then deciding to tease him some more, I said, "Maybe I should let you tie me up and blindfold me. Then you could do anything you wanted, and I wouldn't be able to stop you. I'd be lying there with my legs open and my shaved pussy on display. You could even bring him into the room -- right up to the bed. You might even pull my pussy lips apart and let him get a nice close up view of my pussy. You could finger me, or even make me suck your hard cock while he watches and then fuck me until I pass out from too many orgasms."
"Oh, fuck yes!" Jim exclaimed. "Sounds like a plan to me, Baby. You can plan on being my captive slut girl tonight starting at 8:00 PM. I'll have everything ready."
"Hmm," I said to myself as I made my way into the bathroom, "this is going to be fun! Tied up and blindfolded sounds exciting!" I knew adding Steve into our fantasy game would tweak his cock. Being restrained and naked really worked for me, too. I just love it when we can combine our fantasies and do something we can both get into.
I luxuriated in the bath, taking my time to carefully shave my pussy. After I finished my legs, I turned the shower on and rinsed myself off, refilled the bathtub and enjoyed a long hot soak.
While I was soaking, I started thinking about the phone call I overheard, and about Jim and Steve trading my and Shelly's panties with each other. Plus, I was wondering why Jim would want Steve to cum inside my panties? That didn't make any sense, at all. But, all of a sudden, as I lay there in the hot water with beads of sweat running down my face, the answer came to me, and once I thought it through, it made complete and total sense.
That night, when I played my little game and pretended to go out with my old boyfriend, he wasted no time in pulling my skirt up, my panties down, and putting his face right into my pussy and licking and sucking me. He was fantasizing I'd been fucked and was pretending to suck my old boyfriend's cum out of my pussy! That's what got him so hot that night!
And he must have taken it a step further with his trusted friend Steve. He started giving Steve my panties and asking Steve to wank himself into them! That's what they meant by it being the next best thing. Having Steve's cum in my worn panties was the next best thing to having the real thing in my panties -- my lover's or boyfriend's cum. Steve was satisfying Jim's fantasy!
But, was Jim doing the same for Steve? Was Jim jacking off into Shelly's panties for the same reason?
I sat there in absolute shock thinking about our two husbands, both of them fantasizing about the others cum in Shelly's and my panties -- maybe licking and eating each other's cum as if I'd fucked Steve, and Jim had fucked Shelly, and they were cleaning up each other's mess out of our panties. I knew damn well Jim would be into that, and, it wouldn't take too much to convince me Steve was into that, too -- especially after I listened to their phone call.
It was at that point I realized Jim's fantasy of me having sex with another man was much deeper than I ever thought. And, instead of being mad, I felt compassion for him and I wondered how I might be able to get the truth. I desperately needed to know what was going on in his head because I truly wanted to satisfy my husband and give him what he wants sexually. If he'd gone this far to satisfy his urges, it obviously meant there was something I didn't know -- something he wasn't comfortable telling me.
And, if I found out it was true...... if he really wanted me to be with another man, well, I'd cross that bridge when I came to it.
None of this changed the way I felt about Jim, at all. I know he loves me with all his heart and he puts me up as the center of his universe. But, I wasn't about to ignore his desires or his needs, and force him to go somewhere else for what he wanted. If this is what he wanted, I mean, if this is what he really wanted and if it would make him happy, the least I could do right now would be to play along and let him have his little panty schemes with Steve. But, tonight, I was going to take the 'captive slut girl' game to a level he could never imagine. Tonight, I'd get the truth and I'd make it so easy for him tell me just what I needed to know.
Jim knew I always looked forward to being restrained. Maybe it was the combination of being helpless and submissive that turned me on so much. Jim always made sure he found some way to include a way for me to live out my exhibitionist fantasies as part of being restrained. He'd tie up naked with my legs spread and take pictures, or, he'd dress me in some old lingerie and use the scissors and cut them the bra and panties off me. And, while I sat in the hot bath with my just shaved pussy, I began to think about the conversation I just had with my husband.
What if Jim blindfolded me, tied me up and invited Steve over to watch, like we kidded each other about? What if he did it? Hell, I'd never know.
I could be lying there, blind to the world, unable to move and Steve could be standing right next to the bed, looking at me and jacking off. For that matter, he could be standing next to the bed with a camera taking pictures, or, what would stop Jim from letting Steve touch me? I'd never know.
Gasping, I realized he could even let Steve fuck me and I might not even know. When I thought about it, being blindfolded and restrained, I'd be powerless to keep them from doing anything they wanted.
Reaching down between my legs and feeling for my clit, I accepted the fact that I might have planted the thought in Jim's mind. And, to be completely honest, the thought of Jim inviting Steve over at 8:00 PM was starting to sound pretty good.
To be continued...