If you read Part 1 of this story, you know me as Kathy, a married woman who enjoys her sexuality and an open marriage. I believe that my husband Dennis enjoys hearing about my adventures almost more than being an observer or participant. I know that some of you are offended by our lifestyle. That is your choice, so I suggest you might want to stop reading if you are offended.
For those who continue reading and then express your disgust with our story, well all I can say is that it is your problem, not ours. If you don't like our stories, don't read them.
For those of you who do enjoy our adventures, but don't understand our lifestyle, maybe, I should tell you more about myself.
I discovered my love of sex in the summer between high school and college. I don't fully understand why, but I am very sensitive to touch. Sensuous touch from another human, male or female, stimulates sexual desire in my mind, not to mention the electrifying pleasures surging throughout my body. I love to be stroked anywhere on my body, but certain erogenous zones are more intense than others.
My nipples, for example, seem to be hard wired to my clitoris. Licking, pinching, pulling, and nibbling on my nipple brings me to orgasm without genital stimulation. Lightly touching my anus sends shock waves into my belly through my butt, cunt, and clit. My hips buck, and moans spontaneously escape my lips. I find myself panting with anticipation of deeper probing.
I love all cocks; soft and hard. My pussy throbs with anticipation as I gently stroke or lick a limp cock to a full erection. Large, small, thick, pencil thin makes little difference. Each provides me with a different thrill. Some fit nicely down my throat or slide easily into my butt. Others stretch my cunt to instant orgasms as they fill me and pump their delicious cum into my cervix and onto other places. I love the feel of warm cum as it splatters against my face and drips off my tits.
I guess you can say I am a slut for sex, and my husband loves watching me submit to my lovers. Dennis loves me to jerk him off as I tell him how strangers used my body for their satisfaction.
I watched him undress and stroke himself to a delightful erection as I undressed to prepare for my late night party with the ship's crew. When we returned to our cabin after dinner, we found Enrico had laid out my pink Ménage a Trois pullover and strappy high heel sandals. Nothing else was there for me to wear. The thought of me walking through the ship basically naked stirred Dennis's cock to full hardness.
A knock on the cabin door interrupted our unspoken thoughts. I was still naked having just pulled on the heels and fastened the thin straps around my ankles. I loved their sexy look on my bare feet. I seemed to prance to the door as Dennis watched me from the bed. I shielded my naked body with the door even though I knew my bare body was reflected in the vanity mirror behind me. Antonio greeted me with a smile, never really looking at my face. I knew his eyes were focused on the reflection of my naked ass in the mirror.
"The crew thought you might enjoy an ice cream cone before the party. I wanted to let you know someone will meet you there and guide you to the party," he said. Then he turned and walked down the corridor without even asking me to follow.
"I guess it is time," I said to Dennis as I quickly pulled the thin cotton top over my head. Checking myself in the mirror, I was thrilled at my obvious nudity. My butt cheeks were just covered, but my ass would be exposed if I bent over.
I knew that taking the stairs would reveal glimpses of my shaved pussy to anyone more than a few steps behind me. I suspected my lips would be glistening with dampness oozing from my cunt before I reached the deck. I nearly shivered with anticipation as I turned to blow my husband a kiss for luck.
I was alone in the corridor much to my disappointment, and no one followed me as I climbed the flight of stairs to the deck. It was dark and warm outside, but my nipples hardened as I stepped out and realized the pool area was full of people watching a movie. Since I was behind the screen, I knew that everyone was looking in my direction whether they noticed me or not.
A light over the ice cream dispenser meant I would be on full display for anyone who turned his or her attention to my movements. I smiled to myself as I bent over to retrieve a cone from the cabinet below the dispenser. Suddenly, I stopped wondering if anyone was watching. I froze when I felt a hand on my ass. I turned to look back over my shoulder to discover the ship's Purser in his uniform.
"Let me help you, and then you will have to come with me. Your bare ass is not allowed on this part of the deck. You need to be disciplined for breaking the rules."
The Purser reached around me to take my empty cone while pushing his crotch into my butt. I could feel his erection growing as it pressed into the crevice of my ass. He placed the cone below the dispenser with his left hand and pulled the lever with his right hand. He pressed his cheek against mine as we watched the ice cream slowly ooze from the nozzle and swirl into the cone.
As his erection forced his cock between my ass cheeks, my eyes glazed over. I watched the ice cream become one long stream of thick cum filling the gaping mouth of the cone, piling itself into an ever-taller swirl of delicious white cream. My mouth watered at the thought of it running down my throat.
He handed the cone to me as he stepped back and pointed in the direction I was to walk. "To my office," he demanded. "And don't drop the ice cream."
"Let it drip," he said as I attempted to lick the ice cream that began to melt and run over my hand.
I could feel his eyes on my butt as my pullover lifted to expose my nudity. I dared not reach to pull it down for fear of dropping the ice cream. Instead, I swayed my ass a little more as I realized he was watching my butt intently, and I remembered the feel of him pressed against me.
Now instead of pointing, he patted my ass to direct me to his office, softly running his fingers between my cheeks to keep me moving straight ahead. We met no one before reaching his office, and I stepped inside as he closed the door behind us.
"Turn around, " he commanded.
His eyes slowly travelled the length of my body as he reached for the ice cream cone.
"Remove your top."
I followed his instruction and stood naked before him. He continued to inspect me with his eyes before ordering me with a nod to sit on his desk. I looked back to see a growing erection straining against his pants. I hopped onto the desk, allowing my legs to spread and dangle off the edge. He handed the ice cream cone back to me, and then let his unzipped pants fall.
"Lick it."
I ran my tongue up the length of the vanilla tower trying to catch all the drips from the melting cone.
"Let them be," he said. "I want to watch the cream run down your chin and drip to your breasts."
I wrapped my lips around the ice cream and slowly sucked the melting mound into my mouth without taking my eyes from his. I allowed the white liquid to run out of my mouth and stream down my neck, over my breasts, and pool below my crotch as I noisily slurped at the sweet, soft ice cream.
It became a cock in my mouth as I allowed myself to slip into an ecstatic trance. I wanted the Purser to imagine his cock between my lips, his cum dripping out from between my lips. He stroked himself as I entered my blissful state.
My torso was covered in the sweet liquid as I ate the last of the cone.
"Good!" he exclaimed. "My turn to feast."
He took my head in his hands as he began to lick the sweet fluid from my face. His tongue traced the outline of my lips before probing their soft surface. He forced his tongue into my mouth before entwining it with my tongue. I released myself to his will.
He eased be back onto his desk as he continued licking down my throat, slowly working his way to my breasts. He sucked each nipple in turn into his mouth. It was as if he could feel my clit swell through the vibrations in my tits. He took me to the edge of climax before releasing them and then he started working down my stomach. He teased my belly button before moving lower.
I exploded in my first climax when he flicked his tongue across my cit. I locked my thighs around his head as he probed my vagina while sucking my labia between his lips. He thrust his tongue repeatedly into me, lapping at my clit between strokes. He teased my anus with his fingertips. I exploded in violent climax when he thrust his index finger into my ass. I nearly passed out from its intensity as I fell back onto the desk.
As my breathing returned to normal, I realized the Purser was standing over me stroking himself. I sensed he was about to cum a moment before he started spurting over my breasts and face. The sensation started another mini orgasm running from my cunt, pulsing throughout my body.
Sated, he helped me rise off the desk. I scraped his cum off my face with my fingers and licked them off, swallowing his cum. He stopped me before I could clean my breasts, handing me my top. It clung to my breasts as the thin cotton absorbed the cum. Now I felt sexier than I had when I left our cabin. I needed to be fucked, but I realized the Purser would not be the one.
He told me it was time to join the party. The staff elevator was at the other end of the ship. As we stepped out of his office, I realized we would pass through a lounge, the ship's center, and the casino before reaching the staff elevators. I was basically nude and his cum molded my top to breasts. I could feel the stares as I passed.
The white logo on my top glowed brilliantly from the black lights in the lounge, accenting my breasts and my hard nipples plastered against the thin cotton soaked with cum. Everyone who stared as I passed knew I was naked beneath my pullover. One young man took a step towards me and then stepped back when he realized I was with a uniformed ship's officer. But my arousal was building again. I swung my hips, willing the fabric to raise and expose my ass.
I was already throbbing with the urge to cum again by the time we reached the elevator.
Eduardo met me at the elevator with a kiss and led me to the party room. One of the ship's photographers met me at the door. Kim, as her nametag read when photographing passengers, wore a black and red corset, black rimmed glasses, black nylons, and red stripper heels. Her nipples were pushed up and over the top of the corset. Her garter straps framed her bare pubis and ass.
"I will be photographing and videotaping the evening's activities," she said.
My resolve waivered at the thought of who might see the images. I may be a wanton slut, but entrusting a digital record to a stranger seemed reckless. Kim sensed my hesitation and handed me her camera.
"You shoot and I'll fuck for the camera."
Eduardo re-entered the room, naked and hard. Kim giggled and turned to meet him at the bed in the center of the room. When I saw his erect cock, I knew I wanted it. The hell with who might see the photographs.
I grabbed Kim's shoulder and spun her to face me.
"He's mine."
I handed her the camera and stripped off my top as I reached for Eduardo's erection. He pulled me into an embrace and steamy kiss. He probed my mouth with his tongue while I stroked his cock. It grew larger and harder. I broke free and dropped to my knees to take him into my mouth. I love the feel of a hard cock as it slides through my lips and over my tongue. Eduardo took my head in his hands and pulled me with him as he sunk back onto the bed.
I licked his cock slowly from its base where it joined his scrotum to the V near the tip of his cock. I paused at the top of each stroke to tickle the vein that runs just below the surface. Light flicks with the tip of the tongue cause a man's cock to jump, and Eduardo's was no different. I love how a man loses control when my tongue teases the sensitive spot at the tip of his dick. My pussy quivered when his cock twitched and his eyes rolled back in his head.
Before he could recover, I sucked his balls into my mouth and began massaging them with my tongue. Whatever Eduardo plans had made for how he and other crewmembers might use my body vanished in that moment as he surrendered to my control. He was moaning loudly when I felt something prodding my ass. I stroked Eduardo's cock while I glanced back to see Enrico exploring me with his stiff cock.
Now it was my turn to tremble. I love the feel of a hard cock stroking between my ass cheeks and probing my asshole. I wanted to feel Eduardo's cum squirting down my throat, splattering against my tits while Enrico penetrated my ass. My mind entered that euphoric state, floating on the edge of awareness and fainting. Electric shocks ran through my pelvis as I surrendered to the masculine assault on my body.
Bright flashes of light barely registered, but I vaguely remembered that Kim was photographing me. Now the reality of her recording our fucking increased the intensity of my arousal. If I was being recorded, I want to be the best-damned slut I could be.
I shoved back against Enrico's stiff cock as it plunged deep inside my ass. A loud moaning hum escaped through my nose as my tightening lips encircled Eduardo's cock sending a shiver through his body. I felt the jolt of his release as the first pulse of his cum hit the back of my throat. He involuntarily released again as he instinctively pulled back before readying himself for another thrust into my throat.
The spray hit me between my eyes and ran done my cheeks. I tried to suck his next release down my throat, but much of it poured out from between my lips and ran down onto my chest. He kept cumming until my face was drenched and cum was running down my tits.
I didn't even have time to catch my breath before Enrico began pounding my ass in reaction to the nasty scene before his eyes.
"Fuck me harder," I begged.
He grabbed my hair and pulled my head back towards him as he sank deeper into my butt. I felt hands grab my face and a tongue run over my cheeks. The hands felt soft, but I could not see Kim licking the thick cum from my face until she had cleaned the cum from my eyes. I tried to reach her tongue with mine before she pulled back, but a new cock waved in front of my eyes. My vision was still glazed over, and I did not realize that it was Antonio offering his cock to be sucked.
"Oh, but you can, and it will give you a thrill as well as those who watch you pass."
I knew he was right, but it embarrassed me that he fully understood how much of a slut I was. The thin cotton absorbed most of the cum turning it virtually transparent. I started giggling when I discovered that the string of cum around my exposed neck was affectionately known as a pearl necklace and the streams of cum running down my legs marked me as a well used slut.
I was ready to face the gauntlet of my "public shaming" as I walked to the Solarium.
My new friend, Eve, met me at the entrance to the Solarium. To my surprise, my husband, Dennis, greeted me and another man I later learned was Eve's husband. They were naked as that was the norm for the Solarium on this cruise. Both men sported erections that Eve stroked as I approached.
"I'm tired," I said as I kissed my husband.
"Yes, we watched," Eve said as she point at the large screen monitors around the room showing the video of my debauched performance with the crew.
The Solarium was filled with naked men and women who cheered as I entered. Eve helped me remove my top, and her husband led me to the shower next to the pool. As the crowd gathered to watch, he led me under the streaming water and began cleaning cum and sweat from my body and hair. His gentle strokes soothed my aches and began slowly arousing that desire within my body once again.
I wanted to return the favor as he finished cleaning me, so I sank to my knees and took his stiff cock into my mouth. He leaned back against the wall and allowed me to bring him off at my own pace. He rewarded me with his spurting streams of cum running down my throat. I purred in satisfaction and stood to kiss him softly on the lips.
"Thank you. You have a wonderful cock and a gentle touch."
Eve pulled me from the shower into a warm, fluffy towel. As she patted me dry, she whispered that she wanted to see more of me, but that Dennis was ready to take me back to our cabin to sleep.
"My top?" I complained.
"I will personally deliver it to your cabin tomorrow. It is off to the laundry as we speak."
Eve wrapped me in a fresh towel, and Dennis took my hand and led me back to our cabin. His robe covered him while I felt exposed and sexy in the towel. I wondered what he had planned. I knew it would be the perfect end to a thorough night of wanton sex and exhibitionism.
Dennis and I shared other adventures with Eve and her husband in the coming days, but my party with the crew was the highlight of our trip.