Author's Note:


This is a werewolf story. It includes depictions of werewolf and human fornication in multiple forms and stages. Rough sexual activity, bruising, intimidation, etc. are also featured, in case that isn't, or is, your thing.


Either way, you've been warned/primed. Thank you for reading!

I was just looking for a dark, quiet place to nap between classes. The university's planetarium seemed like a no brainer. Then I found Stephen. Well, he found me. Stephen isn't an asshole, not usually. He'd had a rough couple of nights and thought I was there to mess around. I feigned interest in something lunar and he simmered down. Still, his initial demeanor had been a bit scary, and given my fucked up brain it had made me profanely wet.
A week later I was confessing with his head between my legs and my fingers tightly laced in his dark hair. When he looked up at me, past my stomach and heaving chest, those mischievous eyes of his were glowing with more than his usual roguish smile. In that moment, as I stared into those gorgeous hazel green eyes, it became perfectly clear.
He'd known I was full of it since day one.
When he caught me in the planetarium, after he relaxed, he'd launched into this lecture on the history of the etymology of moon types. I guess he thought it'd be some kind of torture for me. Instead he matched my genuinely engrossed energy without ever giving himself away. Not even hinting that my actual interest had surprised him. I was late for class that day with tousled hair and a hickey on my neck. I'd come to wonder if he knew, if he could tell how hot and bothered I got when he first found me, when he'd tracked me down, surprised me, scared me, hovering over me in the dark, making his demands of me.
Soon, probably too soon, I started sleeping over more often than not. Between his work and my schedule, late nights were the norm. With my commute...it just made sense. Not to mention I was like a fucking ragdoll when we were done, well, fucking. I used to think I was insatiable. I didn't even know the meaning of the word! At least not compared to him. There was something different about Stephen. We clicked. In the big ways, sure. But it was a lot of little things, too. All our weird bits just went great together.
One night early on I'd made him promise to not let me stay over again. I needed his will power, which at the time I'd thought stronger than my own. He'd sworn to do his best, mentioning an early meeting he had anyway. Half past eleven rolls around. I'm bare assed, ass up in bed, hugging up on his pillow as he stares down at me with my pussy full of a fairly fresh load of his. And he's trying to shoo me out the door!
"You made me promise!I want nothing more than for us to fuck again and to fall very soundly asleep with you in my arms. But you need to get out. Please?"
I think this was our fourth or fifth night in a row of me staying over. I was tired. Not too tired to fuck, but too tired for my hour commute back to my place. And all I wanted was for us to fuck again and to fall very soundly asleep in his arms, too. So I gave in. If Stephen could resist, good on him, but hey, when it's right, it's right.
"I could get up. Let all this warm, gooey cum drip out of me, going to waste. OR..." Popping my ass into the air slightly, making everything more visible to him, including his recent deposit as it started to leak out. "Or you could use it to lube me up and fuck my ass." We hadn't done much anal play up to that point, his rather large endowment was a bit intimidating. But Stephen knew what he was doing. "Please?"
With a groan of resignation and some kind of roar of excitement, he too gave in.
We fell for each other too hard and too fast. Neither one of us denies that. I had it so bad for this guy that I started letting my hair grow out when I heard him mention, once, his attraction to some ho actress because of her long hair. That's how head-over-heels I was for this guy, to put it in perspective. I'd never done that before, with anyone.
I'd also never lived with anyone before. After a few months I had to ask about the regular camping trips he took with his family. Almost like clockwork, every four weeks or so. Sounds a bit weird, right? I know I said Stephen isn't usually an asshole, and he isn't, but he was the epitome of one when I asked about those trips. Defensive took on a new meaning for me after that, and I certainly wasn't going to be bringing it up again.
For the next couple of months as I continued falling deeper and deeper in love with my nerdy, gruff boyfriend, he continued taking these camping trips. Naturally, we developed a routine of our own. We'd get some kind of take out for dinner, spend some quality time together watching a movie, talking, or whatnot, followed by the most wild, lascivious, carnal sex of my fucking life. I'm not sure if he felt guilty or just particularly randy, but he was always so rough in all the best ways.
The bruises on my hips and thighs where he'd dug into me as he fucked me would still be there when he got back. They were like colorful little love letters, reminding me that he'd be back soon. Every time I'd see them they'd make me smile. And since I never wore clothes around the apartment, I saw them, and smiled, often. That's how it was with him, even when he wasn't there.
He made my heart happy.
When our six month anniversary was approaching, he asked me to go with him on one of those camping trips. He wanted to introduce me to his family. Warily, I accepted. He never apologized for freaking out on me when I asked about them, and it still seemed odd to me. Not sexy, fun, ravage me, odd either. I wasn't exactly afraid. He'd be there, and I knew he'd never let any actual harm come to me. Stephen was effortlessly strong. He was a taller guy and had a bit of bulk to him, but he wasn't pumped. I'd never once seen him lift any weights or ever even say about going to the gym. I figured it was just genetics. Came in handy in the bedroom, and the shower, the dressing room at Kohls, and plenty of other places. I certainly wasn't complaining. And he made me feel safe.
I spent most of the drive out into the mountains a bit peeved at him for not helping me calm down, like at all. The whole time I kept letting out exaggerated sighs, futilely trying to let out my nervous energy, fidgeting with anything and everything, and constantly looking over at him as he drove, white knuckled and silent practically the whole time. It was selfish of me. I know that now.
Neither of us handled this well, I'll say that. But he had a lot more on his mind than I did, plus he'd started to get agitated. He had this weird male PMS before he'd go on these trips. I assumed he just went out into the woods and shot at things or peed on trees or whatever guys do to alleviate their aggression or excess testosterone. I chalked it up to one of the reasons why the sex was so good right before he left. Not that his performance wasn't normally in my top three, but just,fucking hellit was a world apart!
The cabin itself looked fairly modest. I wondered where everyone slept as we pulled up alongside at least a dozen other vehicles. Stephen isn't the type of person to linger in his car after he turns it off. That day he did. Just staring ahead at nothing.
"We don't have to do this right now, Stephen. I can drive myself back and—"
"It's overdue. After that first day, when I knew, I should have brought you right away. I just...I love you, Cynthia. They're going to love you, too. We'd never hurt you, okay?"
"You're starting to freak me out, Babe..."
He smiled gently, warmly as he took me all in. I loved his eyes, his hazel green eyes I could really lose myself in. He lingered on my own gray eyes, moving down to my lips. He was the first person to tell me I had pouty lips. I don't know why, but I loved him for that. I think that's when I first realized that Iwasmadly in love. He tenderly placed a strand of hair behind my ear as he took a deep breath in and sighed out his own nervous energy.
"Come on. They'll be watching us. Waiting."
I thought he meant from the cabin, but the sun was setting and there was oddly no lights on inside. He didn't bother to grab our bags, instead he grabbed my hand and led me down a path behind the cabin. A ten minute hike through a dense forest later and we came upon a clearing.
A few women,buck fucking naked, were sitting around a roaring campfire, beers in hand, talking and laughing amiably. When they spotted us approaching they all stood and lowered their heads. Weirdest thing I'd seen happen in real life.
"Why are they naked? Stephen?!"
He waved them off and they relaxed noticeably, resuming their seats without a word or another look at me. I didn't know what was going on, but I had this feeling in the pit of my stomach that I'd walked into some kind of cult. What the hell was I going to do?! I loved him! Did he have this weird little harem out here in the woods? He did usually come back fairly spent, but he was also filthy with more than a few jagged cuts and scratches on his skin.
I started to back away, to try to get out of his grasp. It wasn't that I wanted to get away from him exactly, but clearly something wasn't right.
"Cyn, everything is fine. Meet my father, and then if you want to leave, I'll take you back."
I wanted to ask if he promised, but I knew I didn't need to. I relaxed and he turned to me, wrapping me in his arms, finally giving me that solace I'd been craving for the past several hours. My muscles felt like they were melting as I inhaled his musk. I was safe. And I was loved. Two things I'd rarely been so sure of before meeting him. I kissed his neck, letting my lips linger.
I swear on a stack of bibles the man literally, full on growled. He'd never really growled before, not likethat. Not with that low, guttural timbre. Instantly I could feel my panties getting wet. I knew better, but I still wanted to push it. I was about to lick his neck when his whole body stiffened. Sadly it had precious little to do with me. Not in the way I wanted, anyway.
"Finally!" a deep, husky voice, the kind you only get from smoking too many cigars and drinking too many whiskeys, boomed from behind us. "You've brought my new daughter! You'll be lucky if your mother doesn't tan both your hides for takin' so damned long!"
"Dad," Stephen flatly acknowledged the man behind us without letting me go. His message to me was clear, it was my call, whenever I was ready.
I cleared my throat and swiftly pecked another kiss on his neck before turning around, only to immediately turn back around again, burying my face in Stephen's broad chest.
"Ooh, she's shy! Damn adorable is what she is!" his father boomed. I could hear the women by the fire giggling and there were a few other yips of glee from deeper in the woods. This man was wearing nothing but his smile. Lovely though it was, (Stephen's was just like it) yeah, my shyness should be the talk of the hour!
"Stephen, are...is your dad? Your family? What do they call it? Nudists? Naturists?" With a small laugh he glanced down at me and my confusion. "Stephen, why theFUCKis your dad naked?!"
"Turn around, Cyn. You need to see."
I eyed him suspiciously, but I listened. His father stood with his hands on his sides, still smiling warmheartedly. The sun had completely set, the moon was behind the clouds, and the only light was now coming from the fire behind us. Even in this dark, I could still see more of Stephen's dad than I wanted.
It's a bit of a blur, if I'm honest. I felt Stephen's arms go around me, startling me in a way, but not one I felt reasonable responding to in that moment. His father's eyes were set on me. I do remember that. They seemed to almost glow in the darkness. Another moment and I heard this blood curdling, bone crunching chorus as the snaps and pops echoed off of the nearby trees. His body morphed and twisted and distorted. It was so dark. I don't remember seeing it, but hair must have started growing. In another minute an unbelievably large, mostly black wolf stood where his father had been. It pranced up to me, nosed the side of my face, then nipped at Stephen's leg before disappearing into the woods.
"He likes you," Stephen said as he let out a huge sigh of relief. I felt my world spinning and then everything went black. I woke up in that modest cabin that was really only used for supplies, deliveries, emergencies, that sort of thing. Then we had another painfully silent drive.
It's not easy, finding out your boyfriend is a werewolf.
I had questions. Anyone would. Werewolves exist of course, but how often do you really run into one? Not to mention have them show you their family's den? It was all...a lot. And I wasn't ready.
For the next few weeks I kept my distance. Choosing that life, even if you don't choose to turn, it's difficult and deserves a fair amount of sound consideration. Stephen gave me my space, but it was clear he hated it. I rented a room from an old friend, just for the month. I knew it wouldn't be permanent. But how the hell do you not tell someone that sort of thing?! Or at least, why wait that long? I don't know, I guess I can kind of understand it. That doesn't stop it from hurting, though.
Not having anyone to talk about this certainly didn't help, but they're such a secretive bunch. One night I dreamt of him. I don't know if he'd been thinking of me particularly hard or if I was particularly horny. I was in this skimpy white dress that swayed as I moved my hips. Stephen, but horror-movie-werewolf-Stephen, was into it as he ripped it to shreds, reveling in me along the banks of a serene lake that I'd never seen before. I was overcome by this feeling of belonging, of being loved and cherished. I missed him so much my chest hurt.
That was the first time I ever had an actual orgasm from a dream. I woke up with my pussy still quivering, pulsating from the aftershocks. As I lay awake, reveling in the sensation, I tried to recall as many details as I could before they slipped through my fingers like a summer rain.
The next day I snuck back into the planetarium. He was grumbling at some new intern when he noticed me slinking into the empty theater. He stopped mid-sentence and within seconds I could smell him, feel his warmth beside me, his breath on the tip of my ear.
For a long time he just stared at me. We both stared at one another, taking each other in. It had been a while and our attraction had always been so...primal.
"You cut your hair," he finally said. Though his eyes never left mine.
"Yeah...I like it shorter like this," I nervously mumbled as I pulled at one of my curls.
"Me too," he whispered, as his fingers interlaced into my hair, cupping the side of my head.
I closed my eyes as I leaned into his touch. He let out a little growl that had an entirely new meaning to me now. My eyes popped open wide as I checked him for any signs of change.
"Cyn, come on! How long were we together and you never knew?"
"Were?!" My voice shook and my eyes trembled. Instantly he understood.
"That's not what I meant! Fuck! Cyn, I love you!"
"I know! That's part of the problem. We fell for each other too hard and too quickly. It's just...it's a lot, okay?! I have so many questions and then that dream and I still don't—"
"What dream?" Stephen was so concerned I couldn't help myself.
After I set the scene, suspiciously innocent white dress and all, I hesitated, and he knew it.
"Okay, fine! But don't judge me. It was just a dream, okay? It was like one of those classic horror movies. It was you, but it wasn't. You weren't completely a wolf either, not the giant wolf your father turned into. It was a...mix, I guess?"
"A hybrid."
"Exactly! So this hybrid you, and it wasyou, I know that."
"Were you afraid?"
"No, duh. Ijusttold you it was you. Why would I be afraid? Now stop interrupting!" He smiled as he bit his thumb, listening, forcing himself to be quiet. "You, a very hairy, and larger, with an actual snout, claws, all that jazz,YOU...you were somehow gentle with me. Well, until you weren't."
Suddenly he became very worried, searching my face for something, until he saw the salacious way I was biting my lip and playing with my skirt. He let out a long sigh as he settled back into his seat, shaking his head at how I'd teased him.
"It was crazy, Stephen! You know you're fairly well endowed, right? Well hybrid Stephen was bananas! It took me a while to get used to it. I was so hot for it! All of it! I wanted it so bad! How crazy is that?! And I can't tell you how loved I felt in that moment, how much I felt as though I belonged. And oh! I forgot something. I'm getting out of order here, flustered and whatnot.
"So hybrid you, your snout, well it came with a crazy tongue, and fuck me if you didn't put that thing to very good use, trying to prep me. Not to mention your canines! The way they scraped me down there. Chills, Stephen, chills!" I could see his cock stretching out the fabric of his slacks. I wasn't sure if I was going to tell him the rest of it. It seemed almost depraved to me. But hey, it was just a dream. He'd understand.
"So hybrid Stephen is fucking me. It's rough in all the right ways, the rough grips, scratches, poundings. I'm losing my fucking mind. Orgasms are running into orgasms. My muscles are spasming out of control and I can't take much more. Then...you stop! I'm not exactly complaining. I needed a break as you just held me, kissing me, your tongue practically going down my throat before you pull away to stare into my eyes.
"You still haven't cum once, by the way. Next thing I know, you're flipping me onto all fours. I'm giggling like an idiot because doggy you is about to fuck me doggy style. Then yeah, you're fucking me doggy style. Your 'paws' grabbing at my hips. I can feel your cock hitting my cervix and that electrical shock of pain and pleasure surges through me, knocking me to the ground. Meanwhile you're still holding my hips up, doing the lion's, er, wolf's share?
"You don't seem to mind that I'm basically just lost to the ecstasy of it all. You're gone too as I hear a couple of those bone snaps somewhere in whatever is left of my awareness. When I look back, you, like you YOU, have turned all the way into your WOLF! So now an actual werewolf is fucking me andI'm there for it, Stephen. Do you hear me?! I'm fucking loving it!
"Your paws, actual paws, holding me in place, holding me to you as you're fucking me, your cock pressing into my cervix. Then there's something else. Something hard pressing on my...on my pussy, but not your cock, but like at the base of it? But it's not...I don't know, I don't know how to explain it. You're still fucking me, then I feel your teeth on the back of my neck, pulling me up. I obey, coming back up on all fours, somehow managing to support myself.
"Then thatthingpressing at my pussy...I feel you pressing it against me more with each thrust. It wasn't painful exactly, but it was intense. Very intense! I could feel myself stretching even further to somehow take it. I really didn't know how that was going to happen, but again, dream, right?"
He nods slowly, not really making eye contact, staring off, enraptured in my story. I've mindlessly started to play with the hem of my skirt, pulling it up obscenely high. I've noticed him taking several deep breaths. I know what he's doing. He knows I'm aroused too, and he's taking it all in. There's a growing wet spot on his light gray slacks from the precum at the end of his throbbing cock. Seeing it, my nipples respond with a tingle, hardening under a bra that barely hides such a thing.
Swallowing hard, I knew I had to finish telling my story. "Well, then it happened. Wolf you starts going crazy. You still have my neck between your teeth, but you're fucking me in a wild, passionate frenzy. It's clear you're about to cum. Pressing that thing, smacking it against me again, and again, and again. Building that pressure. I'm so fucking wet, I can hear sloshing going on between our bodies slapping together and then BAM! IT presses in. All the way! I cum so fucking hard my entire body is shaking. Stephen, you don't understand. It wasn't just my pussy and legs, like my stomach, arms, fingers! Everything is shaking, it was that intense. I throw my head back just as I feel your teeth sink in. And somehow that elevates this whole body, rocking orgasm and then...
"I wake up! Having cum so hard in that dream that I came in real life. I had to change the sheets! I told Gabbie I spilled milk having a midnight snackie or something in bed. Stephen, did you hear me?! I had to change the sheets, Stephen!"
His mind was clearly elsewhere, his cock still distinctly outlined through his pants. I wish-wish-wish I hadn't worn a skirt. But I'd had my own ideas, and it wasn't the end of the world that they weren't working out. While he chewed on his thumb, contemplating destiny or fate or whatever, I slid to my knees in front of him, rubbing his cock through his pants.
He groaned at my touch, his hips moving of their own volition. "Fuck, Cyn..."
"We could. I could also suck your dick now, and we could go to dinner tonight. Make a very long night of it. Kind of a making up, catching up date?"
I didn't wait for his response, nuzzling my nose along his length as he groaned and clutched at the armrests. He moved so quickly I didn't really register what was happening. Picking me up as he stood, he dashed out of the theater with me over his shoulder, my ass in the air as he ran into his office, slamming his door shut. He brusquely plopped me down on the only empty spot on his desk. (Only empty because it was saved for his laptop) He hiked up my skirt and hastily ripped the crotch out of my lacey black undies. I made some kind of squeaking sound at their demise, but I tried my best to keep quiet. We were still at his work, after all. Yanking his pants down, liberating his aching cock, he plunged into me, burying himself to the hilt in one swift, fluid motion.
It was too much for me to keep quiet of my own volition. I bit down on his shoulder as my body shook from the ecstasy that was again, finally, coursing through me as he stretched me out. Another one of his quiver inducing growls, muffled into my hair, reverberated through me completely as he held my ass, holding me flush against him.
"Cyn,fuck...don't ever do that to me again. I didn't know if I'd lost you or if you hated me or—" Finally I let go of his shoulder, instead pulling him to me, kissing him hungrily. His cock felt amazing as I adjusted to the fullness inside me, but I needed more.
"I'm here, Stephen, and I'm yours. I never left you. I never will." I held his face as I searched his eyes, desperate to make sure he understood. A frenzy of emotions danced behind them as he fought to either say something or keep quiet. Instead he kissed me, filling me with that sense of belonging as he grabbed my hips, his fingers digging in, needing me as badly as I needed him.
Leaning back I grabbed the edge of the desk for leverage as he began thrusting, going into a frenzy, freely letting out a series of guttural groans before calming down, likewise remembering where he was as he kissed my face, my neck, my chest. I'd always been so hard to make cum before him. Stephen had a knack for it. That or it was more of a priority for him. He angled himself just so, hitting my g-spot over and over again until I was a trembling puddle, biting his shoulder once more. My pussy grabbed tight to his dick mere moments before he wrapped his arms around me, his hips thrusting wildly as he held my tightly. Lifting my ass almost completely off of the desk, he pulled and pushed me, and my still pulsating pussy, on and off of his dick. One last harsh grunt as he held me, filling me, connected in our shared bliss.
Still holding me, dick still buried deep within me, he slumped back on his office chair, mindful of my legs as we rested against one another and lost track of time.

***

"Come back to the lake with me this weekend? There's so much I want to show you. You didn't even see the water. If you're ready. If that's okay?"
"What if...what if that wasn't something I wanted to be a part of?" His body stiffened under me. His hand that had been playing with one of my curls stilled.
"Cynthia...I don't know who I'd be without my pack."
"NO!" I jolted upright, the quick motion finally dislodging his cock and a generous heaping of his semen. "I didn't mean you shouldn't go. It's all just..."
"A lot. I know. But I can't have two packs."
I wasn't about to ask him to choose. I couldn't even fathom such a thing.
"Do they all have to be naked though? It's just a bit weird. They're your family."
"You strip the second you close the door. Sometimes you take your bra off before you even get home! It's the next logical step."
It wasn't, but I didn't want to argue with him again. I just wantedhim. I'd do whatever that took, put up with whatever, even if that meant seeing his dad's schlong again.
The werewolf stuff didn't even really phase me. I mean, that dream had been pretty fucking hot, after all. They could be rough and tumble, sure. But Stephen wasn't really in line for Alpha, even though his dad was the current one. That suited Stephen, and me, just fine. The rough edges that Stephen did have fit my contours perfectly.
"This weekend then? What should I bring?"
"Nothing!" He beamed. His edge again hardened and prodding me from below, my contour, still dripping, more than ready.

***

He helped me relax this time as we drove into the mountains. Talking about anything and everything that popped into my head, walking me through breathing exercises, reaching over and into my hiking pants, fingering me while driving too fast, all things he knew would relax my worried mind.
When we got there he jumped right out. Opening my door for me, offering me his hand. After I stood he pressed me up against his car, kissing me deeply as he pressed himself against me.
"Thank you for this, Cyn. I'm so excited for you to meet everyone. They're going to love you!"
Well, he was certainly excited alright. I think he would have preferred to run as we sped along. We'd fucked five times since yesterday. Although it'd be more apt to call one of those times making love. Between the slow caresses, tantric tempo, and pure affection in his eyes, it wasn't fucking. He really was very excited. I'd never seen him like this before. That kind of exhilaration is contagious, and I found my own pace had quickened.
Before I knew it, we were back at that clearing with the sentinels, all still naked as the day they entered this world. This time he ignored their salutations as he grabbed my hand, and we actually did take off at a sprint. Luckily it didn't last long. My abundant breasts desperately require a heavy duty sports bra for even the lightest of jogging. Those aren't very comfortable and so I had not come prepared.
"Oh, good!" His booming voice immediately halted Stephen's steps. But I still ran into Stephen, who caught me around the waist in a somewhat sensual grasp. His hands grabbing at whatever they wished without letting go, even as we turned to face his father. "I'm glad we didn't scare you off. Back to meet the rest of the pack then?"
"You're making it weird, Stevie!" a high-pitched voice squeaked from the forest. "Stop grabbing at her! We know she's yours. You don't need to mark her just because she's ovulating!"
"What? Why does she—"
"We can smell ya, sweetie." Stephen's father winked at me. I could feel the heat on my face as it was turning beet red. "Oh come now! Nothing to be embarrassed about. It's quite comely!"
Looking down as I struggled to breathe, I couldn't help but notice that my boyfriend's dad's cock had started firming up.
"Stephen..." I nervously started grabbing at his arm for reassurance.
Stephen growled at all of them. One I hadn't heard yet. There was a clip to it. A kind of threat, apparently. His father chuckled at him, but I didn't hear anything else from the woods.
Stephen nuzzled into the side of my face. "Let's get to the lake house. You'll be more comfortable there."
"Lake house?" I was grateful for any distraction.
"What? Did you think we all slept in the woods all weekend? Or that tiny cabin?"
I did. There was so much about them, and everything, that I didn't know.
"Cyn, I'm going to change now. You can ride on my back to the house. It's that or a thirty minute walk. It's okay if that's what you want to do. It's just been a while and I'm...I'd like to run, that's all."
"Can...can you actually carry me? On your back?"
He smiled and his eyes shone, but he knew better than to make light of my questions. "You saw my dad. I'm bigger." (In more ways than that, but we'll pretend I hadn't noticed.) "It'll be like you're giving me a very long, wonderful hug. I'll love it." It did sound nice, I just had to hope he didn't freak me out too much in the process.
He was thinking the same thing. "If my change starts to freak you out, look away, okay?" I nodded timidly, but I knew better. Kissing me deeply, he held me tightly against him as his hands began exploring my body again. His father chuckled again not too far away, stilling Stephen's affections.
Backing up, he quickly stripped, tossing his clothes in a pile that one of the nude women by the fire picked up and put into a duffel bag beside her chair. I was watching her when I first heard the noises, when it all started. The bone crackling, the flesh ripping, the guttural grunts of pain, the iron scent in the air. Biting my tongue, I forced myself to watch. There wasn't a lot of information about werewolves, and what was available didn't always seem credible, but I knew the pack would see me looking away as a weakness. That wouldn't do.
He was solid black, a younger version of his father. But he hadn't been kidding, he was considerably larger. He came up to me and nosed me, just tapping me with his wet, cold nose as his father had done nearly a month ago. Then he started nuzzling me as I'd nuzzled him a few days ago, which is to say inappropriately for having an audience.
"I thought you said you had control when you were a wolf?!"
He jumped back, yipping playfully at my teasing admonishments. I rolled my eyes and shook my head as he walked back to me. His head came to about my shoulders. The sheer size of him alone was beyond impressive. Which I'd also thought about him previously.
Stephen, before I knew of this life of his, was one of the nerdiest men I knew. Always fascinated by the physical sciences. I needed to know how this transformation made sense. Though I also knew that it would take several discussions before I'd get it. Whenever he started talking nerdy to me, I couldn't help myself. I just had to have him!
Leaning down and forward, I took my cue and climbed on his back. Before I was terribly settled he took off like a bolt of lightning. I was barely able to hold on and he seemed to have forgotten I was up here. Squeezing my thighs together as I threw my arms around him, trying to dig my fingers in for purchase, he mistakenly took it as me signaling for him to go faster. Because he did. Weaving in and out of trees, very rarely on any kind of path. Within minutes we arrived at the most gorgeous, pristine lake I'd ever seen.
Except I had seen it before. It was the lake from my dream.
There was a brief moment of elation where I couldn't wait to tell Stephen. But the way I'd described it, the landmarks and landscaping, he had to know. It was such a gorgeous scene. I was in aww, even having seen it before. There were wolves and lewdly naked people aplenty. Stephen leaned forward slowly, and I slid off. As he turned back I felt as though I didn't have to watch.
"Cyn..." His excitement wasn't just in his voice or face. His erect cock was more than prominent as he approached me with one thought in mind.
That same squeaky voice that had called to him earlier called out again, much closer this time, about ten yards away, with a body that was also completely nude. "Better get your bitch to take care of that for you, Stevie! One of your old playthings will be all over it if it stays up much longer!"
"Shut up, Susie!" he snarled at her.
"Susie? As in your sister, Susie?!" Great, now I knew what her tatas looked like. They weren't bad. But I was very happy that mine were, if nothing else, more ample.
"Yeah, she's...well, she's a lot, too." He shook his head, returning quickly to that one thought.
"Old playthings, huh?" That seemed to give him pause.
"Come on! I want to show you where we'll be staying."
"Yeah, I bet you do, Stevie..."
"Dear Luna... Please don't start calling me that?"
I had to laugh, but I should have known better. He hauled me over his shoulder and took off towards the lake house that was really more of a lake manor. It's gigantic windows spanned the entirety of its four floors and reflected the sun off of the lake, sparkling blue amidst the textured stone of the rest of the estate. The deep forest green of the woods that surrounded it complimented it perfectly.
Everyone we passed was completely naked, head to toe. I guess that made changing and running easier, not to mention fucking. Which was happening a lot more than I expected. I was surprised by how much I didn't mind the view, but I don't think I've ever blushed so much in my life. As we came up to the front of the manor, there were two wolves fucking.
It was...violent. I was captivated.
Stephen noticed and quickly let me down. I turned away, slightly ashamed.
"It's okay, Cyn. Yes, plenty of my family is here, but it's not what you'd call afamilyretreat. We don't let anyone that isn't connected to the pack see where we actually live. Where the offspring, the younglings, or the uninitiated live. Not until you're more deeply connected in one way or another. This is kind of a public playground."
"So, this isn't your den?"
"Cyn...no. This is where we come to run and rut, fuck. It's not a family place. There's not usually so many people. But I wanted them to meet you. Nudity isn't a big deal to us, but we don't walk around naked at our den."
"Oh, I didn't know."
"Because you didn't ask."
"Well...it's all been—" He kissed me before I could say it again. That didn't stop me from thinking it loudly, or from it still being true.
"You'll find more humans and werewolves mingling here than anywhere else. That's why I thought it'd be a good place for introductions to happen. Besides, you'll get bored of it soon enough. Plenty of us like being watched, anyway."
"He's just so... rough."
Stephen grabbed me from behind, his cock pressing against my backside, and whispered in my ear, "You know you love it."
"Like what you see?" Susie asked as she sauntered up behind us.
Stephen whispered some lewd promises under his breath to me before initiating formal introductions. He went around, introducing everyone that was nearby, both in human and wolf form. At some point I'd snuck out of his grasp, his attentions making me just a bit too uncomfortable as I tried making conversation with all the nude people as I stood fully clothed.
Susie wasn't too bad, but she was aggressive, pushing and pushing. She was his baby sister, I get the overprotective bit, I do. But it got to be too much.
"Does this make you uncomfortable? The nudity?" She grabbed her tits as she asked, trying to stare me down. "Why are you still wearing clothes? Do you need help?"
I hated to lie, really. So, I didn't plan to.
"Well, I don't usually wear clothes at home, but—"
"What does that have to do with anything? That's not what I asked you. Stephen, your human is broken!"
"Suzanne!" A plump woman with Stephen's eyes walked out of the house. Too far to have been able to hear. But of course she still could. I was on the verge of tears, weakling that I was. How stupid is that?! His little sister is calling me defective, and I start to crumble. I'd been called worse by people closer to me and nada, nil, nothing but numb. So why this reaction? Here? Now? Of all times?!
I felt a sudden pressure headache come on and looked around for Stephen. He was still right behind me, but he wasn't looking at me. He was looking over me. Staring daggers at his baby sister. She was staring at the ground as though someone was shoving her head down. Looking around, nearly everyone else was doing the same thing, even his, I'm safely assuming here, mother.
His father slowly came from behind us, hobbling along, limping almost, locked jaw, gritted teeth. "Stephen..." His one word painfully labored beyond reason. My headache was getting worse, but they were all dropping to their knees, every one of them. Even the ones that had been introduced as humans. Those in wolf form were down on their haunches, silent as the night.
His father agonizingly turned to me as I tried to make sense of what was happening. His expression begged something, but I didn't know what. Looking back at Stephen, his eyes that I loved to lose myself in were changed. Now they were filled with this hostile golden glow.
I was frightened, yes. In a bad way, yes. But there was something else. Sure, I wanted to help. I also wanted to drop to my knees and suck Stephen's cock more than I'd ever wanted anything in my entire my life. I can't explain the pull I had, the need to sexually serve my partner, but it was stronger than anything else I'd ever experienced, and I let it take control.
He groaned as I worked to take all of his already rock hard cock, twitching sporadically as my tongue began gliding over, massaging his girth. Within seconds the pressure was gone, and so was the desperate need to suck his cock despite being surrounded by his pack. I felt his hand lace through my hair just as I popped myself off of him. Looking up at him, his lovely eyes were back, but not quite. I don't know what I expected to see, but his look of total desolation wasn't it.
"Stephen..."
"Cyn, come on. Let's get you inside." His voice was gentle and so was his touch, but everyone looked absolutely terrified as we left them behind. I didn't know what had happened, but I knew to keep my mouth shut.
There wasn't much going on inside. At least not on the first floor. Stephen picked me up, evidently in a hurry to get behind closed doors, and cleared three flights of stairs. I knew he was strong, but it frightened me a bit, how much I didn't know.
"Can...can you put me down?" My voice was timid, but I held his gaze as his concern wore heavy on his features.
"Sure, Cyn." Gingerly he put me down, letting his hands linger on me wherever he could. I held his hand to show him it wasn't that I wanted to be apart from him. I just didn't need him to always carry me, especially here.
He led me down this long hallway that connected a bunch of the bedrooms that all had lovely views of the lake. Along the way there was some more wonderfully salacious debauchery to take in. One woman was eating another out on a rustic green sofa. I started to watch without as much hesitation, and the woman being devoured winked at me when I caught her eye. But Stephen quickly pulled me along with a heated exhale of his own.
We got to our room and Stephen immediately tried kissing me. He seemed almost as desperate as I had been not five minutes ago.
"Hang on, Mister! I need some answers!" He was still sucking on my neck, working his way down my chest.
"Can I explain while you pick up where you left off downstairs?"
"Stephen!"
"Cynthia, you're driving me absolutely fucking mad! You know when I go away, I'm...amplified, right?"
"Do you come out here and fuck other people all weekend?!"
"FUCK NO! Cyn, how can you even ask that?!"
"We're having a fight and you'restilltrying to put your dick in me. That's how!" I'd finally gotten through to him as he was still trying. Not that I would have minded. Between his extra attentions, the whole day, whatever the fuck that was downstairs, he wasn't the only one that needed some release.
"Cyn, I love you. More than I can say. More than you can understand. When I come out here, it's to expel energy, a lot of energy. I usually change and run for about eighteen to twenty hours per day. I stay away from most other people that aren't family or in similar situations. I don't even usually come into the house, because yeah, I get urges. But since you, I have never had anyone but you, and I never will have anyone but you for the rest of my days. At least, not without you there and fully consenting." He winked at me as he started pawing at me again.
"Good to know," I held his hand still. "Now, what was that crap downstairs just now?" He groaned realizing he'd have to continue to explain himself. "You explain, and I'll strip. Fair?" He nodded excitedly and plopped down on the bed as if he was taking a front row seat.
"As you know, Dad's Alpha. I'm from a strong line," he motioned for me to start stripping. After an exaggerated eye roll I commenced, quickly ripping my shirt off over my head and tossing it aside. He groaned at my lack of finesse, so I slowed it down. "The strongest among us, there's only a few of us at any given time, we can exert our will like that," I turned so he could enjoy my profile as I slowly pulled my hiking pants down, having already kicked off my shoes.
He leaned back and started stroking himself. "That's cheating!" I called out. I never could resist seeing him touching himself. I quickly unfastened my bra, chucking it in the corner and yanked my undies down, stripping off my socks when I got to my feet. I still had questions. But he was my Stephen.Mine!I knew I wasn't going anywhere, no matter what I heard. I could hear it later. Right now I needed to finish what I started downstairs.

***

"Cyn, get some rest. I'm going out for a run. If you're okay?"
"Hmm?" I was spent, body and mind. I wanted his body next to mine, but he needed this time. "Yeah, I'm okay. Hey, you're really not going to...I don't know, find one of your old flings, right?"
"Cyn, you are my choice. I would never choose another."
I remember his soft caress on my forehead. And then I remember a warm breeze wafting in, washing over my naked body. Stephen was still gone. He'd left the window open, and the breeze felt glorious. I could still feel his cum in me, I could smell it all over me, apparently his way of marking me, for now.
"She won't last," a barely audible voice floated in. I held my breath. In the pit of my stomach I knew it was about me.
"Watch yourself, Suzanne! Stevie loves that girl, and we're going to do all we can to make her comfortable. You pull another stunt like earlier, and I'll ground you to the den for a year."
"Dad, come on! It'd be better for him to cut his losses early. She nearly fainted watching him turn. She's too weak, physically, mentally, she has no willpower to speak of."
"Hush, girl! You're bitter your mate rejected you. It's understandable. But no reason to stand in the way of your brother's happiness."
"Mom! That'snotwhat this is about! You saw how quick she went to her knees. She seems like a nice enough human, but I won't see Stevie hurt. Not again."
"She went to her knees out of desire. You were forced to yours, just like the rest of us. It's something to think on."
"Yeah, well, Stevie needs to learn to control his—"
"Here he comes now. Hush yourself!"
It was nearly five minutes before anyone spoke about anything besides the fucking weather again.
"How's the hunting, son?"
"Couldn't keep my mind on it. Is Cyn still upstairs?"
"Of course she is! We're all naked down here. Do you really expect her to join us if she doesn't have to?"
I wasn't sure what was happening. There was plenty I didn't know. But I did know I wanted to make Stephen happy, and I knew I wasn't going anywhere. Determined, I balled my hands into fists, gritted my teeth, and started towards the door, naked and covered in cum.
There were a couple of tears forming in my eyes from the anxiety and simply hearing the way Susie was talking about me. The woman I'd enjoyed watching earlier happened to see me and stopped me. Before I even finished telling her the whole story she'd embraced me, telling me she knew exactly how I felt, and knew where I was coming from.
"What are you willing to do to keep him?"
"Anything! Everything!"
"Good." She gave me a few helpful pointers. The rest was on me.
I walked outside, naked, and looked for Stephen. He was sitting on a large, smoothed stump, one of many that circled a fire pit outside the house. Most of them were likewise occupied. I'd never seen him happier than we caught sight of me. Except for a second later when he sniffed the air, realizing I hadn't washed or even wiped any of him off of me. He might have also smelled something else. I'm not sure if werewolves can smell intentions.
Walking up to him, ignoring everyone else, and trying my damnedest to pretend like they weren't there, I kneeled down in front of him quickly, before he could stand to greet me. The only reason he wasn't already standing, I'm sure, was because I'd shocked the sense out of him when I came out of the house in my birthday suit, still shiny and in some places sticky.
"Cyn..."
I didn't wait for any other sentiment. This needed to start before I chickened out. Stephen wasn't a serious contender for Alpha, but as son of the current Alpha, his bitch still needed to be strong for the pack to be strong. His cock was still hardening, and I took him down to the base in one go without too much gagging, even without the desperate need driving me this time. As I massaged his cock with my tongue, in front of his parents, his sister, and about a dozen or so of his packmates, he grabbed my hair and arched more of himself into my mouth.
"Cynthia!" he grunted as he started to fuck my face, thrusting up into my mouth. I pulled myself off of his cock before he could cum. Slowly I stood before him, my nipples painfully taut as my pussy quivered, spent from the last couple of days, yet still begging to be used as some of his cum from earlier trickled out. He moved to stand, to take control and take over. I placed a hand on his shoulder before turning around to face his pack and lowered myself onto Stephen's cock.
I couldn't help the moan that came out as I took all of him. For the first few minutes I focused on the fucking, getting into a rhythm. Then I took in my audience, making eye contact with each of them and counting to three before moving on to the next. I did give Susie an extra show as I felt my first orgasm building. And as my new friend from inside had recommended, lastly, I bowed my head, deferring to Stephen's mom and dad. Both of them were grinning ear to ear. I knew my face was about the shade of a tomato, but I didn't know how to control that. Besides, I'd be flush from the pounding that Stephen was now giving me anyway.
"Cynthia...are you...ready?" Stephen asked between his groans. He was holding on as best he could.
"Yeah, Babe... I'm ready," I lovingly panted out.
He let loose another growl that went from him, tingling through to my pussy, making me cum yet again. Picking me up, he moved us to the ground and put me down on all fours. Pounding into my pussy as he moved my hips to him. He roared as his thrusts became sporadic and he filled me again with his cum. Carefully lowering me to the ground, he collapsed alongside me, panting together as we smiled against one another.
"I love you, Cyn."
"I love you, too, Stephen." I felt his broad smile against my flesh. I'd known it for a while, I think since my confession. But saying it...I'd never said it before. To anyone. He knew that.
No one seemed to care when I jumped as the whole pack that had witnessed our rutting sent up their ear-piercing howls into the night. I moved closer to Stephen, who promptly placed me atop him, wrapping his arms around me.
Remembering the dream as I looked out over the lake, my curiosity got the better of me.
"You knew it was that lake, didn't you? From my dream?"
"I did. Do you want to know what it means?"
"Yes!"
"It means you're mine."
"Iliterallytold you that, ya goof!" I shook my head at him, looking over the water.
Werewolves, so superstitious, thinking everything is so portentous...
"That was just a dream, though. Right...? Stephen?!"

Thank you for reading! Votes, comments, and feedback are always greatly appreciated!