Thursday was Marti's day off, so I took off early to get in some tanning time with her. I found her on the deck, totally nude, and lying on her stomach. Her tan was developing quite well, and I admit to being envious of her toned body.
I alerted her I was home and to expect me soon to join her.
I went upstairs, stripped, and picked up a towel and tanning oil.
I grabbed two wine coolers, and I sat on the hot wood deck. It burned so wonderfully!
Marti had turned over and was using the oil to cover her arms and mid-section as I opened the drinks. I was so envious of her body and learning she could have been a little sister or niece in another life. At 22, her thoughts were much more mature than the average young lady, and she enjoyed being without drugs and alcohol, so many young individuals need to impress their friends.
She and Mike were getting long so well, and I hoped Marti would eventually be a part of our family.
The phone rang, the spare one we keep on the deck, for oily calls, and I picked it up.
"Hello," I answered.
"Hey, you sexy thing!" the response came. It was James.
"Hi, James, what's going on?" I winked at Marti and said his name to
let her know who it was.
"I saw you 'escaped; early today. Are you at home doing so of that infamous sun tanning of yours?" I could hear a tint of hope that he had guessed correctly.
Using my best southern twang, I replied, "Baby, I am applying oil on my nipple as I speak. Wait until I sit down the bottle, and I let you listen as I massage it into my breasts".
"Gawd, you have to be the sexiest woman in the world! I'm a few blocks away, can I come over and watch?"
In my southern drawl, "Baby, you may have to lick all that syrup that is slipping down into my pussy lips. Will you do that for me?" I cooed.
I looked up to see Marti pointing at herself. It was too late to rush her out of the house without preparation, and no pre-arranged ploy to put together quickly.
"James, I have a guest over right now, and if you don't mind meeting my son's fiancé, you are more than welcome." John quickly asked how old she is probably not wanting to be around a 13-year-old.
"She over 21 a beautiful young woman. She will disappear if we need the 'space.' WE will need the 'space,' won't we?" I teased.
"Damn right, we will," he came back. "I'll be there in 10."
She is an adult, and she should behave as such. She is Mike's girl, and the rules they have sat down in between them. I don't talk about others' activities, and if things go well, we may end up with an ace in the hole. I didn't elaborate on the last comment.
I took the upstairs bathroom to clean up, freshen my make up and apply so cologne. Marti used the quest bath to quickly shower and get 'beautiful' with makeup and cologne. I put on a sun wrap and Marti, a bathing suit cover-up. We both decided to wear 4"heels to make the situation heightened.
I told her to sit on the deck, and I would bring James out to introduce them. She winked and said, 'this may be fun.' When she sat down, the cover-up opened enough to expose part of her bare pubes.
I had drinks prepared when James pulled in to drive. Marti took hers to the deck, and I stood by the door with James' and my own.
He knocked, and I said to come in and immediately handed his glass. His hand missed the glass and went to my left boob as if it was radar. He gently squeezed it and found my taunt nipple to tug. Good boy!
We finally broke our kiss, and he took his drink. I guess he had forgotten my comment about my quest, as he wasn't searching with his eyes around the house.
I led him into the den and sat almost in his lap. He sipped his drink and casually untied my wrap around. Reaching inside, he gently ran his fingers over my breast, causing my nipple to get as hard as a rock. I moaned. And I was laid back.
James put his drink on the coffee table and pushed back my garment. I raised my boob to his mouth and my nipple deep inside. "Oh, suck it, baby." I practically ordered him. His hand was between my open legs when, BINGO, I remembered Marti.
Not surprisingly, she was standing next to the recliner; foot raised to rest on the arm, allowing her to open her legs enough to play with her pubes. She winked that devilish wink of he's and blew me a kiss.
I decided it was time for James to blow his load. "James. I want you to meet my son's soon to be. James, meet Marti."
James backed away from my breast, and from the look on his face, he thought this better be good. He turned his head enough to see someone else in the room, and finally, he focused on Marti.
Marti had her hands on her hips, Her breasts pushed out of the cover-up, and in a model's pose, one knee bent in front of the other, and the hottest voice said: "Hi James."
I thought he would have a heart attack! She had never looked at my inviting than I had seen at that moment—her unturned nipples, the curve of her breasts, everything unbelievable.
"Isn't she adorable, James?" The poor man couldn't speak.
Imagine two women, both nearly nude, showing their bodies to you and who to say what to who? Finally, James got it together. "Sue, I thought we were talking about a little girl, not a beautiful woman like this!'
"Marti, did you see James sucking my boob? " I asked her.
"I did. And James seemed to be doing it so well," she replied as she cupped both breasts in her hands. "I would love to do that too."
James made a move to position himself in front of Marti's body, but I quickly moved between them. "Let's get the rules straight first.
"Marti is my guest. She is an adult and can make her own decisions.
"Anything that happens between us stays here. If I hear Marti's name outside this house or any reference to her, James, you will have hell to pay".
"AGREED,"?
James wanted Marti so bad he would have agreed to castration later.
I told the two of them I was going upstairs for a little while and should be back down in 15 minutes. Knowing by that time and everything should be well underway.
I sat at the vanity table and questioned whether I had push Marti into the action too quickly. Thinking about it for a short period, I decided to go down and use James for myself.
As I stepped into the den, Marti was seated on the couch, legs spread widely, and James's face was buried in her open mound. Her eyes were closed, and small moans were escaping from her lips. James's hands were on her breasts, massaging her full globes firmly.
With James kneeling on the floor, and his legs spread, I laid down and slipped my head between them. His testicles were dangling just inches above the carpet. I used my fingers to raise them and move the two jewels into my open mouth.
A slight flinch signified his reaction. I began to lick each with my tongue and such them gently into my throat. Their size surprised me a little, and I was soon choking on their fullness.
I turned my head slightly and backed away from his crotch. I cupped them with my fingers and whispered it was time from him to give me that wonderful cock in my pussy.
I moved onto the couch next to Marti and slipped my right hand over her pubic mound and three fingers deep inside her. She turned and kissed me fully and deeply.
I broke the kiss with Marti and looked at James. "Are you enjoying yourself?" I asked.
"I never in my like thought I would be in a sexual situation like this!" he said. "Two of the most beautiful women I've ever been with, breasts beyond belief."
I began to play with my left boob and told James to show me how much he wanted to please me. 'James, I was thinking about getting my nipples pierced, what do you think?" I was teasing, but I have heard that it is a massive fantasy of most men.
"Oh, hell, yes!" he exclaimed. "Each one, with hoops! He went on to salsify his dream.
I cupped my boobs, raised my nipples with my thumbs, and ordered him to 'show me how much he loves them.' He began to suck each one immediately and was using just enough pressure to make it enjoyable.
I took his penis, and after adjusting my hips to meet him at the edge of the couch, fed it into my pussy. I wiggled my ass to allow ever inch to go as deep as possible.
Marti was standing at the edge of the kitchen. She was watching James and myself but appeared wanting to join us. James had all hands full, I was occupying the majority of the couch, but I wanted her with us.
I told James to stop and let me have a few minutes with Marti. He backed off, and I took Marti's hand and went into the kitchen. As we fixed drinks, I told her I was comfortable with Anything she wanted to go forward.
She agreed, and as we talked, she said she wanted to be a little dominant with James. She asked if I thought he would agree. Laughing, I told her to get in her pussy; he would agree with Anything.
I preceded her back into the living room and handed him his drink. He was sitting on the floor, so I sat on the couch with my leg over his shoulder.
Baby, Marti has some games she wanted to experiment with and asked if you might be a little submissive sometimes. Any chance you might want to be with her?
A hesitation showed he wasn't a sub, but I believed he agreed to do so for this beautiful young woman.
James said he thought it might be fun. (I had no idea what Marti had in mind, but I wasn't going to miss the show for Anything!)
Marti had listened to the conversation and shortly entered the room. Wearing her 4" red heels, she towered over James. Marti didn't hesitate to begin her actions. I moved my leg, and Marti immediately placed the sole of her right foot on James' testicles. I could tell how much pressure she used, but a gasp escaped James' lips.
I a voice I had never heard previously, Marti TOLD James, she wants his servitude ultimately and unquestioned. Asking did he understand? He replied, yes.
"Yes. Who" Marti questioned.
"Yes, Mistress," He added, but not quick enough or with enough force as she increased the pressure on his balls.
She turned slowly and thrust her butt into his face. He was a little too low, so she told him to get on his knees.
"Spread my butt cheeks," Marti ordered. "And lick my ass."
Without a second of delay, James did as ordered. I repositioned myself to watch his tongue enter her. Marti pushed back against it. "Further," she ordered.
James tried to go deeper, but it was impossible.
I wondered if there would be Anything more humiliating than cleaning someone's ass, not as a form of love play, but as a slave. A woman was grinding her dirty anus against your mouth and tongue.
Once Marti was satisfied, she ordered him to stand. She led him into the downstairs bathroom and ordered him to watch his mouth with soap. He began to do so, but the efforts didn't meet her standards. I watched from the hall as she grabbed the bar of soap and forced it into his mouth. She turned the soap in her hand several times until he began to gag.
After several minutes, she told James to clean his ass and get the olive oil on the back of the commode.
James carried the oil, I picked up a towel, and we all three went back to the living room.
If James didn't know what was going to happen, he was an idiot.
Marti allowed him to oil her breasts, and to the extend she was moaning at the pleasure. I stood back and watched.
Marti spread her legs and pushed his hand down to her cunt. "Three fingers' is all she had to say.
James began to probe her sex, and she increased the moaning. Soon she was humping his hand. A climax soon followed.
I don't know if the climax saved James' ass that night or she was questioning in her mind if she wanted to go that far.
After recovering, Marti gave James a deep, long kiss and said he needed to please me now.
It was hot. I walked over to Marti, kissed up, and told her I wanted to taste that lovely pussy of her's later.
She decided to go up the stairs and take a nap.
Looking at James, I asked if he had enjoyed his time with Marti?
'Oh, Gawd, she is the hottest young woman I have ever met" Then, he added, "I thought for sure she was going to ream my ass with her hand."
"Well, the night isn't over," I told him!