During a game of golf Sam was bragging to Joaquin, "Marquita, my wife, has a fetish for sucking cock and swallowing cum. She sucks me until my knees wobble and I think it weakens my golf game."
"Your golf game is still awesome," Joaquin replied. This confession of sorts caught his attention.
A couple weeks later Joaquin realized he left a pair of golf gloves on Sam's front porch where they had met to go to the golf course. It was still early in the morning, and Sam had already left for work.
Joaquin was wearing a light cotton pair of golf shorts. They were thin and almost see through. He wore a golf tee shirt with them. As he was reaching his golf gloves, he heard the screen door open.
"Hi Joaquin," greeted Marquita, "How are you?"
"I am fine thank you. I just stopped by to get my gloves I forgot the other day." He held them up.
"Won't you come in for a minute?" Marquita had a sweet voice, and irresistible countenance.
She opened the door so Joaquin could come in. That is when he noticed her see through lacy top, and below the door panel he saw she was wearing a ruffled lace sheer lingerie bikini bottom. The white lace contrasted her dark black hair, and complimented her light olive-brown skin tone.
Instantly she noticed a bulge in his sheer cotton golf shorts, and didn't hide her interest.
When he hesitated she said, "Oh come on in, don't pay attention to me. Have a cup of coffee with me on the back porch why don't you?"
Following Marquita, Joaquin couldn't help but watch the sway of her hips and butt crack showing through her lingerie scrunch nightie. Coming through the kitchen she picked up a tray with coffee cups and a hot pot of coffee.
Marquita could tell Joaquin was looking at her every feature, including her dark pussy hair showing through the material, and her dark brown nipples poking out. She could see the lump in his shorts was straining.
They stood overlooking the garden in the back. While talking Marquita touched Joaquin's arm, then as she guided him to turn and look at something else, she let her arm drape around his waist. Her hand slid down his side and butt cheek.
"Let's take our shoes off and walk through the grass barefoot, and I can show you more of the garden." Without asking she crouched down and took off each of his shoes and socks grazing the side of her head against his cock as she leaned toward him.
They walked out a little way and she teased him with light touches against his body as they talked.
Suddenly she stopped as they were in the middle of a particularly soft patch of grass. She lightly hugged him feeling her nipples drag on his shirt. "Let's take your shirt off, it is such a nice day you might as well get some sun and fresh air."
Marquita gave a little kiss on his cheek, and started dragging her nipples down his shirt. She gave a little kiss on his neck as she started to pull up the back of his shirt tail. "Let's loosen this so the shirt will come up easier." She unfastened his shorts, loosening them up. She pulled up his tee shirt over his head leaving it draped over his head. While he had his hands occupied and bound with the shirt, his loosened shorts fell to the ground, and she pulled his underwear all the way down to his ankles.
By the time Joaquin had his hands free again she had his cock in her mouth, one hand on his ass cheek, and the other hand cupping his balls caressing his crotch.
Joaquin stood there outside in public, and naked. Soon he had his hands in her hair pulling her face onto his cock with her every cock sucking stroke. He was rock hard very quickly and enjoyed the wet firm feel of her mouth on his cock. He was getting closer and closer to orgasm and couldn't concentrate on anything else when he felt her finger slide up his butt and start massaging his prostate to get a maximum cum load.
Joaquin was on his tippy toes clinching his ass tight on her finger. His cock head was just at the entrance of her throat. She was teasing his cock head with the temptation and the brink of getting deep throated. Joaquin was at the verge of passing out from the exhilaration.
He was straining real hard when he started shooting cum all in her mouth at which time his cock head slid into her throat followed by the shaft all the way down to his balls. She licked his balls and let her finger dance and caress on his prostate. She smacked her lips tasting and feeling the cum on her tongue and dripping from the top of her mouth.
Joaquin was almost out of breath and nearly lost his balance. When he slowly opened and cleared his eyes Marquita was still attached to his body with a strong sucking deep throat, and her finger was still deep in his butt hole. He looked up and saw a male neighbor voyeur, Dan, looking over the fence with a thumbs up!
Joaquin lifted Marquita's top off, dragging it sensuously over her boobs, slowly teasing her hardening puffy nipples.
She finished up and cleaned his cock. She turned him and licked his ass crack and buns, squatting in a manner that showed off her shapely butt and legs. Marquita knew Dan, voyeur neighbor was watching. She enjoyed dressing with reckless abandon to see what part of her body would get the most attention from him when bared in a teasing way.
Dan had constructed a step to stand on because he so frequently was lucky enough to see Marquita walking in the garden in lingerie that revealed more than it covered. She had a beautiful body, and he had a high definition camera.
Joaquin turned around, his cock smacking her face, and he pushed Marquita such that she fell on her back. He lifted her feet, and pulled off her lacy lingerie. He was getting hard again already.
Dan was able to quickly get lewd pictures of her sprawled pussy. Her swelling pussy lips were protruding through her pubic hair.
Joaquin found a perfect position and started eating her pussy, licking it as she started to get wet, and sucking her clit and pussy lips. He loved the sweet lusty taste of her juices.
"Come on baby, I desperately want that manly tongue of yours in my pussy!"
Soon they were fucking missionary style, and she wrapped her legs around his back while humping and bucking wildly. She held his ass cheeks and he fondled her boobs with one hand and her ass with the other. The grunting and bodies smacking sounded like spanking. Then Joaquin turned her over and pulled her up on hands and knees.
Dan got some awesome pictures of her wanting asshole and shapely ass.
Rusty the German Sheppard was lying nearby watching intently and with jealousy.
Joaquin started fucking her doggy style with his stomach slapping her ass while he spanked her. He reached under and smacked the sides of her swaying boobs while fondling and cupping them. He caressed her back up and down the spine to the nape of her neck and then to her ass crack. He fondled and played with her ass, and gazed at and fingered her tempting asshole.
Suddenly Marquita looked over at Rusty and said, "Lube!"
Rusty got up and trotted out of sight, only to come back moments later with a tube of lube in his teeth. Marquita took the lube and petted Rusty, "Good boy!"
Handing the lube over to Joaquin, she said, "Go for it!"
Dan got some unforgettable pictures of Marquita getting anal, with the cock entering, then halfway, and then all the way in. He loved the way she wiggled her ass, squeezing the cock, and humping aggressively. Momentarily she looked his way, to see if he was looking.
Dan had plans to build a hidden glory hole in the fence by putting hinges on a few of the fence boards. He knew Marquita would go for it, and she would be hidden behind some of the garden plants.
Marquita and Joaquin fucked until they were both sweaty. Joaquin pulled out displaying her gaping asshole, then held it close to her open mouth while the biggest cum shot he ever had went straight into her mouth.
Dan had discreetly filmed it all.
Joaquin handed Marquita her panties and he started getting his clothes on.
Marquita passionately kissed Joaquin goodbye.
Joaquin wondered what Dan would do with those pictures.
***
To see my other listings click on Alluring_Crimson_Shifter below and enjoy!
***