I work as a software developer in a large office filled with a sea of cubicles. If you saw me sitting in my cube you'd assume I was just another tech monkey pounding at my keyboard. I wear dress pants and a button up shirt and my cube is strewn with Japanese robots. I'm not very tall and probably could afford to add a few pounds to my slender frame. I doubt it would shock many person seeing me that I've never had a steady girlfriend. What probably would shock people is the reason I've never had a steady girlfriend, that I have a thick 12+ inch cock in my pants.
I made a conscious decision not to let people at work know about my endowment because my penis obsession was running too much of my life and I wanted to keep it out my job environment. I also decided I would not have sex with any coworkers because I knew once one person found out word would spread like wildfire. That in no way means I was able to separate work from my obsession. The way I keep my dick hidden while wearing dress pants is I constrain it in spandex shorts. With my loose fitting pants you really can't see anything. However, when I'm sitting at work I just can't help myself. I'm constantly squeezing my cock and feeling its length and thickness. If someone comes to my cube to ask me a question there is a high likelihood I'm sitting at my chair with a massive erection.
Another thing I'll do is pull my dick from my spandex and run it up my shirt with an erection. I love to just sit there and hold my dick with both hands, feeling it's size under my shirt. If anybody were in the know of my habits they'd be able to spot when I have an erection because I answer questions by turning my head rather than my body in order to hide the huge bulge under my shirt. My first confession is that I masturbate in the bathroom stall quite frequently as in several times a day. Given the size of my dick it can be a challenge. When I unload I need to stand up and point my dick into the toilet to let lose my blast. It's a risk but I feel the pressure building through the day and I need a release. I have even masturbated in my cube upon occasion, just rubbing my dick in my pants.
This may all sound gross but it all stems from my obsession with my own dick size. I'm like an addicted smoker except I can't just go outside for a cigarette. I feel my dick every moment of the day. When I walk I can feel my cock rubbing against my spandex. When I sit in meetings I'm thinking about my dick. When I see a woman in the office I imagine her reaction if she saw my dick. I fantasize about seeing each female coworkers pussies stretched around my fat cock. I imagine all my male coworkers seething with envy. Sorry guys, just lucky I guess. I assume I have the biggest dick of any guy in the building. I have literally never seen a porn star that looked to have a bigger dick than myself. I've considered going into porn but I feel like that would be the end of me. It would be all about my dick and I would never be able to live even the semblance of a normal life.
I've never had a girlfriend but I've collected a whole lot of friends with benefits. People know if they're ever in the mood for some freak sex or they want to worship my cock I'm always up for it. On the rare occasions when I have nothing scheduled I'll take care of things myself. I have a tube of Vaseline, and I don't even need porn. I get so turned on by my own dick that I just look at it and rub with both hands like I'm polishing a banister. If I'm in the mood I'll just sit in a chair, bend over slightly and suck myself off. I don't need to contort myself like a pretzel of break my back. I just lean down a bit and I can get several inches in my mouth. I know exactly what my own cum tastes like and I'm not ashamed. I had one guy who challenged me to see how much cum I could produce. I filled a shot glass and told him to drink it which he did. If people think that's gross, I don't care. I love my dick and everything it produces. I've got big balls that produce a lot of cum and I love filling my own mouth and others.
Working in IT means sometimes working late and like a smoker I occasionally need my fix. If I don't have my release my balls will literally ache. I could stop off at the restroom but sometimes I'm feeling lazy. If I know the office is empty I'll pull my dick up my shirt, unbutton a few buttons and pop it in my mouth. It's like a gas pump in my mouth and I barely need to rub. The double turn on of cock size and public masturbation puts me 90% of the way there.
This is where my worst nightmare come true. I was sitting at my desk and absolutely sure that I was alone given the lateness of the evening and the silence in the office. I figured if worse came to worse I would hear someone approaching and pull myself together. I had my dick out and was pleasuring myself because self sucking takes care of the issue of what to do with my cum. Generally, I'm careful to sit with my back to my cube door but I was being sloppy and let my chair turn to the side. I was just at the moment of ejaculation and sucking the cum from my dick furiously when I heard a female voice apologizing.
A girl from one of the other development teams had heard me 'working' and came over to ask me a question. She must have approached like a ninja or maybe I was just too focused on the task at hand. I pulled my dick from my mouth just as a final blast hit me. She apologized again and started to walk away so I quickly composed myself and followed. I knew that if this got it was guaranteed I would be fired. I asked her to please please please keep this between us. She was like, 'that's fine, no problem' but it seemed hard to believe anyone could keep what she saw a secret. My dick was still partially hard in my shirt and most of the way up to my chin. She looked down and did the most inexplicable thing. She grasped my dick and gave it a squeeze and then walked away.
I hardly slept that evening and the next day went to her cube and mentioned that telling people would get me fired and she seemed totally cool. I never got the least bit threatening, if anything it was more grovelling. Time went on and nothing came of it. I had dodged a bullet. Occasionally, I would stop by her cube with some chocolates and was always extra helpful if she had questions. She eventually switched teams and later I'd heard she found a job in another company. Wherever she is I'd love to send her some good karma because she was super cool.
From then on I was more careful at work but that mostly meant making sure I kept my back to my cube entrance. I still needed my occasional release or else. Despite my obsession and occasional deviant behavior I wouldn't change my body one bit. I love the feeling of holding my fat, heavy dick and putting it in my mouth. I don't even feel like I'm sucking my own dick. I feel like I'm romancing a separate entity that just happens to be attached to my body. For me, my dick is the partner in life I have always been denied. Truth is, my dick is probably the reason I'm single but such is life. I wouldn't trade with anyone else.