Jen and I had arranged to meet at hers for a post mortem on our visit to the libertine club. It was a wild Wednesday evening as I rang her bell, clutching the obligatory bottle of red and a bunch of flowers.
"Flowers!" Said Jen, "what have I done to deserve flowers?"
"Introduced me to libertinism, of course." As I stepped into the hall of her neat, new build. The carpet was lush and even lusher as we made ourselves comfortable in the neat little sitting room, glasses in hand.
"Well Trish, how was it for you? Did you stick to your plan of just observing? Or did you jump in with both feet? Come on spill the beans."
"Spill the beans! It didn't take you long to pull, floating in the jacuzzi with your tits out. I had just started chatting to that older couple and when I looked round, there you weren't!"
"Well, you have to admit he was quite cute. You even said as much when we came out of the showers."
"The showers! Oh Jen that was such a new experience. I took a shower one away from you, so as not to crowd the place, and realised my mistake when those two guys came in. With only four showers I had to be surrounded by naked men!"
"I know. Fun isn't it?"
"I couldn't take my eyes of either of them. Tight little bums, tattoo, and a hairless package. Talk about a baptism of fire! Anyway the woman of the older couple near me obviously wanted to chat. She was lovely and quite happy for her hubby to go shagging, but even happier to go for it herself because watching her at it, turned him on so."
"So you just chatted to an older couple all night then?"
"No, of course not. The whole thing was a baptism of fire. Showering surrounded by naked men, watching a threesome in the cinema."
"So you found your way around ok then?"
"Well, actually I had some help."
"Come on then, do tell. This is like pulling teeth!"
"Well, when you went off with Andy, Mr Hairless package, his mate, Dave, came over and started chatting. I told him that this was my first visit and I was only observing and he, very gallantly, offered to show me round."
"Oh yea?" She said knowingly.
"Yea really. He was very nice and offered to show me round, no strings attached. He showed me the dungeon, the glory holes, the special mirrored rooms and the cinema."
I carefully skipped past the bit where I saw Jen getting hot with Andy, because it really dd seem a bit like prying, even though she was clearly in exhibitionist mode.
"In the cinema there was a threesome taking place, which I found particularly hot. I'd never seen real people having sex before but a threesome; this was something completely out of my fantasies.
"We watched for a while as this girl got a blow job. It wasn't so much the fact that she was getting a blow job, as the fact that she was comfortable, lounging in public, with a man's head between her thighs and another man's cock in her mouth.
"My brain went into overload. Whatever can that feel like? Which man was her partner, if any? I just got really excited watching and it didn't do Dave any harm either. He had his hand under his towel toying with his cock while we watched.
"I have to tell you that I have never even watched a man masturbate before: ever. Terry always satisfied his desires with me, or was very discreet when he needed a wank.
"I don't know what came over me but I stepped in behind him and started to help him out! His towel fell to the floor and he didn't even flinch. Jen, I was wanking him in public and all I could think of was, 'for fuck sake touch me.'"
"And did he?"
"Yes. Oh yes!
"So I, little retiring old me, with the less than perfect figure, even a touch of mummy tummy, suggested we find a room!"
"Good for you, go girl!"
"We did it all Jen, missionary, oral and he finally blew my mind while I rode him cowgirl. I haven't had a shag like that for years, not to mention the sensation as he came."
"So you'd rate the evening as a success then?"
"Definitely!"
"Would you go again?"
"I certainly would, even if nothing much happens. It's just so fantastic bing naked in such a sexually charged atmosphere. Being eyed up by all those hopeful men, with the knowledge that I can choose whether to fuck or not.
"Anyway, enough abut me. What about Mr Hairless?"
"He was great fun, had a good line of chat, and we got on well so I decided to take him for a test drive. We went to one of the mirrored rooms for a bit of oral and then I rode him cowgirl.
"He was brilliant with his mouth and his cock was a good ride so I left a message at reception for him. It simply said, 'fun evening, if you'd like to play again here's my email.'"
"Wow! That's different."
"Nowhere near as different as what happened next."
"You're kidding. What?"
"I feel a little strange about it really. Maybe even a little shy?"
"You? Shy? Come on! What happened? You've just got me to talk about having sex with Dave, you are so going to tell me what did happen next."
"I went back to the jacuzzi..."
"Big deal! And......?"
"Well, did you notice the little, slim, asian looking, girl in the jacuzzi, in the shadowy corner?"
"No, can't say that I did."
"Well, feeling well shagged, but still horny, as I often do, I went back to the shallow end to do a bit more advertising, when she came up and started chatting.
"She was very pleasant and appeared a little shy, but she complimented me on my boobs, saying that the problem with being asian is that hers were very small and her body didn't have any proper womanly curves.
"I said that lots of european girls would give anything to be slim, like her, trying to make her feel more comfortable. Then the conversation got much more personal.
"She said that she had watched me go off with Andy and had envied me my figure, but noticed that I had no pubic hair, whereas in her culture it was considered a sign of fertility, so girls never shave.
"Sure enough, I could see the rather luxuriant growth through the shallow water, so I just sad it was a matter of preference here, but most girls kept their bikini area tidy at least.
"We chatted on about the sexual preferences of our different cultures and I was really quite enjoying our girly chat, in my horny state, when she offered me a massage. When I looked hesitant she said that it was quite common, in her culture, to soap each other down with cool sponges, before taking a bath and that it was very relaxing.
"She insisted that I could say whatever made me feel good or uncomfortable, but that she really wanted to massage a western woman.
"I thought, 'this will be something new' and 'what have I got to loose?' So I agreed. We got out of the jacuzzi and we couldn't take our eyes off each other, she gazed at my shaved slit and I at her forest of jet black hair, and we both giggled like children caught playing I'll show you mine if you show me yours.
"On the way to the room with the big massage table, the one at the top of the stairs, she picked up a bag which I later discovered contained a full massage kit.
"I can't pretend I wasn't nervous, I've never been touched by another woman, well not since school days anyway, and she made me lie down on my stomach.
"Trish, her hands were magical. She drizzled some of her massage oil onto my legs and set to work. She massaged my calves, my inner thighs right up to the very edge of my fanny, just about touching my outer lips as her hands slid gently, but purposefully, back down the outside of my legs.
"I have to confess that it was quite magical, so gentle, so caring, so fucking erotic! When it was time to do my back, she moved to the head of the table and worked gently on my shoulders. Trish, her luxuriant forest of jet black hair was inches from my face and I was hot and horny.
"My arms set off on their own. They slid up the outside of her thighs and over her tiny bottom. She was clearly enjoying it because she stood with her legs slightly apart, and I could actually see that she was getting turned on.
"I was too, and when it was time to turn over, I was in for a treat, she massaged my breasts so gently and tenderly, not like a man at all, then she leaned forward and gently kissed each nipple.
"I was way out of my comfort zone, but it was just so fucking sexy that I didn't object. By now I'm in a state, and she ups the anti by working on my legs again, but this time with no holding back. When her hands reach the tops they just keep on going, over my fanny and up to my naval.
"With each upwards stroke her hands loitered on my pubis a little longer, sometimes making a slow circular motion and pressing down lightly on my outer lips. Not unlike how I prefer to start when I want to pleasure myself.
"She took one leg, massaged my inner thigh right up to my lips and put it back on the table, but with the knee fully bent. Then she did the other. I was in a trance, not to mention fully exposed, knees bent, legs wide apart.
"I would never have expected to let another woman do that to me. This was so far out of my comfort zone, but it was so sort of transcendental, spiritual even, that I just let it happen.
"She slowly allowed her hands to float up over my body, past my belly, towards my breasts and nipples. As she did so, she lowered her face gently towards my parted lips and looked quizzically into my eyes.
"Trish, I just nodded! Fuck, this girl was about to go down on me and all I could do was nod my agreement!
"Her mouth brushed over my parted lips. I felt the warmth and wetness of her tongue. I came the instant her tongue touched my clit. Not just any old orgasm, this was the totally out of control type of orgasm. Fireworks, sparks from clit to nipples and back. I think I actually cried out!
"I was totally stunned. I have never considered myself even bi-curious but she continued with her mouth until I came again. I can honestly say that I have never, ever, had oral orgasms like that from any man.
"By now I was feeling guilty and offered to massage her, but she took my hand and silently lead me to a play room. She locked the door, we dropped our towels and stood together stark naked running our hands up and down each other's backs and buttocks as we kissed.
"Her bush rubbed gently on my bare cunt. It was such a strange sensation without the usual probing erection desperate to penetrate, just so beautifully relaxing.
"I tried my best to repeat the experience for her, and I think I did a pretty good first attempt, but the absolute best was scissoring. It took us a while to find the right position, and lots of massage oil certainly helped, but the sensation of rubbing my clit on another girl, who was getting off doing it to me, was totally indescribable.
"We must have got pretty noisy because we both came several times and we didn't hold back, so when we finished tidying up, and opened the door, there were several surprised looking faces, several very stiff looking cocks, and several towels sporting sizeable damp patches."
"Bloody hell! The way you tell it, it sounds the most fantastic experience. Did you leave her your email too?"
"For some reason no. But Andy did react."
"You're kidding!" I said, as she pulled her iPad off the coffee table.
"Ta da! Here it is. Jenny, thanks for leaving your contact details. Dave and I had a great night with you and your friend. Maybe we could meet up sometime again soon. Andy."
"Wow! It's really that easy? Wonder what he has in mind?"
"Our fannies, is what he has in mind, but where and when? Hard to tell."
"I've only ever done it in private. The visit to the club was a giant leap forward for me."
"Strike while the iron is hot, I say. Broaden your horizons."
"My horizons were broadened massively last week and a bit more just now with your story."
"But did you enjoy it?"
"Of course."
"Did you have great sex?"
"Certainly."
"Did you cum?"
"Jen! What a question."
"Well did you? There's not much point in fucking someone at our age, unless he brings you off. You tell me that you had great sex with a man you'd never met, in a charged atmosphere so, did you cum?"
"Well, actually, I did."
"More than once?"
"Jen!"
"Oh, stop being so prissy, come on, it's only a simple question. After what I've just told you, I think you owe me."
"Oh all right. YES. Yes I came more than once. He got me off very quickly with a blow job, tonguing my clit as he held my cunt lips apart with his thumbs and forefingers, that man can breathe through his ears!
I couldn't believe what I was saying. Until last week it had been fanny or pussy or even lady bits but never cunt. Jen was clearly bringing me out of my shell and quite quickly..
"Then he took me from behind. It had been a while, as you know, and the sparks just flew as soon as his cock entered me, first cock in ages, and first new cock since Terry. He dragged my tits across the bed and literally fucked my brains out, then finally I rode him cowgirl to another mind blowing orgasm as he shot his bolt. There is that graphic enough for you?"
"Yea, that's much better! Go girl! I'll make a libertine of you yet, but would you even have tried it if I hadn't taken the lead?"
"Almost certainly not."
"So, go with the flow! If they want to meet up and the club: fine. If they want to pair off, like last time: also fine. I'm up for it, how about you?"
"Yea, you're right. Let's do it."
"Look, last time we went, I chose a mirrored room. I find having an audience, during a robust shag, a huge turn on. Knowing that I'm getting more than one man's rocks off while I'm taking my pleasure, adds a whole new dimension."
"It sounds unbelievably naughty, but also fun, and when Dave and I emerged from the room there were three men there obviously listening and one actually openly wanking. I can't pretend it didn't give me a little frisson of excitement."
"So, do you trust me to 'boldly take Trish where she has never been before'?"
The wine was definitely taking effect.
"You're on."
"I'll contact Andy and see what he has in mind. Do you have a preference for the club or a get together?"
"I think the cub. I'll be on familiar territory, to start with at least."
"OK, I'll steer him in that direction."
My mobile buzzed in my handbag. Why does the blooming thing always slip to the bottom and always sound like a vibrator?
"Hi Jen," I said, picking her name off the screen, "what's new?"
"Our two pals have suggested we meet up at the club on Friday at about 9. How does that sound?"
Now, totally sober, I swallowed hard realising what we were setting up. Hey it's only an opportunity to enjoy another shag with no strings attached, reasoned my mind, but lower down the effect was more physical. Go with the flow, I thought, giggling slightly at the accidental pun.
"Sounds fine to me."
Jen picked me up and we arrived at about 9:15. Didn't want to appear too keen, but the fact that we were all going to shag and be shagged before the evening ended, was a foregone conclusion.
We met in the bar, swathed in our towels, none to modestly on her part. As she sat on the bar stool revealing more than just thigh, it was obvious to anyone who cared to look that she wasn't wearing anything else, not even pubic hair! Dave couldn't take his eyes of her crotch not to mention the occasional wink from her outer lips as she shuffled about on her stool.
I just so wish I had her confidence. Now I really don't know why I was so reticent. This time I've come here for sex, not just to look around. I've come her to fuck this lovely man, that I barely know, for the second time in a week, purely for the fun of it, so what is my problem?
We chatted over a small glass of wine for a while, updating each other on our week and then headed for the jacuzzi, but first, a shower. This is where it had all started, the four shower heads all in a row and I had taken the next but one to Jen when Dave and Andy had come along and I was suddenly surrounded by two naked men for the first time ever.
Jen took the lead, as usual, and pulled Andy under a torrent of flowing water and started to wash his back with somewhat more attention to his, undeniably delicious, buttocks than was really necessary. Dave, in turn, looked at me and, as if asking me for a dance, said. "Shall we?"
I thought. 'I'm standing here beside you. We are both stark naked. I'm almost certainly going to welcome your very capable cock into my fanny before long, and you make it seem like a social occasion.'
Both men were obviously seasoned swingers because, in spite of a soapy massage, they managed to remain flaccid for quite a long time. Jen put paid to that by reaching over and soaping Dave's package while Andy worked on her buttocks with the occasional grope round to her hairless fanny.
When in Rome! I moved over and approached Andy from the back, squished my boobs into his back and reached round for his cock, which came to life quite quickly with some personal attention. By now Jen had Dave erect, she caught my eye and silently mouthed.
"Nice thick cock!"
And continued her task with lots of shower gel.
Andy broke the spell by suggesting we head for the jacuzzi, so we left the showers, simply dangling our towels in front of us as we made our way down the long tiled corridor to the jacuzzi, where we had all met, not that long ago.
Two weeks ago I could not have imagined myself walking naked down a semi public corridor, let alone accompanied by two naked men, one of whom I was planning to shag. What had happened to me?
When we arrived there was plenty of space, with only about four other couples, and a few singles, looking hopeful, enjoying the bubbly water. We took our places and chatted.
One of the singles, a slightly older man, moved over and started talking to a couple, themselves probably in their sixties. I don't know what his chat up line was, but it wasn't long before he was giving her a shoulder rub, while talking amiably with her partner. She seemed to be enjoying the attention particularly when he moved on to her boobs, which were large enough to be enjoying the support of the water, and floated invitingly in front of her.
The other people seemed to be enjoying the spectacle, and I felt a frisson of excitement flow through me as Andy's hand ventured onto my thigh, so I returned the compliment and toyed gently with his hairless package.
We sat enjoying exploring each other's bodies while the threesome continued their antics. After an little outburst of laughter, Mr Massage sat up on the edge, she turned to face him and took his semi erect cock in her mouth, while her partner took over the massage duties. However, his hands were much lower down, on her haunches, which she stuck out provocatively. The motion of his hips left no room for doubt, he had entered her from behind and didn't care who was watching.
Several minutes later they disengaged. She climbed out and sat, open legged, on the side, while Mr Massage slipped into the water to pleasure her in return. He buried his head between her generous thighs, while hubby played with her now unsupported breasts.
Presumably they decided that they were a good match and so she got up, grabbed her towel, and lead the two men off to, I know not where, but my imagination was running riot.
This was a whole new level of understanding for me. Not just a couple. Not just a swing, but a full on threesome with her partner, this woman was taking two men somewhere to pleasure her simultaneously. What have I been missing?
Andy whispered in my ear.
"You face is a picture! Do I detect a hint of envy? A penny for your thoughts."
"She's just gone off with two men! Two! How's that going to work?"
"Who knows? But it makes sense really. You girls don't have the same problem as us blokes. When she wears one out she can play with the other."
"So you think she'll fuck them both?"
"Almost certainly."
"And with her partner watching?"
"For sure. Cuckold is quite a big thing. Men who normally control every aspect of their lives often get a huge thrill out of relinquishing it, and what could be more out of control than watching your wife fucking someone else? And not necessarily only one."
"I must have grown up in a convent!"
By this time Andy's hands had become more adventurous and were caressing my boobs in the most delightful way. There is something very erotic about having your breasts played with as they try to float in a jacuzzi, not to mention that it's in public, and I could definitely feel a growing sense the excitement.
Dave was, meanwhile, making rapid progress with Jen. She was sat on his lap, back towards him, with her legs spread either side of his knees. The bubbling water allowed occasional glimpses of his hand between her thighs, which she was obviously enjoying, judging by the look on her face.
Somehow we exchanged glances at the same moment and, without needing to discuss it, climbed out to go in search of play rooms. I had imagined that this encounter would go much the same way as last time, and I would pair off with Dave again but, as we walked back down the corridor, it was Andy's arm around my waist, Andy's large warm hands touching my bare flesh and Andy's semi erect, hairless cock that my eyes were drawn to as he swung his towel casually rather than wrapping it round his waist.
Was I about to fuck Andy? Another new man inside two weeks? What would Jen say? Silly question as she seemed pretty occupied with Dave. I felt a familiar moistness gathering between my legs.
Nowadays, in situations like this, I sometimes have these bizarre imaginary conversations with my fanny.
"This is ridiculous, you're flowing and I haven't even decided if I'm going to shag him yet!"
Then fanny replies,
"I have! You are! And what's more I'm getting ready for the party. I'm juicing up ready to feel that nice stiff cock slide effortlessly all the way into me and, after it's stimulated every single nerve, I want to feel it jerk and twitch as it leaves me a nice creamy present."
"Ha! He'll be wearing a condom, so no present!"
"Got you! You must have decided to shag him or else how do you know he'll be wearing a condom?"
"I meant IF I decide."
"Liar, liar, pants on fire."
"Bitch!"
"True, can't argue about that. But this bitch is ready for action, so cut the prissy missy, drop your inhibitions along with your knickers, and let's both have some fun."
It was Dave who opened the door and ushered Jen in, then they both stood back for me. Now it dawned on me. Same room! Oh my god, I hadn't considered that. Are Jen and I really going to shag these guys in the same room? My natural reticence was rapidly being overridden by my fanny which had gone into lubrication overdrive.
"Oh you so are!" Indicated the wetness now seeping from between my legs. "You so are!"
Having laid out the towels they motioned us to lie down on our stomachs and squatting naked on our buttocks they started a sensuous back rub. As Andy massaged my back and shoulders I could feel his balls lift off my bum and settle back again: truly delicious.
Lying side by side we enjoyed the sensuous feeling of being pampered by the men. They were good: very good. Jen turned her face towards mine and smiled. I think it was then that it started to happen. Our arms slid out, touched one another, and we found ourselves holding hands, enjoying the sensory overload.
I could enjoy the view of Dave's naked form massaging Jen's back as she enjoyed a similar experience. It was so erotic, being massaged by a naked man while watching my life long pal getting the same treatment.
The boys indicated that it was time to turn over and, as we sat up, the hand hold somehow became a hug. I'd never hugged a naked woman before. I don't know if it was the charged atmosphere of the club, or a latent desire, but as our breasts touched I felt totally free.
We looked deep into each other's eyes and, after her story about the asian girl, I felt it was up to me how this was going to progress. With our eyes still locked, I leaned forwards and our lips just brushed lightly against each other. We moved apart and without thinking I put my arms around her neck, pulled her back towards me and this time we kissed, not just the brushing of lips, but a full on, tongue duelling, kiss.
The boys sat back in surprise and watched as our hands started to explore each other's breasts and backs and buttocks. A woman's body is so soft and smooth. I know what my breasts feel like, and I know what my nipples feel like either soft or erect, but I had never touched another woman's. I had no idea it could be so erotic, as I felt her nipples stiffen to my touch.
We lay down again, side by side, and continued our stroking and exploration. After a while, Jen lifted one of her legs on top of mine. There was no thought process, no hesitation, I knew exactly what to do. I slid my upper leg between hers and pressed my fanny firmly against hers as I pulled her top leg to increase the contact. We each tried to get that magic pressure on our clits.
Suddenly I sensed it. As I rocked gently against her, our slick fannies touched and separated repeatedly. Strangely it was the parting, just as we broke contact, that was the most erotic. Each new contact and separation produced another shower of sparks from my clit to my nipples.
Jen took my breast in her hand and gently drew the nipple into her mouth with suction. This was totally new: totally different and totally unexpected. I was not just having sex with my best friend ever, I was making love to her and she to me. Years of friendship, shared memories, both good and bad, just dissolved in the juices of our passion.
There was no rush. No pounding. Not like sex with a man when he sets off for the finishing post. There was no goal, no rush to orgasm, no need to inseminate or be inseminated, just the primal desire to pleasure and be pleasured.
How long we stayed like this remains a mystery, and I don't really care. I felt feelings I'd never felt before, not an orgasm exactly, but somehow something just as satisfying. We broke from our kissing, caressing and tribbing eventually and rolled onto our backs, side by side, holding hands, grinning stupidly.
The boys were awe struck. They had sat and watched the whole thing, stroking their cocks, and trying not to come. I have no idea why girl on girl action is so fascinating to men but it is. I also had no idea I had a bi side, but obviously I do.
"Come here. Let's see if I can't help you with that." Said Jen, Indicating Dave's erection. He moved over onto the bed and knelt in front of her. She took his cock lightly between thumb and forefinger, rolled his foreskin right back and, making an O with her lips, sucked the tip very gently into her mouth.
Not knowing how best to proceed I got up, moved over to Andy and pushed him gently onto the bed. Kneeling on the floor between his parted thighs, I too started a blow job. Both men were obviously in a highly aroused state and they had to get us to stop after really only a short while. Jen reluctantly let his 'nice thick cock' slip from her lips knowing that to continue would only lead to a mouth full of creamy cum and an unsatisfied feeling in her fanny.
To quieten things down, and reduce the chances of them shooting their load before we actually fucked, Jen suggested the boys go down on us. We lay on our backs, side by side, while they scooped up our knees and set to work on our already engorged fannies.
Glorious as it was, I couldn't resist toying with Jen's nipples, rejoicing in my new found sexuality, while she herself pressed Dave's head down between her splayed thighs, with both hands, and ever increasing enthusiasm.
While Andy was licking gently around the general area of my clit, I couldn't help but wonder what it would be like to have Jen down there. Maybe we could even be lying, head to tail, with me on top and pleasuring each other simultaneously. I then had the realisation that, if anyone knows how to give a girl oral, it's another girl: no anatomy lesson: no need to slow down as the climax approaches. They know all this stuff.
While I was musing and enjoying my blow job, I sensed a movement on the bed. Jen had rolled away from Dave's tongue, turned over onto her front and flattened her breasts on the surface with her bum in the air. Dave had taken the hint, rolled on a condom and was preparing to enter her from the rear.
My position gave me a view of Jen's face, upside down, and I wriggled up towards it just as Dave entered her. My face, now directly under hers, allowed us to kiss and me to fondle her generous tits as they rocked back and forth in time to Dave's thrusts.
Andy saw what was happening, slipped on a condom and entered me missionary style. He fucked, Dave fucked, Jen and I kissed and stoked breasts. The whole scene was extremely charged and it wasn't long before I felt Andy cum. The feeling of his cock, twitching and jerking, deep inside me set off my own orgasm and Dave, already high on the eroticism of the afternoon shot his load into Jen. We collapsed into a sweaty, exhausted, but satisfied pile.
It wasn't until Andy mentioned it, that I noticed a window high up in the far wall. A window overlooking the play area. A window with four faces pressed to the glass, at least one of which was female. A window with indubitably four happy voyeurs, mostly either wanking or having just cum.
I had mixed feelings about having been observed, without my knowledge. Part of me was slightly annoyed, but then I should have known that this was one of the observation rooms. Part of me was quite proud. How many people had we actually made cum during our impromptu performance? It really didn't matter. I was learning that, quite apart from love, sex has great value as a recreational activity and also as a spectator sport.
This was longer than my normal stories but there was just so much more to tell!
Feedback and comments are always welcome, so what did you think?