A man and woman trying to re-ignite the passion
NOTICE: Copyright © 2021 - This is an original work by EdwardKalb and is protected under copyright by U.S. copyright law. It is only submitted at Literotica.com and the Author has not authorized any submission to any other site.
Author's Note: This is the continuation of the journey of a man and a woman trying to re-ignite the passion in their marriage after raising 3 kids. In previous writings, highlights of our experiences on a holiday in the Caribbean a year ago proved life changing and marriage saving. The flame ignited in that trip began to burn a bit hotter each day since.
(This story contains real-life experiences and re-counts actual events of our life. The writer enhanced the story with certain (small) details. If you are looking for a quick fuck and suck story, this is not for you. Follow this couple as they explore new erotic adventures and see where this road takes them)
If you haven't read, "An Unmastered Wife's Re-Awakening", I'd suggest that you do so prior to this...
------------------------------
Edward and Susan were in their hot tub, naked of course, enjoying a few cocktails one beautiful December night.
"It's a beautiful night, isn't it? Look at all those stars!" Edward said as he admired Susan's boobs gently bouncing with the flow of the hot water from the Jacuzzi jets.
"Yes -- look at that. Just beautiful! What a lovely night!" Susan leaned her head back obviously enjoying the relaxing feeling of the hot water flowing all around her naked body.
The light of the moon cast a gentle glow all over his wife's body. "Sweetheart, you look really sexy with the moonlight bouncing off your boobs."
"Ahh...thank-you!" Susan answered shyly. "You don't think our neighbors could see us out here, do you?"
Despite the fact that his wife was physically beautiful, Susan was always rather shy by nature. Edward has seen his wife turn heads, especially when she 'dresses up,' yet she refuses to acknowledge just how attractive she actually is.
"If they can, I am certain they would enjoy it as much as I am now!" Just as he said that, Edward raised himself out of the water to show Susan his erection.
"Wow...you ARE enjoying yourself! What is it that is getting you so excited?"
**********
In his fantasy world, what Edward came to realize was, he was the voyeur and Susan was the exhibitionist. This is what turned his crank. But regrettably, he believed those were likely to remain...just fantasies.
Edward knew both he and Susan loved each other immensely, and genuinely liked being around each other. The problem was that over the years their sex life had started to decline. Edward grudgingly accepted the once-a-week sex (always missionary, always with limited foreplay - as if to get it over with quickly). Despite the help of his hand and an active imagination to relieve his sexual needs, he yearned for more.
His wife had never been an adventurous sexual creature--it just wasn't her thing. And the natural result of being in a long-term relationship, he had a tendency to de-sexualize and de-objectify his wife, taking her for granted and no longer seeing her as an alluring and sexual woman.
Then more recently, Edward endured fellas at work talking about how liberated and provocative their wives were. With envy, Edward listened when one friend described the time his wife slowly stripped off all her clothes and got naked at a roadside picnic, and then sucked and fucked him while cars and trucks sped by a short distance away.
Edward listened to still another friend describe the time when his wife got real playful removing her panties in a restaurant, within eyesight of other patrons, and then letting her husband play with her pussy while the waiter took their order for dessert.
Another good friend recounted the time his wife gave him a blowjob wearing only a short skirt and heels - no top or panties while they drove around the city streets. At stoplights, pedestrians got views of the action...and his nearly naked wife.
Over beers, another friend went even further, admitting he encouraged his wife to dress in short skirts and high heels for a "girls night," in the hopes she would get hit on.
While at the time such admissions were foreign to him -- his wife would never act that way - the thought of his wife acting similarly naughty had a surprising effect. It aroused him.
Edward felt a tinge of jealousy that he was missing a lot of what his friends had. Those wives were great mothers and housewives that turned into hot, sexy, vixens on occasion and it made him ache with envy. He wondered why his wife was so conservative and uptight, almost to the point of being prudish. He wanted to have a frank discussion with her, hoping he could somehow let his wife know how he felt without being scolded, called a pervert, or most importantly, irreparably damaging their relationship.
Thankfully there were some encouraging signs that things were going in the right direction. They had rediscovered a missing passion for each other on their previous holiday in Punta Cana almost a year earlier. And in the weeks following, they lusted for each other in ways not seen since they were newlyweds. He believed that was the shot-in-the-arm their relationship needed.
In the weeks following that holiday, they played through thoughts, words, and fantasies. They role-played different scenarios and the sex became as they had not had in a long time -- more passionate, more powerful, and more loving.
He wanted more. So from his continuing research, he knew that communication was a key amongst couples. He decided he would be more open to tell Susan what he wanted and what pleased him, even if those thoughts previously would embarrass him.
But because of Susan's timid and reticent attitudes about sex, he needed to wait for the right time.
***********
"Well...you know I absolutely loved it when you took your top off on the beach in Punta Cana," Edward started nervously, tentatively. He knew he had to be careful with his words. But he sensed Susan was in not only a 'good' mood, but he also sensed she may be willing to talk about the sensitive subject of sex. Edward believed he had the opening he was waiting for.
"I loved when we took those long walks and you were topless," he started.
Susan smiled, but did not say a word.
Edward continued. "I loved seeing guys walking towards us staring at your boobs. I saw them watching your boobs jiggle, and I absolutely loved how confident and sexy you were, walking with your shoulders back, not even trying to cover up."
Susan looked down embarrassed. She felt guilty for allowing herself to become so brazen. She did notice guys checking her out as she sunbathed or walked on the beach topless. She noticed some guys staring directly at her tits, and not even trying to be discreet about it. But parading around the beach with her tits out allowing other men to ogle her was really not something she considered 'normal.'
Yet deep down, she did find it thrilling - the whole experience not only gave her an unexpected shot of confidence in her body, but it also made her feel quite sexy and dare say, naughty.
"Okay, I will admit it - that was fun," Susan finally spoke. "At first I didn't like it. It was nerve-wracking, to be honest. Iaman older woman and after kids, my body is not where I would like it to be. But I have to admit, I felt liberated and quite rejuvenated. It felt like I was part of a sisterhood. And admittedly, it was flattering to have someone other than you find me attractive."
Susan's admission was so unlike her. She NEVER talked about things that involved sexual situations.
Then Susan added, "Maybe, just maybe, I will do it again some time!"
"Really? I would absolutely love a repeat of those two days. Those were the best two days of my life!"
"Oh come on!! The best two days of your life? Get real!" Susan challenged.
"I'm serious. If you remember, our sex life was at a low point before that holiday. But those last two days of that holiday brought us out of that funk. You were incredible! You were sexy, confident, sensual, and I felt a closeness to you I hadn't felt in years."
"Shall we plan another holiday in Punta Cana?" Edward asked.
***********
Susan was a mother to her three kids and a wife to a wonderful man. She had a great family, a big house in the suburbs, and financially, they were okay. She felt fortunate to have the life she had. She did not want to do anything to screw it up.
Sex was good - every Saturday night, she and Edward would get it on in their bedroom. Missionary was her position of choice. She did not care much about oral, neither giving nor receiving. Anything involving sex toys was out of the question. No porn watching either. And while she tolerated her husband's more relaxed attitude towards nudity and sexuality, those topics made her very uncomfortable when applied to her own state of being.
Occasionally, Susan and her husband would get together with Edward's friends and their wives. She noticed that the wives, at times, dressed quite provocatively with shorter dresses, sexy high heeled shoes, and low cut tops. She actually felt a bit jealous that these women felt comfortable and confident enough to dress like that. Susan was approaching fifty years of age and felt that time had passed.
But at that holiday in Punta Cana, she ventured into that world she once considered lewd and forbidden. First she had the confidence to stride out on to a beach wearing a tiny bikini. After getting past her initial shyness, she wore it with her head held high, not giving a damn about how other people thought of her.
Then, she surprised herself when she removed her bikini top. Although she did it in acquiescence to her husband's request, she still could not explain why or what came over her. But, she did remember how freeing it felt when she sunbathed topless. The warm sun and gentle breezes on her boobs felt exquisite. She felt so very liberated, and became much more accepting of her body.
And despite reservations about her age, she saw the admiring and lustful looks of other men. It boosted her self-confidence. She felt like a sexy, desirable woman once again.
And the additional benefit...their sex life went from mundane to hot!
***********
"And what I found surprising," Edward continued, "I loved it when some of those guys looked over at me and gave me an appreciative nod of approval. I mean, it was almost as if they were saying, 'you are one lucky man!' And I found that quite stimulating, actually. I mean, I didn't know how I would actually react to other guys openly ogling your boobs; but I have to admit, I found it absolutely thrilling!"
"That's what surprised me the most. You used to be so jealous -- so possessive, even if a random guy just smiled at me."
Early in their marriage, she worked in a predominately male firm. Naturally, she became quite popular as working late often led to invitations for drinks or dinners later into the night. Although she was always with a group of colleagues, Edward often became very jealous.
Most of those after work activities were quite innocuous. But because she was one of only a handful of women in the firm, she was quite popular and sometimes boundaries were pushed.
Susan recalled an incident years ago at an after work party at a bar in the City. A guy, a co-worker, asked her to dance. It was late into the night and they both had several drinks. She knew this guy liked her, and for some reason, perhaps feeling the effects of the alcohol, she flirted with him that night and allowed things to go further than she should. When Edward showed up at the bar earlier than expected to take her home, he found the guy kissing and feeling up her ask. And he naturally got pissed. After they left the bar, Susan knew things got out of line and apologized several times, but Edward remained silent the entire ride home.
"Yes, you're right. I remember those days! I admit -- I...I was insecure back then. I had these fears that you would wake up one day and runoff with a rich, smarter, or better looking guy, or just realize you could do so much better than me."
"Honey!!!!"
"Well, that's how I felt. I 'married up' and I feared you would come to your senses and realize it was a mistake."
"I hate when you say you married up. It implies I settled for someone."
"Well, you were raised in a higher social class and standing, you were more attractive and more intelligent..."
"Stop it!"
"Okay. Well, I feel differently now." Edward paused before coming back to the subject and admitting, "I really can't explain it. Maybe it's because I feel far more comfortable in our relationship now. Maybe it's because I am confident that we are solid. All I can tell you is, now, Iwantyou to be more playful."
Susan stared at her husband in surprise and disbelief.
"Look, I absolutely loved our time in Punta Cana! I loved your confidence! I loved your sexiness! And I had no problem at all showing you off! In fact, I found it quite exciting!"
Thinking back to that time in the Caribbean, Susan still couldn't believe she did what she did. It was a sharp departure from her usual self. She rationalized the whole idea of that trip was to leave her 'normal' thinking behind.
"And I loved how you teased those guys!"
"Well, I did it just for you!" Susan snapped shyly. She knew what Edward was referring to, and she really didn't know what came over her. Sure there was a point in time last year she may have pushed things too far. She remembered deciding,"Hey, if you want to see my tits, here they are. I will never see you again."But why did she cross the line from innocent sunbathing to outright teasing? And why does she still have trouble admitting to her husband that the experience turned her on as well?
Edward believed his wife's words were a denial of her true feelings, but he didn't care. He was grateful for his wife leaving her comfort zone and being that sexual creature that he believed was inside, and that he craved, even if it was for only a couple days.
***********
Actually, Edward was beyond grateful. After years of puritanical conformism, he watched Susan break free and explore her sexuality. And those memories played through his mind -- constantly. He found himself recollecting every step, in extreme detail, and he often used those moments both for personal gratification as well as 'sexy talk' foreplay with Susan.
But while he loved showing off his wife's tits, he had a hunger for more. As perverse as it may be, he fantasized of his wife elevating her teasing, and flirting more openly with other men. He wanted to 'watch' his wife's interactions with other men.
He couldn't explain why...he wasn't a cuckold. But he found himself incredibly aroused fantasizing of his wife being naughty.
He fantasized of his wife wearing provocative clothes. He fantasized of his wife getting 'hit on' by other guys. And while he knew it was wrong and perverse, his arousal increased with the thought of his wife acting even more mischievous -- even pushing the social taboos of their marriage vows. It was something that turned him on -- immensely.
Perhaps it was a pride thing - proud that other men found his wife attractive. Perhaps it was a competition thing, where he knew no matter how deep things got, his wife would come home to him. Whatever the reason, all of that became an immense mind-fuck for him.
In fact, he became consumed by fantasies of his wife transformed into a weekend sexy vixen, one that he can show off, and a woman that other men lusted after.
However, he had to deal with the realities of life. Since having kids there simply wasn't much time to talk about, or maybe the discipline, to openly discuss this fantasy with his wife.
**********
"I actually wish that another guy could see you right now; naked and looking so beautiful! You look hot, and I would be so proud to show you off!" He decided to continue before Susan cut him off and shut down the conversation.
Susan kept her head back enjoying the soothing hot water. "Yah right! You really wouldn't mind if other guys saw me completely naked?"
Edward took a deep breath and said, "Actually...I would not only mind, I would be incredibly turned on. In fact, I have fantasized about you taking your teasing further."
Susan opened her eyes wide in shock. "You would want that?" she asked, astonishment clearly in her voice.
"What?"
"You actuallywantme to be naked in front of other men? What, like a stripper? And what do you mean, take teasing further? You want me to go out and be a cock tease?" she asked, almost trembling now.
Edward decided to keep going. He thought,"what the hell -- the door is pushed open!"Often times Susan would stop him and say she didn't want to hear any more. Other times she just listened.
And he trusted Susan more than ever, and he believed she trusted him. And even if he admitted to such a perverse fantasy, he believed there were some things that would remain their secret.
"Well...I can tell you I am blessed with a woman who is in all my fantasies," his heart skipped a beat as he explained his idea. "It would turn me on if...you would...just dress a little sexier -- on occasion. I know you would get the attention of other guys...and when you do, just tease them a little more..." Edward admitted he wanted to watch his wife engaged in the flirting process.
Susan looked at her husband in stunned silence.
"And even more if you feel comfortable," Edward blurted, surprising himself. Although he wanted her to know that she could take that flirting even further if she felt comfortable, perhaps it was a step too soon to admit at this point.
"What do you mean, take it as far as I feel comfortable?
Edward now felt embarrassed. He remained silent as he tried to think about getting out of this hole he dug for himself.
"Edward!!!???"
The reality was, Edward had this lingering fantasy that was hard to explain. For some odd reason, the fear he once had of his wife leaving him for a richer or better looking guy slowly morphed into an intense desire to share her with another man. He knew the reality was usually different from the fantasy, and it was a potentially risky, forbidden path, but he wanted to explore this kink further.
"Well, it's just that...I want you to discover your boundaries and then move past them. The thought of what other men would be thinking and the thought that another man would want you, sexually, are hell-of-a turn-ons for me," Edward said quietly, looking into the bubbling water and avoiding his wife's glare. He knew it was a devilish statement, but he was curious how far she'd go, and how far he would 'allow' it.
Silence prevailed as they both pondered the next move. He wanted to explore this ultimate fantasy further, but Susan's eyes revealed the surprise and disgust, so he chose to hold those thoughts and not push further.
"Is that what this is about?" Susan asked pointedly breaking the silence after what seemed like minutes. "You actually want me to flirt with men, tease mean, and then what - have sex with other men?"
"Well...I'm not sure about that," Edward explained as he sat more upright. "It's hard to explain and I suspect even harder for you to understand, but I would like you to open yourself up to new adventures. After years of puritanical conformism, set yourself free! Look, I have no doubt you will have the attention of many men, and when you do, maybe don't automatically blow them off. Just enjoy it a little, play with that experience, and see where it takes you, and takes us," he said.
"I don't understand why? Is this so you can have sex with another woman?"
"No! That's not what this is about. I have no interest in having sex with other women."
Edward continued, "It's just that...it excites me, knowing that other men want you so badly, but knowing that at the end of the evening, you were coming home with me." He confessed that he could not explain why it affected him like it did. He suggested perhaps it was the thought of his wife being so highly desirable, it enabled him to puff up with pride that she washiswife.
Susan saw a look of nervous excitement and desire in her husband. But his admission sent her mind spinning. How could a manwanthis wife to do such a thing? Did he not love her? Was she not good enough for him? She knew one thing; this was something she believed she could never do.
Edward smiled and said, "Do you think you can at least give it some consideration?"
With no response from his wife, he continued, "If you ultimately decide that you don't want to go down that path, we can just drop the idea. But if the thought of continuing down this road of sexual exploration arouses you like it does me, and somewhere deep down you think you may enjoy it, even a little, then what would be the harm?"
Susan remained silent. But Edward felt the need to lay it all on the table. There was more to explore; and he hoped his wife would be a willing participant.
"Think about it, please? Will you promise me that?"
***********
In fact, since that holiday in Punta Cana, Susan's thinking had changed. She hadn't been lusted over like that in a long time, and surprisingly, the attention on her from other men and the obvious enjoyment they got in watching her made her feel...sexy!
And the fact that she continued to receive complements and encouragement from Edward helped immensely. He essentially made her realize that, despite approaching middle age, her body shouldn't be hidden. And when her cajoled her into wearing some sexy lingerie he bought for her one night, she saw the immediate effect on his libido.
Susan was tall, blonde, and was blessed with a nice body. With firm B-cup perky boobs that did not sag, long legs, and a nice shapely rounded ass, she had a great canvas to start.
So with the encouragement of her husband, Susan slowly transformed from wearing the frumpy, baggy clothes, to wearing sexier, fitted clothes that showed off her curves. She stopped wearing her plain cotton panties and bras, choosing lacy bras of different colors and tinier, sexier underwear, and even thongs. Instead of constantly wearing pants, she wore more skirts and dresses. And her skirts and dresses were shorter, tighter, and more stylish that accentuated instead of hid her assets.
Flat shoes were replaced with heels; and she wore those heels to work or when they went out on the town. Susan even started keeping her pussy hair trimmed and well groomed.
With all of this, and some confidence gained, she was looking hot.
And Edward believed it was important for Susan to know how hot she looked; so he continually reinforced that part daily to Susan. He tried to complement Susan often; how she looked, her body, or her choice of outfits. When she looked good going out to a party, he told her so. If she wore heels, he thanked her for wearing them and told her how good her legs looked in heels. He wanted to let her know that her efforts were not going unnoticed. He wanted Susan to believe in herself and to know not only how good she looked, but also how lucky he was to be with her.
And the result was, she now looked at least 7-10 years younger than her nearly 50 years.
Edward did his part also. He watched what he ate and became educated on healthier eating. He started a regular exercise program. He became disgusted with hearing other guys critique every woman they passed; from the shape of her body to what she wore, while at the same time not looking in the mirror to improve on their own looks and ever expanding waistline. He even started to 'man-scape.' He concluded if he wanted his wife to look good and sexy, he would do the same for her (even if that meant shaving his cock and balls!).
Edward loved everything about the updated Susan! Those little things really improved their love life too and brought them closer together as a couple. After almost 30 years of marriage, it was once again fun and exciting to be with his wife.
***********
"I really don't think you would!" Susan said in a challenging way.
"What?"
"I don't think you are serious. I don't think you would ever want me to purposely try to get hit on and picked up by another guy!"
Her statement was not entirely intended to challenge Edward's fantasy. Susan had her own fantasies.
After almost 30 years with the same guy, she had thoughts about other men. There were several guys she knew who she was attracted to. She actually let her mind wander at times, wondering what it would be like to be 'with' them. And sometimes she even wondered what they would be like...in bed. But she always dismissed that thinking. She was, after all, a 'good girl' and happily married. Yet, here was her husband asking her to explorehis/herfantasy further!
"I thought about it a long time. I think it would be hot!"
"How would this happen? How would I find these other guys to 'tease?' "
Edward sat upright. He gathered his thoughts and nervously outlined, in detail, one of his fantasies.
"Well, we could go to a bar in a high-end hotel in the City. In my fantasy world, you are dressed extra sexy -- you know, a short skirt, with a low cut top, and nice high heels. I would drop you off so you can go in alone," he said, his voice shaking with nervous excitement.
He gulped and continued, "Then I would wait a few minutes and come in later and find a seat at the end of the bar. I would watch all these horny men taking turns talking to you and buying you drinks. You would flirt with a few of them and maybe innocently flash guys, showing the tops of your thigh-high stockings or showing a peak of your lacy bra."
"Hmmm, okayyy...anything more?" Susan asked.
She didn't immediately dismiss such a thought, so Edward continued.
"Then, in my fantasy that is, one of them would ask you to dance. I would watch as you both slow danced. His hands would be exploring your body. And by your body language, I would see you were not only accepting, but also loving all the attention. I would know that you were not wearing underwear and would wait for the moment the guy realized also. Then you would flirt a little more before excusing yourself and leaving the bar with me. We would both be so hot and we would play in the parking lot and then again the car ride home before having wild passionate sex in our bed."
"So, you just want me to tease? And then just leave these poor guys...just leave them hanging there...without a word?"
"Well, yes, for starters. Actually, I have fantasized about you going even further."
"Going further means what -- you want me to have sex with another guy?"
"Well...I honestly can't say Iwantyou to...have sex with another guy that is. Right now, I want you to push your boundaries as far as you are comfortable. If you had the opportunity and wanted to take it further, I would be okay with that, as long as you keep no secrets and tell me every sexy detail when you return to me."
"But, what do you mean by 'taking it further?' " Susan pressed.
"Well, it would be up to you. I would not stand in the way as long as you are comfortable with it. I would not want you to do something against your will. I am not forcing you to do anything you do not want to do."
"I am shocked, but strangely curious at the same time. Explain. Would I be alone with these guys? Could I do anything I want? Could I have intercourse, have oral sex, anything?"
"These aremyfantasies, and I know there is a chance they would not really happen. But I can tell you I have thought about this many times, and I get so excited at just the thought it!"
"How would you trust me?" Susan stared, mouth open.
"So here's the thing...I want you to experience great pleasure. I know after so many years of being true to each other, our sex life may have become mundane, routine and maybe even boring.Iknow you are a beautiful woman and would have no problem finding another good-looking guy, but I don't thinkyourealize how desirable you are. I am hoping this will be a positive experience and give you more confidence. Confidence IS SEXY! And I will certainly be the beneficiary of a sexy wife! And again, I am not doing this so that I can have sex with another woman. That is not what I am interested in. And one last thing, I am not forcing you here. If you are not interested in this, that is okay. I want you to be comfortable and happy."
"Well, going out without panties and innocently flashing people - that's one thing. But are you suggesting...in your fantasy that is...that you want me to take a guy to bed? Am I having sex with this guy?"
Well...it would be up to you. It's not something I want, but I want you to be happy. So if that is what you want...."
"I want? I can tell you, this seems pretty crazy to me, Edward!" Susan admonished, cutting him off.
Edward could feel his heart begin to pound in his chest. He was glad he brought it up and put it out there. However, he was hoping she would be more interested.
"Look, let's just forget it. Perhaps I should not have brought it up. I just felt...a connection..."
Susan stared silently into the night sky. She had a mixture of emotions running through her. On one hand, she was shocked by Edward's offer to persuade her to 'date' another man. Did he not love her anymore? Was this really a set up to allow Edward to have sex with another woman?
On the other hand, why was she having feelings of excitement? Was it the wine clouding her thoughts? Could she really do it? Why was she was intrigued by the thought of another man caressing her body; and even feeling his manhood inside her?
She knew fantasy was far different than real life.
She felt she could go out without panties. But could she really flash her pussy to strangers in a public place?
And what about the other things Edward suggested? What if she liked it? Would it affect or jeopardize her marriage?
The silence persisted for an even longer time."This is not good...not going over very well,"Edward thought."Shit...you really screwed up!"Should he tell her he was just kidding? Does she think this is so weird and that he has some sort of sex problem?
He chose to just let it go for a while - let her digest and think about what he said. There was a lot thrown at her and a lot to contemplate. Edward looked down and saw a raging hard-on breaking the surface of the water...
***********
A few days later, Susan was in a small shop in Old Town hunting for a new bikini for an upcoming holiday in the Caribbean. They had decided to take a last minute flight to Punta Cana. Because it was winter, it was far too early for the larger department stores to carry swimwear, so she was left with trying to find a new swimsuit in a specialty shop.
Now a year from the half-century mark, she normally would not consider trying on a bikini, let alone actually purchasing one to actually wear in public. But from her last trip, when her husband 'surprised' her with a new tiny pink bikini, the seeds had been planted -- and surprisingly, she wanted to experience those feelings once again.
The saleswoman was considerate and helped her select a few styles and colors and ushered Susan to one of three change rooms located at the back of the store. In this little boutique shop, instead of doors each of the change rooms had a pull curtain. The woman hung her suggested choices for Susan up on one of the hooks on the wall and pulled the curtain closed behind her as she went back to the front of the store to help another customer.
As Susan turned, she noticed that the curtain was not completely closed. When she forced it closed, a gap appeared on the other side. Despite her best efforts, a small gap that remained. Unfortunately, the curtain needed another few inches of width to 'work' properly.
Another peculiarity about these change rooms was that the height of the curtains. The bottoms started a couple feet above the floor and the tops ended such that most people's heads were visible while changing. Susan felt a wave of anxiety. Being 5'8" tall meant she not only could easily look right over the curtain, but wearing heels the rest of the store would not only see her head, but also a portion of her shoulders would be visible as well.
She heard voices coming closer. The store was essentially empty when she decided to try on this bikini, but now there were obviously a few more people in the store. Turning and peering over the curtain, she saw another couple making their way in her direction. They appeared to be in their late 30's.
As the woman entered the adjacent change room, Susan noticed the man standing in front of her, evidently waiting for his wife to try on her selections. Their eyes met and the man nodded.
Susan's immediate and instinctive reaction was to turn her head. However, with a mirror on the back wall, she was still able to see the man.
She lingered and wondered what to do next. She couldn't actually remove all her clothes to try on these bikinis with a stranger a mere ten feet away, could she? She tried to convince herself that there was no way the man would be able to see anything close to her private parts. But how much of her upper chest would be visible?
Still facing the mirror, Susan took a deep breath, pretended to be oblivious to any prying eyes, and grabbed the hem of her dress. She quickly pulled it over her head and placed it on the hook on the opposite wall. She looked at the mirror to see if the man was watching her. He wasn't, or at least he made it appear not obvious.
Temporarily relieved, she unfastened her bra and let it fall off her shoulders before placing it on a hook as well. She looked at herself in the mirror. She confirmed anyone standing outside the curtains were not likely to see much, if anything, even considering these 'micro' curtains. Yet strangely, standing 'exposed' in just her panties and heels, she could not help but feel a bit...naughty.
She thought about removing her heels to 'lower' herself, but hesitated. She felt a wave of wickedness envelope her. She thought about the conversation with her husband in the hot tub -- where he wanted her to be more open.
Deep down Susan wanted to explore her sexuality more as well. The lovemaking sessions with her husband leading up to this trip included fantasy scenarios about her going topless, other men watching her, and maybe even pushing the limits a little more. She felt tingles as she fantasized about things she never thought she would. They both really got off on the anticipation... and the possibilities of what would happen next. She decided to take Edward's words that night in the hot tub and push her typically conservative self.
So she took her time, first adjusting the bikini top on her boobs and tying the halter back. Then she picked up the bottoms and slid them up her legs, wiggling her ass to pull them over her hips. She looked at herself in the mirror. She adjusted her boobs. The top was flattering, no doubt, pushing her boobs up and together.
Turning and looking at her ass, she found the bottoms covering her adequately enough. And wearing heels, her legs did look fantastic.
"How does it look?"
Susan nearly jumped out of her skin, as she turned to see the sales lady peeking over the curtain. Feeling a little embarrassed, she turned saying, "I...I like it, but I think the bottoms are a little on the small side."
"Hmmm, let me see," the woman said. And just like that, the saleswoman whipped the curtain open.
Susan was caught like the proverbial deer in the headlights. The woman's action caused the attention of the man to be placed on her -- no doubt to see what the commotion was about. Still shocked, and more than a little self-conscious, Susan just stood there, in nothing but her immodest bikini and high heels. The saleswoman checked the fit, pulling and adjusting her bikini top. Susan looked over her shoulder and made eye contact with the man.
The man smiled and nodded.
"The top looks perfect! Turn please," the woman instructed.
With her heart beating out of her chest, Susan obediently turned slowly allowing the saleswoman, and the man, to examine her backside.
"Well, I think it's perfect!" the saleswoman said as she adjusted the bottom on Susan's ass cheeks. "But I will bring a larger size to you for comparison." The saleswoman closed the curtain behind her, temporarily mollifying Susan's apprehension from her exposure.
As she tried to rationalize and make sense out of the man's reaction on the other side of the curtain, the saleswoman returned with a larger-sized bikini bottom. Handing it to Susan, the saleswoman again quickly closed the curtain. Once again, the curtain failed to close fully.
Susan turned to the mirror. She could see the man peering at her through the opening. Suddenly she felt a flush of warmth course through her at the thought of being a little naughty, allowing the man to see parts of her previously reserved only for her husband.
What was she thinking?? She was a respectable, mature, married woman!!! She was not a floozy! There was no way she could do that, she concluded.
Yet why was it such an exciting thought? The butterflies started to fly a little faster as she noticed the man continuing to peer at her. She turned and looked directly at the man, almost to confront him, perhaps to put him in his place.
When their eyes met, the man nodded again with a smirk. The look was almost like he was pleading...no...daring Susan to continue. She recalled the conversation in the hot tub a few days prior. She felt another wave of impishness course through her at her thoughts.
She chose not to try to 'fix' the approximate two-inch gap on the side. Instead, she turned and placed her hands on her hips, hooked her thumbs on both sides of the bikini bottoms and slowly peeled them down over her hips. She paused, looking over her shoulder. She could see the man's face in the mirror. He was still watching...intently, eagerly, with those piercing blue eyes.
But this time he had turned his body towards Susan. It was as if the man was ignoring his wife and was focused solely and directly at Susan. There were several other people in the store that served to distract the lone saleswoman. Susan felt like she and this man were alone to explore this lewd and immoral interaction further.
She recalled her husband urging her to let go of some of her inhibitions and open up -- to tease and flirt more. While they had role-played in the friendly confines of the bedroom, they had never followed through further. Her conservative upbringing and religious beliefs kept her from exploring the kinkier side of life.
She felt her pulse quicken as she contemplated what to do next. She remembered researching the art of teasing and finding it was much more than just wearing revealing clothing; it was more attitude than anything. And a few seductive poses wouldn't hurt.
Taking a page from that script, she moved her feet about two feet apart and slowly bent over at the waist."If he wants to look, I'm going to give him something to remember,"she thought. Her heart skipped a beat at the idea. It was devilish but she was curious how far she would take this little teasing exhibition.
Making sure to keep her legs perfectly straight and with her thumbs still hooked on the sides of the bikini, she pulled the bottoms down her legs, slowly, and deliberately. Bent over, Susan was sure everything was on display only a few feet in front of the man, if he chose to look.
Standing bottomless, Susan looked in the mirror. He was still watching! She reached back to untie her top and turned slowly, facing the curtain. Now like this, she was offering a clear sight of her pussy to the man. Their eyes met again. Susan smiled and let the bikini top drop to the floor. The man smiled back and nodded before moving his eyes down her body. The attention on her caused a flush of warmth to course deep throughout her core. And the obvious enjoyment the man exhibited in watching her made her feel sexy, bringing to the forefront the fond memories of her last holiday in Punta Cana.
The unexpected sound of the curtain opening next door startled Susan. The man's wife walked out and stood between him and Susan while discussing the clothes purchases she was contemplating.
Susan turned back to view herself in the mirror. Her chest was flushed. Her breathing was erratic. She felt a funny tingling deep down in her sex. She felt guilty. There was no explanation for why she would do what she just did, or why should have been that excited being naked in front of a complete stranger. What was happening to her?
But what a rush! She never intended to go anywhere near that far, but letting a complete stranger see her completely naked brought the excitement to a whole new level. She could feel her body heating up from her exposure; and her pussy tingling and starting to get wet.
She turned and looked over the curtains. The man mouthed "Thank-you!" as he turned with his wife towards the sales counter in the front of the store. The appreciation from another man caused her heart to skip a beat.
Perhaps her husband was right. Maybe there was something to this teasing thing. Maybe her body was still attractive to other men. That guy left little doubt - he sure appreciated it!
Susan grabbed the bikini top and the smaller bottoms and made her way to the checkout. She couldn't wait for the start of their holiday in Punta Cana.
To be continued...