*** Authors Note: Any similarity to real persons or places described within this story is probably not an accident, although I've made the effort not to expose anybody too much. The story circulates around a girl I met once, who told me some of her story. I will always regret not having spent more time with her. Enjoy & please leave your comments, good or bad! ***
*****
I felt my body a long time before I opened my eyes. I was sore all over and I smelled. Not necessarily bad, but a strong odour of sweat and other... stuff. I felt his skin against my back, his breath soft against my ear. I had to take a moment to recall where I was and how I got here. Overwhelming and contradictory thoughts washed over me then.
Shame then desire and followed by an unbelievingly strong wave of happiness. I had done it. I had fucked a guy and it was awesome! At the beginning of this week, there was no way could you ever have convinced me that my first lover would be a guy maybe 15 years older than me AND the strange, aloof guy all the girls at the pub talked about to boot.
Conor.
Apart from being curious about his rather unique presence at the pub I worked at, and intrigued by his highly guarded personality, there was no way known I should have wanted to jump into his bed so quickly. And he's never shown any interest in any of the girls at the pub or some of the more, shall we say "friendly", female patrons either. I know a few of them would drop their panties at his smouldering glance or good looks alone, personality or none.
I opened my eyes and let them wander around the part of the room I could see. The door to his room was straight in front of me, wide open. I could see a landing that stretched along to the top of a staircase we must have walked up last night, with only a couple of doors on either side. From what I could see, his room was large, with an open door some metres from the foot of the bed that looked like it led into a bathroom or walk in closet perhaps. Behind me pre-dawn light entered the room and flickered slightly with a breath of cool air, like it was making its way through some gauzy curtains.
I lay there for some minutes taking it all in. I could tell from his breathing that he was still in a deep sleep. Part of me wanted to turn over and kiss him awake and make him do those things to me that he did last night. The rest of me wanted to grab my clothes together and get the hell down those stairs at the end of the landing, 'quik stix'!
Then I realised the urgent pressing on my bladder would allow me to do neither. I gently lifted his hand that was resting on my hip and rolled away from him, somewhat awkwardly until my knees rested on the floor and I turned to face him. He was still asleep, his face on the same pillow that showed the impression of where my head had been. His body slightly turned into the bed with one thigh pushed slightly forward where it had been pressing against my butt. And his penis. Hard. "Oh my god" I thought to myself. I had just seen my first morning wood. I stifled a sigh as I thought to myself "So many firsts!"
First time anybody has gone down on me, fucked me. First time I have woken up in a guy's bed, with him still in it that is. Now my first morning erection. I slowly leaned forward over the bed to get a closer look. Although, obviously, I'm no expert in penises, this one looked beautiful to me. He obviously kept his pubic hair closely trimmed, making the viewing all the easier. Maybe 6 inches, though I couldn't see the whole length to judge accurately and the end round and shiny and frosted in little flakes of what could only be the dried juices of his cum mixed with my plentiful vaginal fluids. I should have been a bit grossed out by that thought, but part of me just wanted to lean forward and wrap my lips around him and suck him awake.
I sighed as once again my need to pee brought me out of my moment and I quietly padded over to the open door at the bottom of the bed. As I suspected, it led into what could be called a bathroom. Compared to where I lived with Kelly, it could also almost be called an apartment by itself. There was a huge iron claw bath in one corner adjacent to a non-enclosed walk in shower that looked like it could entertain several people at once if needed. Between this and the other end of the room was a long and twin set vanity counter with matching and opposed toilets. A couple of changing benches completed the setup and sat next to an open entrance to another room lined wall to wall with dark hanging suits and shelves of various clothing items.
Instead, I turned around again and looked at Conor and his bedroom. What I couldn't take in before from my position on the bed and didn't notice when my eyes were glued to his dick, was the part of his room that lay behind him. It stretched out several metres though a small lounge area and past a huge antique desk to an open set of French doors, covered with lacy curtains that fluttered slightly in the breeze that struggled through them along with the soft early light.
I fought against my curious need to find out what was outside those open doors and turned back towards the bathroom and my now urgent need to pee. As I set my arse down on one of the 2 toilets sitting either side of the long vanity counter, I started to re-assess Conor and what world he came into my life from. My limited memories from last night getting out of the taxi included an expensive looking 3 story sandstone period home set quite close to the curbside with little inkling of what may lay behind. The quick trip from the front door up 2 turn-back sets of stairs revealed only several closed doors on the second floor until they reached his room. For the most part, my eyes had been focussed on his back and what was probably about to occur instead of the insides of his house.
The 2 long and high windows along the wall behind the vanity and the toilet I was sitting on were frosted and gave no indication of what lay outside. But the sheer length of this room and Conor's bedroom outside hinted at what must be the size of this house stretching back towards what must be the harbour beyond, given the street the taxi had dropped us on.
"Who is this guy?" I suddenly thought. This was clearly the master suite of the house, being on the top floor. Even renting a house like this would probably be more than what she should expect to earn even years into the career I was hoping to develop. And then I started to get angry.
My inner mind whispered again to me. "There's no way this guy is interested in a 20-year-old girl like you, for anything more than sex. He's definitely picked you up for a quick fuck and you are out of here as soon as he wakes up!"
I lowered my head into my hands then and suddenly felt so stupid. While I hadn't set out to develop any feelings for Conor, I had rushed headlong into sharing his fantasy by cruising around with no underwear from my apartment to Halligans, wearing a dress that might have made that fact obvious to any more than the casual observer. This culminated by me somewhat publicly exposing everything I had to offer Conor in the place that I worked, risking both my job and my self-esteem. I realised suddenly that I had somehow thought this guy really liked me and I had been overwhelmed by lust and was willing to do anything to climb into his world and please his private pleasures. And then I had let him take the most precious gift I had to offer.
"I'm such a fuck-knuckle!" I thought to myself once I had finished mentally walking through yesterday to the point we arrived at the front of his house and deliberately avoiding moving on to thinking about what had followed.
I had long since finished emptying my bladder and after completing my assessment of how I had got myself into this situation, I put my mind to what to do about it. First things first, I sighed. I had to get out of here. There was no way I was leaving the house looking like I probably did and certainly smelling the way I did. I noticed a dark grey business shirt lying on one of the changing benches, probably discarded by Conor the day before and after wiping between my thighs, I made my way over to it and slipped it over my head. It was overly large on me and reached down to the top of my thighs, providing at least some modesty. The last thing I wanted was for anyone to see me naked right now.
I tip-toed out to the main bedroom and picked up my dress, sandals and bag from the floor where they had been discarded one by one the previous night. With a final glance at Conor, still fast asleep on the bed, I made my way out to the landing and down the stairs to the 2nd floor landing. Apart from a couple of closed doors, there was also a single open door that revealed a large bathroom which I stepped into, gently closing the door shut behind me. I quickly shed Conor's shirt and stepped into the shower, turning the cold tap on full and rinsing myself off from top to bottom, spending most of my time between my thighs. I felt my anger start to rise as I realised how sensitive I still was and started to find myself rubbing harder and longer than was necessary just for hygiene reasons. Cursing inwardly again I shut off the shower and grabbed a fresh towel from a pile sitting on a bench adjacent to the shower cubicle.
As I started to dry myself my eyes met my reflection in a floor length changing mirror standing at the other end of the room. I dropped the towel to the floor and my eyes flowed slowly from my water darkened auburn hair sitting flat around my shoulders, to my breasts, to the curled hair between my thighs. I didn't look any different to yesterday, but somehow I felt like a completely different person. How could things change so much, so quickly?
I tore my eyes away from the mirror and picked up my dress to slip it over my head. The feeling of no underwear had turned me on so much yesterday, but now I found myself wondering how I could possibly get from here to my apartment without anyone noticing how exposed I was? I could clearly see the slightly darker shade of my nipples, hard from the cold shower, pressing against the light material of the dress. I'm sure if the dress was struck by sunlight from just the right angle, one would be able to make out the dark patch of hair between my thighs, or the curve of my butt cheeks leading to the gap between.
With a final sigh, I slipped on my sandals and looped the strap of my handbag over my shoulder. "Just 10 or 15 minutes of shame and you are home and safe!" I told myself. With a final look in the mirror and a flick of my wet hair over the top of the neck of my dress I turned to open the door and suddenly found myself staring straight into the face of a woman standing leaning against the landing railing on the other side of the door. A flicker of my memory banks and I recognised her. The woman we'd seen with Conor at Halligans only once or twice.
"Hi." She said. Then with a quick glance down to my feet, taking in the bag over my shoulder: "Um, leaving us so soon?"
Oh shit! I thought. "I'm sorry, I thought...I mean I assumed that Conor lived alone."
"Really? Well that would explain why you would think to use my bathroom without asking. But the fact you didn't use Conor's shower and you look like you couldn't get the hell out of this house fast enough probably tells me the rest of the story accurately enough. "Are you usually the kind of girl who fucks and leaves without saying goodbye?"
She looked really pissed now. I suddenly realised how pretty she was, despite the sour look on her face. She had shortish brown hair pulled up into a ponytail and was wearing only a long sleeveless sleeping shirt which stretched only to the tops of her thighs.
"I'd have thought that after what I heard coming out of your mouth last night, Conor had locked you in for life. Seems like you put on a pretty good show in the sack then."
I felt myself blush deeply and couldn't look into her eyes at all. I looked down at the floor and felt the tears start to well up again in my eyes.
"It's not like that at all! I just..." I couldn't find the words to finish the sentence. How could I explain anything enough to this woman to make her understand, despite what she obviously thought of me. My sentence cut off with a sob and I looked back up at her eyes.
Her face softened then and said to me "I think you and I had better go put the kettle on and have a wee chinwag eh?"
I looked down at the floor again and over towards the stairs and the path to escape behind her. Talking to anyone right now was the last thing I wanted, especially some strange woman that evidently shared Conor's house and God knows what else with him. I had a feeling there was no way this woman was going to let me go easily and the thought of her waking Conor or being stuck at a possibly deadlocked front door suddenly scared the shit out of me.
"Sure. Yeah, OK." I said reluctantly. She turned away and with a brief statement of "This way" proceeded to lead me around the landing, down the stairs and back through a long narrow hallway away from the beckoning front door. Heading towards the back of the house, I took in 2 wide openings revealing a couple of formal looking sitting rooms before opening onto a huge modern open living room & kitchen at the back of the house. The entire back wall of the ground floor was a currently open set of sliding doors that exposed a view over the top of a back deck, infinity pool and out to an expanse of Sydney Harbour beyond. I stopped in my tracks and my jaw dropped at the view.
"Um, hello! Coffee or tea?" I jolted at the raised voice of Conor's housemate and slowly tore my eyes away from expanse opened in front of me. "or Vodka maybe?" She added with a chuckle as she took in the look on my face.
She was standing over a sink in the kitchen which stretched along one side of this open room, with a cordless kettle swinging suggestively in one hand. "Oh. Tea please, I mumbled. Black, no sugar."
She turned back to filling up the kettle as I found myself wandering out through the opening towards the deck and pool beyond. As I cleared the covered portion of the deck I turned around and looked back up at the rear of the upper stories of the house behind me. Both floors had decks built at the rear of the bedroom areas, the top floor no doubt being where the French doors in Conor's room led out onto. I briefly kicked myself at not having had a quick look out those doors before I snuck out of his room. "The view from up there must be out of this world" I thought.
I turned my head back to the harbour and the view. The vista from here stretched out towards Cockatoo Island and the Parramatta River beyond, still barely waking with the dawn light from the east behind me. I could see over to Balmain and Hunters Hill, left and right respectively and immediately below and slightly to the right, a ferry was pulling into Greenwich pier. A lone businessman waited patiently for it to dock, no doubt looking for an early start to the day. A path led around the pool and down a steep flight of stairs to a small boat house at the bottom of a low cliff that formed the back of the property. "Holy shit!" I thought again to myself.
"Here you go. Black, no sugar." The woman was holding out a mug clasped between top and bottom with the handle towards me. She held a similar mug in her own hand. "I'm an instant coffee kind of gal myself" she followed up with a guarded smile.
"Um, thanks" I said, taking the cup and following her as she led the way along the path that led around the pool and down towards the boathouse. As we reached the top of the stairs heading downwards, a small, cantilevered deck area revealed itself, hidden and shaded by an overhang of bushy paperbark trees that grew up the side of the steep rear of the property. Here she sat down on a small secluded bench seat that almost looked purposely created for the awkward chat that was no doubt about to follow.
"When I first met Conor, I thought he was an absolute cunt." She almost whispered this and I found myself wanting to ask her to say it again to make sure I had heard it correctly. Then with barely a pause and staring straight into my eyes, now fixed to hers, she followed up. "Nowadays I think that I would almost literally kill anyone I thought was out to cause him pain." She paused then as she appeared to be garnering my reaction and indicating with a pat of her hand for me to sit down next to her. At first I felt fear as I took the proffered space on the bench.
Was this some kind of bunny boiler sitting next to me in a place completely hidden from the view of the rest of the world? Then, as I saw her face soften and her eyes well up with tears, I realised she was exposing some pain of her own to me.
She looked back out towards the low hanging moon, barely visible now as it settled towards the diminishing darkness of the post dawn light over the Parramatta River. "In the 3 years I have lived here with Conor, I have never seen him bring a woman home. Never. Then she turned to me again.
"So, you want to tell me how you got into his bed and why you were going to sneak away without saying goodbye?"
I whispered a reply. "How do you know I was sneaking away? Maybe I just didn't want to wake him up?"
She snorted then. "Bullshit.
"I don't think anyone really knows Conor, but of anyone I probably know his nature best. If he knew you were leaving early he'd have been up with breakfast ready and certainly fresh clothes to wear. I don't mean to be rude, but whatever went on while you were wearing that dress last night has kind of stuck to it." She said the last bit of that holding her nose with the resulting nasally twang to her voice.
"Either you had no intentions of last night being more than one night or you freaked out this morning for some other reason." She turned her gaze back towards the west and spoke on.
"When I first heard you guys last night I was really, really angry. I thought that some gold-digger had finally gotten her claws into him and into his bed. Then I heard what went on after that and..."
"Wait a minute. Were you spying on us?" I interrupted, suddenly angered by this woman and what sounded like was about to start getting into my deeply private space.
"Well, it is a big house but the distance between my open door and Conor's open door is just meters. I couldn't help but overhear. Once it started, I couldn't bring myself to close my door. I wanted, no I NEEDED to know what was going on." She blushed then, intensely. Her pale face reddened such that the shade of her face almost darkened to match that of her light brown hair. She looked down at her feet and continued "You don't understand how much Conor means to me and how much I want to know he is safe from those who would do him ill".
Just as suddenly as her blush appeared she looked back up at me and rushed out the next line that nearly floored me and made me feel desperately ashamed all at the same time.
"Please know that Conor is the sweetest and most vulnerable man I have ever known. I heard him whisper your name at the end last night. Whatever you were planning or thinking when you ran into me, you should know that I think he is really into you and at the very least you owe him a goodbye." She paused again for a minute.
"I don't know what it would do to him if he realised you were only in it for a quick fuck."
"Says! What the fuck?"
We both turned around suddenly as we realised that Conor had appeared behind us where the path reached the stop of the stairs dressed in black boxers and a dark grey singlet and was standing with his arms crossed looking at us with a look of absolute fury on his face. Oh, shit. How much had he heard? What was he thinking about me just now, almost at the same time as my fucked up behaviour this morning was starting to dawn on me.
"Conor. I was just..." I started, thinking to try and explain as quickly as I could. He might have just heard the last line from this woman he just called 'Says', which would have sounded horrible out of context of the conversation.
"No Sam. I want to hear it from Says. Sarah, I see you've met Samantha. Want to tell me just why you thought it was appropriate to talk to her like that?"
I tried again. "No Conor, it wasn't like that at all..." He interrupted again.
"Sarah, speak now. It had better start with an apology or you can go pack your bags!"
I stood up then as I felt my own anger start to rise, both at myself for my own shitty behaviour and at having been the cause of this. Then at my actions that led to Conor's harsh words to someone who obviously cared so greatly for him. I grabbed his hand then and tried to turn him around towards the house.
"Please Conor, please come with me now. You can talk to Sarah later. Please!" He turned from Sarah and looked into my eyes, suddenly aware of the desperate tone of my voice. I looked over to Sarah and she was now sitting with her face in her hands, her shoulders shaking with agonising, wordless sobs. An overwhelming sense of pain overcame me then, replacing the shame I was already feeling. "Please?" I said again, reaching up to stroke the dark bangs of his hair away from his eyes.
He seemed to sense my urgency then and wordlessly followed me up the path and back through house and the stairs to his bedroom. The journey seemed to take forever till we reached his room and I turned back to look into his face for the first time since we left the woman I now knew as Sarah. His face had reverted to the look I was so used to when serving him pints at Halligans. Guarded, empty of humour and still. His eyes dark and lacking emotion except, perhaps, a glimpse of something between anger and concern.
"Conor, this was all me. I don't know how much of what you heard down there, but it was all my fault. I was going to leave and not say goodbye. I fucked up and thought some stupid things. But I need to ask you something first, OK?"
He didn't reply for a moment and his face didn't relax at all. Then a whispered "OK."
"Was last night meant to be a one-time thing for you? Were you going to go back to being the international man of mystery at Halligans and never talking to me again? I need to know where you wanted to go with me. I, I'm..."I couldn't finish as I broke into a sob, the emotions of last night and this morning suddenly rushing back to overwhelm me.
"Hush Sam. Shhhh." He stepped forwards and embraced me then, his shoulders surrounding my face as the tears erupted and I leant into his chest, letting myself go as he silently stroked my hair and let me get out what I needed to. Then he lifted my chin up and looked into my eyes.
"I want you Samantha. I've wanted to talk to you and be around you and get to know you for a long, long time now. There are a lot of decent pubs within 20 minutes of here, but Halligans has something unique. It has you."
I blinked then and tried to speak, but one of those post tears sobs overtook my lungs and it game out as something of a snort. He smiled then, quite probably the warmest smile I have ever seen on a man. "Yep. It's true."
I finally managed to get a line out. "Oh my God. I was so close to fucking everything up then. I'm such a fuck-knuckle!"
He laughed suddenly; a booming sound full of humour that came straight from his belly. "Fuck-knuckle? Where the hell did that come from, out of my sweet Samantha?"
I giggled then. "You can blame Kelly for that one. I think she picked it up in bar she was working at in Scotland or somewhere". I suddenly felt a huge wave of relief and passion surge around me then as it dawned on me that he wasn't going to shout at me or kick me out. He had already forgiven me for whatever it was that I might have decided to do this morning and he wanted me to stay.
I turned my face up to his and pulled him in for a kiss which quickly changed from a making up kiss to one of urgent physical need. I pulled his shirt up over his head and quickly dropped my hands to push his boxers down off his hips. I immediately felt his semi hard cock push against my waist and suddenly I remembered that I had a favour to return that I desperately wanted to give him.
With one hand I circled his dick with my fingers and started gently stroking him to full hardness as I undid the buttons of my dress with the other hand and let it slide off my shoulders to fall to the floor in a pool around my feet.
Then I broke away from our kiss and spoke in a whisper as my other hand followed down across his belly, along his thigh and gently cupped his balls. "There's something else for which you have Kelly to thank. I'm going to kneel down now and suck your cock. I've never done this before. You are going to be the first man who's ever had my lips wrapped around his dick and yours will be the first cum I've ever had touch my lips or tongue." He groaned out loud then as I dropped to my knees and settled my focus on the end of his hard cock. A large drop of pre-cum formed as I stroked it and I tentatively leant forward and took the drop off with the end of my tongue, testing the taste. I giggled suddenly as a line from Croc Dundee came to mind: "Well you can live on it, but it tastes like shit!"
Then I thought to myself. "Time to perform girl!" as I opened my lips and let them slide down along his hard cock until I felt the end touch the back of my throat and I pulled back a little.
My mind went back to the drunken night with Kelly went she taught me how to suck a cock. We took turns looking after "Big Jim" which was what she called her largest dildo, with her giving me advice on different techniques and finishing with her challenging me to get the whole 6 inches worth into my throat. She knew I could never pass up a challenge after a few too many tequila slammers!
My mind came back to the present and I relaxed my throat muscles a little and breathed in through my nose as my lips slid all the way down his penis until I felt his closely trimmed pubic hair tickling the end of my nose. As I started to slide my tongue around the bottom of his dick I heard him whisper. "Holy fuck Sam, if this is your first blowjob, where did you learn how to do this?"
I looked back up at him and winked "I'm going to go hard now. Don't hold back. You can cum in my mouth, on my tits, on my face?" He just sighed as I moved my lips back to his cock and slid them up and down as fast as I could using one hand to follow and the other to gently cup and play with his balls. I heard him breathing faster and deeper and as I thought he was nearly ready I took my lips away from his cock again, intending to ask him where he wanted to cum. Just then he suddenly gasped "Now Sam, I'm cumming..." Then he grunted and before I could get my lips back around his dick, he shot a line of cum across my cheek and up into my hair. I closed my mouth over the end of his cock and felt a couple more shots enter my mouth before I pulled him clear again. I wanted to see him shoot and a couple more weaker shots pumped out onto my chest and tits as I continued to stroke his dick and watch it soften.
I suddenly realised that I wanted to it again as I wrapped my lips around him again. I wanted to make him hard and cum and cum again and cover me with his sweat and semen. Instead, he reached under my arms and lifted me back up off my knees.
"No more Sam. No more" he sighed as he pulled me over to his bed and we both collapsed together, side by side, his lips pressing softly against my own.
We lay that way for some time. I dosed in and out of wakefulness, each time feeling his fingers softly caressing up and down my back. Each time aware of the feeling of his body against me and the soft breeze floating in through the open doors and the steady increase of temperature within the room. At some point I felt, rather than heard, the buzz of a phone filter in through all the other senses surrounding me and some flicker of the wider world entered my conscious.
"Conor." I said suddenly with some urgency. He opened his eyes. "'I'm sorry to ruin the moment, but I need to pee. I think my phone might have just ringed and you need to fix something."
He closed his eyes again. The intense feeling of shame came back to me, more urgent and intense than before. "Conor. You need to go a talk to Sarah. Quickly now. And I do need to leave soon, the right way this time."
As if to punctuate my statement we both heard my phone vibrate again from somewhere in my bag down on the floor and then again in quick succession. He sighed and kissed me again before he slid back away from my embrace and back on to his feet aside the bed. I was immediately touched by the sight of his body. He looked like the statue David, with his dark locks of hair, toned torso and now shrunken penis. I couldn't help but laugh out loud as I said "quickly now before I make your dick big again and then make it do things to me my body hasn't seen yet!"
He smiled again then and turned from me to pull on his boxers and singlet and wander out through the still open door to the stairs beyond. Strangely I thought to myself "he really needs to get in the habit of closing his door when he brings a girl in here before he has his way with her." Then my phone vibrated again and took me out of my reverie.
With a deep sigh I climbed off the bed and dug my hand into my bag to collect my phone. With a much lighter step this time, I walked through to the same piece of porcelain I had used this morning and sat my arse down on it.
I thought to myself "this time around, rather him than me" as I imagined his no doubt already begun conversation with Sarah. I let my bladder go and brought my phone up to my face to see what happening in the real world.
Oh. Shit!
16 messages and 5 missed calls and it was only 9.02 am.