I was in the cinema room of the men only sauna the first time I saw him. I was lying on my side with my head on the stomach of one guy, his cock in my mouth and my hand cupping his balls, another random guy was sucking my cock and I noticed a third guy, him, watching us. He made no movement towards us which wasn't unusual in the saunas, some guys just like to watch, I get that, I'm not like that, I love people watching me, I've an exhibitionist streak about a mile wide. I smiled at him as best as I could around the cock in my mouth, holding his gaze as I enjoyed working my mouth up and down the throbbing meat.
Anyway, this third guy just stood watching, not wanking or touching himself in any way, just watching me working my way up and down the cock in my mouth, the guy who's cock it was, was panting underneath me and I knew it wouldn't be long until he cum. I love it when guys cum in my mouth so I was really happy when his entire body stiffened and his glorious seed sprayed my mouth, I swallowed quickly, gulping his cum down as he spasmed and then licked all over the head of his cock, making sure I didn't miss a drop.
The guy sucking my cock wasn't very good, he just didn't seem to get it and his technique wasn't very good either, I let him carry on for a few minutes then stopped him. I lied so as not to make him feel bad, telling him he was about to make me cum and I didn't want to just yet. I stood up and made my way out of the cinema room, catching my voyeurs eye, smiling at him as I passed close by.
He was older than me, I guessed about mid-thirties ish which would make him about fifteen years older than my twenty years on the planet, dark brown hair, brown eyes, a slightly hairy chest which curled down his stomach disappearing under the towel he had wrapped around his waist and nice shapely legs from what I could see. I was hoping he might follow me so I went next door into the steam room. I sat there waiting, I was pretty sure he'd follow me.
The door opened and a guy came in, unfortunately not the guy that had been watching me, although I was disappointed I was only here for some fun. The guy sat next to me, within seconds I could feel his hand gently touching the outside of my leg, when I didn't object or move away he took that as an invitation to explore further, placing his hand on my leg before slowly making its way up to my stiffening cock, he began to wank me gently, I returned the favour, gripping his cock in my hand, from the moment he stopped gently wanking my cock I knew what he wanted. I slid off the dripping wet tiles and knelt on the floor between his legs, I leaned forward, my lips just touching the head of his cock, I stuck out my tongue, licking all around the tip, tracing my way down to his balls, sucking one then the other into my mouth. I heard the door of the steam room open again and another figure made its way inside, sitting slightly along from the guy whose cock was in my mouth, I looked over and through the steam I could see it was the voyeur guy from earlier on. If only I'd waited. I silently cursed under my breath. I looked at him as I started working my mouth up and down the guy's cock, men have always told me that I give an incredible blowjob and I wanted this guy to cum so I could concentrate on my mystery guy, I really wanted him and I had no idea why, I hadn't even seen him naked, he sat watching me suck the guys cock, smiling slightly. I kept looking over and he didn't stop watching, he still didn't touch himself though.
The guy I was sucking was trembling, I felt his hand on my head, his fingers in my hair, pushing my hungry mouth deeper onto his cock, his grip tightened and with a loud moan his cock began to jerk and pulse as he spurted his hot cum into my mouth, I swallowed twice in quick succession, quickly caught my breath and then licked and sucked every drop of cum from him, while I was cleaning all the cum from his cock, my voyeur guy just got up and left, he'd watched me again and not said a word. I decided I was going to see if I could find him.
I peeped into the sauna area, there was a couple of guys there but not the guy I was looking for, showers were empty, a couple of the private rooms were locked but I didn't think he'd be in one anyway, he'd only just left the steam room a few minutes ago, I went back to the cinema room but nothing, without going back downstairs I couldn't find him anywhere.
After ten minutes of searching back and forth with no sign of my mystery man I decided to go to the glory hole, I like the glory hole, I like the anonymity and the variation of cocks that are poked through the hole. I passed a small group of guys talking on the landing on the way, I glanced towards them but didn't see my guy.
I stood on one side of the glory hole, standing sideways on to the hole so anyone on the other side could see me stroking my cock. It wasn't too long before a nice sized cock poked its way through the hole and I duly knelt down, touching and licking the tip before plunging my mouth onto the hard cock, within a couple of minutes I was rewarded with a mouthful of cum and I swallowed my third load. Almost immediately another cock was pushed through the hole, I went straight to sucking this time, the guy must have been ready to burst as he only lasted a minute or so before shooting his cum into my mouth. As soon as the cock disappeared through the hole another one replaced it, this one slightly longer and thicker than the others, it tasted incredible, I licked the droplets of pre-cum from the tip and took my time with this one. It took a good five minutes of me sucking steadily before it erupted into my mouth, there was so much cum this time a little bit dripped from the corners of my mouth, fuck I enjoyed that.
Almost instantly another hard cock appeared through the hole, this one almost as thick as the previous one but not as long, it suddenly dawned on me that I'd probably just sucked off the small group of guys that were stood on the landing. They saw me enter the glory hole booth, no wonder the cocks were being poked through so soon after the other. I chuckled to myself as I worked my mouth over the cock before me, letting my mind wander. I was daydreaming about taking on the group of guys, letting them do anything they wanted to me and just as I got to the part in my mind where they covered me in cum, the cock brought me back to my senses. His cock was twitching, the guy who I couldn't see was fucking the glory hole wall and in turn fucking my mouth, I knew I was going to have another load of cum but this time when I heard the groans from the guy I released his cock from my hot mouth and directed his cum all over my chest.
The cock disappeared back through the wall and I waited a few seconds in case another cock was poked through before I stood up, enjoying the feeling of the cum sliding down my body, I looked down and I could see it dripping onto my cock, I rubbed it into my pubic hair, making it all matted and sticky.
No more cocks came through the hole, I waited about ten minutes just in case then I decided to get a shower.
I noticed a few guys checking me out as I made my way to the showers but they were empty when I got there, It's a man only sauna so there are no curtains on the showers, it's basically a tiled area with four shower heads side by side, drains under your feet set in the tiles and some pegs for your towels. Anyone could stand and watch you or even join you and it wouldn't be the first time I'd had fun in those showers but today it was empty. I stood under the hot water soaping myself clean, I was tempted to wank my cock but I thought I'd get clean and go find some more guys to have some fun with, I turned in the shower, facing the wall, letting the hot water cascade down my back and over my arse, it was luxurious just standing there like that, I turned around again and realised there was someone standing there. I wiped the water from my face and looked right into the eyes of my mystery voyeur.
The showers are the sort that turn themselves off after a certain period of time, bang on cue as I stood there the water stopped and left me dripping wet and naked, the guy just stood there looking into my eyes, his gaze dropped to my cock and then back up to my eyes, he put his hand on my chest and pushed me backward so I was leaning on the tiled wall and then moving forward he kissed me. His lips were against mine and I could feel his tongue parting my lips, I complied and my tongue met his, jostling together in my mouth, I slipped my right hand onto his waist intending to remove his towel but he quickly grabbed my wrist with his hand, lifting my arm so it was above my head, I tried the same with my left hand but he grabbed that to and lifted my other arm over my head, his left hand held my wrists together, while his other hand caressed my face and then trailed down my chest.
At this point I have to say that I'm not small, I stand six feet tall, short brown hair, blue eyes I'm a landscape gardener and I go to the gym so I'm fit and genuinely quite muscly, my body is tanned from working outside and I'm strong from all the patios and fences I've built. It wasn't like I couldn't force this guy off me but I was enjoying where this was going so I let him take control.
His hand didn't stop, it slid down over my stomach, lower and lower until it met the coarse hair surrounding my cock, he pinched some between finger and thumb and pulled, I gasped and groaned into his mouth as he tugged my pubic hair, not hard enough to really hurt but hard enough that I knew what he was doing. His hand slid lower and cupped my balls, almost as if he was weighing them and then moved to clasp my cock in his firm grip, he wanked me slowly, teasing my foreskin over the head of my cock, I could feel his hand slick from my pre-cum and not once during his explorations did he stop kissing me.
After what seemed like an eternity, but in reality was only a minute or so, he did stop kissing me but kept a tight grip of my cock, I could feel his warm breath on my chin as he pulled away, looking deep into my eyes. He asked me if I wanted to join him for a coffee downstairs, I couldn't speak only nod to show my agreement. He never said another word, just released my cock and left me high and dry in the shower area. I was stunned as I watched him turn the corner. I was in two minds if I should follow him or not, arrogant fucker, I was thinking. I grabbed my towel from the peg and had a quick argument with myself as I patted my body dry. Curiosity got the better of me and I decided to join him for a coffee, I could always suck his cock afterwards I thought.
When I got downstairs he was already sat at a small table in the corner of the little cafe area, he told me to order whatever drink I wanted and to let the guy behind the counter know that he was paying for it. I ordered a large mug of tea, landscape gardener remember, that's all we drink, and sat down opposite him.
I was expecting him to be quite arrogant, going on how he'd grabbed me in the shower but I was surprised to find that he was really nice, well spoken, funny and good conversation, I was almost right with my guess, he was thirty-six years old and he worked in IT, his name was Daniel, he was some kind of hot shit, high up IT bloke, from what he said he worked all over the country and even occasionally abroad. I joked that he was quite fit for an IT geek and his eyes twinkled as he smiled. We laughed and joked for a little while, he asked me what I did for a living and I told him about my work, he asked if I did jobs on the side and that he could find plenty of work to do in his garden if I was interested. I never say no to extra money and I promised that I would visit him and see what work he wanted doing and if I could do it. Everything was going really well until he asked had I always been such a slut.
I almost spat my tea out in shock.
I stared at him for a few seconds and he just sat there looking back at me, his eyes never wavering from mine.
He explained that he'd seen me a few times in the sauna over the previous weeks and I always seemed to have cocks in my hand or my mouth, he'd never seen me being fucked but he reasoned that I probably went somewhere slightly more private than the cinema room for that. If only he knew I thought to myself and smiled. I couldn't argue with what he said, he was right, I am a slut as far as cock goes. He asked when I first found out that I liked men and I found myself telling him about an old colleague who'd seduced an eighteen-year-old me one day after some usual blokey banter when we were working.
The company I worked for back then had been sub-contracting for the local council, the older colleague and I had been mowing grass, weeding flower beds that sort of thing and we'd ended up in a large park, you know the sort of thing, tennis courts, bowling greens, few swings and slides and roundabouts and right in the middle were some public toilets. I'd remarked how busy the toilets were considering how we were in a park, men were back and forth almost a constant stream and he laughed and explained that they were probably sucking cocks and playing with each other in there. If I'm honest I was surprised but really horny at the thought of it and he joked that I should go find out if he was lying or not. He said he could do with a piss and he'd prove it to me. We went in together and stood at the urinals, there was one other guy in there and he seemed to take ages having a pee but eventually he zipped up and left. That left just the two of us and I laughed telling him that I knew he was winding me up.
As we washed our hands he told me to follow him and went into one of the cubicles, he told me to lock the door which I did and then he told me to read the walls. I was amazed, there was writing all over the walls, people had drawn pictures and left phone numbers, I was stunned. I turned to speak to him and froze in shock as he was stood there with his jeans open slowly wanking his cock.
"You like it," he said "Maybe you want to suck it for me?"
I looked from his face to his cock and then back to his face, he was deadly serious, I didn't have any other thought but to kneel down and just like that, I got my first close up look at another man's cock and I was hooked. I took it in my hand, feeling the warmth running through it as it twitched involuntarily, I leaned forward, inhaling the musty smell of his cock, breathing in his scent, I licked the tip and I heard him groan, I slid my mouth over his cock head and he groaned a bit more. I liked it, in fact I loved it. That was the first cock I'd ever sucked even though I'd thought about it quite often before then. I had no idea if I was even doing it right but the noises he was making told me I was doing ok. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed some toilet paper stuck to the cubicle wall, I'd not noticed it at first but it was moving about which had caught my attention. I stopped and looked inquisitively at my work colleague, he smiled and leaning over pulled the tissue off the wall.
Almost immediately a cock was pushed through the hole. I remember thinking, what the fuck, but my colleague just laughed,
"Glory hole," he whispered stealing a glance at the other cock.
Well, what's a boy to do I thought, I grasped hold of the second cock and wanked it slowly, at the same time I dipped my mouth back onto my colleague's cock, taking as much as I could into my mouth, I sucked a few times and then swapped, licking and tasting the cock that was stuck through the hole in the cubicle wall. The guy must have been really excited, within a few sucks his cock began to twitch and jerk before he shot his cum into my mouth. Now that took me by surprise, I wasn't expecting that and whilst some went into my mouth, some hit me on the cheek and the last spurt splattered onto the cubicle floor.
The cock was withdrawn straight away and within seconds the other cubicle door was unlocked and then vacated leaving me with just my colleague sat with his poker stiff cock in my hand.
I sucked him deep into my mouth again, I could feel his hand on the back of my head, twisting into my hair, pushing me down onto him, deeper and deeper until I could feel his pubic hair tickling my nose, he grunted and twitched and suddenly he was cumming, I had to swallow, his hand in my hair keeping my mouth wrapped tight around his cock, I didn't get a lot of choice but looking back on it I was glad he did that, ever since then I'd loved swallowing a guy's cum and that's probably where I got my love of glory holes from to.
I finished telling my story to Daniel and he said.
"So, like I asked earlier, have you always been such a slut?"
I laughed and nodded in agreement "What can I say?" I asked "Since that day I've liked cock and lots of it."
"Is that why you come to places like this?" Daniel said.
"I guess so," I replied "My dad would kill me if he thought I was gay, apart from that one guy, nobody at work would ever think I liked cock and none of my friends have any idea, so, I've been coming to this place for a while now and nobody knows. I'm not gay by the way, I've had sex with women, just to clear that up."
Daniel laughed, his eyes smiling as much as his mouth was.
"Why don't we go find somewhere more, erm, private," he said "You can show me how not gay you are."
"Thought you'd never ask," I replied.
We stood up together, Daniel offered his hand and after a moment's hesitation I took it and he lead me out of the cafe area, past the hot tub and some showers and then up the stairs which led towards the private rooms and the cinema area where I'd first seen him.
We passed a few guys on the way, some nodded greetings to Daniel and looked at me following him, he nodded in return but we didn't stop until we were in the first of the private rooms. These rooms are nothing flash, it's just a square room with a wooden floor and a raised area about the same size as a single bed that holds a thick rubber mat. There was a small TV on one of those extending arm brackets on the wall showing some porn and a shelf unit upon which were various packs of lube and condoms. Not exactly the Hilton but you're only in there for one thing. I could see by the look in Daniel's eyes that I was shortly going to get that one thing.
He pushed me back against the wall, his lips settled on mine and I could feel his tongue forcing its way into my mouth, I parted my lips and his tongue pushed inside my mouth, our tongues twisting together as he thrust against me, I could feel his erect cock against mine as he ground his hips into me, he reached down and undid the towel that was wrapped around my waist letting it fall to the floor, he did the same with his and suddenly we were naked together. I placed my hands on his waist, I could feel the heat emanating from his body, God I wanted his cock.
"I want to suck your cock," I moaned breathlessly.
Daniel spun us around, kicking the towels aside and then leaned back against the wall, I kissed his mouth one last time and then began to kiss his defined, slightly hairy but in a good way chest, gently teasing and nibbling his nipples working my way over his strong muscles and then lower over his stomach, I was looking into his eyes whilst I worked my way towards his cock, it took me a second before I realised that he was completely devoid of any pubic hair. I hadn't noticed until then because I'd only seen him with the towel wrapped around him. I remember thinking how hot that looked, his cock looked huge with the absence of any hair. I took hold of his cock, noticing the little bead of precum that was forming at the tip, I put out my tongue and licked it and I could hear Daniel groaning. I licked along his cock, slowly working my lips across his length, once I'd reached the base of his delicious cock I dipped below, running my tongue over the hairless balls that hung underneath a fair sized cock that was growing in stature and girth as my tongue worked over it.
I licked back along the length until I was back to the head, Daniel's legs were trembling slightly, I looked up to see him staring down at me.
"Fuck, you really do have a talented mouth!"
I smiled and slid my mouth onto his cock, my right hand was gripping it from the base and I worked my mouth down, over his erection until my lips touched my hand. I remember thinking, Shit, his cock must be eight or nine inches long, I was wondering if I'd be able to take it all in my mouth, then smiled as best as I could as the thought of trying to fit it all in my arse, never mind my mouth. Daniel dropped his hands onto my head, holding it gently but firmly,
"Let go of my cock, put your hands flat on the wall either side of my legs and don't move them." he instructed.
I did as I was told, it was really horny letting someone take charge like that. I'd tried topping before with other guys but I always felt more comfortable being a bottom, this was something different though, this was more submissive, Daniel was in control of how things were developing and I was happy to let him.
He held each side of my head and slowly fed his cock into my mouth, I'd got over half way easily but he kept going, until most of his cock was in my mouth, I felt it hit the back of my throat and gagged, taking my hands off the wall and putting them on his legs to stop him.
"It's okay, you did well, I was just curious to see how you did with my cock, now put your hands back on the wall, let me decide how much you can take."
Looking back, I had two choices, I could have told him he might choke me, sucked his cock how I wanted to, swallowed his cum and then told him to fuck off or I did as he requested, let him do as he pleased, maybe enjoy it and learn something, swallow his cum and then see what happened.
I chose the latter.
I placed my hands on the wall either side of Daniels legs, palms flat, he smiled down at me and readjusted his hands on my head, he pushed back into my mouth again but this time stopped short of gagging me, he pulled out until just the tip of his cock was in my mouth, then flexed his hips, sliding a few inches of his cock into me, he did a few shallow thrusts, allowing me to get used to the size of his cock I guess and then one deeper one, almost hitting the back of my throat, he stopped, holding me firmly onto his cock.
This felt good, he held me like that for a few seconds before repeating the motion, four or five quick shallow thrusts and then one deeper one. On the deeper one he held me still, looking into my eyes.
"Good boy," he said quietly.
Just those two little words made my cock twitch and right then I'd have let him do anything he wanted, I think he knew it as well because he again pulled out until just the tip was in my mouth before repeating the whole process again. Four or five short shallow thrusts and then one deeper, longer one.
I realised that with each deeper thrust he was getting slightly more and more of his cock in my mouth, I gagged and he withdrew again, just leaving the tip clasped inside my lips. My eyes were watering slightly and I could feel the saliva building up inside my mouth and dribbling over my bottom lip, I tried to swallow but Daniel began again with the shallow thrusts and then the deeper one, he held my head and with his cock buried deep in my mouth I couldn't swallow. This time as he slid his cock out of my mouth I could feel my saliva dripping onto my heaving chest, I hadn't even noticed that I'd been holding my breath until he spoke again.
"Breathe through your nose, you're doing really well," he said soothingly "Such a good boy."
We continued like this for a little while, few shallow thrusts and then a deeper one, then again, few shallow thrusts and a deeper one, always holding his cock in my mouth for a few seconds on the deep one, my eyes were still watering but I was breathing okay, saliva was still dripping onto my chest and I could feel it dribbling into my pubic hair, I refused to move my hands from the wall, letting Daniel fuck my mouth as he wished, I breathed in again as he withdrew his cock, another line of spittle dribbling out of my mouth, few quick thrusts then the deeper one, my nose hit his stomach and I was shocked to realise his cock was actually in my throat and I wasn't gagging at all, Jesus he was deep, he held me there, my nose pressed tight against his stomach, I could feel every inch of his cock in my mouth and throat, I was that full I could only just move my tongue a tiny bit against his shaft, he grunted his approval and forced me even tighter against his belly.
I couldn't even breathe he was holding me so tight, I was getting a twinge of panic and he must have felt me trying to swallow as he slid his cock back out of my mouth until just his engorged head was inside my lips.
"Well done," he said "That was fucking incredible, did you know you could deep throat?"
I couldn't speak with his cock in my mouth still so I just shook my head slightly side to side.
"You're a really good boy, I'm going to enjoy fucking your mouth properly now."
My eyes widened slightly, I thought he had been fucking my mouth, I felt his hands shifting slightly on the sides of my head, he took a good grip and began to pump his cock in and out of my mouth in earnest, this time he didn't pause on the deep strokes, he didn't bother with any shallow strokes, just fed his entire cock into my mouth till it hit the back of my throat, in and out, in and out, I could feel him trembling as he fucked me, his thrusts getting deeper and quicker until with one almighty thrust he pulled me tight against his stomach, his cock was right in my throat, I could feel it twitching and then with a groan he shot his hot, salty cum right into my throat, I didn't even need to swallow, it fired straight into my gullet and gone. He sagged back against the wall releasing his grip on my head, I think he expected me to let go of his cock but I didn't. I kept my hands on the wall, palms flat as instructed and sucked every drop of cum from his cock. I could feel it softening ever so slightly in my mouth but still, obediently, I held it there.
"Jesus Christ," he said "That was fucking incredible, I may just have to keep you all to myself with a mouth like you have!"
He laughed as he said it but there was something in his tone which suggested he wasn't joking and I shivered involuntarily, he motioned for me to stand up and I duly obliged, he placed his right hand against the centre of my chest and propelled me gently backwards until the backs of my thighs made contact with the raised area, I lifted myself onto it, sitting with my bum just on the long edge, he leaned me backwards so I was resting on my elbows, my head just touching the wall behind me and my legs dangling against the wooden frame. He spread my legs and stood between them, he looked into my eyes and said,
"Keep still!"
My cock twitched at the sound of his voice, I was loving every minute of this guy completely controlling every aspect of this, this, sexual adventure I guess, I didn't know what else to call it. It was just sex, so I suppose that was a good a word as any to describe it. He placed his hands on my shoulders, spreading his fingers out, almost massaging my shoulders before working down onto my chest, he took my nipples between finger and thumb and caressed them gently, he didn't try to twist them off like most guys in the saunas but he did make them stand on end and he leaned forward taking the right nipple between his teeth, I groaned as his teeth locked onto my nipple, it felt like an electric surge passed from my nipple directly to my cock as it twitched as he bit down tenderly, he released it, licking it with broad strokes of his tongue before moving to my other nipple, repeating the process as I squirmed and wriggled under his touch, he kissed his way down my body, pausing at my groin to kiss the tip of my cock.
He clasped my left ankle in his hand, bringing it up to his lips, he licked and sucked each of my toes in turn and then kissed his way up my leg until he reached my cock, he paused then placed my heel on the wooden frame. He then held my right ankle, kissing and sucking each of the toes and then kissed up my leg, back to my groin before placing my right heel on the frame.
I was spread wide and completely exposed for him.
He knelt between my legs, his hands on my ankles, keeping me in that position, he looked into my eyes, watching me, he knew he had me, his head dipped forward and I felt his warm breath on my balls, I was trembling as he started to lick them, swirling his tongue over them and then lower, onto my arse, I felt his tongue on my puckered hole, licking around it and then probing inside it, I closed my eyes, this was so intense, I love being rimmed but this was something incredible. I could feel his tongue inside my arse, pushing inside, opening me up for him, I thought my cock was going to explode with the pleasure, I realised I was panting and I opened my eyes to see him looking directly at me.
He stood up again, his cock stiff and proud and pointing right at me, I could feel it touching my arse and I tensed, he leaned over to the shelf and grabbed a condom, ripping the wrapper off with his teeth and swiftly rolling it onto his erect cock, he picked up a sachet of lube, pulling off the wrapper and smeared it all over his cock, he positioned the tip of his cock against my arsehole, he flexed his hips and pushed forward slowly, I could feel his cock stretching my tight arsehole, feeling it opening for his cock head, I relaxed as best as I could and the tip of his cock slipped into my arse. He paused, just holding his cock inside me, I looked up into his eyes and he said.
"You haven't even told me your name yet?"
"It's Tad," I moaned breathlessly.
"Cute name," he said as he slid another inch of his cock inside me.
He pulled my heels off the wooden frame, sliding his arms underneath my legs, gently pulling me towards him, my arse hanging a few inches over the frame, the backs of my knees hooked over his arms, his hands gripped my hips.
"They're my initials, Thomas Andrew Dawson," I replied groaning as another inch of his cock slid into me "I've always been known as Tad."
"Well, Tad, I'm about to claim your arse as mine," he said as he slid the rest of his thick cock inside me.
I could feel his balls against the cheeks of my bum, every inch of his cock was deep inside me, he paused, looking lustfully into my eyes, I could feel his cock twitching and the muscles in my body almost twitching in harmony as he stood stock still between my outstretched legs. He began to move, slowly at first, letting me get used to his length and thickness, before gradually picking up his pace until he was slamming his hard cock into my arse, I could hear and feel his balls slapping against me, I could hear myself moaning as he fucked me, taking me on-wards into a sexual bliss, he slipped his right arm from underneath my leg and gripped my cock, wanking it in time with his thrusting motion, I was close to cumming, I told him and he just smiled, slowing his hips slightly, he wanked my cock even quicker, after a few seconds of this I cried out as spurt after spurt of my cum erupted from my cock, splashing all over my stomach and chest, as far up even as my throat, Daniel completely drained my cock but he kept on fucking my arse, I could hear him panting and I knew he had to be close.
"Fuck my arse Daniel," I cried "Fuck my tight, slutty arse, claim my arse as yours!"
He groaned as my words bounced around the cramped room, his hips almost a blur as he continued pounding my arse, with one last thrust he cried out as he emptied his balls inside me. He collapsed forward onto my chest, his lips found mine and we kissed as I curled my legs around his waist.
We laid like that for what seemed like ages but was probably only a few minutes, our breathing slowing down to a normal rate, Daniel stirred but only when we heard someone trying the door handle to the room,
"Come on," he said "Let's have a shower and get out of here."
He began to move away from me and I let out a gasp as his semi hard cock slipped from my arse, he took off the condom and dropped it gently into the bin, as he turned back to face me I could see my cum glistening in the hairs on his chest, Daniel picked up our towels, handed one to me, threw the other over his shoulder then held out his hand, this time I didn't hesitate, I took his hand and he unlocked the door and we strode through.
Two men, both around Daniels age I guessed, were waiting outside, they must have listened as Daniel had fucked me and waited their turn to use the room. One of the men nodded a greeting to Daniel as we passed, Daniel smiled in return then led me to the shower area where he had accosted me earlier. Daniel stood me under the shower, the warm water cascading over my body, he didn't join me, instead reaching over to the shelf and taking down the shower gel, he poured a liberal amount into his hand then began to rub his hands over my body, covering me and washing me down, he moved into the water and kissed me, his chest tight against mine as the water poured over us, we washed each other and then as the water stopped, made our way back to the changing room where we dressed. While we were dressing Daniel told me that he would really like to see me again, we swapped mobile numbers and he asked me if I was serious about doing some work at his house. I said I was and he said he would text me his address and just to let him know when I would be able to go over to have a look at what needed doing. Daniel kissed me again as we got to the door that exited the sauna, he said he would text me soon and we left the building, when we got outside he turned left and walked briskly away, my car was in the opposite direction, I made my way to it, exited the car park and drove home.
On the way I recapped my afternoon, I'd sucked seven different cocks, swallowed six loads of cum and had one splashed all over my chest, I'd learnt that I could deep throat a cock, I'd been fucked by a guy and as he fucked me he'd made me cum all over my chest and then he'd given me his phone number. God, I really am a slut, the thought made me chuckle. I know I smiled all the way home.