The title of this story references a song title.
CHAPTER 1
Jackie and I had been planning an outdoor adventure. A multi-day canoe trip in Algonquin Park, about a 4-hour drive north of Toronto. The park is made up of hundreds of lakes. The circuit would take three nights, and we would paddle out on the 4th day. This remote route would take us through several lakes, portaging (hiking) our gear and canoeing from lake to lake.
The day of departure arrived, and we were to leave around 2am for the drive. This would allow us to avoid traffic and get to the park rental shop around 6am to rent our canoe. We wanted to get a head start on any other paddlers heading out that day to get a sweet spot we stayed at the last time we were there.
We came up on the gear shop in the park just as the sun peaked over the boreal forest, evaporating the cold, moist morning air. It was going to be a great first day of our expedition. The office wasn't open for a few more minutes, so we got into our paddle clothes. Jackie was a natural beauty, a nature girl who rarely wore makeup. She stood around 5'7". She took her blonde hair up from halfway down her back and twisted the soft curls under her hat. She put on a baggie pair of nylon pants and an insulated jacket to stay warm and dry on the lake. You couldn't tell what a knockout she was in her get-up.
"I'll get the gear out of the truck and bring it down if you want to take care of the rental and registration," I told her.
As I was unloading, another vehicle pulled up with three guys. They exited the truck dressed in mostly U.S. Army fatigues and gear. I said "hello," and they asked if the office was open. I told them it should be any minute. They headed up to get sorted.
Jackie came walking back with an impish smile.
"It looks like those three army boys will be doing the same circuit as us."
"Ugh, great, I was hoping to have it to ourselves."
"Well, at least they're cute." She said.
"Oh really, that's where you're at."
Jackie was 24, and I was 27. We had been together for four years. We had done some sexual experimenting together over the years; a threesome with a guy she was really attracted to from school, and we had an MFF encounter with a friend of hers from work. We both really enjoyed these encounters. We were young and liked sexual adventure; jealousy wasn't a factor. It had been over a year since the last one, and we had been discussing our next escapade. We got really horny whenever the subject came up. I didn't plan on this trip being our next sexual adventure.
The three guys came down to the water just as we were getting ready to head out.
"Hey guys, got it all set to go?" She said.
They mumbled something to the effect of... they had to get all packed and organized and get some last-minute supplies but should be on the water in an hour. They barely looked at Jackie as they started unloading. That wasn't surprising, as she was pretty frumpy with her gear on.
"Well, maybe we'll see you on the water. Looks like we're taking the same route. I'm Jackie, and this is Justin."
They introduced themselves. I could see why Jackie was attracted to them. The first to say hello was the tallest and most muscular his name was Beau. He had short brown hair and a recent cut above his eyebrow. The next one to say "Hey" was Liam. He was stocky, about 5'9", and had dark green eyes. Last was Tyler. He fell in between the other two for height and build. He had several tribal-style tattoos on his arms and was darker skinned. They seemed distracted. So we left it there and got on with packing the canoe.
We paddled for about an hour when Jackie, who was in front with her back to me, started talking about them. I knew she was feeling me out to see what I thought. At first, Jackie was trying to get a reaction out of me by talking about how exciting it would be to see one of them around the lake while hiking and what might happen. She started to go into more detail about her fantasy. She was getting hot and bothered by my reaction and her storytelling. Finally, I let her know I was apprehensive. I mean, we are out here in the middle of nowhere, and these guys were young. They looked about 21 or 22 and were full of testosterone and muscles.
"Oh, come on, it's nothing I can't handle. Let's be open to the idea and see where it goes." She said suggestively.`
I cautiously agreed. Over the next couple of hours, there was tension and excitement as thoughts were swimming through our heads of what might unfold later that day.
We arrived at the site on a small island about the size of two football fields. It was forested, and the shoreline was surrounded by large flat smooth granite rocks that led up the island. The spot was southwest facing, so we would have full afternoon sun.
We walked around the campsite, decided where to set up, and then walked to the other side of the small island. Once there, we noticed another campsite but decided we had the best one. We returned, set up and stripped down and had a swim. Jackie decided to get some sun and lay naked on the warm rocks as the water lapped her feet. I went up to the site to finish setting up, get some food ready and the fire prepped. I walked the shoreline, away from where Jackie was laid out in nothing but a pair of sunglasses. I heard the guys paddling along the island toward her, about a minute away. I started to run back and warn her that people were coming. I stopped and decided to see how it would play out. The three paddlers hadn't seen me, so I followed them through the woods and watched to see what would happen.
As they got closer, I took up a hiding spot where I could see and hear everything. I could tell that Jackie had drifted off because she didn't move as they approached one of the large protruding rocks. When they cleared that, there she was in all her naked glory for the three of them to see. One of them said.
"Holy Shit!" And another said, "Oh Yeah!"
I don't even think they initially realized that it was the same frumpy-dressed woman from the entrance earlier that day.
Without hesitation or embarrassment, Jackie sat up on her elbows. Giving them a full view of her tits she was baring. By the look on their faces, they were roused. I'm sure they thought of how nice each one would fill their hands. She had great perky athletic tits that rested slightly east/west. I would guess she was a 28B cup size, with rose-coloured nipples that, when aroused, would show clearly through any tight top.
"Oh hey, boys, I wondered if you would make it out this far."
They were only 10 feet from the rock where she was laid out. The guy in the front of the canoe, Beau said.
"Well, I'm glad we pushed through. This is the best view I've had in over 2 months."
Jackie raised herself and rested on her hands with her legs straight out in front of her. They must have had a clear view of her mostly smooth pussy with the little tuft of hair I had trimmed into the shape of a heart, about the size of a silver dollar.
"Well, thank you for the compliment?"
I got turned on by watching them try to play it cool in front of my naked nature girl out on display for their pleasure.
They told her they had finished basic training in San Antonio, Texas. They met there and planned a trip. Liam had been here with his family when he was a teen. As she listened to their stories, she separated her legs and pulled her feet up so they could glimpse further into her peach. She watched their aroused reactions from behind her shades and let slip a wayward smile.
I have to say I was put at ease by how polite and respectful they were being with Jackie.
"Hey, you should check out the campsite on the other side of the island. Come over after you guys are set up, have some margaritas and watch the sunset with us."
Of course, they agreed.
I felt apprehensive and excited, thinking in flashes at what might unfold. I didn't tell Jackie about my voyeurism. I quickly got back to camp as they paddled away. I wanted to see how she would handle telling me what had just happened.
She matter of factly said.
"Oh hey, I just saw the boys. They are camping at the site on the other side. I invited them over to have some drinks."
Her full lips pulled a coy smile, followed by a raised eyebrow. No eye contact.
"Oh yeah. Just a drink?" I said.
"Yeah. Maybe flirting, teasing, and... we'll see what happens."
"If we go ahead with this, you take my lead. I don't want them thinking they will just come over here and gang-bang you."
I wondered if it was exactly what she wanted.
"Of course not. What do you think I am?"
Jackie put on a long sheer white nylon tank top that went just past her ass. It was see-through enough that you could make out the shape of her tits, the colour of her nipples and the crack of her ass. Seeing this made me feel uneasy and a lot turned on. I began to get on the same page as Jackie. We waited.
They came strolling down the path about an hour before sunset. They couldn't take their eyes off Jackie and all she was showing. Introductions were made again as they approached. Each carried a couple of beers. They smelled of armpit deodorant, and I think one was wearing cologne. I caught Jackie's eye, and she approached the picnic table where I was. I knew she was unimpressed with the way they smelled.
While they got settled and opened their drinks, we devised a plan. Jackie turned her back to them and walked over to the cooler. She bent over right in front of them, legs straight and slightly parted. The shirt slipped up over her round ass. Really it (the shirt) didn't have a chance. And there it was; with the lake in front of her, the boys standing a few feet behind her gawking, and me behind them, prepping drinks, taking it all in. Jackie was flaunting a full view of her smooth snatch. As I'm sure we all were, I thought about how puffy and billowy her labia looked. She took her time to ensure the image was burned in their memory. She knew she had them in the palm of her hand. Jackie then stood up quickly and turned around, holding a bag of limes. The boys were still looking down, and she/we all saw that her shirt was up, exposing the front of her pussy with the little heart. She pulled it back down.
"So you boys smell like you're on your way to a job interview. I'm not really liking it. Why don't you go and have a swim while we finish the margaritas."
They apologized and began walking down to the lake. She called them back.
"What are you doing? Strip down and leave your clothes by the fire to stay warm while you're swimming."
Liam and Tyler looked apprehensive, but Beau already had his T-shirt off and was working his way out of his shorts. Liam and Tyler shrugged and got on with it. They stood there looking at her in their underwear.
"Well, boys, don't be shy, strip."
Beau was first. Then the other two followed. They had semi-hard-ons from seeing Jackie's cache. I wondered if they thought she would cruelly tease them and send them back to their campsite without any gratification. I wondered too.
"Hmm, lots of potential there, boys. Now go wash up."
We could hear them splashing around, having a low-voice conversation. Jackie and I discussed our next move.
"I'm so fucking horny. My pussy is really wet. Are we going to do this?"
"We? I mean, this was your idea. I'm enjoying the ride and waiting to see what you'll do. So surprise me."
I pulled her close to me and kissed her deeply. My hand went under her shirt and rubbed her excited clit. She was really wet. I pulled her shirt down over her shoulders and sucked hard on her nipples. I told her to slow down. The night was just getting started. Jackie pulled up her shirt and covered herself.
The boys came up the path dripping and came to stand around the fire. Once they were warmed up and dry, I told them the Major wanted them in formation for an inspection. They looked at me to see if I was joking.
"Come on, let's go," I said.
They lined up, Beau, Liam, then Tyler. They stood at attention, their shoulders back, chest out, still naked.
We went up to Beau.
"Put your arms up, soldier."
He went to raise his arms and unintentionally brushed Jackie's tit with his hand.
"Did I say you could touch the Majors tit?"
"No, Sir! Sorry, Sir!"
"Drop and give me 20, soldier."
Without hesitation, he started doing push-ups. Jackie was checking out his muscles as he did them. She was enjoying this. He jumped up and stood at attention.
"Arms up."
He raised his arms over his head, and Jackie stepped up close to him, buried her face into his armpit, and took a big sniff.
"Umm. Fuck, you smell much better now, soldier."
She put her hands on his shoulders, squeezed and felt over his chest, and began to sink down and squatted in front of him. I saw his cock grow full. Beau was of average size with girth. He had a deep brown tan from basic training in the sun from the last few weeks, but in contrast, his cock was really white. I thought she was going to put it in her mouth. She had it open like it was her intent but, instead, put her nose into the crease between his stiff cock and thigh. Again she had a smell. His cock bobbed up and down from the tease.
Next, she stood up beside Liam. He was rock-hard. His dick was about 7 inches, not as thick as his friend's. He was practically hairless. I knew Jackie would be really turned on by that. She explored his upper body while she looked down at his cock. It jumped a little and touched her belly button. She jumped back. Without telling him, he dropped and did 20 push-ups carefully so he wouldn't drive his stake into the ground.
He stood and was breathing heavily. She ran her fingers across his muscled abs, went down in front of him and turned her head up to look at him as she put her nose against his balls and smelled. The look on Liam's face was priceless. Tyler was eagerly awaiting his inspection.
"You know what? Just drop and give me twenty."
He did and stood back up. Jackie walked around him, touching him from the waist up, and smelled his chest area. He wasn't hard, but he had a dick that looked erect at rest. Now as she stood in front of him, it grew and grew.
Tyler had a great body, and his cock matched. He was at least eight inches. His cock sloped upwards and reminded me of a thick banana. Jackie took a big breath. I wondered if she was thinking the same as me. Is he going to fit inside her pussy? I asked later what she felt when she saw the biggest cock she would soon be squeezing into her. She told me she couldn't wait to conquer his hardwood muscle.
Jackie's pussy was pretty tight when it was wrapping me up, and my cock was just shy of seven inches, and I wasn't as thick as the three soldiers that stood before us. I wanted to see her try. She walked around behind him and pressed her whole body into him. Bringing her arms around the front of his torso, she squeezed his strong pecks and began sliding her hands down towards Tyler's cock. We were all looking down expectantly to see if she would tease or give in to her desires. She gave in. She let a hand slip down and massaged his balls. Jackie brought it up and took hold of the base of his cock, and began stroking it up and down. Jackie realized he was big enough to get a second hand on his tool. She let out a little noise letting us know that she was delighted. This went on for a minute, and she stopped and went around and stood in front of him.
Tyler's cock was staring up at her, and we all saw a big dew drop of pre cum on the tip. It looked like it was about to drip off. She dropped to her knees and looked over at the two other boys. She grabbed it and swiped his pre cum across her pouty lips, making them glisten. Jackie then made a show of licking them for us to see. She opened her mouth, put the head in, and sucked until she got it all. He was in ecstasy. The other two looked a little jealous. Jackie stood up and was standing beside me now.
"Well did they pass inspection," I asked.
"Not bad, but their weapons haven't been cleaned in a while, and their magazines will need to be emptied. But first, how about that drink. I'll take mine with a salty rim. At ease, soldiers."
She walked off towards the picnic area. We followed her up. We sat around the fire as the sun finished for the day. The three of them were still naked. We talked about the trip and where they were from. We finished our drinks. I told her privately when she was ready to take her shirt off and lie on the picnic table. I went to grab a sleeping bag from the tent and put it over the table.
She went over to where the boys were sitting.
"Who wants to help me slip out of this?"
Beau was the first to spring up, pushing the other two back in their seats. He rushed up to her.
"Slowly, please."
"Yes, Major."
Jackie raised her arms, and Beau slowly lifted her shirt over her firm young tits and past her blonde hair. She stood there in the firelight, glowing. She walked over to the table and stood on it, doing a little sexy firelight dance as we took our seats. She laid down, and I set up a shot of tequila in her navel, a squeeze of lime on one tit, a salt dash on the other. Each one of the boys took turns slurping and licking her tits and belly. We were now loose, tipsy and friendly. Jackie went for a pee, and I told them some ground rules. No slut or whore talk, and what we say goes at any time. They assured me they would be respectful and thanked me for the great story they would have to tell. Jackie came back and asked us what we were all so serious about.
"Oh, I was asking the boys what their intentions are. "
"And what did they say?"
"How about a 3-minute wrestling match with each of us?" Liam said.
"Hmm, I like that idea. But no penis into vagina." I said.
They agreed to the rules. We laid out our sleeping bags on a tarp near the fire. The boys decided who would be first up. Liam knelt and waited for Jackie to make the first move. She jumped on his back and was really going for it. He wiggled out, grabbed her up, and put her on her back. He held her down with one arm on her chest and began squeezing her boobs with her giggling in delight. He looked hungry for her. She wiggled to her stomach and that wasn't any better for her, he pinned her again and massaged her ass. She slowed down and excepted her loss. His hands explored her back and ass, and he looked at me as if to say, "Is this OK." I nodded. He spread her legs and started feeling for her crack. I knew he had found her treasure by the sounds coming from her. He grabbed her hips and got her to her knees, her ass still facing him.
"She is so hot and wet in there," he told his friends as his finger entered.
"Times up, man, my turn," Tyler said.
This time they started in a standing position, and they pulled at each other. Then Tyler grabbed her, spun her around, and held Jackie from behind. She tried to get free, but he held both of her tits. Her nipples were straining from the pressure and pleasure they were receiving. His eight-inch+ cock must have been jabbing into her back because she wiggled and spread her legs. His cock popped up between her thighs. The head stuck out the front of her pussy lips two or three inches. He started sliding her back and forth along it while he squeezed her nipples. She had her mouth open and smiling.
"OK, OK, my turn," Beau said
Jackie had no chance as he pinned her down and worked himself on top of her tits. He slapped her nipples with a thwack each time his cock touched them. Beau inched up, playfully bounced it around her face and rubbed the tip around her lips until she just had to taste it. She put out her tongue, and he slid his shaft back and forth until his time was up.
"Well, Jackie, you definitely lost all 3 bouts."
"I don't know about that," she said coyly.
" So I guess you want to collect your winnings, huh."
They were eager.
"You can't fuck her tonight, but you can take her and do everything but that," I said.
The four of them didn't look too disappointed. Kneeling down, they surrounded her. She was facing three cocks she would have to take care of, so she got to work. She grabbed Liam's eager dick and started sucking him off and tugging on the other members simultaneously. They stepped in closer, and it began to intensify. Liam started guiding her head up and down on his cock. Beau moved in behind her and lay down with his face under her wet pussy. She shifted until she was in the place she needed for oral satisfaction and gyrated on top of his face. Jackie looked for Tyler and his super size dick. She didn't have to look far. She saw that large drop of cum on his tip again and started with that as an appetizer. She opened wide and began her sloppy suck job. Quickly her face was glistening with saliva and his pre-juice.
The boys wanted to try another position. They stood up. Beau and Liam put her arms over their shoulders, supporting her weight as Tyler lifted her legs over his shoulders. He stepped into her and began working away at her pussy with his tongue. She brought her knees up to her chest. He supported her with a hand on each cheek. The other boys turned to face her breasts. They took hungry sucks on her nipples, and she squirmed in delight. One of the boys in front brought his hand down to her ass and began sliding it up and down in her crack, spreading juices collecting where Tyler was servicing her.
I knew he was rubbing her asshole, and knowing how much she loved that turned me on.
Jackie began her assent towards orgasm. As they nibbled her points and licked her pussy I could see Liam and Beau taking turns probing their fingers in and out of her ass and pussy.
"OH FUCK YEAH! OH FUCK YES!! Don't stop, Don't stop."
Jackie was writhing and bucking as Tyler continued to lap at her hungry hole. She relaxed in their arms. They set her down gently on the sleeping bag next to the fire, and we watched as she slowly returned to earth. Breathing heavily with her eyes closed. She looked beautiful while she lay there with the firelight dancing across her naked body.
"OK, let's get your magazines emptied." She said, laughing.
I took off my clothes. I sat in the chair, and she walked over and turned her back to me. Jackie lowered herself onto my waiting cock. The boys watched me slip into her juicy pussy. I don't remember her ever being so wet. The boys looked on as I took her in front of them. They were practically drooling, wishing they were me right then. They could see from where they were sitting, my cock appearing and disappearing inside her box.
"Are you just going to sit there with your dicks in your hand or come over here and let me suck you off?"
They hurried over, and she put Beau in her mouth. She stopped moving up and down on me, which was good because I was getting close. The other two came in closer, stroking themselves next to her. They took turns in her mouth for the next 5 minutes. She leaned back into my dick, which went deep, while she sucked hard on Tyler. Liam went for her clit as all this was going on. It almost sent me over the top. I pushed her off of me and took up the space before her. She knew I was close.
"Oh yes, come on, put it right here."
She jacked me off with the juices on her hands and face, and I shot my load mostly between her boobs. She finished cleaning me up in her mouth, and I had her stand back up so she could sit on my lap for the finale. Reaching around, I played with her nipples and the cum I put there. Beau stepped up to the plate, and she sucked on him until he started to moan. Then he began to release.
"Oh yeah, come on my tits."
Beau was loaded. He just kept spurting. He took a seat, and next was Liam. He took his long thin cock, and teased her lips, sliding in and then all the way out, making a popping noise each time. Liam tried to hold on, but I could tell he was close. The workup was big as he let loose with his jizz parade. Liam made a big mess all over her tits. His last push landed on her cheek. Jackie wiped it with her index finger and spread it on her tongue.
"Oh, that's tasty. Nicely done."
As Tyler and his big dick stepped up, I began rubbing her boobs together. The cum from the three of us began to smear all over and was warm and sticky. She was trying to get the big guy all in her mouth, but there was no way. She stroked his lower cock with her hand, and she still couldn't get it all in her mouth. Beau began fingering her pussy while all of this went down, and she was getting worked up again. She looked up at him.
"I want you to fuck my titties. Can you do that for me? Can you? I really need you to do that for me."
His big dick slipped down to her tits. I pushed them in towards each other, wrapping it up in cum and boobs. I liked the feeling of him separating her tits with his dick. He lasted about 2 minutes as he stood up and jerked his slippery tool in front of her face. His head went back and released a torrent into her face. She was a little surprised by this and opened her mouth to gasp. He took this as an invite to finish the last few spurts into her mouth. When he was done, he pulled out, got on his knees and ate her out with me still under her. As she wiped off the jizz on her face, I slipped back in for another quick grind. She took his face and brought him hard onto her puffy clit. It took only a few minutes for her to start wiggling into his tongue.
"Fuck you guys, Fuck you...Oh yeah, like that, More, don't stop."
She quaked and relaxed. I stood her up and fucked her standing doggy style. I pushed deep into her tight wet pussy and let loose all I had left.
The night ended pretty quickly, and it was 11 pm. We all cleaned up at the river. As she said goodnight, she kissed them deeply and told them how fun that was. They wanted to know if there might be a chance of seconds tomorrow.
" We will have to see."
That night in the tent, we started planning for day two.
"I was a little disappointed that I didn't get my pussy stuffed by strangers."
" Jeez, save some for Tuesday."
"Sweet Dreams."
CHAPTER 2
The morning sun filtered through the tent's walls, and we emerged into another beautiful day. Jackie and I talked about the previous days' events. She checked in with me to see if I felt alright.
"I'm good. While you were being taken by them, the expressions on your face were the best part for me. Seeing how sexed up you were, made me feel so many different ways. It's hard to explain. So what about you any day after regrets?"
"I have so many feelings running through me, and it's hard to land on one. But I wouldn't say regret. Today I still feel hungry and want to go further with it. Are you willing to give me to the boys again?"
She asked me this in a way that if I said no, it would be fine with her. It was something we both wanted to explore more.
"Let's go. I'm in, but I like at least one of us being in control. The boys seem willing enough to play along. Let's talk about what we want from this next encounter, and we'll come up with something."
"I like it. I'm starting to get that feeling again. The anticipation of knowing and not knowing what is going to happen. The risk and reward."
" Why don't you let me plan today. You can revel in the mystery."
"Oh, I like that. Are you going to give me a hint?"
"You should have a safe word if you are not into something. And I will be there but not there."
"Fuck, what are you planning, no don't tell me." She thought for a bit. "My safe word is Firefly."
We had a big breakfast. I told her we were going to need it.
We packed up the gear and loaded up the canoe. We were heading to our second stop on the trip. An hour's paddle, then a short portage to a large lake, then another short portage to a small lake with several campsites around the edge of it. I thought we would be there between 12 and 1.
"I'm going to go and see where the boys are at and give them their mission for the day."
She smiled and started taking the supplies down to the waterline.
When I arrived at the camp it was quiet except for the snoring of one of the boys in the 4-man tent.
"Rise and shine, soldiers. Fall in for today's briefing on your next mission. You got two minutes, or there will be push-ups."
They groaned a little, but within minutes they were spilling out of the opening and falling into line, at attention. It occurred to me that this, on a different level, had been their reality for the last ten weeks of basic training. They were conditioned to follow orders and complete missions. They were full of ARMY and ready for duty.
"You're not going to inspect us, are you," Liam said.
We all laughed at that.
"No, Soldier. Why don't you make some coffee? The two of you break camp while we wait."
With our coffees, we sat around the table with their map, and I started to tell them what would happen.
" Today's mission is to capture the flag. After you pack it up, start heading to this location."
I marked it on the map.
"Once there, you will be looking for a target."
I pulled out my phone and showed them a picture of Jackie I had just taken wearing the same tank top she was wearing so well the night before. I had written in Sharpie across the front of it, "FLAG." They all smiled at that.
"She will be around the lake no more than 50 meters from the shoreline."
The lake was about 6 acres in area. It wouldn't take very long to hike around it. A small path went the whole way around, and the terrain was rocky and forested. The boys were all business.
"What is the objective, Sir?"
"Listen, Jackie, and I like to play games. She will evade, and you hunt. Are you guys good with that?"
They all nodded eagerly, assured me they understood and were grateful for the chance to have Jackie again.
"Thank you, this is just what we needed after the last ten weeks. It's hard to believe that you are letting us do this." Beau said.
" We wouldn't do anything to the Major she didn't want," Tyler added.
"Good. Split up when you're onsite. Locate the Major. And capture the flag."
"What can we do with her once we locate her," Beau said.
"The first one to find her will take the flag and her ass."
It grew quiet around the table, and they looked at each other with "game on" faces.
"Listen, the Major is only down with this when she's really horny. It's not something we do a lot. Usually, she says no."
In the past 4 years we have been together, we have only done anal five or six times. It was something she reserved for her most desirous moments.
" Seriously, you will let the winner fuck your girl in the ass."
"That's the mission. I was vague on the details with her. She doesn't know too much about the plan. Or the ass fucking. I know that she will be horny enough for it, though. Tell her that the one who captures her gets to take her ass for a ride. Start slow. She has a safe word where if you hear it, you stop what your doing. The word is Firefly."
"What about the losers," Tyler said.
"There are no losers today. You guys can have her all the way. If she wants more, that is up to her. I got to get going, but before I do, I want to let you know that I will be an incognito observer. I will be close by watching. If you see me, play along as if you didn't. I also want you to surprise us with some situations of your own. Remember, don't rush. You will have at least three hours. You have until sunset, then return her to the campsite marked on the map. I will leave some supplies there for you to pack. Leave in 1 hour. Are we good?"
All three stood up at attention.
"Yes, Sir."
I walked back to camp, and Jackie and I headed off. It was great being together on the water.
"So what did you tell the boys."
"I gave them a mission. And told them they were going to capture the flag."
"I was wondering what the shirt thing was about."
" We'll find you a good hiding spot around the lake, and you'll have to wait and see what happens from there. Remember, you have to be returned to camp by sunset."
Jackie promptly jumped out of the canoe onto shore, where we would set up for the night. We should have at least a few hours before they arrive. The excitement was building, and we fumbled quickly to get everything ready. It took about an hour. I pulled Jackie to me, and we had our hands all over each other. She started to go down on me, but I stopped her, telling her I wanted to keep this building up.
She went down to the lake for a swim, and I prepared supplies for the boys. I left them some cordage. I'm sure they could think of something that it would come in useful for. Jackie had packed a bottle of massage oil (all natural like her, of course). And a squeeze bottle of lube was a must for any young couple when travelling. Some protein bars, a water bottle and a camp towel.
The last thing was something I just thought of last minute. My phone with a clip for mounting. And a note. It said.."One of you that is good with taking video capture some of the action."
With that, we headed out to the path around the lake. There were a thousand hiding spots. We had a hard time picking one. We settled on an outcropping of rocks the size of cars. There was a little hiding spot you could easily walk, fit and sit in. It was about 30 feet from the water line. We explored the surrounding area. There was a small glade several feet into the forest covered in 4" sphagnum moss and fallen logs here and there. A short walk towards the lake led to a tiny beach.
We went down to the beach area. From there, you could see where they would be exiting the portage trail and getting back in the canoe for the short trip to the campsite. We ate some lunch, and Jackie rolled a little joint. We relaxed for a bit. I stood to leave and said.
"OK, good luck, and don't do anything I wouldn't."
"What, your leaving?"
"Yep. Don't worry. I'll be around. See you tonight."
"OK, my anxiety level just spiked. I was not expecting you to leave with three sex-hungry young men searching for me. Now I'm really nervous." Jackie said.
"Remember, it's a game. They want to capture you and have their way with you."
"And what are the rules of engagement?"
"See ya later."
I found a spot with a good view and watched Jackie look out eagerly for her takers to arrive. I could hear them as they clunked down their canoe on the other side of the lake. All three were shirtless. I left Jackie to follow the boys and see what they were doing. They got back into the canoe and started paddling towards the campsite. They got out, looked around, and found the items I had left for them. They gathered them up, and I heard them say they would drop their things off at their site about 200 meters from us. I made my way over there.
"You guys ready for this." One of them said.
"Yeah, since like 10 this morning."
Let's drop our shit, eat something, and get her. Sunset is at about six, and it's already 1:30.
They packed a small bag with their supplies.
They set out, with Beau taking the shoreline while Liam went into the tree line about 25ft, and Tyler was in another 25 feet. They began their search. I watched as they put what they had learned at BT into action. They were thorough and slow as they went through the terrain. Silently they made their way around back towards our site. They used hand signals to communicate. They looked around and continued in the direction Jackie and I had been in earlier. They were well aware of where I was, but they played along.
Liam made a signal, and the other two came in close. I couldn't hear them, but they had found something that made them move with more intent. They now knew they were on the right track.
I knew it wouldn't be long before they were on top of her...hehe, so I went to the place I chose for the best view. I left a few items there that I would need. I got comfortable and looked through the binoculars at the area Jackie was in. I couldn't see her, and I waited. About 5 minutes later, I saw Beau first as he patrolled the lake, and then I heard Tyler practically behind me. He knew I was there but just kept moving and searching.
I could see Liam approaching where Jackie was and making his way around the different boulders. He spotted the little nook we had found. I thought this was it. He stuck his head into where she should have been and came back out. Empty-handed. He looked around like he knew something was off. He started to have a better look. He walked past a large fallen tree, and with my binoculars, I could make out a figure hiding underneath where the tree was raised 1 metre. I guess she decided the spot we chose was too easy and moved. Something covered her body, but I couldn't make it out in the shadows. As Liam walked by the tree, he stopped, turned around and walked within 3 metres of where she was.
"I see you, Major. Come on out of there." He said in a quiet voice.
The others had passed his position by about 20 metres.
Jackie jumped out and made a run for it. She headed towards the clearing where Tyler had just past a minute earlier. Liam took off after her. Now I could see her. She was naked except for the tank top marked "FLAG," used to tie her hair back. I could see that she had covered herself in clay or mud. While it was still wet, she rolled around in the dry moss that carpeted the area and, for better coverage, did it again. The mud dried up and caked her taut body. She looked primal. Even her face and blonde hair were caked. She ran through the field. She didn't know how far back Liam was. She just kept running. He dived for her leg, caught her around the ankle, and she tumbled to the mossy ground. He came up on her chest, pinned her, holding her arms.
"You have something that belongs to me," Liam said.
As he took his flag from her hair, he unfolded it and looked at it, smiling. Jackie was still putting up a struggle under him.
"I have to give you cred, Major. You really went all out. I almost didn't see you."
The other two came into the clearing with a few words of disappointment that Liam had found her first. They slapped Liam on the back as they approached them and looked down at their prize. Beau had the phone in his hand and was filming.
"Who is that?" Asked Beau.
"She looks like a forest nymph." Said Tyler
"Yeah, one that needs a bath, and I know who can help you with that."
They agreed to pass the camera around as events unfolded. With little effort, Liam got off her and picked her up over his shoulder, I followed from a distance to the beach. They walked into the water to hip level. Liam set Jackie down in the water.
"Now, don't try to swim away."
They surrounded her and started washing her off with their hands copping handfuls of tit and ass as the mud melted off her body. Beau was paying particular attention to her crack from behind. She leaned back into Tyler's arms. She floated in front of him, and the mud clouded the water. They returned to the clearing, holding her by the arms while Liam led the way. The boys walked her over to the shade of a leaning tree. They picked up the bag, took the supplies and laid them neatly on a log. Jackie looked down to see what they had brought. She looked exhilarated, her fate in the hands of the three forest warriors. What were they going to do to her?
Jackie hadn't said a word since she had been captured. She was going to play the part out as long as she could. I moved in as close as possible without being seen by Jackie. I could see her looking around for any signs of me.
Liam took the cordage and threw it over the leaning tree. He then began tying her wrists together. He raised her arms by pulling the other end and tied it to the ground. They poured the massage oil over her shoulders and began rubbing her down. They massaged her boobs, and her nipples became erect. They worked their way down her body, covering her, bringing their attention to her inner thighs and the heart-shaped tuft of hair on the front of her little pink box. Tyler put the camera down and started working her back towards her ass. There was a lot of talk and massaging going on from the boys. They were clearly enjoying this. Jackie looked defiant. Tyler found his way into her butt crack, massaged the oil up to her pink star, and massaged around it, almost pushing his finger in but holding off. Beau pulled out his army issue K Bar knife and inspected it. He walked over to Jackie and knelt in front of her. She looked down at him with little concern.
"Now, don't move, Major. I'm going to steal your heart."
That got everyone's attention. Beau brought the 6-inch blade to Jackie's pubic line and dragged the edge down. The knife was so sharp he got most of the heart-shaped tuft in one precision swipe. He continued with a couple more passes and finished off the edges.
"Now that's a smooth peach," Beau said, satisfied.
The others agreed. Beau put his mouth on it and kissed and slurped at it. They took advantage of her position and began grinding her slippery body between them. Beau rubbed himself against her tits while Tyler pushed himself against her hard from the back. Their cocks got hard, and the mood intensified.
"Hey guys, the Major has to have a consequence for getting caught. I think she needs a good spank."
Liam started to give her light smacks on her left. Beau took up the right. While Tyler squeezed her nipples and kissed her deep. She was letting out little whimpers as the spanking began to get harder and louder. This continued for a while, and her ass began to turn a bright pink where their hands had landed. They rubbed her ass, slipping in and out of the crack and rubbing the entrance. Tyler knelt in front of Jackie. He used his tongue like he was separating a segment from a tangerine, finding where her excited clit awaited his attention. He reached around to grab her cheeks and spread them wide.
The two boys began taking turns spanking close to her puckered opening. Jackie spread her legs further so he could better reach his tongue into her. She let out an essential moan. He was still spreading her cheeks apart as he latched on to her. She felt another tongue enter her from behind. Jackie closed her eyes. She didn't know which one of the boys it was and didn't really give a fuck as she stuck her ass out in the hopes that he could reach deeper. Both her nipples were being flicked hard, and her arms strained under her weight. They worked on her for another 5 minutes, and she was almost there.
"YES! Keep tonguing my ass. Umm... as deep as you can... fuck your tongue feels so good on my clit. Suck my nipples." Jackie urged.
They were working hard and were not going to let her down. With her arms above her head and legs apart, tongues hitting all the right places, Jackie began to grind up and down on their faces as she came. It was coming from deep inside her like a wave. She let it take her. When she was done, they let her down. She sat there breathless on the moss and thanked them for their service.
"That was deep. Holy shit." She said.
"I'm hoping to say that today too," Tyler added.
They gathered their things and walked through the woods to their camp. Her wrists were still bound. They all joked around, ate, and drank beers, but the boys were beginning to show they were ready for round two.
"So what do you have planned next, boys? I need one of you to cram my box with your hard cock."
She looked at them with her sultry blues.
Jackie was taken to the picnic table, where two foam sleeping pads were placed. They had her sit on the bench, and they encircled her. She started to work on them, sucking and jerking them off. She put her hand around the base of Tyler's cock and put the other half in her mouth to suck out the pre cum she now had a taste for. It melted over her tongue, and she licked her lips and rubbed his head over them.
"Mmm. You taste so fucking good. I love the shape of your fucking banana."
Beau got between her and put two fingers in his mouth. He didn't need to. She was dripping as he slid them up into her.
She cooed as he moved them in and out, and her legs moved farther apart.
"Fuck, Major, your pussy is juicing. But I don't know if Tyler is going to fit."
"Guess you'll have to fuck me first and get me ready for him." She said in between cocks in her mouth.
He stood up and nudged Tyler out of the way. His dick popped out of her mouth. Beau pulled her to the end of the picnic table, and she freed her wrists from the rope. She put her arms behind her, sitting up. Beau parted her legs and moved in. The other two came to her side, each lifted a leg, and her pussy spread open, ready to receive his thick cock. She took it in her hand and guided him into her. They looked fervidly into each other's eyes. He began slowly pumping her tight snatch.
"Fuck, her pus is grabbing me and won't let go."
She laid back and felt fingers rubbing her button again and then a cock going into her mouth while hands explored her body.
I was 30 feet away, beside a tree and some bushes sitting cross-legged, watching my girlfriend getting fucked by three young studs. I released my cock and began to stroke. I knew seeing them together would make me horny, but I didn't know how much or all the other feelings I was now experiencing. Apprehension, jealousy, lust. Watching her expressions. Knowing I let this happen. It felt wrong and right at the same time. I had some anxiety that was adding to all that I was feeling. But...
Jackie was still lying back with Tyler pumping her mouth, and she felt Beau's cock go in deep. I wondered if she was thinking about the variety of penis she would have inside her today. He gyrated his hips and thrust into her deeply. Eventually, he moved her back and got on top. He fucked her like that for a while. She held his hips and kneaded his butt to steady his wild bucking. He pulled out and went on his knees, looking down at her. She knew that look and quickly took him in her hands. She stroked him attentively, and Beau started to pop his hot mess. The first surge rained down on her from her chin to her belly button.
"Oh Yeah, let it out, come on!"
He let out a deep sigh and continued. He had jizz running down his shaft, and Jackie used it to beat him off the rest of the way. He let out another round on her right tit.
Ummm.. look at the mess you made all over me."
She took her hand, slid it up to her breasts, and rubbed them, making them glisten. She wiped off her chin with her finger and sucked on it.
" OK, I'm ready for your big cock now." She said to Tyler.
He was ready for her. He laid down on the table, and she stood over him, feet straddling his hips with her ass facing him. She lowered herself onto the first 3 inches of his cock, with her hands on his chest for support. She took another 2 inches of his throbbing banana.
" Oh fuck...Oh my, uhhmgh. It's so big."
Jackie let herself relax, and Tyler's dick disappeared inside the folds of Jackie's juicy peach. I could see his last two inches going into her until her lips sat triumphantly at the base of his dick. She stayed there for a bit. He was willing to wait. Slowly she started to grind him. She went onto her knees and slowly let him slide in and out. The others grabbed her tits and squeezed them hard as she continued to try and overcome the fleshy banana that was in her cunt.
Liam sat down and watched the action waiting for his turn to enter her. Beau squeezed some lube onto his fingers and began spreading it all over her ass to prepare it for Liam.
"My pussy is so wet. Take me. I fuckin' love the way your dick peels my lips out."
They fucked fast and steady for the next 5 minutes.
"Holy fuck, I can't believe you're stuffing it all the way in. That's the biggest dick I've ever had."
She stopped and sat fully on him again as she felt Beau at the entrance of her back door with his finger putting more and more pressure on it. She turned her head to look at him with a horny hungry expression. With that, he put her ring around his finger, and it gripped him. She exhaled passionately, and she flushed.
"Oh fuck, your ass feels good."
Tyler was still spreading her open. Beau began sliding his finger into her as they looked into each other's eyes with lust, grinding on each other. Beau kept his hand steady while she started her rhythmic thrust. She was really getting into it now. I was in awe at what I was seeing. I jerked off faster.
"Can you feel his dick sliding in me?" She kept saying over and over.
Liam returned and handled her roughly as they opened their mouths and sucked at each other's tongues. He squeezed and worked at her sticky tits. Jackie bounced fiercely on the cock in her pussy and the finger in her ass. Tyler pushed her forward, his cock squeezed out of her. He went behind her and began fucking her again. Grabbing her hips, he fucked her fast and hard with half his length, surprising her with a little more now and then. He pulled it all the way out before sliding it back in repeatedly.
"Mmmm., I feel your dick throbbing in me... are you going to cum for me. I want your cum. I want...."
Tyler moaned and slowed down his rhythmic beat and swelled inside her.
"Holy Fuck, I feel it swelling in me. Don't stop. Fuck me, Oh my God, Fuck it!"
He let go inside Jackie and kept pumping her while she spurred him on.
Tyler pulled himself from Jackie's inundated snatch. With cum dripping from her, she stood and went for a pee, leaving a wet spot of their juices on the table.
The boys were talking when she got back.
"I need a minute. I'm going to go jump in and rinse off."
They went with her and played in the water for a while. The sun was out, and the three boys lay on the rocks admiring the naked nymph.
When they reached the campsite, Liam went to her to claim his prize. He stood before her with his slender cock, and she pulled on it before beginning to suck him off. Liam had the flag/shirt in his hand. As Jackie watched, he wrapped it around his upper bicep.
"So Jackie...this is an All Access Back Stage Pass," Liam said, smiling while he tied it off.
Tyler was already filming, knowing what was coming.
She looked a bit uncertain as she realized what he meant. Jackie wondered if the boys would try to get in her ass. She was probably contemplating it while Beau's finger was 2 knuckles deep in her. Now she knew her ass was Liam's reward for her capture.
"You want to go backstage, huh. Have you ever done that before?"
"No, but I'd really like you to give me a shot?" He said with anticipation.
"OK. I'll give you a shot. But take it easy at first. Don't just jab it in there and start pounding, young man. Hold back until I'm ready, yeah?"
Liam nodded and stood back. Again Jackie went to the table to give herself to another boy, another cock. Jackie had one foot on the ground and her other on the bench seat. Her hands were on the table in front of her. The other boys turned their chairs around and waited. Liam took the lube and squirted it at the top of her crease. It spilt down between her cheeks. He began spreading it around the place of interest. She spread her legs further apart, letting them enjoy the view while she enjoyed the attention her ass was receiving. She worked her fingers around her clit. Liam put his index finger on her pink spot and circled, applying pressure. He could feel her relax, and he slid into her. He moved his finger in and out as she made sounds of approval. He slipped in more, excited by how her ring tightened and relaxed around him. He decided she was ready and fingered her while kneading her firm cheeks. She laid her torso on the table. Tyler got up and held the phone in front of them.
"OK, Major, tell your boyfriend what's about to happen to you."
Jackie looked into the phone. Most likely wondering where I could be, how I could give her to them and walk away, and what I was doing as she was about to let a stranger's cock fuck her ass.
"Oh hey babe, I hope you don't mind, but Liam is about to give my ass a fuck. Too bad you're not here to see it slide in. You are the only other person I've let do it. But I need it, babe. I really need him to be inside of me. I hope you understand. He has such a nice slender, hard cock. I'm glad Liam is the one who caught me. I just finished fucking Beau and Tyler. Their cocks were so big in me, I don't think they would have fit."
Liam began sliding his cock up and down her crack rubbing her anus. She pushed back onto him while looking into the phone lustfully. He kept this up as she rubbed her clit.
"Put it in me, Liam. I'm ready. Put it in my ass." Jackie said this while looking towards the bushes where I was sitting, rubbing my dick. I couldn't tell if she had seen me.
He pressed his cock against her opening.
"Last chance to use your safe word." Liam said. He slipped through. He moved his lubricated head in and out of her. Tyler was filming the penetration with the phone.
"Oh yeah, that's it, Liam, just a bit at a time."
He pushed through a little more and fucked Jackie slowly.
"Oh yes, Liam. You're fucking my ass perfectly." Jackie said with excitement.
He just wanted to plunge in and fuck her hard but resisted. She encouraged him to go further.
"Oh, Liam, that's it. All the way, I want it all."
He was in her ass up to his balls now. He looked down, proud of himself. She wiggled around on him while he held still. Tyler got up front with the phone.
"Tell your boyfriend what's happening now."
"Hey babe, Tyler has his dick in my ass. This was your plan. This is what you wanted, right?"
Liam slid out and in easily now and picked up the pace. Both of them seemed to be concentrating on the task at hand. The sound of his body slapping against her butt each time he entered her.
"Fuck yes. Fuck my ass. I feel your balls banging on my pussy. Love your dick inside of me. Keep going. Ummm."
"Are you getting what you wanted?" Tyler asked her.
She looked at him, filming her.
"I want another cock in me. I want to know what two dicks feel like. Beau, can you? Can you do that for me?"
Liam sat on the edge of the table, and she backed up towards him until she felt his dick pop back inside of her butt. He spread her ass cheeks and rubbed them. Beau put more lube on as Liam pulled back and forth on her hips. Liam took his hand under her knee and lifted her weight. His other hand supported her other leg, and she was sitting on his lap, her pussy spread open, his dick in her. Beau moved in and ate her out as she squealed and pulled his face closer. Liam started moving her with his strong arms up and down. She laid back into his chest and took it. Jackie had never had this sensation before and was clearly enjoying it.
"I want your cock in me now. I really need to get double fucked. I can't wait any longer, boys."
Beau stood and rubbed his head on her clit and rubbed at the opening.
"Are you sure this is what you want, Major?"
"Fuck me now."
Beau pushed in, but there was less room with the cock in her ass. She began encouraging them with words and sounds. He was thrusting into her pussy and squeezing her nipples as Liam held her open. Soon they had a rhythm going, and she was being lifted up off of the cocks at the same time and then being lowered down, letting them back in. She rubbed at the girl in the pink canoe.
"Oh God, that feels good. That feels so fucking good. Fuck me harder. I'm going to come!"
The boys knew they were rubbing their cocks together but didn't care. She shuddered to deep orgasm. Her box and ass began to contract and release as she finished. The boys were not finished.
"OK, I need you to come for me. I want to feel you cumming in me at the same time."
Liam and Beau looked at each other and nodded as they bucked away at her. Liam was still holding her legs as Beau began to lose it first, then Liam started.
"Oh Yeah!! I feel you squirting inside me, you dirty boys. Fuck my ass and pussy."
I couldn't hold back and sprayed the bushes I was crouched behind. They finished and stayed in her for a few moments. All of them spent and breathing hard. Beau pulled out of her juiced box, and cum leaked from her onto Liam's cock. Liam slipped, out and she stood up on weak knees.
The four of them went down to the lake and washed off. I went back to the campsite and waited for them to return.
I heard them coming down the trail, and Jackie was in front. She was still naked and looking satisfied.
"So, did you bring her back in one piece?" I asked.
"Yeah, but I don't think we left anything for you," Tyler said.
"I had two dicks in me at the same time. It felt so good. You did say they could have my ass didn't you?"
"I thought you might like that. By the look on your face, I'd say I was right."
"Oh, you were right. They fucked me so good, Justin. I wish you were there to see it." Jackie said with a wink.
Tyler handed back my phone. We had a couple of drinks around the fire, and Jackie took turns in the boy's lap as they fondled and kissed her. We wrapped it up for the evening. The boys got ready to go.
"Oh, I almost forgot to return your shirt," Liam said.
"Why don't you keep that as a trophy," Jackie told him.
"I'd like that, thanks, and thanks for letting me take your girlfriend's ass."
"No problem. I'm glad you enjoyed it."
After they left, she told me how hot it was having three guys.
"I also got really turned on when I saw you in the bushes watching me getting fucked.
"I was so turned on when you said you wanted to be double fucked. Watching you getting ravaged put me over the top."
We made it back in under 2 hours, returned our canoe and headed up to the parking lot to get our car. We saw the boys pulling their canoe from the lake.
"Thought you guys were long gone," Tyler said.
Jackie embraced them with a hug and deep kiss. This went on for a couple minutes. They tried to talk her into getting into their truck for one last session. She declined. It was getting late, and we had a long drive home. Jackie said they could take turns in the back seat with her while I drove. They were definitely interested. I adjusted my review mirror and watched her suck Beau first. Then we pulled over, and Liam jumped in for his blow job. An hour later, we stopped for lunch, and Tyler got on board. He sat in the middle of the back seat. Jackie reclined the passenger seat, so I could watch them going at each other. She sat on his cock for the last time. By the time they finished, the car had the smell of sex. We exchanged emails, and Tyler asked me if I would send them some of the videos they had taken. I told him I would think about it. With that, we all took our leave.
Afterword:
We got back to the city and slipped back into our routine. After a month, we decided to watch the video on the coming weekend. Jackie said she had a surprise for me that night. I cued up the video and sat on the couch. She stood in front of the monitor and began removing her clothes. She stood in front of me naked and turned. On her shoulder blade was a fresh tattoo of a mason jar with the lid half off. Four fireflies floated around inside the jar. Watching the video of her with the boy's made us want to plan the next escapade. It hasn't gathered any dust over the years. I sent the boys each a video of their highlights with Jackie (face blurred out).