"Okay, boys, I'm heading out now!" Aaron's mother, Lauren, called out as he and his father walked into the kitchen.
"I'll see you later, honey." Lauren said, kissing Aaron's father on the lips as she began to step out the door. Before she walked out she turned to Aaron: "And you, young man. You better not get into trouble while we're gone tonight. We might not come back until very late or early tomorrow morning."
"I know, I know, mom." Aaron started, "I'll just be here handing out candy. My plans got canceled at the last minute anyway. By the way, where were you guys going again?" he said, mostly out of boredom as opposed to actually caring.
"We'll be at Nicole's, she's hosting a party with a bunch of people you may or may not know. Nothing you need to worry about, I guess." Lauren said flatly. "Now goodbye, sweetie. I'll see you tomorrow." With that she headed out the door.
Aaron's parents were going to a Halloween party at their friend's house, and his mother had left early to help get set up. They were apparently going her friend Nicole's from work, and Aaron's head immediately shot to images of Nicole who came over almost every week and he knew pretty well. His mom's friend was an absolute bombshell. She was in her 30s, but she was incredibly fit and she was one of the hottest women he'd ever met. She was average height but she had killer tits and an ass to die for. He'd imagined fucking her many times over the course of their acquaintance, and every time he met her she winked at him, seemingly knowing something he didn't.
Aaron walked upstairs to his room, trying to picture what slutty costume she'd be wearing for Halloween, dreaming about one day being able to hit that. She was married, though. "Too bad," he thought to himself. He was set for a pretty boring day, and reserved himself to messing around in his room, when after a few hours, he heard the phone ring.
He walked out of his room to get the phone, when the ringing stopped. Aaron stepped down the stairs and saw his father had answered it. He overheard what he was saying.
"Are you sure you need me?" his father asked the voice on the phone, probably some work friend on the phone.
"Yeah, you're right. That's a pretty big account. We can't afford to have anything happen. I'll come down there tonight. Just let me get my things in order. I can be there in a few hours." He continued, replying to a voice he couldn't here. Apparently his father's work needed him for something. His father hung up the phone and turned around, seeing his son on the staircase.
"Aaron! There you are!" he said, walking toward him.
"What's up, dad?" Aaron asked, wondering what had happened.
"Oh, nothing. A client got cold feet and wants to be rewalked through everything. I have to go down to the property in Copperopolis. It's a few hours away. I probably won't be back until late tomorrow night."
"Oh shit, really? That sucks... What about your party with mom?" Aaron asked, wondering what he planned to do.
"Yeah, about that. I was gonna ask you if you'd go for me and tell your mother I couldn't come. I know she'll just wanna leave if she has to be there by herself, but I could tell she was looking forward to it. Would you mind going there for me and staying for a bit so she can enjoy herself? I know it's your mother's friends and it's kind of a drag, but you'd be doing me a huge favor." He explained.
Aaron didn't have anything going on, and he assumed he'd be able to get a look at his mother's friend Nicole in her skimpy Halloween outfit, so he figured why not? "Sure, dad. It's not like I'm doing anything tonight, and I don't want mom to miss out on something she's been waiting for. Do I need a costume or something, though?" he asked.
"Uh, yeah. Just wear the one I got. I haven't even worn it yet, and we're similar builds so it shouldn't matter. Thanks for doing this for me. Your mother will really appreciate it."
"No problem. When am I supposed to be there?"
"Try to get there by 6. I have to leave real soon, so I'll leave the rest to you. Here's the address. Have fun!" Aaron's father said, picking up his coat and briefcase, handing Aaron the address before heading out the door.
Aaron went to inspect the costume he was to wear, seeing that it was only a stupid batman thing with a mask. "No problem, I guess." He was excited to go; he'd been pretty bored all day. Plus, he thought since he was doing his father a favor he'd be able to get away with some drinking. He was only 18 but his parents never seemed to care too much.
Aaron got ready for the party, putting on his costume and seeing what it looked like in the mirror. It fit him barely, he was a tad more muscular than his father, and it was pretty cheap. All in all, it was a fun suit, but the mask covered most of his head save for his mouth and eyes. You could hardly tell it was him.
Aaron himself was a strapping young man. He started for the basketball team in high school; they were an all-state caliber team that had won a few leagues. He was muscular from keeping up with the sport, and throughout high school he was taller than a lot of other players at 6'2". He had turned 18 a few months ago and was now in his first year of college, he played point guard in a D II college.
As he looked in the mirror, he briefly wondered what his mother would be wearing. His father had forgotten to tell him what costume she was going to be dressed in, and he thought he might be in trouble if she had a mask, like him. Aaron tried to ignore it, but it had not escaped his awareness that his mother was incredibly hot for her age. His friends always ribbed him about what a milf she was, and even he had to admit she looked great.
Aaron's mother, Lauren, was very petite, barely coming up to about 5'0", but curvy in all the right ways. She was already 35, but she looked like she was in her late twenties at her latest. She had a pear shaped figure with incredibly wide, sexy hips. She was a yoga instructor at a nearby studio, and as a result was incredibly lithe and fit. She had small, perky B-cup breasts that perfectly complimented her tiny figure, but what really stood out was her incredible ass. She had, even Aaron could see, as ashamed to admit it as he was, an absolutely phenomenal ass. It was perfectly round and bounced with her every step, making the most of her curvy, wide hips. He'd often accidentally find himself staring at her tight ass as she performed her morning yoga in the living room. Even as a mother in her mid 30s, Aaron's mother was a knockout.
Realizing he'd have no way to know in advance, Aaron decided he'd find his mother at the party and figure out what to do there. He drove to the house and got out of the car, hearing the music blaring even from the outside. He walked up the porch, opening the door and stepping inside.
Aaron looked around as he entered, realizing he probably knew absolutely no one at the entire party. The house was packed, and he could recognize no one that was unmasked. The other half of the people had some sort of mask on and he couldn't tell who they were even if he did actually know him.
He pushed through a crowd of people before spotting an incredibly hot woman walking towards him in a very revealing Pocahontas costume. He looked the woman's body up and down, enjoying the eye candy. The costume hardly covered her up, revealing much of her toned legs and hugging her lithe frame perfectly. It was a two piece costume, and the top showed off her perky but small breasts, emphasizing them with its tightness. The bottom was a loose skirt with a slit in it, revealing most of her thigh and only covering up to just below her ass. Finally, he looked up at her face to see who it was, and realized it was his mother!
Aaron was shocked at what she was wearing, and even more so that he had been checking her out, before he was interrupted as she eventually reached him.
"Hey baby!" his mother said, reaching her arms over his neck and pulling his head down towards hers. Aaron momentarily smelt alcohol and wondered what she was doing. His question was soon answered. She pressed her soft, full lips against his, melting in his mouth. She pushed her tongue inside his mouth, meeting his, before he could fully react to what was happening. He was making out with his mother!
His mother continued to passionately press her lips to his, before Aaron broke the kiss abruptly, to her confusion. "What the hell, mom?" he said, realizing she had no way of knowing his father wasn't coming.
"What the fuck? Aaron? Why didn't you tell me it was you before we started kissing? Why the hell are you even here, and in your father's costume?" she asked, seemingly mad.
"Dad got called for a work thing, he told me to come here and make sure you wouldn't leave on account of him. He wanted to enjoy yourself. I was GOING to tell you before you started mauling me with your tongue! What was that about?" Aaron asked, still surprised and, at this point, slightly aroused.
"Oh shit." Lauren said, realizing what she'd done. "Sorry about that, baby. I didn't know it was you. I'm gonna be honest, I've had a bit to drink."
"I can tell." Aaron said bluntly.
"Anyway, Aaron you really shouldn't be here. This is more of an adult party-" His mother was cut off by none other than her friend Nicole.
"Lauren! I can see your husband, Rick, has finally arrived. A little naughty to be kissing him like that in front of everyone!" she teased.
"Shit" Aaron thought to himself. She'd just seen his mother kiss him and thought he was his father now. He'd just planned on introducing himself. He hadn't thought that they might think he was his father.
"Uhh, yeah. Sorry about that. I guess I am a little naughty." Aaron's mother blurted out, lying to save herself the embarrassment of revealing she'd just kissed her son.
"Well, you two, come over here and get some drinks!" Nicole said, turning around and motioning towards the bar. Aaron instinctively looked down at his mother's friend, who was, ironically, wearing a catwoman costume. It was skin tight and really put her amazing ass and tits on display. He could see no visible panty lines and assumed, then, she wasn't wearing any. He could feel his cock start to stir in his pants, being tantalized by this view of her gorgeous body. She walked towards the bar, Aaron staring at her ass as her hips swayed back and forth.
"Aaron!" his mother said abruptly, snapping him out of his hypnosis.
"Shit, mom!" he said, remembering what had just happened. "What are we gonna do? They think I'm dad."
"Well, I really don't want to explain why I was kissing my own son like that, so I think you're just gonna have to tough it out." She explained.
"What do you mean?" Aaron said, puzzled.
"Tonight you're gonna have to act as your father. I don't want them thinking I'm some weirdo for making out with my son, even if it was on accident. Don't worry, we won't have any more of that."
"Fine," Aaron said, realizing that was probably the best option. "But I'm gonna go get a drink, then."
"I'll let you drink tonight, because of what's happening, but you better not drink too much!" his mother said, nagging him like a typical mother would.
"I should say the same to you!" Aaron said, walking off in the direction of the bar.
Aaron had a few drinks, enjoying the party, all the while mostly staying with his mom. They kept it clean and simple, dancing innocently, making sure to keep up appearances. As they drank more and more, probably too much, Aaron started to notice his mother once again.
Her costume really didn't leave much to the imagination. It showed off her wide hips and basically half of her ass, especially when she moved around a lot. He tried not to stare, but as the night went on he became more and more transfixed by his mother's hot body. He caught himself several times ogling her tits and admiring her ass when she turned around or bent over. His mother could feel it too, as they could both sense a small amount of tension building up between them. It was sexual tension, and it had started with the kiss.
They continued dancing throughout the night, getting closer to one another the more they drank. Eventually, without realizing, Aaron had gotten pretty brave with his mother. His placed his hands on either side of her hips as she turned away from him, dancing to the fast music. She shook her hips to the beat, drawing closer and closer to her son. As the room got more crowded, she realized her ass was pressed against her son's crotch, and she was grinding against him.
As his mother accidently pressed her round ass into Aaron's member, he began to get extremely aroused. His cock hardened as he ran his hands over the sides of her hips. They lost themselves in the haze before they were both tapped on the shoulder from the side.
"Lauren, let's go upstairs! I want to show you something!" It was Nicole again, they noticed, and she was motioning for them to follow her. They stopped dancing and passed through the crowd towards the staircase. Nicole led them up, them both wondering what she wanted. She led them into a room that had three other couples in it, all friends of Aaron's mother.
The 3 other couples sitting on the floor in a circle; the men were all wearing some sort of masked costume (not that he'd recognize them if they weren't, anyway). The ladies sat next to them, each in a Halloween costume of their own, all three pretty scantily clad. Aaron couldn't help but notice that all the women were incredibly hot, even for ladies in their mid to late 30s.
"Sorry for interrupting you guys" Nicole began, sitting down on the bed in the room, giving us a wink. "But I wanted to have a little private game with the 8 of us!"
"What's that?" Lauren asked, Aaron hoping it was nothing too serious.
"Well, it's couples truth or dare! A couple chooses truth or dare, and the other three groups choose one for them. They can either tell the truth or do the dare, or refuse and lose. Oh, and you only get to choose truth twice!" Nicole explained.
"Okay, but what's the point? If we don't want to do it we just refuse and lose, who cares?" Aaron's mother asked, wondering why they would want to play in the first place.
"Oh, I almost forgot!" Nicole said, excitedly. "The winner gets this!" she said, pulling out a Prada bag from behind her. Aaron didn't really know if it was special, but it certainly looked well-made and very stylish. The women, however, instantly lit up with excitement.
"Where did you get that?" they asked.
"Well, I work for a fashion magazine, as you all know, and I was gifted this by one of the designers. It's a collection piece, so it's pretty much priceless.. I thought I'd include it as the prize in our game to spice things up!"
Aaron could tell by the way she looked at it that his mother wanted the bag, and she wanted it really bad. Ever since he could remember she was totally into accessories, and she loved to shop. Evidently, it was also her favorite designer.
"So, what do you guys say?" Nicole said, asking everyone.
Simultaneously, the other three women, including Aaron's mother, said "We're in!"
Aaron looked at his mother, wondering what she was doing. What had she gotten them into?
"What are you doing, mom?" Aaron said, whispering to his mother.
"I really want that bag, plus this will probably be fun! Just relax and play along with me. I'm sure it won't be anything too bad."
"Okay, who wants to go first? How about you two?" Nicole said, motion towards Aaron and his mother.
"Okay, I guess," Aaron's mother said, cautiously. "I guess we'll take truth, just to start it off."
"Alright!" Nicole said excitedly. "Now let us come up with a question!" The three couples convened, the women giggling, the men obviously not that interested. They broke their huddle and Niccole spoke again.
"Here's your question. What's the craziest place you two have had sex?" she said with a grin on her face.
Aaron was absolutely shocked, not realizing the game would be about anything sexual. He immediately got uncomfortable talking about stuff like this in front of his mother. He turned towards her, seeing her blush bright red.
"Why are you asking me that? I'm not gonna answer! That's private!" she said, turning a bright shade of red.
"Come on, Lauren! This is the game! You chose truth, now do you want to answer or not!?"
Aaron's mother gulped, looking once again at the bag. Clearly she still wanted it.
"We've fucked against the open window in the front of our house before. Also, we do it on the kitchen counter pretty often, of course while our son is away." She said, to her son's complete amazement.
Aaron was shocked. Firstly he was surprised she answered the question. Secondly, he was amazed his parent had done anything so exhibitionist. He began to get aroused, picturing himself fucking her brains out on top of the kitchen counter. He shook his head, trying to get the image out of his head, cursing himself for thinking about something so taboo.
"Wow, naughty!" one of the other women spoke up. "I'm sure you two have a lot of fun!" she said, winking at Aaron.
The rest of the round went by, his mother now joining in on the little meetings, each couple choosing truth and being asked something of a similar sexual nature. All four of the couples continued to drink while playing, and they had all gotten noticeable drunker as the turns went around. Finally, it was their turn again, and Aaron and his mother talked for a bit before deciding which to choose: truth or dare.
"I don't really want to hear you talk about that, mom" Aaron said, frankly. He was too aroused at all the talk of sex, and he decided that wouldn't do him any favors.
"I agree," his mother started, "plus, we only have on truth left for the entire game. We should see what a dare is. If it's just something like a peck, we can handle it."
"We choose dare this time!" Lauren said, firmly.
"Oooh" Nicole said, smiling mischievously. The other couples convened again, this time really only the three women at all bothering to even lean in, before breaking once again.
"Okay. We dare you to take off your costume top and bottom, Lauren."
Aaron was shocked once again. Apparently they weren't trying to do anything light at all; they were gunning for the win.
"What!?" his mother quipped, blushing at the idea even being thrown out. "I can't do that! I'm not even wearing a bra underneath my top!" This immediately got Aaron's attention, as his eyes shot to his mother's perky breasts. He could clearly see her nipples poking through the fabric.
"Oh, don't be such a prude, Lauren! You want the bag, don't you? Do it, or forfeit."
Lauren bit her lip, looking back and forth between the bag and her son, deciding what to do. Finally, she made her decision, blushing as she slowly untied her top, letting her perky breasts fall against her chest. Aaron gasped as her breasts fell into view. She got up, sliding her skirt down her waist, leaving her completely naked save for her tiny, lace panties and the face paint on her cheeks.
The men immediately stared at Lauren's tits, obviously enjoying the view. Aaron blatantly ogled his mother's breasts, now completely hard under his suit. They were perfectly sized, big enough to be cupped but not too big for her frame. She had cute, perky nipples that just begged to be sucked on. Aaron's mouth watered at the thought of fucking his mother's tight ass from behind while he groped her tits. He could only view her with lust now.
Lauren sat down, blushing as she realized everyone was staring at her. Her panties hardly covered her round ass, and her legs and hips looked incredible as her scantily clad bottom pressed against the cold floor. Without any clothes on, her nipples started to harden, chilled by the air.
"Okay," she said, breaking the silence. "Who's next?" she asked, placing her hands over the front of her panties, covering where her pussy would be.
"It's our turn," one of the other women spoke up, apparently named Sofia. "But god, Lauren, your tits are so fucking perfect. It must be nice having small, perky ones like that." She said, grabbing her own breasts, which were much larger. Sofia was a Latina woman with large breasts and gorgeous, sunkissed skin. She had the Latina curves and wore a revealing witch costume.
The round continued, moving around to each couple. Nicole, to Aaron's delight, had also been dared to take her costume off, revealing her tight body. Unlike Aaron's mother, however, she was wearing a bra. It barely covered her large, creamy breasts as she unzipped the top part of her suit, sliding it down to her waist.
"Do I have to take the whole thing off?" she asked, hesitant.
"You made up the rules, hon." Aaron's mother said, frankly.
"Okay..." she said, slipping the rest of the skin tight suit over her ass and down her legs, stepping out of it. As she rolled it down, Aaron realized he had been right about her not wearing panties. She was wearing nothing underneath, and as she took off her costume she exposed her naked ass and lovely, shaved pussy to the entire group.
Aaron heard the other men gulp as she flashed her pussy to the other couples. Nicole, while hesitant at first, didn't seem to care that much about being naked. She sat down and crossed her legs, Aaron's eyes following her puffy pink pussy all the way down. He looked up, making eye contact with Nicole. She winked at him, catching him staring at her pussy.
"Naughty much, Nikki, going with no panties on?" the other woman spoke up. Aaron had learned she was a petite Filipino woman named Marinella. She had small breasts, but wore a slutty maid's outfit that complimented her darker skin and showed off her legs. She was wearing black thigh highs and the normal white apron that tied around her waist, showing off her figure. She was definitely very cute.
"Says the girl in the slutty maid outfit?" she said, laughing.
"Yeah, but at least I'm not flashing everyone! Anyway, it's our turn, we choose our last truth."
The women asked another intimate question, this time a tad more interesting. "Have you ever taken it up the ass?" they asked, giggling.
Marinella immediately blushed, looking away. "Yes, I have. Honestly, it felt really good."
"What?" the man behind her spoke up, probably her husband. They both wore wedding rings.
"Sorry baby, it was before we met. He had a really big cock and wanted to fuck my ass for his birthday. I agreed." She said back to him.
Aaron chuckled to myself, amused at the fact they had probably been married for several years and yet they didn't know that about each other.
"Maybe I'll let you do it sometime." Marinella added, kissing him.
After everyone finished going, it was Aaron's and his mother's turn again. As they asked truth or dare, Aaron immediately blurted out dare, not waiting for his mother to ask or respond.
"Okay. We dare you to get to 2nd base. Make out with Lauren and suck on her tits." Nicole answered, smiling.
Lauren's eyes went wide. "What is this, high school? Daring me to go to 2nd base?" Lauren said, concerned. Aaron tried to hide it, but he was secretly happy.
"Yup. That's your dare. Do it or not." Marinella said, speaking up and giggling a bit.
Aaron leaned to his mother's ear, whispering softly. "It's fine mom," he started, to his mother's surprise. "I know you really want that purse, this will only take a few minutes. It's no big deal, it's not like I haven't done that before." He said, getting braver.
She was still in shock, but spoke back. "Yeah, but you were a baby then. It's inappropriate. You're my son!" she looked over at the Prada bag, admiring it again. "I do really want that purse, though" she added. "Fine, but try to make it quick." Lauren said, against her better judgement. She'd drank far too much as is, and that allowed her to relax, perhaps too much.
"Okay, We'll do it." She said to the group, turning to Aaron.
"Oooh, this should be fun!" Nicole cooed.
Aaron faced his mother, and brought his hand around her waist, pulling her closer to him. He hesitated for a second, before his mother took the initiative. She planted her lips firmly to his, hoping to get it over quick. As their lips touched, her brief intentions scattered away. They both felt electricity as they kissed, and Lauren, drunk as she was, melted into her son's mouth.
As Aaron kissed his mother, he was overtaken in the lust of the moment. He placed one hand on his mother's ass and leaned her on the floor, cupping her breast with his other. He pushed his tongue into her mouth, lightly teasing hers. She moaned into his mouth as his rough hands caressed her hard nipple, and she felt herself getting wet. Ignoring everything, she placed her hands on the back of Aaron's head, and broke the kiss, pushing him down towards her chest.
Taking the hint, Aaron moved his head down towards her breast, admiring them from close. He took one of her perky nipples into his mouth, groping the other with his hand. Lauren arched her back from the sudden wetness on her hard nipple, driving her breast further into her son's mouth. Aaron sucked on his mother's firm, perky breasts as he had done once as a baby, flicking her nipple with his tongue.
Aaron, forgetting where he was, slowly reached down to touch her pussy. He lightly ran his finger over her slit, feeling the wetness through her panties.
"Oh, fuck!" his mother gasped out, in a whisper. She started to grind her pussy against her son's fingers, his mouth and hands still massaging her lovely tits, when she was interrupted by the group.
"Holy shit you guys!" Marinella said, breaking the silence. Aaron and his mother immediately realized where they were, groping each other in front of Lauren's friends. They had been too into it to even say anything before Marinella had spoken up.
Aaron withdrew his mouth from his mother's nipple, her areola now glistening from his saliva. He got off of his mother, looking up at the group. Marinella was bright red, even though she hadn't even been the one doing anything. Aaron then eyed Nicole, realizing her hand was in between her legs. Her pussy was puffier than before. She had just been masturbating!
"Jeez, guys! Get a room!" Sofia now said out loud, chuckling.
Lauren blushed deeper than she had before, embarrassed that she had been paying so little attention. Her hands moved once again to her lap, covering the front of her panties. She tried to hide it, but her panties were now absolutely soaked with her juices. Her son had just been openly rubbing her wet slit, and now she was hornier than ever. Even more so, she was turned on by the fact they had done it while her friends watched. The thought of being touched by her own son in front of her unknowing friends drove her crazy.
"Well, now" Nicole said, removing her hand from between her legs and giving Aaron a slight grin. "I guess you fulfilled your dare!"
It was then Sofia and her husband Ben's turn. They chose dare, opting to keep their last truth. The women convened again, and once again chose something naughty.
"Give Ben a striptease/lapdance, and make it good. You have strip all the way naked."
"I don't know about this, Sofia." Ben started, not wanting everyone to see his wife completely naked.
"It's fine, baby. Don't worry." She said, reassuring him.
She led him to a chair and gave him a fantastic lap dance, slowly stripping away the slutty witch dress she had been wearing and sensually grinding herself in his lap. She grabbed his hands and placed them on her body as she removed her both her panties and bra, revealing her large, tanned breasts and huge ass. The men, including Aaron, ogled Sofia's body as she performed the dare, looking at her with lust in their eyes. She finished the lap dance, staying naked, and sitting on the floor. Her large, firm breasts sat out in the open as she once again faced everyone. Ben stood up from the chair, a noticeable erection in his pants. The women giggled at the sight, and then moved on to Nicole and her husband's turn.
This time, the women got bold. Aaron noticed them giggling abnormally, after Nicole chose to do a dare once again. They broke their huddle and gave the dare. "Nicole, you have to suck on Sofia's tits." Lauren said with a sly grin.
"What?" she exclaimed. "Surely you can't be fine with this, Sofia?"
"I'm game," she said, giggling. "I love getting my tits sucked," she said, eyeing Ben.
Both of their husbands gulped, and Aaron could tell they wanted to object but were too excited to pass up the opportunity.
"Fine." Nicole said, to Aaron's surprise. He was shocked, but definitely looked forward to watching these two incredibly sexy women get to 2nd base.
"You ready?" Nicole said, nearing Sofia.
"All yours!" Sofia replied.
Taking command, Nicole pushed Sofia onto her back. Slowly, she put one of her legs in between Sofia's and gently lowered her mouth towards Sofia's large, perky breasts. Sofia moaned slightly as Nicole flicked her nipple with her tongue before taking her entire areola into her mouth. With her other hand she massaged Sofia's other breast. As Nicole continued to suck on Sofia's large, tanned breast, she pinched her nipple with her other hand, causing Sofia to arch her back. Nicole then released Sofia's nipple, hardened from the cold, and groped her body with both of her hands. She moved her head back up to just above Sofia's, and pressed her lips against hers. As their tongues touched Sofia moaned into Nicole's mouth and moved her hand to unclasp Nicole's bra, revealing her milky, white tits. They continued to kiss as Sofia moved her hands, cupping Nicole's bare breasts.
Aaron gasped as Nicole's breasts fell into view. They were breathtaking. They were firm and perky, slightly bigger than his mother's. They jostled up and down with her every move, hypnotizing him. Aaron stared in awe as two beautiful women made out right in front of him. His cock further hardened as he watched them massage each other's breasts and swirl their tongues in each other's mouths.
Finishing their kiss, Nicole pulled up from Sofia's lips. As she pulled off of her, she bit her lip and smiled seductively at Sofia. "You're a good kisser, Sophie," she said, calling her by a cutesy nickname.
"You too, hun" Sofia said, sitting back up, turning to the group. "I guess she finished her dare just fine!" she said, giggling.
The men's jaws were still on the floor, stunned by what had happened. As they tried to recover, Nicole changed the subject.
"Okay, Marinella. It's your guys' turn now!" Nicole said, her breathing still heavy from her arousal. "You only have dares left, right?"
"Oh, nuh uh." Marinella said, turning a shade of red Aaron had never even seen before. "I'm not doing anything like that! I'm too embarrassed! We're out!" she said, looking away.
Her husband looked relieved yet slightly disappointed that they wouldn't be doing anything, but accepted the decision.
"You sure, Nella?" Aaron's mother spoke in.
"Yeah. We're gonna stay and watch still, of course." Marinella added.
"What a naughty slut!" Nicole said, laughing.
"Whatever!" Marinella said, embarrassed. "It's Lauren and Rick's turn now, right?" she added, referring to Aaron as his father.
"I guess so," Nicole said, agreeing. "Truth or dare?"
Aaron's mother turned to him, whispering to decide what they wanted to do. "I think we should do one more dare, before it gets too serious, so we can keep our truth for a last round if we need it. We'll try to get them out after our turn with something crazy."
Aaron just nodded in agreement, too horny to really focus on anything.
"We choose dare again." Lauren said.
"Okay," Nicole said, this time not even attempting to decide the dare with the rest of the group. "Give your husband a blow job, right here in front of us."
Aaron's jaw dropped. He hadn't expected it to ever go this far, and while his cock stirred at the thought of getting his cock sucked by his mother, he fully expected her to turn it down.
"You can't be serious, Nicole! That's too far. The other stuff was borderline already, but this is basically like having sex in front of you guys! You can't expect us to accept that!"
"Well, that's the dare, sweetie." Nicole said, teasing her. "If you want to win, that's what you have to do."
Lauren looked to the other two women for support. They had none.
"Sorry, babe, but no objections here." Sofia said as she made eye contact with Aaron's mother. "This is too exciting!"
Marinella was too embarrassed to even be talking about it to acknowledge Lauren looking at her.
Aaron's mom turned towards him, lost in thought. Aaron, in the middle of this all, tried to discuss it with his mother.
"It's fine, mom" he started, whispering to her as she drew closer. "This has gone far enough already. There's no need to do the dare."
"You're right, baby. It's fine." She replied. Aaron took a deep breath of relief. "Just let me do all the work." She added.
Aaron's eyes shot wide as he felt his mother grab his member through his suit. She actually planned to give her son a blow job!
"Holy shit, she's gonna do it." Marinella said, her eyes glued to what was transpiring.
Slowly, Lauren unbuckled the fake utility belt Aaron was wearing, and pulled down the bottom of his costume, revealing his boxers. There was a large tent in his pants, with stains of precum all over the underwear. Aaron went to protest one last time as Lauren attempted to pull them down, but she gave him a threatening glare, causing him to back down. He couldn't believe his own mother was about to give him a blow job!
Aaron's mother pulled down his boxers in one move, causing his large cock to spring out. Aaron immediately became aware that everyone in the room could see his manhood. The women gasped as it escaped his boxers, and Aaron's mother, eyes wide, instinctively licked her lips.
"Holy shit, Rick." Sofia blurted out. "Jesus, that thing is huge."
"I can see why you married him, Laurie" Nicole said nonchalantly, in front of her own husband. She blatantly stared at Aaron's cock, and he saw her subtly move her hand between her legs. "That thing's like half as big as you!" she added, referencing his mother's petite body.
Lauren ignored them, focusing on the task at hand. She'd never seen such a big cock in her life, and strangely felt proud that she had made such a thing. At the same time, she felt herself get wet at the thought of tasting it. Slowly, she brought her lips to Aaron's cockhead, and in one move engulfed the tip in her mouth.
Aaron moaned as he felt his mother's mouth envelop his cock, her tongue swirling around its tip. Aaron watched as Lauren slowly moved her lips down the length of his shaft, attempting to take it all at once. Unbeknownst to Aaron, his mother was exceptionally gifted at giving head, and she also really liked doing it too.
Lauren continued to slide her luscious, red lips down her son's massive girth. She stopped, taking in as much as she could, and found herself unable to reach the bottom third of his manhood. Aaron moaned at the sight of his mother's gorgeous, soft lips running over his cock. Seeing his mother, dressed up with her Pocahontas headband and light facepaint, almost choking on his massive cock made him harder than he'd ever been before, and he did everything he could to not cum right there.
Realizing she couldn't reach the base of his cock, Lauren took her free hands and placed it around the base of her son's cock, using her other to cradle his large testicles. As her mouth and through adjusted to his size, she began to pump the bottom part of his cock with her dainty hand, unable to even completely wrap her hand around it. She worked his cock with one hand, massaging his balls with the other as she slowly started to move her lips up and down his shaft. She began to pick up the pace as she got more and more used to his size, running her small mouth up and down the length of his enormous cock.
Aaron watched in pure delight as his mother's lips bobbed up and down over his cock. He noticed her small, perky tits bouncing up and down each time she moved her lips down the length of his member and pumped her hand. It was by far the best head he'd ever been given, and it drove him even crazier that he was being blown by his own mother.
Lauren continued to move her lips up and down her son's enormous manhood, enjoying the taste of such a young, large cock in her mouth. She pumped his shaft over and over, feeling herself getting wetter as she pleasured her son in front of her close friends. Her tongue expertly worked his cockhead before Lauren felt her son begin to tense up. Realizing he was close to cumming, she picked up her pace even more, wrapping her lips tight around his massive girth and engulfing as much of his length as she could, to the point of almost choking.
Aaron could no longer handle his mother's expert work, and knew he was close to finishing. "Holy shit, mo-" he started, cutting himself off, realizing he needed to call his mother by her actual name. " Oh Fuck, Lauren. I'm about to cum, babe!" he said, attempting to act like her husband.
Aaron's mother continued to work in overdrive before he couldn't take it any more. "Fuck!" Aaron moaned, feeling his balls tighten as he began to release inside his mother's mouth. Ropes and ropes of his cum shot down his mother's throat as Aaron felt his balls empty into his mother's mouth.
Lauren was expecting to swallow his cum, but she wasn't prepared for how much he actually came. What seemed like buckets of cum shot out of his enormous cock, filling her mouth to the brim. She swallowed her son's load, but his cock continued to pump out more of his potent seed.
Finally, Aaron began to settle down as he pumped the last of his cum deep inside his mother's mouth. He groaned at the sight of his mother attempting to finish swallowing his load, a small amount of his cum dripping down her chin and landing on her perky breast. As he finished, she continued to lick the head of his cock, cleaning it entirely of his cum. She swallowed the rest of his load and slowly withdrew her mouth from Aaron's cock. She looked down at the cum that had fallen onto her breast before gathering it on her finger and licking it off.
Aaron looked at his gorgeous mother, her left breast and chin still dripping with his cum. As he recovered, his mother looked up at him and smiled seductively, giving him a little shrug. Aaron pulled his boxers back up over his semi-flaccid cock.
Immediately, they both once again realized where they were: right in front of three other couples. Aaron's mother, attempting to tidy herself, took her nearby top and wiped the cum off of her face and body. She sat down on her son's lap and gave him a peck on the lips, shortly after having just had her own around his cock. Lauren's panties were completely soaked at this point; she was as horny as she could ever remember, especially after performing such a naughty, taboo act in front of other people. Aaron could feel her wetness in his lap and knew his mother was incredibly aroused.
"Jesus Christ that was hot." Marinella spoke, apparently too transfixed to be embarrassed further.
"We have to get out of here." Sofia said suddenly, speaking to her husband Ben. She stood up, grabbing his hand and pulling him up. He had a noticeable erection.
"What are you doing, babe?" he said, obviously confused.
"We have to go, now." Sofia said, bring her mouth close to his ear and whispering something. His eyes went wide for a moment as Sofia cracked a smile. She gathered the pieces of her costume and started putting them on, forgetting in the moment about her bra and panties.
"Okay, guys. We're leaving. Have fun!" she said, moving to the door.
Marinella spoke up: "Wait! Don't you want the purse?"
They opened the door, still continuing to leave. "No thanks, girls. You guys can keep it! Bye!" she said, smiling at us as her husband pulled her out the door, slamming it in the process.
"Oh god" Marinella said, realizing what Sofia went off to do.
Lauren spoke up now, speaking to Nicole. "Okay, Nikki. I completed my dare. Now it's your turn. Truth or dare?"
Aaron looked at Nicole as she snapped out of her silent haze. Aaron looked down between her legs and saw her finger firmly pleasuring her naked pussy. She removed it as she realized what was happening.
"Such a little horny slut." Aaron's mother spoke up, teasing Nicole like she had been doing to them all night. So which is it gonna be?"
"Dare!" Nicole said, blurting it out without speaking to her husband. He briefly tried to protest before Lauren interrupted him.
"Okay," Lauren said. "Let him fuck you in the ass." She said, motioning towards Nicole's husband.
"What?" her husband shouted, speaking up for the first time since the game started. He'd really only been watching until now.
"Okay, honey." Nicole said, getting up. She walked over to the nearby bed and laid herself over it, exposing both her tight holes to the remaining members of the group. "Let's go, baby. Fuck my tight little ass." She said, about as nonchalantly as you possibly could.
To Aaron and Lauren's surprise, Nicole's husband spoke up again. "Woah, Nicole. There's no way I'm doing that in front of everybody. That's too crazy, even for us!"
"What baby? You're joking right? Come on, fuck me! I know you've wanted to do anal for like ever!" she said, clearly getting impatient and obviously horny. She waved her round ass back and forth, continuing to flash everybody with her pink, puffy pussy and waiting asshole.
"No, Nikki. Sorry. I'm not doing this." He said, turning to Aaron and his mother, revealing a tent in his pants. "We're out. You guys win."
"What baby?" Nicole said, turning around. "No way! I want to win. Just fuck me right now!" she said, walking towards her husband and pressing her perky breasts into his chest. She grabbed his hands and placed them on her ass, attempting to persuade him.
Nicole's husband groaned audibly as he felt her ass, but remained resilient. "Sorry, Nikki. We can have sex later. I can't do it in front of your friends." He said, leaning in to kiss her.
Their lips briefly touched before Nicole broke it, pouting and sticking out her lower lip. "Okay, but you better make it up to me later!" she said, grabbing her husband's manhood through his costume. She turned to Aaron and his mother.
"Okay, I guess you guys won." She said, still pouting slightly. She walked back towards the bed, this time to get the prize. She picked up the Prada bag and walked back over towards Lauren. "Here's your prize, hun. I hope you like it. It was fun playing with you; we should do it again sometime." she said, flashing a mischievous smile and winking at Aaron.
"I guess we're gonna go home now." Marinella said, trying to excuse herself room the room. "It was a great party, Nikki, but we have to go. Thanks for inviting us!" she continued, grabbing her husband's hand and trying to hurry out the door.
"Please, Nella," Nicole said, picking up her costume off the door. "I know you're hurrying home so you two can have sex. No need to hide it, babe." She looked at Marinella with a teasing grin.
"Whatever!" Marinella replied, completely embarrassed again by Nicole's teasing. "Bye!"
With that, they stepped out the door, leaving Nicole and her husband alone with Aaron and his mother.
Lauren, realizing she was still sitting in her son's lap, got up, trying to distance herself. Aaron stared at his mother's ass as she stood up, admiring the enormous wet spot in her panties. He looked towards Nicole who was redressing herself on the bed.
Nicole slowly slid each leg of the tight catwoman suit over hers, pulling it up to her waist, covering her pussy. Aaron stared at her gorgeous body as she reclasped her bra and zipped the front of the skintight leather suit all the way up, over her fantastic tits. Even dressed, Nicole still looked amazing as the tight suit hugged her every curve. Aaron was sad to no longer be able to admire her naked body, but realized it was for the better after he had been ogling the women all night.
Aaron's mother set her new purse aside, looking to do the same. After gathering both pieces of her costume, began to slide her skirt back up. She was thankful to be able to hide her wet panties as she slid the skirt over her wide hips and round ass. She grabbed her top and placed it over her breasts, attempting to cover her hard nipples while she tied it. She'd realized her mistake in having wiped up her son's cum with the costume, as its thin material was now noticeably stained with cum. She postponed tying it, leaving it draped across her chest as she looked up towards Nicole and her husband.
"Well, Lauren, Rick, I guess it's time for us to go back to the party. I see you guys still have somewhat of a "mess" to clean up, so I'll see you downstairs." She said, giggling. She took her husband's hand and led him out the door, chastising him for making her lose. "You better fuck me really hard later tonight after making me lose that!" she said, lightly punching his arm as she left the room and closed the door.
This left Aaron and his mother alone for the first time that night. Lauren, realizing this, quickly tossed the cum-stained top of her costume to the side. She didn't want to be topless in front of her son, but it was doing her no favors. Aaron's eyes shot to his mother's breasts as he stood up, stepping out of his s blatantly staring at her still mostly nude body. She blushed as he stared at her with lust in his eyes, covering her small, perky tits with her arms.
Aaron, now finally out of sight of everyone else in the party, quickly tore off the hot mask and rest of his costume, attempting cool down. Lauren stared at her son's muscular body as he stripped to nothing but his sleeveless undershirt and boxers. He really had turned into quite the good looking young man.
"Alright, Aaron. Come over here and sit next to me. We need to talk about this." She said, still incredibly horny but realizing they should stop whatever was happening before it was too late. Aaron, snapping out of his haze as his mother covered her chest, obeyed his mother and walked towards the bed to sit next to her.
As he neared the bed, Aaron felt his foot step on something. He looked down, realizing too late he'd stepped on Sofia's panties. As his weight shifted, his foot slid out from under him, causing him to fall towards the bed. Lauren, barely reacting to what happened, attempted to catch him as he fell towards her. His momentum led him onto the bed, pushing Lauren onto her back in the process. He finally stopped himself as he realized where he was.
He was lying over his mother's half naked body, his right hand firmly on her left breast. He'd fallen completely on top of her, and in trying to catch himself he'd inadvertently groped her body. Lauren lay on her back, her face inches from her son's, very aware of his hand squeezing her firm breast. They stared at each other for a moment before almost instinctually closing their eyes and bringing their heads together. Their lips met in the heat of the moment, sending sparks flying as they kissed passionately for the third time that night. Lauren's lips parted as her son pushed his tongue into her mouth, his rough hand still cupping her breast.
Lauren moaned as Aaron pinched her nipple between his fingers and immediately moved her hand to feel for his manhood. She grabbed his cock through his boxers, feeling it start to reharden in her hands. She pressed her lips even harder against her son's as she slipped her hand inside the waistband to feel her son's massive cock. At this point she no longer cared what she was doing, all she wanted to do was get pounded by a nice cock. She was going to get fucked hard by her own son.
Aaron was too overcome with lust to even think about anything anymore. He broke the kiss, taking his shirt off, and moved his mouth to one of his mother's small, perky breasts. He flicked her hard nipple with his tongue before engulfing her breast in his mouth once again. He slowly moved his free hand to his mother's wet slit, running his finger along her lips through her lace panties.
"Oh fuck, baby!" she cooed, shivers being sent down her spine every time her son's fingers pressed into her sopping pussy.
In one move, he ripped his mother's underwear completely off, tearing it completely in the process. Slowly, he inserted one finger into her waiting pussy, his mouth still sucking on her small breasts. Lauren moaned as his finger entered her pussy, toying with her with pleasure. She was being driven crazy with lust, hornier than she ever had been before, and it was because of, out of all people, her son!
She regained focus as her son fingered her wet slit, now gripping her son's manhood firmly inside his shorts. She lightly ran her hand up and down the length of his shaft, pumping his cock as he continued to tease her body. Aaron removed his mouth from his mother nipple, exposing her wet areola to the cold air. He kissed up and down her flat stomach, his free hand roaming over her thin, lithe body. He ran his hand down over her wild, child bearing hips, still pleasuring her with his hand.
Lauren felt herself getting closer and closer to orgasm and started grinding her pussy hard against her son's fingers. Just as she felt herself getting close to the edge, her son withdrew his hand from her pussy.
"What the fuck, baby? I was about to cum!" she said, begging for relief.
"I know. I'm gonna make you cum on my cock, mom. No cheating." Aaron said, now in power.
"Fuck, Aaron. Please, just fuck me. Fuck your mother's tight little pussy!" she moaned, pinching her nipple with her own hand.
Satisfied Aaron pulled down his shorts, once again revealing his huge cock. He grabbed his mother's gorgeous legs, lifting them up and lining his cock up to her pussy. Before entering, he slid it up and down her wet slit, teasing her one last time.
"Oh god! I need your cock, baby! Put it in me, already!" she cried, unable to wait a moment longer.
With this, Aaron grabbed his mother by the hips and popped the tip of his cock inside his mother's waiting pussy.
Lauren gasped as she felt his massive girth enter her tight cunt. He was so big it was almost painful. Slowly, she began to adjust to his size as he continued to push farther into her wet pussy. Aaron continued to penetrate his mother's pussy, his hands roaming over her petite body.
"Holy fuck mom, you're so tight!" he said, his cock stretching her tight pussy. Finally, he pushed his cock all the way in, completely bottoming out into his mother's hilt.
Lauren yelped in pain as her son's massive cock hit her cervix. It hurt badly at first, but slowly it began to fade away into pleasure. His enormous cock was now completely penetrating her tight cunt. Lauren felt like she was being split in half on his massive cock, she was being filled up like she'd never been filled before. Aaron had momentarily stopped moving, allowing her pussy to completely adjust to his size.
Aaron began to withdraw his cock from her velvet sheathe, pulling it almost all the way out. In one movement he pushed back in all the way, filling her up again. He started to pick up a pace, pounding in and out of her pussy, increasing the speed each time. Finally, he fell into a rhythm, impaling his mother's tight pussy with his massive cock. Lauren yelped every single time he pushed into her, his size continuing to stretch her pussy.
Finally, completely adjusted to his movements and girth, she started to match his rhythm, moving her hips in tune with his as he pumped his cock in and out of her. Aaron continued fucking his mother's tight pussy, bringing his hands once again to her perky breasts, groping them roughly, and pressing his mouth hard against hers. Their tongues swirled in each other's mouths, kissing passionately as mother and son. She bit his lip as she felt herself once again nearing her climax.
"Fuck me, baby! Fuck your naughty little slut of a mother! I'm so close to cumming, baby, don't stop!" she screamed into his neck, her legs wrapping around his waist, urging him to penetrate her deeper. Aaron grabbed his mother's ass, squeezing it hard and picking her up in the process. Her hard nipples pressed into his naked chest as continued to slide his cock in and out of her pussy.
"Oh fuck mom, your ass is so fucking fantastic. Your hips are so god damn sexy!" Aaron yelled, still groping her tight ass.
Just as Lauren neared the edge of her orgasm, the door knob began to turn. "You guys gonna come down here?" Nicole said before seeing the situation.
Luckily, Aaron was facing the bed, away from the door. Nicole could only see his back and Lauren as he continued to piston in and out of her tight hole.
Lauren, facing the door, saw Nicole's eyes go wide as she witnessed what happened. Too late, Lauren began to orgasm on her son's hard cock, unable to stop herself or warn him of anything.
"Oh fuck!" she yelled. "I'm cumming!" she said as she bounced up and down on her son's cock, hoping Nicole couldn't tell it was him.
Nicole could see Lauren's petite body being impaled over and over again, watching her tits jostle up and down as she came on Aaron's cock. "You naughty slut!" Nicole mouthed to Lauren, still unbeknownst to Aaron.
Lauren, mid orgasm, attempted to shoo Nicole away, motioning with her arm to close the door. This was hard, as she was still convulsing on her son's cock, the fact that her best friend was watching her fuck her own son driving her even crazier.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck!" Lauren moaned out, each time her son pumped his cock back into her pussy. She continued to shoo Nicole away, trying to get her to leave.
Nicole, seeing his, gave her the "okay" symbol, before starting to close the door. Right before she closed it, however, she brought out her phone and snapped a picture of Lauren, naked, being fucked hard by son who was facing away.
Unable to do anything, still in the middle of her orgasm, Lauren watched as Nicole took the photo, flashed her a smile, and then shut the door.
Lauren's pussy began to contract as her orgasm came crashing down, squeezing Aaron's cock like a vice.
"Holy fuck mom! You're too tight! I'm gonna cum!" he said, continuing to buck in and out of her tight pussy.
Deciding to completely ignore what had just happened, Lauren wrapped her legs tighter around her son's waist, causing him to push deeper inside her sopping pussy. "Fuck me, baby!" she yelled, her pussy milking her son's cock for all it was worth. "Cum inside my pussy, baby! I'm on the pill! Shoot your load deep inside your mother's womb!"
All the encouragement Aaron needed, he set her back down on her back and took her nipple into his mouth, pushing his cock deep inside her one last time. Lauren arched her back as she felt her son tense up, about to cum.
"Oh fuck!" Aaron yelled as started to cum inside his mother's pussy. Loads and loads of his cum shot deep inside his mother's fertile womb, coating her walls with his potent seed. Lauren gasped as she felt her son's balls empty deep inside her tight pussy, filling her up with his hot cum.
"That's it!" Lauren gasped, "Fill your mommy up with your hot cum! Make me your little cum slut!" She felt her son's cock completely empty inside her cunt, causing it to overflow with his seed. She contracted her pussy, milking the last drops of cum from his enormous cock, grabbing his head and kissing him passionately once again.
Aaron, his balls now completely emptied inside his mother, collapsed to her side. As they both recovered from their mindshattering orgasms, they cuddled in each other's arms. She turned his head towards his, pushing her ass into his crotch. Aaron, feeling his, lifted his head up and pressed his lips to hers, cupping her breast once again.
"I love you, baby." Lauren said, completely satisfied, feeling great to be appreciated by such a young, nice cock.
"I love you too, mom." Aaron said, kissing her on the cheek. He placed his hand on the side of her hips, squeezing her ass. "You're so fucking sexy. Your ass is fucking perfect." He said, rolling over.
Lauren turned around and laid her arm across her son, her hard nipples pressing into the side of his chest as she attempted to recover. They lay together for a few minutes before deciding they needed to get ready.
"We should get back down there," Lauren started, "Nicole must be wondering where we are." She didn't reveal the fact that Nicole had come in and seen them having sex, even going so far as to take a picture. Lauren's only hope now was that she had no clue it was her son and that she could get her to delete the photo.
They both got up off the bed, and Aaron went to put his costume back on.
"Don't forget to put your mask back on, honey" his mother said, resuming her duties as his mother.
"I know, I know. People still think I'm your husband. I guess we don't want them seeing that it was actually your son whose cock you were sucking like a horny slut." He said, grinning at her. He pulled on his suit, leaving his mask off for a moment as he turned to his mother.
"Hey! I'm still your mother, young man. Don't talk to me like that!" she said, walking past him to gather her clothes."
"Yeah yeah." Aaron said. As she passed him, he brought his hand down and slapped her naked ass hard, causing her to yelp in a combination of pain and pleasure.
"Aaron!" she said, turning around and blushing a deep red. "Don't do that!" she continued, embarrassed by being treated that way by her son.
"Sorry. Your ass is just so fucking sexy. I couldn't resist." He watched her as she attempted to redress, getting ready to go back down to the party.
Lauren picked up her top, still slightly stained with his cum, and tied it around her chest, covering her small breasts. Her hard nipples poked through the fabric, leaving much less to the imagination. She walked over to the bed, picking up her torn panties.
"Did you really have to tear them completely off, baby?" she said, looking at the ripped material. "There's no way I can wear these now. I really like these ones." She said, pouting.
"Sorry mom, I just got kinda lost in the moment."
"What am I gonna do now? I have nothing to cover myself." Lauren said, looking at the skimpy skirt that would barely cover her bottom.
Aaron walked over to his mother, grabbing her waist and pulling her towards his chest. "I guess you'll just have to be a naughty little slut and go the rest of the night without panties." He said, grabbing her ass and pressing his lips against hers once again.
Lauren broke the kiss, biting her lip, and moving to grab her small, revealing skirt. "You make things so difficult." She said, stepping in to it. She slowly slid the skirt up her legs, her son staring. She blushed as she pulled the skirt over her wide hips, placing it on her waist. She looked dressed, but she could feel the cold air touching her naked pussy under the skirt.
She inspected herself, realizing the skirt covered practically nothing. She was almost showing her naked ass and shaved pussy. She moved carefully towards the door, trying to make sure her skirt wouldn't blow up as she walked. She felt naughty not wearing any panties as she could still feel her wet pussy oozing with her son's cum. Getting ready to leave, she moved to the bag she'd won, picking it up and admiring it. "Definitely worth it." She said to herself, moving her eyes between the bag and her son.
"Let's go, I guess." She said, moving to the door." Aaron watched his mother's scantily clad ass as she opened the door, pulling him by the hand in the process. They bounced down stairs, his mother revealing her naked ass with every step she took downward. Finally, as they reached the bottom, Lauren pulled her skirt farther down and blushed, hoping no one had seen her naked bottom as she'd gone down the stairs. She set off to find Nicole, hoping to fix the situation.
Lauren led her son through the crowd, looking for her friend. She spotted her at the back by the door, and flagged her down.
"Hey Lauren." Nicole said, grinning at her mischievously. "Where have you guys been?" she asked, rhetorically.
"Oh, you know, around." Lauren responded, playing her game. "We just wanted to tell you we were heading out and say our goodbyes."
"Oh okay. Thanks for coming!" she said, giggling. She looked at Aaron, now wearing the mask once again.
"We had a great time." Aaron spoke up, saying his goodbye.
"Yes we did." Lauren added, turning to her son. "You can wait in the car. I have to talk to Nikki for a sec."
"Okay, baby." He said, kissing her before leaving. Lauren hoped Nicole still thought it was her husband; she didn't want to continue the affection if she knew it was actually her son. Aaron took out his keys and headed out the door, walking towards the car.
"What's up, hun?" Nicole said, smiling, obviously teasing Lauren.
"Delete that picture Nicole!" Lauren said, still gauging Nicole's reaction.
"Oh, the one of you and your husband fucking on my bed? Why would I do that?" Nicole continued, pulling out her phone.
Lauren breathed a sigh of relief, realizing Nicole didn't know it was her son whose cock she'd been riding. She still didn't want her to have the picture, though.
"Come on, Nikki. Delete it. I don't want Rick to know you took a picture of us!" she said, trying to convince her friend to erase it.
"Sorry, Laurie, but I'm gonna keep it. It's too hot to erase. You're a naughty little whore, you know that?" Nicole said, showing her the picture. It clearly showed Lauren's naked body being pounded by her son, who thankfully was turned around enough to be unable to be identified in the picture. In the picture, Lauren's tits were perfectly on display, and you could just make out the shape of her son's cock stretching the entrance to her tight pussy. It was certainly quite a bit more than even a "risqu" photo.
"What are you even gonna do with it?" Lauren asked, blushing after having seen a photo of her so exposed.
"I won't show it to anyone or tell anybody I have it. It's just for me, so I always have a photo of my milf of a bestie getting fucked like a horny slut." Nicole put away her phone, placing her arms around Lauren and hugging her close.
She quickly her soft lips to Lauren's, giving her a peck, perhaps a little more sensually than would be considered "normal", and whispered in her ear: "Don't worry, babe."
Lauren, realizing she was getting nowhere, just hoped her friend would be true to her word. She had been her best friend for many years, and she trusted her, but she was still uneasy. "I guess that's the best I'm gonna get" she said to herself.
"Okay, Nikki" Lauren said, eyeing her carefully. "I guess we're going to head out now. Thanks for the bag" she said, indicating the purse she had around her shoulder.
"No problem, hun. Have a good night!" With that, Nicole stapped back to resume the party, her tight ass cheeks bouncing in the skin tight suit with each step. Lauren stepped out the door, looking for her car.
Lauren spotted her son standing next to their car about 30 yards away, and quickly hurried to him, the cold night air blowing under her skirt. She could feel some of her son's cum start to drip down her leg, no panties to cover her wet, sopping pussy. As she reached about half way across the street, a large gust began blowing, picking up Lauren's skirt. Too late to react, the gust completely blew up the sides of her skirt, flashing her bare ass and naked pussy in front of her son. Lauren turned a bright shade of red as she attempted to pull her skirt down, holding it as she walked the rest of the way.
"Windy out, huh?" Aaron said rhetorically, chuckling at his mother's situation.
"Shut up!" Lauren said, still blushing, as she stepped into the seat. As she sat down, she could still feel some of her son's cum leaking out of her pussy. She placed her hands in her lap, trying to cover what was happening and attempting to make sure it didn't leak onto the seat.
Aaron pulled off his mask, finally being alone once again. He started the car and began to drive home. As they drove in silence, Lauren noticed their dynamic was changed. One hand on the wheel, Aaron placed his other hand high up on her thigh. His strong hands caressed her leg, running up and down its length. She was embarrassed at being touched so naughtily by her own son, but was still incredibly aroused.
Slowly, Aaron's free hand roamed down to just in between her legs. He moved his fingers, lightly running them over her wet slit.
Lauren gasped as her son's fingers traced her puffy pussy lips. "Aaron!" she yelped as her son pressed one finger into her wetness, feeling his cum leaking out of her pussy.
He removed his hand, pulling into their driveway and stopping the car. He stepped out of the car. Aaron walked around to the passenger side, opening the door to help his mother out. Breathing roughly from his touch, she took his outstretched hand and began to get out. As Aaron pulled his mother up from the seat, he caught a glimpse of his mother's still sopping pussy.
Lauren, finally getting out, once again brought her hands to her lap, covering her scantily clad bottom. She blushed as she walked towards the door, letting herself in. As she and her son stepped in the house, closing the door, she began to think what they should do about their situation.
Aaron, finally home, quickly stripped off the hot costume, tossing it on the couch. He turned to face his mother as she tried to speak up.
"Aaron. Tonight was amazing, but I don't think we should do anything like it ever again. You're my son. I can't be having sex with you! It's wrong!" she said, trying to convince herself as well. She'd be lying if she said she hadn't loved being fucked hard by her son's enormous cock.
Aaron said nothing, walking towards her apparently something on his mind. As Lauren began to follow up her statement with another, she felt her son pick her completely up off the floor.
"What are you doing, Aaron?" she said, confused. He lifted her hips completely up and set her ass down on the tent forming in front of his boxers. He continued to hold her up with one hand as he tore off her top with the other.
"Stop, Aaron! We shouldn't be doing this!" she said as he pressed her lips hard against hers, kissing her passionately.
Aaron didn't care at this point, and breaking the kiss he finally spoke up. "I don't care, mom. You're so fucking hot. I'm gonna fuck you like the horny slut I know you are." He squeezed her ass under her skirt, taking her perky, small breast once again in his mouth. He lightly tongued her hard nipple, causing her to moan with pleasure. He ground his cock hard into her wet pussy, only the thin material of her skirt and his boxers separating their sexes.
"Oh fuck, baby!" Lauren gasped as his large cock pressed into her tight cunt. She arched her back as her son's mouth continued to work on her sensitive nipple.
Aaron, removing his mouth from her breast, gripped her again and started walking up the stairs towards her bed room. He had no trouble picking up her petite body, and he slid pressed his mouth against her soft, red lips as he moved to her room. His tongue lightly touched hers as he reached her bed, where he gently set her down. Aaron removed his shirt and boxers, revealing his once again hard cock, and leaned over his mother. He pressed the tip of his cockhead into his mother's tight pussy, still filled with his cum from earlier. He ran his cock along the length of her slit, teasing her in the process.
Lauren let go of all her reservations, and accepted the fact that she wanted to be fucked hard by her son's cock. "Fuck me, Aaron! Fuck your mother's tight little pussy!"
Aaron obeyed, grabbing her hips and plunging his thick cock deep inside his mother's waiting pussy. His massive girth stretched her pussy once again, filling her up to the brim.
"Holy fuck your cock is so big, baby! You're splitting me in half!" she moaned as her son penetrated her tight cunt.
Aaron began to slide his cock in and out of his mother's pussy, picking up his pace. He pounded her tight pussy with his enormous shaft, pulling her hips into his with every stroke. He moved groped her naked body with his strong hands, massaging her tits and squeezing her ass, her dainty skirt now flung up above her stomach.
Lauren screamed every time her son's large cock entered her pussy. She bucked her hips as he pulled her petite body into his. Any pent up frustration melted away as her son used her tight pussy like a toy, ramming her with his cock.
Suddenly, Lauren felt her son's cock completely withdraw from her sopping pussy. She looked down, wondering what had happened, and met her son's gaze, noticing the lust in his eyes.
Aaron picked up his mother's petite body, flipping her on his stomach. "I'm gonna fuck your tight little pussy from behind so I can pound your fucking gorgeous ass!" He reached for his cock, pressing it into his mother's slit from behind. She arched her back as she felt his cock press into her cunt, propping her tight ass up off the bed. He ripped off the thin skirt, throwing it on the floor by the bed.
Aaron moaned as he once again entered his mother's sopping pussy, feeling her tightness envelop his cock. "Fuck mom, you're so tight! He said, gripping her wide hips and ass as he bottomed out deep inside her tight hole. He watched in delight as his cock slid in and out of his mother's pussy, pressing his crotch into her round ass. As his cock continued to piston in and out of Lauren's cunt, his balls slapped against her clit.
Lauren laid face down on the bed, her small breasts pressing into the sheet as she continued to get rammed from behind by her son. As Aaron pushed his enormous cock inside her pussy in the new position, she once again felt his massive cockhead hit her cervix. She yelped, this time in complete pleasure, as his cock pressed into her hilt.
"You cock is so fucking big! You're stretching my tight pussy so much!" Lauren moaned, nearing her orgasm. Aaron bent over his mother, her ass grinding into his crotch, as he reached over to grab her tits. He groped her body from behind, his stiff cock still penetrating her from behind.
"Oh god your tits are perfect!" Aaron gasped, rolling her nipple in between his fingers. Lauren turned her head backwards, placing her hand over her son's head and bring it closer to hers. She kissed him passionately as he continued to pleasure her petite, lithe body.
"Oh fuck, mom!" Aaron said, continuing to pump in and out of her pussy. "I'm about to cum!"
Lauren could feel her son start to tense up as his cock pressed into her cervix every time he bottomed out in her. "Cum for me, baby! Cum inside your mother's slutty little pussy!"
Hearing his gorgeous mother speaking like a horny slut pushed Aaron over the edge. "Fuck, I'm cumming!" he said, pushing once again, deep inside her pussy. His balls tensed as he exploded deep insider her womb, filling her again with his massive load.
Lauren, feeling her son's hot cum filling her pussy again, started to orgasm on his cock. "Oh God, baby, I'm cumming too! Fuck me with your huge cock!" she gasped as she convulsed on his massive erection.
Aaron grabbed his mother's wide hips, squeezing her ass and kissing the side of her neck as his cock continued to shoot his potent seed inside his mother's womb.
Lauren came harder than she ever had before, her pussy being completely filled by her son's massive load. She moaned, rubbing her clit as she shattered on his cock. "Ohh fuck!" she moaned one last time, collapsing on the bed.
Aaron shot the last of his load deep inside his mother's cunt, falling on the bed as well. They lay on the bed, gasping, as they recovered from their orgasms.
Lauren, laying on her side, her son's cock still deep inside her pussy. She turned her head, pressing her full, red lips to her son's. "I love you so much, baby." She said, her ass still pressing against his crotch.
Aaron kissed her again, cupping her breast with one hand, his other squeezing her round ass. "I love you too."
They rested, slowly drifting off to sleep in each other's arms.
Lauren awoke early the next morning with a light headache, no doubt a result of her drinking. She shuffled a bit, slowly realizing where she was. Her son's arm was still draped across her chest, and his cock was still pressing against the underside of her pussy, touching her tight hole. Slowly, she got out of bed, surveying the situation. She and her son had just fucked in her own bed, and the room was a mess. Her ripped skirt was lying on the floor by the bed, and her son's undershirt and boxers sat on a nearby chair. The covers were completely messed up, stained with massive amounts of cum.
Lauren turned around, looking into the mirror at her body. Her pussy was incredibly sore from being fucked so hard by such a large cock, and her small, perky nipples were tender after being handled so roughly by her son. Her lipstick was smeared, traces of it still on her son's cock and chest.
"Hey sexy" Lauren heard from behind her, her son apparently now awake.
Aaron was sitting up in the bed, staring at his mother's tight ass from behind as she stared in the mirror. He bit his lip, his eye's running over his mother's hot body as she turned her waist towards him. He admired his work noting her smeared makeup, and her sore, raw pussy. She had a hickey on her neck, and she rubbed her tender breasts as she looked at him.
"Hey baby." She said, walking towards him. "I didn't realize you were up." She sat on the edge of the bed, next to him, giving him a light peck on the lips. "Last night was amazing."
Aaron, somewhat sore himself from their long night, sat up further in the bed. "Sure was. Who knew my mother was such a little slut?" he said, teasing her. Lauren blushed, then quickly shook it off.
"So what do you want to do today?" Aaron asked, getting up out of the bed. "Dad said he wouldn't be here until at the very least late tonight."
"Well" Lauren said, walking towards the bathroom. "First of all, I'm going to take a shower."
Aaron watched her ass sway back and forth as she reached the entrance, turning around again. "Care to join me?"
Aaron lit up, stepping towards his mother without saying anything. He reached the door, picking up her by the waist, squeezing her ass. They stared face to face for a second, before Lauren pulled her son's head towards hers. Their lips met, their tongue's dancing in each other's mouths.
Lauren broke the kiss as her son closed the door behind him. He carried her to the edge of the shower, turning on the water. "You don't mind showering with your dirty little slut of a mother?" she said.
"Of course not" he said, stepping into the tub and pressing her petite body against the tile. He groped her small breast and lined up his hardening cock to her waiting hole. "I'm gonna fuck her tight little pussy until she's too sore to walk." In one stroke, he pushed his massive cock deep inside her pussy, bottoming out deep inside his mother, up to the hilt.