Our story takes place in a large Midwestern city in the early 1980's where our well-hung protagonist Luther Casey (aka "The Root") continues his carnal adventures. Per usual, all characters are fictitious and of legal age.
-------------------------------------
Sitting in the courtroom for her client's pre-trial hearing, Katherine Yates ("Katie" to her friends) squirmed in her seat, the hem of her skirt riding up as she fidgeted in the hard wooden chair. She hadn't worn panties that day, opting for just a garter belt and stockings to go with her lacy black bra, and she was dying to go to the ladies room and rub one out.
This constant state of horniness was starting to become a problem for the successful young lawyer. And she blamed it all on Luther Casey, her new lover with the big beautiful cock. He was the one who'd suggested she stop wearing panties, wanting her to be ready for him whenever they got together. And though she wouldn't see him until later that evening, she loved knowing her pussy was exposed like a bad girl's beneath her conservative business attire.
Since she'd started seeing Lute about a month before, she often found herself unable to concentrate on her work, or anything else for that matter. Because at the most inopportune moments, the image of his huge dick would flash into her head and she'd be off again, imagining her hands wrapped around his thick shaft, working it into her mouth until she gagged, and then spitting on it and pouncing on for more.
"Ms. Yates, do I need to repeat my question?" the judge asked in an irritated tone that snapped her back to reality.
"I'm sorry, your honor, yes, if you wouldn't mind," she replied as her cheeks flushed.
When the courtroom session was finally over, she hurried out to her car, draped her coat over her lap, and slid a hand up her skirt. Then, reliving the feeling of her pussy being stretched by Lute's wondrous cock, she rubbed her clit and brought herself off, gasping and moaning as she came, just as she had countless times over the past few weeks.
Sitting slumped in her car seat regaining her senses, she muttered to herself, "Goddammit, Kat, you really have to get this under control!"
Since losing her virginity, Katie had loved sex and enjoyed it as often as possible. She couldn't remember a time in her adult life when she didn't have two or three fuck buddies awaiting her call. And though she'd briefly tried monogamy, it wasn't for her. Variety was the spice of her life.
However, this thing with Luther was different. He was a funny and sweet guy, and she would have liked him even he wasn't endowed with the biggest cock she'd ever had.
But he was. And his beast made her swoon to the point of infatuation. "Now get it under control, dumb ass!" she hissed as she rearranged her skirt and started up the car.
As she drove towards her office, she tried to focus on her afternoon meetings, but her mind kept returning to the night she first met Luther. It was at a party at an old college friend's house. She was dancing and having a good time, and having just won a big case she was in a celebratory mood. But overhearing two women talking about the tall cute guy who'd just walked in, her ears perked up when one said, "Yeah, and I hear he's hung like a horse!"
Emboldened by a couple of drinks and feeling especially naughty, Katie soon had Lute, the tall cute guy in question, engaged in conversation in the kitchen. And then she asked him to go down to the basement to help her bring up some more wine.
Locking the basement door behind them, when they reached the bottom of the stairs she pushed him against a wall and gave him a deep tongue-lashing kiss, leaving no doubt she was loaded for bear. Only problem was, she was on her period. And when she got his cock out of his pants to suck him off, she realized she'd just unleashed the dick of her dreams.
Katie swore Lute's cock rivaled her forearm in length and girth, and as she worked its big mushroom head into her mouth, she knew she had to have him, right there and then, her menstrual cycle be damned.
No stranger to anal sex, she'd encouraged some lovers to plow her back forty, and she enjoyed it. But taking Lute's leviathan up her ass was altogether another matter, especially since her lube was upstairs in her purse. But being a resourceful girl, next to the wine bottles she saw a bottle of her friend's best olive oil and knew she had a solution.
So after anointing Lute's cock and her anus with a liberal amount of Italy's finest lubricant, she took off her skirt and panties, leaned over the washing machine, and flexed her ass as he began slowly working his monster up her rear chute.
Fortunately the music from upstairs drowned out her screams when Lute finally had her fully impaled on his truncheon. And when he began to work it in and out of her ass, slowly at first, and then with more emphatic thrusts, she moaned like a wounded animal.
The exquisite pain of his thick meat reaming her bung was so nastily wonderful that it didn't take much clit rubbing before she was bucking and wailing her way through an orgasm of epic proportions.
But that wasn't the end of it, not by a long shot, because Lute now had her tits pulled out of her top and was groping them and pinching their nipples with one hand while gripping her ass in the other. And as she came, he began to furiously pound her bum, prolonging her screaming climax while he moved towards one of his own.
Lute's orgasm that night was something she wouldn't soon forget. It was like having a fire hose blasted inside her -- a veritable explosion, followed by a torrent of cum that gushed out of her butt and dripped down her thighs onto the basement floor.
Sliding off the washer and dropping to her knees, she hungrily grabbed his cock and shoved it in her mouth. Thinking she was just going to suck off his last remnants of spew, she was startled when he continued to cum, filling her mouth with another round of jizz, and then one more for good measure. Gulping it down as best she could, she looked up at him with a worshipful gaze as cum ran down her chin.
"Where have you been all my life?" she asked with a bewildered, sperm-filled smile, knowing she'd now do anything to have his beast inside her again.
And that, dear readers, was the beginning of Katie Yate's obsession with Luther Casey and his magnificent cock. And as she drove to her office reliving that first encounter, she unconsciously slid a hand inside her blouse and circled her long fingers around one of her nipples, relishing the thought that Lute would soon be ravaging her with his huge cock and erupting inside her again like some ballistic missile.
Katie knew she and Lute were really well-matched, and considering it in legal terms, his huge cock provided a perfect "quid pro quo" to her pussy's fleshy wings.
Fortunately it was Friday and the end of her work week. And having gotten a big end-of-year bonus, she'd booked a weekend at a top-drawer Japanese hot springs resort up north and invited Lute to join her.
Katie wouldn't generally go away with a guy for a weekend so early in their relationship, but she couldn't wait to spend a couple of days indulging in the resort's amenities and being a very bad girl with Lute. And her strategy was that afterwards, having gorged herself on his cock all weekend, she'd have this infatuation thing under control.
The plan was for her to pick Lute up later that evening at a club where the entertainment company he worked for was putting on a show, and then they'd head out of town. So after working late at the office, she went back to her apartment to finish packing.
She'd been to the resort twice before with other lovers and knew it was an extraordinary place. It had hot spring pools, saunas, steam rooms and private hot tubs, along with massages and various spa treatments. It was a blissful getaway with a serene ambience amid structures that appeared to have been wholly transplanted from Japan.
Knowing her pussy and ass were going to be getting a serious workout over the next few days, Katie was sure to pack plenty of lube. And then just for kicks she tossed in one of the BDSM toys an old lover had bought her. They'd dabbled in some bondage, and not knowing how the weekend with Lute might play out, she figured, "Why not?"
On their drive to the resort that night Katie and Lute got better acquainted. Though they'd been together more than a half dozen times, those dates had mostly been about sex. Sure, they'd gone out to dinner and a basketball game, but that'd just been prolonged foreplay before a long night of fucking.
But now since they had a whole weekend together, as they drove north in Katie's late model BMW, they dug deeper into the "Getting to know you" aspects of their relationship.
Katie was 28 years old, five years Lute's senior, and was tall, slim and lovely. She had wavy short brown hair and dark eyes, a classically pretty face, and a set of round C cup tits with prominent nipples and the perfect amount of sexy sag.
She had long legs that she loved to wrap around Lute's waist when they fucked, along with a shapely ass and hips that rounded out her figure. She was a "hot babe" by anyone's definition. And her looks had definitely been an asset to her career, especially since she was also tough and wicked smart.
But Katie's body had an additional feature that her lovers found especially intriguing: her pronounced labia. Her pussy lips -- both her labia majora and minora -- were unusually big and meaty and they spread like butterfly wings from her vulva. Swelling when she was aroused, they were thick burgundy curtains that framed the entrance to her carnal kingdom. And though earlier in life she'd been self-conscious about them, she'd since come to love her wings and how they brought her untold pleasures, thanks to their heightened sensitivity during sex.
As for Lute, as devoted readers know, he was well over six feet tall, brown-haired, handsome and fit. And though he possessed a cock that put him in the top tier of the male populace, and loved the way women swooned over it, he was an otherwise smart and modest guy with a winning personality.
But like Katie, Lute also had a bad boy side that he'd turn loose on willing lovers. And Katie, as he'd learned that first night at the party, was definitely willing.
It was about 11pm when they arrived at the resort. It'd been built several generations before by a Japanese family who brought in craftsmen from Japan to build it in the style of a classic Japanese mountain hot springs resort. Meticulously constructed from hand-hewn timbers, it had beautiful woodwork throughout and a peaceful zen-like atmosphere.
The resort had guest cabins lined along a lake and more tucked up on the hill behind the main lodge. With a dining room, bar, and spa amenities in the central lodge area, the resort had a wealth of creature comforts. And after checking-in and dropping off their bags in their lakeside cabin, Katie and Lute changed into the resort's plush terrycloth robes, had some sake, and then headed over to one of the hot spring pools.
It was understood that swim suits were optional in the pools, and all the half dozen soaking guests that evening had chosen the naked option. It was a cold and clear mid-winter night, and steam rose from the hot water, creating an ethereal haze over the pool as Lute and Katie slipped in.
The resort wasn't a nudist colony or a swingers scene, but it attracted guests who were uninhibited about their bodies and sexuality. And the provided robes and kimonos, with little or nothing underneath, were the primary uniform around the resort.
Though it wasn't advertised as such, from her previous trips Katie knew that after 10pm this particular pool became a mellow couples-only zone where lovers were free to do as they pleased. The pool was about 20 feet across, so couples could distance themselves from others while still being close enough to enjoy the views.
As Lute and Katie sat and soaked in the soothing waters, they moved together and kissed. Having put their libidos on hold for the drive up, they could now finally indulge in each other's bodies, and Katie wasted no time getting her hands on Lute's prodigious member.
Among their companions in the pool, they weren't the only ones engaged in some watery fun. Lute watched as a beautiful Nordic-looking blonde with big tits moved onto the edge of the pool and spread her legs so her equally blonde partner could work his face into her pussy. Catching Lute's eye, she smiled and lifted one of her hefty tits to her mouth and sucked on its nipple, giving him a wink as she did.
On the other side of the pool another attractive woman straddled her partner in the water and began slowly moving up and down on his cock while they kissed. And nearby another couple were similarly engaged.
It was an amorous scene, and the soft background music provided an otherworldly mood for Lute and Katie as they joined together in the misty waters, kissing and caressing.
After they'd soaked and stroked for a while, at Katie's encouragement, Lute got up on the side of the pool so she could finally get his cock in her mouth. And though their pool mates were engaged in their own pleasures, the sight of Lute's huge cock getting sucked by his comely partner drew their attention. And soon they were all giving long looks towards the handsome young couple shrouded in the mist, just as Katie knew they would.
As Lute was discovering, one of Katie's bad girl turn-ons was that she liked to be watched. She was careful about where and how she did it. But as she'd discovered during her first visit to the resort with a former boyfriend, this was the perfect place for her to indulge.
She'd put her meaty cunt on full display one night on the edge of this pool while her boyfriend worked her over with his mouth, and it was heaven. And when she climaxed, softly gasping and moaning before slipping back into the water, the other couples had politely applauded. She'd loved it.
For his part, Lute had no problem putting on a little show for their companions. Though he had few exhibitionist tendencies, he was proud of his sizeable member and knew it'd found an appreciative audience.
The steamy waters and erotic atmosphere befitted subdued foreplay, so Katie wasn't deep-throating Lute like she normally would, opting instead for some low-key fellatio, giving their admirers a nice view of his huge member as she tenderly stroked it and worked it over with her lips and tongue.
But after more poolside foreplay, Katie whispered to Lute that she was dying to fuck. Agreeing they preferred to do that in bed, they headed back to their cabin, nodding to their companions as they left.
Walking down the snow-lined path to the cabin, the front of Lute's robe rose up like a circus tent over his thick pole. And as soon as they walked in the cabin door, Katie led him over to their bed and pushed him back onto the duvet-covered futon.
Moving about the room, she lit some candles and got a bottle of lube from her bag. Then standing at the foot of the bed she poured some of the oil into Lute's hands.
"I'm all yours for the next two days, baby," she said in a soft seductive voice, "So shall we take this one slow and easy?"
"Yeah, that sounds nice," Lute replied as he opened his robe and stroked the oil onto his thick meat until it glistened in the candlelight.
Undoing her robe and letting it drop to the floor, Katie put one foot on the bed and rubbed an oily hand over her vulva, spreading apart the thick butterfly wings of her distended labia. She kept her dark thatch trimmed so her lovers got an unobstructed look at her alluring snatch, and as always, Lute enjoyed seeing her lusty pussy lips, swollen and red and anxious to spread for him.
"I've been thinking about fucking you all day," she whispered as she touched herself. "And my wings have been ready for you to spread them with that fat cock."
"Nice. Did you wear panties today?"
"No, my cunt was bare for you all day."
"Uh huh. Did you touch yourself?"
"Oh, yeah. A bunch of times."
"I thought so. You're such a bad girl. Now, do you wanna' go for a ride?"
"Oh, god, yes," she whispered as she climbed onto the bed and mounted him, slowly easing herself down onto his thick shaft until she was fully impaled.
"Did you like having those people watch me suck your cock at the pool?" she asked as she slid up and down on his meat.
"Yeah, that was...interesting."
"Well, they all loved it, I'm sure of that."
"You kinda' like being watched, don't you?"
"Uh huh, yeah, I do. Guilty as charged," she chuckled, "When I travel, I like to go to nude beaches. It's fun being naked around other people, checking out their bodies, and having them look at me. And sometimes I like to get naughty."
"Yeah? Like how?" he asked as he reached up and groped her swaying tits.
"Well, I don't get too naughty at beaches, but I've gone to some swinger parties. I had a boyfriend that was into that, and he took me to a couple when we were vacationing in LA."
"And you liked it?"
"Oh, yeah, it was really fun. Especially at this one party in Malibu. There was a handsome black guy with a big cock that I paired off with. And when we fucked, everybody gathered around and watched. I loved it!"
"But this isn't that kind of place, is it?" Lute asked, curious what lay in store for them that weekend.
"No, this place is pretty tame. Well, at least outwardly," she said as she leaned back her head, reveling in the pleasure of the moment, "But from what I just saw at the pool, there are some people here who really like to party. And I'm sure we'll see them again."
Then dropping forward so they could kiss, Katie slipped a hand into her crotch and began working over her clit while sliding up and down on Lute's huge tool until she finally gasped and came.
Continuing their easy lovemaking, Lute lifted his hips and drove himself deeper into Katie's cunt until at last he gave a long deep moan and filled her to overflowing with his seed.
The next morning broke cold and clear, and the light that filtered through the bamboo blinds cast a warm glow over the lovers' bed. The cabin was comprised of one large room with a small kitchen area and big adjoining bath, and the expansive front window overlooked the ice-covered lake. An area of the lake had been cleared for ice skating, and a small group of early-risers were getting their morning exercise by gliding in wide circles on the ice
After some prolonged morning kisses, Katie slid down on the bed and put her mouth on Lute's growing member. Giving it the same slow treatment as the night before, she soon had him fully hard and ready for action. Then after another long kiss, she slipped out of bed and went over to the front window to let in more of the morning light.
Peering through the bamboo blinds, Katie saw the skaters and knew they were close enough to see in the window if the blinds were opened. Deciding to be a bad girl, she raised the blinds to just above her waist level, giving a titillating view of her pussy and ass to any skaters who chose to look.
Lute was unaware what Katie was up to as she took the lube from the bedside table and rubbed some into her anus while he watched her from the bed, slowly stroking his morning wood.
"Come over here, baby. I want you to shove your big cock up my ass," she said with a come-hither look, planting her hands on a table positioned about six feet from the lakeside window. Then spreading her legs and leaning forward, she swayed her shapely tush from side to side while Lute came in behind and spread some of the lube on his truncheon before guiding it into her spread sphincter.
"Oh, yeah, get it in their, baby. Give me that big fuckin' meat!" she moaned as she stretched out on the table and raised her ass to meet its invader.
From his standing position, Lute couldn't see the passing skaters. But Katie had arranged their coupling so if the skaters looked (which most were now doing with each pass) they could see the lower torso of a dude with a huge cock plumbing her sweet bum. And with her upper torso draped across the table, Katie could be fully seen under the half-closed blinds.
Trying to play it cool, the skaters didn't stop to gawk at the lovers. But with each circle they glided a bit closer to the cabin window, like moths to a flame, wanting to catch as much of the seductive couple's performance as possible.
"Oh, god, yeah baby, yeah!" Katie moaned as their lovemaking heated up and Lute began ramming her ass with increased fervor, "You're so big in there, baby, so fucking big!"
Wearing a nasty grimace, Katie began shoving her ass back against Lute's torqued weapon, driving it deeper and harder into her plundered chute, giving their audience a view of anal sex at its finest. But for the ladies, watching a huge cock ravage Katie's ass made them squirm in sympathy, imagining with erotic discomfort what it would be like to have such a beast jammed in their own tight chutes.
Katie could see they were developing a loyal following, and shoved a hand into her crotch and began diddling her aroused clit while Lute gripped her hips and continued pounding her ass.
It then wasn't long before the lovers shifted into overdrive and began full-bore fucking, their sweaty bodies slapping together as Katie lifted her window-side leg onto the table so their audience got a good view of her ass being defiled by his huge cock as she dove head-on into a screaming orgasm.
"Oh, fuck, baby! Oh god, yes...yes...yes!" she wailed as Lute mercilessly reamed her in the way she loved so much. Then as she gasped for air, she threw back her head and screamed so loud the closest skaters smiled, knowing the show was reaching its big finale.
As Katie groaned and wailed like a bitch in heat, Lute was bringing up the rear, as it were, and was soon pumping her bung full of cum. Then, much to the pleasure of the skaters, he pulled his slick beast from her ass and launched his last loads across her butt cheeks.
Looking out the window to be sure their audience had gotten their money's worth, when Lute moved back and collapsed on the bed, Katie closed the blinds, signalling the end of the show. Then looking at Lute with her bad girl smile, she led her none-the-wiser lover off to the shower to prepare for the next of their day's activities.
Knowing Lute wanted to go cross country skiing on the resort's groomed trails, Katie had arranged to get a morning facial followed by a massage with Riko, her favorite masseuse. So after breakfast together in the dining room, Lute headed out to ski while Katie went off to be pampered, agreeing they'd meet up at the lodge for lunch.
When Lute returned from skiing, he found Katie sitting at a table in the dining room next to the fireplace. Wrapped in a big spa robe and drinking tea, she fairly glowed from her facial and massage treatments.
"If this place is heaven, I'm ready to confess all my sins so I can get in," she said with a blissful smile as he settled in next to her. "And my god, Roki, my masseuse, she's an absolute angel! After lunch she's gonna' meet us at the cabin and give you a massage too. You'll love it!"
When they returned to their cabin, a pretty athletic looking young Japanese woman wearing the spa's form-fitting masseuse outfit was setting up a portable massage table by the front window. Soft music was playing, a fire was going in the fireplace, and an exotic fragrance from Roki's massage oils wafted across the room.
Katie greeted Roki with a warm hug and a deep kiss on the lips that Lute found interesting. Katie then made her way to a chair by the fire as Lute undressed and stretched out on the table where Roki covered him in a warm flannel sheet.
For the next hour, Lute experienced Roki's masterful massage technique as she thoroughly worked over his body one section at a time. Her strong hands were both soothing and forceful, working out the tension in his muscles with long slow strokes and manipulations. And by the time she was finished, he was lying on his back in a state of deep euphoria.
Tightly wrapped in a warm sheet and blissed to the bone, Lute half-dozed while Roki moved quietly about the room. But he was slowly brought back to his senses when he felt her strong hands slide under the sheet to stroke his cock, and then dropping her head to take his growing member into her mouth.
This was an unexpected finale to his massage treatment. And though it was obvious she could easily bring him to an orgasm, when he was fully hard and anxious for more, she released his huge shaft and moved up to give him a tender kiss.
"You have a beautiful cock, Mr. Lute," she said softly, "Thank you for sharing it with me. I'll be back, but now I have Miss Katie ready for you." And with that she gave him another kiss before slipping out the door.
Easing himself up on the massage table, Lute looked towards the bed and was surprised by what he saw. Because lying naked and spread eagle atop the duvet was Katie, her wrists and ankles bound with leather restraints tied to the slatted headboard and footboard of the bedframe.
Giving him her best bad girl smile, Katie tugged on her arms and legs to show she was fully bound. "I'm all yours, baby," she cooed, "All yours."
Having just gotten a wondrous massage and some bonus stroking, Lute thought life couldn't get any better. But now seeing this beautiful creature spread out for him like a sumptuous feast, his blessings knew no bounds.
Surveying his supine lover, her seductive body still flushed and soft from her massage, Lute considered his options as she writhed atop the bed, helpless and sexy, awaiting him.
Driving his stiff cock into Katie's spread pussy and fucking the beejeezus out of her was an obvious first choice for how to deal with this vixen. And shoving his cock into her mouth and face-fucking her in the way she loved was another interesting possibility.
But the thick wings of her meaty pussy were too enticing to pass up, so Lute slid down onto the bed and planted his face between her spread legs, diving in for the first course of his extravagant meal.
"Oh, god, baby, yes!" Katie gasped as he took her thick cunt lips into his mouth and slurped them like oysters on the half shell, "Oh, fuck, yeah!"
Ever since he'd discovered the full extent of Katie's fleshy wings, Lute had loved going down on her. Her pussy was unlike any that he'd ever had, and sucking on her burgundy lips as she became aroused was a singular pleasure. As her excitement grew, her wings became increasingly engorged and puffy. And now as she raised her hips and shoved her cunt deeper into his mouth, her labia was bigger than ever.
"Oh, yeah, that's right! Suck it, baby!" she moaned as she ground her cunt onto his face, "Mmmm...yes...yes...yes!"
Sliding his tongue over her clitoris while continuing to slurp on her distended wings, Lute began working his fingers into her pussy. First one, then another, until he had a good portion of his hand inside her cunt, stretching it open as he continued mouthing her clit, bringing her to the verge of a screaming orgasm. But when she was almost there, he pulled out his hand and slid down to softly kiss her inner thighs.
"Goddam you, Luther!" she moaned, dying for him to bring her off in the wailing climax she was dying to unleash. But the restraints left her at his mercy, and she had to submit to his teasing as he licked her thighs before slowly tracing his tongue up her stomach and chest, stopping to suckle on her tits.
While working his mouth around her areolas, he straddled her and began to rub his cock against her pussy, holding his shaft as he raked its bulbous head across her fleshy wings.
"Oh, fuck...yeah...yeah...don't stop!" she grunted as she lifted her hips to meet his cock, again moving towards the orgasmic cliff.
After pulling his cock back a few more times to further torment her, Lute finally relented and brought her off by focusing his cock's head on her sweet spots, stroking it against her cunt until she was bucking her hips and flailing about on the bed like a fish on land.
"Oh my god! Oh, fuck...fuck...fuck...yes! Yes! Yes!" she screamed as her pussy flooded and he continued abrading her with his warhead while sucking on her tits.
"Yeah, baby, that's right!" she moaned as she continued riding the orgasmic wave sweeping through her body, "Oh, god, yes! Now fuck me baby! Fuck me!"
Under most other circumstances, Lute would have gladly shoved his torqued cock into her right then and ridden her to a towering climax. But given her bound state, he decided that fucking her could wait and he should instead take full advantage of the situation, her being trussed-up and all, wanting to be a very bad girl.
So after some more teasing -- sliding his cock a few inches into her gushing cunt before pulling it out -- Lute moved up and positioned his crotch over her face and dangled his balls into her mouth.
Seeing how it was going to be, Katie wrapped her lips around his scrotum and hungrily sucked on his nuts. Then he shifted a bit so she could her work her tongue over his perineum and into his asshole.
After thoroughly rimming his bung, Katie was now in full bad girl mode, so when Lute began to work his cock into her mouth, she opened wide and took it in as deep as she could. When she choked, he pulled out for a moment, but then she dove back on for more.
Lying there on the bed like a common whore, bound with leather restraints and blissfully sucking on her lover's huge cock, Katie thought back to when she'd first learned how to really suck a guy off. It'd been over spring break during her senior year of high school, a few months after she'd turned 18. And she'd joined her older sister and some of her college friends on a ski trip to Colorado.
One night at their condo, after a few drinks and some weed, Katie was invited to join a foursome with Amy, one of her sister's girlfriends, along with a couple of cute chairlift operators she'd brought home from a bar. After making out and shedding their clothes, Katie discovered two things: one of the guys had a really big cock, and Amy was an expert cocksucker who was glad to give lessons.
So for the next few hours, Amy and Katie traded off sucking and fucking the lucky guys. And at the boy's encouragement, she and Amy also ended up getting nasty with each other, in ways that were apparently old hat to Amy but novel for her younger friend. It was a momentous night for Katie, with lots of firsts -- group sex, fucking a guy with a big cock, swallowing cum, and eating pussy. And she loved it all.
Thinking about that night as she stretched her mouth around Lute's huge member, Katie marveled at how far she'd come in the ensuing ten years. And how many cocks she'd sucked since then, still deploying the same techniques she'd picked up from Amy with the hunky lift operators.
It was now dusk and Lute had extracted his cock from Katie's mouth, and the two were kissing and trading lewd taunts when they heard the door open. Looking across the room, they saw Roki slip back into the cabin. Wearing a warm quilted kimono, she quietly stoked the fire and lit candles before approaching the bed.
Looking at her companions with a demure smile, the comely young Japanese woman undid the obi sash around her kimono and then slipped out of the garment, letting it fall to the floor to unveil her naked body.
Lute quickly took in her lovely melon-sized breasts with their dark areolas and nipples, along with the thatch of wispy dark fur that covered her pussy. With her jet black hair down and her light olive skin glowing in the candlelight, Lute now saw what a beautiful and mysterious woman she really was.
Without a word, Roki moved onto the bed and joined their kissing, first with Lute and then a long open-mouthed kiss with Katie that confirmed what Lute had suspected: this wasn't their first rodeo together.
Moving aside to let Roki have her way with their bound partner, after more sultry kisses, she slowly worked her way down Katie's body, kissing her breasts, then her navel and stomach, until she came to rest in her crotch. As Roki moved into a sixty-nine position, she positioned her pussy on Katie's face while placing her own head between her lover's legs.
As Lute watched the two ladies dive into each other's pussies, he saw that Roki's massage skills weren't limited to her hands. She had a long deft tongue that knew how to send Katie into an absolute lather as she expertly slurped on her fleshy wings.
"Your pussy, Miss Katie, it is such a beautiful butterfly," Roki said softly as her tongue slid along Katie's labia. Then placing her mouth fully over Katie's remarkable pussy, she began to employ a cunnilingus technique that soon had Katie on the verge of another groaning orgasm.
From what Lute could see, Roki was simultaneously flicking her tongue over Katie's clit while sucking on her distended labia, and the combination of these oral manipulations were driving Katie crazy.
"Oh, god, baby, oh my god!" Katie moaned while she continued to work her own mouth and tongue over Roki's juicy snatch, "My god, what are you doing to me?"
With soft Japanese music playing in the background, Roki began to quietly hum along as she slowly brought off her lover, the trill of her vocal chords providing additional erotic vibrations to Katie's pussy.
After catching Katie's initial discharge of lady juices with her mouth, Roki lifted her crotch off of her lover's face and pulled her head back as she continued manipulating Katie's pussy with her fingers. In an unabated climax, Katie continued gushing on Roki and the bed, leaving both drenched in her liquid love.
"Oh, fuck, yes! My god...yes!" Katie wailed, rocking her head from side to side and tugging on her bound extremities, "Ohhhh...ooooh...yes!"
Lute had propped himself against the headboard to watch the ladies in action, stroking his cock and waiting for the right time to enter the fray. So when Katie finally exhausted her orgasm and was momentarily subdued, Roki looked over at him from her sixty-nine position atop Katie and moved her legs up into a squatting position.
"Please come and sex with me, Mr. Lute," she said in her soft sultry voice.
Wasting no time, Lute moved in behind Roki and knelt over Katie, who was situated so she got perfect access to her lovers' genitalia as they prepared to fuck. But since her wrists remained bound, she only had her mouth to work with. So, raising her head, she took Lute's dangling nut sac into her mouth as Roki reached back and grabbed his cock, rubbing its head against her gaping pussy.
"You are very big, Mr. Lute," Roki whispered, "But I look forward to our coupling."
"Oh, yeah, so do I!" Lute chuckled, amused by her propriety as she eased his cock inside her. Letting Roki set the pace, knowing the initial entry of his huge member into a new lover could be intimidating, he moved his hips forward just a bit until her pussy was sufficiently stretched and ready for more.
For Katie, watching this from below reminded her of a news clip she'd seen of a fighter jet being refueled midair. Her partners' measured joining of body parts was a scene she found particularly erotic, especially knowing how it felt to be on the receiving end of Lute's leviathan. The sensation of her pussy spreading to take him in was always exciting. And from her Roki's labored breathing, she knew she felt the same.
"Oh, yes, Mr. Lute, that feels very nice," Roki groaned as she pushed back against him, working his cock deeper into her stretched cunt, "Very nice!"
Perfectly positioned to attend to her lovers, Katie could raise her head and lick Lute's shaft as it slowly moved inside Roki, and also kiss and lick Roki's clit and inner thighs, which only further heightened her friend's earnest passion.
"Yes, Miss Katie, oh, thank you! Thank you!"
Roki continued moaning and gasping her gratitude while Lute slowly worked his cock deeper into her cunt, reaming her with careful deliberation until she started shoving back her ass, taking all of him inside her. Their fucking then gradually heated up while Katie tended to them from below, licking and slurping on their genitals while calling out words of encouragement.
"Yeah, that's right, get that big cock in there baby!" she hissed, "Fuck her geisha pussy, Luther, that's right, all the way in! Do her!"
With Lute's cock deep inside her and Katie licking her clit, Roki grew increasingly agitated and her modest decorum gave way to a coarser side that Katie had seen once or twice before, and knew she'd see again when Roki had accepted her offer of a threesome with Lute.
"Oh, yes, fuck me, Mr. Lute, fuck me!" Roki wailed as Lute began driving his cock hard and fast into her, gripping her hips as their bodies slapped together, "You are so big inside me! Oh, please...please...don't stop! Don't stop!"
Though outwardly she appeared to be throwing herself into the moment, Lute soon realized the skilled masseuse was strategically squeezing on his cock with her pussy, milking and massaging his member in a way he'd never felt before. And it was incredible.
During her massage therapy training in Japan, one of Roki's instructors, a wise older woman, had taken the female students aside one day and showed them some exercises for strengthening their Kegel muscles.
Explaining how the ladies could use strong pelvic muscles to enhance their lovemaking, Roki had continued doing the exercises ever since, and had refined her pelvic squeeze technique to a degree that it became a mind-numbing thrill for her lovers.
As she deployed her skills on Luther, it induceda remarkable sensation -- like having his cock simultaneously sucked, squeezed and stroked. Roki knew exactly what she was doing, and kept doing it even while she climaxed, clamping her pussy with vice grip intensity on Lute's cock as she whimpered and moaned, her pussy dripping onto Katie's face.
"Oh, yes, Mr. Lute, yes! Yes!" Roki wailed as she came, all while her extraordinary pussy milked away on his cock until he exploded with an orgasm of ungodly intensity.
Stationed beneath them and unable to move, Katie had a close-up view when Lute's cock detonated and cum came gushing out of Roki's pussy. But after launching his initial blast inside Roki, he quickly pulled out and shoved his member down into Katie's open mouth.
Not wanting to miss out, Roki maneuvered around to join Katie in sucking off Lute's milky ejaculate. Surprised that it kept coming, even after both of their mouths were full to overflowing, Roki hungrily gulped down what she could and then alternated sucking on Lute while sharing cum-filled kisses with Katie, which continued until his supply was drained.
It was dark outside when Lute awakened and sat up to find Roki was gone. Looking around, he saw that he and an unbound Katie were covered with a light wool blanket while the soft glow of candles flickered around the room.
Slowly regaining his wits, Lute recalled how their threesome had continued on for some time, and how Roki had made him cum again by deploying her amazing vaginal and pelvic squeezes on his cock.
After their first round of lovemaking, he and Roki had untied Katie from her restraints, which led to the two ladies going at each other with an erotic fury while Lute watched, recovering from his Roki-induced climax before joining them for another round.
Roki had been an amazing partner for both Lute and Katie. And thanks to their vigorous workout, Lute now had a serious appetite. Katie's stomach was also growling, so after a quick shower the famished couple went off to the dining room for their evening meal.
It was Saturday night, and the usually mellow dining room had a livelier vibe. A keyboard player was set up in one corner playing music more upbeat than the resort's usual Japanese and new age fare. And the bartender was offering sake tastings to any guests who cared to sample the range of offerings.
After devouring a couple of appetizers to slake their hunger, Lute and Katie joined a group of guests in the bar area for sake. As they sipped some particularly potent varieties, the attractive Nordic looking couple they'd seen the night before in the couples-only pool came by. Their names were Sven and Annika -- direct from Sweden -- and after conversing for a bit, they invited Lute and Katie to join them later for a small party in one of the private hot tub cabins up the hill.
Having already seen them in action that first night --with Sven licking the buxom Annika's pussy as she sat on the edge of the pool -- it was understood their party wouldn't involve board games or charades. So, liking their hosts, the younger couple gladly accepted the offer.
When Lute and Sven began talking about cross country skiing, Katie and Annika slipped off to the ladies room. And while they sat talking in adjacent stalls, Katie let Annika know that Lute was the only guy she was fucking that weekend, though she was available for other women. And if people at the party wanted to watch her fuck Lute, well, that would also be okay.
So, later that evening after dinner and more sake, Lute and Katie slipped into their spa robes and went off to join the party. The resort had a few of these smallish private cabins outfitted with a tub, sauna, and relaxation room scattered around the property. Also constructed in the traditional Japanese mountain style, they provided small group getaways for those wanting additional privacy.
As Lute and Katie entered the cabin, they glanced into the room across from the sauna and saw one couple was already in full party mode, fondling and kissing as they lay with their robes spread open on one of the cushioned benches.
Another couple, having just exited the sauna, were kissing and caressing as they rinsed off in the open shower, nodding and smiling to Lute and Katie as they passed. Lute had seen both of these couples before, but noticed they'd now swapped partners and were enjoying the attention of each others' mates.
On the far side of the cabin was a door leading to the outside hot tub, so grabbing cups of warm sake before exiting the room, Lute and Katie went to find their hosts.
As expected, Sven and Annika were outside soaking, luxuriating in the big wooden hot tub that was submerged at ground level and surrounded by a wooden platform. With them were David and Kim, an equally attractive couple that Katie recognized as two of the skaters who'd watched her ass get reamed that morning, and they acknowledged her with amused smiles.
In the subdued lighting, with steam rising from tub and soft music playing in the background, it was an erotic scene. And with the hot waters and a roaring fire going in a nearby fireplace, the cold night air was a welcome relief.
After Lute and Katie discarded their robes and slid into the tub, Annika slipped over to greet them, rubbing her big tits against them as they hugged, then giving each a welcoming kiss on the lips.
"We're so glad you joined us," she whispered in her lovely accented voice, "The party, it can now begin!"
From the tranquil scene, Lute was glad to see there wasn't going to be much conversation, and that the party was primarily focused on sex and sensuality -- two of his favorite things.
As they all soaked in the soothing waters and sipped sake, Sven lit a joint and passed it around, and it wasn't long before the combined effect of weed and sake increased the group's subdued but seductive haze.
Annika was the most curvaceous of the ladies, and as she soaked, her DD tits floated like big white buoys atop the water. Leaning back against the tub wall, she motioned for Katie to come join her. And when she did, Annika welcomed her into her fleshy bosom, wrapping her tits around Katie's head as she slid into the lovely Swede's cleavage, tenderly kissing and sucking, relishing her partner's fleshy offerings.
Kim was the next to move in, taking over on one of Annika's succulent floaters while Katie kept her mouth attached to other. The two ladies then began alternating kisses with each other while they continued attending to Annika's big tits with their saucer-sized areolas and wide nipples.
As much as she enjoyed the attention to her boobs, it wasn't long before Annika wanted to get up close and personal with the alluring wings she'd seen between Katie's legs. So patting the side of the tub, she got her to climb up and spread her legs wide apart, giving everyone a full view of her meaty cunt.
"Oh, yes, that is a beautiful pussy!" Annika said as she gave a long lustful gaze at Katie's extraordinary labia. And then she began to kiss her way in, starting on her thighs, then slowly working towards her fleshy flaps that resembled an exotic sea creature.
While Annika tenderly ran her tongue over Katie's wings, Kim slid her face in and joined the banquet, trading licks and slurps with Annika on Katie's beguiling pussy, now swollen and excitably wet.
Looking over at Luther, Katie motioned for him to come join her on the deck. And when he did, she lay back on the wooden platform while he positioned himself at the edge, just above her head. With her mouth wide open, Lute slid in his stiff member and gradually worked it deep into her stretched maw.
Taking in Lute's huge cock like a carnival sword swallower, Katie demonstrated her impressive deep-throating skills while Annika and Kim continued working over her pussy. Kim had slid a couple of fingers into Katie's gaping cunt, then continued easing in more until a good portion of her hand was buried in Katie's snatch.
It would be an understatement to say Katie was in seventh heaven. Having two fine ladies attending to her pussy, Lute's huge cock buried in her mouth, and the whole group enjoying her unfolding fuckfest, it was a bad girl's dream moment.
The couple Lute and Katie had passed in the sauna shower had now also moved out to the hot tub. And like the others, they watched with rapt attention, knowing they were witnessing an Oscar-worthy performance.
Sven moved in behind Kim as she continued working over Katie's pussy, and he rubbed his sizeable cock against her ass until she spread her legs to give him a rear entry to her pussy. As he did, David also joined in, sliding his hand between Annika's legs. Then gripping her cunt with one hand while massaging her tits with the other, he began pleasuring the Swedish beauty.
For Lute, looking down on all of this from his perch atop Katie's head was like viewing a cheerleaders' human pyramid, with him in the topmost position and the rest of the cheer squad stacked up below.
Pulling his cock from Katie's mouth, he lifted her head so she could also look down and see the chain reaction scene she'd created: two ladies going at her pussy while their lovers worked them over from behind. And sitting on the far side of the tub, both couples from inside were now watching while they engaged in their own foreplay with their swapped partners.
Seeing their lusty companions were focused on Lute and her as the stars of the party's first act, Katie decided it was time to advance the plot.
"Sorry, ladies," Katie said to Annika and Kim as she pulled her legs from the water and eased out of the tub, "I really wanna' fuck this guy!" Then standing up, she moved over to the cushioned bench behind Lute. Grabbing a wool blanket, she draped it over the bench and lay back, motioning for Lute to join her.
With the bench positioned perfectly for viewing from the water -- like a riser set up for a show's featured performers -- the four couples in the tub watched as Lute mounted Katie and slowly slid his huge cock into her well-prepped pussy.
"Oh, yeah, baby! God, yes!" Katie moaned as Lute's thick meat tunneled inside her. Then, like pornstars positioned for optimal camera angles, they began to fuck.
The weed and sake had erased any inhibitions the couple may have had. And with the fire providing additional warmth, Katie looked up at Lute with a lustful gaze, pleased he was willing to indulge her peculiar vices.
Even before it involved sex, Katie always had some exhibitionist tendencies. This had first involved sports -- she was a good tennis player and had gone on to play on her high school and college teams, and still enjoyed playing.
She loved being out there on the court with all eyes on her as she stretched her long tanned legs going for shots. And by the time she was in college, she made sure her tennis outfits accentuated her assets when she sweated. Because that's when her tight under-skirt panties stuck to her big pussy to create a distinctive camel toe, and when her nipples protruded like knobs under her tight sweaty tops. It was an ongoing joke among her teammates that her matches were the only ones that drew crowds, and mostly guys.
But now she was getting the biggest thrill of all. Because everyone's eyes were glued to her body as she lay back on the bench while her sexy partner pierced her pussy wings with his thick cock. No tennis match was ever as good as this.
"Yeah, baby!" She moaned to Lute as they locked eyes, "Give me that fuckin' cock, baby! Give it to me!"
Though he didn't share Katie's penchant for having an audience watch him fuck, Lute found himself enjoying this particular performance. And when he looked over at the partiers in the tub, he saw they were definitely into it, continuing to make out with their new partners while keeping Katie and Lute front and center.
Rubbing Katie's clit with his thumb while he plowed her with his beast, it wasn't long before Lute had her writhing and wailing through a major climax.
"Oh, yes...yes...yes!" she moaned, glancing over and seeing that her audience was still tuned in, "My god, yes! Fuck yes!"
After slowly coming down from her orgasm, Katie had Lute take her spot on the bench so she could mount him reverse cowgirl -- a position she knew would give the tub's onlookers an optimal view of their coupling.
As Katie maneuvered atop Lute's thick organ, she made eye contact with Annika, who was giving a mesmerized David full access to her corpulent tits. Trading smiles with the buxom Swede, Katie stretched her pussy wings over Lute's cock head and slowly eased down. Once fully impaled, she began to ride him like a rodeo queen atop her prize stallion, her sweet tits flopping about as she gripped his thighs for balance.
Watching her audience as she bounced on Lute's huge cock, Katie locked eyes with each person, seducing them with long looks and making them believe she was theirs for the taking. She'd once seen a belly dancer do this at a Moroccan restaurant and she'd noticed how the guys were fairly drooling when she finished. A few women too.
Seeing she was having the same effect on her fellow partiers, Katie shimmied her torso and stretched her arms above her head like a belly dancer as she threw back her head and moaned, "Mmmm...yes, baby, yes! Fuck me!"
Continuing her dance routine while Lute kept driving his beast into her pussy, his thrusts soon became more adamant and his groaning increased as he approached a climax. Deciding not to hold back, Lute grunted, "Cum with me baby! Cum with me!"
Glad to oblige, Katie shoved a hand into her pussy and began furiously working over her clit until her panting and gasps told Lute she was ready to join him in the dramatic climax to their performance.
"Oh, yeah! Yeah!" Lute grunted as he raised his hips and launched his first volley into Katie as she shuddered and screamed, her pussy gushing a combination of her juices and Lute's cum.
Then pulling his cock from her flooded cunt, Katie pumped his shaft as it continued to blast a boundless load of jism while she kept working over her pussy, wailing as she thrashed and came, "Yes! Yes! Oh god, baby, yes!"
If they'd bothered to look, Lute and Katie would have seen their hot tub companions had stopped their own lovemaking to witness their featured performers' grand finale. Wide-eyed, none had ever seen a guy erupt like Luther, his cock continuing to launch load after load of its milky spew.
Gripping Lute's shaft with both hands, Katie dropped down and stretched her mouth over his spurting organ and did her best to suck off the last of his discharge, gulping and slurping until he was finally drained.
Now finally looking down at her rapt audience, she gave them a cum-filled smile and sexily gulped down her last mouthful of jizz before collapsing back onto the bench next to Lute, spent and supremely satisfied.
After an extended post-coitus breather, Katie and Lute left their tub mates and went off to recover with a shower and sauna. But when they exited the sauna after a long invigorating sweat, they discovered the party had moved indoors and the four couples were now going at in various dyads and triads in the cushioned and softly lit relaxation room .
Settling on bench, they watched Annika on her hands and knees, her tits hanging down like succulent udders, get fucked doggystyle by David while she simultaneously sucked off one of the other guys. Sven was similarly engaged with Kim and another chick, fucking Kim while she worked her face into the girl's trimmed pussy. While the last couple were on a side bench, locked in a 69 position, oblivious to the goings-on around them.
Katie and Lute stuck around for awhile, warmly enveloped in their robes as they cuddled, sipped sake and watched the happy lovers. Then waving goodbye, they quietly slipped out the door.
Still determined to get over her gnawing infatuation with Lute and his magnificent cock, Katie instigated more fucking that night. And then again the next morning, and finally once more for good measure after they'd already packed up the car for the drive back to the city, pulling off her pants and imploring Lute to take her in the ass as she draped her torso over the kitchen counter.
Letting Lute drive, he put in a mix tape he'd brought along and the two happily sang their way through the forest and farmland back to the city, with Katie's ass oozing his cum the whole ride.
It was evening by the time they reached Lute's house, and Katie was still resolved to go cold turkey off of him for a few weeks, and she'd told him as much, saying she had a big case coming up and needed to focus on work for awhile.
So after some long goodbye kisses, Lute went inside and Katie drove towards home. But she hadn't gotten more than a mile away when she turned the car around and went back. And when Lute answered the door with an inquisitive grin, she grabbed him by the arm and pulled him to the bedroom. Then, after tearing off each other's clothes, they fucked late into the night.