"Thank you very much!"
Another satisfied customer, and a great sale for me, I reflect as my customer walks out with her new and expensive, top-of-the-line vibrators. I've been working here as a salesman at Bossman's Sex Emporium for a year now, and it's the best job I've ever had. And I'm pretty good at it if I say so myself. This is the one place where being a loser works in my favor. I'm a short, weak, bisexual, socially awkward virgin with a micropenis, which means I have more experience with the products here than anyone. I've used all the vibrators and dildos, all the artificial vaginas, seen most of the DVDs; I've even tried on most of the lingerie and costumes. My social awkwardness takes a backseat when I'm surrounded by the sex stuff I'm so passionate about.
I hear the bell ring as a new customer opens the door. An embarrassed-looking sexy young woman enters the store. "Welcome! My name's Riley, let me know if there's anything I can help you with," I greet her.
"Hi...yes, I'm here to look at the lube section."
"Right this way, ma'am!" I lead her to the lube shelf. "Here we have water-based lubes, silicone-based lubes, oil-based lubes and hybrids. Let me know if you have any questions."
"So, my new boyfriend is pretty well-endowed, and we have pretty good endurance too...I've found that my water-based lube just doesn't stay slick long enough. Do you have any recommendations?"
Perfect. I know just the right thing, and it's pricier than water-based lubes too. I show her a bottle of Booty Grease. "This oil-based lube here is my go-to when I'm using an extra-large dong. Very long-lasting stuff, I highly recommend it!"
"Hmm, I'm a little wary about oil-based lubes though. I've heard they can cause infections, plus they might stain the sheets. I was thinking about trying a silicone-based lube, do you have any experience with those?" she replies.
Crap. The problem with silicone-based lube is that you can't use it with most sex toys. It's mostly used for real sex. While I may have experience with a wider range of sex products than the other employees, I have a gap in experience when it comes to products that require a partner.
I look over at my co-worker Blakely for help. I've seen her buying silicone-based lubes before. She must use them with her boyfriend. He comes in here often, swaggering with confidence and squeezing her huge tits while she's working like a douchebag. One time, I was demoing an extra small cock cage for a customer while he was nearby. He saw and laughed his ass off, calling me 'clitty boy', and then he pulled out his huge dick to show how much bigger he was and humiliate me. Blakely was mortified and came to apologize to me on his behalf, but I told her it wasn't necessary. Blakely's douchebag boyfriend inadvertently helped me clinch the sale. That kind of humiliation was exactly what the customer was looking for, and not just him. All the loser beta guys in the porn section saw what happened and ended up buying cock cages too. Now we have a routine--anytime that I'm demoing a cock cage, one of the other workers will come over and humiliate me. It's a very successful skit, although something tells me the others aren't faking it when they laugh at me...
Just as I'm about to ask Blakely to help the customer, I hear Bossman call out to me. I look over and see him with a grin on his face, looking confident as always. Mr. Bossman is the owner of Bossman's Sex Emporium, none of us even know what his first name is. We all call him Bossman, or just Boss. Bossman is tall, brawny, Black, and he's an excellent businessman. Apparently when he was applying for college, universities across the country were clamoring to give him a football scholarship, but he turned them all down to focus on his studies and ended up getting an entrepreneurship MBA from an Ivy League. All that hard work was to realize his dream of opening the best sex shop in the world, and he's currently living that dream. He has a great location, he knows the best products to stock, he's great at motivating and managing his employees, and most of all, he knows how to make a sale.
"Riley, let's demo it. Let's show the customer the quality of our products." Bossman takes a bottle of Silky Sex off the shelf and gestures for me to join him. I'm ecstatic. I've never had the opportunity to demo a product with Bossman before. I was so jealous the day that he asked Cassy to help him demo a textured XL condom while she was wearing a sexy maid costume; he was ramming her so hard her DD-cup tits popped out of her top. She was in a daze for hours afterward. Needless to say, we sold out of textured condoms and maid costumes that day.
Just in case you're wondering, all the sexual activity between the staff is completely consensual, and employees are never penalized for refusing to do a demonstration or rewarded for agreeing to do it. Customers can ask for a demonstration, but it is not guaranteed that one will be provided. Also, it is against store policy for customers to demo products in the store, or for customers to partake in sexual activities with staff inside the store. Bossman won't hesitate to throw out customers who cross the line.
I go with him to the demo area, slip my pants and underwear off, exposing my tiny genitals and round feminine ass to him. I step close to him as I unbuckle his belt, his muscular pecs at my eye level. I smell the warm, subtle fragrance of sandalwood from his cologne and feel calm. He's wearing a crisp white shirt with a navy-blue tie. Psychologists says that salesmen should wear blue, since that color evokes feelings of trustworthiness. I trust no one more than Bossman to be the one to take my virginity.
I pull his pants and underwear down, and his big black cock springs up and slaps me, already erect. The size would be shocking if I hadn't already seen it before, it's nearly the size of my forearm. I think about putting it in my mouth, but I have to remind myself I'm not here to give Bossman a blowjob, I'm supposed to be demoing the lube. I take the bottle and slather the lube all over his dick. The silicone stuff is a lot slicker and silkier than water-based lube, but it still requires a lot of product to cover his whole penis. I use a lube applicator to shoot some lube into my ass before I turn around and let him take over.
Bossman leans over and whispers into my ear. "Solo play is great, but it's time that you experience everything that the world of sex has to offer." I feel Bossman's consideration towards me. He not only wants me to be a more well-rounded salesman, but also have a more fulfilling sex life as well. I couldn't ask for a better boss.
He bends his knees down enough that the tip of his cock can slip into my ass. He grabs me by my thighs and lifts me up, while straightening his knees as his stands back up again. My back is against his chest and my legs are spread up and open in a V shape holds me by my thighs. He eases me lower, causing my ass to slide down his shaft. I let out a moan of pleasure and surprise. Normally, if I fuck a dong as thick as him, I need to progressively work my way up using different sized toys, and even then, it takes a while to work it in slowly and carefully before I can fuck it. It's a testament to his skill at moving me down his cock, as well as the extremely high quality of the lube.
Bossman starts heaving me up and down on his cock, and I moan every time on the way down. I've had big dongs in my ass plenty of times, but the sensation of having sex with a real man is much more than just being penetrated. I feel his chest and abs on my back, his arms and hands holding me up. I feel my little dicklette flopping around as I slide up and down the shaft. The sounds of his breath, the smell of his cologne, the feeling of connectedness to another human, it all elevates the experience so far beyond dildoing myself while watching porn.
"Any pain Riley?" he asks.
"No Boss, everything's silky smooth, keep going!" I glance over to the customer, she looks impressed.
"This stuff can really facilitate deep penetration, huh? How about fast thrusting though, will it still last with that kind of friction?" she asks.
By now a crowd is starting to form around the demonstration area. Bossman puts me down, and I kneel on a highchair facing the seat back, so that I'm at the appropriate height for him while he's standing. I bend over a bit and guide his cock into me. He holds me by the hips and thrusts into me balls deep. He starts pumping, gradually increasing in speed. Eventually he's at jackhammer level, going nearly full strokes 3 or 4 times per second. I'm pretty sure I'm screaming at this point, but the sound is drowned out by the cheers from the audience and the loud smacking of his thighs onto my ass. I see a few men in the audience with tents in their pants, and women with their hands down their skirts.
Since this is an endurance test of the lube, we keep going for 20 minutes. By the time Bossman fills me with cream, I've already came all over the chair several times. Normally, the less expensive water-based lubes sell better than the silicone-based ones, but right now $50 bottles of Silky Sex are flying off the shelves. Several of my co-workers come to me, to congratulate me for losing my virginity as well as for driving sales so well. What an amazing day, working the best job in the world at Bossman's Sex Emporium.