My lips quivered at the idea of speaking out loud, that saying anything would rationalise the cold hard truth. I sat there in silence, watching the green recording light blink, it added gravity to the situation and reminded me that time was running out.
'Captains log, this is Joan Atomic reporting from the Crimson Liner. I am in command of this vessel, the one thousand officers on board and we are returning from a six-year expedition to the outer rim. The first and foremost problem has risen, the food synthesiser system has malfunctioned, and we are still one-thousand five-hundred and twelve days from reaching Earth. I have a team of highly trained engineers that should have been able to diffuse the situation quickly, but they have come to me with an alarming issue that cannot be overlooked.'
I took a deep breath; the captain was supposed to remain calm, and it was only a recording after all. If the events that followed went south than I would not have to live with the lifetime of embarrassment that loomed on the horizon.
'The food synthesiser stores organic matter in the wing of the ship, the long tube runs the length of the wing and has swollen up due to a pressure supply issue. An engineer would be able to fix this problem by crawling through a narrow vent beside the tube, but the access has been comprised. Now the pressure control panel is malfunctioning, and someone must access the second hatch to investigate.'
I got up and roughed up the tangled mess of strawberry blonde curls on my head. I was crazy if I thought reporting this would help the situation, but I was out of options. The procrastination would never end unless I told the captains log everything, that was my process and I had to follow it through.
'There is a temporary access hatch that was used in the manufacturing process of the Crimson Liner's wing, and it is the only way to access the pressure control panel. The hatch was never meant to be used during space travel but still has the capacity to be opened from outer space where necessary. Alas the real problems begin; the hatch is too small to pass through while wearing an astronaut suit and this also rules out the use of a conventional oxygen tank. There is however an experimental astro gel suit onboard, it is only a small to medium fit and it rules out the larger members of the crew. The suit does not regulate oxygen, so the user must be able to regulate their own breath, unless they have mandatory captain surgery and have the cybernetic respiratory implants. There is only one person on board who can save everyone and that is the woman sitting in front of you.'
I did the unthinkable and signed off. That meant I was done, that I was ready to face the challenging tasks that came with being captain and report to the engineering bay.
I did not want to say it out loud, but everyone knows you must be naked to wear the astro gel suit, a suit that is made of a see-through compound. The whole system is an artificial symbiote, it is filled with microscopic nodes and fibres that synergise with the human bodies electrical current. If there is any foreign matter between the astro gel and the human body, it stresses out and blows up into a bubble. If the suit blows up into a bubble, then I cannot do the job and it might rupture in the confined space. I also must be accompanied by a drone that provides a live video feed to the engineering team so they can tell me exactly what needs to be done.
The engineering team looked at me, waiting expectantly for an answer I wasn't ready to give, I had returned to their information debrief but I was not sure if I had the determination to follow through. They had prepared the lifeline; it was filled with electrical wires, and it was double coated in the astro gel. The team waited for me to decide it was the only option, I had hoped that one of our new alien crew members may not need to breathe but that did not seem to be the case. I pinched my nose shut, it was an exercise to pressurise my sinus and after a moment of holding my breath, I felt my cybernetic lungs begin to oxygenate my system. The ship captain was supposed to use this ability in the event of an emergency and save their crew from a breach in the oxygen supply. That would have been a much easier protocol to deal with, pressing one button while everyone choked around me, but life was not being that kind to me.
'The last problem is hair; it confuses the nodes just as much as clothing fibres and there is no other option but to remove all of it.' Said Greg
Greg was the lead engineer, and I had no idea when I could trust him, he was a sly old bugger at the best of times, and he always seemed to get what he wanted. I gulped at the prospect of being nude but completely hairless was another thing. I was shameless about being unshaven during the voyage and I had much more pressing matters to attend to at the best of times. I looked at the assortment of modern laser shaving devices on the table before me, and I had no idea how to proceed.
'When you are ready, Joan.' Said Greg
What he really meant was, he wanted me to hurry up and get undressed. There would have been no reason for me to falter if someone else was in charge, but his voice always sent shivers down my spine.
'I may not be wearing my badge in a minute but don't go forgetting who is in charge here.' I said
'I would not dare overstep my bounds.' Said Greg
'Then we will leave the shaving to the women and have all the men preparing the astro gel suit.' I demanded
Greg stifled his look of dismay and ordered the men to follow him, he would get to see me naked soon enough, but it would be on my terms.
Underneath the captain's jumpsuit I wore my comfort clothes, a simple white singlet, and a pair of old sweatpants. I had never worn a bra on the voyage, it was a complete waste of time to pretend I needed the support. Instead, I had grown accustomed to letting the crew see the faint rise of my puffy marshmallow nipples. I did not mind being naked in front of my friends to a reasonable extent, the bothersome part was the idea of being watched live by a thousand hungry crew members. Their last memory would be of their vulnerable captain failing to save their lives.
I pretended to care about having a sense of decency long enough to make everyone else feel uncomfortable, and the female engineering crew melted before me as I tested the extent of their moral judgement. I took one sweeping motion over my head and before anyone had the chance to blink, I wiggled my hips and let the sweatpants fall to the ground. There was a moment of shock where the crew was expecting me to be wearing more than two items of clothing. I had no threads left and allowed the women of the crew to admire my fair bush.
'The process will go faster if you let us help.' Said Gala.
Laser hair removal of the future was a painless ordeal and come in a variety of handheld devices. The Six women entered my personal space and began shaving me all at once. I was glad to see that my best friend, Gala Armstrong had taken the initiative and dedicated herself the job of clearing my pubic region. She shaved back my delicate little garden to reveal my neat, voluptuous pussy and she stared in awe.
'How come mine doesn't look like that? You bitch!' said Gala.
It looked as though it was sculpted for a chapel in the heart of Rome and all the eyes had shifted towards my hips. A frazzled head of dirty blonde curls dropped to the ground around me but none of the other hair worried me as much as the pubic area. When there was nothing left to hide behind, Gala mouthed the word sorry, and I made an awkward closed lip smile back.
'Let's get on with it, we have a ship to save here.' I said
I took back control, I saw my captains badge lying in my pile of clothing and knew I did not have to wear it to be in charge.
When the astro gel suit was complete, they would have pods installed on each wing, the subject would get in the pod to get covered in gel and then be ejected into outer space. On the current ship, the Crimson Liner, there were only loading bays with a custom hole for the tether to pass through. The trial process would involve rolling out a wading pool full of astro gel and waiting for it to take to the body of its latest subject.
Gala Armstrong acted as my personal shield, she stood between the crew and I to give me some privacy. I was in shock; the laser shaving was complete, but I was still standing still with my arms adrift.
'You can cover yourself now if you like.' Said Gala
'What's the point? I don't think it's going to get any less awkward.' I said
There was no hiding now, even the light blonde hair that covered my arms had to go and there was nothing left to define me except flesh. I was completely white except for the stray freckles on each side of my slight up turned nose. My puffy pink nipples were starting grow erect and my whole chest was swollen red with anxiety. I had a slender waist with toned muscles that exaggerated the shapes around my hips and everyone's gaze was fixated on my pussy.
It was not common for someone to say it was their best feature and I often found myself stroking my labia in front of a mirror. It was so neat that it looked like it should have belonged to the gods, it was crafted by a higher power and it was so bright that the rest of me felt like a shadow in comparison.
'To the loading bay!' I said
I had to take control and lead the charge; everyone was being too polite to make the first move. It left me starting to feel vulnerable and I lead the charge. My toned buttocks gave a wholesome jiggle as I walked ahead with urgency, I wanted to dive straight into the astro gel before Greg would get the chance to see me in all my glory.
I laid flat in the small pool of astro gel as the crew caught up and it was surprising quick to take a hold of its host. I could feel the nodes exploring my naked body and the substance itself was well insulated. My body sunk into it like it was a warm pot of honey and it got into all of my crevices. The electrical nodes were attracted to my pussy as well, it was swollen from the thrill of being naked and gave off its own electrical pulse.
'I've never seen the astro gel take hold of its host so quickly.' Said Greg
I could not tell if his eyes were fixed on me or if he was truly perplexed by the properties of the astro gel. I was too embarrassed to explain why I thought the astro gel liked me and I hoped Gala would not entertain them with my secret. The astro gel was completely see through and I could see my nude body as clearly as before. I could tell how thick the gel was because of the way it bulged around my fingers. It was almost like being under a magnifying glass, my perky breasts and swollen nipples were emphasised more by the pressure of my cybernetic lungs. I was even more embarrassed than I was before and now it was impossible to cover myself because of the separation between my skin and the gel.
'You will have to stand completely still while we conduct the volt and amp tests.' Said Greg
His female staff began poking the astro gel with volt and amp readers until they were satisfied with the results. I had no choice but to stand there with my legs spread and I would not dare cut corners on the safety standard of a trial product. Greg took a slow walk all the way around me before making up his mind to proceed.
'I think you are ready.' Said Greg, 'Just stand in the middle of the air lock with the drone and we'll release you into space.'
The small round spherical drone had no privacy, and I could feel it tuning the camera into my most private region. I had my own theory that Greg would insist on driving the drone and that choice was now out of my control. The air lock was closing, I concentrated my breathing on the cybernetic lungs and waited to be released into space fully nude. My mouth was locked shut by the cybernetic lung protocol and all wanted to do was scream for them to hurry up.
The air lock opened and I was lifted off my feet immediately. The astro gel started to expand and contract around me, that was how it worked, the suit was famous for its ability to swim through space and that meant using my arms and legs. I dolphin dived out of the cargo bay and the suit kept me on the course of my outstretched arms. It was easier than swimming, but it was too easy to get thrown off course. I had to keep my arms outstretched, I delivered long kicks to stay on course, while the whole crew looked at my ballerina body spin in front of the drone's camera. There was no privacy like a conventional nude swim, I could feel the astro gel hugging my swollen labia as though it was an extension of myself, and I was bought to a shuddering stop. The whole suit delivered a gentle vibration around my pussy, and I was not ready to have a convulsion in the middle of space. I was thrown off course, my whole body jiggled like it was underwater and the tether pulled taught. The tether was too ingrained in my body to snap but it did release much more intense vibration to my whole body. I could feel the vibration drum over my sensitive nipples, it made squirm again, my pussy was much worse, and I almost lost my composure in front of the whole crew.
'If you touch down on the wing, the vibrations should dissipate through your feet.' Said Greg, 'This is a known side effect of women wearing this suit, but I believe you can work through it.'
I was so embarrassed that Greg had not told me the worst part of the suit. The lead engineer was not above withholding information from the captain, and it made me red with frustration. He gave instructions through the drone and I began to kick once more with gentle precision. If I made no sudden movements, then the suit may not shudder and spare me from an unthinkable display of pleasure. I touched down on the wing of the Crimson Liner with some relief, the astro gel bonded well with the steel floor and made it feel like I was wearing magnetic boots. I made it to the hatch in a cloud of steps where two other astronauts had flown out to remove the hatch. The vibration started again and I waved it off. The astro gel was responding to the rattling power tools they were using and the vibration went up my leg. It went to my secret spot behind my knee, the back of my knee was so sensitive for some unexplainable reason, that it was often the key achieving maximum sexualised pleasure and I lost control. I had an explosive orgasm inside the astro gel suit and I could not stop my body from shuddering. My bodily fluids squirted out of me uncontrollably and displaced the connection between me and the suit. I moaned through tight shut lips, and I had no way to stop the sealed suit from vibrating against my most private regions.
At least astronauts were supposed to be like doctors, both tried very hard not to acknowledge my state as I climbed into the vent, headfirst and barely able to stop a second wave of convulsions from taking control of my body. Once my pale body had its most sensitive areas stimulated, then it was impossible to stop my whole body from shuddering. As more of my astro gel touched the metallic surface, the vibrations got worse, and my bottom half was out of the vent. It turned into a water feature in front of the drone's camera, and I had no other choice but to pull through and ignore my spasming legs.
'Just so you know, the astro gel will not be displaced by the natural lubricant but it could make the electrical currents stronger that drive the vibrations.' Said Greg
The drone followed me into the manhole and joined me in the tight vent of the wing. I had no way to communicate back but I wished someone else would take control from the lead engineer, I could smell my own orgasmic fluids mixing with the suit's composition. The suit was not supposed to make the wearer feel wet, but the texture had changed and I was swimming in a sea of my own ecstasy. I crawled through the crawl space as fast as I could, the vibrations intensified beyond control, I was moaning so loud despite my pursed lips, my legs were clamped shut but the ecstasy bubbled through and added another coat to my already slippery body.
'Shut the damn hell up!' said Greg
I had to do a double take, but the sound did not come from a drone, it was Greg himself. Otherwise known as the breaker of worlds, he hated my imagination and pulled open the curtains on my not so private bedroom door. He was my obnoxious landlord and hated listening to sound of me pleasuring myself. I had a feeling that I must have sounded a lot like a former lover and I had lost control in front of him again. The worst part was, I could not stop and it made him even more furious. Greg dragged me outside by my free hand and left me on the back veranda. I could not escape the void of space, I had to keep stroking my labia, for the crew on board the Crimson Liner and save all their lives.
My sister knocked on her window, we both had separate rooms in the same unit block but she had taken Gregs side in most matters. She would probably sleep with the creepy old man and the thought made me shudder. I could see her inside and managed to mouth the words, let me in. She just laughed at me and jiggled her massive bosom underneath her pyjama Shirt. Then she rolled her eyes and shut the curtains, I had to keep masturbating, there was no stopping in the middle of my adventure and the back lights came on. I was stark naked, in the middle of the night and all the neighbours had to do was look out their windows to see me. If only my landlord knew how much indirect pleasure he was giving me. I would never dare expose myself willingly to the creepy old bastard but I would take advantage of this embarrassing moment.
The show must go on, I had to manoeuvre my way into an awkward position so the camera could see what I was working on. I had no idea how to fix a pressurised valve, so the only way the drone could see what I was doing was if I had my legs spread open. It was much like how a mechanic would lay under a car, except my body was convulsing out of control and my hips would arch in front of the drone's camera. I was giving the whole crew a deep look into my nether regions; they were seeing more of me than I knew and I was powerless to deny them. All I could do was try to fix the piece of equipment in between spasms. Greg insisted there was nothing to worry about but I could feel my orgasmic fluids displacing the nodes in the astro gel. The fluid was also clouding my vision and starting to sting my eyes. There was only one more adjustment to make and the pressure would release at the other end. I heard the release and the chamber exploded with pressurised air. It made the whole suit stir like whirlpool in the ocean and I lost control of myself again. There was no more energy left for another wave, my limbs had to turned limp as I tried to pull myself back to the hatch. I raised myself lazily out of the hole and let the tether do the rest. I was as useful as a jellyfish, unable to cover myself as I floated back into the loading bay. The room was pressurised slowly and as I touched the ground, the suit exploded. The astro gel separated from my bodily fluid and I was left on the floor naked. I was covered in my own ecstasy, unable to move and unable to be helped. Gala tried to pull me towards her but I slipped through her hands like water. I spasmed like someone having a seizure, there was no chance of standing up, no chance of covering myself and unable to run away from the public eye. Gala was the only one acting and she covered me in towels to soak up the moisture. I was finally able to crawl into a ball of the floor and wipe myself down. I was hero among the crew but there were still four years to go on the painstaking voyage home.
I was laying against the fibre board wall, letting my beautiful pussy squirt all over the timber floor boards and I knew it would be another thing for Greg to complain about. The floorboards would swell up, he would be out here tomorrow with an electric planer and insist I pay him for fixing the patio. There was nothing left to do except come back to reality, it was a slow ordeal that I often despised but it was a necessary pain. I had lost so much in the real world, but I was still a part of it and while I did enjoy my escapes, I would not give up like my mother did. I still had my body, a beautiful specimen that I was in tune with and I would not trade it for another.
Even in my deepest daydreams, my body would be my own and nobody would take it from me. I pressed my fingers down on my puffy pink areola and watched it bounce back. I ran my hands down my waist, followed through to my hips and touched the back of my knees, where I always shuddered. I did shudder, I pulled my knees up to my chest and wondered how long I would be left out here. I had no concept of time, I never used my phone while masturbating, I did not need visual stimulation and there was too much going on in the moment. After a while the back light was turned off and I heard the door click open. Greg did not open the door; he just unbolted it and I decided to wait until the coast was clear. It would be way more embarrassing to be seen after the comedown, my legs were covered in juices and I would struggle to walk properly.
I wondered out into the backyard for a moment, you could only see a few stars in the city light but I wanted to be up there. It felt so real flying through space, I wanted to experience it firsthand but I was never cut out to be an astronaut. I was just an average woman who failed to grasp the concept of an art scholarship and faded away, lost to the poorest suburb of Melbourne. I lived with my sister, in a creepy old man's unit block and the only love I had left came from myself.